THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) rnoGREssioN, our. IIIGIITS, and OUR r.iyou.'acBs, SANDHURST, SATURDAY, JULY 25f 1885 A SUPPLEMENT is published with this morn ing's issue. THE HOMEWARD ENGLISH MAIL.-The R.M.S.S. Carthaga will leave Hobson's Bay on Tuesday for England. Mails will close at the Sandhurst Postoffiee as follows:-For money orders, at 3 p.m. on Monday; for registered letters, at (> p.m. on Monday; for ordinary letters, packets, and news papers, at G a.m. on Tuesday. THE LICENSING BILL -A meeting of supporters of the new licensing bill, was held at the Temper ance Hall last overling to make arrangements for the public meeting to be hold on Monday, 3rd of August. Mr J. R. Hoskins occupied the chair. A committee appointed by the meeting drew up the following resolution to be submitted to the public meeting : -" That this meeting while not accepting the now Licensing Bill in its entirety, thinking some amendments need to be made, con curs with the vital principles and will cordially give it general support." This resolution was ac cepted by the meeting. The chairman expressed the. opinion that tho mayor had made a vory serious mistake in presiding at the meeting of pub licans on Monday night lust, inasmuch as that meeting was not of a public character. He did not think that they should ask the mayor to pre side at the public meeting they proposed to hold. It was eventually decided that Cr. Harkuess Bhould take the chair on the occasion. It was resolved that Bishop Keville should be asked to speak at the meeting, and the nainos of Dr. Porter aud Mr J. R. Hoskina wero accepted by those present. It was decided that the resolutions carried at tho meeting should bo forwarded to the members of Parliament for the district. After the transaction of other formal business, tho meet ing was brought to a conclusiou. PROSPERITY" AND LIBERALITY.-Tho United Devonshire Company, tho most remarkable mining success on this goldtield during late years, yester day met to hear tho record of another brilliant half year's work. Most people expected the phenomenal yields of this company to have ceased some time back, but it is noteworthy that their output of gold during the last half-year-lo.Tofl ozs, valued at £61,637 lis 2d-is larger than in previous half years, though tho average per ton has been pre viously exceeded. The have during the six months paid the magnificent sum of £53,200. They have during two years and nino months paid no less than £G 4s per share, or £173,000 in dividends. It is not to be wondered at that the shareholders wero yesterday in a generous mood, voting £50 to the general manager, £25 to tho undergound manager, £25 to tho directors, aud £5 each to the engineer and three underground " bosses." Tho charities were not forgotten, £10 being voted to the hospital and £5 each to the Benevolent Asylum and Eaglehawk Ladies' Benevolent Society. A SINGULAR 'MISHAP.-A man named John M'Intyre, about 5S years of ago, wa3 admitted to the Bendigo Hospital on Wednesday last, suffer ing from congestion of the lungs. He was slightly delirious on Thursday night, and at four o'clock yesterday morning, he got out of bod and suddenly disappeared from the ward. Shortly afterwards the wardaman found him outside, having evidently jumped out through the window to the ground. Tho unfortunato man was immediately taken back to hi3 bed and ou examination it was found that ho had fractured his left knee cap. AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE.-A meeting of repre sentatives from the Agricultural Societies of the No. 4 district was held yesterday in tho Victoria Hotel, for the purpose of electing a representative on the Central Board. There were present-The hon. T>. O. Sterry in the chair, and Mr. Castles, Echuca Society; Mr. Castles, Rochester Society ; Mr. Wright, North - western Society ; Mr, Daglish, Boort Society ; and Mr. Forshaw, Elmore Society. Mr. H. M. Marks was appointed secretary. It was decided that Sand hurst should bo tho meeting place of tho board, opd Mr. Castles was appointed on tho central board for a period of twelvo months. Mr. Castles was requested to support an amendment in the Agricultural College Act, to increase the number of elective members on the Agricultural College board, and that the district societies, to the num ber of eleven, should each return one member to the Agricultural College Board. It was resolved to request each society to forward the sum of £1 to defray preliminary oxpenses, and also those of the delegate to tho central board. Tho secretary was instructed to write to the secretary of tho central committee, informing him of tho election of Mr. Castles as delegate, and requesting that he should bring under the notice of the chairman of tho committee the necessity for pro curing railway passes for tho delegates. Tho representative was requested to use his best endeavors to obtain free passes for judges to agri cultural shows. Votes of thanks having been ?passed to tho chairman and secrotary the meeting closed. The CASTLEJIAINE ELECTION*.-In our adver tising columns Dr. Bone, in response to a re quisition _ signed by about 130 ratepayers, ox presses his pleasure in consenting to becomo nomi nated as a candidate for the annual civic elections, and announces that ho has unconditionally re signed his position as health officer. In response to a requisition signed by oyer one hundred of the ratepayers of Gastlemaine, Mr. W. G. Hal ford announces (through our advertising columns) that ho will place his services at their disposal, and contest the ensuing pivic plpctipn as requested. Mr. Ifalfor/i's views op IgcaJ matters will' appear IB ij future issue. CALIFORNIA Giij.j.v INSTITUTE.-A correspondent rathor late in the day informs us that tho ordinary monthly meeting of tho committeo of tho California Gully Mechaniss' Institute was held on Tuesday evening last. There were present- Messrs. Hicks, (president) in the chair, Kidd, Voale, Knuckcy, Temby, Truscott, Roach and the hon. secretary. An apology was roceived and acceptod from Mr. O. R. Owen. Accounts amounting to £17 17s 8d were passed as follow :-Watts, Gas Company; caretaker, Phillips; firewood, Manly and Co. It \yas resolved that a lettor of congratulation be sent to ilr, W. W. Froggat, on his appointment to tho position of assistant naturalist to tho ex pedition to New Guinea. It was resolved that tho secretary write to the town clerk, and ask him to replace the trees that died last year within the grounds of the institute. A vote of thanks to tho chairman brought the meeting to a close. Crr," COUNCIL.-Tho finance committoo met yes terday. Brep.spt: The Mayor, and Crs. Joseph, M'Gotoan, Bailefl, Hayes, Ilarkness, Connelly and Bayne. The finance report for tho week ending 24th July was laid on tho table arid toad as follows No. 4 account.-Cr. Paid into bank, £208 8s 5d; Bank balance-Cr. £1,800 5s 6d. 'Deposit account No. G- JDeposits in bank, £51G 5s. Loan account -Iri"ban£, ££,7;?7 l(is lOd. Deposits in bank, £17G 103. The following tendptp were recom mended for acceptance:-Road forroatjuB, Pffce street; J. O'Loghlon, £9 7s 6d. Formation ia Palmerston-street, J. O'Loghlen, £10 I7b Gd. Roa'd formation, Hopper-street; P. Fox, £3 7s. Filling and forming foatpat!i, lvI'pnie;,street; Fox, £U 7s. The application of P. Coniyay fpp a. rpdnptjon of rent for the abattoirs, and tlje report thereon by tho cattle yards' inspector iwre considered. The councillors were unanimous as to the justice of the request, but differed in opinion as to the best courso to follow in regard to it. AH a contract existed between Ui>mvay anii the council, it was held that it would be illegal to reduce the rent. The Mayor suggested that the amount of the rent leas 10s should be received from Conway at present with a view to further consideration of the subject bub-e quently. Cr. Harkness was of vpiniun that it would be beat to cancel the contract, and call for fresh tenders. All the councillors having spjken on the subject, and Cr. Connelly having offered remarks on the legal aspect of the question, it was resolved to defer the consideration of the matter for a fortnight. The committee then adjourned. GOLD IN THE DEEP GROUND.-During thepjst two or three years the developments in several dee]) ininea in this district have been of so unmis talceable a character as to remove the doubts of the most scnptic.il with regard to the value of reefs in the deep ground. The grand yield of 11 ozs per ton from the "Victoria Quartz workings atl.TiiO feet last week was only another proof added to al ready indisputable testimony. Yesterday, how-, ever, the best show yet obtained at such a depth, was obtained by the same company, tho stone broken in tho 1,700 feet lovel being regularly 3tudded with gold. Such facts speak for them selves. A Sroivr.s' GROUND.-A meeting of tho com mittee of the proposed sports' ground, and others interested,Were held at the Beehive Exchange lust evening. Mr. J. Ingram was voted to the chair; and there were about a dozen gentlemen present on behalf of the Sandhurst Football Association, I'.endigo Football Club, Caledonian Society, In dependent Order or Oddfellows, II.A.C.B. Society, Engine-drivers, Eight Hours Demon stration Committee, and others. The chairman explained that the object of the meeting was to try and get a sports' ground in a central site in the city. As they were all aware, they had from time to time during the last eight or nine months been endeavouring to induce the City Council to have the upper reserve converted into a sports' ground. That august body had promised to' comply with the request butabouta month ago they had thrown them over, and notified their intention of making the Show yards into a sports' ground. It was for that meet ing to decide what steps should be taken in the matter. Mr. J. Andrew said that there were two courses open to them, either to get up a petition to the Council, or elso hold a public meeting. He considered tho former suggestion tho better oue, and would therefore move-" That a petition be presented to the City Council asking them to have the Upper Reserve made into a sports' ground." As there wuuld be some expense in getting out tlio petition, he would willingly give £1 Is towards it. Mr. 0. Morgan, in seconding the motion, also promised £1 Is towards the same object. Messrs. D. Patterson, D. Munro, P. Moriarty and Cliff supported tho motion, which was carried unani mously. Mr. Andrew moved-"That Mr. Phil lips, the secretary, be entrusted with the getting up of the petition, and that he ba empowered to incur any reasonable expense in doing so." Sir. Munro seconded the motion, which was also uuanimously agreed to. Several of the speakers were very warm in their remarks in reference tJ tho action of tlio council in the matter, and it was decided that the petition Bhould, if possible, be presented at tho meeting of the council next Fri day. The meeting closed with a vote of thankB to the chair. BENDIGO BENEVOLENT ASYLDII.-1The weekly committee mot at 3.30 p.m. Present-The prea dent, (Mr. S. Herman) in the chair, Messrs. E. W. ICirby, J. D. Crofts, and the hon. sec. (Mr. H. Birch). Mr. E. W. Kirby introduced Mr. AV. Fairc'.ough, the newly-appointed member of the committee, who was welcomed by the members present, and took his Beat at the tablo. Forty applicants were awarded aid by orders on stores, and 17in kind from the institution. Aid in one case was discontinued; two old people were awarded a pair of blankets each. Reports were received from hon. medical officer, superintendent and Ladies' Committee, Lying-in-Hospital. Tho numbers in tho house are 115 males; 27 females; total 1-12. The number of outdoor cases relieved for the week was 254. LONG GULLY BIBLE CHRISTIAN SCHOOL.-The building fund of the Bible Christian Sabbath school, Iiong Gully, is being greatly replenished by the bazaar now held. It is anticipated that the net procesds will reach fully £100. Tho building is crowded every night, and the utmost cordiality is displayed. To- night at ten o'clock tho bazaar will be closed and as tho remaining goods are to be olfered at remarkably low prices, no doubt, but th<3 lady stall holders ^ ill be kept very busy. TIIE DKNILIQUIN SHOW.-In addition to the ex hibits of the Pickles' Manufacturing Company at this show, we loirn that Messrs. ICuight Bros sent a large collection of plants "and shrubs, which wore very much admired. Tho prizes taken by Messrs, Pickles are as follow:-Pha;ton or family waggon, 1 and 2; express waggon, 1; sliding seat buggy, 1; double-seated buggy, 1; single- seated no top buggy, 1; single-seated top buggy, 1; cance front waggonette, 1; single-soated canvas top buggy without paint, putty or varnish, 1. CONGREGATIONAL CIICRCH.-We notice that the Rev. S. I. Greon gives one of his interesting special sermons to young people to-morrow evening, and judging bv the favor with which former ones have been received, there will, no doubt, be a treat in store for his hearers. LICENSING BKNCH.-A transfer of the license of the Essex hotel, Williamson- street, from Morris Cook to Henry Fuller was granted by Mr. Webster at the Licensing Court on Thursday. MINISTERS' ASSOCIATION*.-A meeting was held at the Congregational Church vestry on Thurs day morning. There was a fair attendance. One of the ministers was appointed to represent the association at the conference re tho Bible in State schools, to be held at the Assembly Hall, Mel bourne, on the -1th of August. The new Licensing Bill was discussed, and the following resolution was agreed to-"That this meeting, while not accepting the bill in its entirety, concurs with its vital principles, and will cordially give it a general support. Tho secretary, tho Rev. ,T. L. Green, was appointed to represent the association at the meeting last evening. CITY COURT.—Messrs. Andrews and K. Van Damme, Js.P., presided at this court yesterday. One drunkard was discharged, it being his first appearance. A woman named C. Houghton, charged with lunacy was remanded for a week. A boy named Jimmy Ah Chow was charged with having broken into the residence of Ack Goon in Bridge-street on the night of the 19th instant, and stolen therefrom some opium, a penknife, copper and silver, and ornaments. Ack Goon, Ah Hoe, of Castlemaine, and Constable Robbins, of Mary- borough, who arrested prisoner, gave evidence. The bench sentenced the lad to three months' imprisonment with hard labor. Three debt cases were struck out, and the court adjourned. ANNUAL CONCERT AND DANCE.-Tho Long Gully Fire Brigade intend holding their annual concert and dance in the Oddfellows' Hall, Long Gully, on Monday evening. Among the vocalists who will tako part are Misses Nash, Higgie, and Coyle, and Messrs. J. Ripper, Pickup, W.Bradley, and others of equal repute. The mayor will take the chair, and Mr. H. Monaghan will act as accompanist. An efficient Btring band and M.C. have been secured for the dance, which commences at 10.30 p.m. Tickets for tho affair are going off rapidly and a good attendance is anticipated. SALE oi' NURSERY STOCK.-Attention is called to the sale of a magnificent collection of trees and pot plants at the rooms of Messrs Andrew and Co, at 2 o'clock this day. Taking it all through, it is the largest and best wo have seen. The pot plants in flower include many choice varieties, and thore are hundreds of oranges and camellias, fruit trees, etc. SOIREE MUSICALE.-Wo have received a pro gramme of tho Soiree Musicale, which is to be held on Monday night in All Saints' school room. Tho items are of more than ordinary interest. The Misses Charlton, Miss May Walker and Miss Bayno perform two pianoforte works for eight hands, and Mr. C. H. King visits this city to pliy a violin, and also a pianoforto solo. Mr. C. H. Richards, Mr. E. Andrews, and Mr. H. J. King will introduce-for tho first timo in Sandhurst Mendelssohn's groat C Minor Trio for violin, viulincello and pianoforte, and in conjunction with Miss Abbott (at the organ), will also play the Adagio from Mendelssohn's 3rd symphony. Tho vocal numborB will be contributed by Mrs. King, Miss Charlton. Miss Jackson, and Messrs. Tawse. i.uisa L/ijuribuu, ivuss uauKSuu, uuu iiius.src}. xawae, Pallett, Jackson and Matchett, CoxoEriT AT STBATHFIELDSATE.-Another very pleasant evening was spent at tho Shire Hall on Wednesday last (writes a correspondent) in con nection with tho Church of England. After ,1 stirring voluntary by the organist, Mr. H. Rundle, t.he beautiful unthein "Incline thy Ear," ,vas ren dered very efficiently by tho choir. The Ven. Archdeacon MucCullagh then gave a nioet instruc tive and amusing lecturo on "Russia find its people," which the audience by their attentionand frequent applause seemed thoroughly to appre ciate. ' Thero wn.re also a number of songs and recitations givon by different ladies from Sandhurst and tho district. ^ Miss M. Jackson's recitation "The Old Folk," was a great treat, for which she was deservedly encored. Miss Amy Bush sang, " I love tho merry sunshine" with great taste, and we hope it will not be tho last time she will favor our concerts with her pleasing voice. Misses Roberts and Holmes also gave songs and recita tions in good style. A hearty vote of thanks was then moved with acclamation to the Archdeacon, and a hope expressed that both he and tho ladies would soon favor Strathfieldsaya with another visit. SANDHURST MUSEUM.-Several valuable speci mens have bean lately added to the museum of the School of Mines. Among the mo3t important are an oagle-hawk and night heron, mounted by Mr. H, Newman, who has also presented a fine stuffed and mounted red-necked avocet. Mr. Washing ton lias prepared and' mounted with groat skill a \ family of flying-squirrols and a specimon of the littlo swamp eagle; and has likewise presented two spur- winged plovers. Mr. Robert Jackson has sent two Be.vhorses, whales' teeth, and othor objects of natural history as well as mineral speci mens. _ Mr. G. R. B. Steane has contributed aragonito, zeolites, and analcime in volcanic rocks from tho Richmond quarries near Melbourne. Dr. MacGillivray has presented several highly inte resting specimens of tho fauna of Victoria, and from lira. M. Montfort have been received a fine specimen of carbonate of copper from tho Burra liurra mines, South. Australia, and fine samples of banded carbonate of lime from tho amygdaloidal locks of Sunbury. Visitors will be shown any or all of these specimens on applying tb tho director or tb the attendant in the.museum. " LilllOJ BERTIE."--On Monday noxt an enter tainment will bo given by tho Garrick Club, assisted by numerous well-known amateurs at St. j James' Hall, for tho benefit of Little Bertie, a well-known juvenile amateur. The object of the boncfit is to'enablo him to prosecute his musical studies; as tho youthful benoficiaro has given ovi donco of possessing great'taleht, it i& to be hoped that his friends will tally round-him and give him a bumper. The performance will consist of the celebrated comedy of the "Unfinished Gentleman," and a (jrr.nd concert. ' WAEDEN'a CCDP.T. - Mr. Y7arden Webster, P.M.,'presided bit'this court yesterday,' !md re commended that the following applications be granted:-H. Von der Heyde, for tho Eureka Extended Company, fqr a lease at Golden-squre; J G, 'WeaQfilli for a le$6P qt Carahalton teefj B. % iJ'GnW&vj;, {or tt)9 Npfil} OM OhHW, for f lease at New Chum Reef; Henry Buldfc, for lease at Don and Vine streets; and K. Pringle, for tho Little Chum G.M. Company, fur a lease at New Chum. The court then'adjourned. THE FATE OF GEXEKAL GOHDO.n*.-A Paris paper publishes the following telegram, dated Cairo, 9th Juue:-" An Israelite, who has arrived from Khartonm, says that General Gordon, M. Abongathas, a Greek merchant, two Turkish cavas3es, and a servant of the General, left Khar toum before the entry of the rebels. He asserts that neither their dead bodies, their clothes, nor their papers have been found." An extract from a private letter received from Captain H. AY. Lovett, who was serving with tho troops in Egypt, and dated 23th Ma)*, mentions an interview which tho writer had with one of Gordon'^ Egyptian soldiers, who says he actually saw Gordon's death. Ho states that when the Mahdi's people were all in the town, Gordon ran down to tho river, probably intending to push off in a boat, but he was caught by several of tho Arabs who told him ho nuist acknowledge the Mahdi, or be killed. On his refusal, they killed him with their swords, and his head was stuck up in tho streets for five days, each Arab as he passed pulling a bit of hair out, aud spitting in his face. All the women and children were spared aud kept for slaves, and the only people who were killed were two Egyptian regiments, aud one regiment of Soudanese who opposed the entrance of the Arabs. This man and the remaining soldiers seeing that the game was up took no active part, and conse quently were not killed. They had all been starving in Khartoum, and after they had finished all the horses aud donkeys, Gordon used to give them gum and the insiilo of palm trees to chew. Thero was an evident ring of truth about the man who stood to attention as near as ho could, being bent nearly double from his hardships, and as thin as a rail. Besides he could have no object in lying and would not tell any story of it, but only answer questions. BEXDIGO SHAKESPEAHE SOCIETY.-The usual monthly meeting of this society will be held on Monday the 27th, in the committee-room of the Mechanics' Institute. A largo attendance of members is expected, and the presence of ladies will no doubt bo welcome. The society has already begun to enrol ladies as members, and it is hoped that their number will soon be largely increased. The programme for Monday is varied and interest ing. The reading of "Julius Coasar" will bo con tinued, tho special parts being Acts III and V. Mr. W. Davie3 will read a short paper on " Some of Shakespeare's Ghosts," and Mr. Oliphant another upon "Shakespeare's estimate of Julius Ctesar." This will be followed by a discussion, both upon the play and the papers. CART ACCIDENT.-An accident happened on Thursday morniug to a man named Jas. Hawkins, 63 years of age. Hawkins, who lives at the Cam paspe, wa3 coming into Sandhurst in aspringcart, and when in the vicinity of Sandy Creek owing to the bad state of the road, had to branch off. Whilst doing so one of the wheels came in contact with a stump, throwing him out, causing a' severe bruise on the left hip. He managed to get into the cart again, and came into town, where he was attended to by Dr. James Eadie, of the Medical Institute. A BOLT.-Late on Thursday evening a. bolt occurred at Iro&bark;, which fortunately wa3 unattended *vith serious results. A milk cart was coming down the hill near the Garden Gully United mine, when the horse took fright and galloped off. The young man stuck pluckiiy to tho animal, but when endeavoring to turn up View street hill one of the wheels came in contact with a tree guard. The driver was thrown out, but was unhurt. The milk cans were also jerked out, ami the milk spilled, whilst some damage was done to the cart. BAPTIST CHURCH, HARGREAYES-STEEET.-Miss Arnold, of the Fureedpore Mission, is announced to deliver addresses at this church to-morrow, morning, afternoon,;and evening. Collectings will bo made towards the Zemin, branch of the Mia mensing Mission. VOLUNTEER MILITIA.-Last evening themembers of B company of infantry turned out strong for drill, between eighty and ninety being present. Before leaving the orderly-room the men were told off into squads under their respective sergeants. They wero then marched to the Upper Reserve and drilled by Captain Dyason in company and battalion movements, and also in cxtendeu order. With a few exceptions, the positions they occupied being new to many of those present, they acquitted themselves verf well indeed, displaying consider able. smartness during the various formations. Of course it cannot be expected that they would be thoroughly well up to the work considering it was the first time many of them drilled with their com pany: but, in the course of a month or two, the Sandhurst detachment should prove itself an efficient body of men. It is intended, after the first of the next month, to hold parades of the detachment each Wednesday, only allowing those whose calling will not permit attendance on that day to meet on Saturday. ROTAL PRINCESS THEATRE.-'The performance of "Eccentricity" by the Rickards- Leeto Com pany was repeated at the theatre last evening with the same success which has attended its previous representations. Mr. Harry Richards was especi ally amusing in the various songs and character sketches which he essayed, and the other members of tho company were highly successful in their efforts. Tho performance by the artist, Mr. Edgar Austin, evoked hearty applause, and the sketchos of Mr. G. A. Coleman, Mr. J. P. Mot teram, Bismarck, Gladstone, Be consticld, and Gordon were received with much applause. The performance willba repeated this evening. MARRIAGE ok A YOUNG BENPICJONIAN.-On Thursday at Rupanyup, Mr. .Tames A. Brown, shire engineer for JJunmunkle, and son of Mr. James Brown who was for many years connected with the Water Supply Department in this city, was united in marriage to Miss Duncan, daughter of the presidnnt of the Dunmunkle Shire Council. The marriage ceremony was performed by the Rav. Mr. Cameron, of Kupmyup. Air. James Brown, senr., who is at present manager of tho Mount Cameron Hydraulic Company, Tasmania, was present-at the wedding, and arrived in Sand hurst last evening, on a visit to his numerous friends. NATIONAL IRRIGATION TRAIN.-Intending ex cursionists by tho tram on Thursday next are re minded that tickets must be procured not later than Monday next, on which date the salo will be stopped. A large number of tickets have been disposed of. MR. T. D. TAYLOR.-It will bo generally learned with regret that Mr T. D. Taylor, the popular draper, is about to sever his connection with Sandhurst, with a view to starting business elsewhere, probably in Melbourne. Mr Taylor has been in business in this city for eleven years, and during that time has earned tho respect and good will of a wide circle of friends. He has been associated with many public movements, and for some time has occupied a seat at tho Hospital Board. Having been a generally useful citizen, his removal from the district is sure to be much felt. In view of his departure a monster sale will be oponed to-day at the Corner House, Pall Mall, and as very extensive reductions have been made in the prices of tho stock, there should be a good opportunity for excollent bargains. BOARD OF ADVICE ELECTION.-Mr. Henry S. Webb has been elected unopposed to tho seat on the Board of Advice, rendered vacant by the re signation of Mr. Turner. ST. MARK'S CHURCH OF ENGLAND.-To-morrow the anniversary of this church will be celebrated. The Rov. A. M'Culiy, M.A., L.L.B., will hold the morning servico, the Rev. J, Garlick, the afternoon, and the Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh the evening service. Holy Communion will be celebrated afterwards. SERIOUS ACCIDENT TO Mr. HOWARD VERNON. The Sal arjt S'.ar says:-A most unfortunato acci dent occurred to Mr. Howard Vernon during the performance of " Rip Van Winklo" at the Academy of Music by Cunning's Opera Company on Thursday evening. In the scene in the Catskill mountains, in which tho spectral crow of Hendrik Hudson appear, the unlooked for accident took place. One of tho figures here appears suddenly through a trap door on the right of the stage, and one on the other side. Tho former apparition rose right enough, and Mr. Vernon was so intont on his part that in moving to tho opposite cud of tho stago, ho did not notice that tho sccond fixture was rather late, and that the trap door was open before him. His fout went into the open trap, and he fell heavily on his si(!o against the edg-.i of the boards. Mr Vernon staggered to his feet, and across the stage, and though ho fell at tbs feet of the astonished apparition, very few people in the building were aware that any accident had hap pened Ho was carried oft the stage, and the cur tain dropped on the scene for a moment, and Mr Dean coming forward asked whether there were any doctors in tho theatre. For tunately Dr3. Bradford and Eastwood wero in tho houso at the time, and at once attended to the sufferer. An examination showed that three of his rib3 had been broken by tho fall. Mr. A'ernon was unable to come on again in tho piece, and was removed to his room at the Club Hotel. Tho opera was gone on with, after an unavoidable interval, from the point at which the accident occurred, Mr. T. B. Appleby taking tho part of Rip Van Winkle. Mr. Vernon has made himself a general favorite here during this and previous visits, and general regret and sympathy wero expressed. Although he was in great pain ho was progressing as woll as could be expected. Mr. Vernon's parts will be taken by Mr. Appleby during tho season. SCOTT'S EMULSION OF PURE COD LITER OIL WITH HYPOPHOSPHITES is prescribed hv physicians all over the world. It is a remarkable remedy for consumption, scrofula, and wasting diseases, and very palatable, and easily digostecl. Any chomist can supply it at as.-[ADYT]. WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS tho greatest stimulant and ' tonic in the world. Beware of imitations. |advt] A mistake appeared in our issue of yesterday, iu re fcrenco to tho name of the baud wbicli supplied music at the Tanz Krautzschcn on Thursday evening last, at tho Masonic Hal}. It was liutler's String Baud that performed, and Mr. Bockeluian is tlie pianist for that band. We have received from Mr. A. J. Smith, jtrn., Pall Mall, a copy of Mr. Jas. Kingston's " Australian Abroad." The book is published by Messrs. "Win, InTlis and Co., Flinders Lane, Melbourne, and is a cheaper edition than its predecessor, -.virile it contains all the illustrations, aud the same text. "We have received from Mr. M. L. Hutchinson, the well-known bookseller nnd stationer, of Collins-street "West, Melbourne, a box of superior pens which beir his name, and which he states have been made ex pressly for this colony. They are of line steel, very flexible and durable, aud write very smoothly. They are known ns '* The Victoria Pon." Mr. Charles II. Head announces liis intcntiou to ajain offer himself at the election for the Strathiield saye Itidinsof the Shire of Strathfieldsaye. The London and American Tailoring Company, of MitchellJstreet.-anndunce that it is not correct"that Mr. ,T. .F,1 Lewis lias. secured tho EerviCes of Mr. J: M'Ginley, tliat gentleman being still at the head of tho cutting department of the company's 'business. They aro just in receipt of woollens/comprising all the latest novelties in English, Scotch, aud Continental tweeds. Messrs. Craijf, Williamson, and Thomas, importers and carpet-Warehousemen' of Elizabeth-street, 'Mel-, bourne, announce for the iuforiua'ioa of visitors' to Mc! bourn e'thai pieirhouVs of 'business are from 9 a.m." tq ii p.iij, ei'contin's Sati(rdnys,'when the warehouses axe closed at one p'cloclc. Persons about furnishing are roquested to inspect the stock, . . ' Messrs. tj. H. Hqbson nud Co. will cantiuno the salo I St lijjia ijcrja^a, Pull JInU, tq.aoy, ! 