MELBOURNE DRAM AT3C C0MPANY. On Wednesday evening & performance will take place in the Albert Hail, the use of which has been' riven free, for the benefit of the members of the Melbourne Dramatic Company, who lost SO severely in the fire at the Academy of Mu^c. Bignor Squarise has tendered the assistance of his band, and an attractive programme is beim? prepared. CoSCBKT AT 'THE CbUSADKRS' HaT.I..— nother <& a aeri^of free concerts was given n the Crusaders' Hail on Saturday, evening, anuary 3. The iRev. A. nd the hall was crowded, bserved that the audience were not likely to e aonoyedi as they had teen oh the previous aturday, by young men vrho came for the nrpqse of causing distdrbaiiceC Of late there ad been a succession of disagreeable inide&ta; of the kind, and he had resolved to efuse entrance to any of the persons he had eferred to. It had heen intimated to him that they were .sent there for the purpose. On the previous evening, daring the Holiness MeetingAthe scene outside the hall under the eyes ni the police was very disgraceful. He was8orry that he had ifa any _way to censure the'police for not doing their duty, and he hoped no cans? would be given for complaint 'in future. The entertainment opened with recited " Young Lochinvar," «e» long poem of his. own entitled "The ash Fire; 5 Mtv Myres contributed two Bolos. Another gentleman recited " Mary's Ghost/' and a few songs fdlow$4 ia' ^dditioa to a solo-on the cornet and selections by the band. Mr. Tumbull remarked that more than half the persons who had promised to help that evening had sent at the last moment to eay that they cpgld got cotgg, THE LOCOMOTIVE BAND.—The band which has been in e^stence about six months in connection with the Locomotive Departments, South Australian Railways, seretttided the Locomotive Engineer and his assistant on New Year's Eve at Woodvflle, After contadbuting some enjoyable music they were hospitably entertained by both gentlemen, when. Sr pleasant time was spent, and mutual good wishes .were expressed on all •ides. -The band da this occasion were the recipients of a cheque for $25 from Mr. Edward Jefirys, C.&, Manager of the Lowmoot ^IttkfcWorks, England. The band now nnmbera forty, and tne members have provided their.own' instruments at a cost of £340. The Bandmaster, Mr. Woraley, returned thanks lor the generous gift. : "CHINA AND THE CHUTESE."—On Saturday evening, January 3, in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Gawler-place, Air, E. Sawtell exhibited a number of oxyhydrogen views illustrative ;of China and the Chinese. A very large number of persons were present, and appeared well pleased^ • STEPKET OVAL SPORTS. —r On Saturday evening the prizes were distributed to the successful winners at; the athletic gathering held at the Stepney Oval on New Year's Day by Mr. Peck,.the promoter. *The athletes present referred favourably to Mr. Peck's liberality in offering so many cash prizes, and protested against tne gift of " plated pots." Champagne was indulged in and several toasts were honoured. A vote of thanks was passed to the promoter. 