MEKS. *? Native has from ehildhooa been inspired vrithapoetid. reverence for Five Dofik and its name, and would be Borrj-J to see it changed to 'Smith,' ' Button,' or anything else, j The name was derived from the five pretty little dooke orf Days into which the point was divided. ' ' ''', One hundred and two persons residing in Mnrrnruaat desire to ha-ve their district incorporated. The proposed; municipal district of Murrurundi contains 1160 acres w»4r 800 people. -? i Sixty-two electors of East St. Leonards desire that -&»f borough shall be divided into three wards. The copula-! tion of the municipalitv is about 2000 iT ? The petition of the Mayor and aldermen of AlesxnArW that that borough may be divided into four waids iusteftdl of three as at present, has been gazetted. It ia proposal to call the new ward Beaconsfield Ward. -?' The population of the municipal district of Invereiyis] about 1500, audit is considered that the interests of fthe ratepayers will be better served with nine aldermen flhan :- with six. A petition has* therefore been gazetted, praiinjr. that the municipality may be divided into three warS.' The petition of 139 residents in Bowr&L; pravinrithatr their locality may be erected into a municipahtv has feecga'i gazetted, a he area of the proposed municipal- dufidcki sffii s* EquExe mues' and there are n42?iF^ One hundred and forty-one residents of Murr__3l aw! opposed to the incorporation of that district, anuA&v;«t«r- warded a petition to that effect The streete, theAastert, have always received fair attention from the departanant ! and are m good condition, and they say that in the TefeenV of incorporation the taxation would be oppressive V' One hundred and tweuty-one electors of East fit., ? Leonards do not consider that the interests of thebosougfej . would be served by the division into three wards, tad' petrtKHi that this may not be carried into effect. ' .Cne population of Penritn is about 2600, and the Mayor and aldermen petition that it may be divided into three : waros, to be called Mulgoa Ward, Penrith Ward, and' Castlereagh Ward. . : ™l^ne^t&'~Uaad£ick Co™051 granted its wort.;, men two holidays at Christmas, but without t)ar. On Tuesday night one of tlie aldermen suggested that ea' Saturday was a half holiday (for which a whole dart *WT ' would be stopped) the men should knock off at 1 oVSodtonJ Thursday with payment. This was agreed to. i ihe Leichhardt Eatepayers' Association resolved dbitat meeting on Monday last to congratulate their Jtfayor (Alderman John Young) on his election to the chief mSris«: tracy of the city of Sydney. ^^ The Leichhardt Eatepayers' Association object* to th» roada being blocked up t-y the huge pipes for the perma- 1 nent water supply; and Er. Hawthorn, M.L.A.. has beea requested to ask the Minister of Works whether any etetw have been taken to shift them. : On the reading of a Government document at the Netr-, town Council last night, Alderman Gibbes asked ' what jackaes Bigned that letter ?' - '. r™^n!Oa-SrGi.K?8 i^ crelted a ™id in the Newtown, tofiUtte bfeacK 6 ' a° enerSetip local %n*e.'is ansfeu? Mayor Smith, of Newtown, thinks there ia a s?reat deal of the ghost about the typhoid scare. Possibly if his '. Worship should have the misfortune to come within the- : grasp of this shadowy demon, he will find that im W grappling with a substance. 