CHAPTER IiSVI. THE WHITE-FACED LADY. J "* have aot p.een Aiiis for some ame • " Lord Cii:eda'c of E ;se Derwen?. And the answer was, " No." He had made ail ;he sibivh possible ia London ior his youeg "vrifo, but could get no ■ Xi incs of htr. Fi.cy ^eaiernbcred hsi' a' the Londoa Bridge Haiti; &nd; Patty, the Is ir.aiy chaiabcr-Hiajd, ween she heard of inquiries being made about a young lady, told &% cnee all that ehe ha.'] thought aad suspected. Lord Carsdale i.Rlfce/1 to hc-r hiraself. and described Aiiie ex&etiy; to her. That is The ladv !" cried the girl. " And you have no idea wh ere sho ^~eni askea Lor<i Carsda'e. " She msatioiied ro town, no place?" " No," replied the chambc-r-isaid, " noa?." So there his clew end*d. Naturally enough hi3 next visit was to Iti-lc-swa!!, to ste if Aiiie bad reached hGm?. This time he was eo en greyed with anxiety that he quite forgot to note that which bsicrehaud hsd so disgusted iiid—the call street, the gloomy hou-ie, the evidence of poverty. He though only oi Had ing Aiiie, asd atoning to her for what she suffered ; her heroism hsd been eo great that, ia his eyes, it enaoWed even the,most cani moa-place surroundings. As a matter of coarse, the whole family were astonished to see him, and Btii'l mere astounded at what he had to tell t-hsrn; for he would have no more concealment. and, tsendiag for tha dancing-master and his as tonished wife, he told the truth about his name, hi'3 title, aud position. "At the ssme time," he said, " I zauet tell yon quite fairly that- my marriage cuts me off flotirc-Iy from my f&aiiiy; forever. Ii has b;en kept a secret from them all these year* : now they kuow it, and I have bidden them larsweii forever." J'jhn Derv;ent and his wife were both over come. "To think,'" saii John," thai aieha thing shcjla Happen/' "To tnirsk," cried Mrs. Derwest, "that ray daughter should ha a lady of title." They were both speechless after that one remark. " Of course," ecntinvied Lotd Carednle, " now that my marriage is known, I should like to see ycu ia a diff-reat position. I have influential friends, and I do sot doubt in the least but that I cst procure for you some little office under government, besides which I will F.ettle a yearly income ca you more taan equivalent to that which you now earn. I shall nave to trust to vour good sense entirely never to mention lay family or speak of them in any way, as ii would lead to more harm than good." 4shrs Darkens and hie wife were both over whelmed—tney could say nothing. Then he made isquiries about Fiank, and learned that he gave promise, some day or oiber, of being ! " I consider Frank's fortune made, sir," said John Dsrwent, gratefully; " and I have you tc thask for it eiy lord—no on-j else." Then Lord Cavscsle had to listen to the story of Ease's engagement to the youn^ curate; and, looking at the girl's sweet face, he cm not wonder at her marrying well. Then Hetiie looked up at him with one of her frank, strange smiles. "I am not one of the genteel members cf the family," she said, "and I am not pro vided for, bat I teli you one thing, LordCirs aale, I would not marry a lord, as poor Ailic has done, without he loved me better than ycu loved her." " You are right, Hettie. I do not excuse myselr, but I will atone ia the future for the errors of the past." He would not alarm Ibesi by telling them that he had so completely lost &11 trace of A.ilie; be let them believe there had been some mistake about their travelling. He found from his inquiries that none cs£ thorn had any ides, oi Ailie'j whereabouts. He went s-wiy as eoon as he eouki, having but the one idea of finding her. , The surprise, the wonder, the bewn^rment taat fell upon that little household 1 Aiiie their beautiful Aiiie, had married a loidl' Mrs. Derwent rocked herself pathetically to and Irq, wiping the great tears from her eye?. I always said tuat A:Jie was ncJ common ;-:iad cf g;rl," the g&iJ;, " bat none would be lieve me." The dsneisg-mafcterl coked at his fiddle. '• You and I part now," he said; " bat you have been a true friend to me." The secret wa3 i.-aparted, under all possible vows of secrecy, to the curate, who Menial]? congratulated himself on having made a good match. Vizicos 01 3 good living, presented to him by his bvoihat-in-Iaw, Lord C&rsdale;, floated atro;s his ir-inu. lathe Koantiiue, Lord Car;aale himsdf was quite it a losa where to look. It was ^ondti'Iul how on,= iihiiion after another drew him from place to place. Sjtnetirues ii was the story cf a kdy i-jtxnd drowned in th*> depths of Eoiue hwift, deep river; again i^ was the fceefy of a lady washad ashore ; i^ was Bn unl-nown lady killed ia a railway" aec.asnt; or it w?.s the history of a mvster ious death. Wherever he heard or" read g oi the kicd, he went at once; but, living nor dead, could he fiad aav trace of Aiiie. It was a raiiwiy accident that drew his attention to l^ernbiy—an exeurcion train had corna ia collision with a heavy goods train, the result of which was the death' of some twenty pssEengers and the injury of some twenty others. Ii was nobodv's fault quite an s.ccident, the servants of" the com pany declared— 12c that do faumaa Intelli geiice could have forseen. Among the list of of the dead came a description of a lady un, known. She was described as very beauti ful, with long golden hair ; and when Lord Carsdale read it, his heart grew faint. He forget how many beautiful women with gol den hair there are in tha world, and he went direct to P-embay. It was cot Ailic. B2101-3 he reached there the golden-haired lady had been recognized by a husband, who was driven mad by Sen untiaiely death, Stili, Lord CarsdSIe resolved upon staying there; it was a pretty place, and he hsd a pleasant memory of the oue happy day that he had spe^it with AUie there. He went to the same hotel where she had been so full c-i pretty, innocent wonder and surprise. They'did not recognize him there. Later on that evening he walked down to the beac-'n; it was a curious place—quaint old-fashioned, and, at times, very solitary. He walked past the pier, where the band was " discoursing eloquent music," down by the cliffs, and stood there looking at ca old, ruined jetty that ran out into the sea. It was a quiet, desolate place; there was no sound of music, no gay promsnaders, no children at play. There lay the blue sea ; the white cliffs sloped down to it, and from the shingle the black, ruined jetty ran cut far and wide into the sea. Such a quaint, gcli tary scene had not met his eyes for years. He stood watching it, wondering how that old jetty would look under a darkeaicg elry, with great, dsrk waves leaping ever it; and as he so stood, tbare came to him an old coast-guard, who touched his cap and began to tali:. b That jetty, he said, had been for years and years out of repair; it was never used now. In times long past, queens and kings had landed on it; but now it was given up to a ghost. (To be continued.') 