AOTA. POPULI. By the Flanettb. Our A gent-General's literary chef d'eouore, tho Handbook of Australia, has just bten knocked silly, so to sx)eak, by tho appearance of a neatly printed, handsomely bound volume just fresh from the Government Printer's hands, and bear ing the absurdly modest title of ' Rules for the General Government and Discipline of the Mem bers of the Police Force of New South Wales.' Simply that, and nothing more. This book posi tively bristles with humour, and as a cure for dyspepsia it is equal to a wholo hogshead, of Hamburg tea on the full boil. Seizing one little joke at random, I read that — ' In cases of actual breaches of the peace, or riots, affrays, assaults, and the like committed within the view of tho constable, he should im mediately interfere (first giving public notice of? hi3 office, if he be not already known), separate the combatants, and prevent others from joining in the affray/' How tho constable ic to prove that ho io already known to the offondorc., or what he ic to do in case a chosen band of Blask-reds or Pyrmonfc Prowlers turn round and cave in his head with an axe bof oro he lias time to assure them that his inten tions are strictly honourable, is not stated : but doubtless tho author of tho boolc believes in the principle of leaving a little to his reader's imagina tion. This, howover, in only a trivial matter, especially to our picnic rioters, but tho next clause in a bit of a startlor as it says : ' A constable in tho execution of hia duty, either on a civil or a criminal case, can kill a per son who assaults and resists him — that is, he may repel force by force, and will be justified if death should ensue in the struggle.' What is meant by repelling ' force by force ' is just about as clear as mud, or one of Senator Luscombe's Protection orations ; but the most natural inference is that the policeman, being the jhaHengor, must fight with v/hatever weapons his apponont may select. Ifs for oxamplo, tho Water Loo warrior defends himself with a bar ol soap, or bho jawbone of an ass, or Mudgeo Taylor' c Iron Hand, tho eonctable ia bound to reply with a similar weapon, and if this reading io correct, 3very member of tho force will be compelled to tramp his beat in company with an old curiosity shop on wheels. The crowning part of all come3 in, however, in % wonderfully astute paragraph which reads : ' It is only in the apprehension or detention of Colons that a constable would be justified in pro seeding to extremities.' And again : ' In order to make the resort to firearms justifiable, thoro must be an apparent necessity to which lie must be re duced in arresting or detaining the felon.' In plain English, this simply means that a con stable may lawfully blow a Government road through tho body of an ' obstropolous' old Johnny Warder whom he has surrounded in tho diabolical act of annexing a saveloy, because that ia a felony; but if lie happens to accidentally stumble into a second Bondi battle he has no right to fire at any of his hilarious opponents, even to save his life, because kicking up a bobbery or dancing the Lancers on a poliee man's ribs is only ' wholesome fun,' and in law is reckoned as a misdemeanour. Taking1 one con sideration with another, a policeman's lot is now a harder one than ever, for the most dangerous weapon that could be placed in a larrikin's Band is the very book in question. Many of our lords of the road and terrors of the way are as Avell skilled in the art of legal hair- splitting aa the oldest and smartest practitioners our police courts can boast of, and no end of fun is antici pated when a Pyrmont prowler or a Surry Hills snorter toes the line to answer to a charge of ' ' sault and battery,' and proceeds to crumple up the unlucky stipendiary presiding with double edged quotations from the fearfully learned work just issued. Job's ardent wish has been granted to the hoodleums here, for their enemy has ' written a book,' and now they'll bind it round his head with chunks of blue metal and downthe harbour saplings. ' What is truth ?' asked Pilate in a jesting mood, and then, as if satisfied that he had pro pounded an unanswerable conundrum, he turned on his heel and paid no further attention to the subject. Our friend Mr. Demosthenes Roberta must have been in a somewhat similar vein the other day when he told one of our Stipendiary Solons that the Australian blacks are the greatest liars in the whole world. Now, on behalf of my black brudders, I would like to say this is a ten thousand pounds — or possums — libel on the whole race. Mr. Roberts cannot have read the cable gram correspondence of some of our journals very carefully, or he would have hesitated before handing over tho champion belt for truth perversion to our unbleached brethren. The nobls black man of Australia does lie, and drink, and thieve, and swear, and at times murder, I admit I but otherwise, he is a harmless, well-behaved sort of person, and when he is run through Wigzell's scented bath haif a dozen times, and then packed into one of Summorfield's 3-guinea suits, he is very little worse than many a white man amongst; us. When a darkey lies, he has generally to thank his stomaeh for his back-sliding, for it is a peculiarity of our dusky friends that they are always hungry. Like the porcupine, Cuinbo appears to have at least fourteen stomachic cava ties, and the trouble of adequately filling these must occasionally lead him to handle tho truth with more than the averege cai'olcssness. But before we libel him so unreservedly as Mr. Roberts has, we should remember that on the average he is a far better man than one of our own relations was. Cf course I now allude to our distantly related father Adam, who was the cheapest piece of humanity that ever put in an appearance on this earth, for, as it has been truly said, ho, without having ono single bad passion to contend with, foil further and struck harder than any other created creature. Darwin's theory of tho descent of man is therefore obviously wrong, for oven the Australian nigger is in ono respect a step at loast above Adam. Verdict for tliO darkey with all costs of court. '-? If I had been, living- on dried apples and picnic ..gingerboor for the last three months I couldn't feel !; more puffed up with pride than I do at the pre sent moment, and the cause of all my joy is the receipt of a letter from a Riverina pioneer, Avhjo .says my recent rabbit par touched a sympathetic ' ' chord in the breasts of nearly all the run-holders about his persecuted' district. In addition to this, the. Riverina party sends along some' sapient offi cial questions which were recently , sent to some bunny- exterminators down South.', It '.appear^ ' that on a certain run which lies at the junction of three districts, 17 cats were turned loose, anp. about a month after this the three inspectors who were in charge of the infested country re ceived a formidable-looking document which called ' upon them to report amongst other matters how . many rabbits the 17 cats had wiped out since they ; were first started on the war path. The first in spector, being a man of very few words, simply ; turned up the corner of his document and wrote, ' I don't know.' The second replied, c: Heaven only knows. I haven't the least idea ;' and the third, never having heard of the fate of Ananias, ! promptly informed his superiors that each oat had .killed exactly 117 rabbits. The sender of answer No. 1 received a reply censuring him for his great c neglect of duty; the sender of No. 2 was severely ? informed that the information possessed by Heaven was of no practical use whatever to the 'Inspector of Stock's Department ; whilst the third ? inan was highly commended for the great care he 'had displayed in keeping such a strict and impartial record of each cat's performance. Being a staunch ..Blue Ribbon man, my Riverine friend declares that nothing but habits of strict intemperance can ever prove successful in wiping out El Bunny, and he therefore suggests that in future each .rabbit inspector be allowed a hogshead of rum per week and instructed to soak his wheat in that liquor instead of any other kind of poison. In some cases he thinks it might be advisable to ap^ . point a second inspector to see that the first man 3trictly carries out his instructions, and he feels (lead sure that once the rabbits take to drink .nothing can possibly stop their extermination. Another great advantage to be derived from this plan is that the dead bodies can be eaten with i impunity, as the rum gives an additional zest ,. to ; the flesh, and, just to start the good cause along, . my correspondent offers to place himself ;: at. the' head of 750 hogsheads and march to the batjble ... field immediately. This is decidedly the best .-. suggestion yet made, and is well worthy, of ja' ..trial, for, according to the results now ; obtained, one might as well try to ward off a, streak of lightning with a feather duster as ; exterminate*' . .the rabbit pests by the means employed .at pre-: :, sent. ? :??'?- ?-./? ;???-' s''. ' f ? Figures, by the way, are terrible things to deal (;with,— in fact they are only fit for Scotchmen,^ ;!and the style in which they can tangle and twist ' themselves around at times is enough to confuse ?the head of a nail keg. For example, take the 'figure 9, and you'll find that no matter how you 'try to multiply it away, you can never wholly get rid of it by any means whatever. Like the ghost of Banquo, it turns up as fresh as ever when 'least expected. Multiply it by what you like, and it gives the same result. Beginning with twice, nine, we get IS ; add the digits together 'and the 'result is 1 and 8 make 9. Three times 9 are 27 ; ' 2 and 7 make 9 ; and so on right up to. say, .5,071' times 9. This makes 45,639; add these! figures , together and the total is 27;/and:.ffienViadding' these two digits together we get hold/ of ^.tne.; ir- repressible figure 9 once more. You canr neyfer^ '. wipe it out entirely, and even if yoti boiled it' ... down into soup you would. still find the same, old1 ' .....9 at the bottom of the saticepan. : . ,; ' ' ;-i -When I last dined with his modest Highness ?'?^ Light of the World,' or Shah of Persia, one of ?--; the bob-tailed Bashaws seated near told the tale , ' of a party, by the name of Solyman Khan, who ''?finding he couldn't live any longer, died, leaving ?-17 camels to be distributed amongst his three sons '' ;in the following manner. The eldest to have one ???' half, the seeond, one-third, and the youngest a 'ninth. Now as you can't split a camel in two ??without depriving him of a great deal of his 'natural usefulness, the boys were 'driven to a ''-now com,' as old man Dogberry would say, ' and they accordingly put the case fair and :; square before Mohammed Ali. 'Pooh!' ex : claimed Ali, when he heard the trouble, ''that's 'as easy to be fixed as falling off a log. I'll lend 'you another camel to make 18, and then you can ? whack them out amongst yourselves.' So they ?*'-' did. The eldest boy took one half of the IS, or 0 ; 'the second took a third, or G ; the youngest took :;'a; ninth, or 2; making 17 in all, and then the ''delighted brothers returned Ali's hump-back ';eharger to its owner once again. p. There is generally a great deal of .good, how '.,'. eyer, in some things that are naturally' evil, and therefore it is a pleasure to find that figures ',- are about to be put to a use in which they will be a benefit to us all. At some time or another, we havo all felt the want of some moa7is by 'which we could express ourselves with a greater degree of exactness than is possible as the Eng ; lish language stands. For example. Supposing ,'. a friend asks how you are, and you wish to tell ' him you feel almost very well, but not quite j it is- siniply::imp6ssib'le; 'to express that wish pre lisely.'* To1 remedy this it is proposed to fall back on the aid of figures, and smooth the trouble thusly : Adopting the figures 100 as the very maximum of good health, all you have to do in the case referred to is to answer, -c O, thank you, I'm about 84 well to-day ; how are you ?' Tour friend will then reply, ' I'm about 99, or -2i well myself,' as the case may be, ? and 'there' i the ? matter is definitely settled'.1 ' The whole' ! thing- is beautifully simple,* and' can 'be1 applied-' in : every topic of conversation. ' P 'mentioned ' this fact -'to ; Brother Hyain at the Balniain 'regatta the other' day, and he 'was so struck with the 'wisdom of it that it was with some difficultyrlie Could be re strained from throwing me Overboard off the flag ship. Taking 1000 as the maximum, he put my plan in practice at once, arid told me that who ever invented the game stood, as a man of sense, at about 15 points below naught; but as a first class fool, he was : somewhere about 999. Give the thing a ? trial, 'friends; and you'll find there's a great deal morerin;it than 'yoxi would at first imagine. » , ? , Science i3 bossing 'the whole world just now, and new inventions are as common as policemen's oaths. Last week I gave a' skeleton sketch of the wonderful megaphone, and now I have ' some thing more exquisite still,' which 'eclipses even Ilanlau's sliding seat. The sphygmograph is the newest Yankee invention. I suppose the name comes from sphugmos and grapho',' and may be translated as the pulse recorder. It is a tiny instrument, to bo worn on the vest but ton like a watch' charm, and its duty is to inform the tippler when he has enough wine in his stomach. It' records the condition of, the heart as shown in the increased pulse, and will thus warn the lover of the cup when he must desist, if he would ' escape intoxication. I have not seen an announcement of the appointment of a qualified agent to introduce the novelty in Sydney. In the hands of Don Januario Davies or the irrepressible and inextinguishable Abigail the thing would bo a big fortune ; and wouldn't the new trinket dangle very nicely beside the chain pendants 'w©rn 'by our' legislators ? ? 