The Colossal Statues of the Pacific. Quite lately froBb. attention has been di- rected to the extraordinary remains which are found on Easter Island, which lies about 2,300 I miles west of the coast of Peru, within easy sail of San Francisco. Everybody remembers the colossal statues which are found in profu- sion on this island, monoliths representing men forty feet high and nine feet across the shoulders. They are made of the country rock of the island, bat it is quite evident that they are not the work of the natives, who are a low race of savages, without tools capable of carving in stone or machinery suitable for moving heavy weights. The question is, How did they come there? It has been suggested that Easter Island is the remains of a sub- merged continent, which was inhabited by a civilized race. But Sclater, whose theories are ' regarded with respect, makes Easter Island I the terminus of the southern migration of mankind from his fancied continent of La- nauria For the benefit of those who are not fami- liar with his studies it may be explained that Sclater was a believer in the hypothesis which ascribes to mankind a single origin from a single race, according to the Bible. He held that Paradise, from which all men originally came, was a continent lying south of Ceylon ; to this continent he gave the name of Lemu ria, from lemur, which means a ghost, but which name Linnams gave to a race of mon- keys. Sclater believed that from Lemuria man migrated into Africa, into Asia, and thence into Europe and America, and likewise into Polynesia, one stream of emigrants push- ing their way as far east as Easter Island. It is evidently worth while to study these Easter Island statues and Bee what light they can shed-if any- on the early history of our race. A novel and interesting case was recently triad In a Wisconsin Court. A young man kissed a woman vi et armis, whatovor that Is, and she sued him for damages. A jury tried the case fairly and Impartially and gave her a verdict for one cent. This fixes the value of a Wisconsin girl's kiss, and most of tho flashing damsels of Milwaukee now cmyrovolvors and daggcrB aud things concealed upon tbeir persons, to protect thom against such liberties as men are not adequately punished for by the law. Under this de- cision, a fellow can walk up to a blushing school girl on tho streets of Oshkosb and help himself to a dozen kisses, and then mako the girl a tender of fif- teen cents and go on his way rejoicing In the assur-1 ance that If sho suos Mm she will have tho costa to j pay. 