THE RIGHT WAY OF GIVING. MY dear young friends,—Many such as you spend much money on trifles, vain dress, useless ornaments, tobacco, and such like, while they give little or nothing to the Lord's cause. Is this right? . . Now, we want you to get into the habit of giving a portion of the money you may have from time to time, to help forward Christ's kingdom, both at home and abroad. The silver and the gold are the Lord's ; and you aro but his stewards or managers, and are answerable to Him at the great day. The religious objects requiring your pecuniary aid are numerous, and you can be at no loss to ascertain in what way to give some of your pennies, shillings, or pounds. With a view to help to draw your attention to this most important duty, allow mo to give you the following anecdote, telling how to give :— At a missionary meeting, held among the negroes in the West Indies, these three resolutions were agreed upon, namely:— 1\. We will all give something. 2\. We will all give as God has enabled us. 3\. We will all give willingly. As soon as the meeting was over, a leading negro took his seat at the table, with pen and ink, to put down what each came to give. Many came forward and gave, some more and some lesB. Amongst those that came was a rich old negro, almost as rich as all the others put together, and threw down upon the table a small silver coin. "Take dat back again " said the negro that received the money, " dat may be according to the first resolution but it not according to de second." The rich old man accordingly took it up, and hobbled to his seat again in a great rage. One after another came forward, and as almost all gave more than himself, he was fairly ashamed of himself, and again threw down a piece of money on the table, saying, " Dare, take dat! " It was a valuable piece of gold; but it was given so ill-temperedly, that the negro answered again, " No! dat won't do yet. It may be according to the first and second resolutions, but it not according to de last;'' and he was obliged to take up his coin again. Still angry at himself and all the rest, he sat a long time till nearly all were gone, and then came up to the table, and with a smile on his face, and very willingly, gave a large sum to the treasurer. " Very well," said the negro, " dat will do ; dat according to all de resolutions." " Now, my young friends, seek to profit by the aooye story, and not allow the poor negro to outstrip you in doing good. You must all give something—as God has enabled you-and tvillingly too; but do not rest your claim to the favour of God, or to heaven, on this, or on any good works whatever. Nothing short of an interest in Christ will do. "Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to His mercy He saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost " (Titus iii. 5) .—Drummond's Tracts. 