? BY " (,'ESTAUK. Tho last day of tho V.ll.C. Autumn Meu.ting wuk one cf tlio uiwel miccessful held, the weather wan d»Rightful, and tho attendance by tlio time liic- CJiampivu Itace \vaa run splendid, ;ill urrangementF were us usual at Flemington lirst claea. ' .Tho lacing both on Thursday'', and* Saturday was very interring. .' Tho Cup Day commenced witji "the Hurdle Itace. Hazard being Made a hot, fuvorite, he however had iccumb to that good little horse, Tho Agent, who won vory comfortably. Tho .Pl-udbco Shakes who won easily by Monte Chnsio, aud tho Corinthian Cup by Happy IJhpught. Tlie Oup wac a gr^at surprise, Corunet wt.arl.od an even money chance, and .if prncknoll bad let him go about tbo abattoirs 1 think he would have won,' as it was-the 1101*80 ricked bis back at the turn for home aud finished absolutely last. The best ridden horse won, not the best at .tlio. weights, for if Williamson had exorcified tiie same patience as Robcrtmm, Sh'detiApchor would have won the ^.un, Stornaway'ran .a g6«6d;;jcolt : ,and Tx.t er things aro iu store for him. Aftor tho Oup • llie Steeplechanc took place, and uftor many changes JScho, who had previously fallen, won a well cuulestnd hmeh from Morvett uud Claruuce. The Bourke • Handicap had a large liold, the winner St» John being a rank outsider. On Saturday bufiincas commcuccd with the Maideu Plate, which Mr Lan^ again placed to his credit with tho aid uf Stornaway. The Nursery Handicap was won by Abner, although tho jiidgu placod Sunny Days, Delainia, and Matchlock, but Abner won by about a length undoubtedly. The Autumn Handicap woh a great surpriBO, Bliuk Bonny, who was unsupported by tho stable, carried her Ssl. 7Jbs, to tho front and was ltover headed, winning hard held by half a length from Angleney, who ran imcllung approaching his old form. Tho Champiuu llaco came next, Commotion started a hut favorite, and tho result was never iu doubt, the old horo cantering in first by ten lengths, David - second, and Silver King third. My only disappointment \v;ia that Power did not send him along a little bit faster, and thus accomplish the race in the fastest time on record, however there ifi some fitiefaction in knusvingho is capable of it and there are more unlikely things than eeitighimdo it this timo next year. Uralla hod to be eoutcut with third place in the All Aged Stakes. Dunlop, who is evidently a stayer, winning under tho ~ whip. What a good thing this would havo boon for Fryiug Pan. Tho Freo Handicap terminated a most successful meeting and proved ouce more what a funny thing horse racing is, Pro-, racthous who could'nt get near the New~ market, winning this race iu tho fastest lime on record, Happy Thought, who ohaped in different form to tho previous Saturday, running second. To-morrow tho V.A.T. Club hold their March meeting, and with fiue weather X expect a large attendance and some good sport. For the Selling liaco I fancy Anarchy nd Gipsy's Warning, and for the Hurdles would take Hunter, Lady Teazle, and Sinking Fund. The Oakleigh Handicap has a big entry, the best of which I take to bo Duenna, Topaz, The Ghost, Xanlippe, First Ltovc,. and Meteor. For the Criterion . Stakes, Ludy Claudia, and . ' Matchlock look best on paper, and. Denmark, Midnight, and Mystery lor Steeple. Tho South Yarra Handicap i think Lord Wilton, Littlo Sister, or Catuerinu, will furnish the winnor. 