THE GROWTH OF CREDULTTY. [From the St. Ja tiic.-i's Gazelle.] Why is it that at periods when general scepticism is rife credulity should likewise be rampant ? It is no easy matter to answer that question, but the fact is undoubted. At the time when the gods and goddesses of Greece were losing all hold upon the better-educated class at Athens, the fanaticism of the people was more furious than ever. Alexandria, the home of cultivated indifference to religion, contained more charlatans and bigots in pro portion to its population than any city of the ancient world. Soothsayers and mystery mongers had a great time of it in .Rome when Jupiter, Mars, Venus, and the rest of them had become a joke to the lettered class. So it wasin Paris towards the close of the last century, when Mesmer and Cagliostro drove a roaring trade even among the sceptics themselves, and had hundreds of more or less successful imita tors. Here in England, at about the same time, the Cock- lane Ghost and Joanna South cott found believers among men who had_ long since discarded ancient miracles as inconsistent with the laws of nature. Such superstitions are indeed rarely confined to the most ignorant; they are specially favored by weak-minded men of intellect. Some of the ablest thinkers of their time—not excluding men of science as well as the most complete atheists—had a rooted belief in strange influences external to matter which they could not pretend to ac count for, give satisfactory evidence^ of, or reduce to any law. The inherited readiness to believe without evidence, derived from a period when mankind had no recorded evidence about anything, and consequently no conception of jaw in any sense of the word, is perpetually reappearing in unlikely places. , It would certainly seem that at the present time we are in a period of growing scepticism balanced by a marvellous credulity. Take, for instance, the Theosophist craze, which is (or lately was) the most taking of the fashion able fads. Here is an ancient Asiatic creed arising out of a special state of civilization, filled, no doubt, with beautiful traditions and imagery, possessed also in some respects of a •high moral code ; but overlaid with supersti tions of the grossest character. Its votaries are still the most numerous sect in Asia. .'Englishmen, Frenchmen, and Germans have carefully studied the growth of the religion, r and have described everything worth knowing about it, just as they have dealt with Mahommedanism or Brahminism or Con fucianism. But Buddhism, it seems, has its "mysteries. There is a monastry in the midst of Central Asia inaccessible to the European, where secrets of nature long since revealed to the faithful are carefully treasured. Mahatmas , of infinite antiquity, and possessed of in credible powers, oniy await the approach of true believers to teach them unutterable things. To facilitate matters, a Russian lady and an American gentleman have been chosen to show the old faith with a new face in India and in Europe, and act as the interpreters of the ^Maliatmas, playing extraordinary pranks with matter and its laws. Meanwhile, communica tions are received and given in all sorts of strange ways, and the Esoteric Budd hist is gradually elevated to the seventh heaven of ecstatic credulity. Yet these poor I Theosophists are to all appearance sane people, [ and are no doubt sincerely shocked at the 1 gullibility of Neapolitans with their oliildisli belief in the liquefaction of St. Januarius's blood. Spiritualism is but a more vulgar form of the same delusion; for the Esoteric Budd hist has his spirits too. Yet it is surely very remarkable that numbers of educated people should be confessed spiritualists at this time of day; still more remarkable that many of them should be, as Robert Owen was, thorough materialists. No amount of detected imposture seems to shake the confidence of those who believe in those strange communica tions from beyond the tomb which are so oddly conveyed through articles of furniture. Spiritualists of the highest cultivation will sit for hours in a darkened room awaiting some not very clever conjuring trick, and look upon writing on a slate with reverence little short of that which they would feel for a veritable writing on the wall. These crazes are at this moment decidedly on the increase in England; while in America, where average education is at a far higher level than in this country, the trades of the spiritualist, the clairvoyant, and the fortune- teller are quite common, and appa rently by 110 means unprofitable. Indeed, such people are consulted and trusted by a class of men and women who are unspeakably scornful of priestsand confessors. The researches of our Psychical Society, though carried 011 in -the name of science, are characterised by a tendency to take for granted which would be looked upon as very slovenly in any really scientific work. When Baillv, Lavoisier, and Franklin examined into the Mesmer delusions tliey went to work in very different fashion. Those who have undertaken the task of investi gation to-day seem to leave the laws of evidence 011 the threshold of the enquiry. In the same way with the so-called "'thought-reading." Hundreds hasten to believe in some exceptional power who would lose all interest in it the moment it was traced to some ordinary law. In short, a hankering for mysteries is, among the educated, one of the characteristics of the time. Among the mass of the people tliere is no special growth of anything hut apathy. There is, however, one exception, and it is signifi cant. A mixture of low religious fanaticism with a revolt against gi»,_ and not wholly devoid of the eroticism to which certain forms of religious excitement so readily lend themselves, has spread among the people to an extent which, as regards numbers and organisation alike, more than balances the development of the agnostic or atheistic parties. But there is here 110 new form of credulity, nor any attempt to capture the minds of the masses by a pre tended possession of occult powers. A meeting of Salvationists in ecstasy exhibits a very near approach to the follies of the Convulsion naires. Of political credulity and its increase it is needless to speak. The Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of Freemasons,'of South Australia (Mr. Ja.s. H. Cunningham) has received a communication from the Grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of England (Col. Shadwell II. Clarke) to the effect that His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Grand Master of the English Free masons, in reply to petitions sent to him from the South Australian Lodges, will recommend the Grand Lodge of England to acknowledge and recognise the Grand Lodge of South Australia as a regular and legally con stituted Grand Lodge, provided that cer tain information as to number of mem bers, &c.;, to be supplied, is satisfactory. Tills informavion has been forwarded, and tliere can be now no doubt that in a very short time the Grand Lodge of South Australia will be duly recognised by every Grand Lodge in the world. His Royal Highness has also been pleased to accede to tne request that the lodges might be allowed to retain their original warrants as a memento of tlieir connection with the Grand Lodge of England. Our correspondent at Queenscliffe, Kangaroo Island, writes that His Excellency the Gover nor arrived by the Protector at that port on Sunday, January 11. The residents, though aware of his intention to visit the township, were not prepared for his arrival 011 that day, and only one gentleman was at the landing place to receive His Excellency, who having walked through the township returned to the vessel after accepting an invitation to go for a drive inland 011 the following day. The drive 011 Thursday was not altogether a successful one, as neither of the two horses attached to the buggy conveying His Excellency, who was accompanied by Captains Walcott and Williams, showed much inclination for work. One animal was lame, and the other, a mare, had a foal at foot, at which she was continually making maternal darts, and so occasioning annoyance to the driver. After a few stoppages, caused by the breakage of the liames worn by the mare, and her vindictive conduct to the J10r.se of the trooper accompany ing His Excellency, the drive of sixteen miles came to an end, and the Governor returned to the Protector ignorant that a champagne lun cheon bad been prepared for him at the hotel. The 1 eindents are much disgusted at the un satisfactory character of the reception. 