Brio-a-Bi'&D.; i Thmim ia a story told o£ a pvofuHslanul podestmln who had undortakon to run a mllo In something loss than four minutes and a half | thoraeo to bo oontestad on tho high road botwoon milestone mid milestone1 Aftor tho wagor was mado and the ivbhloto Imoked for a considerable Hum oJ! monoy, a doubt camo ovor that porson'a mind, and It Btruok him as bolng voi'y likely that tlmo would win. His baokors, too, who had vory carefully watohod his training and tltnod his heats, oamo to tho samo conclusion, "What was to bo done? To lot tliolr man bo boaton would bo to loso their monoy. Ootisoquontly thoy hold a oounoll of war, and sottlet'l upon a plan. Those wary baokors wont In tho stillness of tho night out on to tho high road and removed otio oJ! tho two milestones, botwoon which tho raoo was flxod to bo run, a llttlo noaror to tiio other. Noxt day their prottigd, thus assisted, wont the oourso and won against tlmo triumphantly, # * # ON tho othor lmnd, whoro It is Impossible to onsuro fairness botwoon mati and man, thoro is a groat fascination for lovors oil althlotlo sports in a trial oil speed and onduranee botwoon a oouplo of ilrst-rato runners for a dlstanoo of not loss than a mile. In tho old days a good paoo was rookonod to bo a quarter of a mllo In a minute, half a mllo in two and a quartor minutos, and a milo In four and a half to flvo minutes, But of lato yoars that roeord has boon bottorod. Of tho two men, Goorgo and Oummlngs, who oontostod a mllo oourso in ~ England recently, tho former won oaslly ; in fact, his oppononb walkocl homo. Oununings is said to have run a milo against Duddlo, at Pros ton, in four minutos sixteen soconds and ono-iif th of a aooond j and G-eorgo ia roportod to havo dono the sarao distance in four miuutoa alghtoan sceonda and two-ttftha of a aooond. Thoao statomonts, howovor, havo not passed unohallongod by oxperts and sporting writers woil qualified by exporioneo to oflor an opinion, Tho races between Goovgo and Oummlngs has excited, probably, moro interest in tho athletic world than any ovont of the kind for a long time paat, # * * A OHATTY papor on Law Court incidents iu Cham\x=req-\ bvr\v Journal contains tho following admlrablo story: — " An ominont English architect, named Alexander was being examined by counsel, who was using ovory effort in his power to depreciate the witness's opinion. ' You aro a builder, I believe V 4 No, sir 5 I am not a builder j I am an architoet.' 4 Ah, well, builder or architoet, aroliitcot or buildor —they aro protty much the same, I suppose V 41 bog your pardon ; thoy aro totalty difHoront.' 4 Oh, indeed. Perhaps you would state wherein this great difference consiats.' 4 An architect, sir, conooivoa tho deaign, prepares tho plan, draws out the specification—in short, supplies the mind. The builder is merely tho maohine j tho architect, the power that puts tho maohine together and sets it going.' I ' Oh, VQi'y well, Mr. Architoot; that will clo. A very ingenious distinction, without a difEeronco.—Do you happon to know who was tho architect of tho Tower af Babel ?' 4 There was no architect, sir—hence tho confusion.' " »' * IT was at a ball, and tho subjcct under discussion was vanity. A lady maintained that mon wero also given somewhat to vanity, " The men ai-o ton times more vain than tho ladies," she remarkod. " That's impossible,'' said sovoral gentlemen. That subject changed, and a few minutes later tho lady remarked : "Tho handsomest man in tho room has a spot on his waistcoat," whereupon ovory gontleman within hearing glanced down with a scarod expression of eountenanco at his vest. * * ' « * , ThBRE is a good story told of a Marsoillos merchant, lately ,dcceasedj who started in business with a thoii\x=req-\ sand pounds and became a millionaire. He loft his property to "a friend with the condition that ho should be buried with the sum of one thousand pounds placod in his coffin. The executor bewailed this reckless waste oE money, anil was at his wits onil how to defeat tho whimsical oIivuho In the will. At longth a happy thought oamo. " I will put a oUoquq," ho,said, for a thousand Into tho oolUn," ,v., # > * 1 A auiuoua affair toolc plaoo about savon wooks ago at a soa-coast town In Lincolnshire, near Grimsby. One morning at halE-past ton tho rootor oC tho parish ohuvoh, who had rooolvod notlco that a woddhig was to bo porformod that morning, was astonished to boo a young lady and gentleman rldo up to tho porch on a tricycle. Thoy dlstnountod and presented themselves to him. Iflvorything, lloonoo and all, bolng m rdyte, tho ooromony was gone through, alitor which, having paid tho oustomai'y foos, tho oouplo onco moro got on tliolr trloyolo and rodo away rojololtig. This Is Indeed tlio latost stylo ol! " oarrlayo and pal 1.' " for a wedding, m Hit, CJaton WoodviMjM, who Is also soiuotlmoa I oallod tho English Do Nouvllio, Is roeolvlng unusually groat J!aollltlos, at tho wish of Hor Majoaty, for tho painting ol! tho Wadding Platui'o ho Is now at work on, " by Royal command." That ho was prlvllogcd with a soat In tho lloyal pow on tho wedding day was known at tho ttmo j but stnao than ho lias mado sovoral visits to Osboruo Houso, whoro tho actual oostumoa worn by many oil tho " royalties" and " soronltlos " present havo boon plaood at his disposal Oi! oourso ho has a oomploto sot of photographs of tho personages who aro to bo inoludod in his plcturo j but in addition to this, tho Prlncoss Boatrloo and hor husband have glvan him, ropoatod sittings j and tho Boyal bridesmaids, too, havo boon collected at Osbomo that ho might tho bettor paint tho Interesting group, Mr, Wood villa hopes to finish tho picture by February. * * 4l Tjiisius Is to bo a railway system in China I This is tlio moat marvellous revolution of modorn times, Tho Ohlneao would never tolerate tho idea for yoars booauso It Is part of their religion to respect tho bones of tho dead, and as tho Chinese doad of tho departed cor\\\x=req-\ turies aro buriod, vulgarly speaking, " all over tho shop," it was thought to bo'impossible to construct a lino that wouldn't intovforo somehow or othor with somebody's bones. •.Tho Ohinoso havo bocorno suddenly civilised up to railway point, I woudor whotlior tho Chincso aro prepared for all that railway civilisation brings in its train. * » * P1USON13IIS arc sometimes imconsoiously humorous, and give indications of a fund of quaintness that causes a mirthful murmur to run round tho court, but his Honor Judge Copo never smiles. Tho policeman who exclaims "sllenco " may bo convulsod by a workod-ont Yoln of humor, but Judgo Oopo simply makes a noto and tho witticism does not by any moans incroaso tho acaused man's chance of a light sontonco. His Honor is far loss suscoptiblo to tho mollifying influonco of a woll-turnod joko or laughable phrasothan tho Amorican judgo who tried a confirmed inebriate, Tho old follow's first question, "Wcro you cvor drunk, Judgo?" met with a freezing negative, which momentarily depressed the man who, however, on recovering, ejaculated, "Well, that tops my upper crust! But it ain't too late yet. Judge; thorc's fun ahoad for you—heaps of fun!" Judge Cope would be nowhere in. dealing with such a man, but the accused would bo sotnowhorc for a month or so. Mr. Oall would, however, extract a whole barrol of fun from that inebriate in the Oity Court. I # * A bright and clever story, readable with pleasure from covor to cover, is Mrs. Craik's latest novel (.Mrs. Hollyer.) Thoro is nothing very new in plot or in characters, yet,, by the aid of the useful faculty of being able to toll a story well, Mrs. Craik contrives to rotain the reader's interest throughout, and to make us rogret tho moment when we turn the last page of volume iii. Two o£ tho dramatis jtcrsonco are drawn with peculiar skill—Keith Hollyer, a big, manly, good\x=req-\ I natured follow, ono of those modern editions of Hercules whom every Omphale can twist round hor finger ; and Sylvia Shipton, a solftsb, heartless, little coquette, who bewitches everybody witli her boauty and nearly succeeds in wrecking tho soft-hearted giant's life Other characters in the story aro well drawn, but these two are of. special excellence, and are sufficient in themselves to insure the interest of the reader. A otouy Is told oi! 'a shrowlsh Scotchwoman who triad to worm lior husband from bho dram shop by employing her brother toaob tho part, of a ghost and frighten John on his way homo, "Who aro you?" asked tho gudo man as tho appavatlon l'oso before him from bohltid a bush. " I am Auld Nlok," was tho reply, u Oomo awa,' man," said John, nothing daunted. " Glo's' a shako o1 your hand. I am mai'rlod tao a sister* o' yours I" * * Mil. WiTjtiAM Tuomah Stiuad, tlio editor of the "Pall Mall Claaotto," Is bho sou ol! tho Into llov, \V. Stoad, a Baptist minister, oi? Ho\vdon-on-Tyno, Mr. Stoad was ohlofly educated by his fathor, but when* ho was twelvo ho was sent to Sllooatos, In tho days of :Dr, Bowglass, # ' • # * Wjia'X' was this Mil! at tho OaulHeld Eaco Clouvsa between Drs. Fltagorald and Baoktiouso 1 Perhaps action was talcon, In regard to thoso Jaokoys, without properly consulting Dr. .Fitzgerald, who la Honorary Medical Officer to tho Olub. \- It * * , Do lot mo roquost gontlomon not to got drunk at political dlnnors, whllo buslnoss has to bo done. Tho Harris display, at South Yarra, was qui to spoilt by tho hiccupping lntorjootors, There was a bit of seeno. .. * # In even times of sensational items, roportors, especially .thoso on tho J/nralfl, aro expected to hurry up with diabolical details of crying arlmoa and further facts of foarfulfatalitios, ovon to tho nogloob of everything else, and the scribe roforrod to In tho following would surely gladden Mr, Wlntor's heart :— * * Tho now reporter came In till covered with poi-spira-j tion and dust, as thp last forme wont down to press. ; "Did It tako you all day to do that waterworks do-! tail?" snarlod tho editor. " S-s-h I spoak low,', j whlspored tho now " spcclal " in tho editor's oar. " Got > on on A1 sitioido in tho park—defalcation probably.": *«'Groat Oiesar I and we're gone to proas," gasped the ! editor. " Tho morning papers will get a boat on ns ; to-morrow." ''Not ranch!" chuckled the reporter.' «' I know 1 couldn't gothcro in timo fortho last edition, so I just queered the find." " "What do you mean ?" " Why I draggod tho body into the bushes, and eovorod it up with grass and things. A bloodhound couldn't find it. To-morrow wo develop tho claim, and give 'em, a two-column sensation." "VVith tears in his oyos tho editor nroso and fell upon his subordinate's neck. "You are an honor to your profession ho sobbed. " I'll ' see that your profession is increased half-a-crown a month. I will by Jingo." * :| Tills New Zealanders are plucky people, and Wellington rumours state that thoy want to buy Samoa from Germany at a very tidy flguro . It is stated that ncgoclations are pouding with Prlnco Jilsmark to purchase German rights for a quarter of a million of money. If tho Now Zealanders moan business, and Bismark is agreeable, a bargain may bo struck for ; ■>£ courso, the ron.1 ownors of tho island will not be consulted in the matter : thoy are liko their territory, bought and sold whether they liko it or not. But if they become ISnglish aubjocta it will bo to their own advantage, lis their civilization will ensure ; and as this civilization; lias generally boon accomplished with tomakawks, rum nnd aiseuical damper the outeomo may bo surmised. \ * \ » » Let. Gladstono hide his diminished head, tho flat: has gavo forth and honcoEorth ho holds but a secondary place in the political annals of his day. Some good young "Wimmicodites met in all solemnity to discuss the respective merits of Gladstone and Disraeli. They debated tho matter and by a majority of one dociided that Gladstone was only "small beer" compared with Disraeli, Now this was wickod ; tho decision cannot do tho defunct Disraeli any good, but whon tho oleotora of Midlothian hear tho result they will at once become dissatisfied and yearn for some(more ablo representative who will not be forthcoming liYilosa pcrchanco one of question should be available. The debate has not been the brethern who have so surfceutiously decided a knotty reported and though it would probably enrich the amuse-; ing literature of the day, tho young spouters are doubtless to be complimented on the verdict. 