Sporting Mems. Bosworth was passed in at sale last week at £1000. . ' ., Sullivan, the greatest living pugilist, Í3 ?;, only 27 years of age. Jem Mace and Tom King fought twice, and esch gained a victory. A mania exists in England for 10,000 point billiard matches, and they attract thousands.. Sullivan, the pugilist, has invited Byan to fight for the championship of the world and £4000. Hutchins* 300 yards in 80seo. a'; Edinburgh, Jan. 2,1884, is still the best record in the world. Mr. Robinson, the New Zealand sports- man is sending Vanguard and another horse .to compete on the English turf. ' Capri (Stol) took the Maiden Plate, Flemington, Hampstead (5 to 4 on) being easily beaten. Time, 2min. 16|3eo. 1} miles. Courtney, the "swindling Yankee oars- man, has been presented with a new shell. This shell is s coffin ss far as public confidence goes. The Newcastle boxing match for £50 and no gammon, between Powell, of Sydney, and . Cahill, of Coalhole, promises to be a lively affair. Bung ! £1000 to £600 for the \\\ mile event between Maggie Moore and Joe on the New- castle course. Why didn't they make it millions ? Football is older than cricket, as far as Australia is concerned. The first match was played by-some of Wellington's soldiers at Sydney, July25, 1829. \- Miller refused to meet Jackson anywhere but in New Zealand. The latter has backers for amounts up tp £3000. But there's no doubt Miller can lay him out. None of the English sporting touts named Bendigo for the Great Lincolnshire, and none of the Australian tipsters gave Lord Wilton for the Adelaide Cup. Thu is a federation-of stupidity. In the 8-mile, trotting match, £100 a side, May ll, at Randwick, between Darkie and Sir William, the former wön in 9min. 9seo. Sir William broke three times, or he would have won ' by many lengths. Teemer, tired of waiting for Hanlan's return from America, advertised'thus in the press: -"I will row for honour this season, at the close of which I will retire champion of the world, and the greatest sculler that ever lived." More bung. J Huxley, who was cruelly treated by dis- appointed tipsters, when he lost the Victorian Derby on a proven duffer, ia said to dying from in- juries received at Windsor. Huxley was one of the best riders in this country, and honest as well. . An American sportsman who recently paid 2000 guineas for the English bred, Alcantara, and 4000 guineas for another, Alcyone, has hired for two years for 2000 guineas, the 14 year old dam, Alma Mater, from the English mare Estella by Australian. Moneypenny, the famous Irish trainer, has been engaged by the great Italian sportsman,' Prince Borzbis, who will be represented in future - on the French and English turf. Salary £1500 a yesr and perks. What a greeting there'll be between these two Romans. Fourteen thousand attended the Bicycle tournament at the Sydney grounds. The five mile Intercolonial Championship wa? a gift to Bennett of Sydney. Mr. Bennett (who is one of the firm ef Bennett & Wood, bioyole importers ot Byaney) wan loudly cheered for his grand finish. He also beat the Australian mile record by 29sec. Lord Wilton started at 8 to 1 for the Adelaide Cup, and won in 2.53J, some seconds faster than Malua. Anchorite, Plausible, Lantern, and Sardina fought for first plsce in the last quar- ter, but Sanders cleverly brought Lord Wilton out, and won half a length from Anchorite, who was second-Sardius being third. Lantern ran splen- didly, and is worth watching. Slade, the whitey-brown N.Z. pugilist, now 30 years of age, and a failure in the States, is the son of an Irishman by the daughter of a Maori - chief. He stands 6ft. 2Jin., and untrained weighs 15st. 131b., and trained 14st. He is weak hewever in the chest from his mother (all the Maoris are inclined to pulmonary complaints), and is not the stuff to make a pugilist. He was discovered at the plough by Jem Mace when the latter was travelling in New Zealand. The great fight for £400 at Pittsburg, Ü.S., February 23, between Patrick Kirbey's English bred bulldog, Jack Napoleon, and John Crellin's Anglo- American dog, Tiger, was won in an hour and a halt by the former, who killed Tiger. - Both dogs fought at 351b., and tackled work most savagely. Tiger had the best of it in the fint two rounds, but age told on him ; and when the ninth round was called Tiger walked to the centre of the pit then returned to his corner and fell over. When picked up he was dead. Both dogs were horribly lacerated, but the victor waa still fresh and full of fight. .1400 people paid 33. to witness the spectacle which was more brutalising than even a prizefight. Sir Patrick, list. 12; won the S. A. Hurdle, 2 miles in 4min. 2}sec., Old Soul.and Echo second and third. The 8t. Leger was won by the Broker (3 to 2), Silver King (even money) and Sandal (4 to 1) being second and third. The Broker came at the finish and won by a.neck. Distance, If miles, and 132 yards ; time, 3min. : 21 ¿sec. The Goodwood Handicap, 250 aovs. 1 mile, fell to Lantern, 5yrs, 6st. 121b., (8 to 1. chance) Lord Wilton (7 to 1) and the Ghost (12 to 1) being second and third. Time, ltnin. 44sec. - The favourite Topaz (3 to 1, and backed for Borne thousands) was nowhere. Lantern ap- peared to have run a splendid race and ; never lost position ; at the sheds he went to the front, swept into the post three lenghs ahead of the field, Lord Wilton, Ironmaster, St. Lawerence, Pilleroo, Middlemarch and the Ghost being together. At the distance Lord Wilton came with a rush, but couldn't get up and ran second, beating the Ghost by. s head. Joanna (4 to 1 on) won in s canter the Sires' Produce Stakes. The glove contest between John F. Sobóles and Charley Mitchell was decided at the Adelaide Bink, Toronto, on Feb. 23. A tremendous - crowd filled the rink, and great interest .was manifested over the affair. Billy Edwards, the retired light-weight champion, attended Scholes. The contest was one of the most interesting ever witnessed. Scholes was in first class, trim, and proved, he was s scientific, clever pugilist. The contest was governed by "Police Gazette " rules, and medium sized gloves were used. In the first round, Mitchell made Scholes' victualling depart- ment the point of attack, while Scholes landed his blows on Mitchell's face. During the round Mitchell knocked Scholes clean off his pins, but he quiekly resumed the contest. The referee an- nounced that Mitchell had scored fourteen points and Seholes seven. In the second round there was. no sparring. Mitchell went right to work to end the affair, if possible. Scholes proved he was' In the raw, for he landed a terrifie left hand blow on - Mitchell's month, which made the ivories rattle sad drew the claret First blood was claimed- for Bebeles and allowed, amid tremendoni cheering. Mitchell for a moment, was riled, sad he toned tho fighting, and by a tremendous right band blow , sgsin knocked Scholes down. Tho round ended trîth seven points, for Mitchell sad six for the Canadian champion. The third round, Bebeles - held bis own, although the referes dedded six points for Milohell and four for Motes. Inths fourth round both men wen weir wound upto Work: sal give a eapiUl exhiba»*. Boms bari bat coninsntínly^nsrmless blows, that'did vol tel),' wen given bj snob mea, sal tim« was enfiel when they bad begun to dsvdp snras food fighnag.. TIM BOOM then steed tea for Mitels* and seveo f^r Mióles Mitehell thai wiaatag ly ssas faints,. :r,.: 