MILORA. [FRonM A COrtaESPONENT.1 A very successful teasmeeting was held, in the WesleyanChurch hero, on Tuesday last. Asthe hour nnounced for commencing drew near, friends from Harrisville, Fassifern, and theneiglhbouring districts could be seen on their way to Miloras. some in huggies and other velhicles, and many on horseuback. At 4 p.m., the tables, which literally groaned with the weight of the good things perovided to cheer the inner man, and which were presided over by ladies coonnected with the Church. were surrounded by an appreciative throng of friends, who, both by words and deeds, highly complirmented oar country ladies on their skill in the culinary art. The talbles having been cleared, a pehlic imeeting was comnmenced by tht singing of the 608tOh Ihyn, after which the Rev. W. Wall engaged in prayer. Mr. W. B. Greer. who occupied the chair, briefly addresseacd thie meeting, congratulating them on the success of the undertaking. He expressed his pleasure at seeing so many Christian friends, and he auartestly hoped that the addresses given by the goodly nslmber of speakers wealde briug forth good fruit. The anthem "Cry eut anRd shout" ta then given by tihe choir, Mr. C. S. Hunt presiding at the organ.-Mr. C. W. IHtunt gave a short statement of the financial state of the Church. It seems, from the blanuce-s.heet, that there remained a debt of £20, incurred in recerecting the church. To meet this, £8 12e. had been raised lately. and he trusted that, after that night, this ghost of debt would he laid, and tile house of God be again free front debt. -After another anthem, "Singye Jehorah's praise,"j by tihe choir, the Chairman olled on the Rev. W. Wall, who, upon rising, congratulated the trustees on the likelihood of clearing off their debt that night. The rev. gentleman then delivered an earnest and eloquent address on the effilciency of prayer, and urged his hearers, in the present trying season, to use greater individual earnestness in upproaching the throne of grace.-A solo, " He wipes the tear from every eye," was then pileasingly rendered by Miss Hunnt.-Mr. James M'Gill was next calla upon, and, in etilring and earnest tones, he gave somie suitable advice on Church tnatters.-" Gather uing home." given by the Mlisses Hunt aud Adams, the choir joining in the chorus, was well received. Mr. Dolbbs was the next epeaker. He made soae tclling, albeit Ihumorous, remarks, eliciting much applaseo-after which the song '" Love at hlome" was well sung by Mr. Sheltoo.-After a few woreds frot Mr. Petncll, the duet "Holy, holy Lord" was feelingly rendered by Miss Hunt and Mrs. Grer.-The Rev. \V. Little, of Fasatifer. followed with some observations. In his usual earnest and iitpressive style, the rev. gentleman ouade a lrot rate speech on the necessity there was fr young tien to have their miodn stored with ube. ful kttowledgc.-The solo "My sin countrie," by Miss Adams, received, as it richly deserved, lout upplause.-A short speech by Mr. Tyler and the trio " Wasiting and Wstchitg" were the next items, Mr. C. W. Hunt, ot risilug to torve a vote of thanks to the Chairtuma, ypeakers, and choir, eaid he was glad to atnounce tlit " the ghost was laid." Alout £14 was tihe tet fitancial result of the dlay's proceedings. This sum was more than sul?cient for dearing off the debt. Mr . J. Richley, of Ipswich, aeconded the vote, and expuressed his personal pleantre in his visit to Milora. The Roevs. W, Wall and W. Little were the mnovers of a vote of thanks to the ladies. The einging of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction brought the moset inttresting and happy meeting ever held in Milers to L close. 