€ui\n\it Intelligent*. VICTORIA. AEOHDIOOESE OF MELBOURNE. FEAST OF THE PATRONAGE OF ST. JOSEPH. The sermon at the eleven o'clock Mass at the Cathedral on Sunday last, the Feast of the Patronage of St. Joseph, was preaohed by the Rev. Professor Delsny, of All Hallows' Foreign Missionary College, Dublin, who ohose for his text the words, "And Jesus Himself was beginning about the age of thirty years, being (as it was supposed) the son of Joseph"—Luke iil,, 23. The preacher said that in order to effeot the redemption of man it was not necessary that the second person cf the Blessed Trinity should take human flesh. As, however, the human race is represented by a single human being, Jesus Christ took the form of a man In order to suffer and atone for all the children of Adam. Christ, by taking our human nature, also exalted and sanctified the marriage state. It was not necessary to the Incarnation that the Blessed Virgin should have been espoused to St. Joseph ; but although both remained virgins all their lives St. Joseph was as truly the husband of the Blessed Virgin as any man who had ever reoeived the sacrament of matrimony. Our Lord, by being born of the Blessed Virgin and being subjeot at Nazareth to her and St. Joseph, at onoe exalted the married state and glorified virginity. When the mystery of the Inoarnation took plaoB St. Joseph was oalled upon to suffer intense pain of soul in discovering by apparently the most palpable evidenoe that his young spouse had been unfaithful to her marriage vow. And yet her conduct and demeanour were utterly opposed to such an assumption. Suoh a state of clroumstanoes had never ocourred before and would'never occur again. What oourse did St. Joseph pursue under such trying and perplexing olrcumstanoes 1 He held his peace and resolved to put his spouse away privately. And why did he do this? "Because," the Scripture says, " he was a just man." The lesBon to be learned from this was that if throughout life we practised justice we could never go morally wrong. When St. Joseph was on the point of oarryiog his determination into .effect God revealed to him the mystery of the Incarnation of His Son. The oonduot of St. Joseph in the circumstances referred to exhibited him in his oharaoter of husband. The promptitude with whioh he left the home of his fathers and of his faith, and fled with his spouse and her divine son into the strange land of Egypt, when the life of the ohild was threatened by Herod, displayed his qualities as head of the household. We should remember that in these days there are Herods lurking in secular sohools, periodicals, newspapers, books,'and elsewhere, seeking to destroy the spiritual lives of our ohildren. We should act as promptly and effectively to save their lives as St: Joseph did to preserve the precious life of Our Lord. Another phase of St. Joseph's character was to be gathered from his conduct when the child Jesus was lost, and afterwards found in the temple. The Blessed Virgin told the divine ohild that St. Joseph and she had "Bought him Borrowing." We might learn from those words what was the depth and intensity of St. Joseph's lovi for his divine foster-son. We should endeavour to imitate that love. The preacher showed how, before the coming of Christ, woman was degraded—was really the slave of her husband, who almost possessed over her the power of life and death—but that Christ raised her to an equality with man, and conseoraited her union with man by making marriage a saorament and the emblem of His own union with His mystic spouse, the Church. The preaoher spoke of the trials and crosses whioh bestrewed the path in lift of the husband and wife, and said that only the grace of God enabled the spouses to bear them. It was to be deplored that there was a tendency in these timet, on the part of legislatures, to extend the facilities for divorce. Women might M dissolute and ohildren troublesome, bat the aeoret of this tendency of Uw-maker| in our days was to be attributed to the disposition of men to shirk thefr respon* sibilities as husbands tad fathers. Aftet the first joys of marriage were over the ^outlook of the young husband was often gloomy, and as years rolled oh tin marriage bond became intolerably tedious and monotonous, and the husband felt disposed to shake it off. The Oatbolie Church, however, oame in at tMs jtnw* tare and add, " No ; you most not do this; you have oontracted reapoasibilitlet whtoh you muat aeoept. Do ^te dotjT in ckoumstanoea which are the trttofta* devotion to St.Jo»ephJiraaW*wr' WiatJhnroh. *xttted «nd ahfcoegh we fotat' gone by that he took a place seoond to It. John the Baptist, It only needed ft .demonstration, ao to apeak, to evoke that veneration for and devotion to the spouso of Out Lady tthiah culminated a few years ago in hia being proclaimed Patron of the Universal Ohuroh. ST. IGNATIUS' CHURCH, RICHMOND. The foundation-stone of the completion of St. Ignatius' Church, Richmond, was laid on Sunday afternoon last, by his Graoe the Arohbishop. The first - stone of the church was laid on the 4th August, 18G7, and the portion of the saored edifloe now ereoted was opened on the 13th Maroh, 1870. The ohuroh at present consists of one-third of the nave and of the two side aisles, with porohes at the entrances to the latter. Tbe ooBt of ereotion was £9000, all of whlob has been paid off. The increasing Oatholio population of Biohmond has rendered itneoeseary that the ohuroh shoi^ld be completed and additional aooommodatlon provided for the large oongregatlon attending it. When the remaining two- thirds of the design are completed, tbe ohuroh will accomodate 2500 persons. It will contain three aisles. At the end of the third will be an organ chamber, and round the apse there will be three chapels. The aide aisle will be continued round the high altar. The tower will be surmounted by a beautiful spire. The style of architecture IB Gothic—Frenoh in treatment. The first oontraot in connection with the oompletion of the ohuroh is for the laying of the foundations. The oontraotor is Mr. Bonham, of Riohmond, and the oontraot price £1400. Mr. W. W. Wardell, of Sydney, is the arohiteot. The JeBuit Fathers first took oharge of the Biohmond mission in 1866, the founders of the mission under the new regime being the Rev, J. Dal ton, S.J., Superior; the Bev. E. Nolan, S.J.; and the Bev. D. M'Kiniry, S.J. For about four years the servioeB of the ohuroh were conducted in the little briok schoolchapel of St. James', Bridge-road, the Fathers residing in the adjoining presbytery. The ohapel has shoe disappeared, and the house then UBed BB a presbytery iB oooupied as a private dwelling. His (Trace was assisted at the ceremony on Sunday laBt by the Very Bev. Dean Donaghy. the Bev. Fr. Mulhall, S.J., the Bev. Fr. Oabill, S. J., the Rev. Fr. Murphy-, S.J., the Very Bev. Fr. Nulty, S.J., the Bev. Fr. Bryan, S.J., and the Bev. Father Kennedy, S.J. The Bev. Fr. Hubert Daly, B.J., and a number of novioeB of the Sooiety of JeBus were present About 1500 persona were assembled round tbe atone. The Arohbishop, in full pontifical vestments, performed the oeremony of the ritual for laying a foundation-stone, and translated the Latin prayera into English for the benefit of the large oongregation. After the ceremony, hiB Graoe reminded his hearers that the first atone of St. Ignatius' vras laid eighteen years ago by AtchbiBhop Polding—a noble man— under whom he had laboured forty years ago, when the place they now rested on was a wild foreBt. The work of a clergyman thenWBB vastly different from what it was now-a-days, and he exhorted his hearers not to show themselves less valiant nor leas laborious in the work of ptrengthening and spreading the Oatholio Religion than those who were before His Graoe, aooompanied by the olergy, then asoended a platform ereoted on the site. The aermon was preaohed by the Bev. Father Oahill, S.J., who chose for hia text, Isaiaa xsxv. 1, 2, and dwelt upon the progressive character of the Oatholio Ohuroh. In the oourae of hia aermon the preacher Mid that about the middle of this oentury so-oatled philosophers, journalists, authors, unbelievers, enemies of Christianity, men of every otaaa. warned Mtd threatened a Sovereign Pontiff. They Mid: " Weigh well the oonsequenoes of that aotion which you are about. Enow you not that you are about to waken aleeplng lion P You ehall exolte auoh a atom of Indignation in the Britiah Empire that you may destroy the remnant of the Oatholio faith." And the Pontiff reeled, VI must move on; I must preaoh the faith of Christ." The Pontiff did that not, and the storm did rise, «nd it passed •way, and the aot still vemalns. And 09 it la ever in the Ohuroh of Christ. That progress of theOatholic Gknroh la part of the mtsstonanr aplrlt M the Ohuroh at the present time, fli* facilities of communication with the pott distant plaoes is one of the means, •vailed of by the Church to propagate tbe Gospel. Civilisation oomea tn oon- i •act jith the moat distant part of the; \- »*r®*jB It more than counterrmenof oommsroe already steeped In vice, reoeived an additional one. Bdt in the same ship Is seht the missionary of Jesus Obrist. Making use of material progress as an ally, the Oatholio Ohuroh brings the Gospel to infldd nations. During tbe Pontificate of Pius IX. a hundred new diooeies were formed throughout the world, and the present Pontiff continues the same work. So the Oatholio Church still progresses. Enemies of the Oatholio Ohuroh, men who oall themselves philosophers^ reason of It as of a merely human institution. We know how men speak of the federation of the British Empire. M»ny apeak of it as impossible that an Empire be held together, and often asorlbe the fall of Rome to the weight of her very greatness. They say : " Can it be tbBt the same faith translated into all the languages oan oontinue f Will not some who profess the faith In the East return to the heresies of the early ages of the Ohuroh F Amerioa, in her pride and wealth, will fall away. Australia, so far away from the oentre of unity, will grow weary of that yoke and establish, perhaps, a national Ohuroh." Vain prophets I they forget that the Ohuroh IB the work of Goa—is one fold under one Shepherd. They go baok to the Tower of Babel and see a oonfusion of languages. But that burse was withdrawn when the gift of tongues was given at Penteoost. There is one language, however, oommon to every country—the language of Faith, Hope, and Charity; and, all speaking this language, we feel we are one. Tbe oeremony whioh they had witnessed that day WBB a small proof of the progress of the Holy Oatholio Ohuroh. In what oondition was the spot on whioh they stood fifty years ago —on that day in 1835? It was the oentre of a forest, where the untutored savage rambled, for he had no abode. Suppose a man like Isaias bad seen it, and foretold tbe soene whioh was enacted that day I Suppose he had described tbe crowd whioh the preaober addressed; the presence of a venerable Arohbishop, who had ruled over the Ohuroh in this part of Australia for about forty yeara, and of young men who had joined tbe ranks of the Children of St. Ignatius of Loyola, told of young women from that district who would be oalled to the religious state, as some had been. How marvellous would not suoh a prophecy have been regarded 1 He (Fr. Oahill) spoke not, for an obvious reason, of their pastor, but he 'would say that in tbe future as in the paBt, " the greater glory of God" would be the motive of all their actions. Is there nothing to fear in the future P There is an enemy whioh is reBtleBB. It is possible that the light of faith and xeal should disappear. It is possible that the faith ahould become weak and grass grow upon the threshold of yonder ohuroh. The faith would live there if their ohildren believed as they believed. But an attempt is made to destroy that faith by the' system of education whioh ia established in thia colony. That enemy, Secularism, never rests. He ia alarmed at the vigoroua effort we have made, and he has changed his taotioa. An effort is being made to give to ns in the schools a qualified eystem of religion. Extraota from the books used in the State schools have been published. In these the name of God appeared freal) d the name of Christ onoe. >is ia looked upon M a compromise, and it iB supposed that it will satisfy Catholics, Jews, Atheists, and Mahomedana (for there are some in this colony). The God whose name ia taught in these schools is aome God whose name cannot offend; whom tbe Buddhist, the Pagan, tbe Chinese, and the Unitarian may adore. But He ia toot our God, Father,Son, and Holy Ghost; He ia not Jeans Christ, born of the Immaculate Virgin, "who is therefore the Mother of God. An effort is being made to withdraw'QathoUos from the belief in that God whioh they have believed in from their Infancy. The Oatholioa of Biohmond had, up to the present, maintained their own sohools, and in doing eo they had done a -noble work. Let them persevere, then, In that good disposition, clinging to the faith whioh they bad reoeivea from their fathers: and let them ehow • by their generosity that day that they were thankful to God for the progress made, and that they were resdsedTOtnake still futtter progress tntbe furore. The Arohbishop delivered ashort 1 adareas, In whioh lie said thatthe tehools of the Oatholioa w«« everything to them. They must put tbair children in the Catholic echoola, andnot betray the trust that God had rased inihem. At tbe dose ofthe«Brfcan»«faUsotian was made in feid of thetaSldbg fond. BT. anOkOlfe, OAKLTOH. " > \- ' t.'li l|b«*|. harp solo was performed by Mrs. F. M. Olark; Kir. T. B. Browning sang with organ aooompanlment and otherwise; vooal selections were given by Miss Josephine O'Brien, Miss Alloe Burke, Mrs. F. O. Mason. Mr. W. H. O'Neill, and Mr. W. Champion 5 the band of the First Battalion Rifles played under the dlreotton of bandmaster Rellly; statue Illustrations were given by Mona. Vlotor and Mr. M. Nathan; Soottlsh dancing In national costume took plaoe j and piano performances at an hotel in the otty were beard by telephone. On Monday and Tuesday evenings tbe Enoampment was again well attended and special attraotlons were provided; and on Wednesday evening the undertaking was brought to a CIOBO. It is estimated that the proceeds will amount to about £8500. DIOCESAN SYNOD. A diooesan synod of the olergy of the Arohdiooese of Melbourne will ne held in St. Patriok's Cathedral on the 19th inat., oommenoing at 9 a.m. The synod is intended tobe preparatory to tbe national synod of Australia, which will be opened in Sydney on the 14th November next, under the presidenoy of the Archbishop of Sydney. At the Cathedral, on Sunday last, prayers were asked for tbe divine blessing upon the deliberations of the diooesan synod. CHILDREN'S PIONIO. The ohildren attending St. Paul's Roman Oatholio Sobool, Coburg, held their annual pionio on Thursday last, 23rd April. Having assembled at the sohoolroom in the morning, they were marched, under the guidanoe of their teaohers (MisBes Ooleman and Danellt), to Mr. Gilmour's paddock, whioh was kindly lent for the occasion, and after thoroughly enjoying themselves for several hours in the various out-door amusements—the weather being all that could be desired—they returned to the Bohoolroom in the evening, where a substantial tea was prepared for them; after which, having done justioe to tbe good things provided, the grown-up ortion and their friends indulged in Sanoing, whioh was kept up till an early hour, when the company broke up, well satisfied with the day's enjoyment. The Rev. Frs. 'Hayes, OollinB, Gallery, and Quinn were in attendance during the day, and contributed greatly to the amusement of the ohildren. THE CARMELITE FATHERS A meeting of the ladies and gentlemen who oonduoted the recent Shakspearian Fair, in the Melbourne Town Hall, in aid of the ereotion of a convent for the Oarmelite Fathers at Port Melbourne, was held at tbe Town Hall on Tuesday afternoon. The Hon, N. Fitzgerald, M.L.O., presided. Plans for the proposed building were exhibited. It will be oomposed of red briok, and ereoted in the domestio style of Gotnio arohiteoture. The principal spaoe is devoted to refectory, library, and large sleeping apartments, and there is an oratory in the wing. The verandah and baloony are recessed off the main wall after the style of Italian villas. A tower, of one storey, appears in front. The oost is estimated at £3000. The architects are Messrs. Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy, of Collins-street. Mr. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.O., chairman of the executive committee, introduced the business with a graoeful acknowledgment of the generosity of all classes of Melbourne citizens as shown during the currency of the Fair, "The Roman Catholics, he said, were under great obligations to their fellow-oltiiens of other denominations for their munifioent good-will and the extensive patronage which they had bestowed on the Shakspearian Fair. Mr. Jambs Hogan, the hon. treasurer, stated that the reoelpts from the various stalls amounted to £3212 Os 6d. That amount was made up as follows:— " All's Well that Ends Well" stall, £301; "The Tempest," £31615s. Cd. { "Much Ado About Nothing," £298 6s. 9d.j 41 Romeo and Juliet" £102 19s.; "The Merry Wives of Windsor," £131 4a.; " A Midsummer Night's Dream," £160; "The Merchant of Venice," £820 4s.: Twelfth Night," £290 6».s "A Winter'e Tale, ' £112 Is. 3d.; Tabard Inn, £206 6s. j refreshment 1 stall, £280s. 6d.; entrance and side shows, £440 17s. ( two ladies, £69 9*. lOd.; other sources, £361 9». The expenditure amounted to £612. Ths details were as follow s—Rent of Town Hall, £l67 t0s. { >rtotint 476."wvTnrt'is^Me ^SsMSBWO^c! this £2280 bad «*en J**»d to _jb» tklodilSiok «sltil«9Mft.1wr~^ interest at the cats of £2 £480 bad-been imi missionary steal and earnestness of Prior Butler and bis brother Carmelites sinoe their arrival in this colony. He expressed his oonviotion that tbe foundation of a Oarmelite convent in the neighbourhood of Melbourne would be a dietinot gain to the Oatholloity of the colony. Very Rev. Prior Butler, who was cordially greeted, thanked the ladles and tbe friends of all denominations for their combined efforts to make the Fair tbe splendid suooess of whioh they had uat bad proof. Not so. muoh on his own Ilehalf AS on behalf of tbe Oarmelite Order did he thank them, for tbe building that would be raised through their generous efforts would stand, he hoped, for all time as the parent house of the Carinalites in Viotoria. Votes of thanks to the seoretary (Mr, Wood) and the treasurer Mr. Hogan) having been oarried by aoolamatlon, it was announoed that the artunion in oonneotion with the Fair, from whioh another £3000 was expeoted, would be drawn in June. PRESENTATION CONVENT STAR OF TDK BEA, KLBTERNWI0K. Four young ladies reoeived the white veil at the above convent, on the 27th inst., from the hands of his Graoe the Arohbishop, assisted by the Very Bev. Dean Donaghy. The ladieB' names are: —Sister Mary Alphonaus (Miss Southern), Sister Mary Franoes (Miss Buokleyl Sister Mary Michael (Miss O'Sulllvsn), and Sister Mary Clare (Miss Conway), Amongst the clergymen present were the following:—The Rev. Frs. Carey, M'Eenna, Fawelly(Kilmore), Fitzgerald, Qullter (Dandenong), M'Gee, Quinn, O'Oallaghan, &c.; BODALITT OF THB BLESSED VIRGIN. The ordinary weekly Bervioe for the members of the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin attaohed to St. Patriok'a Oollege took plaoe on the evening of yeaterday week In the College ohapel. After the Offioe had been reoited, a leoture on Bt. Joseph (the FeaBt of whose Patronage ooourred on Sunday laBt) was delivered by the director, the Very Bev. Fr. Nulty, S.J. OATHOMO SOCIETIES. At the usual meeting of the St. Patrick's branch of the V.O.T.M.S., held in the Cathedral Hall on Thursday, 23rd April, Mr. J. O'Keeffe presided. The patronage of the sooiety was granted to the St. George's branohof the H. A.O.B.S. for their first annual oonoert and balU The routln* of business having been disposed of, the seoretary read a report of the preliminary meeting held on the trevlous evening for the purpose of formng an Irish-Australian corps. This announcement was reoeived with muoh enthusiasm, when the meeting terminated. A meeting of tbe Emerald Hill branch of the V.O.Y.M.S. was held in the SB. Peter and Paul's sohoolroom on Monday, 27th April; Mr. Bam, president, in the chair. Mr. Moore was admitted as a member. There were two nominations for membership. It was deoided to hold a social in the sohoolroom, in aid of the benevolent oommittee's fund. The patronage of the branob was granted to a oonoert and ball for the benefit of Widow Hegarty and ohildren. It was deoided to elect at the next meeting six additional members on the benevolent oommittee. A vote of thanks was accorded to the St. Patriok'a branoh benevolent committee for the courtesy shown by them to the members of the Emerald Hill branch on the occasion of their visit to the hospital on Sunday last.' The Gselong Oatholio Young Men's Literary Association held its usual social on last Friday evening, In St. Marys schoolroom, There was a large attendanoe of the members and their mends. These pleasant evenings have become very popular, and it Is evident to all that they assist materially to bring the Oatholio young wen of Geelong together, and thereby help to cement that Mendshlp mod good feeling which exist amongst them. The first portion of the programme oonidkted of songs and recitations, in whtoh the following ladles and genUemen. iooV , jirt i—-Misses Mullen aai M*Ooy, and Messrs. Molomby, O'Connor, Keenan-Kerley, Holden, Ryan, Kearney* n« rantV I n 8. Olarke played the oeo&pfci;&»*t& with her nsnal ability. he Mmltuder of the prim that were Hot prsSssoted on Easter Monday were candetl tt tlw anooewful competitors. An impMtaptu danoe brought in enjoy ^leTt«il«* to a cAose. 