LUCY 'LE'S MtISTALKE, " I think I cnn trust you, Lucy i" said Mrs. Evelyn. I hope so, ma'am,'" saild Lucy Lee, colouring and playing nervously with the string of her apron. SLucly L?eo was the daughter of lire. Evelyn's houve idbfper, the girl who asnpired to the coveted position of t' own melld to that lady, when the present incumbent ,had tmarried thie ex-conchman, an event in " high lifo below stairs" whlilch was pon about to transpire. And Mlrs. Evelyn, clltid suddenly away to Brighton for a few days, hind decided to leave Lucy in charge of the iouse iI Park-street. Anl a proud little :lnalo Lucy was, ans aeo futfered about the, Iouse In the first days of lilm. Evelyn's absence, Mrs. Evelyn het truithd trttl her, and Mrs. Evelyn should see that shie was worthy of the conlldeneoo reposed in her. ldt-tt?he third revening Norah, tlhe cook, who took charge of the lower region' of tile house, called to her up the back stairs: u! ]i,u theri's tw girl her e10 to .y u ' SOh 'a" iold Lucy, "i tlilik it's likely lt's.nrloa Ha1rt nild Nelly Brown, . Please aisk themn up, Norah." Maria Ilnrt nas a waitreos in, a restiaurant. Nelly iBrown wsloked In it skirt factdriy; iut to jiudge by their celp in lery, plumes, ndti jeittllininas oneo would have ilngilued them to be independenitly will oil. Lu cywelcomed t!hemnltiv iti siile. T:hey had all three been at school together, arnd inl her unsophllstited little heart Luoy thought their raoimentplendid. \- So you'rc'all alote, laucy ?" said Mtis Hart. "Yo," esid Lihcy, tnllng i; "nil alo;te.. l Be nconictuto n?e you often ?" giggled Nelly;. t tOh, ' dlinveit tnhyboait," answered inocent Lucy. "MaNrin has, thoughui,'nid Nelly Paubody. " Got engaged last week, lie drives a iaker's cart and wears tlhe t ate mostacl nt !tict " " In it'really true?"' ald Lucy, looking admlrlngly at arinr., "tYes,"limpered Marls, "it'is trite i He sklted me to go to an bll tomorrow night." . • , "Are youtgoing ?' asked LIucy, thinking. Maria Hart must be tl ehiplpieot girl itn the world.. " Yl'eiJ'nt j;ol ig,'! onitd liies Hart, "otand that's why I've cemd Ire.?ro. dI oist have dl'ecet dress to wear, and I've stnpet my wngeu, every pennyly." "IlutI can't letid'you tiythlingl,' sald .Lucy, in a Ilurry. 1I lhaven'teven a half-crown." - t ' O,p phaw t said Marnia; I don't .waut you to lend mo any money, yoitpoo "little chic i!; :Only Helen lay nlotd worothcsweetest caunary-colouredollk, trltimed wvith rea,black lace alt a ball last lmonth, and sebionld that Jaon 1111il got it: forher1iout iof lier lnldy'sti?irdrobo. Joane heps all the keys, rintl hier nllmstres ,over sus pected that tile dress wane goot Ifor lti ight.' uWasnt't tlhat sharp of June?' ": dion't kiow," oid Lucy, omnewhat boewildered. " Aild I 'thou?ht," tiddlt d Marlia,; opitking smoothly and plsialbly," " that, as Mrs; Evelyn was: gone, and vo!y were' left in charge of evervtling, you wquldn't mind ?itlitg trnean gobd'tuirn a'tit ilncl;taudl gettiig thu loan of sn: of lher tlhneverilug.drcones for mno! It's only or. one nightt, yon tiOiV, and I wouldt be verye. careful eof ,I ,? hI'ciul't,"' id Lie y, coloring tenrlet. lMarie biurst into tears hbehlit a ilmasy nlace pockee "-mi herolief .: "'Thitt?t, of courseo;,an't igo," said lshe. ,"And he's It ho thlere-an tinnd-- Hlere her voico'.ried?lnivsy hito. hai -sup'presn series of gurgling sobs. \- "0O,, Lioyv l?o? tlhink vyot ?,iht,', snid rMNelly, lrown, reproachfully. ": tlidit't beileve y;ou were so esollish and cowardly. Only.:fort oine night,'you: kiowt. No harmn dotne. Aid dear Mlrian inmade so lhappy. ' thit 1 don't thlk ito' right,'; hl ldtcy, pitcostly. A:,i`Atid wlhy not?!' demniudcdAMnarli stlll bellhind the pocket lhnlidkercllifr., If, It was aily way wrong, of ouiro' I owouldn't as li'lt;f' you." I·-bhbut- " And away went the jerky little ob ngain:.; And Luey'ylelded Miet MaInrian Iart was quite it' her element, looking over the contoets of Mris Evelyn's mirror- fronted ward "I'llW1 ear this,' said shei, ;sleotitg, at Inst, ' superb glanrd silk of thie softest shadeu of pitk. "Itll 'Il be obe. colunltg to my brunette? complonlin.t.'Though, for that matter, to would thls cream-yellow, but pinlk is the most ldistantiry " O, yon, 'tler, sweet little: Lucy, you, shall ceriltanly be my brlid' :ntalid," '' ' ' : ! ut you l-bio very dareful of itP' esaid Luoy,lwhose heartwase tegltinnflu s toeilk wlthlit her. r ~t couars I w;111i t sid lMariaHnrt. o Atnd thy ttinrk'tlielr ieaie, hod i?ith themi wentt ou, poor lIttle Luoyt' peae o f mlnid. Tlle nextday Irut one, .n pircel vwas left at the door for Mrs. Evelyn, by: adisroputablolooking little boy. Norali carried It up, and Inld It on Luoy'd bed. The .poor girle could hitrdly, wait to open. it uhtil sire was alone. " It was the pink silk dress, creased and crunlmpled, with i note pinned to It,,ir MIlria Hiart's coarse handwritinlg. "D)nn Lucy : I Rettrn the Drec,. Hlad theMlifor tune to splia .little io.creme oi the sidtlo-bredth, but have took it'out with Beneo?eu, no Noo one would Know. I itam Mutch obliged, atrd Remiusro " Your arfetionato MARItA." With a finting heart Lucy unrolled tilhe parcel and naw that the dress was ruined ; what the oleaginous strealt of loo-cream lId commllenced, the daubs of belln riueo had finished Ionot offectually. Ltucy buret into tears, and sinring down on a chair hid her face in hier Irnds. " I knew it was ro wrng," shte nobbed. " Oh, why, why did I allow m ryself to be over- persuaded ! I have been false to my lcharge ! I have proved myself unworthy to be trusted ! I shall be dismissed without it reference, and mother's heart will be broken ! " Mrs. Evelyn came bacik tile next day. Lucy Lee mtet iter with a fact libo a ghost. " Why, child, what is tie matter ?" said Mra. Evelyn, kindly. And Lucy wivtitl faltering voice told the whole truth, oexculpating Ierself in no oneo particular. it Of course you'll dischargo mre, u'ain,"' sRaid Lucy; " but if you'll be so good as to wait, I know miother 'll pay the valur of the dresa in ilttaliuenttt out of her wages, and I'll lmake it good to her when I get another plaep--if ever I do !" And venturing to glance, through liher tear, into Mrs. Evelyt'su face, she saw that it had not hardened into the stony anger shie had expected to behhl. MlIr. Evelyn aIit heIr hand kindly on the shrinking shoulder. " Lucy," said she, " you have had ia lanon. See that yoru profit by it in the future." "' Tlen-ithen yoru will not discharge ite? fluttered Lucy, scarcely able to believe in ter own good fortune. "No," said Mrse. Evelyn, kiindly, " not tlis time. For your mnother's snak, Lucy--and also for your own-1- will glve you another trial." So poor Lucy Leo kept her place, after all, and Mro. Evelyn had lo cause to regret her lenileny. For Lnoy needed no mlore tithan that one lesson to teach her that " the way of trausgressors is hardl." A SONPAY paper sayR thnt " E. L. D)avenport is atR thl Hot SlPingi Arkasa, rrtrt, where ie iiv etaying for ithe Inerllit of tire crattrsu.r We are gt]ad ii lrt lt latnt nt effort is to le mlttde to itlprove tiho: waters. Mrt. 8Aitrt. Snt ,tu.s in crcdited witlh thie fol lowtitt rpliltri:tlr: "'Tihose wltholn (;od had joindi ilt matrlniouy." he nye, " ill-cooked joints antl ill-boiled pottatos havIe very tiften ptlt sntttiler." A ,lrtirnoult ayo of the unean who cateo in end borrtwcd tls rlortarr, alnd forgoL toi rertain it, tintr " he's a Is'tr-lienrt frllowr." Tonr musitt bi a terriblo deirthi of employmttnt it London when a itrm who tlavertised for a gatektpecr lasrt week rr'cti\nled Oti0 rllrnt\Vrlt . AN Irinhl genthltman hrttnly fought a duel ccwiih hris intinatte frltitld, ierrt l h?r e j ,nseiP rssert ti thaitt he wacr born wrtcout t shirt on his btirr IT is stated that a distresscd pltreollt of "rieh origil and peCutii'rittis reectly fravoured the ltollee weitt' thie follociwhg tcetriitilionr of a rrunaway daughiter, iwho was l]nptrsed to tsvt iotdr- " Tali, fair, itliti the yr te[ourr years ytnurger than tsh look." IIMn.S.h.,, in hit woirk," 'naria Icerclif Agarli," ttlls is thrlt he f.iundtt, cwhen Ilt: 1 t i'l Paris dll rin IlltinI ]"uxhibitiotn, that ire enoulti get. r pleaiant brniakfari t at Lartllllt tr 8 11, in t Avr e nute Ml trig tlly, i 'hre th ' ire \?a' twaiter clwhn lhid tile rlt', rre' inll illl'lt , iof tlkiung I, ; l tet, rad chri rtnnntrl ttr icave itarint English r n tine Olluntlor i metoi " Yo ' t' ine ittgl , nlll,"hr n lllit nl, "tli'n ter i nll gl-t gatllnt. I Iht gardlenitu til rit tllltter tire torel leel. Over ith .ir n trct,-t of itt' g?tttdin tthlrrtt tht, dithr'er of \eenhing tontttrs the illuuintintitrn of itte , , Notw Igivt' yornt t]it' and tire unihrtlt. Iht\er yant his tunhr"i]a ? t Frtt ui, i htr r, trler a the umrtlntlht of the Ettglisit gt'nrtinlan ? t lSty, I havc the iattshttt ere itwlat of InrAMnc , "lt Now tell me whlat you cotneidtr the ehlf i ondrtitieon of hItutmnan exietette ?" UIndeirgTa duatl c "T ' el sir." ExiI nhIter : "tIb oe lo" UltdOir. er:tulatet: "Oh, it's very ainllelo Iow u an a hlunttn eolng cxist who Inao not tie tlnle to do ?o?' 