MIDLAND JOCKEY CLUB. (by oub. ovk reporter.) Oatlands, March 10. Stewards —Messrs. C. S. Agnew, R. Harrison, J. Headlam, R. D. Lord, James Lord, Sydney Page, A. H. Page, J. Carr Lord, Dr. G. E. Butler. Judge — Mr R. Harrison. Starter— Mr James Lord. Clerk of the Scales — Mr P. MacLaren. Clerk of the Course — Mr John Crossin. Qandicapper — Mr P.- G. Monaghan. Hon. Secretary — Mr Sydney Page. The annual meeting of the Midland Jockey Club took place to-day, and was favored with fine weather, which was the means of altrae :ing a good attendance, about 1000 putting in an appearance, notwithstanding the small fields of horses engaged. The late sales of local horses, and also the absence of some of our leading sporting men at the autumn carnival of the V R.C. had a disastrous effect upon the acceptances, but after all the sport was very good, and the day riinVniiorVilv ^movable. which mav be accounted for by the excellent way the whole of the arrangements were carried out. The secret of this is undoubtedly that the committee are all thorough racing men, 'and as such, work together in order to bring their meetings to a successful issue. This was by no means the easiest day for the club to hold their njjeting, because a great many improvements have recently been made, and as they were not quite finished it was not possible tefmake the fullest use of them. However, the whole of the races were started and run off with punctuality, aud I must certainly give them the highest credit for their labors. The improvements alluded to consisted of a j new grand stand, which is alike strong, commodious, and elegant. The plans for its construction were prepared by Mr W. H. Lord, of Hobart, and the building erected by Messrs. Grubb Bros., who also had the contract for the railway extension from Parattah here. The building is 40ft j long and 30ft deep, the height in front j being 20ft, and back 25ft. It has been built upon a stone foundation, and the remainder of the structure is of hard and soft „ woods, and corrugated iron. Underneath the stand, which is approached by two flights of Bteps, are jockeys weighing, ladies' and committee rooms, and another room will also be added to complete the building, and when finished it will be used for a reporters' room. There is also a long bar under, the stand entrance, which is gained by a door which, I think, will prove insufficient, aud this, I am of opinion, is the only fault in the building, but one easilg remedied. The floors at present are only sand, but they are to be asphalted, and when this is done, and the stand painted, it will be far . in advance of any other country club in the colony. A neat little lawn had been enclosed by abattenfence, and ornamental seats had been placed upon it. A high paling fence between the lawn and saddling paddock will be replaced by a hedge, and a carriage paddock will be fenced off at the rear of the saddling paddock. Up to the present £260 has been spent upon the stand and enclosure, i and it is the intention of the club to | spend a great deal more. A capital I luncheon had been prepared by Mr j Smith, of the OatlancU Hotel, aud it did him great credit, and the hospitality of 1 the committee was extended to visitors from other clubs, and also to your repre sentative. The racing was only moderate, although one or two animals displayed much im proved form, notably Amelia and Mari gold. The fields in all instances were small, three being the highest number engaged in one race, and the Steeplechase would have been a walk over, only Mr George Law was anxious that the public should see a race. There was not any - betting done, beyond a few private ' five bobs,' and the time-honored sweeps. In the Hurdle Race Castlebar was the only absentee, his owner thinking him got good enough to compete with Castleton at the weight. The latter won easily from old Spcculation, but he made one mistake, which nearly altered the issue, as he came a cropper at the second fence A protest was entered against the winner for jostling when nearing the hurdle at which he fell, but it was dismissed. Amelia surprised her trainer and friends by the easy way she won the Maiden Plate, and there can be no question that if she had been in as good form at Elwick or Mowbray she would have won some thing richer. She did the same thing in the Flying Handicap, thus making the rourtn wm ior iroweii s staoie. xne con- | dition of Mr Field's daughter of St. ; Albans and Bella reflects the highest credit on Joe Powell, and it gives an idea of \vhat he is capable in the art of pre paring horses for a race. Caramut, ; the winner of the Oatlands Han- | dicap, also had a good polish, 1 and he, too, upset all liis former bad running by winning with great ease from The Barb, who, however, had not any light to be in the second place, because The Knave was almost pulled into a walk in order to let the Brighton horse pass him. Certainly there was nothing to be gained by running second, bnt those who tack a horse would like to see him run out to the finish, and thc-re are always some who think a horse could win even when he has'nt the ghost of a show. Caramut's jockey wa? only just the weight, so that if he had been short tho prize would have fallen' to The Barb, and then how the Waverley stable would have looked. The Members' Cup, a handsome piece of plate, presented by Mr James Lord, was won by Marigold, and such was the en thusiasm with which the win was re ceived that directly after the m are shot past the post a few of the more exultant ones shouldered his owner, Algernon Pago, and carried him across the lawn. W hen ' all rieht' at the scales was given the cheers were loud and long. Caledonian had no difficulty in winning the Steeplechase, and the win was a very popular one. Cheers were also given to Mr George Law for old Speculation's performance, which was cer tainly a very good one. Mr James Lord promises to make as good a starter as his father, and his efforts to-day were crowned with success. All the other officers were extremely obliging and courteous to your representative, and they performed their tasks most efficiently. The Oatlands Brass Baud, conducted by Mr Madden, performed several selections on the lawn very creditably. The following are the results : — Handicap Hcedle Race. — Of 30 sovs. Ac ceptance 1 suv added. Distance, about two miles. Mr R. Cameron's b c Castleton, by Castle Hill — Ocrvus mare, aged, 9sfc lUb (in cluding 41b over) ? (G. Salter) 1 Mr G. Law's c h Speculation, aged, 9st 321b ? (G. Law, jun.) 2 Castlebar was scratched. Castle! on led over the first linrdle, cutting it out, but just after getting over, Sjjcc llation went to the front and led to ?ho nest jump, when he ran round. At this hurdle Castleton struck heavily and fill, aiid^threw his rider clean out of the saddle. Salter, however, was quickly mouuitd, an.) managed to get over before Law could get his horse back to the jump, but when Speculation did get ov- r lie gave ! chase, aud got within about six leng lis nf the leader. This position was kept tp along past the stand, old Spej. going very : proppy, but at the hurdle opposite the , stand Castleton .led, although he jumped as awkardly as before. When this had been got over Speculation began to draw up, but at the last three obstacles Castle ton led, and although Speculation strug gled game y, ne wes beaten by a lengtu and a half. Time, 4min 45sec. A protest was entered against the winner for jost ling, but it was dismissed. Maidbn Plate. Mr W. Field's b m Amelia, by St. Albans — Bella ? (A. Boles) 1 Mr A. H. Page's b m Marigold (J. Webb) 2 Mi T. Cosgrove's b h Shamrock (W.Hewitt) 3 Led Astray was scratched. Tliis race needs veiy little description, as Amelia got the best of the start, and made the pace veryhot ; infactshepulledso hard that the jockey could hardly keep her on the course, and she held the lead to the finish, winning hands down by 10 lengths. Oatlands Handicap.— Of 50 sovs. Distance about 1J miles. Mr J. Powell's b h Caramut, by St. Albans — Aglaia, 6st 121b ... (E. Morris) 1 Mr K. Walker's b b Barb, 7st 31b (Hastings) 2 Mr C. S. Agnew's b c The Knave, Sst Gib ? ? (Kearney) 3 Granville 8st 101b, and Marigold Cst 71b, were scratched. Mr Lord was not long in getting the field away, The Barb being first to show prominently, although Caramut deprived him of the lead almost immediately, and then took them along at a good pace. As they rounded into the straight The Barb was improving his position, but as they raced towards the stand Caramut held a lead, and .as they passed . the lawn the two last named were running neck and neck, The Knave, a length off, last, but as they went up the hill the Waverley colt passed The Barb, who seemed to have had' enough of it, and challenged the leader. Opposite the stand The Knave liad his -head iu front f jr a little way, but as th'ey turned Into the straight Caramut held a decided lead, and came in a winner by five lengths. The Knave led The Baxb for about half a mile, the latter, appearing b&aten;, but at the finish Kearney held the Waverley colt back, and allowed The Barb to run, into second place. Time, 2min 6l£sec. Mehbeb's Cup. — A piece of plate - value 20 sovs, presented by a member. Welter handicap. To be ridden by members of the M.J.C. Once round the courss and -a distance; Mr A. H. Page's b m Marigold, by Horatio — Peter Finn mare, 10st ? (J. Kearney) 1 Mr C. S. A?new's b h The Knave, list 121b . - . ? : - ..;{Mr J. Smith) 2 Mr Jos; Powell's b m Midnight list 31b ? (Aitken) 3 Granville (12st) was scratched. - , Marigold was the first away, - but Mid- - night took lead from her as they passed the stand, and lead round the turn.-- -As they rose the hill The Knave ran into second place, and Marigold dropped back last, a long way in the rear, leaving the running to Midnight and The Knave, but at the far turn she had a say in it, for Kearney brought her up, and she easily passed the leaders, and as they entered the straight she held a lead, which she increased, and won by six lengths, the same distance separating the others. Time, 2min 4§secs, ? Steeplechase (Handicap).— Of 45 sovs. Dis tance, about 2 miles. Mr David Taylor's b g Caledonian, Horatio — Countess, 10st 131b ... (J. Kearney) 1 Mr Geo. Law's b g Speculation, lOst 21b ? (G..Law, jun.) 2 Speculation led over the first' fence, and at the double in front of the stand was about 50 yards ahead Of Caledonian. There was not the slightest change-in the' positions as they ran the course, and both were jumping well until the far turn was reached, when Caledonian came up to him, and the fence in the straight was taken by both together. Caledonian led over the double in front of the stand, and as they went up the hill it could be seen that the race was all over, and old' ' Spec' was beaten. There was only one more fence that was taken by Caledonian about a length in advance -of Spec, and then Kearney had no difficulty in landing him a comfortable winner by three lengths. Time, 5min lOsec. Frying Hakdibae — Of 30 sovs.: Distance, three-quarters of a mile. Mr Field's Amelia, by St. Alban's— Bella, 7st21b ? (Morris) 1 j Mr R. Walker's Barb, 7st 51b (Hastings) 2 I Almost directly after the 'flag fell' when once she had shaken The Barb off, she steadily increased her advantage^ and ultimately won by six or '7 lengths. Time, lmin 17sec. . 