' A PIOUS FRAUD; , ' By the Rev. D. Mackay, formerly a Rohisii ' Priest. Before, entering upon the; explanation of what we call " A Pious Fraud, " we propose making a few remarks,? upou; the exclusive claim of the Church of Rome to salvation. We also propose preaching a short .sermon, in; moderate language, to that,. Church, in the name of, St. Peter and. tho other Apostles,' risen from the dead for that 'purpose, giving in it the outlines of leading events, which are well known to. the historian. . .. The Church of Rome is, without exaggera tion, : the most arrogant? Christian denomina tion in. the, world, by, her imperious claims to be the solo-depositaiy of; Divine revelation, and the only safe teacher in educating souls for eternity. .Now, considering that the Chris- tians outsine her communion exceed in number those who are. inside it, and taking also into account , that the number of 'Pagans in the world is greater than all the Christians put together, her, claims, to say the least, apponr presumptuous and astounding. If the millions of Pagans, who are outside the pale of Chris tianity, and. who have God for their Eternal Father as, well as Christians,— if the millions of Christians who are outside her communion, but who belong to, the Church of Josus Christ by baptism, are to be eternally lost, and if none but those who belong to the Church of tho Pope are to be eternally saved, we must ac knowledge that the Church of Rome not only possesses the keys of the kingdom of heaven, but also the keys of the lower regions, and that she makes very , bad use of the latter. If she really possessed the illimitable and. irre sponsible which she claims, and if it were to be of universal use, we think that the evidence, for it ought to be sufficiently clear to all, if not as self-evident as the stars of hoaven or the sun in a cloudless sky, at all events as clear to satisfy us that she has received such power from God, as the evidence by which astronomers convince us that the moon bor rows her light from the sun. Her claims however, aro not self-evident truths, which must be a matter of great regret to her best theologians, because in that case they could con-, nince tho world of them. Wo honestly confess - ; tliot we find neitherdirect nor indirect evidence for her God-like claims. We moan God-like so far as the Church of Romo claims equal. power with God, and devil-like so far as she equals tho devil in malice by sending, according to , her own teaching, tho whole human family to , eternal pordition, except that small section of it which is called Romanist. Instead of find ing clear ovidenco for her boundless, but in- , operative claims, we have to acknowledge that we find the most markod deviations from the Word of. God in her system, which we find essentially wrong, judged by the standard of Scripture, and by the standard of nature. The Church of Romo, of course, claims to. bo a faultless mirror, < which reflects, as the Church of Christ ought to do, all the truths , taught by Himself and His Apostles, Devout and enlightened men of various countries, down from the Greek schism to the present time, have not only glanced but intently gazed at that mirror, with tho result that they have found it to bo not a true but a false mirror, which distorts the leading truths of Christi anity. The imago ;which it reflects is not , merely a caricature of Christianity, but sorae- tmng monstrous on account ot tho almost numberless human additions which the Romish Church has made to Christianity. ;> If the Apostles wore to come from the other world to preach, a . sermon to the Church of Rome, as Samuel did to reprimand Saul ; and. if St. Peter, with his usual readiness, undertook to be , thoir spokesman, he would address her in his own name and in tho name of the other Apostles somewhat as follows : — " Wo hardly recognise thee, 0 thou proud Church of Rome, thou art so fallen from thy former splendour and matchless power. ' He that exalteth, himself . Bhall be . humbled.' Thou art so altered in faith, in morals, and in. discipline since Apostolic times, and so loaded and ornate, with Ritualism, that pure Chris tianity is well-nigh smothered within thy bosom. We find thy organisation a master- piece of human ingenuity, and not a natural: evolution out of Gospel truth. W e find it so , full of laws directly opposed toiChristian liberty, that thy children may justly say of it, what tlio old Romans formerly said of the? code of laws, which . governed thei'r once mag nificent empire, Summum jus summa injuria. Historians have already written thedeclineand fall of that great empire, and now historians are beginning to write thy decline and fall. Jesus Chrint founded a Church which His AjFostlea planted in. various countries and watered with their blood, (except . St. John, who died a natural death), just, as Paul and I planted thee here ..and watered thee with our blood. The objoct of tho Cliurch of Christ was to assimiliate every, truth .and to eliminate every error, so -as to, harmonise man both with the? law of nature .and with the law of grace; but. thou art an accuraulation of errors against all lnw.; W® deeply grieve for thy apostacy. we are simpiy asiounaea at tlie modern prerogatives of thy Popes, whose real names are Bishops. Thou rememberest well that I . even called myself an elder: or presbyter. We cannot, acknowledge, the infallibility of thy Popes, which is the climax of thy impiety, making , man equal in knowledge, veracity, and supervision to God himself. When the Roman Emperors commenced to be apothe- osised, the vast empire which they represented and . which ruled the whole civilised, and a good deal of the barbarian world, commenced to decline. Since the Popes are now exalted to the rank. of deities, the whole world, Pagan: and Christian, will -begin to flout at thee and to tear thee in pieces. ; . " Thou , sayest that, thou hast inherited in fallibility;: from; me; but it. is .false;,. :1s it. anywhere in Scripture. said that my successors were to be. infallible?. It is not; but.it is clearly laid- down there : that when two or: three, would: moot together in the. name of. Jesus Christ,; in; whatever -place they might meet, that Christ Himself would be in the : midstof them. All the other apostles enjoyed the same powers, as I; did, and in that case, if . thy, Popes. are. infallible,- so are all . those who have succeeded to the, other apostles. I will make this clearer still to thee!. We were all equal in power, as . have already said, which is .very plain from our mode of procedure, when. a Berious dispute arose amongst us with regard/to the; circumcising lof-i the Gentiles. I did not decide that point independently of the other apostlos and - elders, as thy Popes would have done, and consequently, I did hot send to them encyclical letters stating that I had done so in my capacity of vicar of Christ, and that if thoy did not obey me, they would be excommunicated., I would have willingly decided the, disputed point, as I was anxious about it, if I had felt authorised to do so, but I had no independent authority. If I had authority to settle this point, the other apostleB, knowing - my infallibility, would have bowed to my decision as to that of the Son of God Himself ; but thou knowest that Paul withstood me to the face. Whatdid we do? We acted in a way which was to be a precedent for all future ages, and which was acted upon until thou excommunicatedst the Greek Church. " We called a general council of the apostles and elders at Jerusalem, to settle toe disputed point. St. James took- the. chair, not because he w®8 superior to any- of the apostlos, but because he was in the first see of Christendom. He took precedency at the council as a mere point of etiquette, and was for the time being primus inter pares, just as thy Popes used to be later on, because tlioy occupied the first see in tho Christian world. After a good deal of warm discussion amongst the members of the council, I rose up and told liow God had dealt with the Gentiles as if they had been circumcised, but I pronounced nothing ex cathedra . Then Bnrnabns and Paul succes sively rose in the midst of profound silence and declared what miracles and wonders God had wrought among tho Gentiles through their ministry. James, who was in the chair, closed the discussion by giving judgment as follows : — ' Wherefore my sentence is, that we trouble not them which from among the Gentiles are turned to God ; but that wo write unto them, that they abstain frompol- lutions of idols, and from fornication, and from things strangled, and from blood.' James's sentence was followed to the letter. Thou scest, therefore, how we acted by the collective voice of tho Church, and not by the mandate of a single individual. Thou hast now, alas ! reversed this order. Thy in fallibility, however is nowhere j neither can we acknowledge tby supremacy ; and thou sliouldst recollect that thy primacy is of civil origin. " Wo are also much displeased with thy doctrine with regard to tho decrees of general councils. Thou sayest that they are unalter able, like tho laws of tho Medes and Persians. And wo, indeed, agree with thee so for as they are Scriptural, or based upon Scripture, but in all other things they aro of necessity alterable, being only regulative rules for the time being, subject to alteration, or even annulling, from the exigences of times. If thou dost believe this doctrine, why hast'thou acted quite contrary to it? We prohibited strangled meat and blood, by the decrees of the General 'Council of Jerusalem, but thou allowest them. . "Thy works of supererogation cause us the deepest pain. There have boon sins enough already in the world, but thou hast created millions more by thy works of supererogation. Thou hast hot only recommended such works, but thou hast- commanded' them under pain of mortal sin. Thou knowest that where the Scriptures havo left men free, thou hast no right to bind them. Thou hast; therefore, no right to command, under pain of eternal damnation, as thou most frequently dost, when the Scriptures have not commanded under such penalty. I shall not enumerate thy sinful creations in this line, but they make up more than half thy creed. " But why dost thou forbid thy clergy to marry ? Where is the commandment for this in Scripture ? I myself was a married man. Paul tells me, that he wrote these words expressly against thee (1 Timothy, chap, iv.)— -'Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in ' the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, 'and ' doctrines of devils, ' speak ing lies in hypocrisy ; having their con science seared witlva hot iron, forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats which God has created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth. For every creature of God ts good.' But what grieveB us most is the way in which thou hast broken the unity of Christendom. The first great blow which thou aimest at this unity was when thou oxcommunicatedst the Greek Church, through pride and ambition to rule, as history too plainly relates. We deeply deplore thy rash ness and obstinacy on this occasion. The second groat blow thou didst aim at the unity of Christendom was, when thou didst excom municate the Reformed Churches which justly rose against thy usurpations and corruptions. We also deeply deplore thy cruelty and in justice on this occasion. Thou are now thy self crippled and torn to pieces by intestine dissensions. Thou art still going on in the career of destruction and imbecility ; but thou must-remember that times ore changed,' and that thy old -policy has no longer room in the world. "In conclusion we say to thee, Woo to tho Apostate Church of Rome 1 Jesus Christ founded a Church to save, but thou art a des troying! angel. - Thou art' 1 at the present moment only, fit for an infant state of society; on account of . thy cruelty, corruptions, and imbecilities, which the civilised world has outgrown. :Jlnathema sis. Be -not aggrieved at these words, for they are the blessing which thou thyself hast so freely and frequentlj' bestowed upon all those who have had the courage to. lift their ' voice against thy de plorable errors." We now couie to expoise what we have en titled a pious fraud; The alleged translation of the- house;' in which the Virgin Mary dwelt at Nazareth, to Loretto in Italy, is a well- known story inf the Christian world. Although the,1. story- is .-a', fiction, no matter what Catholics may say to the contrary, originating either in; the piety or craft of-, the Middle Ages, it is not devoid of religious beauty. It is j beautiful to imagine that'. the hbuse: in which ' the mother of Jesus had dwelt- whilst on earth .would1 be so' respected by Heaven as to have1 been transported' -by angels -froth the desecration of the iTurks into, the heart of a Christian ' country, where it would bo duly venerated. If this story1 had not gone beyond the limits ; of ; literary fiction, embellished as no .doubt it would bo in 'the course of ages; by different' writers, or religious novelists, we should not say anything against it ; but finding it embodied in stone and mortar where it will ; live visibly for ages, on account of the culpable countenance which the Popes have given it, wo have thought proper to givo it as a specimen of the false miracles of the Church .of Rome. In order to enable the reader to understandi'ully what is designated by- Roman Catholics as the "House of Loretto," we shall first give a few historical facts before relating the legend itself. Nazireth is a village of Syria, situated in the' midst of scenery of groat beauty, sixty miles north from Jerusalem. It is celebrated for being the residence of the Saviour and of his reputed father and His mother. The house in which they lived is said to have been a grotto excavated in a rock with a little main bnfidmg of stono work in front. Aronnd this building centres the history of the Annunciation of the Conception of the Saviour in the womb of tho Virgin Mary by the opera tion of the Holy Ghost. It was there that she received, from the lips of one of the brightest spirits that stand before the throne of God, one of the most beautiful messages which Heaven had yet sent to earth, in these words, as recorded by St. Luke: "Hail! thou that are highly favoured ! the Lord is with thee : blessed art thou amongst women. Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found favour with God. And, behold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a Son, and shall call His name Jesus." In the sack of Nazareth, which took place in\tho year 74, under the Emperor Vespasian, it is said that the house of the Virgin was not touched, and that it remained under the ruins of the village until the Empress Helena dis covered it. , She being a devout Christian, and anxious to preserve it in its touching sim plicity, built round it a church, whose mag nificence was both creditable to her own piety and the object which she had in view. In the year 1291 the whole of Palestine unfortunately fell into the hands of the Turks, in spite of the heroic efforts of the Crusaders to retain it. The Turks, -who breathed nothing but cruelty and hatred for Christianity, only spared what they could not prudently destroy. They put twenty-five thousand Christians to the sword, and reduced to slavery two hundred thousand, .and all the holy places were exposed to their sacrilegious profanations. They razed to the ground the magnificent church of Nazareth built by St. Helena, but it is said that tho house of the Virgin which was within it, es- capod their fury. When the Crusaders, de feated, had returned home, all Europe was full of history and fiction of the Holy Land. We now proceed to -give the logend of the translation of the house of Loretto. In the year 129.1, May 10th, tho house of the Virgin was transported by angels in tho night, time from Nazareth to Dalmatia, and placed upon a hill between the towns of Tersato and Fiume. It is impossible to state the reason why the angels preferred the night to the day time for travelling. But this is a matter of indifference, as angels can travel at the night time as woll as in the day time. The sudden appearance of a house where there was none before, and upon a house which rested ujjon the ground without any foundation, was inexplicable to the inhabitants of the place. But the mystery was soon ex plained. The Virgin appeared in a vision' to Bishop Alexander of Tersato, who was dangerously ill, and told him of tho translation of her house. . To convince him that what she told him was true, she restored him to perfect health. In spite of the assertion of the Virgin Mary, and the miraculous cure which she had wrought in confirmation of it, there seemed to be some serious doubt as to the reality of the translation of her house, as a Bpecial deputation was sent to Palestine to ascertain its dimensions. The deputation returned quite satisfied that the house in Dalmatia was no other than the house of the Virgin Mary transported from Nazareth. It is not easy to see how they arrived at this satisfactory conclusion, although it is proba ble that where a house had rested for upwards of a thousand yearn, it might have left some traces behind, after its miraculous flight, to enable people to ascertain at any rate its proximate dimensions. After jt had rested two years aud seven montliB in Dalmatia, where the angels had deposited it, it disappeared, and, curiously enough,, in the night time. It was carried this time by angels across the Adriatic Sea, and deposited in a wood of laurels on the estate of a pious and wealthy matron of the 'name of Loretto. On-the arrival of the house, in Italy, the trees respectfully bowed- to it, and traces of- the veneration which nature had paid to it remained for a long time after. It was shepherds who were watching their flocks, all night, that were the first witnesses at dawn of day of the arrival of the holy house. The inhabitants of Reeanati and the sur- rouuding country were as much surprised at the appearance of the house amongst them as the people of Fiume and. surrounding country when it appeared amongst them at first. They were, however, soon convinced of the reality of the translation by the great number of miracles that were wrought near the holy house. Pilgrims flocked daily from every side to see it. But the brigands, who infested Italy then as they do now, began to possess themselves of the wealth of the pilgrims. This rendered pilgrimages to the Santa Casa less secure. The holy house did not evidently relish the interference, as it took its flight to a neighbouring hill. The proprietors of this hill were two brothers. They soon quarrelled about the offerings made by the pilgrims to the house. The house was seemingly dis pleased at this, as it once more, and let us hope finally, rose in the air and rested where it lias remained' to this very day. The town of Loretto, with a population of 8000, owes its origin to the alleged translation of the house of the Virgin Mary from Nazareth. We may now glance at the conduct of the Popes towards this legend, whose infallibility ought certainly to have taugh t them better. But before doing so we may mention two things, (1) that a deputation jwas sent from. Italy 'to Nazareth, to ascertain the dimensions of the house, and returned with the same result as tho one sent from Dalmatia, and (2) that no contemporary historian vouches for the authenticity of tho legend. The Popes — who have always, when pos sible, made capital out of every windfall — encouraged the credulity of tho people with regard to the supposed translation of the house of the Virgin Mary by angels from Nazareth, with numerous stoppages on the way, to Loretto in Italy. Tho moment the legend got the countenance of the Popes there was no end to credulity. Pilgrims flocked from every corner of Europe to see the holy house, so that in a short time it became the most celebrated shrine in Christendom. Paul II. in 1471 granted indulgences to visitors to our Lady of Loretto, and built with tho rich offerings of the pilgrims, tho grand and im posing structure which environs the holy house. Whoever'soes this magnificent church can hardly believe that it is built upon a splendid lie. On the facade of it is engraven this inscription in letters of gold : "House of the Mother of God, in which the ' Word _ was made flesh," and the entrance of it is adorned with a colossal statue of Sixtus V. Sixtus IV. arid Julius II. granted more indulgences to the shrine of Loretto. Julius II. inserted in his colebratod Bull the legend of Loretto, but he adds : " Ut pie creditur et fame est," which literally trans lated means, " as it is piously believed and the report is" (or the story goes). It is a matter of profound reflection that this infalli ble Pope should have encouraged gross super stition on the strength of a mere popular pious belief in a report. The Church of Rome is full of pious frauds thrust upon her children who do not know what they mean. Innocent XII. instituted an office and a mass to be yearly said on December 10th, in memory of the translation of tho Holy House of Loretto, and we need not say, that both are duly said by the clergy of the Church of Rome through- . out tho world, as resrularly as December 10th comes round. If a priest missed his office on that day, or on any -other day," lie would he guilty of "deadly sin," arid if he should die in that state without receiving absolution,' he would go to hell. Whether tho Church of Rome has created new sins for her children or not, we shall allow the reader to judge for himself. Wo shall also allow him to judge whothor he owes himself, his .country, and his Maker a duty in doing his best to expose the errors of Romanism in a Christian manner. To manufacture false miracles is bad enough ; but to impose onerous obligations upon peo ple, under pain of eternal damnation in virtue of the first fraud, is worse still. PILGRIMAGE AND PLEASURE HAP PILY COMBINED. (From the English Churchman.') ( Continued .) The jealousy of the favour shown to Lourdes is shared by the, guardians of other sanctuaries. No doubt iriiraculous centres vary with the fashion. . A few years ago La Salette and Paray-lo-Monial were in favour, but now Lourdes obtains the preferenee. The change is seriously taken to heart. The Daily News_ (August 26, 1880) stated "that a Spanish paper had lately complained bitterly that France had almost the monopoly of miracles, and that Spaniards go to the shrine of Lourdes, whereas native saints — Saint James of Compostella, Our Lady of Atocha, and the Black Virgin of Pilar — amply sufficed during centuries for their fathers." It would seem that the reasonableness of these com plaints has touched the heart of Leo XIII. himself. In his Bull of November 1st, 1884, the Pope authoritatively pronounces in favour of the genuineness of the bones of tho Apostle St. James, alleged to have been re-discovered in tho principal church of Compostella in Spain, and ho enjoins the publication of his decree , in order that "pilgrimages should' be again made to the sacred tomb." It is impossible to conceive the extent to which this revival of mediraval fanaticism may attain. The most recent pdase of its development is the proposal to arrange a pilgrimage to Rome of "ladies only;" but the project has not been favourably received,' and the Universe (Dec. 6, 1884) announces, that " it has been thought advisable to give up tho original intention of forming tlie pilgrimage to Rome of 'ladies only,' and it has been decided that both ladies and gentlemen shall form the pilgrimage." It would doubtless be highly inadvisable to place unnecessary restrictions upon those who may be induced to undergo the fatigue of pilgrimage. 1 The. matter is better understood on the other side of the Charinel. Pilgrimages in Franco are under the direction of the Conseil General des Pelerinages, established May, 1872, under tho: special benediction of Pius IX. Full reports of its proceedings aro published weekly in Le Pelerin, the special journal issued by the Council. Prospectuses are circulated, setting forth all the benefits to be obtained, including a plenary indulgence, granted by Pius IX. to all who take part in a pilgrimage organised by the Conseil General (Le Pelerin , third year, p. 35). These benefits are not merely spiritual. Tho prospectuses stato "that arrangements have been made with the railway companies for a reduction of 50 per cent, in their charges, and sometimes more." Le Pelerin (fourth year, p. 325) states that tho circular tickets -issued give the right to travel over Northern arid Central Italy as far as Rome, to visit Turin, Alexandria, Genoa, Pisa, Florence, Leghorn, Padua, Venice, Verona, Milan, &c.;' The pilgrimages, moreover,' are always arranged to take placo during tho finest season of the year. Le Pelerin (first1 year," p.- 165) states that " tlie journey is free from all rish and most agreeable." Flaring descriptions are given of the enchant ing s'oeriofy: surrounding the sanctuarios, of the' attractive spectacles and fetes, of the bands of 'ni'usic engaged, to which tire added illumin ations, fireworks, and a display of the electric (Lil Pelorini first year, pp. 210,351, 1,065, and second year, pp. 22, 137, 156.) In short, the attractions offered combine all tem poral and spiritual advantages — happiness, health, and Heaven — and all at the lowest price. Le Pelerin and the "Guide Book to Rome, ' published by that journal, furnish lists of the various relics which may be visited n ,ow.nsi.on the road to, and in Rome itself, by pilgrims who take advantago of tho circular, pilgrimage tickets. A detailed account of these marvolloua exhibits, with references 0 authorities cited, will be found in tho 'Monthlj' Letters," published by the Pro- testant Alliance, but wo may be permitted to quote a few of them as follows : — " At Florence, in the Church of tho Annun ciation, is shown the miraculous Madonna, 'a celestial statute sculptured by the angels. (Le Pelerin, May 1876.) At Padua, in the Church of bt. Anthony, the tongue of St. Anthony, uncorrupted, and as red as it was when alive.' (Le Pelerin, April, 1876.) At Venice, in the Church of St. Mark, the knife which our Lord used at the last supper. As a worthy com plement to this relic, it may be well to inform the reader that at the Church of Bouillac (larn-et-Garonno) is shown the bread used at the last supper ( Petits Bolandistes, t. iv. p. 552.) At Milan, in tho Cathedral, is shown the body of St. Carlo Borromeo. The viscera of tho saint arejpreserved as a relic at the Church of St. Mark, at Rome, and a portion of his skin at the Church of St. Prassedo, while, according to tho Tablet (November 1th, 1884), the heart of this saint was last month exposed for veneration in the Church of San Carlo al in Rome. At Milan also, in the Church of St. Ambrose, is exhibited the brazen serpent, which, ' according to popular belief is the veri table serpent which Moses raised up in the wilderness, and which is destined to hiss even to tlie encl of the world: ( Guide a Rome, p. 52.)' Full corroboration of tho facts will bo found in the Rev. Hobart Seymour's ' Pilgrimage to Rome" 1849, p. 45." He writes : " It is said, likewise, that the original serpent of brass which Moses lifted up in the wilderness is! depositod in this church (of St. Ambrose.) It is placed on a lofty column in the; body of the' church, aud is regarded'with superstitious voneration. It is certain, how ever, that the Holy Scriptures expressly state that King Hezekiah had it broken in pieces to prevent such idolatrous tendencies (2 Kings xviii. 4), and therefore it is a perplexing inquiry to ascertain how, unbroken and entire, it was presented to this church, seventeen centuries after it had been broken in pieces. But difficulties and perplexities of this kind are easily reBolved under an Italian sky. When the reverend sacristan called our atten tion tothis relic, and would persuade us it was the original serpent, my wife reminded him that it had been broken in pieces by King Hezekiah, when he smartly replied, ''jVoa e certo.' " At Rpino tho wealth of relics venerated at the various churches is so great that it is im possible to find room for recapitulation. Amongst these will be found garments alleged to have been worn by the Virgin Mary and by our Lord himself. The hair of tho Virgin and of the saints, the teeth, fingers, and bones of the Apostles, the limbs and even entire bodies of many Romish saints, the head of the Woman of Samaria, and tho bodies of many of the. innocents who were slaughtered by Herod. These objects of veneration are not confined to such matters as the bones and bodies of the Apostles and Saints. These relics coin prise material substances, such as hay, straw, and wood. Portions of the true Cross are exhibited at the Church of Sante Croce de Gerusalemme, and the title that was written over the Cross by Pilate. The latter is engraven in the wood, a process requiring time to accomplish, and to effect which it must be assumed that tlie Roman soldiers were skilled workmen. At this church also is exhibited the transverse beam of the cross of the penitent thief, a portion of the cord with which it; is alleged our Saviour was bound when lie was scourged, and the finger of the Apostle St.' Thomas, which he thrust into the side of our Lord. At the Church of Santa Maria Maggiore are ex hibited portions of the inanger of the stable at Bethlehem, some of the hay that was stored in the stablo, and the cradle in which it is asserted our Lord was laid. There ; is also shown the picture of the Virgin painted by St. Luke. The Scriptures inform ub that St. Luke was a physician ; but, according to Romish legends, ho was also an amateur painter, and a busy one, too, if we may judge by the uumber of pictures of the Virgin which are attributed to his pencil. One of these is at Boulogne, anbther at Loretto, several reputed pictures are found in different places in Italy and Germany, and in Rome itself there are seven, according to Mgr. de Montault. But of all the paintings extant the most celebrated is that in the Church of Santa Maria Maggiore. A full account of this painting is given by the Abbo Milochan in his work, " La Vierge de Saint Lucd Santa- Marie-Majoure," Paris, 1862. In this work tho Abbe Milochan states' that for a long time all reproductions of' this painting were strictly forbidden, that the first copy authorised by the Holy See was allowed as a favour to the Jesuits, when proceeding to under take -one of their Missions. Their General wished to place this Mission under the pro- lection of the Virgin, and presented to tho missionaries this picture of tho Virgin as a certain defence against all perils." Wo road, howover, in the pages of the Abbd Milochan's work (p. 61) that these Jesuits, the bearoraof this holy picture, were attacked on their voyage by pirates, and were all massacred. Since this testimony of a protection so dis tinguished, " the copies' of tho painting," says the Abbd, "havebeen multiplied without measure." As companions to these pictures there are exhibited as relics, in other churches in Rome, the stockings, pantaloons, waistcoats, pocket-handkerchiefs, and even spectacles, be longing to the saints. To support the iden tity of these relics a series of legends are pub lished for the edification of the populace- legends so untrustworthy that the belief in them can ouly be attributed to the fulfilment of the sentence pronounced in Scripture, "Because they receive not the love of the truth, God shall send them strong delusions that they shall believe a lie." FATHER CURCI. — Considerable interest was awakened lately in the case of this ex- Jesuit ; and hopes were entertained that he would renounce his connection with the Romish Church ; but ho has failed at what to him was the turning point. Several of his published works were condemned and put in , the Index Expurgatorius. He found himself in serious conflict with the Papal authorities, though matters had not proceeded so far as to cut him off from his former friends, and ho was attached to the Papal system, and had no idea of breaking with it. The Pope being an old personal friend, still continued to show him attention and kindness ; but there is a power in Rome which controls even the Pope himself, infallible as he is supposed to be. Infallibility itself must yield to the will and power of the Jesuits; and. that will, has crushed poor Curci in the dust. ' Had lie re nounced Popery utterly, he might have done something for the cause of truth. In that case he would have had a hard lot of it against the -persecution which would assuredly have awaited him. If a Romish priest becomes Protestant, that faot is a forfeiture of life. If lieB cannot be taken away, then he becomes the victim of all manner of calumny. Father Curci had not the Christianity or the courage to face persecution for Christ's sake. Let us hope that he may yet through heavenly grace get deeper convictions, and strength tri carry them out in making full confession of ttie truth, as. it is in Jesus. Th&New; YorJt Indcpmdent gives the following account of hiri retractation : — h He loved the Catholic faith, tne Catholic system and Catholic usages; but he did not love' its corruptions, its neglect of the Scrip tures, its growing faith in Mary and the saints and images, its forgetf ulness of Christ: He looked upon the doctrine of the temporal power aB outworn and mischievous, and herein .consisted his chief sin. His books were put ' in the Index Expurgatorius ; he was abused, humbled; he was pressed, to use the Pope's language, " with warnings and with threats, of greater and greater severity ; he was all but stripped of his priestly prerogatives, and ,he. wa8 reduced to penury. Yet he struggled on, content, we were told, last. summer,. to suffer, if thereby he might accomplish some thing for Christ, His Gospel and His Church. " But the brave old priest has felt himself unable to hear the burden; even for the sake of. posterity. He has succumbed to the power ,.tBat forced Henry IV. to.Canossa and humil-i. iated many a king and proud prince. He has, abjured the truth, and passed sentence on the honest ; offspring 'of his f brain and!! heart. Driven by the terrora.of the Church, he de livers up his conscience! bound ;to her keeping;? It is a sad spectacle, .whether we consider, its personal or its ecclesiastical aspects. On the one:side:is a strong man forced on the. -rack to deny and denounce the inmost convictions of- his soul ; on the other, a Church, which cails . itself fthe Church of Christ, using its tremen-; dous power to crush the individual conscience.- But Curci is not the only victim. ;Pecci,lHi8; old friend, haB been constrained as Pope, by a will stronger than his own, to assume; the attitude of astern persecutor, There is no doubt that Father Curci's opinions are very similanto those held by Leo himself. When the latter became Pope, Curci still had his confidence, and. visited him at the Vatiban. But the Cardinals are stronger than the in fallible Peter, and .they ;aucceeded in/banish- ing the old ex-Jesuit from the Papal' court; Feeling his isolation deeply, he attempted; to " make satisf action to his ecclesiastical superiors, , hut his penv;could hot be idle; and he5Sould' not write; ' against . his, : convictions f/eo-he .struck', with , boldness and. '. vigour at the Vatican- regime, and deeply incensed the Ultramontanes.,. All his books ,; were. con- ,4emnedj and/finallyj ins August last;! the Pope '. ,himsdfiwroto..a. .lettertoJheArchbishopof Florence, Father Curci's ecclesiastical superior, redtingitheirebellipus actSirif 't thishbStinate man, "-'and denouncing his opinions; Says His Holiness: 'Considering all these things, venerable brother, we feel a poignant sorrow for the greatnbbstinacy of this man ; and at; the same time we? are moved at beholding ' such an evil example as hiust cause" danger,' r.eBpecially f or .. unheeding, youth, n -Truly, _we have>given; alre'adyi'and Ave' shall give 'again,' j PJ?pfe" .of <a>fatheriy forbearance .mnd' gentle;- s nessr; nevertheless it is our duty .to maintain tlm authority of the sacredl Couhcils,- . whoso' decisions we seek in the gravest affairs of the Church, and to protect their dignity- against injury and evil-speaking.' " Father Curci'sfreeppnsedihs'come quickly;' In a_ letter which alltlioriCatliolic papers are publishing with varying comments, he re tracts, as. follows rakFrom" the. .letter pfi the. iSovereign -Pontiff- to the- Archbishop of-Flor-'- ence, dated August 27, and communicated to mo tho 5th iot thCi current -monthf haying acquired Lhe full and entire ceftituderthat,' in >my- tliree last ..writings, . inserted in tlie- indeaj. librorum prohibitorum, tho legitimate ecclesi astical authority has found different things blameable, I deem it my duty to make tho declaration-- which I desire may be rendered public. In the name of the respect which I have always professed, . and which. I. profess toward tlio Catholic Church and its visible Head, I reprove and condemn all that there is in these writings contrary to the faith, to the morals, and to the discipline of the Church. And I wish that this may be under stood not only according to my private judg ment, which I renounce heartily, but accord ing to the judgment of those whom the Holy Ghost has placed to govern the Church of God. I hope that this sincere expression of ray sentiments will repair the scandal which I have given, and I trust that, on account of these sentiments, His Holiness will receive with his former and paternal benevolence, as thelast of his sons in Jesus Christ, the under- signed. — C, M. Curci, Priest.' " Let it be borne in mind that 1< ather Uurci was not pressed to this retractation on account of his denial of any article of faith, or morals, or discipline of tho Catholic Church. He pro fessed himself a loyal son. It was simply be cause he insisted, in his La Nuova Italia and II Vaticano Regio, on the spiritual character of the Church, and denied that the temporal power is necessary or desirable. " We read that there is great joy in Rome over Father Curci's submission, that the ' Holy Father is particularly delighted,' and that hopes are entertained that Father Passaglia, another offender of tho same sort, will be induced by this example to lay hiB .conscience at the foot of the .Papal throne. What a spectacle for the Christianity of the nineteenth centurv 1 " THE PATHRIOT — " The poor Irish ! " exclaims the Chicago Interior. " Fleeced; by the Pope, by the landlords, by- their; own: imprudence, they are now falling, prey 'to' the worst set of impoBtors and scoundrels of modern times — the self-called ' revolutionists ' —men whose sole business 'is getting at tho contents of Patrick's "arid - Bridget's purses. The New York Puck does the subject justice -in jingle something like this "I am patriotic, fervent, ..... ... And I work the Irish servant Till I get in my possession all her cash. " Out for whiskey then I'm lighting, Whilo I talk -of. dyn'ainiiin'giVVd' \ > A ; In the gin-mill in- the old electric's flash. "I Bhall lead a life that's easy, - I shall load a life that's breezy, While a Binglo inch of Irelaud isn't free. " And my wife, my rampant Biddy, I am sure will be a widdy : , i r Long before I do a day's work — do you see, " Oft I talk about the Shannon J . Ringing with my belching cannon While we march victorious through the; gory fight. ; " Then my life is much more flowery, As I ' beer up ' in tho Bowery, T And'rarif'and rave and howl of dynamite."; A FENIAN CONGRESS IN PARIS.— The; Paris correspondent. of the Standard has been furnished 'with an account? of a meeting of: the Irish revolutionary party, (whichwas' sec-: retlyheld in -that' city ori: Sunday-evening. j Tlis meeting was composed of 11 delegates! and, a few. privileged sympathising, spectators,' ' who did ' riot,' however; . take 'ariy-parturi the ! .proceedings. ..Of the 11 delegates, three rep-; reseritVd' America,' twd hadS'beeh sent by Ire- : land/two camer,from< England, and two rep-; resented the European continent, and the two ! ? others: were- the" delegates' of' the iriviricibles. i A Nihilist,' /epresenting; a group of Russian! Nihilists, and a manufacturer of torpedoes, ! .who is stated td'beia'Frericlrihari, Were also present. , A (.man0 known all over the world \ „by.the..dyriamiterAaslKiln, .and .who was the I planner of the recent explosions in London,1 was unamously voted into the chair. ; Michael! Flannery was nominated secretary. to the con-i vention. A cipher . telegram was read from! the chief of the in vincibles, 'Number one,' or! P. J. Tynan, and it comdemned in strong language the project.of.u. fusiori between the. dynamiters and invincibles, on the ground! that such .aifusion 'would; hot be politic at the! present morrient". Tynan, 'however, wish 'God-i speed ! to the', dynamite warfare. Kinl having1 ..made a long speech, in .which he espoused the; policy, of . the: ''dynamii»re7n(|iie following; resolution was .proposed' by Patrick. Corcoran,! , of Kilkenny, who, in cohjuriction- with Captain ; : James Murphy, of > the United States, played I an important role in the explosion at Clerken- , well; in ---1867 :—'.That,'., as, the.. gauntlet'-has: . been , thro wn dpwn,.wo .accept , the .challenge! inyolyes, .and prosecute ,our campaign on the! samb lines. aiB hitherto, but on a iriore extended! scale and' by the adoption - of -iriore vigorous: measures: — that is to say, by the carrying out! of simultaneous explosions not merely in! /London? butjAalso f throughout the towns,! cities, ohd, /villages .of England.' After the! reading of this resolution an amendment wasj prqppsed( tq.the . effect ;ahatn the,. dynamiters; should avoid sacfificirig'' innocent 'people'Bl ; lives as -far; asjp.ossibl p, and thgt;thpy should; confine their attacks to. the barracks, arsenals; arid waf-ships' Great Britain : but it was i rejected and the above resolution was adopted,' seven of the delegates voting in favour of it! and four against it. In accord with the vowl fthe dynaiuitefej take'Jpp;.. entering the con-! ;8piracy< the . vote oflajmajofity of a conven-j tion is law, and is iimplicitely obeyed by all. | , pQne;mfHhe _ delegates, .whp waejii personal; friend tqf . the'Niliiiist'' present, tjienistSdcl ?upi .and proposed that the dynamiters should enter; into.;ari allia'ncejlwitlra section of the Russian! Nihilists who" 'had ' made theiri overtures.'' Several.Nihilists, Jie,;- said, ,.\yere ..ready. to, .set. fire to all parts of London if their services \- were; accepted. :\rThe; idea did j-notj- however, find favour with the dynamiters, who there- foro rejected the alliance .with the Nihilists as iiripolitic, on the: ground that: the Russian j Government, being England's enemy, . was consequently an indirect friend of Ireland The proposal to offer a reward for the assas- ; sination of the Prince of Wales was scouted as calculated to seriously damage the cnuae. : One of the American delegates informed the convention that since the London explosion and the attempt to shoot Rossa the subscrip tions to the dynamite fund had considerably! increased. Two delegates were appointed by the convention to put themselves into! communication with the secret agent of tho' , Mahdi in Cairo. Tho object in view is to. injure England by placing what the dyua- miters call 'the resources of civilisation' at his disposal. It is probable that both these delegates, who are adepts in chemicals, and expert engineers, will endeavour to reach .the Mahdi's camp. After. the general meeting a conclave of the delegates was hold, at which ' none of the few spectators were allowod to assist." ' i 1 THE EDITOR'S TROUSERS.— An' editor in Chicago recently ordered a pair of trousers from the tailor. On trying them on' they proved to be several inches; too long; 1 It being late on Saturday night, the tailor's shop, was closed; and the editor took the trousers to his wife and asked her to cut therii off and . hem them over. The good lady, whoso dinner, had, perhaps, disagreed with her brusquely! refused. The same result followed an appli cation to the wife's sister and the < eldest daughter. But before bedtime the wifej re-! lenting, took the pants and,; . cutting off six inches from the legs, hemmed them up nicely' .and restored them to the closet. Half an ' hour later her daughtor, taken with compunc-i .tion. for the. unfilial conduct; took the, trousers! and, cutting off six inches, from the .legs,! hemmed them up nicely and restored thorn to "the closet. Half an hour later "her daughter, ' taken with compunction for the unfilial con-! duct, took the trousers and, cutting off six inches, hemmed and replaced them. .Finally,' .the sister-in-law felt the-pangs of conscience.' rand she tqo performed an additional surgici 1 'operation ori the garment.-; When' the editor! .-appeared --rat breakfast on Sunday the family ' thriught a;Highland chieftari had' arrived.-r- The Century. , /!' . ' Not- Cakes.— One pound of sugar, four , eggs, bnofeaspqonful each of c; nnamon, cl oves nutmeg, and a pinch of black' pepper. Use flour enough to roll thin ; when rolled cut out with a cookey or biscuit cutter, put them in buttered pans ; let them stand ten or twelve hours, then bake in hot oven. To be eaten with coffee. Spiced Apple 'Pudding; — Throe teacups of bread crumbs, one pint of now milk, scalding hot, pound- over 'the; bread crumbs ; three cups of chopped apples, one cup of raisins, one cup of sugar, two eggs beaten separately one -tablespoonful of iground 'cinnamon, one teaspobnful of ground cloves and one table- spoonffll'of pul veiised- maco; ! Put "'these in- .jgredients together in,a; bright tin pan. or deep pudding disli and stir gently ; bake forty-five minutes. Eat. with sauce.- Chocolate Caramels.— One : cup of svvoot milk, one cup of molasses, half a" cup of "grated chocolate; a piece of .butter the size of, ,» walnut stir constantly, and let it 4oil .until! it is thick' ; then turn it out on .buttered! .plates,; when it begins to stiffen, friiifk it in 'squares, so that .it will ' break readily when cold. - , ' ...: ; . Discolqured Piano-keys.— The y ellow color of piano keys .is often dub 'to. g'rease' absorbed : from the fingers of the player; or it may arise from the piano being in a dark placemr-beingi general ly-'closed: :Inferi6r-qualitiesof 'ivory do not retain their, wliitenesa -.without pre cautions. Good, ivory keys,, having, a liberal exposure to the'|light, ought to retain their whiteness for many years., Ivory . is bleached by exposure ; to 'sunlight, for. periods varying from four, weeks to. six months, or by immer sion in turpentine' near the surface, and ex-, posure to the sun for three or four days. "Proud'Mother— " Do yriu kriow, dbrir,' I be lieve our babyf will..be. a,, singer, perhaps a great tenor like' Brigrioli or Cainpanini ?" Tired Father-" He -Atrikes high'O mighty f often,- it that's what you moan. " . .. "Yes, the tones are sweet and shrill, I. hope we will be able, to have his voice culti vated' iri; Europe.'-' 1 . '.By Jove 1 good idea. Send him now.". 