Cales, @tc. ILL-WON PEEBAGES; OB, AN TJNH ALLOWED UNION. CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued.) BY II. Xi. O'Bybnb. Author o! " Leixlip, Castle," << The Pale and the Septa," etc.) THB two informers, quite comprehending the drift of the insidious proposal, looked - warily at each other to decipher the.thoughts of eaoh. At length Tim Lawaon snivelled, in a cackling undertone: 'The risk'11 be great, yer honour. If ve wor caught or seen at it P' ' Musha, thin, whose to oatoh or see ye of a dark night, ye ould skeleton of a crab F' returned Jemmy O'Brien, with a look of extreme disgust at his pusillanimous oolleague. ' Down by the sthrame in the hollow'U be mighty convanient, an* if any Ja&k-o-lanthrons; ohanoe to come meandhring by the way^. can't we eny we were' •pearin' o eels; how-and-iver, Tim, honey, if ye don't feel in heart wid the venthre to obleege the gintlemin, I'll take it onmeself . to go through the jobwid a friend o' me' own that isn't white-liyered anyhow, an' that's Billy Cody.' <••••> ' Ooh1 for the matther o' that, 'Jemmy,' oried the other, in haste, ' I don't begrudge the risk nor the throuble, so it pays well. An' shore, ain't we armed wid weapons an' purvided to, stick any intherlopers that oomes upon us. Ooh, y«ia! I'll help ye wid pleasure 1' 'The work must be done, my lads, so that the wiha musn't get inkling of it, else we'll be'ruined,' said Major Sandys, exoitedly. ' If you bungle the work we may as well all take ship for Botany Bay, there will be each a deuoe of bother made about it.' ' Never fear, yer hanner, returned Jemmy O'Brien, reassuringly; 'I've done more inthrioate manoovers in my day, an' ye may oounton't I see my way in this. All we want is a trifle o' wages to begin on ; an', if e plaze, yer banners, the little thrifle that's I di ua to me forsweariri' agin Darby Brady an' Pat ' ' Byan at the last sessions, an 1 Mick Healy/ 'Certainly, Jemmy,.you shall have it; not a man in our pay -more deserving of it, if work be any guage of merit,' oried Major Sirr. ' Here's a. draft for seven pounds on Beresford's Bank. Take it there, and 'twill be cashed for you.' * Long life to yer hanner J * * And see, Jimmy , as soon as you hate any information oall on me at the Oastle. How soon do ypu think we may expeotyou f * Well, yer banner, I won't let the grass grow undher my feet anyway.' * Very well I be off now and make speed. Well, La wson fend M'Guane, what have you got to say f . 4 Yer hononr,' piped Lawson, whose avarioious eyes dilated at the eigh> of mammon, 'it was I put the lighted coal into the thatch of Priest Fitzpatrick's cabin an' buriied down the ohapel, an' made a fine bonfire of it at Litem thebther night.' •Well,'twas a good job,' grinned Major Sandys; ' but if you had burned -the priest along with it you would be entitled to a reward you can't ask for only consuming bare walls.' •Tell you what, Tim, 1 , growled Lord Oarhampton, 'make a bonfire of .Parson Berwiok'a house at Eaker and m give" you fifty gold guineas; and if you make oharooal of the parson I'll double it.' P' Plaze yer hanner,' interposed M'Guane, sidling confidentially up to Squire Higgins and whispering, 'yer be houlden to me a thrifle for the help I gave Watkins' boys —Beakejr, an' Tiokell, an' Knox—the night we bruk into farmer Casey's house, on purtinoe o' sarohin' for firearms, an' carried off his niece.' . •Get ont, ye extortioner,* furiously ejaonlated ihe Squire, making'a kick at the claimant. 'Didn't the giri jump from a top window In Mother Lewellyn's, and fracture her skull?' •• 'Hat wasn't no fault o' purs,' retorted M'Guane, sulkily ; ' an' if ye don't pay up, sorra : fut I'll itir. in the job ye have on handsto-night.' . * Oome, Higgins,'cried Lord Oarhampton, snappishly, < ypu musn't be ehtarlishjwith our: fellows. 'j Here'--he tossed * couple of gold pieces to "Lawson and M'Guane— * there s'earnest for you, and hold yourself in readiness to attend furthetotders/ ; The ®eu gre^^fllutche,4 the coin, and with ^Sf&mS;^'S^Sl^ fcfcpself& Major 81rri *&rJpon;*ve'settlea tb ispringtbe mine to-morrow-and Wow up the United Society inBrid^wfotf;,: -rii '' TtappiftSir, ; fcto&Willi;^^VimaJtf reeponded.withthe Impressive air of >one embarked inana enterprise whose s magnitude and importance oonreyedii feesseof vast responsibility, «*we-shall let .dip. the hounds audjhftg dined *rell-ar 0_ „ J^whon&sliave;{xmfstnd, SMC^OL «•• mom* we pornoo down and make • mess of the business the better; and my Lord Norbury may count on't that out of all the arrests we anticipate making, he will be called on to prescribe hemp for some of'em—ha ! ha! ha!" 'I'll, as state physician, cheerfully contribute my poor quota of service to bleed, asphyxiate, or purge it by any other means that may be deemed desirable of its malady,' responded the judge, with a vivacious smile that, contrasted pleasantly with the major's dreary laugh. 'By-the-bye,' he added, with blithe humour, ' I fear poor Clonmel's term of servioe is nearly expired; never saw a man so tottering. Did ye bear what that little beast Curran said the other day as be passed us by at the review in the Park t " My poor fellow," said he, en passant, with his oonfounded comical grin, " don't be in such a hurry to set off to your estate in Hades; we're going to have some prime sport; pray for an extension of leave to enjoy a few more oapital convictions ; and who knows but Norbury and few might be ready to accompany you ? 'lis lonesome for a man to go by himself fee? a terra incognita, where he mayn't be quite v tuae of his weloome, or whether the inhabitants be friends or foes." Wasn't that exeorable taste ?' -' Atrocious 1' oried Claudius Beresford; 1 But that little animal seems to be voted a free-lanoe by oopraton consent. He lately oame athwart Lord Clare, not in the most paoifio of moods, and bawled after him as he hurried along at his usual speed: "I say, friend, don't forget to fetch your pistols when you take passage in Captain 'Charon's boat across Styx : ; > you may find them useful. Have a shot at Pluto, lUiadamanthus, or any obstreperous ghost that thwarts you." ;My unole would nave knocked, down any oth$r ohapin a jiffy, but Ourran he feigned not tp notioe. Apropos,. Carharnpton, how speeds your suit with Donna Floririda? She is, to my notion, the finest girl in the world.' Lord Carhampton puffed out a volume of plumy smoke, but made no response, as with hands in fob and eyes half closed he luxuriously inhaled the vapoury fumes, whose narcotic eBsenoe soothed bis faculties in deliciouo langour. The Sham Squire grunted audibly: . • She's a tip-top prime 'un, but steps too high; oarrieB too much head to my likin'. I wonder, my lord, that, as money ain't yer objeot, you wouldn't fancy a more winsome lass?' ' 'Tie just what suits me,' responded Lord Carhampton, with a gesture of hauteur. ' I'm sick and surfeited of the pliant wenches provided by Mother Lewellyn for our casual entertainment. One upon whom I design to oonfer a Coronet I am pleased to see endowed with dignity as well as attractions to grace it.' ' But .what about your old woman ?' exclaimed Lord Kingsborough, naively. 'And arethebrothers content? Methinks the lady herself appears coy; she went down this morniqg to her friends in Wexford, with her oousin.' 'My old woman Mid I have squared it amicably,' smiled Oarhampton. She professed tb he so disgusted with my infidelities and cruelty that she was glad to cry quit to the tune of a thousand a year,' and take shelter with Colonel Monoton. Captain Esmond and his brother I have satisfied that there is no danger of a trial for bigamy; and for the lady herself, she is cute enough to think, I daresay, that a little retioenoe will enhance her value. Ah, they are sly pusses, the fair sex; but I have studied them till I can read them like an alphabet.' 'Do you know that conceited coxcomb O'Drisooll is said to be paying groat attention to your nieoe, Lady Alicia ?' said Beresford. ' Alicia is a stubborn fool, and enoonrages the puppy; but I can't help it,' oried his lordship, in an efferveseenoe of wrath. ' Her money's in her own hands, and she's old enough to know what she's about, whether wise enough is another thing.' ' And there's big fat Caroline Damer receiving the addresses of that behemoth Hugh O'Byrne,' chimed in Squire Higgins, with the look of a muoh-injured man. ' Isn't it a' shame and a soandal to see such fortunes falling into the hands of Papists ?' ' It muBt be put a stop to, that Rort of thing,' fiercely exolaimed Lord Kingsborough. ' I'll move for a bill in parliament against it; 'tis infamous, not to be borne, that these sly designing knaves obtrude themselves out of place, and "have the daring to aspire to such heighto. What next, forsooth ?' 'You're misinformed, at any rate, about Caroline Damer,' said Carhampton,' for I have good authority for stating that Guildford~Qolandisk has proposed for the heiress, ^nd been anaepted.' ..'. ; ,' Gb long,' ejaculated Squire Higgins, with gyea_atartingircim the socket. 'Wasn't Guildford {dodged: nioer girl than any jane' of the wqoLb box and. dioe, the old Hi^rthh^^s' little nieoe Ktspatriak ; pn* dEdn't we fjs 'gobd 'as quarrel heoatuse lie Wanted tim 46 giro Jiwiripfrir the hejwps F : That was when ahe iiad the iprospeot 6t > Botl jtffwlJcnitfwn thatisinbb {Bhe offendbd lier aunts; lost ihe pngiertjr," and bebti iurned out a beggar to earn hbr MMMp M •*»%»• in their employmrait, ColauduS tad «mle4 4own a Uti and thought better of tcaaa* . i f f i j s t t p ^ : {the Squire.: .'fiuildfwrd an' LlkMl a iWis- ' mdtts'tanding about some' ir»oh«y, and <he feht} ru oaU m/iwucnd. eani«f, M^RR rwi & dinner. Un asked .lick - fioUnt - iraledar, iiAip've ' j i j A ^ m i l | to ^at their ludc Whalfy. What a ip*s*e «ai't ha>e '£tl^eL Oome ovarjjyu to flll ttitl' I' hear look's in Ibve wiib ourtney; isthattrueP ; "] • Not unlikely; they're a pushing lot/ said Lord Carhampton, standing up to go; 'and I never knew a good tiling in the market but the parson is sure to snatch at it. Mow than once I've detected the reverend brother casting sheep's eyes at my game; and only that I can see he hasn't a ohanoe, and is a useful tool disposed to by servioe, I'd soon twist his neck the other way; au revoir, ami.' His lordship withdrew, in company with Lord Kingeborougb, deeply pondering the expediency of twisting Lycurgus Pomfret's neck on Ms own aooount, and removing from his path a rival in favour of the pretty Ethel Courtney. Presently, Squire Higgins' carriage, being announced to take him to the courts with the jndge, a levee en matte of the morning visitors ensued, and the apartment was soon left empty. Majors Swan and Sirr, walking soon after arm-in-arm, down Sackville-street, came upon a knot of gentlemen, conversing apart not far from one of the prinoipal hotels; to judge by their varied gestures—eager, earnest, excited, and vigilant—they were discussing some theme of interest, in which, however, they were not so absorbed ae to be inattentive to the approaoh of the majors, in whose presence, acted upon as by a spell, they simultaneously beoame silent and reserved. Coming up and halting, Major Sirr, whose keen eye took in all at a glance, politely aoaosted one prominent among the rest, and said: ' Good-morning,'fexr; I was sorry for the contretemps that deprived me of the pleasure of meeting you a few days, ago at my friend Mrs. Hodgens'. I'm glad, however, you have got news of thb little girl. Sad scamps those youngsters are'!' 'Thank you, major,' retnrned Hugh Q'Byrne, with calm, grave smile. ' 'Tis all right; my brother wrote tp let me know 1 the foolish ohild ran away after the servant to whom she was attaohed left; fortunately they met on the road, and all arrived home safely.' 'The boy Ned Burke, I understand, went with them,' said the major, with a significant look at Hugh, who answered, without embarrassment, yet evasively: ' No doubt, sir, your multiplied sources and means of information are quite reliable ; but since the boy left me I have made no investigation about him, nor can I give you the smallest imformation that might set you on his traok. If, as you assert, he has been guilty of the charges brought against him, he will do his best, no doubt, to elude pursuit.' ' He'll be olever if he elude me!' growled the major, withdrawing, after a searching glanoe at each oi the group, all of whom he well knew by sight, and some of them sufficiently to take off his three-cornered hat to. When he had removed far enough to be out of hearing, Hugh turned and resumed the interrupted thread of his speeoh; he said, addressing collectively the oircle of his auditors: 'Now, I am not myself what might be termed a good physiognomist, nor am I gifted with a shrewd perception of character, as is my brother Miles, whose judgment in deciphering these hieroglyphics I have never known to err; yet, from my brief acquaintance with Captain Armstrong, when we met at dinner in your house at Frescati, Lord Edward, and from what I saw of Reynolds, whom I met the other evening with you, William, I entirely corroborate the opinion of Miles, and warn you. that I mistrust these two men.' ' But, my dear friend,' said Lord ^ Edward, hurriedly, ' if we go on in this way, in whom shall we repose confidence ? - Suspicion and over-caution may prove our bane, as well as too confiding trust; weak, timidly apprehensive of a foe in every face, and a lurking ambusoade at every step, will rarely aohieve emprise allotted but to the bold and hopeful. Is it not to, Bond'?* He turned to a fine looking man on his left, who made answer, prompt and vigorous: - ' Never will I credit that human nature oould gratuitously plunge itself into dough so vile as having a .ohoioeof glory to elect infamy; no, no, O'Byrne, your anxiety in the badness oppresses you with chimerical fears that have no foundation. I'll stake my all on the faith of Beynolds and Arm* strong.' , ' 'And I,' said William Byrne of Bally* manus. ' What, after ' all, have the ; poor fellows done to forfeit our confidence ? We oan lay our hand on nothing overt ; and for a man's type -of physiognomy, shap<e iti ose, formation of mouth, expression of'eye ! he laughed scornfully—' being, brdught ih videnoe against him, why; a good ^ many ould be in a bad way according tp' the imressions made by these features. ' I don't know, William,' returned.Hngh, thoughtfully. ' I Oaoe heard Miles it Was not so much the eye ap thB |nind |hat.received any indelible impression, how often the eye hfes been- fascinated "wtth teaBty, or displeased with homeliness, £11 the;iinpprtial ufind, discriminaVipg: the re^pectifb merits'pf each, 'has ajlju^tod 'ibi isfcler brother we *had cinee; khcjL his'wary t&tt; iwas : " Listen to the voice of heart iahd that of mice instinctively tads ifie ? wjitrn y«u to shun.too much trast in Xteynalds abd Armstrong.' • . • .:; , ..i^nci. .'By Jove, iftbey wen adndedltq-hnrtina, ftw top late to reteact joojrVr: m& iioni Edward Fitzgerald, jlopbt and.mii «yee.J'Wtat Til. tell Mward.'ikd two penonp Oldfl *J and keep yonadi Hiiit^ai T have Argus eyes of the eveiy step with the rigilanooof a tiger tracking its prey.' ' I can't; I must attend the mwH^g tomorrow in Bridire-street,' said Lord Edward, imperatively. ' The whole* business now lieB in a nutshell—a few days more and we may snap our fingers at the Castle.' ' For which very reason your jeopardy is all the more imminent,' persisted Hugh. ' Do you suppose the' Castle is ignorant of it ? Listen, I have friends conneoted with the Castle—Hussey Burgh, Foster, and others— who have told O'Drisooll and myself in confidence that Government is in powefsion of all your plans and designs. Who made it thus au fait, if tint, trnirnro in the oamp? And I know enough to caution yon to keep from this out beyond reach of its law. What the Castle myrmidons are planning I am not able to acquaint you, but that there is some immediate coup d'etat at hand, I fear.' The energetio tone and earnest manner of Hugh at length seemed to infuse into the minds of his audienoe a conviction that his warning should not be quite disregarded. | I'll tell you what, Lord Edward,' oried Oliver Bond, by _ way of compromise. ' I have no doubt but that ag you are the oynosure upon whom the eves of the Castle are fixed, it may be as well for you not to appear at the council to-morrow. Ton oan stay at Leinster House, and in the evening we can bring you the report of the day'B proceedings.' 'Well, I'm agreeable,' said Lord Edward; and the party separated, each to his own rendezvous, and • anxiously forecasting the future, pregnant with fate to the country, {T<o be continued.) 