THE CATHEDRAL CHAPTER HOUSE. LAYING THE CORNER-STONE The corner-stone of the Chapter-house o: St. Andrew's Cathedral was laid yesterday afternoon by Sir Alfred Stephen, the Lieat.- Governor. The Chapter- house is being erected as a memorial of the late Bishop of Sydney, and with an appropriateness that must have been more than accidental, the day sek-cted for the interesting ceremony was St. Andrew's Day. The basement of the new Luiidiug has already risen several feet above the leTel oi the cathe dral grounds. It adjoins the nave at its western extremity, and thongh covering no very large area it promises to aid considerably to the im- ' porta tree of tbe more venerable pile. A numer ous company of indies and gentlemen had assembled en a temporary platform above the foundation of the tre-w rising structure. The clergy and chorister wore" their sr.rplice?. The Primate ccouipaiiiei Sir Alfred Stephen beneath a canopv o: tlacs where the corner stone was suspended in re.vliaess for the cere mony. Ainoacst those present were: — Sir Alex ander Stuart.The Hon. Alexander Gordon, tbe Hen. Edward Knox. Mr. II. B. Smith. M.P., Juripe Dowliug, Deaii Marriott, Canon Moretoa, i Canon King'. Canon Shane, the Her. Di. ! 7i. Barry, A. W. Payne, J. D. La:;g!ty. A. G. Slo-idart. S. Hungerfoni, Meisrs. Shepherd. Smith, II. E. A. Allan, K. A- Caj e. Thomas Kobertson. L. Hills, JL Cbadwick, \V. E. Tooe, IX. Atkir, etc. A form o: prayer snitable to the occasion wa? conducted; the12Tth Psalm v.- a chanted, and the hymn, Ciiri?: is Made Our Sure Foundation, Chri?: the Head and Corner stone" wa? heartily suhl;. A bottle wa? placed under the stone containing the following scroll, which was read by Mr. At 2:1ns : — ThU .erner-rtoDO of the Chapr-r- hc»u«« annexed to St. Aiidrev/s Cuthedral (erectc-J as a Tiicmorial ot the late Kitfht Itev. rTedvrle Barker. D.lL.formcriyBhcp ot HjiiLty. Metrvj<yii;k:i nr.-i tVunate of Anstraii nad Tu>ua.riia) was Jaii bv l.is r.Xvvhcr.c.' h:r Alfred i Stvphc-n, C.B.. Liemeuant-NoverruT of tie toloav of New ryatli V.'a.c-. en it. Asiir f.x'i Day. NovemUr 3b. lFr>. the Mc-t Hi v. t..rr.-, U.lK, D.C.L.. bciiif Bishop -A Sy-»ut->\ MvtrvuiiiAU li N'ew kUtfi V.'alcsarai PriDiv.-. o: Ar-tri:iv; the V-.rv iter. V/iiiAui Mac-juurio Co- vp-.r, il.A., L'c-.u cf the 5-ti.l C.itl.e ir.il Cliure:; : the ..her :'ivr:.--- r« «.-f the Chapter Dj :iv th-' Vt»;. iAthbr. : je King. U.A, Arch Jcacon of tne Bw. Ali'.vc-cJ. B.A the I\\.iv. iiuit.R. .-ni-.th K'au",, i M.A, the J'ev. Willi.;:;; (Hilither. M.A.. : the Ker. George Harnjan the Hw, ! TLoaw3 Keuiuiis, the Hev. V.'jIIj;::. He. ??haro , JIA. Cation of tbe s.ii-1 CV.he iral : th? iter. Arthur ; itiehari ItjTer?, M.A.. Preeeuior: the H ;a. Alexander tiordyu. Q.C.. Chi.u.eilur of the diuce-?: nvA .Sir i Alexander stuart. K.C.M.G. : the lien, hdward Xi.ox. : James bhten Bowiiup.r-,;.: Itvl-.-rt Cha-Jvviek. ; i:-p; llenre Kdtvar«l Awpiistu- Ah.m. Es.p ; and ! A;c.t: Uvthesva Wtlkrall. JLA„ hvy w.emhrs A the : aid Ca.iptvr. Cruiinnau of the i.'-'irriiitte.'. tne Most Jh. T. thy Primate, li ju. treu-'urer. Ilobert ' Cuad'-viek. K«q. Hon. snr-s,. IU-y. Joh:. laeUte L;.:jCley atai'If-'lvr. Atkin-j, ;?q. Architect-'. Messrs. iJiaeke; BiwS. Contractor, Mr. John Morris.-::. In addition to ibis there wa? placed in the jar a COpv each 0: The DW.Uj 7\\\rarc:.h. .< vdnev Mominf? JlerulJ. Church oT tho Australia Churchn.ju and ? ju:.- coins bearing this year's date. The Her. J. D. Langlcy, the hon. treasurer of thy Memorial Committee, read a huauclal state ment, from which i; appears that at the last public meeting, held in May, the subscription list showed amounts paid and promised up to £'2157 i:»s. ; and Mnce then sub-crLptions amounting to £412 17s. 2d. had been given, and that annual subscriptions, extending orer three ; r.:u; ii ve year-, had been prcmi-ed. amounting in the aggregate to £at,7 In. : mahiug a total | of £2 Ms Us. 2d. During the aitRrn-.-ju the list ! o: donations was increased by £i:'.i2 2s. ihh. a ) portion of which was T-laced upon the stone, and the remainder obtaine-d by co.lection at the 1 service. | Then the stor.e wa slowly lowered into its ; l ed. and declared by Sir Alfred -St-.phea to be well and traly laid " ir. the faith o: the Lord Jesus Christ, and ia loving memory .<: Frederic Barker, late Bishop ot thi Dioce-?. iathe name of tlie Father, and of the Svii. and of theilolv | Ghost." Sir Alfbed Stephen said : Mv Lord Bishop. l.aies and gentlernerp—The l! rtt duty which I j have this day to discharge i- to return my ; thinks to the Primate ar.-l thce r.ssociatetl j witii him in this grat-.-ful work tor the oppor- t t unity aitorded me o: publicly participating in it by the part which they have Ken p.eaed to entrust to me. There are very many friends of the lute bishop !> whom it :d have been more worthily assigned ; but by none could it be performed with more personal gratincation, and by none who more war::::/ cherishes hi? memory, or more highly appreciates the value of nis sei vices to the Church, and I through these to the community. I; lias i been the happy fortune cf our chnrch in , this colony to have po-ses».d in its pastors, ! from early times, men of aiike stamp — having like him intense c-amvtne-« and devotion to duty, supported by an energy both ot mind ami body that seemed to defy fatigue, and animated iu all their intercourse by never-faiiing charity and goodwill towards all men. Vivid memories 01 more than half a century recall to my mind as example the hrst missionary f:o:u our Australian Chc.reh — Samuel M.irsden— am: our firs; Australian biLop— the venerable and learned William G rant Brouchton. Hi suc cessor, our late revered Metropolitan and friend, Doctor Frc-.leric Barker, iu whose memory we erect this structure, was their equal in ever/ attribute of which I have spyk'Bi, while in one quality, that ot organisation, h" w j 1 \ 1 r u ?rior. The son of a ciergvrnun ::: Derovshne. vicar of Das low, ho held hrst a .-.-rpctu il curacy in a neighboring county: he utter war.; inini-terei in Ireland, and finally accepted the laborious curacy of Edge Hili in L;veip.-.»1. where bo curved — latterly v/ith imp.iretl health — for u'we eighteen vears. ir. tnat sjmero 01 duty he is ?a:u to have won the nti'ectioji and respect equally of his bre:hrc:i. .».? t-.oKe and the citiZju at large. He .va o::.- >A the founders of the Liverpool Collegiate Institution, and a warm supporter of the Church of England .School Society there. " 1 £ fervent j-iety,' a 1 1 -/ of Aptii 21. Ic2, "persuasive elotjuence, warm sympath.es and ari'v.-tl >r.ate z-.m! for their wel fare won for him thj he..;ta of hi- t:eo;>le, and by all who knew him he a as greatly beloved." At length, while re-: at lv;-.o;v. l- was. in 180-1, u:fere<i the biLopr> cf Sydnev. and, having accept i it 1 v i u el ori St. AndrewV Dav ::i ;n:»: vt-ar. arriv.r.-- this colonv earlv ir. int. v-ar : joo-vmu. Or B>h..p Barker' career hc:e — ding over the long period of 27 ye..r — :: U unneec- are ra SHY man- tvoris. Jtoring that |JC-ri-...K ire von ail n re igo-:: txtva-ivc .-tfi itttt-iTt .11: t chutigu! -.v.-re- tfivcti-j in 1 1 i-g L-C'.-lt-isins: ic-nl C'.-Rt-.i! .t.un or l.is uu.u' ;mJ of tiiv cinircli. Ail of -.iii.-:'.-. I Lave re-xs :>u to Lu ke ye, were largely u.-.ing to hi- Jin-: rutaen- tality, and most of t -.vete iivojitiiiii-iic-d -.tuder hi- advice, -vai-: a: hi. iasin.-.c; are: on Ins origiiiatiu::. Four r.ev.- dioce-ei were created, aud diocesaa tysiofi., with the general synod v.-hich etiihra.-ei v.eie e-taLii-iied. During his l-j-:-cod .:e a-.ove -.1 ue-.v churches and school-cjiit.-ch':; c -i.tieviion with the Church of England were Lnih. To his exertions inair.iy -,ve ai-o..v,e rh>- exi-lenr:-! o; that excel lent institution the Ckrgv Di.auhter-' School," and the establishment ot trie fund failed tiie Church Fitii.l. tiie vn.tie of -.vhic'n. if lea-onahiv Stiiqiorted, can hard./ be over.-ated. There are othe-r claims, aiso. which his memory !,a- on us. But I have now to approach the ia-i scene. Loug-couiiuueJ exertion h..-i inaieriallv re- tluceii the Bisho;.'- .-:rev:!). am. in lesl he lira! a serious attack of ;mru!y-i. w hich rendere-i a voyage to Euro;--, with its accomjmnring reli-f from v.-ork. a'ore-'.ateiv nece-sar'v. ' He never elfeetua.iy raiii-.-j. and in A,ri!, 'i s>-Jl a; rfan Rtmo, in Ilaiy. he entered into his rest. No member of this community, 1 am persuaded, , hut certainly no r:,-:::; i.-.r ot our communion i will be surpri-c-i that -aeh a lit-, a- that of Dr. Barker, -ucii exer-.ioa- in such a cause, should | have been unauimrei-ly felt to deiirend com- i memoration. The onl.v qre -tiou was a- to its ! ton.", ni.-": character. Kve.-ituullv it was resolved, after luii con-ideratioi;. various sugge-tiotis I having )>.eu ni . if. im'. not deemed practicable j or expt-dieut. that the memorial shuu'-l )« ; a chapier-hou-.' in connexion a ith the Cathedral, : a large portion or winch lia i been erected during I Dr. Barker's episcopate, nud which hud keen com ! t-.-crateJ by iiim on Andrew's Day, which ! happened to V- tiie anniversary of .bis own. The " result, or at k-a.t the initiation oi the design, is ; hcioiBVOU. I Bishop RtltRT then delivered the following I address " My brethren, in the mernoriais \- which we may see on the wails of ancient . catlicdrais there is oidiiiarily a threefold inscription — " In memoriam (ieiuiicti in ustmi i ec.-tesiae, in majorum gioriam Dei "— In memorv of tiie departed, tor the u-e oi the church, or fo'r the advancement of tiie glory of God. In that ilireefo'al nssjciiitiou we tru-'t tluit we lav tin stone :o-<i:iy. It is a sto-te laid in living memory— I do not say in the memorv oi the dead— I say iu memory of the departed, who is still living and at rest. If when a man's course ; was ended here he passed into nothingness, wlie should ills memory be prcsei ved ? But tlio-'e wiio pa-.s away live. They live in effect under God's gru.-e and providence and, the Work that they have done and the words thai they have .spoken and the example they have set 1 -ion earth. They livo iu their individual aud unJying personalities, at rest from their labor- — not, as we venture to think, l.raticc may Is-, of those whom they have left behind, ami tle.-iefure v.- ill he treasured iu loving rememlirancj ns on this day. with thanks toiloii, wliu lias shown forih his glory in his servntifi, and who will „hov,- it forlii even unto the end ot tiie world. The memorial that you hallow tu-d lit is, us you -.-, !!! know far better than I. a memorial that iles rves to be hallowed in ati'ectiuii ami tlialiliiVn'-i of one whom memorv -hould live in this church: iu this diocese of Svdu<",, so lung its tk'. work of Gui dIkiII rojiiimu' tho Churuh ui C'hri<t .-lull f.-iiiliuo. But thi? iDomori.il i. not ihdidIv ;i momorial. It i.? not moi'-lv iu locoll.'ctioii of th? dopiirteJ : it is for thu-W; of the dmrch, Jt U xouiftitnu.? UikuJ wholber personal muniorjali: rhould l;e works of public usufulncr, whctlivr thev should not be porsonal ir.omorialf neither less nor more ; aud 1 nusu-er thai if thu memorial is of one who deiired his own personal glory, aud who sank his v/ork iu that glory and in his own personality, then the work should be purelr a personal memorial. It should aim aj no higher character. But if it lie the memorial of a man who derived the loss o; himself in his work— who desired to be remembered only so far as that work was done under the grace of God — then work for the use of the church is the most pro per hallowing of snch memory as tlus. And, my brethren. I venture to say there is no work that is begun here that is of greater public useful ness. I know it will be of groat value to the work of the cathedral and to the increasing work of teaching and ministration which w« desire to gather ronnd it, and for the synodieal action of our chnrch. on which its v. elfare r.nd unity so largely depend. Ar.d we rejoice to think that in this new building our next General Synod will be held, and ther. for the first time will be u«ed that which we erect to-day. But, I venture to add. for the advancement of the glory of God, my brethren. To trcararo a saintly memory 5s no: to glorify the man, but is to glorify God in him : to advance the work of the church is simply to aH auce that which is desired for oue urea; object only, and that is the spread of the light of the Gospel : and therefore of the glory of God. 1 humbly trust that what we do to-Jay shall not only be a memorial of the de parted for the use c-: the church, but shall be a monument of homage and sacrifice to the glory of God. In ail the.-e aspects, my bre.inen, I pray that Gc-d will bh-?s our celebration to-day. I one? more varnestly a«k for the support of churchmen by tin? offering of to-day, aud tho.-e which v/ili bo gatherc-ii hereafter for it? perfect completion : aud once more I ask you to join in praying God to send down hi blessing upon it, :> the ake of Him whoe advent we a:e now celebrating— Hitn wlio died aud rose again for u — cur Lord Jesus Christ. 