ftU nte&ketif; Prmtfyecrfnn tnwwrt. WJTOxmwi ife&Ttxa;, raw annfeereiry to® mooring te eonncc ttep teli St, ftfopflonfe efiaroA1 was ftoid in toe AwoonWy I&tam;® on fHorsdby evening-, Xospg ftototo tosftour appointed! torfiavioff tb» o» tft® taftfee tft® ftalf wao wolf (fiiod'.and 5,0V awenunnowwsw oonmnronav noroover. im liowtate, -PEor® wore aoron fobios, the' fed®, jtomtep: oror oooh ftoinff Jfoftfamos jfeslpoff and Jfal'orr lifesdbmos 'KobortiOn Ate tfSfxSf Jtoadhoio® foot and pomtrct, Jdtodaiw Jtonro- aw# Bl'aofi-, Jfosrfam.ee Jifbton mite Stetfoson, Stotea men Sb&inton; And ffenw te, wftii'® Sfito Sfonro tii iffM W, Jdwwo ptoslifei1 ad fftff " Bachelor's rartfe,"' Jfeslff of til® taftio® wa® lbarfod with AUdfefejovteiwdbtortbopeoulVor tosuoft as, ooaome, teftltftwvavlbudlraiolodinoelrsof the A>d of oontoottewry te eftosftopo of innamor, asWe rAtisSb® of oofror, forts, swoefmoofs, ijf . tltAivndotel ffdlllUrf. ttehiltee Af orery dewrfftes wae to Bo (koorf te profess puftMbfer, A ftooneififf srroy of liowors in «u®e «d off eft® fofttbr, an® oomploto® tbo ftexoby of eft® soon®. After pwoo Hate hcon eimgivy itl®«»soniftibte company tho tea moot- dlli'dlOnMnMM'jOdiHIifrillH'dPit. Dlirt'lltl'r'rt'lMthAfr tag ts rfc'rtofiVBlbfihc v.iriaus good AUmg swfi (tiye dSifamt iHdic? mcnticned («>w> bwy mihiirt'drirtipto the wanfs of AbesttKptffiy. "Shtf to# 1'sstad: shout an houn- aud $ A Abe AWWhtiotv it acsmcd' Co o# that Abe atiftfik M jwA swifie iwtfoii' di'misoiibn- in vtto <m AVu! tof rtuft'seetidd' to bo I |»l«6y AriA ta sstisf/ too raqiiiVmorits of aeuwur iwr huttyVdrf, IHlW nhoritfuoce'.-to-' gesbftr #sAb Abe c«ta dhvotaf ta providing w'hatasoiv AUetahi'csVSrtrf too fininstaking aticvAifte jwW ta siV,. /art'octe great credit iU,bfteAfe«e taftbsp wh6>w'tftairisrrumcnfsi'in iWuridlfg Altf (fwfutttam of good rhing Air #uuwi tHiia owwwnfry tea mooring was a ws#fhoroughiy enjoyed by Abcsewftwti ftwMfeiyowerf isy hoht ta S'A- RtenhsnV's Churchy at tight tihVookv Tho church was well fiUodr moet of thoso who wcroat tho toa meeting being also at tho after meet ing. Tho chair was occupied by the Rov. Wr 8. Rathjeo, and among those on tho plntform, below tho chairman, were the Rovsr 8. I, Alden, R. Kerr, of Allora, W. Higlott, and F. Doesbnry. The proceedings commenced by. singing the lOOlh Psalm, after which the chairman read letters of apology from the following clcrgymoii-4- Rovs. Dr. Nelson, T, Jonos, John M'Ara, W. Faulkner, and G, Hervey. Tho Chairman, in his opening address, said it afforded him great pleasure to preside on that occasion, all the more so because the gathering partook of an unscctarian chorac- ter® Some said that communities or denomi nations in religion are necessary. He did not say yes or no. Somo peoplo said that tho Church, as a whole, worked all tbo better for being thus divided into denominations. That might he, or might not be, Whether they would all bo bottor under one organize ' tion he was not prepared to say, but as they . were all working In a good canse, he could not but welcome an occasion which brought them all together So far as he knew in this community, the principle of u&scctnrianism; pervaded such social gatherings as they had that evening, Romanians of that kind in tbo various denominations brought together all classes and sects. He recognised that this was as it sboold be. He was sincerely glad ta welcome his brother ministers and all the peoplo who were present at tboir anniversary that nfght. He alluded in happy terms to the tea mooting, and hoped that all who were present hod followed his oxomple — ate heartily And thoroughly enjoyed' him self. The choir then sang, "Not My Own." Tho Rev, S, I. Alden oxprcased his pleasure at being present, after which ho paid a high tribute to the ladles for their management of the tea meeting, Mr. Alden then related some humorous anecdotes, after which he proceeded to tbo main subject of bis address. He safd that in Toowoomba there was a manifest lack of energy in tho performing of Christian work. Ho did not want to say that there was any want of soundness as regards doctrine. Thoy beard tho samo Go9pcl truths preached time after limo by the several ministers from tho different pul pits, but what he wanted to point out was that the results were not what they ought to be. It .was not the fault of tbo doctrine that they had not bad better resnlts, and it was certainly not the fault of tbo systemof reaching that same doctrine. They really never had such good machinery., 'fie com pared the chnrch to a hogo factory for tbo manufacture of ribbon— blue ribbon. Tho machinery In that factory was splendid, and yet no ribbon was manufaotarcd. "What was the reason / The fact was that there was no steam. That was what they waoted in tho church to make tho maohinory go and derive , good lesaltsu They ' wanted the peoplo to attend the churches on SundajB. ' They did not want empty seats as 'they ofton had on the Sabbath, but full ones as they saw before' them that night. They wanted tho powcrof the Holy Ghost in tho hearts of the people. There was one grand poem of Mocauley's, of which he was strikingly reminded .then; It described how Henry of Navarre went forth with bis troops to fight— and We ertod onto the living Fowbt, who rules the fate ct .war Te fight for His own holy tuune aod Henry of Navarre. ; And then ' tho poet went on to say after tho : fight was over and King Henry victorious For oar God hud crashed the tyrant, oar. ffod had raised tbe slave, .» . . i And mocked the ecnsrol of the wise and the -valor of the breve. Then glory to Bia holy name/ front wh'om all glories And glory to oar sovereign lord, Elng Henry of Navsrre.. That was what they wapted— to light for God, and he would enable them to achieve glorious results, : The choir then sang " 1 am tho Resurrec tion," after which Ml s Monro sang " I know that my Redocmer. Liveth," which was per fectly rendered In a 'sweet, clearvoice.' The Rev, R, Kerb, of Allure, next ad dressed the meeting, and after expressing his pleasure at being present, said bo was also glad to bavo an opportunity of returning tho eoepliments Mr. Rathjpn had, often- paid him by assisting in meetfoge of a similar kind at Allora. Mr, Alden had, to d certain gentleman had spoken in the way of getting more work done in connection with siplritual thiogs, and that reminded him of n few thoughts, Mr, Alden bad addressed himself to the question of secerns In connection with . church work, but ho would speak of success in connection with everyday life. Peoplo liked to succeed in everything, but they a:d not always know how. Ono of the first things they should bavo' was a well-defined object in view. People setting oat on the voyage of life without any idea of what thoy were to do, or where they were going to, resomblcd a ship at sea with no harbor to faco to. What gave a man courage, patience, and perseverance throughout tbo storme of life was the knowledge that aftor the strife and turmoil had ceased there was a safo haven in which be could rest. So thnt having a well-defined object in view was the first essential to scoscss. Secondly, perse veranco was required towards the attaiomeot of that object. This perseveranco was most important. They shoald not: bo like tho frith Mhnnltw>T whn hut tvutmcrst «nnn»h Ia jump to the top of the tree, bat had not the perseverance to climb. They should com, menco at tho' beginning, aod go1 upwards. Tbo gTSat George Stephenson's advice to tho young men was " Do as I have dono— perse vere," and he was n noble example of what can be accomplished by perseverance. Another matter that they required in the read to success was patience. They should wait until the proper opportunity presented itself. Patience. was admirable, and there could be no better illustration of it than the conduct of. tho British soldiers at Watorloo. All dfty long they ; stood in the defeusivo— wafting for their opportunity. All day long the living stream of French firo, and valour, precipitated itself against them, but all in vain, they wero as firm as a rock. And when tbo last grand charge came, when Napoleon staked all upon tho " Old Guard," ana tbo ohargo was made and resisted ; then came tho long waitcd'for opportunity of Iho British, and they swept grandly and. carried all before them. Another ingredient thnt men wanted was courage, and by (bat he did not mean mere physlcinl courage, but rather moral courage. Of this latior he gave n very apt illustration in tho reply of tho great Scottish Reformer, John Knox, to Regent Morray, With moral courage united to patienco, porsovorancc, and a well-defined object thoy should succeed in life, overcome every difficulty and danger, and attain tho object they were striving for— tho reward of crlory from tho bands of tbo Lord of Hosts, Mrs, Hardy then sang " Guardian Angel " fn a very sweet manner after which tbo eboir santr another anthem. Tho Rev, William HiOLETTthendcIivered an Appropriate address.' In paying a well de served tribute to tbo choir, ho InoidontnHy re marked tbatnextTnesday evening the firstspc- cial meeting of tho filuo Ribbon Society will tako place in tho School of Arts. Ho was glad to bo present to Bhow his sympathy with that brothorly fceliog of which tho Chairman bad spoken. In tho coarse of his address the reverend gentloman, speaking of tho Church, said that Holy Writ mentioned about "times of refreshing." But It. was necessary to have the root to be refreshed. Unless tho germ was there in the ground, of what avail was the rain ? They wanted the vino first beforo they could get the fruit. They were told in the Biblo "Ask undjc shall recoive ; Seek and ye shall find ; Knock and it will bo opened untuyoa," But farther on they were told that there was a limit as to what thoy should csk, and as to who should ask. It was only tho children of God that had a right to do theso things. Rat the seeking implied an earnest desire, and the knocking a still stronger one. That was the sort of asking they needed— ibe strong craving after spiritual good. Miss Monro and Mrs. Hardy sang a duet, after which the choir gave " Nearer llomc," Tho Rev. F. Duebduby then delivered a vigorous address, in the course of which be dwelt upon the efficacy of prayer, wbicfa bad power to awaken the hearts of the people and erradfeate wickedness. If people only prayed/morc they would have more power The choir then sang "When the Mists have Cleared Away," On the motion of Mr. J. If. Robertson, seconded by Mr. fiatton, a vote of thanks was heartily Accorded to the ladies for their labor, sod the excellence of tho repast pro vided at the tea meeting, . , On the motion of Mr. 'J, H,' Monro, se conded by. Mr. Bruce, a vote of thanks was accorded to the Ministers preecot for their earnest and Instructive addresses, . 'A rote of thanks to'tfae choir was proposed by the Rev. R. Kerr, -'and 'seconded by Sir, Blackburn, after which a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman, on the motion of the Kcv. Mr. Docs bury. Another bymn from the choir, and tbo Benediction brought tho meeting to a close. Wo meat not omit to mention tbdt Mr. Thompson officiated as condoctor In his usual praiseworthy style. Mrs. J. Q. Munro presided at the organ, and played the various accompaniments ui a very satisfactory manner. 