CRUISE OF THE MUSGRAVE. [By our Special Reporter.] The annual trip of the Governor Musgrave for the inspection of lighthouses, &c.;, is usually a comparatively commonplace cruise, but this year there was something of a special character about it on account of rather important questions concerning certain outports, the oyster fishing interest, and other matters coming within the jurisdiction of the nautical tribunal. Notification had been sent to the Mayors of various seaports which the Musgrave intended to visit so that there might be an opportunity of furbishins up old grievances, taking down from the shelf those local wants which, for want of speedy settle ment, are frequently pigeonholed from year to year, and produced, a little dusty perhaps, as opportunity afforded. The Musgrave started from the Semaphore on Tuesday evening at 7.20, with Captain Ferguson (President), Captains Legoe and J. W. Smith, Messrs. John Formby, S. D. Glyde, and H. C. E. Muecke, Wardens. Mr. John Neill was expected to join at Moonta, and Captain McCoy could not come. There were also two representatives of the Press on board, anticipating some work in directions of deputations, and praying for fine weather to write in. The weather was at first so mild that those members of the party who for the first day or two are wont to practise total abstinence from the dinner table and haunt secluded spots in the vicinity of the lee bulwarks were enabled to forego that sort of sea training and appear with marvellous regularity at mealtime. CAPE BORDA. The run across to Cape Borda was pleasant to a degree, and 0n Wednesday morning early the steamer was anchored off Harvey's Return, a picturesque cove, with an evil reputation, a tiny sandy beach, and studded with huge rocks, upon which in rough weather the breakers dash with tremendous force, making landing perilous, and at times impracticable, but on this occasion the fair weather favoured us, and the landing was effected with singular ease considering the character of the place. It is a sort of seaside resort for sharks. Why the place is called Harvey's Return did not transpire, but I should think it was given in a satirical spirit, because in nine cases out of ten a satisfactory return would be about as irregular and doubtful as one under the Taxation Act. It is pretty certain that here the members of the Marine Board begin earning their fees. The climb up the precipitous, almost perpen dicular rocky hill, followed by a three and a half mile tramp through unaccommodating scrub and uncultured sand, or worse still a jolting ride in a cart behind an aged but con scientious horse, who takes his spells as regularly and often as a day labourer, must be well worth the weightiest of guineas, especially when a scorching sun warms the walkers. Even if a small boat jetty were not run out at Harvey's Return, and better facilities for climbing the rocky wall bound ing the rather romantic cove are not pro vided, there should certainly be some sort of a road through the scrub to the lighthouse, not so much for the comfort of members of the Marine Board, who are supposed to put duty before convenience, but for the advantage of the lighthouse people, who have to get their stores np the best way they can, and be thankful if they have not previously been capsized in precarious land ing. Messrs. Formby, Muecke, and the Press preferred tramping ankle deep in sand to counting the frequent but very necessary spells of the stanch but methodical old horse, and arrived at the lighthouse half an hour before that philosophic animal. The country for a good many miles had been just burnt, and was smoking yet. This was done, it was said, to attract the wallaby, who follow in the track of a bush fire for the sake of the green feed which promptly springs up. Iguanas of a very large size appear to be plentiful in this unpicturesque region, and the lighthouse people say that they rob their henroosts with an amount of boldness and address that would make the fortune of a gipsy poacher. Iguanas three feet long have been seen in broad daylight coolly scuttling off into the scrub from some rifled henhouse with an egg carefully held in the jaws 'for private consumption,' and they play sad havoc with the chickens who have not been educated up to the wiles of iguanas and roam too far. The Cape Borda Light house on Kangaroo Island, with its square dazzling white tower 38 feet high and 510 feet above the sea, is a remarkably conspicuous object both from Beaward and on the land side, and this with the buildings around it formed the only sign of civilization in sight in that vast ocean of scrub, except the cemetery, which testifies to the health of the light people by being not much bigger in area than a town allotment, and every one knows that is small enough. The lighthouse in its interior and exterior was clean, painfully clean in fact— brasses burnished till they dazzled the eyes, paint work without spot or blemish, ana the cottages of the same scrupulous purity. The members of the Board, having inspected the lighthouse and keepers' cottages, examined the records, heard reports, settled differences if any, earned another visionary guinea by taking the back track under a burning sun. In the meantime the Press representatives got ahead of them and took a swim in Harvey's Return, regardless of sharks, who were probably restrained by the inky flavour from molesting them, but on getting on board the Musgrave it was found that a large shark had been actively engaged with a piece of pork and a hook, both of which he took away with him as mementos of the Musgrave's visit. The fishers hooked and hauled him up to the surface, but he bit the line in two and cleared off— an enormous fellow. They abound in that region, and revel in snapper. The inspection of Cape Borda Light-station being satisfactorily concluded, a course was shaped for THE ALTHORPE, an island of limestone, sand, and granite, rising like a huge monster from the ocean to the height of 350 feet, with a lighthouse of the circular orthodox form, also painfully clean in every particular. The accent of the Althorpe Island by a rude precipitous path was sufficiently dangerous to be exciting, and the descent by means of an almost perpendi cular ladder 370 feet long was even more so to some members of the party. On the further end of the Althorpe Island from the light house there are numerous caves, which are said to fairly honeycomb the island, and are plentifully supplied with guano. We hear again the story of the iron ship which was seen to strike on a reef in sight of the island about three years ago, get off, proceed on her voyage— she was bound for London from Port Pirie it is said— and was never heard of again. During the Musgrave's stay a fine large and beautifully marked carpet or tiger shark was caught and reserved for one of our museums. One of the means of reaching the summit of Althorpe Island is by the ladder or rather tramway which was with much difficulty and with great peril erected against the face of the precipitous cliff. Up this tramway the stores are raised by means of a truck and winch. On one occasion the truck, loaded with stones, broke adrift on reaching the summit, and shot down with terrific force to the bottom. It was fortunate that no one was at the foot of the descent. The Musgrave anchors opposite this — the north side of the island— where a great portion has fallen away, leaving a perpendicular wall, with a little sandy bay, fringed with well-worn rocks at the foot. This is the only really practicable place of ascent— the other side where the caves are is even more precipitous. The Musgrave left the Althorpes at 2 a.m. and, anchored off CORNY POINT, where there is a white stone tower ninety eight feet high, standing conspicuously upon an elevation of the promontory. Here the landing was easy and the inspection was satisfactory, the lighthouse and cottages being clean enough to satisfy even a Dutch housewife. The Corny Point light has become famous for a vagary of its own, which has puzzled not only the Marine Board and many nautical authorities, but such experts in lighthouses as Chance Brothers. The lighthouse in Corny Point, which lies south-west of Hardwicke Bay has this peculiarity— it throws an arc of re flected light inside Webb Rook, which lies six and a half miles south-west half south from the Point. As this arc of light may be mistaken for the true one by incautious mariners the Marine Board and others interested have been much exercised in their minds to find a remedy. When the matter was reported the Musgrave took a special cruise to ascertain the truth of the complaint, but found that the light was shut out on nearing Webb Rock, and considered the complaint unfounded, but subsequently another shipmaster. reported that he could see the light inside of the Rock, and on further examination it was discovered that such was the case, the so-called light being a reflection, the cause of which has not been fathomed. Screens have been tried and other measures adopted, but the reflection still persistently appears, and is supposed to be caused by some peculiarity in the form of one of the lenses.-- However, it does not appear to be a matter of vital importance, as vessels have only to adhere strictly to the sailing directions for Spencer's Gulf and the vagaries of Corny Light cannot trouble them. Goats seems to be the strong feature of Corny Point. The region is a barren one. where only a goat or a lighthouse-keeper could exist, but a few miles inland signs of cultivation were visible. Corny Point Light is reckoned the most useful in the Gulf. TIPARA was the next place visited after a call at Moonta Bay. The screwpile lighthouse of Tipara is of singular form, 100 feet high, the light of which, according to Sawtell's Almanac, has been seen at a distance of sixty- two miles during a mirage, but is ordinarily visible eighteen miles. The inspection of this lighthouse, which was conducted while the Musgrave lay anchored off in a fairly heavy swell, proved as agreeable as the others. But how people could exist in that iron-cage at Tipara on a waste of waters is another of the puzzling -phases of human nature, but it was stated that one of the Cape Borda people actually applied for the favour of rusticating at Tipara. There are four keepers at Tipara, and they take it in turn, one man staying three months on shore to send off stores, &c;, and then taking his spell at the lighthouse, where the walking exercise seems to be confined to three steps and overboard. MOONTA BAY, which was visited on Thursday, excited about as much exhilaration m our minds as a back number of the Government Gazette. There was neither the expected deputation scenery, shipping, sensation, or excitement of any kind. Its glory seemed to have de parted with the busy times of the past sug gested by the long, massively timbered jetty, with its railway lines. The wind howling is a dismal manner over the lonely beach and around the solitary looking houses perched upon the top of the weather-worn cliff re minded one forcibly of Wuthering Heights. There was nothing to do at Moonta Bay, except to inspect the modest lighthouse at the end of the jetty, and after the Musgrave had run across to Tipara, as stated, she shaped a course for WALLAROO BAY, where a strong sign of civilization, in the shape of a deputation, awaited the Board. The steamer got there on Thursday night, and in the morning the official visit was made. There were plenty of signs of life and business. Alongside the jetty, which is 1 ,605 feet long, there is another one, denominated 'the old jetty,' 800 feet long, where seven fine vessels were lying, viz., the Scottish Lassie, 852 tons ; Loch Tay, 1191 ; Hyperion, 935 ; Albatross, 937: Jessie Renwick, 892 ; Helma, 901; and Verulam, 497 ; and one train of some 22 wheat-laden trucks came in while we were there. The Verulam, by the way, is a regular veteran trader to South Australia, her associations dating back some thirty years or so. A hydraulic winch taking out stone ballast from the Albatross attracted a good deal of attention, not that it was obtrusive, because it worked with singular quietness, but on account of its peculiar form and evident useful ness. One man managed it with a very simple lever, shutting off or letting on the water as needed; and the machine, which was equal to 15 cwt., went as smoothly and silently as the ghost of a steam-crane. It was movable, and the water-power, we were told, was supplied from a strange- looking edifice ashore, like a caricature of the Lion Brewery. The idea commended itself at once to the practical members of the party; and the man who engineered this water winch, in his pride at seeing it attract so much notice, volunteered the information that it worked very rapidly as well as easily. But considering the expense gone to in obtaining the motive power it was suggestive of the mountain in labour. The winch itself was right enough, but when one contrasts its small size and capacity with the big tower and machinery for supplying the water power, there was something incongruous about the concern. The Board very soon had the question of the disposal of the stone ballast before them again. They had evidently very much heard of it before, but it was brought under their notice in a terse practical way by Mr. W. Phillips (the Mayor of Wallaroo), who, with Council lors E. C. Bird, S. Cropley, J. Malcolm, and Mr. J. Thompson (the Town Clerk), and Councillor J. Styles, of Kadina, waited upon them as a deputation. The President and his party were shown a stretch of the beach, beginning at the shore end of the jetty and extending some distance; and it was ex plained to them that this was in part private property, but that the owner would not object to the stone ballast being shot there. The question of how to utilize, or rather get rid, of the stone ballast brought by vessels calling for wheat at Wallaroo bay has been one upon which some difference of opinion has existed, and the Board have long had it under their consideration. The Harbour master at Wallaroo had suggested that a breakwater running out to Point Hughes should be formed of this waste stone, as this would protect the vessels from the north west gales, and the Board raised no objection to the formation of the breakwater, but they postponed any final decision on the matter until the annual visit, when they could hear the opinions of practical local men. The Mayor of Wallaroo having pointed out the situation, said some vessels brought as much as 600 tons of this blueatone ballast, some brought 400 tons, others 200, and in fact a great quantity was landed, and the conse quence was that a difficulty had arisen as to the disposal of this ballast— it could not all be utilized for building purposes, and there was now little demand for it, but the main point was how to dispose of itso as to delay the vessels as little as possible. Some of it had been discharged on the smelting works pro perty, but that was inconvenient to the ship masters owing to the delay. The Corpora tion considered the matter very carefully, and came to the conclusion that the place indicated — the stretch of beach on the north west side of the pier — would suit very well. There was room for thousands of tons just above high-water mark. At some future day the land so reclaimed might be made valuable, and the stone breakwater help to make the finest harbour in the colony. If they could only settle the question of the disposal of the ballast so as to prevent the present incon venience and delay to the ships it would make Port Wallaroo more popular to masters. Mr. Malcolm said he nad been engaged some years in the place and had seen the difficulty of disposing of the ballast. The cost of depositing the stone on the site suggested would be comparatively trifling ; a railway siding for the trucks would have to be made, and he hoped the Board would use their influence to get that done. There had been much delay caused by the necessity of carrying the stuff so far away, some three miles out of the town, and it would cost a penny halfpenny per ton less to put it where it was now proposed to deposit it. Captains of vessels had actually stated that they would not come in ballast to Wallaroo, even for 2s 6d. per ton more, on account of the delay in getting rid of the stuff. They had to buy ballast in Melbourne and discharge it here with more delay and loss than they cared about. The scheme proposed would improve Government as well as private property. Mr. Styles, Mr. Cropley, and others endorsed the views expressed, and it was mentioned that vessels coming to Wallaroo in ballast had to discharge half the stuff six miles out, then return to the jetty, load up so far with wheat, and then discharge the rest of the ballast for the balance of their wheat cargo, whereas, if they could turn out the ballast on to trucks at the jetty there would be far less trouble and delay. The worst part of it was that it sometimes hap pened that when a vessel went out to get rid of her ballast she found her berth filled up, and had to wait, which was a most serious matter. In respect to sand ballast there were not many vessels that came with that, most of them were from Melbourne and Sydney with the bluestone. The Mayor asked the President if it was wise to throw the ballast out at sea, and he said certainly not if it could be put on shore. In answer to the deputation, Captain Ferguson said he ap proved of the plan of putting the ballast on the stretch of beach above high-water mark as indicated, and one difficulty seemed to have been removed by the owner of the private property not objecting. He thought, however, that it would be unwise to discharge it from trucks from the jetty, as the trucks standing there would interfere with the passage of the wheat loads. A line along the bank would do better. There was room on the site for hundreds of thousands of tons of the ballast, and he saw no reason why it thould not be put there, especially as it would improve the place. If there was any light stuff likely to wash away it could easily be removed or faced up, and the sand ballast might be put behind property bounds. It would be a great convenience to shipmasters, and an incentive for them to come to Wallaroo, he had no doubt, if the plan proposed were properly carried out. Every facility should be given to enable vessels to discharge their ballast, take in cargo, and get away with the least possible delay. Speaking for himself and his col leagues, he could say that the Board would do all in their power to meet the wishes of the deputation. THE BOAT HABBOUR. Another of the standing wants of Wallaroo Bay is that of a safe boat harbour, as a number of the people obtain their living by fishing, and a place into which the boats can run in rough weather would no doubt be re garded as a boon. The Board have been ap proached before in regard to this matter, and enough ink to float a fisherman's boat has been spilt on the subject according to the testimony of one individual slightly given to metaphor. There is a boat harbour it appears, for the Board were taken down to see it, and had heard of it time and again. It has an embankment of slag running some distance out north-west, and the depth of water in some places within this miniature bay is six feet. There are about twenty boats to be ac commodated. Some of the same deputa tion pointed out the requirements, and urged that a breakwater 800 feet long run out to join the present bank, but having a 100-feet opening, should be made, the smelting works proprietors having con sented to supply the slag for nothing if the Board would sanction the undertaking. The Board had no objection, but it appeared that the deputation also wanted them to deepen the harbour, which would be rather an ex- pensive process. One gentleman suggested that a narrow channel might be dredged in the boat harbour, but it was pointed out that this would speedily fill up again. The Board consented to the other arm of the breakwater being run out as suggested, subject to their ovm plan, which would be drawn and forwarded. As to the deepening, they decided to wait and see what effect the breakwater would have. The deputation appeared satisfied with this, and thanked the Board, who then returned to the Mus grave and proceeded to Point Lowly. 