The lio turned Islanders. The manner iu which the officials con. ducted the trip of tbe Victoria, and re turned the illegally recruited islanders of New Guinea, has been severely criticised, for it is coutended tbat no intelligent effort was made to ensurethat ' moral im pression ' ou tlie islanders which was regarded as one of the chief aims of the expedition. The S. M. Herald's special correspondent amusingly describes the modus operandi of returning the boys to their friends, thus All haviug been lauded, the natives of tbe island, together with the returned natives, were directed to seat themselves ou the sand uuder the large tree, and there Mr. Romilly, in his capacity of Deputy Commissioner for New Guiuea, explained, through the Teste Island teacher, Jerry, the reasons which had led to this extraordinary visit. Mr. Romilly's address was somewhat pecu liar, and hardly calculated to make the matter iu hand very intelligible to natives who knew nothing about it. But it is probable that subsequently, and when the white men had left the island for the ship, the returned natives threw a little more light upon the subject in the minds of the others. Tbe unintelligibleness of what the Deputy Commissioner said was owing to the circumstance that during the voyage it appeared to be regarded as I the proper thing to speak through the interpreters iu pigeon English only, aud this practice led to the adoption of astyle of address the meauing of which it was sometimes difliculttocomprehend. In the sceue, the Deputy Commissioner, who is suffering from aii injured foot, is seated in a ship's armchair, in which he had been carried by four natives from the boat to the shade of the tree. He is attended by Mr. H. M. Chester iu the uniform of a lieutenant iu the Queensland Naval Bri gade ; Mr. Stanley Harris, in the capacity of secretary to Mr. Romilly ; and Dr. P. Smith, tbe medical officer accompanying tbe Victoria. Tbe men of the Naval Brigade are drawn up iu line close by ; the natives are seated iu a large group, justiu front of the Commissioner ; aud the three or four civiliaus travelling by the Victoria, aud not immediately con nected with the Government party, are standing not far off as spectators. Every thing being in this way ready, the Com missioner, addressing the interpreter aud teacher Jerry, directs him, by two or three words at a time, to explain that tbe natives have beeu sent back to New Guiuea by the Queensland Government, because they had been recruited in an improper way, and that there are to be no more labour vessels. Jerry finds his task very difficult, but appears to do his best. Then the Commissioner says You speak ; we bring him back plenty men along here ; go along, you speak. Jerry interprets this as well as he cau. I The Commissioner : You speak ; you say we bring plenty men ; Government of Queensland send him back ; man no savee why he come ; Queen Victoria, be send him back home, plenty tomahawk, aud plenty tobacco; you speak all the same. Jerry interprets again. The Commissioner : You speak ; man lie stop long time Queensland ; some man be die, some man he dead. The Commissioner : Queensland Go vernment every man he die he send oue fellow all the same there (alluding to the parcels of presents). Mr. Chester : Present. The Commissioner : Tomahawk, blan ket. Mr. Chester : Kuife. Jerry again interpreted. The Commissioner : You savee ; friend belong him lie— father, mother, he take him that fellow (present). Jerry interpreted. The'Commissiouer : You speak ; Queen Victoria, he look out all man stop New Guiuea; ship he no come; Queen Vic toria he look out ; no man he come here. The presents were then handed over to the care of the nitive teacher on Killer ton, and after about a quarter of an-hour spent in a stroll about the island, which has few thiugs upon it to make it attrac tive, the party returned to the steamer, aud she was very soon on her way to East Cape. ? ? Wohak's Sphere— There are few men now so benighted as to bclievcthat woman's mission can be summed up in Shakespeare's words : 'To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts siie is greatly assisted by Messrs. Iiorwick & Sons, who, for her conveni ence, have produced their celebrated 14 Baking Powder' and Gold Medal ' Uustard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry cau be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble; whilst, with the latter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most delicioti! custarda, blanc-manges, See., at half th-: usual time. Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in the old country lo revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Kcrooge's remark to Marluy'6 ghost : ' Ilow do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghost pro/ iuceis, a bit of heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt the Barest spell against ghosts by using liorwick'e GoM .Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in the most adiniiablc fashion. Evory wise storekeeper has it by him, at.d very good houeewUo bujB it. Small Capitalists winning f Establish a Business should see if there it, aii c-pening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in their district, All information ami receipts for the purpose i making Lemonade, Soda Water, &c.;, is given previous knowledge is not neceBsary. The jcmand for these drinks is so ranch on the in crease, in all parts of thewoild, that theoiitlay for the machinery in nil c.ifics leads to a prov able an-l saff- hus-inc-^. Catalogue forwarded tree, or can he ha„ at the office of this paper on naytnen of Is. — llAKM/J'T aud Fohtkr. Kngi neero 2 HO, Forcton street. London, N. Mat Goon Uiukstion wait on Appbtiti: say1; Shakesp'-are, but 'good digestion ' wil, never wait upon had bread, and it is therefore of the gieatei-t importanccthat in making bread one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through long use in ho-ischoh's throughout the world Foremost amongst thes' must, be reckom d ' Porwiek'sGold Slcdal Raking Powder,' which had stood the tost in every climate of the world Gel it, use it, and add your testimony to that of the niiiliuiR who praise it, A Caud. — To all who are suffeiing from the erioisand indiserotinsof youth, nervous weak ness, enrly -1- cay, 'osgof manhood, Acc., I will s-nd a reeij'n that will euri- .vou, fr-o of ch-Tg--. I'hls grent remedy was discovered by a mission ary in South America. Send a self addreFsed snvelo o nnd sixpence to prepay postage |G the Rev, Joseph 'J . Jnmnn, SUtion, D„ New York City, U.8,A, 