SPORTim KOTES, «fcc. RACING EVENTS TO COMF. V.H.C. Autumn Meeting, February 18, Varch 26, Logan and Albert J.C. Annual Meeting, March 17,18. Jlockbaiuplon J.C. Annual Uet-Ung, June 18, in. ON Wednesday evening last thc annual meet- ing of subscribers to the Fitzroy Racing Club waB held at thc Criterion Hotel. Mr. J. F. Barry presided, the attendance being rather small. A very satisfactory report and balance-sheet were laid before thc members, showing that the receipts for thc year amounted to £531 I Gs. Gd., whilst the ex- penditure was £509 Us. 5d., leaving a credit balance of £22 5s. ld. During thc progress of the meeting, Mr. T. Morgan adverted cu eulogistic terms to the able manner in which the Hon. Secretary, Mr. Chester Master, had fulfilled his duties, adding that to that gentleman's good management the success of the Club was mainly due. On Mr. Morgan's suggestion a honorarium of £30 was voted to Mr. Master as a slight acknowledgment of the energy and ability he had displayed in the interests of the Club. The proposal was unanimously agreed to, und the Secretary expressed his thanks for thc compliment paid him, promising no effort on his part should be wanting in the future to increase the prosperity of the Club. It must be very gratifying to all con- cerned to find a balance to the Club's credit and I cannot refrain from reiterating the opinion that still greater success might be attained if a more suitable time of thc year were chosen for the annual meeting. At Christmas, races are held at nearly every town in thc colony, and therefore none but half-trained local nags can be expected to compete. This in itself is a strong reason for some earlier or later date, not mentioning the unsuitable weather and the many counter attractions at Midsummer. Visitors who attended thc Emu Park Races on New Year's Day were so satisfied with the success of the meeting, and the manner in which the programme was carried ont, that at the settling a subscription list was opened, and £35 promised in thc room towards a fund for another race meeting at Easter. It is quite probable a respectable sum will l>e run for on that occasion. Meanwhile promoters of .the affair may see their way to form a Club, under whose auspices two or three small race meetings a year could easily be carried out. Such a capital place for racing deserves to bc utilised to its fullest extent, and I trust those gentlemen who worked so energetically to make thc late meeting " go off," will further exert themselves to moke the Emu Park Racing Club an institution. Tho two-year-old progeny of the following sires arc eligible to compete for thc Peak Downs Jockey Club Sires' Produce Stakes of thc present year, to bc nm in July next : Roebuck, Evcnlight, Stockdale, Thc Rake, Standard Bearer, and Traveller. Tho mares nominated for the Peak Downs Mares' Pro- duce Stakes of 1887, for then two-year-olds, arc few in number, and nothing like what was to be expected. They are as follow :-Mr. A. Henry's Florence s Mr. W. K. Peberdy's Kilmore, Small Star, and White Face j Mr. C. P. Martyr's Cora and Nina j Mr. T. J. Hatfield's Decoy and Flirt ; and Mr. W. H. Kettle's Rosey. Maryborough Midsummer Meeting was held on New Year's Day, which enabled thc competitors at the Gympie meeting to attend. The Trial Stakes went to the Kelpie marc Jessica, who defeated Bally and Latchkey in that order. The New Tear's Gift lay be- tween Mr. Finnio's. Medusa (9st. 131bs.), Cossack (7st. llb.), and Phoenix (7st. llb.), the mare winning cleverly by half a length from Cossack. The Corinthian Cup was won comfortably by Cossack (9st. 81b.), his op- ponents being Bally (Ost. 101b.), and Tristan (Sst. 121b.) The All- aged Stakes (w.f.a.) pro- duced a good race between Sportsman and Jessica, the former winning by a head in 1-19 for the six furlongs, which is smart going. The Hack Handicap, after a lively set-to, was appropriated by Latchkey (Hst. 1Mb.) in a field of six ; Pharos (11st. 31b.) second. The Farewell Handicap was carried off pretty comfortably by Phonix (fist. I31b.) who was followed hy Sportsman (lOst. 81b.), Jessica (7st. 12lh.), and two others. Townsville had a very successful race meeting on Boxing Day. Five Btarted for the Flying Handicap, which was won by Thc Moor (Cst. 10lbs.); Clarence (9et. 5lbs.) being second, and Kettledrum (lOst.) third. Speculation (10 st.) also ron. Bloudin won the Welter Handicap easily, being followed by Newmarket und Commotion. Eight started for the Christmas Gift, which Lady (7st. Olbs.) won easily; Newmarket (8st. 6 lbs.) second. Lord Loftus and Herod fell, and the other competitors, including Rich- mond Gem (9 st. 12 lbs.) were distanced. Oscar (12st.) won the Hurdle Race in hie own time, Scud and Newmarket baulking. New bolt (9st.) won the Ladies'Purse with some- thing in hand; Blondin (7st. 6lbs.) second, and Herod (9st.) third. The Consolation Stakes went to Selector (Oat. 12lbs.), who won a fine race from Lord Loftus (Sst. ioihs.) and Commotion. Charters Towers meeting was held on New Year's Day, and attracted good fields of horses and a large number of spectators. Epicure won the Maiden from Shilling and Baronet. Oscar appropriated the Hurdle Race as Sic pleased. Nine started for the New Year's Gift, which Blondin (7st. Sib.) won comfort- ably from Lord Loftus (Sst. 71b.) and Specula- tion (8st. 51b.) Time, 2miu. 47secs. Scud (lOst.) won the Corinthian by a length from Commotion (Hst.) and Richmond Gem (Hst. 21b.), in 2min. 25£secs. The Miners' Purse went to Newbolt (Oat. 21b.), who won with something to spare from Blondin (7st. 71b.) and Scud (7st.) The time given for the mile and quarter, 2min. 20Jsec. Five competed for the Consolation Stakes, which was won easily by Speculation (7st. 101b.), Ace ("st. 31b.) second, and Lord Loftus (8st. 51b.) third. £216 were paid to winners at thc settling, the money being very evenly divided, Mr. G. Aubrey and Dr. Frost being at the top of the list. At thc Charleville New Year's Day races Little Nell won the Maiden Plate, Publicans' Purse, Forced Handicap, and ran second for thc New Year Handicap, won by Little King, Not a bad record for a one-day meeting. On thc same day, at Roma, Petrel won the big money ; King of the Ring second. King of thc Ring won the Farewell Handicap. Springfield won the Tambo Christmas Handicap, and Darkness the Flying Handicap, both being close races. On Boxing Day, at Gympie, Mr. Finnie's Medusa (9st. ll lb.) won the Christmas Han- dicap, beating Cossack (Tat.), formerly the property of Mr. Frank Tully, after a good race in 2 44. On the following day in the Grand Stand Handicap, Cossack turned thc tables on the mare, winning by half a length. Bally won thc Half-mile Spin and Miners' Purse ; Sportsman the Ladies' Bracelet ; and Cast Ashore the Flying Handicap. At Mr. Clibborn's sale on Saturday lust, the following where among the highest prices rcailscd for thoroughbreds, most of which be- longed to Mr. A. FTSmart :-Warwick, to Mr. W. Gannon, 700 guineas; Archie, Mr. W. A. Long, C50 guineas ; Privateer, Mr. Long, 400 guineas ; Burildah, Mr. S. Wright, 400 guineas ; Sc. Sir Modrcd, winner of the last Metropolitan Stakes, was passed in at 000 guineas. Mr. J. P. Jost has sohl his fine stallion Sportsman to Mr. Massie. An exchange says :-"It seems that Archer can flog horses as well as any other jockey, for he cut up Duke of Richmond most un- mercifully «hen he hadn't the ghost of a chance with St. Gatien. He afterwards bad some disagreement with the owner of the colt, thc Duke of Richmond, and handed in bis cap and jacket. It is said that thc Duke also found a grievance in Archer talking to a bookmaker. Archer replied that he was a married man who had made a home for bia family, and realised an independence, and ii the Duke disapproved of his conduct Archer thought lie could maintain Iii) home. without ifais Grace's patronage." , "Hipparion" writes as follows in the Colonist :-The Gympie Turf Club intend to give away about. £600 to be run for next winter, in addition to cups and bracelets, promised by private persons, the most pro- minent and liberal amongst whom is that staunch supporter of the club and ardent sportsman, Mr. Spitzel, of Mary-street, so that the value to be run for will be over 700 sovs. If the Maryborough club work with a will, there should be no difficulty iu raising os much money ; thc receipts from gates, . booths, stand, subscriptions, and tatalisator cover thc most of the amount given away, whilst an active committee might eusly double thc present number of members. Appended ure the nominations for the j Q.T.C. Derby to bc run at Eagle Farm at the Spring Meeting in November next: Hr. J, Sowerby'* cn uarramltc, by Kaw Cole Lcninul Mr. C. II. Payne's br.f. Constance, by Maryhyrnonir Spinaway Mr. H. Lyons' br.c. Snttrapjby Speculation-Skit Mr. A. V. Cook's br.f. Zenobia, by Knhrrani-linoireni Hr. diaries Baker s cf. Perl, by Mcluoume-PhcBUc Mr. J. Finnic'* e e , br Newbold- Lady Baldwin Hr. J. Finnie'« lir.c., by Newbold-Mabel Mr. .1. Hniilc'a br.f, by Newbold-Sound Mr. T. Ilrayfonl'scb.f., by Excelsior-Echo Mr K. A. Smith's br.f. Florence, by Italian-Euston Mr. J. P. .lost's ch.c, b.y llruiiiiiicr-£m»resg Mr. .1. P. .lust s blk c., liv Tubal Caln-Sca Shell Mr. .1. P. Josi's b.f., hy Epigram-lerne Mr. J. I*. Jost's lir.c. VENO. CRICKET. in» in Í 'ut Bl'Wri e. Alexandra l! ' i" j Rockhampton r, Albert ( 2nd Zingari r. Pittroy After three weeks' spell the usual cricket matches re-commence this afternoon. No doubt after this rest cricket will go on with increased vigour during the remainder of the j season. The trophy mutch to-day will bc between I thc Zingari First Eleven and Eighteen from thc Alexandra Club ; play to start at half Sast two o'clock sharp. Zingari Eleven : . Bartlem, F. K. Brown, A. B. Catt, Dr. Blanchard, A. Davis, H. Dalton, G. B, Jones. J. Lawn, A. Marris, J, VT. Rutter, and J. Stephens. Alexannra Eighteen : F. Crow I (captain), J. Page, G. Gatton, J. Chapple, R. Dickie, D. Morrisey, T. Ayling, W. Power, T. M. Moore, J. Moore, J. Ballow, W. Adams, W. Gatton, C. Cranston, E. Berry, Mitchener, J. Jackson,.A. Wakefield ; | emergencies, Beaton, Richardson! and Poole. Thc Rockhampton Club play fifteen from thc Albert Club this afternoon, commencing at half-post two o'clock. The R.C.C. team arc :-F. W. Smith, S. Milford, H. Boldeman, F. Boldeman, A. Brooks, P. S. Russell, J. Part, W. John, A. Boldeman, T. V. Nobbé, M. Kaine ; emergency, Mathias : umpire, Mr. J. T. Turton. The Albert team has not j been forwarded. Thc following Zingari Second Eleven play I a match this afternoon «gain an eleven from j thc Fitzroy Club :-W. Bowry, F. Cheshire, W. Cliristoc, J. Davis, F. E. Hunt, Harris, A. O. Kitson,]). C. Macpherson, E. Lawn, A. Woodland, and R, Weaver. All the | Fitzroy players are requested to be on the ground in good time, so that thc team may j bc selected. The English Eleven played a two-day match at Sandhurst on the 23rd and 24th December. They occupied the wickets the entire two | days, scoring «76 with the loss of six wickets ! Thc principal scores wera :-Barnes 109, Bates 107, Briggs (not out) 98, Flowers 92, Ulyett 7/i, Attcwcll (not out) 37. Thc usual match between the North and j South Tasmanians resulted in a win for the South by un innings and 44 runB. For the winners, Gutehouso scored 133, tho total of the innings being 363. For Ballarat, Musgrove scored 109 against I thc English Eleven. The match was drawn [ in favour of the local team. The Australantmi gives currency to a'.report that Bonner and Palmer, of the Australian Eleven, arc going to settle down in Sydney and Brisbane respectively. What a struggle then will be among thé Brisbane Clubs to have Palmer's nairne on their lists, A match was played at Carcoar, N.S.W., on New Year's Day between the local team I and an Eleven from Mount M'Douald. The j home eleven scored 254 runs and the visitors 39, in their first iimings. For thc former I J. Fagan went in first and carried his bat | out for 121, having been five hours, at thc wickets. A financially Buccessful cricket inarch was concluded on Monday lost between . Shaw's English Eleven and a Combined Eleven of colonials. As all members of thc Australian Eleven declined to take part in the contest, thc home team was a comparatively, weak one, and did not at all represent the cricketing I strength of the colonies, as agíanos at the | names of the players will show :-Marr, Jones, Pone, Bruce, Trumble, Jarvis, .Morris, Worral, Musgrove, Horan, and Robertson. The Englishmen won the toss, and put I tlie large total of 401 runs . to . their | credit Ticfore they were disposed" of. Briggs was the highest scorer wit)» 12) nuis. Thc Combined team also shaped well, making 279 runs between them, the highest scorers; being Jarvis (82), Horan .(63), and Bruce (41,' not out). Being 122 runB .behind their op- ponents, thc colonials were compelled to " follow on." This time the grand bowling and fielding of the visitors prevented a big score beiug made, but by putting together 126 ruue, they avoided a one innings defeat. The Englishmen got the required runs with- out the loss of a wicket. All things con- sidered the home team acquitted themselves very satisfactorily being hand icappedliy lobing the toss. The want of first-class bowlers was the' weak spot in the Combined Steven, ss 279 rune against the English bowling can only be regarded at an Al performance for any team. It will be satisfactory to all lovers of cricket to know the Victoria Cricket Associa- tion have taken cognisance of the action of the Victorian contingent of the Australian Eleven who declined to take part in the above match, and have invited Blackburn, Bonnor, Boyle, M'Donnell, Palmer, and Scott, to explain personally or by letter why they refused to play. The following pertinent remarks are from the Attntratenitm.-That the members of the fourth Australian Eleven have since their re- turn lost all the good opinion they gained by their splendid play in England -is -patent to any ordinary and impartial observer. On all sides their action as a team has been con- demned in the strongest terms. And now that they act not os a team but as individuals they arc pursuing exactly the same course which called forth the well-merited censure of the press. Mr. Major, the selector of teams, acting for our association, asked each playing member of the recently-disbanded team il he would play in the combined match against thc Englishmen. In each case Mr. Major received a refusal, and so it is to bc placed on record that these men, who have all their time at their disposal, and could easily play, deliberately slight the association und the cricket public of the colony. The public desires to see the bcBt team in Austra- lia meet the Englishmen, but rather thau please the public these men prefer to vent their petty spite by doing all in their power to keep a few pounds out of the pockets of our English professional visitors who make their living by cricket. It is even alleged, on good authority, that not conteut with keeping out of the match themselves, they, or some of them, in the worst possible spirit, have used every endeavour to prevent other Australians from playing, It is much to be regretted that in one or two cases they have been successful, but generally birds of n feather flock together. Our association should show some lmcklxme in this matter, and take notice of theso refusals. If every member of the recent Australian team disappeared from thc country to-morrow, cricket would still flourish in the land. Indeed, according to their action since they came back, it wonld bo a good tiling for Australian cricket if they never played here again. They have done all they can to destroy the good feeling be- tween English and Australian cricketers, and to injure the good name Australia deservedly enjoys for extending kindness and generous welcome to visitors. They have shown no manliness, no courtesy, no spark of kindly feeling whatever to our English friends. I wonder how our men would feel if they were similarly treated in England. What would they thurk if W. G. Grace and the best men of England refused to meet them at Lord's or Kennington Oval ? LoN'ÍJBTOr. 