SPORTING NOTES. Tho Port Augusta raoe meeting passed off successfully last week, although it 18 feared a loss may accrue owing to the absence of the totalizator. Our little friend Brigand was regarded with moat favor for the Hurdloraoe, but a grogginess in the tyre pins, ooupled with the hard ground, prevented him aoting well, and he was easily defeatod by OqUapa< ringa. Sandal aohieved an easy win in the Port Augusta CUP, thanka to having a very moderato Held bohind her. She WAS pulled out later in tho day for tho Shorts and again won, but this timo by a head ouly, In the Amateur Steoploohasa Swordfiah, ridden by Mr. R. Fergusson, misbehaved himsolf by baulking, and consequently Sir Ewen had nu easy win. On tho acoond day Sandal again assorted her superiority by carrying Oat. 7lba. in tho Flinders Haudioap aud traversing tlip distance, oue mile and a half, in 2min, Tho Lawn and Exilo wero next to her, In tho Stooplcohaso SwordOsh again refused, and although MacQrogor got him over Chry salis had established siiofr a long load that f\o failed to overhaul hor a\\)d tho maro sailod homo an easy winner. The unlucky Brigand played tho part of seeuudua twico duriug tho day-in tho Corinthian Handioap, won by Tho Lawn, and again in thoForoed Haudioap, whioh eventuated in favor of Tho Lawn, " Oervus Elaphus" gives the following figures as showing the oost of " yo noble spurt" of hunting in ye Viotorian metropolis i -" The cost of tho Melbourne Hunt Club's establishment is <£l,20C) a year, '^/ho annual subscription for full membership is £15 15s, Horses must be stabled for atleast six months of eaoh year at a oost of about £2 n week, while there are seldom more than 15 runs in a season. Now let us see how these figures comoout-£1,200 divided by 15 (thonumbor of hunting days) leaves for eaoh day a sum of £80. This is what it costs tlip olub colleotivoly, to whiph qiust be added the members' individual exppnses^tho annual subscription, £15 15s.; horses, 20 weeks, £2 a week, making together tho sqm of £07 l$a. There are about 32 hunting members, so that if wo multiply £0J 15a, by that m^ber it will produce nearly #13(} for eaoh hunting; day ; add to this £80, the oogt of theestablish? ment, and you have a grand total of $210, as the expense of eaoh hunting day, and this goes on whether wo hunt or not j thorefqfe, every dfly wp don't hunt adds to the oost of the remaining days," It is stated that tho Ring was hit to the tune of *6450,000 by Melton's Derby viotory. Although sevoral of tho others, notably Xantraillea aud Paradox, wore supported for a heap of monoy, many English metallioians are bbuI to be "asking for tifne. ThoV.R.0, Grand National meeting waa rua off on Saturday last and created a good deal of intercab. The weather waa threaten ing, and tlio attendance, therefore, not ao large as eijpcoted. A Maiden Hurdlerace openpd the jiajl. Fourteen startod, Hippo griff won easily. A good raco for aooond place between Sea Breoxo and Duration ended in favor of the former by a head, Insolvent waa fourth. Seven eontestod the Maidon Steeplechase, and thia waa \y°n by Thp Agent's atftblp oompanion Reticent bjr ten lengths, ijady Aehton and lvulkyno gaining plaoo honors, Next oame the Grand Na tional Hurdle, for which eleven etarted. Sheet Anchor waa a great favorite, but he rau absolutely laat. Appended it a lull description of the raae s ORAND NATIONAL Hl'flDI.KHACu. A handicap BWi-c[j3tat<c8 of 10 aovs, eaan, 4(t,, with 4' 0 added. 'Clio BCCOIIJ horso to rocolvo fiO aovs,, and the thlid '.! i sovu, out of tlio stake, About tUTtje milrs. Mr, (!, II. T, Ilnrt'o ch h Tlio Agent, by 81(Hidew iiuoy. Oym., ildt.'Hh,(Fori/ussoii),, ,, n I Mi. J. 1'. I). Liuitlo'a br g Guardnsh, 0 yra., IQat. ! 81b. (Bcaudinmp) ,,9 Mr. NY. 8, Cox'a b h Cockboat, 6 yra., Oat, (Oox) ., 8 Mr, I. Foulsliam'a b g Huntsman, 6 yra,, list, 81b, (Sinia) ' ,, " 0 Mr. M. Loughllu'a br h Shoot Anchor, 0 yra., lOat. I2)b, (Corrigan) ,, ,, 0 Mr. J- Whitehead's b g Star, aged, ICat, 111b, (Cli>odlo) «, ,, .,0 Mr. 1'. J. Cox'a (fg Student, agod. lOst, 111b, (Cruo) 0 Mr, H, riiiillp'a oh m Tattler, 0 yra, Out. lllb, (Huht) .. 0 Mr. A, M'Donald's b g Omadhaun, 6 yre" Oat, 81b, (Hatty) .. ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, 0 Mr, J. Wnro'a b g Inaolvcnt, 4 yra,, Oat. 21b, (C'roker] ., 0 Hutting | 6 to i against Bbeot Anchor, 4 to) agalnak Agent, 7 to 1 agalnat Huntsman, 8 to 1 agalnat (Wdfljh, lQjp i caoh pplusf OroadhAVn. St»f, mm, Tantaliser was tho quiokest on hia legs at tho start, and led past the stand, followed by The Agent, Studout, Gunrdfish, Huntsman, Omadhaun, and Star, tho reur being brought up by Sheet Anchor. Rounding the turn Huntsman took oommand. At the hurdle at ?the river side Star and Tantaliser came down. Croker, tho rider of the latter, receiving a very heavy fall. Before reaching the bridge Guardtisli dashed to tho front, and as they ran along the back he was ten lengths in front of Huntsman, who was attended by Qmad* baun and Sheet Anohor, tho rear being broughtup by Tattler. No matorialaltoration in the order indioated was ngticoablo until reaching the hurdle at the turn, whore Omad. haun fell, and greatly interfered with Sheet Auehor, who lost several lengths, and dropped baok in tho rear, Passing the stand, Guard rail fully maintained his advantage of ton lengths ovor Huntsman, who was well dear of The Agent, while Tattler and Cockboat, who were going well within themselves, were next, and the favourite, outpaced, last. GuardQsU oontinucd to load along the baok. Wearing tho ahoclfl, Tattler ana Oookboat went in pursuit of the leader, but they soon failed, and rounding tho turn, Tho Agent made effort, and as the strong pace began to toll on GuaTdtish, the ohe3tnut headed him on entering the straight and going at his ease, won by two longtha. Cockboat was third, Tattler fourth, Student fifth, Huntsman next, and Sheut Anohor last. Time, Omin OJboo, Of the fourteen that started in the Grand National Steopleoh&se; only the three placed horses passed the post, the othera meeting with somo mishap or other. Wymlet won rather easily, next to whom oame Sailor, and thon Denmark. Student easily won the Soiling Hurdlerace from Flamborough, Don caster, and three others, and The Ghost beat Plausible by a short lengtU in the Flat' Ilaco, Bohemian gotting third j thirteen othera started. RUSTIOUS, 