J1C1IOffS OF MELBOURNEI (Byr Tu GuosT.) Since Parliament was prorogued last week there has been a lull in the political world. Members of the Assembly who have any business outside their official duties have betaken themselves to it, and the grave, potent, and reverend gentlemen who do duty as our Victorian Peers are busy amongst their flocks and herds. The little flutter of excitement caused by the hopes raised in the breasts of aspiring candidates for the ten new seats which would have been created had not the Council vetoed the project has died out, and things generally in regard to the late session are flat, stale, and unprofitable. Indeed, were it not for the scandal caused by what is generally known as " the ]erferd job," the death of the present Ministry would have been far less note worthy than its birth. But the translation to the Supreme Court Bench of a gentle man whose only qualification for the office is long service as the political legal hack of his party has roused a universal storm of indignation which portends the down fall of the Government as soon as the Legislature is afforded the opportunity of expressing an opinion on this most dis. graceful episode in the otherwise tolerably clean career of the Service-Berry Adminis tration. The so-called "Liberal" organs are laying the blame of the judicial ap pointment entirely at the door of Mr. Service and the Conservative section of the Cabinet, and are desirous of bringing the colony back to the old party lines, which, if not directly obliterated by the Coalition, have been so blurred as to become almost undistinguishable. Pro bably Mr. Berry and the section of the Ministry that follow that gentleman's fortunes would not be averse to a recon struction of the Cabinet on purely "liberal" lines. The Government now in power has lived more than the span allotted to Victo rian Administrations, and office, at any price, is almost a necessity of Mr. Berry's existence. It is on the cards, therefore, that the Attorney-General and the Minis ters of Railways and Mines will before the Houses again meet be replaced by gentle men of more advanced opinions and the present Chief Secretary assume the Pre miership. Any way, it is now pretty generally admitted that the Coalition Ministry has fulfilled the functions which called it into existence, and that it now no longer possesses any raison dl''tre. Although two months will elapse before the elections, randidates are already beginning to woo the constituencies. There is nothing very novel in any of their documents. They all contain the usual number of promises. which are invariably treated pis-crust fashion when the aspirant for legislative honours has attained the object of his ambition and can write the magic letters M.L.A. after his patronymic, flaunt his free railway pass on his watch chain, and draw Ihis monthly chaque for £25 sterling. The" chosen people" are evidently desi rous of being well in evidence in tie next Parliament. The Hebrew element in the Assembly is already well represented, Messrs. Zox, Levien, Fuik, and Harris be longing to the "persuasion"; yet two more candidates professing the old faith are offering themselves. 'IlThe "noes" ap parently will play a prominent part during the next Parliament. If evidence were wanting of the " plen tiful lack" of matter wherewith the un lucky slaves of the lamp are compelled to eke out their daily tale of "copy," it might certainly be found in the fact that ourold, old friend the Bunyip has again made its appearance in public. This time it has selected the neighbourhood of TWilliamstown, in which, according to local authorities, it nightly shows itself "off the Gellibrand Lighthouse" to a favoured few. That some extraordinary sea.monster is about the place there is no denying, for it has been seen by a number of persons of undoubted veracity. A variety of sur suises are indulged in with respect to the creature, some people even opining that it is at seal, on a visit fron one of the isahmde in Bass Straits, come over to see how the reciprocity treaty is progressing. '1The apparently interminable Scots Church embroglio still drags its slow length along. The recent doings of the General Assembly in connection with the so~stylod recalcitrant congregation serve to slhow with what alacrity the average respectable Presbyterian-be he cleric or layman---entrenches himself behind his open Bible, and fires off texts, and with what consistent and high- handed in difference he treats the practical appli cation of the majority of scriptural injunc tions in his dealings with .his fellow men. If closely examined the attitude of the skid orthodox Presbyterian presents matter for sincere tears, or equally sincere laughter, according as it is looked at from a realistic or ideal standpoint, and not dealing with it inthe ideal, mosat people will permit themselves a comfortable little chuckle when the end does come of this storm in a teapot. No sooner does one "strike" end than another begins. The quarrel between the boottaakers and their employers has juast been settled, and now tile wharf, labofrhrs threaten to cease work if their demands for shorter hours and increased pay are not complied with. Hitherto these ill used sons of toil have worked eight and a half hours a day, and received seven shillings and sixpence. The employers now offer pay at the rate of nine and three pence a day, or nine houra'labour. Failing the acceptance of these terms the Mel bourne Shipowners' Association will bring over men from the other colonies, and possessing as they do, in the numerous in tercolonial steaulers, the easy and speedy means of 'carrying out their intention, the wharf labouirers, if wise, will see the necessity 6f giving up the contention. Many a man in the old country works a whole week for the amount per diem at lwhich the Melbourne lumpers turn up their noses. Mr. Dion Boucicault, the actor- author, has been holding up the mirror to Aus tralian nature. Perhaps it is as well we should, attimes, see ourselves as others see us, but the picture drawn of Mlelbourne as estimated by the standard of the play goieg section of the community is the reverse of flattering. "They are not West Eud people, they range between Peckham Rye and Whitechapel l" Think of that, oh ye exclusives of South Yarra and Toorak Then as a sort of compensation for the slmll value set upon the Melbourne public Mr. Boucicault proceeds to appraise his own services. The sum of £.2740 earned clear of all travelling and other expenses in six weeks in Victoria, and an almost equal amount netted in Sydney during the same short timeiMr. Boucicault considers "insufficient to attract 'star' actors to Australia." If an income of nearly twenty-two thousand a year is not deemed suffciently largo, perhaps Mr. Boucicault will favour the world with his idea of what he deems a salary commensu rate with his merits. Charles Kean him self told us he had played in Manchester to a 15s audience, and Macready thought him self during the earlier portion of his career well paid with ".£3 a week and half a clear benefit" during his engagementl By rushing into print Mr. Bouciault has once more illustrated the old saying, No sulor ultra crepidam. December 2G. 