Cape ê>$xmv iïlûnu'ntjf Herald MONDAY, AUGUST 17, 1885. In nearly every respect the review that was held on Saturday was a success. It was expected that it would be the most imposing show of the kind we have had in the colony, and the expectation was realised. Although the weather was the reverse of pleasant - a disagreeable wind having blown during the whole afternoon-the attendance was very large and the crowd was thoroughly representative. The wealthy' classes were there in great numbers ; so were the working people'. Because of the conformation of the ground surrounding the park, thousands who went to see the review did not get even a glimpse of the proceedings. And the forces assembled were so numerous that the park did not afford sufficient room for them to perform more than simple military evolutions. As future reviews are likely to be on at least as extensive a' scale as that of last Saturday, it will be well for the authorities to look out for a place where there will be space for executing military manoeuvres and accommodation for a large crowd of spectators. What are the uses of such a review ? Some will regard it in the light of a pageant, and others as merely a military demonstration without an important object. It may be assumed, however, that the purpose of the Government when it authorised the review was to give an exhibition of the military forces of the colony, and to show what could be done at a comparatively short notice to prepare for effective defence. It will be remembered that one of the grounds of complaint made against the despatch of the Contingent was that the departure left the country practically defenceless. The complaint originated with opponents of the Government ; but the opinion was endorsed by many of their friends, and when, a week or two after the Contingent had left, there arose friction between England and Russia which threatened to result in war, the fear began to glow that we had acted imprudently in sending away the men, and that if we were attacked during their absence we should be unable to make an effective resistance. Mr. DALLEY ridiculed these fears, and in graceful periods assured us that our resources in men were far beyond the demands of our largest needs. But many of ther ATTORNEY GENERAL'S fellow-citizens have the same kind of suspicion of his rhetoric that some of the Englishmen of the last generation had of Archbishop WHATELET'S logic. The ARCHBISHOP, they said, could prove anything.' So has it been said of Mr. DALLEY. If need _ were, he declared, the united colonies could raise a force of 80,000 within a month, and New South Wales alone could raise more than a third of that number. People smiled at Mr. DALLEY'S glowing speculations, and so he went to work to prove the practicability of what he had stated. It may be that the display on Saturday was intended to be a demonstration to the incredulous that we are really independent of the Contingent, and that what Mr. DALLEY had asserted was literally true. It is undeniable that the forces assembled on Saturday were nearly three times as numerous as those that took part in any previous review ; it is also the fact that the majority of them have been enrolled during the last few months, and so for, therefore, the review may be regarded as a proof that the assurances concerning our military capacity had more than on imaginary basis. Assuming that the review was intended as an exhibition of our military s to eng th and an" indication of the resources of the colony, the question to be asked is, What is to be the future of our military position ? There are some who dread the formation of a military force at all. Arguing 'from" some past examples, they contend that such a force would be inconsistent with the position occupied by these colonies, and might become a source of great danger to the community. If we were in the position that the United States were in after their recognition by Great Britain and the Continental Powers, there would be considerable weight in the contention. But our position is widely different We are a part of the British Empire, and we have to accept all the responsibilities involved in the union. One of the disadvantages of the Imperial connection is our liability to attack when England, becomes engaged in a war with any of the Great Powers and if that be admitted, it follows that our duty, when there are signs that the mother-country is likely to go to war with a strong European nation, is to make ample preparation for defending our homes. The logical necessity of this procedure will be acknowledged by most people. But if it is right to have a military force, the proper thing is to have an' efficient one. When the war alarm was sounded several months ago, it found us napping We were acting as if we believed that the din of strife would never be heard on our shores, and if at that time two or three well-armed hostile cruisers had paid us a visit they might have been able to do considerable mischief, not only to the commerce upon the sea, but also to the city of Sydney itself. We were caught napping then ; we woke up in a I fright, and commenced active preparations. But what is the result ? We have enrolled a number of men, and have succeeded in getting up an imposing display ; but are we ready for what may happen if an Anglo-Russian -war should break' out The PREMIER is not hopeful on that subject. Replying to a deputation that waited upon him on Friday, Sir ALEXANDER STUART said :-" Both the Naval Artillery and Naval Brigade he considered to be on a very unsatisfactory footing, and the question had been engaging the serious attention of the Government on various occasions, as to what position they were to be placed in in relation to each other, and in relation to the public at large, so as to secure proper efficiency. He did not wish to say anything against the Naval Brigade as a well-disciplined body, but they were certainly much more a land force than a naval force. They had no naval training. The Government had had the benefit of reports from selected officers from the British Navy, who had made certain suggestions but it was very difficult to find time to carry them out." That is a clear admission that two of the forces are insufficient for the purpose for which they were organised. And, if that be true of the Artillery Corps and the Naval Brigade, it may be presumed that it is also true of the infantry. In fact, there is no doubt that it is true, and the worst of it is that the PREMIER declares that it is difficult for the Government to find time to make the necessary provision for securing efficiency. We are in danger of being deceived by, mere show, and of concluding that because we have 6000 enrolled Volunteers we are ready for all contingencies. But we must not allow ourselves to be deceived. The Parliament should give instant attention to this matter. The three lines of defence are ships, batteries, and infantry and cavalry forces The Imperial Government has charge of the first ; but the time has arrived when the colonies should consider whether it is not their duty to bear part of the cost of that defence. The second and third lines are under' our own control. Artillery and Engineer officers, believed to be possessed of the most recent information in connection with their professions, have been imported to instruct the Artillery Corps, and it may be hoped that their instructions will have the effect of greatly increasing its efficiency. The circumstances require that the whole system of our defence should be reorganised, and nothing should be allowed to interfere with the performance of this duty It was to be expected that the Report of the Royal Commission in Queensland on the Island Labour Traffic would make some stir in England when its contents became known there but it was not to be taken for granted that the subject would be treated in a manner as reckless as it is unfair. The Times published an article upon it in its issue of the 18th June. This was founded upon a letter from a Brisbane correspondent, which did not disclose the whole of the facts, and therefore laid the ground for a certain amount of misunderstanding or misrepresentation. But an article which appeared in the Spectator of the 27th June goes perhaps beyond the Times in that respect The report of the Commission derived its strongest flavour from the narrative of the revolting atrocities of the Hopeful's voyage. The Times exhibits a. sense of justice in noticing the fact that M'NEIL and WILLIAMS, concerned in those atrocities, have recently tried at Brisbane for murder and condemned to death. But the only allusion which the Spectator makes to that fact is that seemingly I " the course pursued by the Hopeful is the only one that can be depended on to bring in labourers, and a state of things in which those who take this course may be tried for their lives is one which, in the opinion of the sugar-planter, subjects an important industry to an irritating and microscopic supervision." It was not for a breach 'of t labour regulations, but for a violation of the ordinary Law, that these men were put upon their trial for murder. "The charge against the sugar-planters is in effect that they object to the law against murder. It is a charge without foundation. The planters are not > responsible for the doings of the Hopeful. So much has been acknowledged by the very Government that has taken the victims from the plantations, and returned them to their island homes, in providing for compensation to the planters who can prove loss, through their removal. The excuse, but not the foundation, for the charge, is that the planters have called the labour regulations of the present Government <"' cast-iron rules," and it is said that, if the regulations cannot be suspended when they are found to interfere with the procuring of labour, " the planters will demand the erection of Northern Queensland into a separate colony, in which the necessities of sugar planting shall have paramount recognition at the hands of the authorities." The Times also attributes the agitation for the separation of Northern Queensland to a desire on the part of the planters to escape flora " the necessary restrictions upon the labour traffic." Are these writers absolutely unaware of the fact-or do they deliberately ignore it-that the planters' grievance was not wholly or even chiefly the rigidity of the resolutions, but was also the refusal of this Government to sanction the coolie immigration for which the preceding Government had prepared the way ? Coolie immigration could not have been carried on upon the theory that liability to trial for murder was liability to an irritating and microscopic supervision of the trade. The planters who wanted to substitute coolies for islanders knew that the Indian Government would not allow its subjects to be engaged without satisfactory guarantees for fair play. The omission of this part of the case goes for to show either that the subject has been imperfectly studied, or that facts which, if stated, would have taken the point of the accusation, have been sacrificed for the sake of the point. Granting that the movement for separation was started in the interest of the sugar plantations, it is not true, as suggested, that the only motive was the removal of effective restrictions from the island labour trade. The Times remarks that a life on the planta- tions is made so intolerable to those unfortunate labourers that their death- rate amounts to 20, 25, or 80 percent, in the year." Yet, in the very same issue, in the letter from Brisbane from which the text had been drawn, appears the statement that " apart from disease, it is a known fact that these islanders, when they learn that they are to be retained in practical -slavery for three years-a period whose actual length has no determinate meaning for them sicken and die. They cannot be roused, and simply give up the ghost from a species of exaggerated nostalgia." "Which, then, is the cause of death ill-treatment, which the phrase " making life intolerable " implies, or nostalgia, which may set in where the most considerate, treatment prevails ? Both journals regard the Hopeful as in some sense a type of the labour vessel. The Times says that the ghastly story revealed at the trial is different rather in degree than in kind from, the ordinary incidents of the traffic." The story of the Hopeful is a story of deliberate and wanton murder. The charge, therefore, is that murder, in some " degree," is incidental to the trade. It is hard to understand this theory of graduation, and to appreciate fully the looseness of land guage that will thus throw overboard the common fairness of reasonable accuracy to make a point. "We have no desire to defend the labour trade. We believe that it is almost impossible to carry it on amidst the actual conditions of Polynesia' without liability to serious abuse. But, in depicting the worst of subjects, one should avoid a superfluity of "black paint, and remember that a caricature is not a true portrait. The Spectator says, "The only remedy that we see is to vest the control of the labour traffic in an authority which shall be wholly independent of local interest or local pressure," and then, assuming that the Home Government could not take up a prerogative . which it has deliberately laid aside, proceeds to say that the true authority should be a federated Australia, and that " the settlement of the black labour question is another of the gains to be looked for from the carrying out of this long-delayed project." Now, it is to be observed that so far as the control of the labour traffic is a control to be exercised at the islands and in the seas beyond the jurisdiction of any colonial Legislature, the prerogative had not been laid , aside by the Home Government-at any rate when this statement was made. By whom is the labour trade now controlled on the New Guinea coast P And again, if by " federated Australia" and this long-delayed project is meant the establishment of the council proposed in the Convention's bill is it not obvious that the Council, without power to raise by taxation or to appropriate a single penny, is less able truly to control the labour traffic than Queensland herself The Council might pass a law ; but so may the Queensland Parliament. The Spectator's complaint is that the Hopeful outrages were committed in spite of Queensland laws and regulations. Why should any law passed by the Council be more efficient The Queensland Government has been strong enough to restore the kidnapped islanders to their homes. The Council could not have paid the cost of conveying them from the plantations to a place of shipment. If the Council could pass a law, not to control but to suppress the trade, so could Queensland. The demand for the labour is in Queensland and the Parliament of that colony could stop the thing at once by extending to kanakas the law it has passed for the exclusion of the Chinese. The Victorian Government has published its correspondence on the New Guinea Protectorate, and some extracts from the com espondence appear in another column. With the points with which they deal our readers are familiar. It will be remembered that, in his memorandum of the 1st of April, General SCRATCII_EV asked for a second £15,000, in the shape of an annual contribution, and for a loan of £20,000 for the setting up of the Protectorate, the first idea being that an annual contribution of £13,000 would meet all requirements. The correspondence which we publish this morning shows that General SCRATCH LEY'S proposal did not meet with the approval of Air. SERVICE and in regard to the proposal, the course that was adopted by the Government of Victoria is the one that was taken by the Governments of Queensland and New South Wales. Had the tactics of the Colonial Office been more liberal, and, we may add, more straighter. and, the probability is that General SCRATCHLEY would have got all that he asked for; but after the interests of the colonies had been so little studied, it was hardly to be wondered at that their liberality was ap- pealed to in vain. The Australian Governments are prepared to subscribe their £15,000 a-year ; but if. General SCRATCHLEY wants more than that, he will have to apply to the Imperial authorities. It is possible that the Conservative Government may succeed where the Liberal Government failed ; but this is hardly likely. Mr. SERVICE seems to think that, instead of paying too little towards the New Guinea Protectorate, we are paying too much. He points out that the management of King William's Land is to cost the German Government nothing. The German section of New Guinea is to be handed over to a trading association, which is to have an Imperial chain ter of protection, and which, in return, is to govern the territory at its own expense. It may be questioned whether what will answer all the purposes of Germany in this respect would have given satisfaction to the Australian colonies. British New Guinea will be safer in the hands of the Government than it would be in those of a trading association. It will, however, be interesting to watch the working of the two systems of government. Within certain limits the Germans' are content to let traders do as they please, while British traders are to move under the eye of an Imperial taskmaster. In other words, the British Government keep the management of their part of the island in their own hands, while the German Government propose to manage theirs by proxy. Both methods are experiments, and both will be known by their fruits. It is not an infrequent occurrence that cases involving points of law of peculiar importance to the commercial community crop up for decision in the District Court. The case of FRASER and others v. KEMP is an illustration of this fact. It appeared by the evidence that the plaintiffs had supplied to one M'ISAACS 10,000 feet of timber, on the faith of an order signed by grace. The order was in these terms :-" 8-11-84. Messrs. FRASER and Co Please let Mr. D. M'ISAACS have 10,000 feet of T. and the. Oregon. RICHARD H. F. KEMP." The timber was delivered to M'ISAACS, and the plaintiffs' books showed that he was debited with the amount due for it (£89 16s. 6d.) > Several accounts for that sum were also sent to McISAAC. The points of law for decision were First, whether the order quoted above amounted to a guarantee by KEMP, , valid under the Statute of Frauds and secondly, whether or not KEMP could be sued under what are known to lawyers as the common counts, as the person primarily liable. His Honor Judge DOWLING reserved his judgment, and, after deliberation, decided both points against the plaintiffs, the first, on the ground that as the document signed by KEMP contained no promise it was not a guarantee within the Statute of Frauds ; the second, because the plaintiff's' books and the ' accounts furnished by them from time to time to M'ISAACS showed that it was to the latter they had always looked for payment in the first instance. We entertain no doubt as to the soundness of the law laid down by the learned JUDGE; and interesting as the purely legal aspect of the question is, you might possibly not have noticed it had not a question of ethics of far greater interest been involved. Good faith in commercial transactions is of such paramount importance that any legal decision tending even in the slightest degree to favour dishonesty' must be looked upon as a public calamity. Not that in the case under notice there was any imputation that the writing signed by KEMP was purposely left in an imperfect condition as a legal guarantee. Nor was it any way hinted that the defendant was a gainer by the transaction which he doubtless unwittingly, assisted in bringing about. But, suppose a case in which there has been such an intention successfully carried out. Surely it is a matter for regret that the law as it exists at present is powerless to give a remedy. There is another point for consideration. Although legally an order is not a guarantee, the meaning that commercial usage of long standing has attached to it is well known. Business transactions of far greater extent are daily carried out on the faith of very similar documents, often indeed without the use of pen and ink at all. Looked at from this standpoint, the present case cannot fail to affect injuriously the interests of commerce. The value of mutual confidence cannot be overrated as factors in building up the national prosperity, 