Mr. Shearston's Anneal. TO TBKSB1TOB OF THE DAILT TELEGRAPH. Sir, — In looking over your issue of the 30th De cember I find a letter from Mr Shearstone, announ cing that several of onr British blnejackets were going to leave the service, and calling the attention of employers to the fact, with a view of getting tbose men employment. I have repeatedly Eeen in the " Daily Telegraph " that encouragement should be given to young men to join onr permanent and volnnteer forces by holding oat the inducement that at the expiration of their servioe with good character they would get the preference of being employed in tbe different government departments. Mr Shearstone I have no donbt knows fnll well that yon have very little chance to get employment in the pnblio service unless yon have influence. Thus that gentleman appeals to private employers. I can give yon the name of many now residing in Sydney who- have done good and faithfnl service, who can pro duce crqoeetionable characters, bnt have no influence, and to use a common phrase, "have oot a ghost of a chance" in any of onr pDblic departments. I will give yon one case to illustrate many tbat I can men tion. I serTed in her Majesty's Royal Engineers for many years. I Eerved through the whole of the Crimean war. I arrived in Sydney some six years ago ; got employment in the permanent way department; was there between four and five yeare. During that time there waB not a mark against me, nor did I absent myself from my work during that time. When a reduction took place in the Government departments some 15 months Bgo, I was one of tbe first to be dismissed (i.e., having no influence), and young men who had not been as many mentbs as I bad been years were retained — i.e., having influence. I can give names if required. I do not wish it to be understood that I am complaining of being discharged, for I am very glad to say I have not been a week out of employ ment eincel landed in Sydney. My object in writing is to Ehow bow yoo are respected and treated after you have given your youngest — and, in many in-- stances, tbe best of your — days for the good of the country.— Yours. Ac.. JAMES WALTER TREYENAB. Alhfield, January 6. 