ANNABEL'S BY DOHA Bv.'TSSEIi. Anthoreas of "Footprrotein the^11?^'' "The Vicar's Governess," "Creeatu.1 Widow," Beneath the Wave," Ac., &c.; Published by special arrangement wttfl authoiesa. AH rights reserved.] Chaptbr XLVHI.—{Continued) " Miss Annabel isn't one of those who like to mourn in public, ma'am," said Bessie in her grim fashion, looking with anything but ap proving eyes on Mrs. Layton's pretty mincing face, " and she doesn't wish any one to see her poor sister." Thus Mrs._ Layton was forced to go away with her curiosity ungratified; but as she was quite a heroine on her own account at the pre sent moment this somewhat consoled her. " Oh! if poor Mrs. Eraser had only listened to me," she would say. " I said, ' Dear, it is not safe, really not safe, to sit in the drag while we cross in the ferry.' Oh! oh!" and so on. It was an occasion on which Mrs. Layton could be, of course, .very gushing—and very gushing she was. Her kind little husband said nothing, but he did almost everything for Colonel Eraser, and without saying a word to his wife, brought Annabel a beautiful basket of white flowers the night before poor Sarah's remains were finally .conveyed from Scarley. I need not tell all about that sad parting. The last glommy carriage that we ride in came to the door, the last kiss that she would ever give her sister on earth was given by the weeping Annabel, and then strangers came and carried Sarah away. Colonel Eraser and Captain Layton followed the hearse in a mourning-coach, and they drove to a station of a line by which they travelled direct to Sallford. There thev were met by the invited funeral guests and the rector, and poor Sarah was laid with due solemnity in the Eraser's family vault. After the ceremony was over some of the guests accompanied Colonel Eraser to Copely, where his mother, who had arrived there the day before, received them with dignified hospitality. Bessie remained with Annabel at Scarley, and it was understood that Colonel Fraser and his mother would go there on the day following that of the funeral, and remain until Annabel was well enough to accompany them back to Copely. All this was arranged by Colonel Eraser. As for Annabel, she felt as if she did not care where she went—as if she never wished to raise her head again. She was ill, broken-down, and miserable. The shock of her sister's frightful death, and her own near and terrible escape had utterly unnerved her, and she lay through the day of poor Sarah's funeral* after the body had been taken away, weary with weeping, and utterly prostrate both in body and mind. The faithful Bessie never left her, and if the truth were known, was, like the colonel, by no means broken-hearted by poor Sarah's death. "If folks deserve love they get it," Bessie remarked dryly to one of the maids as she was making a list of some mourning that they re quired. "Now, if it had been Miss Annabel, 1 shouldn't have been considering whether reps or alpaca would be the best for us." But Sarah had one true mourner, and this was Annabel. They were the children of the same father and mother; they had grown up together, and in spite of Sarah's shortcomings Annabel had loved her sister, and now bitterly and truly regretted her. The doctor came to see her in the evening of the day of the funeral, Colonel Eraser having asked him to do so, knowing what a trying time this must be to poor Annabel, and the kindly naval man persuaded her to rise for a short while when he was there. "You will be all the better for being up, if it is only for half an hour," said the cordial doctor, who was much touched by Annabel's beauty and sorrow. "Come, my dear, make the exertion. We all have to go through these sad hours of trouble, but it is of no use making them worse than they are." Annabel was of a very gentle and yielding disposition naturally, and so, to please the doctor who had been so kind to them all, she allowed Bessie to dress her, and after she had done so Annabel had another short interview with the doctor, who had waited down stairs for the purpose of seeing her, " to try to cheer her up a bit, poor thing," he said to Bessie. In the meanwhile Bessie had received her parcel of reps and alpacas, and had not found the trimmings enclosed exactly to her taste. There was a small shop not very far from the house they were staying in, and as the doctor was with Annabel "to keep her "company," Bessie thought that she might "slip out," as she expressed it, for a quarter of an hour, to see if she could suit herself better. The doctor, however, afraid of fatiguing Annabel, left the house a few minutes after Bessie did, and with the exception of two maids in the kitchen, Annabel was thus entirely alone. She felt very restless and miserable after he was gone, and by-and-bye went to the window and looked out. It was past nine o'clock now, and everything was very quiet and still. The house stood, as I have said, close on the edge of the cliff; only the narrow roadway with the strong railing on one side of it, which literally was erected on the very verge of the rocks, being between it and the sea. It was a beautiful night, balmy and silent, and the moon was shining in long lines of light on the rippling waves and on the great dark rocks that jutted out as far as you could see along the coast. No living creature was visible, and Annabel, with the sick longing for any change that comes over us often in great grief, felt a strange wish to go out, and So wrapping a black shawl over her head she stole quietly down the stairs (so quietly that the maids in the kitchen never heard her) and crossing the narrow roadway leant wearily on the railing and fixed her eyes vaguely and sadly on the sea. Long she leant there, thinking of many things. Her shawl had fallen a little back, and her sweet pure profile was quite visible in the moonlight, when she heard footsteps coming quickly along the walk by the edge ol the cliff. " It is some fisherman," she thought, and she drew her shawl a little closer, but still kept leaning on the railing. The footsteps came nearer to her, came behind her, passed her, and then suddenly stopped. Annabel raised her head a little as they did so, and looked around. A man was standing in the moonlight not three yards dis tant from her; a man who as she turned her face towards him came quickly forward, hold ing out his hands. " Annabel!" he said, "can it be you ?" It was Robert Vere, and as he spoke Annabel recognised him and gave a cry of surprise. " Robert!" she said, "Robert!" and she held out both her trembling hands. Robert Yere was deeply moved. He had seen the account of the accident in the papers, and the whole affection and tenderness that he had felt for Annabel had stirred more deeply within him at the knowledge of her near escape from death and her certain suffering and grief. He had come to Scarley for the purpose of en quiring after her, but had learnt at one of the railway stations that this was the day of her unfortunate sister's funeral, and he had there fore waited till it was dusk before he had ventured to approach the house, and being unacquainted with the neighborhood was ac tually looking for it, when he was startled by seeing in the moonlight what seemed to him like the ghost of Annabel. "Are—are you better?" he said, holding her hands and looking pitifully at her with his grave sweet eyes. Annabel's answer was a quivering sob. "You have heard," she said a moment later. " I suppose you have heard ?" "I saw it in the papers yesterday," answered Robert Vere in his gentle way. "I was at South-hill when I saw it, but I came at once to Scarley, for I wished to hear how you were." "It has been so miserable—oh ! so miserable, Robert," wept Annabel. • "I can understand that. And you—the papers said your head was hurt. Is that so, Annabel ?" "Yes, I have a great cut here," answered Annabel, and she pushed back her fair hair as she spoke, and showed the wound on her white forehead. "My poor girl—oh! my poor girl," said Robert Vere. " It stunned me; I did not know what I was doing, never knew how I was sav»d." "Colonel Fraser saved you, did he not?" aBked Robert gravely. "Yes, it was very good and brave of him, was it not, Robert ?" answered Annabel inno cently. "He has the reputation of being brave," said Robert, and he turned away his head. " Oh, I am sure he is. And you, Robert, you have had grief too ?" "Yes, my poor father." " I saw his death. I—I wondered why you had never come; but I suppose that you were with him ?" Robert Vere turned sharply round and looked at Annabel as she said this. "I could not come," he said, "after my letter." "Your letter," repeated Annabel, "what letter? I have been wondering, too, that you never wrote." "But, Annabel," began Robert, and then he paused. He was agitated, but he feared to agitate her by renewing a painful subject; and yet he felt it was but right that she should hear the truth. "The letter to which no answer ever came," he said, almost in a whisper; " the letter I wrote in town." "But I never got any," answered Annabel, looking at Robert with her truthful eyes, and he gave a glad low cry as she did so. " Thank God!" he said, " thank God!" "I do not understand you, Robert," went on Annabel, still looking at him. "No. Annabel, you have lifted a weight from my heart. I wrote to ask you to bo my wife—to be my wife, if your heart was free to love me—if not " and Robert hesitated. . " I—I never got it," said Annabel. "Then tell me now," said Robert, and he came nearer to her, clasping her hands tighter, which he still held; " tell me now, Annabel, in this hour of trouble, is there any one mora to you than I am ?" "No—no one," answered Annabel, and her head sank low. "But, Robert, don't talk of this now—don't talk of this now;" and he felt her tears fall fast on his hands as she spoke. 1 " No—no, my dear one," he said, as if he weue .^inking; but he put his arms round her and\li ew her to his breast. "I'm .so Slad," he murmured; "so glad and thanklu '' Annabel. • , "When mi. V ? you a£Fn? he asked presently " VV>.len d° you think that it would be right for me to , " I don't know," an. swered Annabel m a low tone. "Youknow, Ko^er^ s"e Wa5 buried to day. They would not let jf0 > they said I was too ill to go. Oh, 3 so. dreadful, Robert—so dreadful! I can't .realise^ it, even yet." And her head fell shuddeiTingly on his shoulder. . "In time it will be softened to yOiJ, said Robert gently. "Don't agitate yourself, Annabel. And is this the place where yoa were hurt?" he went on, smoothing back her hair caressingly. "Let me mend it." And ha stooped down and kissed the wound on her brow. While these words were passing between Robert and Annabel Bessie was hastening back from the little shop in the village to look after her charge. She had not got what she wanted, and was consequently rather in a ruffled state of mind and body, and rapped very sharply when she arrived at the back door of the house on her return. Annabel heard the rap through the house in the clear still air, and started to hear it. "Imust go in, Robert," she said. "That will be Bessie come back, and she would think it strange if she found me here." "Perhaps—and yet I can't bear to part with, you. Annabel, this isn't a dream, child ?—I shan't wake in the morning and find you have flown away somewhere or other again ?" "No, Robert." "As you say, this is no time to talk of such things ; but I may depend on what you have said ?" "Yes—yes, indeed." While this strange betrothal was going on Bessie had hurried upstairs, and to her terror and dismay had found that Annabel was not in her room. " She's gone to poor Miss Sarah's," thought the old woman, hurrying into the apartment that poor Sarah had occupied, which was close to Annabel's. All was desolation here. The moonlight was shining on the trestle where the coffin had stood, and the looking-glass and the furniture were still covered with white draperies, and Bessie set up a perfet wail of despair when she found it was empty. "Where is she?—where is she?" she cried. "Miss Annabel!—Miss Annabel!—where are you?" And she rushed downstairs, hurrying irom one room to the other and screaming at the top of her voice. Annabel heard her nane in Bessie's excited tones outside, and after wringing Robert's hand ran hastily across the road just as Bessia was darting out of the front door to seek her. "Have you been after committing suicide now, Miss Annabel ?" said Bessie, seizing her by the shoulder as she met her on the door step, and giving her a sharp shake in her real agitation and nervousness. "Now, I do call that too bad, to go out and frighten one so." And Bessie sat down on one of the hall chairs really quite pale and fainting. "My poor Bessie, I'm so sorry," said Anna bel. "Where have you been?" gasped Bessie. " Only leaning on the railing just across the road," answered Annabel, feeling very much embarrassed at the question. "Well, Miss Annabel," said Bessie, raising her stiff figure once more erect, for she was one of those who disdain to give way to " faints and such-like ;" " I think you might have told me if you wished to go. It isn't quite manners, giving people such turns, for I made sure you'd been cutting your throat or committing some other destruction." (To be continued.) 