THE FULNESS OF THE TIME. BY THE BEY. CANON LIDDOK, D.D. . "When tho fulness of the time was come, God sen forth His Son, made of a woman."-GAL. iv. 4, ; I invito you to consider the remarkable words ii which St. Paul describes tho great event, the anni- versary of which is now once again olose at hand- the coming of the eternal Son of God in the flesh, inte this our human world. : St. Paul's words leads ns to consider how the oveni was prepared for, and then what it was in itself. "When the fulness of time was oome, God sent forth His Son, made of a woman." "When the fulness of the time was come," This xemarkablo expression, " the furness of time," is with a slight variation elsowhore used by St. Paul. He call the gospel, when writing to the Ephesians, " tho dispensation of tho fulness of times ;" and it is easy ita'see thus much-that in both cases he really means, ty " fulness," that which fulfils or finishes : he meauB .the arrival of a given hour or momont which com- pletes an epoch-the hour which thus makes its ap £ointed measure and brings it to a olose. It was in a ko eenso that our Lord and His apostles used the jword "hour," as marking a particular point in His life, determined in the counsels of God. His mother at Cana of Galilee, He implies, does not know that His hour, the Hour of His self-manifestation, has not aret oome, The woman of Samaria is told that the Jbioor-eometh-it was to date from Pentecost-when .the true worshippers would worship the Father neither iii Mount Gerizim, nor yet in Jerusalem. The Jews are solemnly warned that tho hour is coming, and now ie, when, through Christ's preaching, the dead that is, the morally and spiritually dead-shall hear .tho voice of the Son of God, and they that hear shall Jive. When Christ's brethren, that is to. say, HÍB first cousins, pressed Him to go to Jerusalem for the feast of tabernacles, "My time," He says to them, i'fls not yet come." On the other hand, when Jesus . knew that His hour was como, Ho proceeded to wash His disciples' feet, and when the hour was come he sat i down with the t welve. And when the traitor apostle draws near Him in Gethsemane, " The hour ÍBat hand," He says ; "the Son of man is betrayed .into the hands of sinners." And in all these pas-! '" -Bages."the hour means the point of time of critical importance up to which all that had previously hap Sehed had led-from which all was afterwards to. ate; The passion wa3 especially " the hour" in the .life bf Christ ; the birth of "Christ " the hour" in the .history of the world. It was the fulness of time. \- 'Now our Lord's appearance on tho scone of human 'history corresponds with, this general law so far as thiSj-^-that he comes when a course of preparation, conducted through provious ages, was at last oom 'nlete. The preceding ages prepared His way before Him in tho circumstances, in the convictions, in the 'moral experiences of men ; and thus a preceding period marked in the counsels of G-od had to be run \- '©uti At last its final hour had struck. That hour vwàs the fulness of time : it was the moment of the <*dvent. ' There was a threefold work of preparation for the .Bon of God, carried forward in what was then called !"}he civilised world, and each portion of this prepara ' ¿ion demanded the lapse of a certain period. <¿. ". First, the world had to bo prepared in a oertain . pense politically for His work. In order to spread an . idea or a creed, two instruments are-I will not say strictly necessary, but they are at least very desir- able. Of these, the first is a common language, the language of civilization-a language which shall be a ineans for expressing new thoughts and convictions ¡without subjecting them to misrepresentation or to Injury by the procGsa of translation. The second in '«trument is a common social system, common laws, a 'common government. When onr Lord came, the Greek language, in -which !the New Testament was written, was the common .tongue of the oivilized world, ready to St. Paul's hand for tho missionary work of Christianity ; and, ^during tho half-century which preceded the birth of Christ, the Roman Empire was finally consolidated .into , a great political whole, so that Palestine and Spain-so that North Africa and Southern Germany ?^r-were administered by a single government. : Then there was a preparation in the convictions of .mankind. The heathen nations were not without :£óme religion-a religion which contained in various degrees certain elements of truth, however mingled .with, or overlaid by, extraordinary error. Had it not been for tho element of truth which is to be found in all forms of heathenism, heathenism could not have lasted aa it did. Had there not been much ,truo religious feeling in the ancient world, although it was lavished often upon unworthy and miserable ¡objeots, the great characters with whom we meet in history could not have existed. But the ancient Religions tended from tho first to.bury God, of whose existence the visible world assured them, in that Visible world which witnessed to Him. Those powers of nature which are, as we know, but His ?modes of working-which are but the robe with which He covers Himself-become more and more, when man is without a revelation, objecta of devout veneration. The principle is the same in the fetishism which finds a god in some single natural objeot, and jin the pantheism which, like that of ludia, looks forward to tho absorption of the individual soul into the universal life of nature. The Greeks never Khew, at their best time, of a literally almighty God ; still loss did they know anything of a God of jove; but it was necessary that their incapacity to . ¿etain in their knowledge the little they did know xbout Him should be proved to them by experience. Certainly their great men, such as Plato, tried to spiritualise, in a certain sense, the popular ideas jinout God, but the old religion would not bear his briticism. It went to pieces when it was discussed ; tetoà philosophy, which he wished to take its plaoe, having no faots, that is no religious faots, to appeal jfcö, but consisting only of views, oould never become £ real religion, and so take its place. The conse- quence was tho simultaneous growth of gross super- stition and of blank unbelief-a growth which con- tinued down to the very time of tho incarnation. Never before was the existence of any Supreme Benje so widely denied in oivilised human society as in the age af the first Casara. JíflTeiwetej^ejrft.Bo many magicians, incantations, charms, rites of the most debased and debasing kind, a3 in that age. The most gifted of races had done its best with heathen- ism, and the reBult was that all the hiebest and ?nrest minds loathed the present and looked forward o the future. It was the fairness of the time. The epoch of religious experiments had been closed in an epoch of despair, which was only not altogether hope- less. And there was also a preparation in the moral experience of mankind. There was, at times, much of what we call moral earnestness in the an oient world ; but men were content, aß a rule, with being good citizens, which is by no meanB necessarily the same thing aa being good men. In the eyes of Socrates, for instance, all obligations were dis- charged if a man obeyed the laws of Athens. Plato, St. Augustine said, approached Christianity more nearly than any other, and yet Plato tolerated popular Ticos of the gravest description, and he drew a picture of a model state in which there was to be a community of wives. And the moral teachers whom St. Paul afterwards found at Athens were Epicureans and Stoics. They divided the ancient world between them, practically. The Stoic morality has often been compared with Christianity j it differed from it vitally. Every single virtue was dictated by pride, just as every Epicurean virtue was inspired by tho wish to economise the sources of pleasure. " Now-a-days," Bays a pagan writer, Quintilian, "the greatest vices are concealed under the name of philosophy." And the morality of the masses of men whom the philosophers could not and did not dare to influence was just what might be expected. The dreadful picture of tho pagan world, whioh St. Paul draws at the oloae of the 1st chapter of his Epistle to the Homans, ÍB not a darker picture than that of pagan writers-of moralists like Seneoa, of satirists like Juvenal, of historians like Tacitus ; and yet enough survived of moral truth in the human consoienoe to condemn average pagan prac- tice. Man still had, however obsourely, some parts of the law of God written deep in his heart. Men saw and approved (they said it themselves) the better course, and they followed the worst ; and the natural law was thus to them only a revelation of sin and of weakness. It led them to yearn for a deliverer, although their aspirations were indefinite enough. Still this widespread corruption, this longing for better things, marked the olose of the epooh of moral experiments ; it announoed that the fulness of tho time had come. And in tho Jewish people this threefold prepara- tion, ending in a point ?which might he termed the fulnesB of tho time, is, to Bay tho least, not less observable. Politically the Jews were expecting ohange. They retained the feelings while they had lost the priveleges of a free people. Their aspirations looked to a bet- tor future, though they mistook its character. The sceptre had departed from Judah. Shiloh, they believed, would immediately come. And their purely religious convictions pointed in the same direction. Propheoy had, in the course of ages, completed its picture of a coming deliverer. Boginning with the indefinito promiso of a deliverance, it had gradually narrowed tho fulfilment, first to a particular race, then to a particular nation, then to a particular tribe and a particular family. And the birth, the work, the humiliations, the death, the triumph, of the de- liverer had been described by anticipation. It was four hundred years since tho last prophet had spoken, and during tho interval the nation had been particu- larly active in arranging, comparing, disoussing the great treasures which it had' received from the past ; and there was consequently what the New Testament calls an " expectation of Israel," for which all good men in that age were waiting. God had spoken by tho mouth of his holy prophets, which had boen sinco the world bogan, that Israel would be saved from his enemies, and the hour had oome, and mon wore watohing anxiously every sign that the hour could give. But, above all, the Jews had a moral prepara- tion to go through. God had given thom a law-a law in itself, as Sb. Paul oalls it, " holy aud just and good," but this law itself pronounced a curse on all who did not keep it. Did the Jews keep it ? They had had the experience of centuries.. Had they ever kept it ? Wore they not as far as ever from keeping it in any sense whioh conscience could really sanc- tion ? They had, no doubt, made a largo number of technical extracts from it, and these they could and they did obey mechanically. But the great eternal moral principles whioh it contained, and which wore in its very life-these they did not keep, and they knew it. And the law, therefore, to them was nothing less than a constant revelation of weakness -a revelation of sin. It showed them what in their natural strength they could not do ; it showed thom, like a lantern oarried into a dark ohamber of horrors which had never been lighted up before, what they had done. And thus the law was, in Sb. Paul's eyes, a confidential servant-(it is mistranslated " school- master")-to whom God had entrusted the education of Israel, to bring him to Christ. And this process of bringing him had just reached its completion : tho fulness of the time had come. It had come ; and then " God sent forth his Son." And before we weigh these words let us ask ourselves a question. . # If wo had seen Jesus Christ in his earthly life, and had froely opened our souls without prejudioe to the impression he could have produced upon them, what would that impression have boen P First of all, we" should have observed that he stood in a totally different relation towards moral truth from that of every other man whom we have ever mot. In all other men, even the very best, there is a struggle at some time, in some shape, between God's holy law on the one hand, and the human will on the other. Mor*! law is, in some respeofs, trial to every man, if not in this respeot, yet in that,-if not con- spicuously, yet in private. The greatest men, it has been said, oan not bear close moral inspection : they look better when we see them at a distance. When we come near them we perceive a jar, an inconsist- ency, a weakness, an exaggeration, which had not appeared before. We hear them sio-h, with St. Paul, .'Tho good which I would, I do not, but tho evil which I would not, that' I do." Now to this rule Jesus Christ was the solitary exception. This life, look at it as closely as wo may, breathes sin- lessness, freedom, peace. He never confesses to any sin, however _ slight ; he .never asks for pardon, or for reconciliation with the Father, while we feel that He is alwaps close to tho Father, in whose searching light all sin is made olear to the conscience. And yet there are sins, especially that of proud Belf-rightoouBness, which he rebukes with an unsparing severity. Ho who challenges the world, " which of you oonvinceth me of sin ?" Out of the depths of the sanctity and of the peace which are within Him, He warns, He invites, He commands the hnman beings around Him in language whioh none other has ever used. He bids them oome to Him, learn of Him, follow Him ; and such is the per- fect consistency of His life that we do not-our moral sense does not-resent or complain of this as if it wore in any sonBe unwarrantable. There ÍB that in Him whioh at once justifies it. There is an absolute moral purity, tenderness, robustness, whioh is unique among the sons of men, and for such a being the motivl lm la no yoke at all, Io Him the law can bring no ourse. The law does bnt express His oharacter in human words : Ho is strictly in harmony with it. j Aná not merely is His life thus sinless. It is also and this, perhaps, is more remarkable-it is harmony i with itself. Noone element of excellence in Jesus is presented in such proportions as to overbalance another. In Christ the active and the contemplative are so blended that it is strictly impossible to say that either element predominates. The repose of contemplation on the mountain side or in the upper chamber is indistinguishably combined with ener- getic activity in works of merov, or in opposition to the powers of the world. In Him all is perfectly tranquil, yet all is the product of energetic will. He wills perfectly every act, even the very least ; yet He is never for a moment carried away by impulse, but he ia always master of Himself ,-always acting as if He wero expanding from within the un- changeable harmonies or His being. Again, what ia more familiar to ns than the broad distinction between the character of the man and the character of the woman ? In Him oertainly there was-may I say it with reverence ?-there was the sternest, the most manly heroism which could, when it was neces- sary, defy the world ; but there was also, in its fulness, the gentleness, the tenderness, the devotion of the woman. There was all that wealth of passive virtue which true women contribute to the common life of humanity, In the same way, no one race, no nation, could appropriate Him as representing it par tioularly. Born in Judea, He was no mere Jew ; yet He was not, therefore, of Greek or of Roman mould. He belonged just as little to any sect or any philosophy of the time, though all that was good in each found its place in Him. It would be easy enough to pursue the subject, but I must forbear. He represents ns all, for He is above us all. Not that the many-sided elements of His humanity are so balanced as to present an indefinite and colorless whole. All in Him is vivid, fresh, distinot ; yet all is so varied that uo excellence in our common nature is either exoludod from it or presented one-sidedly in it-in this its type of ideal perfection. And, while we look steadily at this world-embrac- ing power of his humanity, we see-wo can not but see-the higher truth. Who, then, was he, this man of men-this man who stood towards all other mon, by the mere fact of his being, in BO unique, so unap proached a relationship ? What was it that thus lifted Him above tho highest averages of human excellence, and made Him so full of meaning for tho highest interests of the raoe ? St. Paul must answer-there is no other answer that can be given in reason : " G-od Bent forth from Himself His Son, made of a woman." As every human being has a human mother, it might be taken for granted in this case too, unless the Son wore, in Himself-in the root, in the seat of His being-of a higher than human nature, whioh made His having a human mother of itself remarkable. God did not create, but (as the original word means) God sent forth His Son out of, or from being with, Himself ; just as (it is tho same word) He BOU b forth His Spirit out of, or from being with, Himself. And His Son, thus sont forth out of Him into this our world, was, St. Paul says, "made of a woman." That was His link with our race. He had no human father. He was, as we say in tho Creed, "conceived of the Holy Ghost, born of tho virgin Mary." But that link, while it made. Him truly human, truly repre- sentative of the race of man, also left Him what He ie-what Ho could not be-in His eternal person, God's only begotten Son who, though in the form of a servant, was yet Lord of all. It is this mighty truth, the talcing flesh upon Him of the eternal Son, for which on His birthday tho churoh of Christ is again about to offer its groat yearly act of thanksgiving to God. Eighteen cen- turies and a half have passed since it happoned, hut in presence of such an event as that we think little of tho lapse of time, for, as if it were ever present, whenever we say the Litany in church we pray to. Him, our Lord Jesus Christ, " By tho mystery of Thy holy incarnation, by Thy nativity, good Lord, deliver us." What ia it that the incarnation should deliver us from ? It delivers ns, my brethren, from views of the world and of life, lt divides all history into two portions for the Christian-that which precedes, and that which follows it. It divides the haman race into two portions-that which is within tho king- dom of the incarnate Son, and that which is without it. It divides the interests of life, of thought, of work, for a downright genuine Christian, into two portions,-that whioh bears upon and advances God's work of lovo in the incarnation of His Son, and that which does not do so. When a man has once learnt really what it means,-this stupendous event, the incarnation of the eternal Son, up to which all his- tory leads, down from whioh all true human interests worthy of the name will ultimately be found to radiate,-then life, work, the world, death, tho future, wear another aspect. And it delivers us from base and desponding views of this our human nature. Often enough we are weighed down to the very dust by a sense of woak noss, of defilement, of distance from tho source of sanctity and peace ; and yet what must be the worth, what must be the capacities, of these poor human powers when retouched, when regenerated, by God this nature upon which the etornal Son has put such high honor that he has robed himself in it that it might become to us a channel of sanctification and grace. This is the immense reality upon which tho believing Christian falls back in his hours of despon- dency and temptation and danger-the charity of Him who, when Ho was rich in tho glories of eter- nity, for our sakes became poor among the things of time, that we throuerh His novertv.mitrht bs rich. And, above all, if St. Paul himself could be hero, and could repeat the_ great lesson which he taught the Galatians, the incarnation delivers ns from bondage. In every Christian in whom the life of Christ really exists-in whose heart it beats, however intermittently-there is a knowledge that by union with Christ he is free. Ho knows that he is not a slave, but that he is a son. He knows that this j filial freedom is a possession of which nothing with- out him can deprive him, although he may forfeit it himself-a possession of which every prayer, every aot of sacrifice, every true conquest of self, enhances the value. 0, happy festival of Christmas, in which both faith and love have each so glorious a part,-in whioh faith may cry in the words of St. Thomas, not after the resurrection, but at the oradle, " My Lord and my God!"-in whioh love rejoices in tho felt warmth of tho love of God, in the sense, the freedom of recovered sonship, in the determination by God's grace to stand fast in the liberty with which tho in- carnate Christ has made true Christians free I Spoody, Gentle, Safo.-AB a blood purifier, spring medi- cino, aperient, diuretic, or tonic, Cuticura Eesolvent sur- passes all other compounds. Aooording to the doso taken, it acts gently or freely upon the bowels without the least pain or griping sensation. Taken before breakfast it will act in about four honrB, and hence is invaluable for those troubled with sick headache, furred tongue, biliousness, dyspepsia, torpidity of tho liver, constipation, piles, higb j colored urine, inf! am od kidneyB, and other congested condi- tions requiring a Bpoody, goâtle, and safe cathartic, AUTO, , 