A LADY'S LONDON GOSSIP. Monday Night. If our journals had only half the enterprise of the American press, the task of a London letter writer in the silly season would be a light one. Whenever one topic of absorbing interest dies a natural death, Jonathan has another at hand, and should fact fail him the services of the impro visitors are requisitioned. Society do parts ; their happy hunting grounds are gameness, and only faint echoes reach us from dubious sources as to their whereabouts and doings. Gathering together the Various records of the peregrinations of one eminent personage, I found that he had been in two different countries in the one day and hour. Sir Boyle Roche's bird has hitherto been the only biped supposed to be capable of such a feat. But the age improves. The other day President Cleveland, sick to death of State and duty, went off to the woods for utter rest and peace. The ubiquitous reporter searched every Hollow, and. logic, and fell He had not left the punt at a footnote behind him, so they that would find had to search for him well-and they did rich 2 the unrelenting interviewer alone for that He has the instincts of the sleuth hound, and the ghost of a trail suffices It sufficed in the quest for the President I have before me the New York Wed In, an illustrated daily, which boasts a circulation of one million daily, and then is the belated boss of the United States encamped in a clearing, with only two friends, and one or as a faithful domestics, and a faggot fire burning brightly No letters, no tide grams, had reached the mines ly He had cut himself adrift from civilisation, and was at rest But in the distance ap reaches a figure, stepping del cately, with a jaunty air of assured welcome, and just Smith a look of ' boon and gone and done it as Stanley wore when he "Pt and Livingstone " It was the auxiouiluqnir ei from the New York Wot Id The president t lived in The enterprising.; lowest or i aid til it lawsuit being prevalent respecting the President's health, he had been despatched to look him up Fishing and shooting were the pastimes of the p i ty The life in the camp was wild and primitive the extreme Mr Cleveland's attire, was not is picturesque on come tion dr j app op 11 cab that of his com- panion-, ife wore trousers and waist coat of thick d g nal go ids, evidently below again to a worn out dinner suit The trousers needed sowing. His ship it was "a dark blue flannel, and for a cravat he wore a pic- of heavy dark ribbon. His hat of black felt with very broad brim. He dispensed with a coat, even on tile cooler days; and it was noticable that even while at the Prospect House he often walked about in his shirt- sleeves. This is the sort of things the Americans delight in. There is no law against libel in the States, so personalities are indulged in to the heart's content. In the same paper is an amusing account of prominent persons and their pet dogs at certain hotels, These latter are nuisances. They are taken to the table by their masters and mistresses. One, a St. Bernard pup, known as " General Boom," had a chair to himself, and was accustomed to help himself to the contents of any plate brought within reach of his capacious maw. A gentleman had brought back some fifty to sixty brace of snipe and plover, with which the c7ie/had built up a handsome game pie. Invitations were sent out for a dinner for the following day-the pie to be the piece de resistance. Bat in the morning nothing but the dish was found. General Room had elected himself sole guest, and had made the best use of his opportunity. He had exercised unlimited hospitality to himself. An edict of banishment to all the General's species was then issued. A picture of the General is given, in the | act of clearing the pie. However, a wellknown belle arrived, a Mrs. Brown, with two pampered little pet--, Beauty and Tiny. The hotelkeeper relented, and the curled darlings had their place at table. The sketch of Beauty gives an obese pug, of Tiny an attenuated Italian greyhound. Then came a lady with a Yorkshire terrier, who " behaved very well during means," being judiciously kept employed, also a toy terrier known as Sara Bernhardt, who was so named on account of its cleanness. A gentleman appeared on the scene, accompanied by a huge Newfoundland, which, although not admitted to table, made itself generally obnoxious on the floor in which its master had rooms. A. protest was raised, and some guests left. The gentleman took the whole box, and that dog had its day. A row was the consequence, and an edict prohibiting dogs was passed as final. During meals the little beasts are to be seen in the piazza, led up and down by their mistress's maids. A tariff for their maintenance has been issued, twenty-five cents per pound per week for parlour dogs, and ten cents per pound for larger dogs fed in the kitchen. Other praiseworthy dogs at Long Branch are ยก Topsy, an Irish spaniel, the property of Mrs. Williams, an apathetic or rather an asthmatic dog. Topsy goes about coughing from morning till night, and attracts no little attention from its tremendous breathing powers. Muffet, a Yorkshire terrier belonging to Mrs. Walter Appleton, always with its mistress and seated in her lap all day long. Re bins, a ih pound bull pup, is the property of Mr. de Lazare. Pattie, a pug belonging to pretty little Miss Nichols. Every afternoon the ribbon about Pattie's collar is changed to match the color of its mistress's dress. This little dog subsists principally on caramels and roast clams. Maff, a Scotch terrier, the property of Mrs. Roosevelt Schuyler, who accompanies her in all her promenades on the beach. Bossie, a Skye terrier, the pride of the Kiernan family. Senator Kiernan de- lights in sitting in front of his cottage with Bessie on his lap. Tattler, a King Charles spaniel, owned by Mr. J. H. Work and Dude, a Japanese pug, belonging to Miss Beech, a very interesting and highly educated dog. This is not without its value as descriptive of 19th century manners in New York Hotel life. They are queer people are the Americans. They have just raised a monument in Danvers' Cemetery, Mass,, over the remains of a putative witch interred there in 1892, after death by hanging for soil cery. Those were the grand old times when a man hanged his cat on Monday for killing a cat on Sunday. The 2nd Battalion Scots Guards met with an ovation on Saturday on their return from Egypt. The Waterloo station was crowded with gaily dressed ladies and gentlemen, who had gathered there to welcome home, if not the victors, still the gallant defenders of Gordon. There were present on the platform Prince Soltykoff, Colonel Hall, Assistant Adjutant General, Colonel Mouc; off, Scots Guards, Sir Charles MacGregor, Colonel Inigo Jones, Mr. Knollys, Adjutant of the Battalion, who preceded his regiment home by overland route three weeks ago, the Hon. A. Hay, Mr. Menzies, Scots Guards, General Hamley, CB. (Ordnance De- partment;, Mr. W. H. Diss, and many others. The Battalion consisted of 391 soldiers and 22 officers. The men leant out of the windows and friends pressed forward to grasp their hands. They looked browned by the sun, and very lean, but the very embodiment of double, strength, and endurance. They looked, however, careworn. Most of them carried some sort of trophy. Some had parrots, others canaries, and some had agricultural implements and utensils. An officer's servant led a Cyprus donkey with one hand, while his other held a basket of Cyprian ferns, and a rifle was on his shoulder. He was the stoical butt for a running fire of personal remarks, by no means complimentary. All along the route to Wellington Barracks the crowd, which was vast, accom provided them with ringing cheers. There has been so little actual change in dress fashion lately that I have for- borne to fill my space with mere detail of confections, and eccentricities in hats. Now that the tourists are coming home- wards there will be some novelties to en- liven the shop windows. But changes in furniture are regulated by different laws. The influx of Japanese goods set the tide in favour of that country's colouring ornaments, a tide on the ebb now. Manufacturers are of the look-out for something new and picturesque in style. Cairo has suggested wooden lat- trees, and those are gaining favour for all kinds of moral and structural decorations. The pattern of the lattice is formed by transverse lines crossing one another at short intervals and bulging out a little where they meet. Largo folding screens are made in mahogany and then lacquered, and large lean down sideboards and cabinets have insertions of this " Cairene " work in their sides. The work can be bought by the square yard and fastened over a window with an ugly view, and so the air is admitted while the too warm regards of the sun are excluded. A Cairene dining room is very taking. Everything must be strictly in keeping no harlequin additions-no elegant prettiness ; everything must be massive and handsome, if somewhat barbaric in character. In the recesses of the cabinets quaintly shaped vases of a kind of mosaic pattern are seen, and big Moorish plates are fastened on the wall. These are the ornaments the Cairene style admits. Lacquering is much in vogue. Oddly shaped chairs and octagon tables are made of mahogany, and then lacquered either olive green fir bright red. Folding screens are en suite. Scarlet chairs are artistic reliefs in sombre halls. At present the Adam style is in favour. Louis Quinze has had his day. Sheraton furniture has put Cni]i]^idalo in the shade, and shield backed chairs are consequently in demand. Most of the Louis Quinze and Empire furniture is made in mahogany, and then enamelled white, and upholstered with very delicate colours d brocades. Talk- ing of Louis Quine reminds me that there is an attempt to revive the minuet. The Parisians are accountable for this. The passion for old costumes and ancient furniture has suggested the revival of that most elegant and most difficult of rhythmical dances. In the middle of every fancy ball a minuet is danced, and forms an agreeable feature of the evening. Sometimes one couple take the floor above ; sometimes two couples will dance together ; sometimes no less than eight persons dance at once. But in either case the effect is very charming, and no one who has ever watched the stately dance performed by a handsome pair in silk and satin, and the powder and patches of the period, stepping across a polished floor, and backed up by a motley crowd watch- ing them from the other end of the room with attentive faces, will ever forget the picturesqueness of the effect. The minuet which is danced in Paris is the old-fashioned Minuet de la Cour, performed in olden times before the king and court. It was lately danced in London during an excellent amateur rendering of the School for Scandal. The dancers should never be still ; they should be constantly " undulating." The steps are by no means easy, particularly the gentleman's. At one part of the dance they had to leap on to one foot, striking one heel against another as they part, which makes a sound like a pistol-shot. At another time they execute a step which is called the corkscrew, the name of which sufficiently indicates its appearance. It is done by bending one knee very low, and then throwing the balance or. to the other foot and coming up in a kind of twist very much the way a cork is drawn out of a bottle. Fortunately for the dancers, this step only occurs once during the minuet. The ladies have plenty of trouble to learn their steps also, and the long deep curtsies are very difficult to execute. Towards the end of the dance comes a very pretty part, when the couples join hands and go round in the centre of the room, first having walked the entire length of it, with the hand that is to be given extended. These were stately times indeed ; no offering of the hand suddenly, as we do in our square dances, as if it were an afterthought ; the stately couple advance across the entire length of the room with their hands ready to give. This performance is first gone through with the right hand, then with 3 the left, and finally with both hands at a j once. The gentleman joins his hands by the finger-tips upon his breast before ex- ' tending them-a movement which is intended to signify the great affection he has for the lady. When they meet in the centre of the room they join their hands. Then they execute a final bow and curtsey to one another, and to the King ; the dance ended, as it had begun, with a deep reverence. 