THE ZIG ZAG TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. BT LLOTD G. THOHPSOH. FOE nearly nineteen years I have been waiting for some one to write the history of this line; but during al! this time no acoount of its origin, or the manner in which it performed its work, has been published, and, so far as I can learn, no fainteven of its existence has appeared in print. Can it be possible that I was sole proprietor and operator, and my weary messages alone went oreeping over the wires; that its faithful, patient eervioes were tiven to me only ? If so, upon me dearly evolves the task of writing its history. And yet, to own the troth, this task is not an easy one. The Zig Zag was suoh »n anomaly among telegraphs, suoh a btiarre affair altogethtr, that it sets at defiance aU ordinary methods of description. It was "behind the times; it was slow with its messages; it carried them a long way around, and Btopped with them in unexpected plaoes; there was an air of mistiness about it thBt made me sometimes suspeot that it was only_ the ghost of a telegraph—the, phantom, perhaps, of some uncompleted, early invention left an orphan by the death ofjthe inventor. • But stay—I must be more oxplioit. ThiB telegraph was not composed of solid material substance; it did not consist of aotual posts and wires. It was a phenomenon of an exceptional condition of body or mind, a phase of mental aotion in a given direction, a system of exploration in the realmB of memory, a—weU, I will admit it at onoe, a something that I never quite nnderstood; a problem, the solution of whioh I have many times almost reached, but whioh has alwayB duded me by dodging around unexpected corners and disappearing when I thought I had forced it into a cul de sue. I will therefore make publio my experience with this line, and transfer to others the solution of the problem; and, as the oondition of body and mind was doubtless a faotor necessary to the eolution, I will make known this condition by briefly telling a small portion of my life s histoty. On the 6th of March, A.D. 1865, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad Biver, twdve miles from Wilmington, N,C., and stood once more, with bared head and thankful heart, beneath the flag of our country. The emotions awakened by the sight of this emblem of all we held dear, I shall not venture te deeoribe. I should blush to bring the poor tribute of words to the flagsanctified by baptism in the tears of our tenderest and the blood of our bravest. For more than ten months I had been a prisoner at AnderBOnville and Florence. In this article I shall make no attempt to portray the horrors of Andersonville. The evidence under seal furnished by those thirteen thousand graves needs no corroboration by parole testimony. When the storm has passed, the wrecks on the beach are surer rectrds of the force of the tempest than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, and I was conscious that I had fought it well I hBd lost ground daily, it ie true, but I had contested it by foot by foot and inch by inch. My resistance had been steady, unfaltering, systematic. At tbe time I was paroled I wat suffering from sourvy and general debility and had also endured moBt of the minor siok. nesses of the camp; but thus far I had escaped those fearful fevers that had wrecked so many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a strange dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to aet with its acoustomed vigor. Owing to the ravenous appetites of some of the men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who required them; and, al- though the regular daily ration was more than sufficient for me, Hell into the line with the others and drew the extra. This I took to my tent-mate, for Bafe keeping, and again fell in and repeated the process, over and over, as long as the drawing lasted. About this time, too, racking pains assailed me, and I longed inexpressibly for home. Then the vessel came to take us to Annapolis, and we straggled, and pushed, and jostled each olher, in our eagerness to get on board; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to the deck just as the captain annonnoed that he had a load, and could take no more. My recollections of the voyage are confused. I remember being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also rearm and led me Bway. Then we stopped, and and a voioe said," Wash him." And then— blankness. ' How long the blank lasted I do not know, When my consciousness returned I was in a clean bed with white sheetB. A light burned in the room, but I Baw no one. I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I awoke it f was broad day, and a young man,' dressed in I a fresh suit of army blue, was standing by | the bed-Bide. He expressed no surprise BB | his glance met mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so slight an action required. I gazed at the skeleton 1 fingers, and vaguely wondered where I had been while that hand was growing so thin. I said, " What's the matter ? " He said, " You have had the fever. You're all right now. Don't talk." His voice was low and even: it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety; he moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. The hospital surgeon visited me 1 at intervals; he asked me no questions; he merdy looked at me and passed on. I had a ravenous appetite, and, with the regularity of clockwork, a tray was placed before me on which was a cup of tea and a delicate piece of toast crowned with poached egg. As 11 gazed at this dainty repast, 1 thought it a meal fit for a god—that is, for a very small god. After a few days the pyramid on the plate was increased in altitude by the inser-. tion of another slice of toast under the ovarious crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the full- diet table, and soon after the certificate entitling me to a furlough. During all this I period of convalescence I was conscious of I no derangement-of tbe mind's action. My main interest 'in' life centred in the present, I or-reached forward to the future; but still I memories of the past, mostly of hope and 1 early life, oame to me naturally. I had, I however, made no attempt to recall I paBt events, as the admirable system I ol unquestioning treatment practised at St. I Mary's College Green Hospital had sug-1 gested no suoh effort; and it'was only when 1 called upon to answer questions, ait the time 11 applied for a furlough, that I discovered the I singular phase of mental aberration whioh I formB the snbjeot of thie narrative. I have I said that my recovery was rapid; perhaps 11 ought to add that as I threw off tbe fever 11 began to suffer with a difficulty in my feet, I probably sourvy—a difficulty that increased] daily, nctil each foot fdt like an immense I bruise. But as this disease did not trouble me seriondy while I was in the hospital, I did not mention the matter to any one, fearing that to do so would delay my departure for home. This brief portion of personal history is, I believe, all that is necessary to put tbe publio in possession of faots that have any bearing on the problem under discussion. And now I come to the moBt difficult part of my task, the portrayal on paper of this] abnormal aotion of the mind; and in order I successfully to do this, I mast desoribe the 1 normal action in the same direction in suoh a I way that it will be clearly recognised by all, 1 ana yet in such a way as will enable the I reader to comprehend the abnormal. I Hold! I have it 1 I will materialise this aotion ; and if the materialisation lacks an 1 arm, or even a leg to stand on—as is not un-1 usually the oase—if it but serve my purpose before vanishing in thin air, I shall be content. I will represent memory as a network of telegraph wires, the main line connecting ] the mind with the beginning of aonBcious existence,.and side wires connecting thiB line with eaoh event, each inoident, eaoh thought, of past life. When the mind is unimpaired, aid the lines are in perfect working order, information oan be obtained instantly from any of the outlying stations. The question is flashed over the wires, Mid the ' turned, and the combined messages constitute athought. In many instances, however, no peroepttble aotion of the mmd is required, and the mind ie unqnestioning and at Mst and yet, from the various depflts in whioh. our experiences of the past ue messages oome trooping in, and^we caU them mcmorlet. These are phases of ^ action of the intellect and the undisturbed working of the lines. But I am also familiar with many phases of abnormal aotion, and various phases ot wreok in the lines of oomm First, the poor wretch with the we all down behind him, and the past a blank. Second, wherethemain line is outatagiyen point in the past. Baok to this point the communications are perfect and the side lines complete, but heyond-nothingness. Third, where the main line is oomplete and the Bids lines are in order near the farther end, but mostly broken or impaired from childhood to the present. This is a oommon case. The gray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does not reoaU the events of his manhood. Every word of the OTByer his mother taught him is familiar, but he oannot remember a sentence ot the speech that made him famous ten years ago. He does not recognise an acquaintance of yeatsrday, but the faoea ot the friends of his boyhood stand out dear and distinot. I need not particularise further; every one is familiar with the gaps in sections, where the storms ot life have beaten dow« the Bide lines, Bnd with the downfall of individual wires. Neither will it be worth while to oall attention to the slight derangement of a particular wurethat does not respond as promptly as we wish, but leaves our question unanawered, while tne operator at the other terminus apparently takes a short nap, and we soratoh our heads in vexation. My object in writing this article is to describe this well-known Bystem of communication only so far as may he necessary to explain the working of the other line, which no one but myself appears to have used; and as I made use of both, I will designate the former as the Direct line, and the latter as the Zig Zag. The Direct line was always at my service oneway—it would bring messages, but could not be relisd on to carry them; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most oaptious manner; and sometimes it would apparently grow sulky and refuse them altogether. But the patient Zig Zag was not captious; it did not sulk when oalled upon to do the work Refused by. its rival; it went steadily, ploddingly, at its task, and never rested till its work was done. These two lines were distinot in almost every respect, and in order to make the distinction plain I will describe as concisely, as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zag. First,-it never took a despatch straight to its destination, but went zigzagging through the past, making short flights from point to point, and sending baok messages from every station. These messages were dim pictures I of familiar Boenes, that approached slowly and grew plainer until they reaohed a oertam uniform point of distinctness, when they I vanished instantly. Second, thess return messages never contained the information I was seeking, and some of them appeared to have no possible 1 connection with it; and yet I was oonsoious that each of these dissolving views, brought I me nearer the object of my search, Third, no communication came baok over the Zig Zag from the station where it finally ddivered my despatch, but instead theanswer. came flashingover the Direot Line. This was the most perplexing part of the whole trans- aotion; for, although assured that eaoh returning message by the Zig Zag brought me one station nearer the station containing the object sought, I never knew how many still intervened, and the answer by the Direct Line invariably caught me puzzling over the I him and cries, "Boo." Fourth, the number of stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of the intelligence desired. To make this clear, suppose A and B to be stations on the Direot Line—A containing stores deposited ive years and B those deposited six months before; messages to B would sometimes .be carried farther around and stop at more stationB than messages to A. Fifth, to each despatch the return messages came at regular intervals after the first, which took about twioe the time of eaoh of the I others. Sixth, the length of the intervals varied I with the varying despatches; the answers to some coming very dowly, and to pthers quite rapidly. Seventh, sending and receiving^ messages I by this line produoed a certain strain on mind and body that was not felt when using the I Direct Line. I And now, having partially described the 1 working of this line, I will go back to the I time when I discovered it. I had been noti- I fied that a furlough would be given me by applying at a certain office, to whioh I was 1 direoted, and, with visions of home floating 1 before my mind, I walked into the room and stopped at the desk. A grave, stern-looking l officer, with a pen in his hand and a book before him, sat by the table. He looked up I and said: " Your name." I gave it, and 1 then supposed lie would fillout my furlough; but instead he reoorded my name in the book, and then inquired: " What regiment do you belong to ? " Of ooarse I kn«w perfeotly well that the information sought was among my stores, but when I turned to the past with tbe question, "What regiment do I belong to!" I was amazed to find that the Direct Line did not respond. My despatch was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages oame baok : First message by Zig Zag. A bleak field, with a swamp extending from side to Bide near the oentre; the field endosed with a stoek&de;, and crowded with wretehed, dirty, ragged men; outside the dead- line, a long row of skeleton forms, with dead faces turned to the Bky. Second, message by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers charging through an open field,with a forest before them; the line ie broken and jagged, as if it had met a blizzard of lead ; there are empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a blue-and red windrow of dead, Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment of soldiers on dress parade; the soldiers wear blue coats; there are figures on the fronts of their caps. 1 By tne Direot Line, Seventy-sixth New I York. 1 I gave the name of my regiment, and the j offioer dashed it down, and asked, brnequdy: "What opmpanv?" I pnght to haye been prepared for this question, but I was not, My mind was so dazed with the strange workings of the two lines that I thought of nothing else until the question was put, Again I turned to the past, and inquired: •• What company ?" and again the ,Zig Zag took the question, First message by Zig Zag. A met spanned by a bridge; beyond tbe Bridge an arch of evergreens and flags; a throng of men hurrying over the bridge and under the arch; the men are emaciated and half-naked, but their faces glow with joy; I Seoond message hy Zig Zag. A forest. Union soldiers grouped round adead oavalry- Iman; a eergeant with faoe turned toward the group, as if about to give an order; a line of I Confederate troops in front. By the Direot Line, Company F. • I named the oompanyj and the officer jotted t-down, and said: " "Sour captain's name ? " And the Zig Zas t6ok the question. First message by. Zig' Zag. A long line of Union soldiers, with a-group pi officers <in horseback in . bont y the offioers with fieldglaBBes to their eyes; the ground in front descending to a small stream, then ascending to a ridge; .the ridge crowned with a line, of Confederate earth- works and batteries; sharpshooters deployed as skirmishers between the lines. . ' " Second message , hy Zig Zag. A prison pen; a scaffold; si* men with ropes aroand their necks and meal-saoke drawn over their heads; a sea of faoes turned up toward the soaffold. . . . . Third message by Zig Zag. A brigade drawn up in hollow square; -a man kneeling on a coffin, with a fileof soldiers before him; an offioer standing stern and pale, ins. extended right hand holding a white handker- BY the Direot Line, Captain 'Qoddard. The offioer took down the name, and in-; quired, impatiently, " When did you enlist? "I I had noted his growing irritability, and it in| creased my distress. Other patients werl waiting to bi questioned. The fear that mi mind was hopelessly shattered was growinr into certainty. The strain on my mind ad _ body incident to sending and receiving mtfi. sages was intense. My knees shook under me, and great dropa of sweat stood on my forehead; but I turned doggedly to. the past the innnirv •> When did I enlist ? " The Direct Line rejected the message, as it had the others, but the faithful Zig Zag did not desert me; although evidently over-worked, it oame bravely to. the rescue, and took my message. The first response was longer than usual in coming, but it came at last' Message by Zig Zag. A large sheet of water with a river emptying into it; a snug harbor; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand in the centre; the grove and stand oovered with people. At this point the officer repeated the question, "When did you enlist?" The interruption broke the connection on the Zig Zag. The tone of the question demanded an immediate answer of some sort. I made cne desperate effort to foroethe answer from the Direot Line, then I said sadly, " I can't tell." The offioer laid down his pen, and said petulantly, " I can't give you a furlough if you can't tell me when you enlisted." Oh, the agony of that moment 1 I was not to go home after all? Was it not enough that I was shattered in body and mind, but must this very ruin out off my last chance for recovery ? I thought not of the forms of respeot. due from a private to a superior; I felt only the injustice of fate. The instinct of self-preservation asserted itself. The old spirit of resistance that had oarried me through so many trials blazed out afresh for a moment, and I exclaimed passionately:— " Can't you make some allowanoe? Can't you see what a wreok I am? I've been in prison, God knows how long, and I've had the fever, and I oan't think I" The protest began almost fiercely, but it ended in a wail. I broke down utterly, and oried like a ohild. For a moment the silenoe of the room was broken only by sobs; then a gentle voioe said: "I oan make allowanoe; don't distress yourself." Could this be the voice of that stern official ? I glanced at him through my tears, and from that instant I have had a truer understanding of the story of the transfiguration. His faoe was as tender as a woman's. With the utmost gentleness, he assured me that the matter could bearranged, that I must take time, and give the date as nearly as possible. Thus enoouraged, I oommenced again on the Zig Zag, and found the year, and then the month, but not the day. The furlough was granted, however, and, storing the paper safely in my pooket, I took the firsttrain for home. At first I was a good deal troubled about the peculiarities of the Zig Zag, but I soon made a discovery that proved it to be a friend, and also showed that the Direct Line, in refusing some of my messages and taking others, was aoting aooording to law instead of in a spirit of caprioe, as I at first supposed. The work of the Zig Zag was to open communications with the stations on the Direot Line, and it had only to convey one message to eaoh Etation to accomplish this. When the message was received and the answer sent baok by the Direct Line, the connection with that station by the Direot Line was established, and messages flashed back and forth with their former regularity. I have before spbken of the messages that came unbidden; these also opened communication on the Direot Line, and to these two sets of stations my messages went straight. Stimulated by this discovery, I operated the Zig Zag cheerfully, for I knew that eaoh returning message enlarged the area of the reconquered territory. By means of the voluntary messages and the efforts ot the Zig Zag, I was soon in direot communication with most of the stations, and the use of the Zig Zag beoame the exception, At thie time I used to ponder a good deal on the subjeot, and strive to comprehend the working of theBe lines. Qne thing that perplexed mo greatly was the gap between the last message by the Zig Zag and the return message by the Direct Line. On exploring these stations after direct oommunioation had been established, I found that some of the Zig Zag messages approached very nearly the information required; for example, the one in regard to the company. It will be recollected that, in the last picture presented by the Zig Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to give an order. Now, the order really given was: " Company F, into line; but as no inkling of what this order was reached me at the time, by either line, the gap, though apparently small, could not be filled up. At other times, I could not, by the most careful examination, find the least connection between the last message by the Zig Zag and the answer by the Direot Line. This puzzled me, and I imagined that some of the messages by the Zig Zag had misoarried, and had found their way to some unknown deadletter offioe; but I finally beoame satisfied that the gap, in eaoh instance, extended only from the last station on the Zig Zag to the station on the Direot Line containing the information sought. I now give the course of reasoning by winch this condasion was reaobed. Sinoe the messages by the Zig Zag oame at regular intervals after the first, and the firsttook double the time of each of the others, I conoluded that the despatch I sent travelled at exaotly the name rate of speed as the return messages. Thus, if A.B and. O represent stations on the Zig Zag, and D the desired point on the Direot Line, and the interval of time betv®ea massages was we seconds later, or at Jne exact 1 time that my despatch reaohed B; while the message from B would reach me at the same instant that my despatch reaohed 0, and consequently tne message from 0 would reach me at the same time that my despatch reached D, the pomt on the Direct Line; and as the transmission of messages on the Direot Line occupied no appreciable time, this view of the case was sustained by the fact that the answer by the Direot Line always oame to me while I was examining tbe last message by the.Zig Zag.. And now the history of this strange line is finished, at least 8$ far as my knowledge of it extends. I bid fardWeU to the Z.g Zag forever. Ah! but is it forever ? As I sit m twilight and watch the gathering Aadowe, and think of the time in the not distant future when the sjjadows shaUI gathra for toe last time, and pata^tF®'8 « 0U J will long to send the final WSs^-.-Uoya, 1 ask myself,» Shall I not find it es ftin < v 