MENTAL HEALING IN BOSTON, U.S.A. -* (From A Times Correspondent. ) BOSTON. MASS. Mav H. THIS city has become the headquarters of a religio-metapbysica! furore, which within a few months luis infected so many people of all classes in New England that the mental contagion is almost sure to spread beyond American limita. The science of mental healing-nothing that originates in Boston is less than a science or an art-is the ambitious name of the movement which its leaders have assumed. The Press of the country find frequent occasion to make sharp allusions to the ''Boston mind-cure craze, but it is a long time since any local paper has been so indiscreet as to make slurring references to the new pathology. Absurd and idiotic as some of the ideas arc which the prophets of the system advance, the movement has far out- grown the limits of a popular but temporary craze. The " wonderful cures " of the mental healers have been so persistently proclaimed that a large proportion of average Bostonians are willing at least to admit that "there is something in it." Hundreds claim to have been benefited in varying degree by mind cure treatments. Many such become them- selves healers, and thus the new idea has spread. Just now, the religious features of the new departure more promiuently engross public attention, and clergymen of all de nominations arc seriously considering how to deal with what they regard as the most dangerous innovation that has threatened the Christian Church in thia region for many years. Seores of the most valued Church members arc joining the Christian Scientist branch of the metaphysical organization, and it has thus far been impossible to check the defection. It is u movement far-reaching in its influences and including many thousands among its sympathizers whose ordinary good intelligence entitles their judgment to res- pect. A study, therefore, of thc details of thc novel scheme becomes at once interesting and soon fascinating. Herc ts a familiar Boston parlour scene ; two ladies sit a little way apart in Quaker meeting silence for perhaps 20 minutes. The face of one is as hotly flushed as if she had been indulging in violent exercise, physical instead of mental. Thc other, the patient, apparently dozes in her chair. Externally this is all that constitutes a mind-cure treatment, to which hundreds here- abouts arc daily submitting. The funda- mental idea that underlies the system of mental healing is that there is no such thing as sickness. Disease, say the mental healers, is an error of thc iniud, thc result of fear. This startling hypothesis entails some very strange and abBurd conclusions. The leader of one of thc factions, for there arc several in sharp rivalry ono with another, gives these instruc- tions for healing :-" lieason in your mind that God made everything good. He is not thc author of disease. Therefore, as disease is not a creation it has no existence, but it is merely a delusion of thc mind, the effect of fear. Fear is faith inverted and perverted. You are to gain thc confidence of your, patient ; make him tell you thc cause of what he thinks is his disease. But with your clearer mind you see that it is not sickness at all. You attain the power of healing by dwelling mentally upon the truth and wisdom of God, and titus the faith of thc healer meeting thc fear of the patient produces a chemical change in the fluids of the system which results in health." Many invalids are naturally willing to accept this or any other sophistry in explanation of cures if they them- selves are physically benefited. But among the intelligent people in everyday life, who are studying the mind-cure theories and to a greater or less extent are testing them, the ideas of thc teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two have juBt the Bame conception of the "science. One lady believes that to be a consistent healer one must bc a Uuiversslist in religious faith. Annthor insists that the minds of ker patients shall be made entirely free from guile, and accordingly she asks for a full statement of their lives. Many persons who study the system renounce all religious and superstitious ideas in connection with it, but recognise the physical phenomena, which tiley do not attempt to explain, and practice thc art as successfully as any. A lady in Hyde-park, Massachusetts, who takes this position, says she finds herself possessed of a power over many serious ills which she hardly knows how ] to usfe. She says she prays earnestly, and the ailment of the sufferer seems to be trans- ferred to herself. Then ehe U able easily to throw it off. She does not know whether to \ call it mind-cure, faith-cure, or magnetism. Some operators say they use no will-power, but simply keep before their minda an image of perfect health, and let God or the truth work through them. Others exert the will ! intensely to drag out the disease, as it were, by main force. To be consistent, the leading mind-cure theorists have to maintain some very absurd ideas. Poisons, they say, would be harmless if the fear of them were removed. Children, they explain, are affected because of uncon- scious hereditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eddy, leader of the Christian Scientist divi- sion of mental healers, claims that her hus- band, who died three or four years ago, was murdered by an enemy among the Scientists who " thought arsenic into him." Some of these queer enthusiasts maintain that mental influence does not recognise distance, and that, therefore, the presence of the patient nuder treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde-park lady has an intimate friend in Sacramento, California, who a few months ago was given up by physicians to die of inflammatory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at 3 o'clock, Boston time, on certain days thc invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment of her friend in Hyde-park. It is claimed that improvement was immediate, and that within a month the patient was able to visit San Francisco with her husband. Another lady in treating absent patients puts a doll in a chair UDon which to fix her mind in lieu of the sick person. Most of the mental healers profess contempt for the laws of hygiene. They bid their patients eat what they please ana uct as they please. Mrs. Eddy, however, makes the provi-.o that they must be of strong faith th it what tiley cat and do will not harm them. So much for means and methods. When the inquirer attempts to investigate the actual accomplishments under the new pathology he encounters a vast array of witnesses and testi- mony. But after attempting to sift the evi- dence it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisive verdict. It would bc uBeless to deny that, under the influence of the mind cure practitioners, beneficent and bi some oases remarkable results are attained, lt is not surprising that they are able to " cure " hypochondriacs, whose illa exist only in imagination, and it is easy to understand that their peculiar influence ls more potent than that of medicine in coses of certain disorders of mental and nervoua origin. . But. when ' »jot» marvellous eurea are «{aimed the averagi ! sceptic (alis back on Dr. Peabody's assertion that a physician's success depends upon th< degree in which he possesses the confidence ol his patient. Complete harmony of mind and confidence in any remedial agency is a mon potent factor in any ease than most people, even medical practitioners, generally recog- nise. This fact is the real secret of the mind cure craze, and with a foundation so sub- stantial ic is, after all, hardly wonderful that so vsBt and fantastic a structure has been erected. Investigation of any of the miníeles which it is claimed are wrought is unsatisfac- tory. Although cases are cited by the hundred of alleged cures of paralysis, cancer, tumour, consumption, rheumatism, scarlet fever, spinal complaint, nervous disorders, and minor complaints, there appears to have been na genuine, scientific test of the system. There is testimony in abundance, radical, positive, and undoubtedly honest, from people who claim to have been cured by the new agency of organic disease of long standing ; but investigation developes so many weak or incredible points that close analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its results. Illustra- tions might be detailed by the score, but a single well-authenticated case will suffice. A prominent dentist of this city fell and severely injured his knee. He Bent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limo and diagnosed a fracture, saying that he could plainly detect thc grating of the broken edges of the bone against each other. The patient was properly treated, and was advised to reconcile himself to several weeks' confinement. But, yielding to the impor tunities of his wife, he allowed her to call in a mind-cure practitioner. He treated thc injured man according to the tenets of thc new school and tried to persuade him that he was not really hurt. Finally, he induced him to get up and walk, which he did, nt first with difficulty but soon with comparative ease. The dentist walked into thc office of the surgeon who first attended him thc next morning, and the doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This case is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental healing over old- fashioned methods. The old-school surgeon, of course, simply acknow- ledges that he made a mistaken diagnosis, and says the gentleman sustained only a strain of the knee-joint. Until recently thc popular excitement on the subject had toot been utilised for fraudu- lent purposes by " scalawags " and pro- fessional imposters. A large majority of the mind-cure converts have been women. If they have been themselves benefited, or think they have, they begin to study the art and become practitioners, None of this class have sought to fill their purses by practising thc new method. Most of them have treated their friends gratuitously, as described above, or have given their time to strangers for some trifling recompense. There have been in- stances, however, within a few months of gross swindling of the credulous hy profes- sional quacks, who find it profitable just now to put on tho mind-cure mantle. A case in poiut occurred recently. Au ignorant hut smooth-tougucd rascal who is getting rich upon the mind-cure craze was called to treat the wife of a wealthy gentleman. She was suffering from cancer, and thc disciple of mental healing guaranteed that he would cure her. Presently the patient died. But the mind-cure man persuaded the husband that he had succeeded in partially curing thc cancerous trouble when death supervened, caused by consumption. Ac- cordingly, a bill for ?4,000 was sent in, and tho husband finally paid ?3,<)00 rather than suffer the embarrassment of a law suit. For several weeks past, as stated at the outset, thc religious revolution involved in the new departure bas overshadowed thc considera- tion of the physical phenomena in thc public mind. The theological innovations arc con- fined to the creed of the Christian Scientists, who constitute the largest division of the miud-cure host. They make thc priuciplca of a new theology indispensable in their theories of mental bealing. They arc lcd by Mrs. Eddy, who is thc high priestess of the whole movement. She claims to bc the founder of the science, though rivals deny it, and her account of the divine origin of thc faith is worth mentioning. In 180(1, according to her story, she fell accidentally upon the side walk ami suffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a few hours. Her pastor called to sec her just before the end was apparently at hand and offered her consolation. She begged bim to return in thc afternoon, but no one believed she would then bc living. By revelation from heaven at that time (Sod's actual relation towards ber and to thu human race was made clear, and she realized that her hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by thc truth, would dis- appear. By the light of her new knowledge, she brought herself by mental process into a proper attitude towards Jehovah, and when thc clergyman called a few hours later, ex- pecting to comfort a bereaved family, she met him at the door. Ever since, Mrs. Eddy says, she has had thc power of healing others as she was herself healed. Thc creed which she has formulated as thc basis of her system is a peculiar theological mixture. But, as Pro- fessor Stacy Fowler said in a recent paper on the subject, "if they heal, people wi 1 not stop at a question of theology. If they heal they will carry the day and they ought to." Hence it is that Hawthorne-hall, where the Christian Scientists worship, is thronged for an hour before the time of service each Sunday. So eager are people to hear thai after the standing room is all taken people crowd around outside the doors, where they can catch only an occasional word or two. The service consists of ordinary devotional exercises preceding a sermon by Mrs. Eddy. But the creed she teaches is so blindly anc illogically presented, is so full of apparent inconsistencies, that it would be au im possible task to describe it even in out line, " God is an infinite mind ; mattel is notldng. Personality is the etnbodi ment of mind. Forgiveness of sit means destruction of sin -these arc frag mentary ideas gained by listening to one o Mrs. Eddy's rambling talks. Thc Kev. A. J Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergy man, who has studied the booka of tin Christian Scientists thoroughly and talkci with all the leaders, pronounces their creed i mixture of Pantheism and Buddhism. Th< delusion, he says, is most insidious. Thc larg, uso of the Bible, the strenuous demand fu holiness and self-abnegation iu the disciples the results apparently effected in the ministry to thc sick-these are very powerful cou eiderations for attracting converts. And s< hundreds of young ladies especially ar drawn into the system under the imprcsgioi that they arc (jetting some finer quality o Christianity. Dr. Gordon predicts that tin is not the final isBUe. If the body ÍB only i Chantom and the flesh only a shadow, by um y some very practical sinners will take reiuç under the system, and insist that the sins o the body and thc transgressions of thc flcsl are harmless, since they arc only thc phnntiw of a phantom and the shadow of a shadow Dr. Gordon regards the whole system as ; sort of witches' cauldron, in wlik every conceivable heathen and ChrUtia: heresy is seething and simmering- t produce the subtle essence called "militai medicine." On the other hand, the Kev O. P. Gifford, another Baptist clergyman i equal standing, and several other prominen ministers defend the Christian Scientists nu endorse much of their philosophy, while ai nutting that much more of it is uniutelliiiil'l' But the clergy as a whole now regard til subject with grave apprehension, and on » sides they are discussing the situation wit great earnestness. They hardly know ho to deal with the danger, for the sincerity < all infected with the new faith is undouht* and any policy of opposition or denunciate serves only to increase their ardour. Scor< of applications have been made to evangelic churches of the Baptist, Methodist, Congr Rational, and Episcopalian denominations fi letters of dismissal that thc applicants mi join the Christian Scientists' church. £ such applications have been refused, but tl oonverts to the new idea, nevertheless, wo .hi* with those of the nsw creed, T B public discussion Of tbe new theology wai i begun a few weekatigo by the Rev. Joseph ) Cook, upon lits Monday lectureship platform. [ He endorsed the views of Dr. Gordon, and I denounced the Christian Scientists un > sparingly. Since then the subject has been , discussed from week to week at one or more of the conferences of ministers of the various denominations. The persons who are most affected by the ; craze, except the actual converts, are the phy I sicians ; but from them least is publicly i heard. Perhaps the beat antidote, after hav iug spent some time in canvassing the views of the mental healers and in discussing the theological side of the subject, is to call upon some good old- fashioned physician, who has been adding years to men's lives for haifa i century. " Doctor," a veteran practitioner was asked recently, " why don't you take in your sign now that these mind-cure people i have shown that no one need be sick unless he has a mind to?" "Don't make fun of fools, young man," thc reply came, " it only strengthens them in their folly. When {iconic ask mc if there is anything in mental ?ealing, I say yes, of course there is. Every physician knows that when a patient's mind or imagination is in sympathy with him, thc work of curing is in many cases half done. In dealing with mental and nervous diseases, one object aimed at is to secure absolute peace ol mind on the part of the patient. Then nature will work her own cure. Sometimes it ii necessary to administer a few bread pills or a few drops of coloured water to induce ful! confidence. But it is useless to argue witt people who try to show that there is no sick ness and that poisons won't kill. The craw might as well run its course." 