Remarkable Visitants. The writer was sittinga few weeks ago in the office of the Hotel Martin, Lancaster, Ohio, conversing 'with an old resident of that city on various topics relating to the past history of the place, when he inquired — ' Did you ever hear the story of Jacob Humbarger, the haunted coffin-maker? ' ' Never. Is is out of the ordinary ? ' ' Yes. It is a curious story, and I hesitate about telling it for fear people will think I am trying to humbug them with a ghost story.' ' I'll accept it as the gospel.'! As I have already remarked, it is a strange story, and had the effect of making me believe in supernatural mani festations—you will, no doubt, call it superstition. I was a well-grown boy when the things occurred which I am about to relate, and they made such a vivid impression on my mind that they are as. fresh in my recollection as they were over a half century ago. ' Jacob /Humbarger was of Pennsylvania Dutch stock and came here from Lancaster, Pennsylvania, three- quarters of a century ago. When I first knew him this city was a village -with. Ins than, a thousand population. He was a cabinetmaker, and made the rough and substantial furni ture In vogue among the pioneers whose sons have since been Congressmen, Governors, Senators, Cabinet Ministers, and Generals. . ' He was frugal and industrious, and left some property behind him. In addition to making furniture he made, when occasion demanded it, coffins for tile people of all this region. There were no hearses and splendid undertaking establishments in those days. The dead were placed in plain home-made coffins and carried to the little graveyards in farm waggons, «r by hand when tho distance was not too great, except in rare instances, when there was a little more show and ostentation, and an old-fashioned carriage was used in place of the modern hearse. ' People would come from a distance to Humbarger's shop with, the dimensions of a coffin, and wait until it was finished, and then take it home in a waggon or on horse back, as the case might be. . ' One night, or rather one morning, an hour or two before daylight, Humbarger arose, and leaving his wife in bed proceeded to his ehop, and lighting a tallow candle set to work. When Mrs. Humbarger awoke at the usual hour she was surprised to hear Jacob hammering away in his shop, and supposing that he had some job that must be finished early in the day set about preparing breakfast and when the meal was ready she called her husband. ' ' « Vail Chacob, vy for you go to vork so gwick flie day ?' inquired Frau Humbarger. ' ' Vy, Katherine, did you not hear dot man who comes of der coffin by 3 o'clock ? ' ' ' Nein, nein, Chacob, you make foolish of me.* ' 'I not make foolish, Katherine; dot man come of 3 o'clock on der door an' Bay I must has dot coffin of 10 o'clock, and he gif me the measure on dot vork bench, und I go of vork raid hof him now half mate.' ' Kat.herine was : incredulous and Jacob was firm in his asseverations. . Certain it was that he had the coffin well under weigh, and by 10 o'clock it was finished, and Jacob was waiting for hie customer while he smoked a pipe. ' Between' 10 and 11 o'clock a- gentleman appeared at the fchop door, and Humbarger greeted him with — ' ' Ypu vas a ketle lade, my frent.' ' ' Not very late, considering that I have ridden from near Somerset since half-past 7.' ' ' Vy for did you go back home after you vake me up?'' ' * I didn't. 1 have just got to town.' ' ' But you come of mine door last nide und called me oud of mine bed to make dis coffin,' ' ' Oh, no, my friend, but it looks as though it would suit my purpose. Let me measure it.' ' The stranger measured it, and it was just the size of ft coffin he had been sent to procure, and he asked Hunibar ger if he could have it to take back immediately. ' ' Dot was your coffin, anyway, since you order him und leaf der measure,' promptly responded Mr. Humbarger. ' The price of the eoffin wasagreed upon, it was paid for, and the fanner took it away in his waggon. Jacob related the circumstance to his wife, who said mischievously — ' ' I told you, Chacob,not no one yoke you upof der nide. You have been haunted.' ' Humbarger, however, insisted thathehadbeen called out of his house during the night, and that he had readily re cognised the man who subsequently got the coffin and pre tended that he had not ordered it. ' Of course the story soon circulated throughout the village, and the gossips added to it. A month later Humbarger had another nocturnal visit, and a child's coffin was ordered, to be finished in the afternoon. Later in the day a farmer, living a few miles west of the town, called on Humbarger to secure his services, one of his children having died. ' ' Oh, yes ; I know dot. You come of der nide und told me, and mark de size on dis vork bench.' ' The fanner protested otherwise, but as the coffin was of the exact measurement desired he took it home. Then Mr. Humbarger began to have an indefinable fear that he was haunted. ' The thing was of regular recurrence, and almost every one who came to Humbarger for a coffin found it all ready made to order. The villagers began to fear the coffin-maker, and the coffin-maker avoided the villagers as much as pos sible. The women and children, and not a few of the men, believed he was in league with Satan, and he suffered a great deal iii his trade. ' To those of his neighbours with whom he conversed on this subject — and among them was my father— he 'said that the orders were delivered in the night by persons whom he immediately recognised when they called for coffins, and then where they were ordered he found the exact dimensions in chalk marks on his work bench the next morning. His wife no longer chaffed him on the subject of his ghostly orders. ' One morning he said to his wife that a coffin had been ordered during the night, but that the man had concealed his face, and he feared that he would not recognise him. He proceeded, however, to make the coffin in accordance with the measurement on his work bench and at last finished it to his satisfaction. . 'I was on pleasant terms with Uncle Jake, as we called him, and happened to be in the shop just as he was finish ing it. ' ' Dot man vas somepody who will be buried mit dis coffin,' he remarked. - I not see who it was dat order him, but I know it vas for some big man or somepody, so I make him of der.finest wild cherry and line him of silk und satin. ... Yy, my poy, I would not be ashamed to be buried of that coffin mmeself.' ? ? ' A sudden pallor overspread Humbarger'a face, he stretched out his hands, and fell dead across the coffin he had just finished. 'He was buried in it, and the story of Jacob Humbarger was more than a nine-days' wonder here in Lancaster 54 years ago.' The writer was fain to acknowledge that the story of Jacob Humbarger largely discounted the general run of ghost stories. — Philadelphia News. 