THE PRETTIEST WOMAN m WARSAW. CHAPTER XXXIV. BY MABEL COLLINS. uthor of "An Innocent Sinner," "The Story of Helena Modjeska," "la the Flower of Her Youth," 4c., 4c. Zadwiga did not leave her room for a week after this, and no one saw her but old Karol, the maid who waited on her, and Anuca, who came as Miralda's messenger to make enquiries after her health. At the end of this time, she appeared one evening at the dinner-table, looking like a most beautiful pale ghost. Miralda was alone, and very glad to have a companion again. " I cannot imagine what has become of Den.etri," Ehe said as they sat down to table, " it is ir.ost extraordinary the way he went off that ni^ht. I believe your sister offended him." Looking up, she met Zidwiga's eyes fixed on her ; they were dilated, and had in them an expression which Miralda could not fathom. Receiving no answer, she went on talking. "1 do really," she said ; " it was after they had been dancing the mazurka together that he went away. And I hear that they had been talking very earnestly downstairs together in the hall. It is extremely odd. He did not have his horses out—he took no clothes ; he must have walked away through the forest in that white silk coat. Demetri is the most unaccountable creature alive, but I have never known him do quite such an odd thine before. He is not fond of walking; he has gone away sometimes, in one of h<s tempers, without a word to me, but not without his horses." Zadwiga still leaned back in her chair, gazins at the old Princess as if fascinated. " Upon my word," said Miralda, presently, " he might be murdered in the forest tor his diamonds." Zadwiga uttered a smothered, inarticulate cry. "Oh, I don't suppose he is," said Miralda, " he can take care of himself. Drink some wine; you are very nervous. And you are eating nothing." Karol, contrary to his usual custom, had followed Zadwiga into the dining-room, and was quietly waiting at table. He poured her out a glass of wine and handed it to her; as she took it she looked up _ and met his eyes full of some meaning. Quickly she put tne wine to her lips and drained it off. But her plate went awav untouched; Karol removed it unobserved agairf and again. He thus prevented Miralda's noticing her total inability to eat. The dinner over, Zadwiga confessed herself tired out, and excused herself from going with Miralda to the salon. "To-morrow," she said, with a ghostly smile, " I shall be better, and I will come and sing to you." When she went away to the library, and as soon as she had left her hostess, her head dropped till it hung on her neck like a flower held by a broken stalk, and her hands fell loose at her sides. At the library door she begin to shiver, and she stopped inside the threshold. Karol was at her side. What am I to do f she said faintly. "What am I to say?" "Say nothing," he answered, "then no harm can happen. You are tired out; let me help you to your room, my little ma'amselle.'' She leaned on him as she crossed the library, and seemed to need his help, for she was shivering violently. The next morning Anuca came early to her room •nith a message from the Princess. It was to ask her if she felt well enough to drive with her to Prince Sacha's chateau. " Yes," said Zadwiga, after a moment's hesitation, " 1 shall be glad to go. How soon are we to start ?" " Almost immediately, as it is a long drive there and back. I will go and tell my mistress you are going with her. She will be pleased; she does not like driving alone." Zadwiga, when she was dressed, opened the door into her little sitting-room, purposing to kneel for a moment before the lamp which continually burned in front of St. Joseph's tiny altar. Karol was there, waiting for her, as it seemed. " I am very glad you are going, my little ma'amselle, the air will do you good." • " Yes, Karol, I hope it will. And I am thankful to get out of this place for a whole day!" " You know where you are going?" " What do you mean ?" " To ask whether Prince Demetri has been heard of—I thought perhaps I had better tell yon." " Oh, I cannot go!" exclaimed Zadwiga, catching at the lace round her throat and trying to loosen it. "You must go," said Karol, very positively, " but be prepared to hear everything discussed over and over again. Tne old Princess sent servants to Demetri's own place two days ago; they came back last night [saying that all enquiries have been made, and nothing has been heard of him. She has sent to friends of his in Jassy, but be is not there. She told Anuca she would have thought he had driven away with some of the gueBts, but he disappeared long before any one left! Besides, the servants would have noticed him, He can't have gone by train to Paris in that costume. So she is going to search everywhere for news of him. Are you brave enough to go with her?" " Karol," said Zadwiga, clinging to him as he stood by her chair, " tell me what I ought to do—tell me my duty '." "Go with her—brave it all—and say nothing! Bemember, this will not last for ever. Your husband will come for you; he will take you to another country; all this will be left behind you and be for ever forgotten. But you must be brave now 1" "J will," said Zadwiga rising. "Thank you for reminding me of him. For him— for Arthur's sake—I will brave anything," "But be careful; do not let yourself ;o for a moment or yield to your agitation, am in mortal dread when you are away from me." " Do not fear, my dear old Karol. Out of the house—away from this place—I shall be strong." She opened the door which led into the library and made an attempt to cross the room quickly. But her courage suddenly forsook her, or her strength; _ she fell crouching and shivering into a chair. " Is this your courage that you talk of V cried Karol, almost roughly. He had run to her and by sheer force he lifted her from the chair. * - * 1 - 1 "Don't stay here!" he exclaimed, "Go Out into the air—into the sunshine!" He led her across the library, through the corridor, and into the hall. The shivering passed away as quickly as it had come; but when Miralda came downstairs and wished her good morning she remarked that she looked exceedingly pale. "The drive will do you good," she said, looking keenly into Zadwiga^ face. It was a very lovely drive, one which at another time would have filled Zadwiga with delight. But to-dav she seemed unable to appreciate it. She lay back in the carriage and let the air fan her white cheeks into some semblance of colour. Miralda appeared to be buried in thought. Quite suddenly, after they had remained for a very long time in silence, she spoke. " Tell me," she said, " honestly; do you know anything of my nephew's disappearance, or its cause ?" "I!" said Zadwiga, and then seemed nnable to utter another syllable. _ But with a great effort she succeeded in adding, "How should I know anything?" " He admires you," said Miralda, thoughtfully, with her eyes on Zadwiga's face, "more, I believe, than he admires your sister. And you have been so changed since that night. Did you have no quarrel with him?" C3<r-J« " None !" exclaimed Zadwiga vehemently; and suddenly the blood rushed to her cheeks and brow. But only for a minute; it soon retired, leaving her perfectly white again. "What has so changed you, then?" said Miralda, thinking aloud with the coolness of a vivisector of human hearts. " Your sister's absence does not seem to me a sufficient cause. You were not white and nervous like this when she was in London; and, after all, New York is only ten days further. I don't understand it. What does it mean V " Nothing, madame, 1 am not well, that is all." S39 Perhaps so," said Miralda, changing her ground. " Well, Demetri is a more foolish fellow than I thought him, if because of a quarrel with any woman he would walk away through the country in that dress, with those diamonds on him. His fortune was sewn on to his coat. It is very mysterious." And she relapsed into silence, to Zadwiga's intense relief. Prince Sacha's was a very handsome chateau with beautiful and well kept grounds around it. The Chateau Roman had especial advantages which distinguished^ it; the situation in which it stood was particularly good, and its architecture admirable. Prince Sacha's was a much more ordinary Roumanian chateau, but yet it exhibited every si^n ot being well cared for and of prosperity. Evidently there was a home here, well loved, and an estate well cultivated. It looked very friendly to Zadwipa's eyes, and she felt a sudden passionate wish that she might stay here instead of going back to the Chateau Roman, which she had learned to dislike. Prince Racha was summoned from the grounds where he was looking after the gardeners. There was no one but himself to receive them, as his daughter was at the convent where she was being educated. He entertained them in his most courtly manner: but Zadwiga saw that he was struck by her altered appearance, although he would say nothing. She sat silent and apprehensive in his salon while Miralda told him what had brought them there. " Demetri hardly ever comes here, and certainly takes no trouble to tell me what he is doing," said Prince Sacba; " this is not a likely place to look for news of him." " But listen to me," said Miralda. " When you hear how he went away you will not wonder that I go everywhere to try and hear something. A man cannot go far in a court dress of white silk, blazing with diamonds." " He did not change his dress !" exclaimed Sacba. '•Never even went to his room," said Miralda. " His servant saw nothing of him after he dressed for the ball. The ordinary clothes he had with him are all in his room Btill; and wherever Demetri went that fancy dress of his went also. '* That is strange," said Sacba, " very strange." He had been looking at Zadwiga while Miralda spoke ; he dropped his eyes now cut of sheer mercy or courtesy, not because hiB curiosity was gratified. He could not understand why she should flinch under his eyes like a creature in pain, or why she should grow a shade whiter at every sentence Miralda uttered. He was absent, absorbed, during the rest of their visit. Miralda could tell him little else that interested him—nothing that interested him so much as the extraordinary expression of Zadwiga's face. What could it mean? He came to the same conclusion as Miralda; Zadwiga must have had some serious quarrel w ith Demetri, and now that he had so mysteriously disappeared lacked the courage to confeEs herself as the cause. Before Miralda left she drew him aside for a moment. " I have seen you watching her," she said ; " she knows something." " Yes, she knows something," said Sacha ; but I doubt if she knows much. Probably Demetri made love to her more hotly than she liked, and she resented it. Those girls are very proud. You told me once before that he left the house suddenly after some scene with her." '* True," said Miralda, " but he took his horses; and he was not dressed in white silk. There is something mysterious about it, cousin. I only hope no harm has come to t.le poor fellow. " Oh, no," said Sacha, cheerfully,_ " Demetri could always take care of himself. He is laughing in his sleeve at the perplexity he is causing us all, you may be sure. He must have gone home with one of the early guests ; he could borrow clothes, if he went off with one of his friends. If he had a scene with Ma'amselle Zadwiga, and lost his temper, he might go outside the chateau till some one was driving away. The idea of yonr perplexity would iust please him. You know Demetri is a very odd character." " Aii, but I think I understand him," said Miralda, "I do not think him odd; and I don't believe he would do such an absurd thing just because of a quarrel with a coldblooded little actress. She is sly; she has a secret. I will watch her, and if it is to be found out I will have it." " Have you no charm, no mode of divination learned from your friends the gipsies," said Sacha, smiling under his moustache, " which would tell you where Demetri is ?" Miralda looked at him very earnestly, quite indifferent to his mocking smiie. "That is a good idea," she said. '"It is a very difficult spell to use: but I will try it. Yes, I will try it. I have some powerful herbs from the Carpathian mountains ; I will try it." " That will give her some innocent occupation," thought Sacha, smiling still, as he watched her, " and will perhaps prevent her playing the inquisitor too cruelly over this poor girl. If you hear anything fresh," he said aloud, " send over to me. 1 will also make enquiries and let you know what I hear. ±5ut I am sure there is no cause for anxiety. I daresay Demetri will walk_ in some day soon and scold you for not keeping his horses exercised." CHAPTER XXXV. That night Karol was startled by hearing an unfamiliar footstep in the vestibule of the library. He listened intently for a moment, and then went to see who was wandering there so late. There was no visible sign of any visitor to the library. " I might have thought it was a ghost," said the old man to himself, " but no; it was not that. It was a woman's step." He heard nothing more, however, until the next night, when the same sound fell on his ear. This made him uneasy. Who had taken to walking like a ghost at night ? It was Miralda who, fired by a new idea, passed all the dark hours in her private writing-room. Karol would have enjoyed it if he could have seen her at her midnight occupation, for he always called her an old witcL She looked like one, indeed, alone in this room of hers, stealthily moving about, or sitting in silence for long periods watching what she had set in motion. She had brought out from her secret cupboard things which had lain in peace there for years. On her writing-table stood a silver spirit-lamp, burning with a steady and brilliant flame. Within the silver bowl, which the clear flame dulled and tarnished with its heat, she steeped her most precious herbs, and produced mysterious Jesuits, of which the purposes were known only to herself and the gipsies from whom she had learned the art. It pleased her to brood over her_ witches' cauldron; it brought back the fancied sense of unlimited power which had been the greatest charm of life to her. On a certain night, when the spell was ready for completion, she would have to light a fire upon her hearth; to spill the liquor which she had composed upon the heated stone. and while the vapour rose to thrust into the fire a living dove. And she believed that if her work was done rightly Demetri would at that moment enter the house and come to the room in which she s. If he was dead his spirit would appear to her. And odd as it may seem, this was the part of the ordeal which she dreaded. Worldly, world-worn, shrewd, and cruel, yet she was intensely superstitious. Her blood grew chill at the thought that perhaps some ill-chance might have come to Demetri, and instead of his living form at her door, his ghost might rise upon her hearth! But still she was courageous, and determieed to persevere. Night after night she stole softly down, when all the house was at rest, and admitted herself to her room of All her papers, her letters, her most precious possessions were here, though none of the servants, not even Anuca, knew where they were kept. There was a deep secret cupboard in the wall of the room, shut in by a slender partition which closed by a spring. The inside of this was fitted with shelves and drawers; and here Miralda kept old love letters, secrets of State, Ministerial instructions, herbs from the Carpathian mountains, and many charms and strange things. It was like a little druggist's shop at one side—bottles and phials were ranged in admirable order. They contained a choice collection of poisons, some narcotics, and other drugs which Miralda credited with more marvellous properties. This secret store-room was separated from the library by another slight partitipn opened by" a spring which was within it. Miralda had had this arrangement made long ago, when she was in possession of important papers. If danger threatened her, she had this private mode of escape, and could snatch up her secrets and get away through the library. More than once she had left the house at nieht, through the windows of the library, no one but nerself knowing why she did so. The thin doorway of her cupboard was covered, on the library side, by an enormous hanging of tapestry ; and none, even of the servants, suspected its existence. There were no guests in the chateau now, and Zadwiga very seldom came into the salon after dinner. So that Miralda had little to interest her but the working of her spells; and each night she put away her half-finished altar cloth a little earlier in order to go down to her room. It was always very quiet and still there. She supposed Zadwiga went early to bed. She succeeded in eluding Karol's vigilance, for she always stole down in the dark, slipping from shadow to shadow like an uneasy spirit. One night when she had crept softly into the cupboard of her room, she was arrested by hearing a sound. She remained perfectly still, and listened. It was a sound ot bitter sobbing. "Hush, hush," said a voice, very low, " dear little Ma'amselle, let me help you to your room." " I cannot, cannot Karol! Sometimes I think I can never cross this room azain. It seems to burn my feet! O, Karol, I shall not be able to bear this long." " Be courageous. Come, rise, and go to your room." "Karol," said Zadwiga, "do you think I might ask Miralda to let me change our rooms ?" " Ah!" cried Karol in a tone of despair. " Would you rouse her suspicions ! Sign your death warrant at once." Zadwiga's answer was to break out into a sobbing which was terrible—not passionate, but sad and helpless, like the sobbing of a terrified child. They had spoken in the lowest tones, but Miralda had quickly put her ear to the partition. And they were very near it, for Zadwiea had fallen on her knees just inside the library door. Presently a sort of spasm seemed to take away Zadwiga's very breath, and she stopped sobbing. Miralda remained motionless, listening intently. She began to think Zadwiga must have fainted, when she heard her speak again, In a very low, and trembling voice. •'Karol," she said, "I don't believe in ghosts—but I tell you I never enter here without seeing him again, with the blood on his white coat. Oh, it was an awful sight! Karol, it will drive me mad, at last!" " Little lady," said Karol anxiously, " renaember in this house the walls have ears. have an idea some one is watching us. ! I hear a sound sometimes at night—afootstep " Perhaps it is his !" whispered Zadwiga, in a tone of intense excitement, " the murdered never lie still, they say. O, Karol, what will become of me ! The eobbing came back again, with a sound in it that showed nearly all her strength was goi.e. Kaiol, alarmed at the state she was n- v, resolutely stooped and lifted her up She hid her face on his shoulder and ;u him. In this way he succeeded in gittn. r r to her room. Miralda did not li^ht her spirit lamp that night. She v< nt away through the corridor before Ko,i ..i came back ; and when she reached her cv. i, -yartments, sat down to think. CHAPTER XXXVI. From that moment Miralda began to watch Zadwiga ceaselessly; she let her experiments and charms stand unheeded, while her active mind revolved around the fresh suggestion which accident had offered her. She suddenly evinccd an anxiety for Zadwiga's health. She found also that she saw too little of her charming visitor, that she desired more of her society. Miralda was clever enough in this kind of thing; she made it all appear the most natural and kindly sympathy of a hostess. She told Zadwiga that she had been so immersed in j ; some affairs of her own, and so perplexed about Demetri's disappearance, that she had neglected her too much of late. Zadwiga was a little touched by the sudden kindliness, and responded to it as best she might. All the while Miralda observed her with the keenness of a professional detective. She saw that Zadwiga had become thinner, that she had lost all her lovely bloom and was pale; that dark rings had beguu to appear beneath her beautiful eyes. She saw also that Zadwiga was unable to eat, and that she tried to conceal the fact instead of simply allowing that she was not welL But Miralda saw what was more interesting to her than all the rest—that the mention of Demetri's name sent a thrill, or a shock of some kind, through all Zadwiga's frame; and that if Karol were in the room when that name was spoken he immediately approached his mistress and seemed to watcn ner. At the end of three days Miralda had made up her mind. She sent a servant over to .Tassy on horseback. It was in the evening. Zadwiga had gone to her room imnediately after dinner, and Miralda was alone in the salon when the messenger came riding back post-hasEe, his horse covered with foam. He was followed by three men on horseback. Zadwiga was in her little sitting-room, kneeling before the shrine of St, Joseph, her whole soul absorbed in prayer, when Karol gently opened the door. Zadwiga did not move; at last he ventured to speak. " Ma'amselle," he said, " the old Princess wants to speak with you, here in the library. She is coming immediately; and I can't tell why, but I am uneasy. She has some strangers with her," Zadwiga started to her feet, and turned her white face towards him. At that moment they heard the heavy door of the library vestibule swing and shut; and steps, as of several persons approached the library. The door of Zadwiga's own room was open ; she gazed through it at the opposite door as if some vague dread oppressed her. " Be brave, my little lady," said old Karol, " go forward ana meet them. Don't let the old witch see that look on your face !" Mechanically Zadwiga stepped out from her room into the library and approached the large table on which stood the lamp. As she came within its strong light the library door opened and a man entered the room, wearing an official dress; he was immediately followed by two gens d'armes. All Zadwiga's nerve and courage appeared to desert her at this sight. She uttered a cry like that of a creature who sees the executioner at hand. " Karol! she exclaimed, throwing out her arms, while her eyes remained fixed on the officers of the law, " 1 am lost—I am lose ! They are upon me !" She fell on her knees as the last words eseaped her, and her hands were upon the great library table. She clung to it with a strange action, as if she were endeavouring to hold it in its place, Karol rushed to her side. " My dear little lady !" he exclaimed, in an undertone of intense excitement, "you are mistaken—you are not lost—there is nothing known against you." At that moment the Princess Miralda appeared in the doorway of the library and fixed her eyes on Zadwiga. "You are right, Karol," said Zadwiga, " yet I am lost. I have ruined myself by my own words." From this moment Zadwiga lost any distinct consciousness of what happened. She did not faint, and when she was told by the magistrate to rise she did so without assistance. But the words he spoke to her appeared to be spoken a great distance off, ana she only understood what he said some time after ne had said it. Thus it happened that she found herself in her little bedroom alone, without at cnce knowing what it meant. She heard the key turned in the lock of the door, and she listened to the retreating footsteps and voices. _ Then she seemed to grasp what the magistrate had done. He had placed her confinement, here in her own room, on suspicion of murder. She remembered, slowly, that Miralda had interceded for her, and requested that she should not be taken away to the prison at Jassy, but be kept under guard in the chateau. Still it seemed to Zadwiga that she only understood the superficial meaning of these words—that she had not grasped the fact which they expressed! Her attention was taken up by some sounds which she heard ; sounds which were new, yet continued without cessation. They were footsteps, regular as the tick of a clock; and a clinking. What could these noises mean? A long, long time she sat on her bed and listened. Suddenly her mind appeared to awake within her—to recover from the shock which she had experienced. She knew then that these unusual sounds were simply the tramp of the gens d'armes who guarded her; one in the library, one outside the high windows of her room. The next morning the investigating magistrate returned and commenced his work in earnest. He brought with him his clerk, whose business it was to record the investigation ; and he began his work of questioning and examining all the inmates of the chateau. The greater number of the servants had but little to say. They all gave the same account of the mysterious manner in which Demetri disappeared on the occasion of the masked ball, and denied entirely having seen him outside the house or wan- dering about it from the time he had left the hall where he had been seen with one of the Polish sisters. Anuca had more remarks to make. She held the theory that Demetri was alive and enjoying himself well enough, perhaps in Paris, perhaps at the chateau of one of his friends. She did not attempt to offer any motive for such an unexplained disappearance on his part, but said, reasonably enough, that his condu<!t was always so wild and irresponsible that it was unnecessary to try and think what the motive might be. But when she was asked how he could have entered the carriage of any of his friends without being seen by some one of the servants—or how he could have walked through the forest wearing white satin covered with diamonds—then Anuca had_ no suggestion to make. Moreover, by this time numbers of the guests of that night had called upon Miralda ; surely, if Demetri had driven away to visit a friend she would have heard of it, Anuca knew this and waa silent. But she took occasion to observe at the close of her examination that she believed Ma'mselle Milovitch was absolutely innocent. BUSSS After the house servants had been i examined the magistrate had the men from out of doors, who had all been summoned to the chateau that he might question them. If Demetri had really walked away from the house through the forest, one of the foresters must surely have caught sight of such a conspicuous figure. If, instead, the prince had wandered about the grounds until one of his friends was leaving, it was inevitable but that a gardener or stable servant should have observed him. The magistrate was determined to lose no chance of discovering whether Demetri went away from the chateau that night or no. Consequently he devoted much tune and patience to the examination of these gardeners and hunters. Before he had questioned more than half of them the day was over, and the remainder had to be left until the morrow. All this time Zadwiga lay on her bed, in her white wrapper, listening with fear for an approaching footstep. Food was brought to her by one of the serving-women, and the gens d'arme save that she quickly left the room without having time to talk to the prisoner who lay trembling within it, A hundred times Z idwiga wondered where her faithful Karol could be ; and at last she came to the conclusion that be too must be in confinement. Night came, and no one had been near her. Only the Etamp of the gens d'armes continued utside her room. She knew they had been elieved ; her ear, sensitive with fear, told er that the footsteps had changed their haracter. The next morning, the second of the investigation, the magistrate went on persistently questioning the various servants of the gardens and forests; but he elicited nothing. Not one of them had seen Demetri or any figure resembling his, either in his ancy dress or any other costume. The magistrate went to the room oc?upied by Demetri, which had not been used since his disappearance. Demetri's servant said that all Demetri's oi ordinary clothing which he had brought with him to the chateau was still in that room. He had not changed his dress evidently. And the servants said that he wore on that satin coat all his jewels. It seemed incredible that a man should walk through the rough unfrequented ways of the forest, unseen even by the hunters, in such a dress as this! , The magistrate's own idea was that Demetri had been murdered for the jewels, and that his body lay burie d in the forest. ' He did not, so far, think Miralda right in ' suspecting Zadwiga. The wild words she i uttered on his appearance be attributed to the sudden alarm. But he said nothing of this. He proceeded in his work, and at last came to old Karol. He went alone with his clerk into the old servant's room. Karol had fallen into a heavy despondency, locked in solitude, and without any means of hearing news of his mistress, llut the moment the magistrateentered the room he shook this off, and a look of watchful anxiety settled on his face. The magistrate noticed this, and he immediately guessed that it would be no easy matter to find out what Karol knew. This idea proved correct. If Karol knew anything at all he very successfully concealed his knowledge. He, like the other servants, bad seen Demetri in the hall with the Princess Wanda. She was masked, but he knew which of the sisters it was, Ma'mselle Zadwiga being then in her own room. From that time, he said, he never saw Demetri again. He heard no sounds ot an unusual character, he saw nothing to excite suspicion of any strange occurrence. He had shuttered the library himself, and when Ma'mselle Zadwiga went to her own room he put out the lamp, and himself retired to rest. All was safe and quiet. The magistrate could obtain nothing further from him than this; and vet, when at last he rose reluctantly to leave him he did so with a secret conviction that Karol knew something which he was determined not to reveal. From Karol he went to the library. Here he found Anuca, who was apparently busied in dusting the books that lay on the table. The magistrate asked her to summon Zadwiga to him. This was what Anuca desired; for she had always liked Zadwiga, and she wished to soften the stern edges of justice to her a little. She returned alone, in a few moments. " She is hardly fit to rise," she said to the magistrate, " bnt she is coming." The clerk took his place at the table and spread out his papers ; the magistrate occupied himself during the brief delay in looking round the room. His attention was presently attracted by a slight sound; it came from Zadwiga's door. She had opened it, and was coming out slowly and with trembling steps. She looked like a ghost straying in the daylight. The moment her eyes fell upon the officials her strength appeared to desert her entirely, and she sank into a chair which stood very near her door. She looked so lovely even with the pallor on her face and the great dark circles which had formed around her eyes that she must have excited the magistrate's interest and compassion, had it not been that her appearance and conduct instantly led him to the conclusion that she was guilty. He commenced to question her with this conviction in his mind. But Zadwiga adhered to one story— similar to that told by Karol. When she left the bal masqu£ she went to her own room and remained there, hearing nothing of what went on in the house. The last she had seen of Demetri waB when he was with her sister in the supper-room. No cleverness of the examiner could shake her faithfulness to thiB account. She garnished it in no way, seeming to have too little strength to speak many words at once. Baffled and annoyed the magistrate at last ordered her back to her room. " I shall continue her examination to-morrow," he said to his clerk. To himself he observed, " I am confident she is not telling the truth." 