" F UBLIBRID DAILT FRIDAY, JULY 17, 1885. A CORRESPONDENT signing himself "Pastoral" recently drew attention in our columns to the increasing provalanco of aiieepatealing, and the necessity for the :adoption of s?~dime more effeottial Ieasuires to grapple with that crime. 'The subject is one on which we have frequently ex pressed our opinion. We agree with many of the views-put forward by our corres pondent. Sheopstealing has boon-in the northern part of the island at all events -carried on as a trade for some years past, and the perpetrators have defied detection. Occasionally an offender is arrested and convicted, but the abstrac tion of a unit does not affect the organised .system, and the illicit traffic goes on steadily. So long as sheopstealing is a profitable undertaking, so long parties will be found ready to engage in it and take the risks of detection and punish mont. When it ceases to be profitable it will cease to be carried on systeluatically. The question is how can it best be ren dered unprofitable for the sheopetealors 1 One method is a standing offer of such substantial rewards for conviction as shall act as a stimulus to policemen and shep herds to act as detectives, and an induce ment to accomplices to "peach" on the real offenders. This method would doubtless produce beneficial results, but is certainly open to the objection that it leads to cases being trumped up for the sake of the reward. Another method is that suggested by our correspondout, that special stock detectives should be ap pointed, to be paid out of a fund raised by a tax of, say, a farthing per head on every sheep in the island subsidised to an equal amount by Parliament. Tasmania's carrying capacity of sheep in 1880 was 1,800,000; at one farthing per head is £1875, Government supposed subsidy £1875, gives £3750, which would allow of twelve detectives for the whole island at, say, £200 a year, and leave a balance of £1350 for working expenses. If the sheepowners'are willing to tax themselves in this way, for their own protection and benefit, as they did to secure the eradica tion of scab, there certainly can be no objection offered. Whore any sections of the community are disposed to help themselves it is the duty of the Govern ment to lend them every assistance and encouragement. The pastoral interest is a most important one to the colony, and it is undeniable that for years past the crime of eheepatealing has become an evil beyond the powers of our present police force to cope with or eradicate. It is therefore necessary some more efficient and united system of repression should be adopted, but without legislation the sheepowners are powerless, and, moreover, too disunited by local interests to devise or carry out such a scheme as is required. It would not be a difficult matter, however, to test the question as to whether they are prepared to combine and submit to a slight tax for a few years, to initiate and carry out some such scheme as that sug gested by our correspondent "Pastoral." There are plenty of representatives of the pastoral interest in Parliament, and to gain their end in this matter there will be no need to use the "struggling farmer" as a stalking horse. If the sheep owners are in earnest they can very soon induce Ministers to test the feeling of Parliament and the country by the introduction of a bill for the appointment of special stock inspectors to act as a prevention against eheepatealing, the necessary funds being raised by a levy on sheepowners through out the island. Parliament opens next week, and we commend the suggestion to the consideration of our legislators. Oua London telegrams state it is currently rumoured the Pacific Mail Steamship Company intend to discontinue their line of steamers in the Australian trade in consequence of the aboli tion of the subsidy hitherto paid by certain of the colonies-New Zealand and New South Wales The last contract, which expired at the close of 1883, was made by the colonies named with the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and Messrs. Jno. Elder, of Glasgow, and M'Gregor, of Leith, for carriage of mails from London to Auck land and Sydney, the steamers of the Pacific Company only running between San Francisco and Australia. At the expiration of the contract the New South Wales Government declined to again agree to a subsidy (£72,000 a year being formerly paid in all), and when New Zealand started a direct line of steamers to London the value to her of the Cali fornian route was not sufiient to main tain single handed. The average time for delivery of the mails by this route was about 39 or 40 days between London and Auckland, but it would appear some of the parties to the con tract are prepared to materially diminish this time if they can thereby secure a continuance of the subsidy. Mr. Dion Boucicault, the veteran actor, who has but recently arrived in Victoria from England, states that Mr. Pearce, on behalf of Messrs. Elder and Co., has sent to the New Zealand Government an offer to place the steamers Alaska and Arizona, which are recognised as two of the fastest in the Atlantic trade, on the line between San Francisco and Auckland and Sydney. By means of those steamers, Mr. Pearce undertakes to do the service from London to Sydney in twenty-eight days, and from London to Auckland in twenty-seven days. If these hopes are realised, the San Francisco service will be the first to effect the feat of brisging Aus tralia within one month of the old country. Such a project would fifty years ago, aye and even 20 years back, have been laughed at as the dream of a madman. But in this ninetoeenth ceo. tury science is annihilating time and space. The first locomotive is 1814 only travelled six miles an hour, now seventy miles can be safely run. The first steamer that crossed the Atlantic in 1819 took 26 days, now the trip is accomplished within seven days. There are residents still alive in Tasmania who can recall the time when a passage from England meant five and six months spent at sea, and the rising generation can remember when a passage of 70 to 80. days from London to MIelbourne was cos sidered a great feat. For some years (past the Peninsular and Oriental and the Orient lines of improved sato -. shipl have shortened the journey to about five weeks, and now an offer is made to bring those colonies within a month's journey of the mother country. What wonders will another quarter of a century, produce ! THE INWARD ENOLIBII MAILS.-From thaelocal Tclegraph-ofice ?r-oicarnthat the R.M.S. Paramattoa with the inward Eng lish mails, via Brindisi up to Juno 12, passed Albany at 8'45 a.m. yesterday; inward bound. She should reach Adelaide on Monday, and Melbourne on Wednes day. The Tasmanian portion of the niails will therefore leave Melbourne on Thurs day in the e.s. Flinders, and may be expected to arrive here on Friday next. NARRno EucAPE Fr-os DRowwIN.--A little girl named Reeves, about two years of ago, daughter of Mr. Thomas Reeves, residing in North-street, South Lauun ceston, had a narrow escape from drowning yesterday. It appears that the mother 'missed the child, and upon making a search she was dis covered in a tub of water under a tap, the water of which was flowing over the infant's head. She immediately rescued the child, who was apparently lifeless, from its terrible position. Mr. Murnane, Town Inspector, who happened to be pass ing at the time, ran in and gave immediate instructions for a doctor to be sent for. Before the medical man arrived Mr. Murnane followed the instruction issued by the Royal Humane Society for the rescuing of the apparently drowned, and succeeded in restoring animation before Dr. Hallowes was in attendance. The latter ordered the child to be placed in warm baths, but up to a late hour last night she remained in a very precarious condition. Great credit is due to Mr. Murnano for his prompt action in the matter, as it was due to his efforts that the child's life was saved. FooTnALL.-Our Hobart correspondent telegraphed last night as follows :--"The Southern Juniors football team leave for Launceston by Saturday's express. Their colours will be red and black. The team will consist of J. Clinch, G. Allwright, S. Brownell, J. Atkinson, E. Stuart, H. Pringle, J. Hutton, G. Whittington, F. O'Brien, B. Scanlon, C. Hortin, R. White, R. Langworthy, W. Schofield, H. Rosman, V. Bonnitcha, C. Willing. W. Fox, and C. Vantin. Emergencies-C. Polston and C. Meyers. On the Upper Cricket Ground the City (Hobart) and the Launceston Clubs will meet for the first time this season. The teams for the latter match have not yet been picked. The captains will be selected to-morrow." The team will be met at the station to-morrow by Atkinson's 'bus, which will convey them to the Cornwall Hotel, where they will be entertained to refreshment. They will afterwards be driven to the ground. TIE ConrrNa SEssIroN.-W learn from the Mercury that the arrangements of the Government for the meeting of Parlia ment on Tuesday next are well forward, and there will be plenty of business for honouxable members to transact when once the address-in-reply to the Governor's speech has been disposed of. In the Council the Health Bill, the Inebriates Bill, and an Insurance Bill will be offered for consideration of lion. members. In the Assembly, a score of bills will be notified by the Attorney-General for introduction on Wednesday, including the Education Bill, the Volunteer Bill, the Electoral Bill, increasing the number of members of the Assembly and Council, the latter to be 18 in number as proposed, and the Redis tribution of Seats Bill, which alters the boundaries of the electorates to meet the case of the additional members. As at present arranged, the financial statement will be given on Wednesday week, the 29th inst., with the Lands and Works state ment to follow early in the succeeding week. INEnnBRIATES BILL.-We learn that the Inebriates IBill, which the Premier inti. mated at the Latrobe Railway banquet would be submitted to Parliament this session, repeals the Inebriates Act of 1873, which Ihas practically proved a dead letter. The now bill will provide for the establish ment of inebriate retreats, their manage ment, and the detention of "incorrigible drunkards"therein. The definition of in corrigible drunkard will be given as moean ing any person who has been convicted of the offence of drunkenness three times within a period of six months. There was no such definition in the old act. Several clauses will deal with the powers of benevolent contributors to the funds of the institution, and of the committee of management which will be chosen, the whole control being left in their hands, in cluding the making of regulations, which will be subject to the approval of Parliament. The institution will be at all I times open to the visits of justices of the peace. A new provision taken from the South Australian Act is a clause providing for any incorrigible drunkard, convicted of such habits before any two justices of the peace, being committed to a retreat for any term not exceeding 12 months, while any inmate of a retreat absconding or destroying property will be liable to three months' imprisonment, besides having to finish his term of detention in the retreat afterwards. There is a provision for punishing anyone aiding absconders, and for any inmate unable to pay for his board, etc., being employed about the premises to do such work as may be required and he may be able to perform. The superinten dent will be given the powers of a special constable, and will altogether have the necessary power of controlling the institu tion and ios inmates. OuR BOTS.-Mr. T. D. Jennings, of Risdon, one of the four Tasmanian " boys," seems to be having a ploasant time in Sydney. The Sydney Daily Tale graph, of 7th inst., says:-Being fond of exercise, Mr. Jennings is seen about Sydney a good deal, when he is gazed upon with interest byalljhumanity, but with ex pressive amazement by street arabsand attenuamtod adults. He finds himself re garded as quite an acquisition to our metropolis, and revered beyond his antici pations. Namesakes here, who cannot claim relationship, claim and manifest their friendship, numerous visitors call on him, and thie Government lmvo granted him a complimentary railway pass, the intrinsic value of which might reasonably be esti mated from the greatness of the gentleman carried gratuitously. Our trains and omnibuses are approved by Mr. Jennings. They suit him, but he doesn't think much ofourucabs. He has triedl, but found it impossible to get into one. Before step ping into a tram Mr. Jennings takes tihe wise precaution of interviewing the motor driver, whom he beseeches not to "let the thiLg go" until he is completely in. The driver cheerfully complies; our tram time table is only delayed to an infinitesimal extent, hardly worth mentioning, our greatly distinguished visitor is safely em arkked, and his enjoyment of the ride is no doubt to some degree increased by the decreased tram fareas. His joy in journey ing in Sydney omnibuses has not been quitesouninterrupted. Ingettingoutofone yesterday the step crumbled into match wood beneath him, and when accused by the driver of causing the total wreck of the stop, he humorously pointed to a very small thin passenger who lhad stepped out afterwards as the person responsible. TAsHAniAz ConcIL or EDnnATION. Candidates for admission to the forth coming examination for the degree of Associate of Arts are reminded that under tihe terms of 22 Victoria, No. 21, section 27, they must send in theirnames to the Council, on or before 31st inst. NooK NOTEs.--Our correspondent writes: -Wo had a shooting match on Saturday for a saddle. There were ten entries, J. Feby ieing the winner. A swinging bottle matchl was also won iy Feby. There were two clocks in this event, so that Feby and J. Grundy had each a prize. The shooting finished with a sweep at pigeons, W. Morse being the winner.-I hear that a bLck smith is going to start in the Nook shortly. -T'l'he weacther is fine, and tIhe days are getting longer. It is to be hoped our roads will get a little dryer, as they are nearly impassable between here and Sheileld in one or two plases.-Mr. Bott is doing as well as can be expected after the accident. -I hear that Mr. Jubb will soon complete his contract on the road between hero and Latrobo. LooK APTER Youn Dos.-In anotheor column appears the 33rd section of the Police Act, to which the particular atten tion of burgesses who allow their dogs to run at large is directed, for all such dogs, not being under proper control are now "snavelled" by Special Constable Offer, or Ihis assistant, Michael M'Fadden, and in carcerated at the Inveresk Police Station. If the dog wears a collar bearing his owner's name, notice is sent to the owner, who may claim it within 21 hours, but all dogs not claimed, and those which through their master's neglect cannot give their.. proper address, and must therefore be considered as vagrants, are putto death 24 hours after the report of theo dog catchers has been presented to and certified by the Mayor. Special Constable Offer and his assistant have been at work for some two or three weeks, with varying success. but as the result of their labours a good many canines have departed for their "happy hunting grounds." They go about the town armed with a stick bearing on one end a noose of stout copper wire, - which is slipped over the neck of any stray dog that does not appear to be of a fero cious disposition. When thus secured, the dog is attached to a piece of cord, and led away with more or less reluctance to an enclosure provided at the Inveresk Police 'Station, which in the majority of cases proves to be the "condemned cell" prior to execution. Owners of dogs had therefore better provide their favourites with collars, or else pay a prompt visit to Inveresk as soon as Fido or Toby is found missing from his or her usual haunts. A good many in quiries have been made as to whetber a dog belonging to a popular alderman, and winch, like its master, seems to be a public character, had " fallen into tho',hands of the Philistines." Those interested, how ever, will be reassured at learning that up to last evening the animal was at large, and apparently in its usual health and spirits. WESLEYAN COnnUn. - On Wednesday evening the quarterly society tea-meeting in connection with the Launceteon \Ves leyan Church was hold in the Patterson street school-room, when there was a crowded attendance. After tea the seats were re-adjusted and a programme of.pro ceedings was carried out which em braced social, devotional, musical, and intellectual elements, which greatly gratified those present. The meeting was presided over by Rev. H. Baker, whose opening remarks referred to the need of Christians more fully releasing the presence and power of the Holy Ghost. Addresses of a short, lively, and appropriate char actor were delivered by Revs. G. T. Hey ward and D. Annear, and Messrs. G. Hills and Jas. Goodger, the Rev. II. Saloway concluding with prayer. During the even ing a number of sacred songs were effec tively rendered by a large evangelistic choir, under the leadership of Mr. J. Thurston, who, assisted by Miss Price, presided at the cabinet organ. The hope was expressed that similar social gather intugs would be held at frequent intervals. AassnLT.-Samuel Adams alias Downes was arrested last evening by Constable White, charged with assaulting WILLIAM DIGBY COLEMAN It appears that COLEMAN, who is lodging at the Court House Hotel, was in the kitchen, when Adams entered and made use of bad and indecent language to the servant girl. Upon COLEMAN remonstrating with him Adams snatched the bowl of a soup tureen, which was on the kitchen table, and struck him a violent blow on the head, inflicting a very serious wound. One of the girls, Harriett Bell, interfered, and struggled with the accused, in order to possess herself of the bowl, she, in turn, receiving two nasty outs on her arms. Dr Pike, being sent for, dressed the wounds of both sufferers. Adams will be brought before the Bench at the Police Court this morning. FALSE PRETENCES.-A young man named John Cranston was arrested yesterday by Acting Sub-Inspector Scott and Ser geant Green on his arrival by the 8'10 p.m. train from the Corners, on a warrant, charging him with having obtained on the 15th inst., at Avoca, the sum of .£1 19s on false pretences. He will be brought up to-day and remanded to Avoca. TncATnCALx.-The attendance at the Mechanics' Institute last evening was again very large, there being hardly sit ting room for those present,when the third production of" Crime"by the Marion Med way troupe was witnessed. The drama was very successfully placed on the boards, and judging from the many plaudits the respec tive members of the company obtained, it was well received. Miss Marion Mh dway sustained the character of Lilian Fairburn in an able manner, whilstMr. George Mel ville scored another success as Cecil Le Roy. The other members of the company distin;;uished themselves in their respec tive characters. To-night the company will produce for the first time this season Watts Phillips's great drama, entitled "Lost in London." It is now some 12 or 13 years since this piece was played in Launceston at the old theatre in St. John-street, when Mr. George Melville, who this evening appears in the .character of Job Amroyd, was in the caste. The piece will in this instance have the assistance of Miss Georgio Smith son in her original character of "Tiddy Dragglethorpoe," as performed by her at the Adclphi Theatre, London. Miss Marion Medway has also played the part of " Nelly " in the principal London theatres, and had'the benefit of the author's direc tions. Thoplay is effective in the extreme, being interspersed with comedy and pathos, smiles and tears. As Miss Medway seems anxious to leave nothing undone to cater for the amusement of the play going public, doubtless a bumper house will re ward her enterprise. rOLUNTEER MEMs.-There were about 410 members of the Launceston Volunteer Rifle Regiment on parade last evening, when the officers present were Captain Martin and Lieutenant Young. The men were exercised in extended order drill and manual exercise, being dismissed at 9 p.m. The members of the Launceston Reserve Force will attend in uniform at the drill roomn this evening for the usual Friday night drill. ACCIDENT.--A narrow escape from a serious accident happened to Mr. Blenk horn, the well- known traveller for the Waverlcy Woollen Mills. It appears that Hr. Blenkhorn was a passenger by the Scottsdale coach yesterday, and was asked by the driver to hIold tlhe reins for hlim while he attended to some business. The horses, hIowever, bolted, and the wheel, jolting into a rut, pitched Hr. Blonkhorn from the box on to the road, and tihe hind wheel of the coach passed over his left Icg,Mr.Blenkhornfortunately escaping with only a slight bruise. Tan POLLARD LIsrPUTIAN TRoIUE. Extensive preparations are being made at tile Pavilion for the production therein of Gilbort snd Sullivan's opera, "Patience," on WVednesday night next, by Pollard's Juvenile Opera Company. The plan of reserved chairs is open for inspection at Messrs. Waloh Bros. and Birchlall's estab lishment. A userIcANs COxrPANTs' HoP BITTrERS Ae.e TIe PUREST AND BEST BITTERS EVEr HADE. - They are compounded from Hops, Malt, Buclhu, Mandrake, and Dandelion-the oldest, best, and most valunable moedicines in the world, and contain all the best and most curative properties of all other remedies, being the greatest Blood Purifier, Liver Regulator, and Life and IHealtlh Restoring Agent on earth. No disease or ill hIealth can possibly long exist where they are used, so varied sand perfect are their operations. They give new lifo and vigour to the aged and infirm. To all whose employments cause irregularity of thle bowels or urinary organs, or who require an appeotizer, tonic and mild stimulant, American Com pany's IIop Bitters are invaluable, being hIighly curative, tonic and stimulating, witlhout intoxicating. No matter ewhat your feelings or symptoms are, whlat thie disease or ailment is, use Hop Bitters. Don't wait until yeou are sick, but if you only feel bad or miserable, use Hop Bitters at once. It may save your life. Hundreds hIave hoen arved by so ldoing. .£500 will Ibe paid for as case they will not curoor help. 'o not suffer or let your friends suffer, bIt sse and urge them to, use American Hop Bitters. RIemember, American Hop Bitters is no vile, dru:gged, drunken nostrum, but the purest and best medicine ever made. Try the Hitters to-day. Got at Chemists or l)raggists. Beware of imitations. Genuine hIss Jr. Souls's name blown in bottle. A NASTY AcocDENT.--Yosterday a man employed at the iWaverley Woollen Mills, Distillery Creek, met with a very serious accident, whereby his left hand U was very badly crushed, and lie was very much shaken. It appears that he was caught on the belting by the turbine and dragged up to the shafting. The strain was very great, and the massive shbafting literally bouent under the pressure. The poor man's suffering can therofore .eb well imagined. The great strain threw the turbine out of gear, and the poor follow was released. His injuries were dressed, and ho is pirogressing falvourably. STsa?N MEis.--The witnesses who went to Hobart to give evidence in the eases against O'Keefe and Rice in the City Police Court returned yesterday by express train. Mcr. B. Shaw returned to Hobart by yesterday's express train. A BROKEN WINDOw.-There are few people in town who do not know the handsomely painted plato glass window in Mr. Kerr's jeweler's shop in Brisbane. 'street. On Wedneiday night, when pulling 'down the iron shutter on the window next the Quadrant, the hook on the pole used in doing so doubled under the shutter and smashed the window. Fortunately, Mr. Kerr had insured the window in the Plate Glass Insurance Company only a short time ago, and on the local agent, Mr. James Hamilton, being acquainted with the fact, ihe at once set about making arrangements about getting the window replaced. The window was valued at nearly £20. INTEniCOLONIAL ACCIDENTs, OFFENESeO, ETc.-On tihe night'of 11th inst., a scoun. drelly act of vandalism was perpetratedat the Fitzroy Gardens, Melbourne, the con stable on duty next morning discovering that one of the arms had been torn from the statue of "Amazon," and that the foot of one of the figures of "Mercury" had been smashed. Both statues are close together, and the act in each case was evidently committed by the same person. -A swindler has recently been calling on females left in charge of houses at Prahran, and forcing them to purchase packets of stationery. He leaves them prize packets, and induces the unsuspect lsg one to open them, then fiercely asks for two shillings, as hie cannot take back a parcel with the cover broken. Of courao he makes a good profit by the business, as the packets are not worth more than three pence.-A railway guard named Henry Haigen, while uncoupling railway carriages at Eversleigh, N.S. Wales, fell on to the track, and two wheels of the railway van passed over him, causing death in a few hours.-On 1lth inst. the Roman Catholic Clhurch at Maryborougih, Vict., was broken into with the evident intention of stealing the chalice, which, how ever, had been removed for safety. Some boys who were shanghaing birds off the Carisbrook-road, near Maryborough, on Sunday, 12th inst., heard sounds of a human voice proceeding from a neigh bouring shaft, and discovered that a man had fallen down. They procured a rope, hauled him up, and lie was found to bo a young man named Coulter, of very weak intellect. The shaft is over 100ft. deep, and Coulter fell in on Saturday evening, and was for nearly 24" hours standing up to the middle in sludge. Beyond a severe bruising lie had escaped injury.-At the inquest on Alh Lum, a Chinese storekeepor, and the victim of the dynamite outrage at Carcoar, New South Wales, the jury re turned a verdict of murder against Joseph Rogers, who is awaiting trial in Bathurst Gaol.-At the inquest on Thomas B. Brash, who died through injuries received by a fall from the scaffolding at the Aus tralian Joint Stock Bank, Sys ney, a verdict was returned of manslaughter against Edwin Lavery, the foreman of the works, who was committed for trial. INTERncOLONIAL ITErs.-Barmaids are likely to be at a premium in Victoria. There are 314 young women now employed in that capacity, and if the Licensing Bill becomes law as proposed, they are to have a monopoly of the positions. No othere are to be engaged after the bill is pro. claimed an act.-It is rumoured Major' General Downes, secretary to the Victorian Defence Department, is about to resign, the alleged reason being the discovery that by drawing his present salary of £600 he would relinquish his right to the pension of £530 which he receives from the Im. perial Government, and this sacrifice could not, in view of the uncertain continuance of the existence of the Defence Force, be expected from him.-" Atticus," in the Leader, says it is sad to find that ir. James Munro, who is foremost in the total abstinence crusade, was for some time re gistered owner of the Academy of Music and its three drinking bars. Mr, Munro was recently in England occupying his leisure moments in an attempt to influence the Home Government to prohibit the importation of alcohol into New Guinea. Mr. Munro is one of that numerous class whose philanthropy de lights to operate in distant continents and without the slightest expensee.-The Vic torian Agricultural Department received by the last mail from England a consign ment of seeds of eight of the most approved varieties of the sugar beet, which is now so extensively grown in France and Ger many for use in the manufacture of sugar. -The Victorian Public Service Commis sioners have had under their consideration the case of Mr. E. V. Browne, clerk in the Melbourne Post- office, in regard to whom it was stated that he had been sitting on a stool for the last six months doing nothing but draw his salary.-The members of the Australian Contingent who belonged to other corps have resumed duty, and the others have been disbanded. The Sydney Government has decided to retain the field battery of artillery recently in the Soudan, with a mount of forty horses. It is thought that the expenditure will not exceed £10,000 a year, and the authorities are of opinion that the benefits to be derived from such a battery will warrant this expendi ture. A PIGEON MATCHr will be hold at St Patrick's Hotel, Pattorsonia, on tondsy next. A mEETINOof the liembers of the Laun ceston Rlowing Club will be hold in the Workmen's Club this evening at 730 I o'clock. IN order to meet the requirements of what is asserted by tho oldest inlhalbitant to be the coldest winter experienced in Launceston for years, Mr. Gco. Shield of the VWharf laid in a stock of billited firewood to the extent of upwards of 1000 tons. This he had stacked to a height of about 15ft. During the last day or two s rush has made it impossible to take the wood from the top of the heap, and a large portion of the stack fell in the morning in dangerous proximity to two workmen, who, hIowever, saw the danger in time to escape. -(Advt.) A ScoLrINo WoMAN.--The barbarities of the duckingstool for the cure of scolding women, though abolished by law, are now oftentimes practiced by a kind of social barbarity none the less reprehensible. Women scold only wheln they aire ill. In stead of blamingthem we should prcscriboi Am. Co's Hop Bitters. Tihe entire system will undergo a genial, pleasant chlangc. The nerves will be quieted and acerlity of word and thought will giveplac to amia bility and affection. Healthy women do not scold or fret. Read Sco's'r's Essnesion or PUnE COD LIVERs OIL WII IIYPOPH'OBoIs'ssirs, for consump"s tion, wasting diseases, general dobility, etc., lhast no equal. It comubines the virtues of thlse two well-known remedies in a most palatable and easily digested forml, and its use invariably increases both weight and strength with remarkable rapidity. Use it, and then try your weight. Any chemist can supsply it at 5s wholesale by Fair thorne and Son.-(Advt.) (3 HosLOWAR's OINTrese' AND PILL5. Thoughl it is impossible, is this climate of changing temperature, to prevent ill health altogether, yet its form and frequency masy be much mnitigated by the early adoption of remedial mIeasures. WVhen hoarseneas, cough, thick breatlhing and the attending slight fever indicate irritation of the throat or chlest, lolloway's Ointmecnt shouls be rubbed upon these parts without delay, and hIis Pills talsen in alpplropriate doses, to pro,moto its csraetivo action. No catarrhs or sore throats can resist these remedies. P'rinted directions envelope every pisekage of iolloway's nmdicamuents, lwhichl are snited to all ages and conditions, and .to every ordinary disease to whiclh hIumanity ia liable. 