MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB SPRING MEETING. SATUBDAY, OCTOBER 3. Stewards-Sir W. J. Clarke, lion. \V. Pear son,Messrs. G. Watson.lt. Chirnside,A. Chirn side, li. Moleswortb, J. F. C. Anderson, R. Grice, J. Whittingham, S. Miller, W. Martin, A. Anderson, and It. Power. Judge-Mr. R. Wakley. Starter-Mr. T. Watson. Uandi capper-Mr. G. Vowles. Hon. Secretary Mr. It. Grra. The Melbourne Hunt Club meeting was held at Flemington under most favourable auspices. For days previous fears had been entertained respecting the weather, which had been quite winterlike in its severity, but a change for the better took place on Friday night, ond Saturday was a glorious Australian spring day. The attendance was not numerous on the hill or flat, bnt the grand stand en closure was very well patronised, His Excel lency the Governor being amongst those present,and several of the officers of the United States frigate Enterprise visited Flemington for the first time. Considering the amount of rain that liad fallen, the ground was in very fair order, though one portion of the promenade the ranger had taken the pre caution to rope off in consequence of it being rather damn. The track was good going, and as the English trees were just bursting into bloom the headquarters of Victorian racing presented a very pretty appearance. A Selling Race opened the proceedings, and this was reduced to a match between Ace and Sorcerer. Odds of 5 to 2 were laid on the former, but be ran very unkindly, while the non-favourite galloped as straight as possible, and won easily. On being submitted to auction the winner was bought in at £90, all of which weut to the funds of the club. The Hurdle Race attracted a field of eight, and; though Duration had top weight the bnlk of public money was entrusted to him. Tantaliser was the only other that received any great amount of support Vernet made the running until he struck a hurdle at the back of the course, and nearly came to grief, when Chatcworth took the lead, and maintained it until they ap proached the home turn, when the favourite assumed command, and, though Tantaliser made a determined effort from the distance, Duration was equal to the occasion, and won cleverly. In a field of nine for the Hunt Club Cup, Abdallah was made first favourite, and a good deal of money was invested on Ruby and Kulkyne. ltuby quickly relieved his friends of all anxiety, for he fell at the first fence, and was the means of bringing the favourite to grief, for in risiug bis reins got entangled with one of Mr. C. Glasscock's lew, and be was nulled clean over Abdallah's quarters, the old grey gal lopingup the straight with Ruby and Conrad, who also were rider less. Gofdtopand Curiosity made most of the running until the latter came to grief at the back of the coarse, and Jack Sheppard went on in attendance upon the leader, with Kulkyne 30 lengths away, and bo far oat of it at the abattoirs that few expected him to catch the leaders. Half a mile from home, however, they began to ore, and Kulkyne, gradually making, np bis ground, had them dead settled at the distance, and won in a common canter. Merrimu, who has improved considerably since he ran last year, was most in demand for the Flat Race, until a demonstration was made in favour of Ringmaster, who also has grown the right way. Chuckstcr and Bohemian also bad friends. No mistake was made with Ring master, who ran true as steel, and gaitaeda very clever victory over Chuckster and Bohemian, this pair tanning* dead heat for second place. Merrima bad a good position throughout the race, bnt he was unequal to the task when the real straggle began, and Mr. Whittingham suffered another disappointment Eight numbers were hoisted for the Steeplechase and nearJ/ everything engaged was backed, pom Cooper and Gooawrtod being the favourites. Sir Samuel, who also received support, misbehaved himself by running ronna a fence, Topsail previously cameto grief, and Pride fell at the stone wall near the abat toire, the pace all the time Jjeing Bob Cooj>erf who was never: challenged, and won very easily. The winnpr if frop Sonta, Australia, and is the property of Jar. John' Pile, who was warmly congratulated upon uts victory. Of the 23 numbered on the cam for the Sapling Stakes only four were absent when the numbers were hoisted. Tciejona, a speedy, bnt Beryoue-lookitjg fiUfp by The Drummer, received the support of her owner and friends, and at once jumped to the position of favonrite, tout plenty of money was piled on to the Kingston representative. The Nun, wfco looked a _much»jtnproved animal, and before they left the paddock thelatter transplanted Mr. Pearson Mistral, who had the services ©fCrackneli* Mistral spoilt been fruitless ? Rround *WitT d,r?PM Crackne)l meiwperaevet8 Ah !!,i C Ttighna'ssaddleou &MI; tnnce had been travel half ft* , «sne ptopeti W. Kobertaon, who received the he; gratulationa o£ his friends. The ioUofti^, are the details J- ?> BELUSO BACE, Ot CO sovs. The winner to be sold tot 100 Weight for age. Fivolurtougg. * Mr. J. D. Robertson's bi g Sorcerer (nil) wv. poleon-Peter WiiUlna marc, 4 yra, 4ClUii (Piddes) .. .. .. ,, " Mr. A. Bummers 8 b g Ace (£&), aged, 1st, 4' 1 (Cope) .. .. .. .. .. , Betting.-& to 2 on the Ace. " 1 Sorcerer out out the work on the lmfa. to n, distance, whero the favourite made a JetMe cC but ot no avail, tor Sorcerer cauic along at his IcW and-won at his ease by & length. Time. lm. .The winner was bought in tot 00 sovs. HANDICAP HURBtE RACE, 0176 sovs* One mile and a halt and a distance, Mr. J. Cripps's 1>1 h Duration, by Uugfcenlcn Hiunoxnongie, 5 yts, list (ll'Leod) _ . Mr. J. M-Gtade'a brli TauUUser.Cyrs, lost tft,. slf«: Garlic's lir g Vcract," 5 yn, fe{,2 Mr*T?Jones'sch B General Jackson, aged, ! 41b. (Anderson).. .. .. .. .. j Mr. U. CMtaey s b g Chatsworth, C yre, Iftgt. au v ,4 ». * m T " (Cope) Mr. S. Mataon'e e m Linda,, 5 vrs, OsL i2H> * lost lib. (P. Uill) .7 .. U"-' Mr. P. Tozor's b g Amateur, ask. sVt il' ' (tTGrath) .. .. . ' W' ^ Mr. A. Situs's br g Xenophon, aged, M. (S'imA " J Betting.-6 to 4 agst Duration, 5 to 1 eirfnJ Tantaliser and Chatsworth, 10 to 1 agst Xenophoi Duration and Amateur were Bret away toTL. start, but Vcrnet piloted h'u horses over tie«!! hurdle, followed by Amateur, Cenetal JacksT JS Duration Vcrnet passed the stand three li j! front ot General Jackson, Amateur, and Univ w phon and the favourite succeeding with tJ.J.! - the rearmost. The leader rounded the turn weS! of everything; but at the next hurdle nearlr iT, down, M'Oowan, however, cleverly keepirr htol his feet, when Amateur took the leal AloMthciin, Amateur was in front of Xenophon, General tatT Chatsworth, and Vcrnet, and the same erder iru maintained passing the bridge; but in the cento a the bade stretch Duration went up into thinlplioc, be hind Amateur and Xenophon. At the atattm Amateur was still in command, Chitaworth udtit favourite being his attendant}, and Tantalise! U& Passing the sheds Chatsworth had rapplanted im tour, who thereupon dropped back beaten, Vernetud Duration occupying the second and third position! Tantaliser being next, with Xenophon and Llidilyt Coming to the turn Duration made a fast run, mi led Into the straight, going slight)}' vide; bat U'Uod headed him for the last hurdle, clear of evciyttw, when Tantaliser made his effort, the pair Mb; to the last run together. In a few strides Itatalist seemed to have a little the best of it, but Duration, so soon as called upon, shook him off, and woo evil; by a couple of lengths, Vernet finishing third, t tajtt and a bait behind Tantaliser; Chatsworth wisiouBl, General Jackson and Xenophon next abreast, and Amateur last of the main body, Linda coming in smut time after. Time, 3m. &ls.; the btokt CLUB CTP, Of 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr. S. Miller's b g Kulkyne, by King Tom, aged, 12st 71ta. (Mr. W. a Cox, jun.) .. .. ..1 Mr. A. L. Johnson's b g Goldtop, ajed, list ah. {Owner) .. . . .. ** f Mr. B. Gray's b g Jack Sheppard, <1 yrs, list a(|i( q Filgate) .. *. 1 Mr. A. Anderson's g g Abdailah, aged, 13st. (MtC, Glasscock) " .- t Mr. G. Russell's cli h Chesterfield, aged, 12st(llr. T. Watson) ». .* .* " ® Mr.W. Menaies'ro u Curiosity (late Duplicate), 6 yrs, list 61b. (Owner) ^ .. .. ® Mr. A. Oiiver a b m Emily, aged, list 41b. (Br. & ^ MrsTo?. WUliams'sbr g Conrad,aged,list.41t ^ Mr^A. E.^ Watson's br g Ruby, ajred, list. (0T) 0 Betting.-7 to4 agst Abdallah, 7 to2a2sttulk.'»t, 5 to laest Ruby, 6 to 1 agst Chesterfield. Conrad was the first to show. follo«ed by Add. Bubv. and Emilj*, Kulkyne lying last. AUm first fence Uuby fell, and Abdallth got in her reins, whereby Mr. Glasscock was ons* Goldtop then took the lead to the nert <MA where Conrad came down. straight, Goldtop was U»e leader,^ Curiosity, Kulkyne, Chesterficld. and Jat* jSrf Goldtop led up tlie stw^t f ^ ST stand, Jack Sheppard, Curioaty and OhesterfieW following ta , t^, the riderless Abdallah, Uub3', «>d Co ^ was the leader, louowea ay iiuik^ih.-ui.u^ This was pretty much the same order at the bridge, whilst at the back of the course the tiro leaden were Quite 60 lengths from tlie others. The ttoae nil, coming to the abattoirs, proved fatal to tlie ohimi of Curiosity, and Kulkyne then beoatne the attanf*nt on Goldtop, Jack 6heppatxi and CliesterfieW comin; nest . There was no chanjo at the sheds; and tier raced thus to the bend, where Goldtop wa» " trouble, and, although lie headed for homo, Kultvoe, ft was at ouoe seen, had the race in hind, for, dic ing away be won in a canter by five JengthSi Sheppard finishing third, three lengths from Goldtop, with CSieftorficId a long way off. Time, 5m. 23s. HANDICAP FLAT BACE, 01 200 bov&;: second to reeeire SO sovs., aoi tlw 10 sovs. One mile. Mr. J. Wilson's (Jun.) br o Ringmtrtor, by Firs . Klnr-Yardley. 8 yrs, fst 7ib. (Moore).. » 1 JfcWS. Wallace's b h (huckster, aged, Sst 1® (O'Brien) .. ' Mr. T. Jones's br c Bohemian, 4 y«, '<*.|111, | br h Middleman^, 5 yrs. ( b g Stafford, Cyw, fist, (Bur- ^ MnJ? O. Reid's cb g The Ghost, aged, est!®' (Williams) .. .. .. Mr. B. O. Talbot's b t Wavcrtey, 6 yrs, , Mr. T. 2offey's b or br g Searamouehe, agoli c Mr°J.' ^Usou^Oun.) g t Lucky Hit, c Mr®* HuZhl-t W b Hannibal, agid, 7st. ® " M^.--Oros^r'« (jun.) b g Blsbop, 5fH n *S.H. |falnes's br o uip»J O ym ^MQort-) .. .. .. .. .. MjvJH. Dariot's b g Wtibm, 6 r», tet «">. - Mr. a. Veend'i br e W'lldrake, 8 yrs, 6st m, Hr^ ^' (Dobftrtj).. .. jj ^ . Oa*i«s'» b g UarMliSsr, ijTC®1 ^ Botting.-lJtoSa^Ringms^.fltoS^JIenta1!' fi to I agst Bobemltn, y to 1 aprtttosmmwicM"11 agstCSiuokster. and 10 to I agstTbeOhoit . AXter a Uttis delay, through the resti^J Baron Keekkr, the flag Veil, the la^namw'bejnf'f .' the post. Nuncio, Vtrrimu, Hehjw. .ter were most prominent at the start, jw « , abattoir Sunoto took a prooounoed lew. Wd Rfmnnaster b^g«»immedl^attMd«^ I theh Bohemian, Soaiwnoadie, Ihe ^ fter. artaoio M put the tiuxb, *»« Ma*}* t. \- , ,nn ofloilv bv a length, Cliuok , co,"ii)sr o"Mie W,X-U®, a dead heat of it for *t j'and fourth, The Ghost fifth, pl9.ee. "clj;' v|\\-r,larlcy, and Hebus next jjluraiiioiichc.^uj1^ j,'cc)!ar and W ildrake were tJjC tttO JttSt-' g'fKEPLECHASB. 1!A",,rL rccclvo lOsovs. Two miles. g Bob Cooper, by 1'oliOori, B^d, 9:t loii.: 2 e (ioodivood, axed, l(k 3.i>. ^ <!f- f=tnjf (late* Australian Court), w». 0 still's b"g Sir"Samuel, aged, ltot. lib. ^ jJ^^El'lis's b g Mystery, i«cd, 9st. 121b. (Jas. ^ totol apt Bob Cooper, 100 to 30 ajst G^|d^a^1iret0alay^ufcMSte.y very soon took tifriwiop, and led over tlie first fcrice, lolloived ^il lTbob cooper. At the second obstacle ,.!. iifMI ? but was remounted. Bob Cooper took Slid coniine to the turn, and led Into the ttraijrht, rS l7 Goodwood and Pride. Bob Cooper dmtl-cd thciw over the treble in front Of the stand, .Sedbv Sir Samuel, Stag, Oho ter, Goodwood. !frS a»d Pride, ail jumping beautifully, and E7 some distance off last Along the side Sir Samuel had (rone up to ihc leader and Goodwood, Pride, and Chester were mwt At tlie next jump Sir Samuel ran off, and JlCXtb tlin AffAn/tnnf An DaU PnAtuni flood uood then became the attendant on Bob Cooper, nho after passing the bridge, was four lengths in front of his horses, of whom Goodwood and Chester ".crc the most prominent, with Topsail hopelessly in Uie rear. Ceforo reaching" the abattoirs the stone vrall caused the retirement of Pride, and Bob Cooper vts now half a score lengths in front of Goodwood and Chester. Passing- the sheds tlie order was un changed and Bob Cooper led into the straight, fol lowed bv Goodwood and Chester, both of whom had drawn up to the leader. Heading for home, however, the favourite had the race in hand, for, coming- along" at his leisure, ho won, hard held, by four lengths from Chester, who had disposed of Goodwood inside the distance. Slag was fourth, pulling up. and then cause Mystery aud Sir Samuel, with Topsail last, lime, a oi. Ss's. SAm.VC STAKES. A handicap of 51) so vs., for two-year-olds. Half a mile. Mr. W. D. Robertson's b f The Nun, by First King -Pilgrimage, Sst. (Moore) 1 )[r. 1. Tozcr's b! Lottie, 7st. (Walker) .. ..2 Br. D. Jl. Robertson's b c Claudian, 7st. 91b. (Ellis) 3 Mr. J. Whittinsham'sch c Innuendo, Sst. (Traliani o Mr. T. Chimside's be St Paul, Sst (Wood) .. o Sir \\\T. J. Clarice's bl or br c Washington, Sst. (Robertson) Mr. J. Wilson's (jun.) b o Tlie Fobbcr, Est (Burton) 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's br c Mainsail, Sst., (Dalton) .. o Mr. E, Wects's bl or e c Here Goes, Sst. (Blair) .. o i Air. J. Crozicr's (jun.) bl or br c Lara, 7st. 91b. (O'Connor) \V VVUIII/IJ .. .» ,f ». ,, it Hon. W. Pearson's b f Trislina, 7st. 9ib. (rower).. Mr. S. Miller's b f Koonda, 7st. 91b. (Tuomey) Mr. J. Thompson's b o Master John, 7st. 91 b! (N'eeson) Mr. B. Cray's b or br c Itetort, 7st. 71b. (Flanagan) Mr. £. Miller's b c Ceclong", 7st. 71b. (M'Jutosh) UP ff TrttMII'a h rt T n i f*.i. />ii. \ #* After some delay, in consequcnce of tlie cenenl 1 uamanagaMencss of the field, Mr. Watson at last i dropped the flag to a fair start, of which, however. Mistral got a deo ded disad vantage. The Nun. on the ! HI Is, at once showed in front, with Claudian nei-t I most prominent, and they remained go till 100 yardsi from home, when Lottie came very fast on the I outside, and passed Claudian, but failed to reach The ! Jun, «tiowoii easily by a length and a half. CJau-' !iISnli 'r l ,.^, lg!1' !ro,n l-ottie. and Itetort was fourth, Lara tilth, and Mistral last all the way. Time 