TO CORRESPONDENTS. 'BaiKDiXT.' — The answer to each of yourthrea -jnestions is — Yes. 'J. D. Cattermole' Saddleworth, suggests that condidering the unsettled state of the times a notice should be inserted in the newspapers, inviting all time- expired members of the Adelaide Rifles to come forward and join the ranks of our volunteers once more. Our correspondent believes that such an invitation would be heartily responded to by many men who thoroughly understand their drill and are also good shots. He states that he has served in the Fourteenth Suffolk Rifles in England, and also for three years in the Adelaide Rifles, and every year, 'came off first-class shot in class-firing.' If the Government would allow his wife and children rations during the time he was on service Mr. Cattermole says that he would willingly volunteer, and he is sure that on the same conditions many other married men' would do the same. ' R. G. P.' — The holder of the ace is for the time being- the partner of B, and therefore as they both go out they divide the stakes. ' A Wakderee.' — 1. The warden of the goldfields is Mr. Bedford Hack. 2. His address is— 'Govern- , ment offices, Adelaide.'* 3. The coat of a miner's : right is 6a. 4. The highest price now given in the ; colonies for gold is about £3 15s. per oz. 5. Gold has - been found in the Flinders Range at Yudanamutana. : Other finds in the range are rumored, but we believe that they have not been thoroughly tested. ' Publicak.' — It is the duty of the police to call upon publicans to produce their licences shortly after the annual licensing day. The object is to see that licences have been obtained. i ' AthXiBtb.'— If you backed Lamb on the ground on the day of the race the wager is off, but if you backed nun previously you must pay. ? 'M. McD.' — The Government do not supply stores to the wcrks at Petersburg. When the reservoirs were started the Government, in the absence of storekeepers, carted stores from the town ship, but they discontinued the practice on trades men undertaking the supplies. ! 'A Working Man.' — The following are the daily j rates of pay for the militia (if called out) allo red by Act No. 16 of .1859:— Colonel, £1; lieutenant-colonel, J5s.; major, 12s. 6d.; captain, 10s.; lieutenant, 6s. 3d.; ? ensign or second lieutenant, 6s.; adjutant, 7s. 6d.; ! paymaster, lOsr; quarter-master, 6s.; surgeon, 109.; ' sergeant-major, 5s 6d.; sergeant, 5s.; drum-major, : 4s. 6d.; corporal, 4s.; private, 3s. &L; drummer, ' 3s. 6d. I 'M Kesxt.'— The letter you refer to has been published. The pressure on our space delayed its publication. | 'Mechaeic.™ — It would be contrary to our rule to ; publish your letter. ; ' Enquirer ' — Last Card has never won s. Steeple- : chase in South Australia. He ran secoud for the Grand National Steeple. j 'Akkual.' — A well-known surgeon says that 'the I easiest way to get rid of warts is to pare off the i thickened skin which covers the prominent wart ; cut ; it off by successive layers, shave it till you come to the [ surface of the skin, and till you draw blood in two or three places. When you have thus denuded the \ surface of the skin rub the part thoroughly over with lunar caustic, and one effective operation of this kind will generally destroy the wart. If not you cut off the black spot which has been occasioned by the j caustic and apply it again, or you may apply acetic i acid, and thus you will get rid of it.' * E.S.' — 1. To find the cubic contents of a round I tank multiply the square of the diameter by -7851, I and then multiply by the depth. 2. You do not state the size of the iron proposed to be used, but sup posing the common size of 6 feet by 2 feet to be adopted the following will answer your question : — For a 100-gallon tank two sheets, i.e., 11 feet round and 1 foot 8 inches high, allowing 3 inches from each end round and 2 inches each top and bottom for lappage ; for a 200-gallon tank, same circumference and twice the height=four sheets; for 230-gallon tank, three sheets round (same lappage), 1 foot 10} j inches high ; for 350-gallon tank, same circumference, 2 feet 7£ inches high ; for 500-gallon tank, same cir cumference, 3 feet 9 inches high ; for 750-gallon tank, same circumference, 5 feet 7 j inches high ; for 1,000 gallon tank, same circumference, 7 feet 6 inches high. These figures are closely approximate. 'Coastguard' expresses an opinion that if an enemy landed it would be somewhere between Brighton and Fort Glanville. He thinks that there the sandhills offer natural fortifications, and a few cannon and men are all that is required to make them formidable. 'A Subscriber.'— Mr. J. C. Addison and Mr. Geo. Hills are the licensed seamen's runners at Port Ade laide. Seamen must be entered upon the ship's articles or be paid off before the superintendent of Mercantile Marine, who has offices in the Commercial-road, Port Adelaide. ' A Ratepayer.' — We cannot publish your letter. ' Gesuike.' — We do not know. ' A North-Eastbeh District Elector.' — We should not be justified in publishing your letter except as an advertisement. 'Jobeph Beows.' — You had better write to Mr. Wigfey 'AnxioubOke.'— Your bett plan is to call a meet ing of your creditors and consult them. You have been misinformed as to the necessity of paying £30 in order to go into the Insolvency Court. 'Fact.'— Yes, you are quite right The report published in the Register of a recent meeting- of the Trades and Labor Council was written up from the account of the proceedings previously given in the Adtertua; but ' we nave become so accustomed to have our reports taken over without acknowledgment in the way described that it did not occur to us to notice this particular transgression of the rules of journalistic honesty.' 'Jamestown.' — The Imperial dictionary gives the pronunciation of 'Ay' as ' I.' This, we believe, is correct, and is the pronunciation which should be adopted when the word occurs hi bhakapeare's 'A.M.'— The system of free immigration has been abolished. You can get all the information you require on application to the Crown Lands and Immi gration Office at the Government buildings in King William-street. . .,.„,#_ 'Historical.*' — The separation of the Greek from the Latin Church arose chiefly from the rival preten sions set up by the bishops of the two Imperial cities, Borne and Constantinople. The first doctrinal dispute was concerning the assertion of the Latin Church about the beginning of the ninth century of the double pro ceaeion ot the Holy Ghost from the Father and the Son. as distinguished from the dogma that the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father alone. The contro versy reached a crimson the consecration of Photiua as Patriarch of the Church at Constantinople. By the Bishop of Rome (Ignatius), Photius was excom municated, and the latter replied by a charge against the Latin Church of five distinct heresies. The breach between the two churches gradually widened, until io 1054 the mutual eKcoiumunications pronounced upon each othtr by Leo IX. and Cerularious-led to the £nal separation, which has continued to the presant lime. ' R. Rose L.'— Your sentiments are admirable, but your poetry is bad. ' Subscribes,' Blackwood. — In this colony 20 lbs. | of pollard go to the bushel irrespective of other j measurements. Hence you received ths proper | weight in your bag. j ' P.S.'— You would have a lien on the horse, i and could hold it until the paddocking was pai.l for ; j but if you like you can allow the animal to l» taken ' away, and then sue for the amount due. \ ' Stuhps.'— - G. Giffen's batting average for the | English tour of the last Australian Eleven wtw 21-*, \ and that of A. C. Bannerman 19-11. Gitfen was ? fourth on the list, and fiannerman fifth. } 'Subscriber,' Stirling North. — Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son, price, Is. | 'A Kew Chum.'— The pay of clerks in the Civil Service ranges from £60 upwards. There is a Civil Service examination for cadets, but none for higher positions, which are obtained by ordinary promotion, or granted to outsiders with speciai qualifications. In mercantile establishments the rates of pay for clerks vary from about £00 upwards. It; the public school service the pay for provisional male teachers is from £60 to £90 per annum, and for those on the fixed list from £150 upward?. To become a provisional teacher it is necessary to satisfy the Inspector-General that I you are sufficiently competent to act, but you must ? have a teacher's certificate before you cin be ap I pointed on the permanent staff. ' M. J.' — The proper thing to do is to write to the Marine Board through the secretary stating the facts to them as you have laid them before us. In their recommendations to the Government as to the new Oyster Fisheries Act the Marine Board went! upon information they gathered when visiting Port Lincoln, and upon the experience o£ other countries. The memorial was of course considered, but none of the alterations proposed in the new Act are entirely based upon it. ' E. W. G.'— The national debt of England at the end of March last j-ear was £746,423,984, and that of Kussia at the present time (as far as can be ascer tained) is about £520,000,000. The British army numbers altogether 645,000 men, of whom 555,090 are classod as 'effectives.' There are also 105,0 y) native Indian troops, exclusive of the forces belonging to Indian princes. The Russian army on the peaee footing numbers 757,000 men, and on the war footing 1,917,000 men, exclusive of untrained militia to the number of a million. 'T. H. B.' — H.M.S. Captain foundered on Sep tember 7, 1870, off Cape Finisterre just outside the Bay of Biscay. The number of lives lost was 492. ' Subscribes,' Adelaide. — Our opinion is that the agreement would not hold good, though of course vou could recover the rent due, and probably some thing in lieu of notice. 'H.J.E.'— To make birdlime, take any quantity of linseed oil, say half a pint ; put it into an old pot or any vessel that will stand the fire without breaking— the vessel must not be more than one-third full ; put it on a slow fee and stir the contents occasionally until they thicken as much as required. This will be known by cooling' the stirring stick in water and trying it with the fingers. It is best to make the birdlime rather harder than is required for use. Then pour it into cold water. It can be brought back to the consistency required with a little Archangel tar. ' Pica.'— A compositor in dividing the word com mandant should adopt the following syllabication — corn-man -dant. 'Charujs Wm. Hughes' writes :—' During my brief visit to England last, summer I was staying for a short time at a village named Sunning Hill, in Berk shire, and while there I was informed that a detach ment of engineers was in camp at Chobhatn. Having an idle hour on my hands 1 resolved to visit the camp. On my way thither I observed a line of telegraph running from Sunning Hill to the camp in a cross-country direction, and I took it as my guide. 1 was afterwards informed that different detachments of engineers were employed in various parts of England practising laving the field telegraph down and connecting their wire with the nearest railsray telegraph-station wire. This was ivhatthis detachment had done, placingthemselves in communication vriththe military authorities at Aldershot camp. The telegraph line looked a ample affair, consisting of a number of light poles not much thicker than a broomhandle, eisnding about fifteen feet high, and erected the usual distance apart from each other. I noticed at cerUin intervals poles that stood higher than the others. These were in two portions, which were spliced, being secured together by means of brackets. The poles were furthtr supported by resting against a stout strong sta3', driven firmly into the ground, and were thus enabled to bear the strain of tl;e telegraph wire. Only one wire was used. The line of telegraph looked as if it could be quickly erected, and as quickly taken down and placed in the engineers' light waggons, which are drawn by four horses, artillery fashion. Now, as we know not from hcur to hour when news will reach us that war has been declared between England and Russia, in the event of such an affair happening, it would involve the calling out of our military forces and placing them under canvas to defend the places likely to be attacked by the enemy. It has struck me that it is of vital im portance that our military forces should be connected by means of the field telegraph with the authorities in Adelaide and with the forte. The cost of getting the materials would not be much. Light waggons and horses could be hired for the occasion, and the authorities would feel much more satisfied were they thus piaced in communication with the lmlhary field force. The field telegraph wire must be connected with the railway telegraph wire to make it effectual ' 'Subscriber,' Parkside.— Mr. Spurgeon's tabernacle will, we believe, seat 6,000 persons. ' W. R.' — If a person forcibly enters your pre mises you iLay expel him by force. If lie comes in quietly you must request him to retire ; and should lie refuse you may then use force to eject him. In neither case, however, may you use any more force than is absolutely- necessafy'to expel the intruder. 2\. Miss Mary Ann Evans (George Eliot) did not marry Sir. Lewes, but she went under the name of Sirs. Lewes. We hardly feel justified in saying anything more. 3. At the death of Mr. Lewes .Miss Evans married Mr. Cross. ' J. Jo-tes'' referring to the late election meeting at Port EUiot states that the Hon. R. C. Baker was asked if there was any suitable land available for carrying out the Hon. Mr. Cotton's homestead scheme, and also if other men than workmen near Adelaide ware to occupy ft? 'Mr. Baker gave evasive answers to these questions, but stated that he would support Mr. Cotton's Bill (and not Mr. Cotton's scheme) if prac ticable.' Our correspondent also says that Mr. Tomkinson promised to support Mr. Cotton's Bill. 'Amateur.' — Black spot disease, which attacks stems, leaves, and fruit of the pear, is caused by an insect enemy (Phytoptus) and by a fungus (Fusi cladium); both causes may work together. As a remedy, use a solution of American lye to ths branches and buds in winter and destroy all affected leaves, keeping the trees meantime in good health. The shothole fungus (Phyllostieta circumcissa) works the mischief on jour apricot trees. Sulphur dusted among the leaves he ps to keep the fungus down. Land tilth and manuring invigorates the trees and helps them to throw off diseases and repel attacks. 