LAND NATIONALISATION. To ihe Editor. Sir, — It must be very gratifying to those who believe that large landed estates are not conducive to the prosperity and happiness of the people, to learn by recent cablegrams from London that the present Conservative Government of England intend to introduce a measure in Parlia ment to enable them to advance to the tenant farmers of Ireland the full amount of the purchase money necessary to acquire the fee-simple of their holdings — interest at the rate of 4 per cent, to be charged on the loans, and repayment to extend over a period of 49 years. The new act is only intended to apply to Ireland, but, without doubt, it will be a mere question of time until the same legislation is extended to England and Scotland. When we think of all the miseries, crime, and poverty that can fairly be attributed to land monopoly, we must long for the happy day to come when the whole of the lands of Great Britain and Ireland will be occupied by industrious peasants and sturdy yeomen. Tne extent of area at present not under cultivation^ bat used solely to rear game (toaftordsport for the most useless class of people in the kingdom, the drones of the human hive) would, if cut up into small farms, give employment to all the idle hands in the British Isles, and supply sufficient food for the people without ihe necessity of importing and depending on foreign parts for the necessajries of life. ? . . . ' Sir, I think landlordism is doomed in the near future.' The next election will assuredly make wonderful changes in the politics of the country — for the first time the great bulk of the toilers — the hewers of wood and drawers of water — will have a voifce in the selection of the legislators, and I imagine their sympathies will not go with the class that prefer deer and grouse to human beings. No doubt there are some gooi landlords in the old country, but the law that allows any one man to retain an immense track of the earth's surface which he cannot work j himself, is dishonest and a downright robbery of the people. . Your paper of Monday last contained an account of some 1 Scotch estates that w ere offered for sale in the London market. ] take the follow ing extract from your report: — 'In re cipitulating the attractions of the Inver ness shire sporting estate of Glengloy, which is not very far from Fort Augustus, Mr Lumley said it possesssd neither tenants, paupers, nor crofters, but on the other hand it was well stocked with all kinds of game, and would afford constant sport to the lover of the rod and the gun.' So in this age of so-callad civilisa tion man must clear out that the lover of the rod and the gun may-obtain constant sport. Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay. Princes and lords may flourish or mav fade. A breath can make them, as a breath has made; But a bold peasantry, their country's pride, When once destroyed can never be supplied. Oh, spirit of Goldsmith, the landed magnates of the present day heed not your prophetic teachings -they are the gentry that prate about emigration and surplus population. The following pass age from ' Marley's Ghost,' by Charles Dickens, is about the best answer to those who advance the latter abominable theory I have ever read: — 'Man,' said the ghost, 'if man you be in heart, not adamant, forbear that wicked cant until you have discovered what the surplus is, and where it is. Will you decide what men shall live, what men shall die 1 It may be that, in the sight of heaven, you are more worthless and less fit to live than millions like this poor man's child. Oh God, to hear the insect on the leaf pro nouncing on the loo much life among his hungry brothers in the dust.' Sir, I firmly believe nationalisation of laud will yet become a reality, and gener ations yet unborn will venerate the names of such men as Henry George and Michael Davitt. — Yours, etc., Knockdinnon. July 30. 