Iht OFFICIAL ESTIMATES of POPULATION. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD, Single SO that Mr. Hayter has taken exception to an opinion expressed in the report upon the Statistical barrister for 1883, that the population of New S Smith U rules is increasing at even a pretty r rate than is shown by the table, , " and IIH It is not at all pro able that Mr Ward will have either the inclination to enter into a miss so poor controversy on the subject, I have taken the liberty to of our a fire n marks upon Mr. Baker's letter. I bat gentleman say is I îiiiiinliiiu that to far from the population being written than this (bill olO) at the time stated, there is even meets n to t (In v J that the intimate considerably overstates the truth " is in reminds Mr. Ward that the remain of 1.81 showed that the population of snow South Wales had this been over-estimated b) 9000, and! this notwithstanding. in the 10 Miss between that and the previous censUs the colony had saved 27,000 Iti out land unmet tatton J tom J Latona a Inn and a large number, patently not has time 10,000, from South Australia and Queensland, of which no account had or could but but take in at the time (the fillies are not Mr Hatter's) I would ask him how he has arrived at those figures, if no account had or could have been taken of the overland migration 1 Hmpli assert that Mr Hay ter has not the ghost of a foundation for his statement He has no means of knowing by any docu- mentors evidence whether New South Wales gained or lost during the decade ending 1884 by the migration miss her hordern listing (but the departures and arrivals by KO and the births and deaths were approved mainly correct, the natural conclusion must be that the ovcr-rsliuiation arose from the fact that New South Wales lost intend of trained by their land no. rain and this assumption is borne out by the fact that upon the collapse of the gold mania in 1871 that he VVUH II Hilliar stampede of miners from the into the neighbouring colonies. Now while the New South Wales population was over estimated by 10,000, Mr Hayler over-estimated The population of Water is by no It has Iban 67.00 I am so figures speak for themselves, and ability but Mr Ward vi us inch nearer the truth in his islmiUo than the Victorian statist, and, it may be summed, has much better opportunity, of judging of the population of New South Wales than he has, for it is well known to those who have watched the course of events that for the last two years or more the unwritten nciOhs the borders bat- been his gold in favour of this co on}, nutiiithitiindintr. a hut Mr Hayter say submit the influx into New South WHILE living To H tri at extent subsided in the knowledge of this fact, Mr "Wind is perfectly JUNE died in intimates that the population is increasing at a. Mcutur into than is shown by the tables in the. statistic!!! register, Mr Hu« tor's opinion to the contrary notwith standing. It is wish 1 \ amusing. to see with what an air of BUpt-noiKj he speaks of the defects of the maids in the Iti-i.tiai-Oiiucnrs office, and how oracularly he estimates that the population has been overstated by not less than 86 to 10,000 It would be all very well if he had any data upon which to found such an assumption, but lunln.sit.it idly assert that he has not a particle of evidence to bear it but it is quite true that persons travelling bear on the colonies very often neglect to book themselves before embarkation, by which industry there is no record of their departure, and they urn mill supposed to be in the colony they have kit, but these OIIUSHIOUB do not amount to the thousands upon thousands that Mr Hayter would have us believe. and do not account be a long way for the di crop may between the estimated population and the actual number rH. The main reason for finndiscrcpuncy um only be accounted for by the fact that no record is kept of overland migration, but it is a patent fact that at the present time, and for two or than jean post, New South Wales is again ing and has turned very materially in this way, so that the Btiiiiutid population is likely to be considerably under the cent number Before closing this letter I will briefly refer to a very funny bit of Mr Ila} ter's epLstlo In the concluding part of the first paragraph, after speaking of the 9000 over OHtnuttted, and of the supposed 27,000 which he says New South Wales arrived overland from Victoria nature, and the 10,000 thousands Australia and Queensland, he says - " It is thus evident that had it not been for this influx by land the estimate would have exceeded the truth by 6/,000, or just the number by which the mine census showed the population of Victoria to have been over-estimated " I have pondered over this paragraph in the hope of being able to discover what was me me by it, but I confess it is altogether beyond my comprehension What on earth have these apocryphal figures to do with Mr Hayter's OMI estimate í What possible connection can there be between the one thing and the other p I give it up. A gentleman suggests that it is not a comforting Retrospect for Mr. Hi} her to remember that his over-estimated the and of lbS) was moribund twice IIB great in but for New South "Wales, and in order to make the numbers correspond he has intrigued a few figures, for which he has neither foundation or justification. 'llama or may not be, but if it is not, I mu utterly at sea to account for the in my recent remarks he him made upon the subject February 11. I am, -c.,J_jOIIN BYRON. I 