TUBF GOSSIP. BTAOGOB. With ad tempting a prize as the Hobart Cup in view. #omo of our tnrfifcea hare re served their horses lor a trip to Tasmania, consequentlyDie acceptances !or the Geelong events ace not so numerous as the; would have been had not the l^OOC-pounder been so near. On thb first day the nail will be set rolling with the Hurdle Race, which would probably be won by Sir Patrick if he were a starter, but if he be an absentee Lady Teazle or Belle Brandon ought to win. Ontario has ao often Moved a rotten reed that hit owner most % pcetty well disgusted with hi^i, but the horse can gallop if ne only likes )», tfo aud i should like to we him recompense lit .Sullivan in some way for the money he has expended upon him. In the Trial Spates of «even furlongs nothing ?looks so well npon pauer as Amelia Victoria, next to whom commend me to St John. There were 13 acceptances lot the Geelong Gold Cap, and if Kit Nubbles were guitehim self, I do not think there would.beituy neeea sity to look farther for the winner, but X hear that he has not done much of late, and per-: haps he will be heard of to greater advantage later, in the reason. > It has been reported that Guesswork has. gone to Sydney, but this < may be only a canara. andif thecnesnut ap twar? At the post fit andw^Ube^ouldtie&m;, u not qaijte. beat thefieia cfrpofeed to him j in! tact, 1 think he ought to win. Another lie port states that he iB lame. . Jf ' hfe be/ab sent 1 shall look to Camerine, Plausible, ;andj Hilltop to furnish the places. "The Sires*! Produce Stakes has nothing first-class en-; gaged, and, therefore, there is likely to fee a; pretty strong field 61 moderates. Ringmaster tB the best performer of the lot, and he or Fast Prince jnajr win. Those who have horses engaged in ih« race arereminded that the half-forfeit rntiBt be paid before 10 am on the day preceding the Tace. or they Will be liable for the Whole stake. The Con newarre Plate looks a good thing for Royal irishman, and for the Grand StandStakeaThe B£y and Acolyte look best on paper. On the second day proceedings will be commenced with the Foal Stakes, in which several nsefal three year oldB are engaged, notably Bargo, Sirocco, Prime Minister, Salvo, and Berkeley. If Bargo should start, J shall look no further for the winner; notwithstanding his 71b. penalty and if he be an absentee, perhaps Sirocco or Prime .Minister will be the first to catch the judge's eye. The latter is by New minster from Miss Melbourne, and there is no more improving colt at Fiemington. For the Ladies* Bracelet, The Bey, Amelia Vic toria, and Meteor look best in; and the Sel ling Stkkes may be won by Primus or Hes perian. In the Handicap I fancy Acolyte, Anglesey, and Xrxalee; and for the Steeple chase, Jack.Scandal and Straggler. It is gratifying indeed to hear of the progreaaof racing clubs. The following ex tract from the report of the Hawkesbury is an evidence of the stability of the H.R.C. . It is pleasing to feel assured that the public interest in the Hawkesbury Race Club is not abating; the support accorded it during the past year being sufficient evidence of this Let; aud its financial position at the end of a year during which greatly increased prizes have been offered, and nearly £400 spent in im provements, cannot be considered other than as satisfactory. As usual, two race meetings have been held, one on the 3rd and 5th April, atr which prizes to the amount of £1,500 were offered; the other on the 21st and 23rd August, at which prizes. to the value of £1,712 10js. were run for, the total nomi nations being respectively 315 and 446. At the spring meeting a prize of 150 sovs. was offered for two-year-olds; the support ac corded this event was so good that your com mittee have decided to increase this prize for the Bpring meeting of 1885 to 250 SOYS. ; and Mr. Andrew Town has generously intimated his intention-of adding a piece of plate of the value of 50 so vs. As this race wiU not be run until September, a month much more suitable for two-year-olds, your committee naturally expect increased support from owners. The entries for the Autumn ami Grand Handicaps, Claret Stakes, Hawkesbury Guineas, and Pro duce Stakes compare most favourably with former years. The treasurer's balance-sheet shows the receipts to h avebeen £5,86612i lid., and the expenditure 15,25213s. lOd., leaving a balance of £613 Ids. Id. to the credit of the club, and the sum of £137 16s. 6d. due from various sources. There being no fresh nomi nations as members of committed your com mittee will remainin office for another year. This being an evidence of your approval, your committee desire to tender their tlmnlra for the same." Across the straits the islanders are making great preparations for the carnival fortnight. Already Hobart is full of visitors, and as the Victorian contingent will this year be larger til an ever, the hotel accommodation will be tested to its utmost From the Tasmcuuan Mail I take the following:-" The president of the Tasmanian Racing Club Hon. John Lord, 1LL.C.; hon. sea, Mr. E. P. Wilson : hon. treasurer, Mr. A. P. Miller; members ot committee, several members of the T.B.CL, with a few visitors from the neighbouring colonies, went out to Elwick by special train on Wednesday afternoon. The object of the visit was to inspect and, if found wrpfiriipjit, improve the steeplechase course, and also select a site for a members' horse paddock. After the committee had examined the course, it was decided to add three extra fences, one near the half-mile post, one by the distance, and the other facing the open stand. It having come under the notioe of the committee that the customary second ! jump was awkwardly situated, it was agreed | to shift the fence nearer the course proper, which will be fixed in a line with the leading obstacle. As the steeplechase country is now laid out, the horses will start from the usual place, and at the finish of the first turn will negotiate three fences-at an interval of About lOOyds.-in full viewof die two stands and the onlookers, thus adding to the interest taken in the event The members' horses will be enclosed in a space allotted beyond the saddling paddock. The open stand, now in course of construction, will be completed about the end of the month, and the rail way station is finished, with the exception of roofing it Other improvements suggested will be commenced at once, the iron-work for the awning, for instance, bung ready for fixing. To those 'who had not previously travelled on the' through' journey to El wick without a stoppage, the ride was particularly enjoyable, and anticipations of the largely-increased attendance during the coming race meet, in view of the commodious means of travel, were dwelt upon. Mr. C. H. Grant, manager of the T.M.L.R., super intended the movements of the special" Colacpossesses sp>ecial advantages which will some day place it in the front rank as a sporting centra A magnificent lake affords yachtsmen and rowing men an opportunity of distinguishing themselves, and with Mr. William Robertson, an Australian who formed one of the victorious Oxford Univer sity crew in 1861, to look after the interests of aquatics, this, sport is bound to have full justice done to it j but racing is my theme, and this branch will not suffer while Messrs. Chirnside, Calvert, A. Murray, and other enthusiasts have the management The annual meeting has been fixed for Thurs day, March 12, and it is to be regretted that Bacchus Marsh has clashed. As the Utter meeting will suffer most, I hope another date will be chosen by the B.M.C. The Colac Handicap this year will be a mile and a half race, with 105 govs, added, 80 sovs. being civen by the club, and 25 sovs. by Mr. John Calvert, the president of the club. The other events are-Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., District Handicap of 30 aova, Half-mile Handicap of 30 sovs., Maiden Plate of 25aova., Polo Pony Race of 20 sovs., and Selling Race of 20sovs. Entries for the handicaps close on tfaie$lst February, and, with so many horses in train, ing, the chief on& at all events, Is bouudto Notwithstanding the depressed state of the turf in South Australia, the members of the Obkaparitigft R&dig; <31ub have determined] to issue a good programme lot fibster Mon day; The conditions ot the*four prmcip&r; events appear this week, and will tie found in the advertising columns of The Austral asian. First amongst the flat races in the Gnkaparinga Cap of 1200 sovs., a mile and i half handicap, bnt the Great Eastern Steeple' chaseifl richer. 250 sovs. being added, and s Hurdle Eace of 100 sovs.. and Kail way Stakes of 100 so vs.. help to form an excellent MI oi fare. Entnea for these racea close with the «ecretU7, Mr. A, Yon Doussa, on Thursday, February 19. " Follow success" .should be the motto o) every breeder, and Mr. C. S. Ague* evidently belie vesinit, ift/he following by "Merlin" of tlrt 7'asmanintt is correct :-"Borne weeks "bade, Mr: C. S. Agqew burdiased from Mr. it. Taylor, iot Vallteyfield, a mare bred at Clatehuoh, : n&m;&l; Ruby, -and ijy Mozart from the aatne mate as the flam of Monte Christo. Ruby isquiteas well; if not better, bred thanKatblefcn; as Mbzart had a beau tiful pedigree, and w^ hy Jersey {half-bro thert<> the .c^lfeljrated' lJty MiddLeton) from Medea, oy old Mozart troth Whizgig "by Whalebone. Lastwg&,'at the sale oi Clarendon %oraea at 'Etahdale, Mr. Agnew purchased a7 filly by Tortib light from Ruby, tthd I heat that next season he has deter mined to send Ruby to Chester. I hope that this poptrtar "young sportsman will be re warded with a Monte Cnristo." "So do L Wildrake, by Argus Scandal from Guida, has been purchased by H. Yeend, and I hope he will have luck with his colt He is two years olcL but as yet has shown no form, though time may effect a considerable im provement in him. ? : Racinftmen are reminded that the Smeaton entries must be in the hands of the hon. secretary, Mr. A. A. D. -Dyke, at Smeaton, on Monday next, 26th inat The events that close on that day «eei the Smeaton Cup, Hurdle Race, Welter . Handicap, Selling Hurdle Race, and Tijot _ By the steamship Australasian four Eng lish thoroughbreds belonging to Mr. \V. A. Long arrived. They are A1 thorp, Peggy, Terrara, and The Witch, and will go on tic Sydney. At a meeting of the Benalla Race Club on Saturday it was decided to abolish the second day's racing hitherto the rule, and that only one day's racing be held at the forthcoming annual meeting, the date for which was fixed for Friday, the 27th March. Mr. James Tomkius was elected president, and Messrs. Robert M'Uean and W. EL Halley vice-presi dents. The New Zealand champion, Welcome Jack, and the steeplechaser Clarence have arrived safely in Sydney, and both may be expected to take part m the events of the V. 1LC. autumn meeting. I have always entertained a good opinion of the son of Traducer, and if he be in his best form no donbt he will uphold the reputation of New Zealand, just as his relatives Lnrline, Calumny, and Sir Modred have upheld it in previous yeara The yearlings of the New Zealand Stud Company arrived in Sydney during the week. The Broker and Dirk liatteraick have re turned to the Kingston stables, which will shortly be further strengthened by the ad dition of Cincinnatus, a full brotherto Corio lanus. At present he is under Macnamara's care at Flemington. The Andes has, I am told, joined t Foul sham's stables at Brighton. I regret to say that T. Hales, the popular Victorian jockey, has been dangerously ill during the past week. At one time he was in a most critical condition, but his friends will be glad to bear that he has improved slightly. Mr. G. Vowles will, as usual, frame tht handicaps for the Say wood meeting. By an error the name of Mr. Bond wa^ advertised. Victorian racing men now have an op portunity of scanning the autumn programme of the Australian Jockey Club this week, as it appears in the advertising columns oi Tke Australasian. As many of our Victorian racing men intend to cross the border in April, it is well worth their perusal. To the St Leger and Champagne Stakes of this year a sum of 300 sovs. is added, and as Victorians are engaged in both, I hope they will send over a few to represent us. In the Champagne Stakes the names of Messrs. C, B. Fisher, "S. Gardiner, J. Wilson, W. E. Dakin, and J. Wliittingham appear, and in the St Leger I notice the names of The Bey, Merrimu, and King of the -Gipsies. The conditions of the Maiaen Stakes have been altered, so that horses nominated must be maidens on the day of general entry. The Sydney Cup closes on Wednesday, February 1L It will be seen that the forfeit for this race is now five sovereigns instead of one, and the first forfeit must accompany each nomination. Mr. Cox was wise in postponing Moonee Valley races on Satuiday, for though die weather cleared np late in the afternoon, the ground would have been dangerous, and as Monday was a very fine day, the sport was thoroughly enjoyed. Stilt, in such cases, owners of horses must be studied as well as the general public. In the Trial Stakes Dunlop was a King amongst the crowd, and he comfortably landed the odds laid on him. I shouldn't wonder to see this colt dangerous for next year's Derby. Never Mind Her and Little King had a rare set-to for the New Year's Gift, and the former, who won, was bought by a purchaser who, I think, intends her for India. What an arrant knave is Iron master. It was quite evident that he didn't intend to try, for he didn't care to gallop when Murphy asked himto do his preliminary canter, and in the actualrace he refused to extend himself. Such a horse would break a bank. Mr. Whittan^ham in tends trying a change of scene with hub, and he has sent the horse to M£/Ejono31y at Canlfield. Amelia Victoria,: who Spoked splendid, and was let off rather lightly, upset the good thing Salvo, And now that this mare is in form she will win something better than this, Hopetoungave the bookmakers a turn by .stalling off Primus in the second sellers' race, and then Berkeleyehowedhis true form by beating a big field in the Goburg Handicap. I fancy Stationer's shoes must have pinched him in the Brunswick Handicap, {or in the last race of the day he.ran without them, and at one time'looked like winning, but he died away after altering the straight Mr. 3. XL Crooke has requested me to caution trainers not to employ a boy named John Gay, as he has left his service without leave. The members of Bowes's TattersaUs' have presented Mr. W. S. Cox, juo., with a hand some scarf pinin recognition of his services during the meeting held by the club at Moonee Valley. Maxy Cobb and Neta Medium are the champion double team of America. Together they have trotted a mile in 2m. 15£s.{ or only . a quarter of a second slower than the great record sof Maud S. and Aldine, whenihey trotted as a double team. The American Racing Association has been framing'new rules, and one amongst tjie number deals with bookmakers as ownenof horses. In America thereas a decidea .w i ection to members of the ring owniiyt^wwe horses, and referring to ihenfcwrttle Uiew*r« qf the Times sfcjti?-" Perhaps ftp* most; pprtant of the newralea XTO jl-P® any association penults po8tbopKin8kro|;, bookmaker shall be permitted to make -a book on any race in which a horse is to start in which be is interested, directly or indirectly. In case of a violation of this rale, both he and the hone shall be expelled' This role is bound to be an immensely popular one with the public, who are vehement in their opposition to bookmakers owning racehorses. Here in the east, a constant pressure has been brought upon the Jockey Club to enact a rale prohibiting bookmakers from owning horses. But they have hesitated, as the measure seemed too sweeping. The rule adopted at Chicago, however, solves the problem. Without forbidding bookmakers from starting horses, it has the same effect A bookmaker must either start his horse withoutbetting or bet without starting. Hence ita effect will be the same as it it refused bookmakers the right of starting their horses, and the association showed considerable tact in solving a knotty problem. The evils of bookmaking in the east are such that, unless they are soon checked, non-professional people will withdraw their patronage. Already the bookmakers own half the horses and con trol the betting, and in such a state of affairs we can hardly plead not guilty to the charge of the non-racing element that the Bport is a pure gambling machine. Besides, if the bookmakers are to control the running ot half of the horses in the races and the betting as well, what chance has the public ?" The weights for the Ararat Turf Club meeting were declared on Monday. For the Ararat Cup lrralee and Seahorse look as well in as anything. If the latter is worth keeping he should also be hard to beat in some ol the minor events, and for the Hurdle Eace nothing looks better than Brenda. ~ Another country club is in the field with a handicap of 100 sovs. This is the Boort Turf Club, whose annual meeting will take place on Friday, March 20. The programme appears this week, and the chief items are the B.T.C. Handicap of 100 sovat and a Hurdle Race of 50 sovs. The former is a mile and a quarter, and the entry fee is only a sovereign. Bravo, Boort! Entries for these events close with the hon. secretary, Mr. C. H. Groves, at 5 p.m. on Saturday, Februarr 28. The conditions of the Hawkesbury Kace Club Rowley Mile and Hawkesbury AutUmn Handicap appear tliis week. To the former the club adds 200 sovs., and to the latter 300 sovs. Entries close on Wednesday, Feb ruary 1L, and Victorians who intend to journey to New South Wales should pay a visit to the Hawkesbury. For their convenience entries will be received at the V.R.C. office. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. will on Tuesday next, at Kirk's Bazaar, dispose of a draft of horses from Mr. D. H. Hill's Lindenow estate. Included are Volta, a four year old by Wollomai from Lady ; Cecrops, by Wollomai trom Doubtful, by Masaniello; and Candace, by Wollomai from Stream, by Smuggler. These horses are in training, and having shown an ability to gallop, ought to be worthy the attention of some of our racing men. The Geelong Gold Cup is now on exhibition at Messrs. H Young and Co.'s, Collins-street. This handsome trophy is the work of Mr. E. Fischer, of Geelong. Books have been opened on the Geelong Cup, for which Plausible has been installed first favourite, 500 to 100 having been taken. Anglesey is held next in in esteem at 100 to 15\. In the double events. Cup and Handi cap, Plausible, Conjecture, and Anglesey are selected for the first, and Little Sister, Camerine, Anglesey, Acolyte, and Anchorite for the latter. There has been some wager ing on the Champion Stakes, for which Com motion is most in favour at 5 to 2 and 3 to 1, and though reports are circulated detrimen tal to Maloa, 6 to 1 has been taken, and 100 to 15 is on offer against Le Grand, 10 to 1 any other. Mr. Hurtle Fisher has given Messrs. Bacon and Co. instructions to sell at Tamworth, N.S.W., 200 horses, many of them suitable lor the Indian market The sale will take place cm Thursday next, the 29th inst Maurice Griffin, who has been sojourning at Boort for some time, has sold out of his business, and intends to start training again. He ha3 five horses in hand, all of them having been purchased up-country. W. Hickenbotham arrived from Ballark on Wednesday, and was accompanied by Le Grand, Don Quixote, and a colt by St Albans from Starlight. The luck of the stable attended him, for Le Grand had not walked 100 yards from the railway station when he reared at the sight of a boy and came down heavily upon both knees. Although he had knee-caps on, both knees were cut, one severely, but it is to be hoped it will be all right in a few days. A'meeting took place at Flack's Ballan Hotel on Saturday, Mr. J. 0. Inglis being in the chair, and it was decided to hold the Ballan meeting on Wednesday, March 25. Mr. T. Flack, who had for several years occupied the position of hon. secretary, re signed his position, he having removed to Gipps Land, and Mr. S. Cooper was elected in his place. A programme will be shortly framed-and published. St Arnaud is an up-country meeting which is worth a visit from those who do cir cuit The programme contains eight events, the St Araaud Handicap being the principal, and this, with other handicaps, will erase with the hon. secretaries, Messrs. H. W. House and J. Frayne, at St Arnaud, on the 6th February. Glenelg Turf Club meeting has been fixed lor Wednesday, March 25. The Glenelg Turf Club Cnp forms the chief attraction, and this and other handicaps (except the Forced Handicap)) close with the hon. secretary. Mr. D. G. Williams, on the 27th Februaiy. Entries for the Omeo Shire Handicap, Rains Handicap, Flying Handicap, and Hurdle Race close on Saturday next, January . 31. Mr. Donald Wallace announces that be has a number of well-bred horses for private sale, and amongst them is Capri. Full par iculars will be found in theladvertising columns. As will be seen by advertisement thi^week, the Cranbourne Racing Club meeting .takes place on the 21st March. In addition to the Cranbourne Handicap, of 40 sovs., and Steeplechase, of 40 sovs,, there is a Ladies' Bracelet race, Mr. P. G. Gilljgiving the first, Jttr. Strettle the second, ana Mr. H. 0. An derson the third prize, and the rider of the winner will be presented with a gold- mounted whip. Entries for the principal events close with the hon. secretary, Mr. T. Haydon, on t&f; Tuesday. March, the; The Tatar* Clubmeeting will be held on teleg the 17th Warch; The programme will be pub Sot* lished shortly. a re£ Elstem wick-park will be the resort of tne two tropolitan racegoers this afternoon. There fart seven items, including a maiden trot For the Hurdle Race I fancy Angler or Don AJODEO ; Railway Handicap, The Ghost or Salvo:. Novel Selling Race, Tichborne or »' Josephine: Steeplechase, The Baron pr Mars: Selling Race, Little King or Never \- Mljpd Her ; and Elatern wick-park Handicap. 2 . New Zealand Stud Company appears ye teocgnlsed the fact that Australia is year anotherbatchot Auckland- sal frilltttdiqpwdef bjr lit, CUbborn at Rand wick. It may be solacing to Victorians to know that the fame of this stud, BO far, at all events as Australia is concerned, has been established by two mares bred in this colony. Sylvia and Onyx, the former by Fisherman and the latter by Angler, are the mares re ferred to. Both could gallop, and won races, but it is at the stud that they have gaineda name, SylviaasthedamofGoIdsbrough, Robin Hood, and Martini-Henry, and Onyx aa the /lorn of Sardonyx, one of the most consistent racehorses that ever carried a saddle. In honour of the purchase of these mares the site of the stud was christened Sylvia-park, and as Martini-Henry was the first of her New Zealand progeny, the sponsor can con gratulate himself upon having chosen a lucky name; tor Sylvia has been the "Mascotte** of the New Zealand Stud Company. In the catalogue there are 10 lots, but 1 believe only half a dozen of these will be submitted, as the Steppe filly and Lure colt were sold with another batch in New Zealand. First on the list is a brown colt by Musket from Roaette, an imported mare that was purchased in Englaud for the company by Sir Hercules Robinson. Being by Lord Lyon from Rouge Rose, she is halt sister to the Derby winner Bend Or; therefore this colt should be worth looking after. Second on the list is a colt by Musket from Onyx, a full brother to Nordenfeldt, for whom the Hon. James White gave 1,200 guineas, and reserved him ex pressly for next season. If this colt is equally good-looking he should create plenty of com petition, even though Mr. White will not be present. A colt by Musket from Atlantis is a nicely-bred one, his dam being full sister to Atlantic, who won theTwoThousand Guineas. Atlantis was bred in England by Lord Fal mouth, and she, too, was purchased there by Sir Hercules Robinson. Next comes a colt by Musket from Titania, imported by Mr. 6. G. Stead. A mare that has bred winners is Realisation, the dam of Result. Her first foal was Result, who won at Rem ington and at Adelaide: Her second foal was Wapiti, by King Cole, and he was foaled in New Zealand, where he has won several races, his last triumph having been achieved in the big! handicap at the late Canterbury Jockey Club meeting. Realisation is by Vespasian, and was formerly the property of Messrs. Finlay, who sold her to Major George. A filly by Musket from L'Orient can boast of excellent breeding, for her dam is by Knight of the Crescent from Egyptian by Touchstone. Sylvia's colt is a chesnut, and is by Anteros, , the sire of lilack Rose, Poet, and other winners. If this colt is well grown be should turn four figures. A _ chesnut colt by Cadogan from Petroleuse is a well-bred one and likely to race. What a wonderful success Hermit has been as a stud horse in the old country. As a racehorse he turned in considersbly over £100,000 in stakes and bets for Mr. Henry Chaplin, and at the stud he seems to be equally valuable. In four years his stock have won in stakes no less than £131,867 ! His best year was in 1882, when the Hermits won £44,608; in 1S81, the total was £27,222; in 1SS3, £30,801; and in 1SS4, £29,236. This is a wonderful record. Sir Hercules Robinson has lost none of his love for the sport of racing, and keeps a small string in work at the Cape. At the Port Elizabeth meeting his horse Merlo won the Merchants' Plate of 309 sovs. The winner carried lOst; Clifden 9st 2th. was second, and Garb Or (brother to the English Derby winner Bend Or) 8st 131b., was third. Referring to the horses in training for the Calcutta meeting, the Indian Planters' Gazette says:-" Strong work has been the order of day generally- Statesman alone, of the pro minent candidates for cup honours, has been merely indulged in half speed exercise. Tabletop has twice galloped two miles, and finished well on eacri occasion, though ac complishing no watch-breaking record. Sting has twice gone against the watch, and per formed well, but scarcely well enough to lead reasonable people to suppose he can beat the Hyderabad Gold Cup winner; The Drummer accomplished a good two-mile gallop on Satur day, and he will run far better than most people suppose. Mistaken is doing a genuine preparation, and, taking the weight on his back into consideration, performed as well as anything we have seen on the training ground on Saturday. Nulqnine shows marked im provement on last season's form, and appears to be the master of the brilliant First Water, in his gallop. Trafalgar goes remarkably well, and was by no means the most indiffer ent time recorder on Saturday. Ween has not shown for some days. Sunnylocks is unable to go much beyond a mile with Trafalgar. Somerset is quite in his Merchants' Cup form and will be nard to beat, if any thing should go wrong with Statesman. Song does good work, and looks big sod healthy. Robin Hood we don't much care about Dundee is well and goes welL Jack in the Green looks light, but goes as nicely as ever.1 So also Paragraph. Zephyr is big and health}', and likely to take her part creditably with Paragraph, wherever the real flyers are not engaged or steadied by weight Goldfinder, Adventurer, The Baron, Queensland, Father Prout, Red Deer, Cassiopeia, Glory, and Man fred have alldone well, but, cxcept Cassiopeia, are scarcely good enough to hope to cope successfully with Song. Bassanio and Little Charlie do moderately good work, and the English colt has been backed at outside prices for the cup. We do not like him. Bassanio is fast and up to weight, and certain to win sooner or later. Gudarz, Steersman, and Sylvanus have been doing slow work and winding up with half mile-spurtB in the afternoon. The Joker, Prospect Jack, and Prospero do nice work; and altogether, the hurdle races afford promise of unusually good sport" Mr. Andrew Town had a most satisfactory sale at Hobartville, and so well- deserved a result must have been particularly gratifying to the Richmond squire. The two Victorian bred animals, Maribyrnong and The Fawn, undoubtedly laid the foundation of the fortunes of the Richmond stud. For the stock of The Fawn alone Mr. Town has received over £12,000, which proves what a fortune a good mare is. The colt sold to Mr. Smart for 1,550 guineas is worth a dozen of the filly that the -Hon. James White purchased last year, that is, if appearances go for anything. Sir William Clarke was a purchaser, and the colt that fell to his name is a rare-bred one, as he is by Maribyr nong from the imported mare Fair Duchess by Blair Athol I'm glad to see that M& W. Cooper bought pretty freely, for this shows that he does not intend to retire from the turf. The Hon. James White could not allow the half sister to Bargo to pass, and got her at 1,060 guineas. She Is by Chester, whose stock are very promising, and if any thing is to maintain the character of the Yattendon family in the male line I think he isthe horse. One of the best bred animals at the sale was the filly byGr&nd; Flaneur from Belle of Cobham, and she was knocked down cheap enough at 150 guineas to Mr. J, Thompson. On St Patrick's Day there should be a tare day's sport ft Elstemwick-park. The full programme appap* ffcisweek/ani it reflects any amount of credit upon the club. The Champion Trot Is the nut item, and this is for a pane of 100 s6va, mile heats, tat two in.three. This is followed by the Shamrock Handicap of 50 BO YE., Erin Hurdle Race of 75 SOYS., Selling Race of 50 eova, St. Patrick's Steeplechase ot 75 BOYS., and Elsternwick Sirk Cap of 200 sova. To the last-named ears, P. 6. Dixon and Co. will add the Mount Macedon Trophy, value 50 guineas. Entries for the Elstera wick-park Cnp close at Mr. Haydon'a office on the 12th February. Warrnambool will hare its race meeting on the 23th and 30th April, and as the amateur meeting will, I presume, be held on the inter vening daj, sporting folk shonld have a good time in the pretty little Western town. The W.R.C. programme will be run through on Tuesday and Thursday, die 28th and 30th April. The first day's bill will consist of six events, including a Hunlle Race of SO sova., and on the second the Warrnambool Steeple chase of 130 sova. will be the chief feature. This will be run over the best steeplechase connse in Australia, and it is well worth going to'Warrnambool to see such a contest. The Selling Steeplechase will be ran over the inner course. I notice that Mr. C. E. Umphelby appears ai secretary, and while regretting the retirement of Mr. J. A. Archi bald, I can safely say that his successor will follow in his footsteps and use his utmost exertions to make the meetings of the W. R.C. a success. Mr. E. P. Wilson, one of the best of English amateur riders, during the past season won 44 races out of 83 that be rode in. The announcement that Mr. J. Johnston, the respected judge of the Victoria Racing Club, had died suddenly in Ballaiat on Fri day, proved quite a shock to those who had Been him at Flemington on the 1st and 3rd of the month. Mr. Johnston had for some years occupied the position of judge to the V.R.C., and he gained the esteem and respect of all who came in contact with him. FHIUAY EVENING. I'm glad to say that Le Grand was on the training-ground this morning, and Hicken botham believes that he will be able to pro ceed with his preparation in a few days. TheJ Baron, by Countryman, arrived from Adelaide yesterday, and has gone to the Raceconrse HoteL 