ADDRESS TO THE CLERGY AND RECEPTION BY THE PRIMATE. -. The Right Rev Dr. Barry, Primate of Australia and Bishop of Sydney, delivered a charge to the clergy of-the'Church of England at St. David's Cathedral yesterday morning. Prior to the address Holy Communion was celebrated by the Primate, assisted by Bishop Sandford. The epistle was read by Archdeacon Davenport, and the Gospel by the Rev. Canon Bailey. There were upwards of 40 communicants, including nearly all the clergy in the Southern arch- deaconry. At the conclusion of the service the hymn, " The Church's one foundation," was sung, and the primate proceeded to address the clergy. A number of the laity were also present in the Cathedral. Dr. BARRY, who spoke for upwards of three-quarters of an hour, prefaced his remarks by stating that he would not deal with details of pastoral work, which belonged properly to their Bishop alone, but with the larger relations of the church with the world at large, and its attitude towards error and unbelief. He took the opportunity, however, of telling them how great an interest he felt in the progress of the ohm oh in this colony, and how thankful he would be if he could so use his office as to strengthen the timor spiritual unity which at the present moment was, perhaps, one of their chief needs. Referring to the opposition which the Church of Christ had now to meet, he said it concerned the absolute existence of Christianity. It was a battle of first prin- ciples ; but the great hindrance to Christian fault lay not so much in positive substitutes for Christianity as in the wide-spread so quiescence in what is called in our day agnosticism. He proceeded to deal with this "Negation of Christ," and with its visible off-shoots, the worship of nature, and the worship of humanity. He doubted whether anyone could be perfectly satisfied with the worship of nature, or find rest in that of humanity. It was his opinion that agnosticism was to be fought by the church, not by direct attack, but by manifesting the living power of the Christian faith, and as ministers of the Church of Christ it was their duty to rise against the lethargic indifference to religion that, in the guise of this negation, was spreading itself over the world. The first thing was to bring out in man a thirst for God, and, without under- valuing Christian evidence, he placed far greater confidence in the manifestation of the living power of Christianity and a( adapt- ability to all the needs of human life, As witnesses for Christ it was the duty of ministers to teach the Gospel, and he thought they often had very little conception how much even the rudiments of the Gospel were needed by the people. They could not realise how much scepticism was born of ignorance of what Christianity really was in its utmost essence. There was need also for a fuller comprehension of the Scriptures as a whole. He urged on the clergy the necessity of greater study, not alone in theology, but in general knowledge, for there was literally no kind of knowledge that did not hear upon the work they had to do. To preach without thinking their best was a sin against their brethren and against God. There was need of greater attention to the moral well-being of the community, and this was more particularly the case in those colonies, where the material foundation had already been laid so well. It was " righteousness that exalteth a nation, and sin was not only a reproach, but the man of mankind. Christianity must show its power toconqucrBÍn,and to lend to a higher life. For the ministers themselves, it was not sufficient that they should preserve themselves from positive sin ; they must endeavour to attain something of the heavenly life, and rise above the petty jealousies of the world. With respect to teaching, there were two modes of carrying it out-the direct, forcible dealing with special sins and duties, and the pointing to a higher life of faith and love. They should also aim at promoting a higher ideal of church worship. He believed that if this spirit pervaded the church there would be a gradual welding together of the Church of Christ. At the present time there were many sections of the church amongst whom there were no fundamental differences of opinion, but whose isolation from each other, particularly in these colonies, tended greatly to hinder the extension of the Gospel. The address was listened to with great attention by the clergy present, whom it can- not but stimulate to greater efforts in their work. Another hymn was sung, and the proceedings closed with the benediction. RECEPTION. At a quarter past 4 o'clock the Primate held a reception in the St. David's Harrington-street Public School. The Right Rev. Dr. Barry was attended by Dr. Sandford, Bishop of Tasmania, Canon Bailey, and Rev. Mr. Woollnough. The company began to assemble prompt to time, and each one was introduced to the Primate by the Bishop of Tasmania, Among the gentlemen presented wore the Acting-Chief Justice (Mr. Dobson), Mr Justice Rogers, the Attorney-General (Mr. Dodds), the Treasurer (Mr- Burgess), the Solicitor-General (Mr. R. P. Adams), the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr. George Adams), the Church Advocate (Mr. Alfred Dobson), His Worship the Mayor of Hobart (Mr. J. G. Davies, M.H.A.), Messrs. W. Tarleton, P.M., Bernard Shaw, C. Butler, E. C. No well, John Hamilton, R. J. Lucas, Newman, Wilson, W. C. Sharland (New Norfolk), T. Westbrook, 13. T. Solly, Albert Reid, C. Elliston, li. Ellis. The following clergymen were also present Archdeacon Davenport, Canon Banks-Smith, Mason, and Bailey, Revs. Messrs. Hancock, Stevenson, Finnis, Gray, Wilson, Tarleton, Murray, Woollnough, Brammall, Martin, Shoobridge, Hugill, Man Do well, Bourdillon, Wilmer, Wlmll, Fookes, Babington, J. Buckland, etc. At the close of the ceremony The BISHOP, addressing the Primate, said that in anticipation of his arrival in Tasmania arrangements were made to present an address of welcome. That address he put into his hands, but the present opportunity was too favourable to pass by without reading, it, and also to allow him an opportunity of replying to it in person!' He was only anxious to say, and he knEW he speaking for the whole church people in the community' that they had derived the very greatest pleasure and gratification from this early visit of the Primate to this diocese. Archdeacon DAVENPORT then read the address as follows: MY CODD-In our- own name, and in that of the clergy and laity of the diocese of Tasmania, we beg to tender to your Lordship a very sincere and cordial welcome on this, your first visit, to our colony. We are happy to have the opportunity of assuring you, in portion, of the deep thankfulness and satisfaction with which we regard your Lordship's relation to us as our Primate, and the official head in those colonies of the church to which we belong. Your presence amongst us will help to make more clear, and more sensibly felt, the existence in complete and proper ecclesiastical organisation of a true and living branch of the one Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church of Christ in those distant parts of Her Majesty's dominions ; a branch which, because it possesses this character, and holds the one Faith " whole and un defined," and maintains the discipline and ministers the sacraments instituted and ordained by the Lord Jesus Christ himself, is the eton) necessarily and independently of circumstance or legislation, in full spiritual communion with the Church of England, and with all other churches adhering to even gelical truth and apostolic order throughout the world. In our comparative isolation as a single and insulated diocese it is no small blessing and advantage to have this sensible witness and remembrance vouchsafed to us by the mercy and goodness of God, that " we are very members incorporate in the mystical body of His Son, which is the blessed company of all faithful people," and are par takers together of the Grace and Life by which it is quickened and sanctified through the power of God, the Holy Ghost. Woavow to you as our Chief Pastor and Ruler in the Lord the earnest desire and resolution In which our brethren, both clergy and laity, and wo shave, and are united with one heart' and soul, to be faithful and true, through the help of God, to the principles and profession, of our fellowship, together with you, in the Gospel and kingdom of His dear Son, our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, according as we have received them from our forefathers in, the faith, and from the purest times of Primitive Christianity. May we add the ex- pression of our happiness at your coming amongst us, on personal grounds? Wohailod, with gratitude to the good Providence of God, your, Lordship's appointment and your entrance upon the duties of your high and holy office. It has brought to us hope and confidence and strength, and the assurance of great benefit to be derived from your rule and guidance. Your great attainments as a theologian and a scholar, and the example of your self- denying devotion to duty, will in lliionccand elevate the whole tone of life and work in, every part of your widely extended charge, and be an incentive and encourage moral to all of us. We pray God to bless your Lordship, and to grant that we know to be your own heart's desire in seeing the work prosper in your hands, and availing over more and more to the setting forth of His great glory, and the fulfilling of the pur- pose! of His love in the salvation of all men, through Jesus Christ. My Lord, we trust that your visit to Tasmania will be agreeable and' beneficial to Your Lordship and to Mrs. Barry and your family whom we beg to include in the welcome we offer to you. We hope that the amenity and beauties of, the island, and the cordiality and good will, with which we are sure the whole community greets your happy arrival, may ensure this being only the first of many visits you will all feel inclined to pay our colony. The PRIMATE, in reply, and he need hardly say with how much gratification he received the kindly expressions of goodwill and sympathy not only, towards himself, but also to those who were dearer to him than himself, With regard to the personal ex- sessions of the address, they would excuse dm if he passed them by with brief but hearty acknowledgments. They had said of him for more than he could hold to be true, because as we grow older all knowledge we can hold shows more clearly our own ignorance j and whatever work was done only brought out our own human weaknesses and in duced tenderers for the strength made perfect in weakness.", He would therefore pass on to that portion of the address which referred to the office to which he had been called. The Primacy was the representation, or perhaps the representative, of what might be called intercolonial unity between the dioceses of our Church in Australia. Perhaps it was not the first time in the history of the world that the Church was able to take the initiative in a direction in which the civil community were more slow to follow. The historian of Anglo-Saxon times told them that one great influence which united but divided the kingdoms of the Heptarchy was the unity between the various kingdoms represented in the councils of the church. The historian, perhaps of the future, might have to tell that the great lines of certain plans formed for intercolonial federation had a strong resemblance it might be design or It might be a coin- cidence to the lines on which the General Synod of the Church of England in Australia was constituted. With regard to this unity in its first aspect, it might be said first to yield to the various dioceses great encouragement from a sense of a common fellowship between branches of the church, each having its own characteristics, which yet were compatible with the inner unity, underlying them all. That relation was expressed in the quotation so familiar as to be almost hackneyed, yet too apposite to be passed by facies non omnibus una, Noc diverge lemon ocUr. Out of that sense of fellowship there could not fail to result mutual help and common sympathy. Next, perhaps, as the result of this ecclesiastical unity, they might place a certain largeness of conception and unselfishness of aim. In spiritual life the more that self can be merged in unity with others the better it was for the truth of their own faith, and the progress of Christianity. Tureindividiialism couldnotropro sent adequately the religion of Christ. Simple Congregationalism or parochialism was unworthy of the right conception of the great unity. so even in regard to dioceses, limitation to their own interests, their own methods of thinking, their own special work, is a hindrance to the realisation of true catholicity of idea. And besides this influence it might perhaps be added that the sense of centre of this great unity is Christ himself that the power to enter into that unity, to bring each soul, each parish, each diocese into closer relation to the one great head. As the sense of union with Him tended to the conception of Christian brotherhood, so too every sense of that brotherhood reacted upon the inner union with Christ himself. Now of this unity of which he had, spoken and to the results which might follow from it. he was aware that the General Synod was the real effective power, and that the Primate was little more than a visible representative. He had been engaged since his arrival in Australia in endeavouring to discover what was actually the power attached to the office of the Metropolitan New South Wales, and the higher office of the Primacy of Australia. In that investigation he had failed to discover any tangible and legal power, but he hoped that the General Synod would exercise the func- tion that belonged to it in determining there; after what form such power should take, But, in the meanwhile, he believed that the primacy might have in lieu of power a direct moral influences victories, to use an old Latin phrase, instead of a porcelain, And so bad even already thought the influence of a Frimley was always greater in proportion as it grasped less at the authoritative direction, and was content to vindicate itself by services of practical usefulness. The Bishop had saidsomothlngof grntitudctohim for the early visit which he had paid to Tasmania, but he was inclined to think that the obligation lay the other way. Most Sydney people feel that while its climate was delightful in whiter, and pleasant in spring and autumn, yet its Summer, at least to the European constitu- tion, was not otherwise than trying, and accordingly they delighted in taking refuge in Hobart They enjoyed its fresh air, its beautiful scenery, and last but not least, that homelike aspect which by common consent it was known to possess. Again and again in visiting the neighbourhood, or sailing in the harbour, one could almost fancy one's self again transferred to the old familiar scenes in England or Scotland. And it was known moreover that the people of Hobart wore famous for their kindness to strangers, and made those who came among them feel themselves at home, and so that they were no strangers among them. If this was so with ordinary visitors, how much more with one who had received so kindly a welcome in itself, crowning many experiences of private and personal kindnesses, The address; be observed, contained kindly wishes for the happiness of himself and of those who were dear to him. But he need hardly remind them that happiness was it thing which, if conscientiously Bought for, could never be attained. Of such happiness as this world could give there were but two elements-of sense of service done by God's grace to Him and to our fellow man, and to the sense of rest in Him, interpenetrating the work here, and a foretaste of Sabbath-keeping remaining for the people of God. It was in that sense time he understood their kind wishes of happiness ; it was in that sense he heartily reciprocated them. He urged the wish for the true progress of the Church in Tasmania. Progress in the Church of Christ, like every national growth, was attending work. Whatever was done to-day was only a stopping stone to the achievements of to morrow. Each generation had to build up a portion of the great fabric su Bicton t for its own wants at the time, and providing for the growth of the future. Of that principle their beautiful cathedral was a representative. Wisely it had been determined to build a portion of a great design and to leave its completion for the greater resources of the future. Now he trusted that that future if it had not come was at least near at hand. Beautiful as their cathedral was, its design was at present mutilated, and he could not help hoping that this mutilation would soon be a thing of the past. It concerned the honour of the church- men of Hobart to take-up now the work which their predecessors had begun. ThoBishophad been so good as to ask him to return speedily, but he thought that he would not come until he was asked to take part in the in- augural services of the completed cathedral, and he trusted that to make this condition would not to be to have to wait very long for the pleasure of another visit to Hobart, But it, however, represented the progress of the Church, which he so earnestly desired, was one which implied an extension in width, breadth, depth, and in height. - In, width of scope and operation, by the occupation of new ground, following up in the name of Christ the progress of the great unity. In depth, by exercising more and more sympathy and pervading influence over the whole life of the individual man and of the whole of the community. In height, by using continually more to the high ideal set before them the ideal to every individual Christian' was likeness to Christ; the ideal for the life of the church was the t consummation of that church, which has no spot or wrinkle, nor any such thing. To have a high ideal was the condition of all noble life, and, perhaps in all colonial life there was no IOSBOII which they had more need to learn than the refusal to accept lower ideals, and resolutions would arise, so far as human weakness would allow to the only true ideal the reproduction of the life of Christ, as the inspiration alike- of individual Christianity and the corporate being of the Christian Church. The proceedings then terminated. A 