Flotsam and Jetsam. The Three Humpbacks. AN ARABIAN STORY. (Translated from the French by E.J. DE B.for the Queenslander.) A CUTLER of Mossoul had three sons, all three deformed of the same shoulder, blind in the same eye, lame of the same leg, and so alike in body and features that it was impossible to distinguish one from the or her. Three Mossoul aien are not born thus ill shaped not to be destined to adventures. These were theirs; and may Allah grant that the story-teller narrate them as be should. Our three mannikins were the laughing stock of the town children, who never pawed their workshop without jeering at thorn. One day, some urchin having gone too far in his railleries, the eldest of the humpbacks became exasperated; he seized a knife and pursued the mocker, whom he grievously wounded. This done, he hurried back to his The wounded lad was son to some person of consequence; the affair caused a great noise. The cadi took it in hand, and, accompanied by the police, called at the residence of the three hampbacks. "Which of you struck the blow?" he demanded* "Not I," said the first; "but, as to tell which of my two brothers is guilty, they are so alike that I could not." The second gave the same answer. The third, who was the culprit, thought the answer a very good one and invented no other. Thus was the cadi perplexed. This was a deed deserving capital punishment; but how was he to condemn two innocents in order to reach the criminal? Ho resolved to banish them all three. They obeyed the sentence. But wherever the trio was seen the crowd laughed im measurably. All mocked and none pitied the exiles. They found it impossible to earn their livelihood. " Let us separate," said Barbekan, who was the eldest. "Alone we shall attract less attention." He then went to Bagdad, where he applied to a cutler, who admitted him as an apprentice, and who soon so appreciated his worth that he took him into partnership. Some timo passed, and the cutler died, leaving a widow. Whether because this woman was accustomed to the ugliness of the humpback, or that she understood that the fortuno of the establishment depended upon the skill of its foreman, and that without him it would have fallen away, sho offered him marriage, which he accepted. From that day, as to her business concerns, the widow had but cause to praise herself. In a conjugal point of view, could she do so ? Humpbacks bear a bad reputation ; her second husband Could not belie the observation. However, the houso prospered, and its fame was carried throughout Persia. Tho two brothers heard of it on the frontier, where they woro living miserably. •^Our brother will at least give us work," Kud they; " let us go to him." But as soon as Barbekan from the threshold of his house perceived them at a distance ho becamo furious. "Do you want to ruin me ?' cried he. " Run away hence as fast as you can ; let no one see you here, or I will inform the police, and by means of my influence cause you to be pursued by men with cudgels. You are poor; well, I have a tender heart; here is a purso for each of you. Away, hide in tho suburbs, and let to-morrow* sun sec you far from Bagdad." With a heavy heart, but otherwise content with the pursea received from their brother, they hastened to obey. But their ill-fate would that the fatigue of tho journey, tho emotion of their reception, caused their illness. Both, each in turn, were confined to bed ; their brother's money became rapidly exhausted under these circum stances. When their pur«ca were empty, their interested host turned them out of doors. In their extremity they resolved to return to Barbekan. They were this time admitted by his wife. It must be confessed that there was somn good in the woman, and that she had leproached her husband with his harshness. "They are your brothers, after all," she had said, " and, if they had spoken to me, I could never have had it in my heart to turn them away in that manner; they would have found a shelter, a place at the table and in my affec tions." " I advise you to do so," exclaimed the humpback, " and my arm will deal with you; I will leave you dead under my cudgel!" The emotion of the woman at the sight of her brothers-in-law may well be imagined. What was to be done ? Her kind heart gained the victory. Her husband, as it conveniently happened, had gone to Bassora, where the cares of business had called him; she thought she had time to decide. Alas! while she was serving supper, Barbekan appeared at the end of the street; she had barely time to conceal them in the cellar and remove traces of a meal. Night wore on, and the next day also, with out the dame being able, without awaking Barbekan's suspicions, to carry any food to her brothers-in-law. In the evening only the husband leaves the house, tolling nis wife he goes out to sup with a friend. The kind-hearted woman hastened to the cellar. Here begins the memorable adventure of oar three heroes. Mercy ! The two brothers are lying at full length on the floor between two casks. They give no sign of life; they are dead 1 Being a quick-witted woman, the cutler's wife soon makes up her mind. Am they are dead, nothing remains for her to do but to havo their bodies removed before her husband's return. She, then, ran to the other end of the town and sought a porter whom she knew to be simple minded. " A terrible accident befel me!" cried she, "a little humpbacked man fell dead while bartering in my shop ; I fear some trouble on his account. Come with a sack, and rid me at once of this embarrasing body by throwing it into the river. Hero are two golden pieces, and I will give you more when the deed is done." The precaution was good. Whom may one trust ? Idiots are often cunning. There were also two humpbacks to get rid of. The lady was sharp and had her plan. The large sum did wonders. Without further explanation, the porter slipped the body of the first brother-in-law into his sack, took up his load, and, after having thrown it into the river, returned to the house of the cutler's wife in order to draw his wages, as has been agreed. "Look here !" exclaimed the woman, " what is this fraud? you feign to take up a dead body, leave it here, and then come to claim what you have not earned!" " How is this ? do I not return this moment from throwing your ugly humpback into the river!" " What then is this?" said the woman, who had dragged the porter into the cellar, and stood before the body of the second brother-in-law. "Be quick, this time; play no more tricks,but earn your money." In the face of such strong evidence AH, the porter, surrenders; a second time he stuffs his sack with a dead man, and. emptying it into the river from the height of the middle arch of the bridge, he for a long while contemplates the eddy, and when the troubled water bas subsided he soliloquises thus: " Now I am sure of the fact, and in future the wretched dead will not leave the abode of fishes." Meanwhile Barbekan was returning home to his supper. Our porter met him on the road. Stupefied, he stopped short, leaned to the right, stepped to the left, shaded his ej «s with his hana in order to see him better. " This is too much!" cried he. " Here is this wretched humpback returning to the cutler's to cheat me I It is he, right enough: there are no two monkeys like this. Besides, let no witchcraft save him; I will not allow it. Till now I emptied my sack, but still had him. This time both, one containing the other, will go into the river." This said, Ali springs at his ghost, and in spite of his resistance properly bags him. " You may hollo " said ho; " kick as much as you like; I shall not be your dupe." This time, our man, his burden being thrown over the bridge, took no care of the disturbed water, but hastened to the cutler's wife. "Madam," said he almost put of breath, " now give me the money ; it is well earned. Only imagine, the wicked humpback after his second plunge was yet running this way. A little later you would have shown me him lying prostrate between the casks, but I have stopped nis race. I tied him into tho sack, and he will be a clever wizard if he comes out." " Wretch !" exclaimed the woman—who, at this recital understood that her husband, in all respects like the other humpbacks, his brothers, gave reason to the deplorable mistake of the portor—" wretch 1 It is my husband you havo drowned. I will inform against you." 11 Your husband! What ailsyou ? What arc you trying to rnako me bolieve ? It is a hump back I have put into tho sack." "Exactly, you executioner; it is my poor Barbekan." "Do you hear what is said ? It is the same humpback that you gave me, and who once already came out of the river to return here. For a proof—l remarked it well —he carried his hump on the left shoulder, was lame of the right leg. Was ho humpbacked on this side, your husband, and lame on that other ?" " Alas! Yes, you murderer; he was thus afflicted. Oh ! My dear, my dear husband, you shall be avenged." ••Was he blind, peradventure, this pretty husband of yours, as by the light of the moon I noticed that my sorcerer was Wind too ?" " Alas! Nature, like a step-mother, spared him not, and it is he, my sweot lord, such an excellent workman, who earned so much money, and whom you have murdered, you wretch ! But Justice will punish you for your crime; come, I arrest you, come at once to tho Court of Justice." " Oh ! woman," said Ali, " you are cunning, but I see your game; you wish to cheat mo! Hold ! yoii must first pay me my golden pieces; we can explain beforo the Judge afterwards. I, also, will not let you go." «-,..., But the dame cried so loud " Thief I murderer!" that the neighbours hastened to tho scene carrying pitchforks. The porter, fearing a sevoro handling, gave a violent shake, released himself, and took to his heels. Meanwhile, the Sultun, who was continuing the translation of Haroun-el-Hashid, from whom he wjih a descendant, was walking in incognito through the town with his vizier, ami interrogating a poor fisherman, who, with a load of nets, was trudging towards the river. " Alas !" answered this man, " life is difficult to sustain; the fish one catches cannot always be sold." " Well," aaid the Sultan, " whatever may be the result of your first throw, I will buy it, if you like." Too happy with his good fortune, the fisher man accepted; he got into the boat, and the bultan and his vizier followed him. The net was cast; when the time came to draw it in, it was found so heavy that all had to lend a hand. They drew it ashore. What marine monsters have entered the river and within the net? Speechless surprise! there are three deformed bodies; tho third has to be taken out of a sack. What adventure is this? Evidently there has been a crime; it must be looked into and discovered. For this purpose, let the corpses be taken where the prosecution and inquiry will be held. The fisherman, the vizier, and the monarch himself, each took up a corpse on his shoulder and walked on. At this moment, All, fleeing, ran across the group. "Whoever you are," cried the Sultan to him, "stop and take up this burden." A glanco sufficed the porter to recognise the humpback, his humpback,for the third time come out of the water. What will happen to him ? He has a good mind to run away, but he is terrified, and tremblingly he obeys tho Sultan, who orders him to follow the vizior and the fisherman, who arc in advance. What is the terror of AH when he passes the secret door of the serai 1 and lays his burden alongside of the other two, both alike, lying on the marble floor of a lighted hall! He understands he is before the Sultan, that the eye of Justice is on him, that there are three corpses also; in his mind they are the same corpse multiplied, but which, however, correspond to the three journeys he made to the river. The two first bodies were dead when they wore given to him—he can only be taken as an accomplice in the affair; but the third one was alive when he threw him into tho river—for this one he ia a criminal. This AH was a simple-minded man, who believed in goblins. " Mahomet, prophet of Allah!" exclaimed he, "Am I, then, a murderer as the cutler's wife said, and can I find mercy ?" These words which escaped him revealed to the Sultan and his vizier that he had played a part in the mystorious adventure. Pressed by this great prince and his minister, the porter narrates the whole affair, which does not seem very clear to those who listen to him. "You pretend to have thrice thrown the same man into the river: twice dead and once alive; nevertheless, here are three corpses; how do you explain this?" "The Djihns, my lord, witches, sorcerers." " Magic, indeed, soems alone capable of pro ducing three copies so alike unto each other, and also alone to have conceived and created them so deformed. Our reason, however, demands another explanation. It is a cutler's wife, said you, who has sought you, who paid you, and whom you have obeyed ? On this in stant," said the Sultan in a tone which gave an idea of the severity of his justice and made poor Ali tremble, " we will order the woman hither." As the Sultan was about to issue the order, one of the bodies gave signs of life. Quickly cordials were administered; they endeavoured to make the others also take some. This was the idea of the vizier; it nucceeded, and soon the three bodies sat up. Their astonish merit was great in finding themselves side by side. " What! my brother! my brother ! my brother!" murmured they together. " Where are we?" N>ver in his life had the Sultan seen such monkeys. "Oh !" cried he, losing his stern look, "we have no longer dead men; the business will prove but pleasant, and here is something that may amuse us. Let us wait till to-morrow. Till then let the resurrected fellows take some rest in separate apartments; let the porter and the fisherman be kept also in the palace; they may be required as witnesses." Next day, the woman, in great fear, appears before the Sultan and falls at his feet, crying: "Sir, the evil fate did it all. If I was Builty, it was on losing my presence of mind at le sight of the bodies of ray brothers-in-law lying inanimate. My husband is not wicked, but his first impulse is brutal; he forbade me to receive his brothers ; he had driven them away from his house; I have been beaten for disobeying on some occasions; alas! poor dear husband, I am the cause of your death cause, it is true, but very involuntary. I will never forgive myself for this. My lord, to executo my plan. I needed an idiot, who could believe that by witchcraft one dead thrown into the river would return to the house ; I was only too successful. When meeting my husband on the road credulous Ali, who thought ho had already been a victim of the malice of a body possessed by the djihns, believed that the trick was ronewed at his expense. Alas! alas! nil appearances contributed to deceive him. Sire, tho caprice of Naturo made the thrco brothers of such a fashion that, from whatever side ono looked at them, no one could find a difference in them; at work only one might recogniso them; my Barbekan was the most expert cutler, to bo met. Ah !my life will not be long enough to mourn for him." "In spite of his deformities this woman sincerely loved her husband," said, sotto voce to bis vizier, the Sultan, who was astonished. " He used to beat hor," answered for all ex planation the vizior, who waa a philosopher. "Heis a brute and heartless, continued tho Sultan. " Rich, he repulsed his brothers who were poor; I will not forget this. Is it not a story invented for the occasion? How can I believe three men to be so exactly alike that even the eyes of people living near them can be deceived T "They are so much so," answered the woman, " that if they were dressed in similar clothes I could not distinguish thorn." " Indeed !" cried the Sultan; " this would be pleasant." He made signs to one of hia officers, who for a moment left the room. On his return, he clapped his hands, and three doors were thrown open, at each or which appearpd one of tho three humpbacks dressed in a similar robe. " Keep silence !" was the order given them by the vizior ; "and you, woman, which is your husband?" . . The woman in her great surprise exclaimed : "Prophet of Allah ! Here they ure all throe ! how can it be? Not only LfKo I soon them lyiii^ stretched dead in my cellar, but, more over, they are not drowned !" The fact was that, not having had anything to eat for twenty-four hours, the two brothers had tried to cheat hunger by drinking their full from the casks, and very soon had fallen dead drunk. As for their stay in the water, from which they had been saved at the very pick of time, they had not been long enough in that element to cause a complete nunocation. Barbekan, the laat thrown in, was the first to recover. " Now, madam," said the Sultan, " point out your husband.' The woman, in great perplexity, stared at each humpback and answered in despair : " Truly, my lord, I cannot do it." "Well," said the Sultan, "let the one who is your husband come forward and kin you." Unexpected spectacle! the three humpbacks ran forward to embrace the dame. " Oh ! oh !" cried the Sultan to his courtiers, who were also laughing at the scene presented by the eagerness of those three, limping and with stretched necks and pouting lips, around the cutler's wife, who modestly was defending herself with her elbows. " I understand the two younger brothers' intention of giving a lesson to their elder ; he refused to recognise them as brothers, and he will not be recognised as a husband. But stop their ardour, vizier. Hallo, my masters!" continued he, " I merely want to recognise the husband in order to inflict on him 100 lashes on the sole of his feet, as a punishment for his conduct toward* his brothers. Let the latter retire." All three retired to th<» end of tho hall, Bar* bekan with the others, but with a fear of tho lashes so ill dissimulated that the assembly was again convulsed with laughter, and had no difficulty in divining his identity. " Surely," said the vizier, " this is the cul prit." "It is useless," added the Sultan, "to ask tho interested parties to confirm it; the woman will keep silent from love, and the brothers will hold thoir peaco for mercy's sake. Let the arm of justice he armed with a cudgel." Barbekan understood that deceit could no longer be carried out. ''For merciful Allah's sake!" cried he at once, falling on his knoes and joining his hands in supplication, " mercy, O ray Lord ! I repent 1 I had dragged my brothers into mis fortune, for it was I who struck the gentleman's son at Mossoul; lat least owed them a kind reception during my prosperity. I promise in future to share all my goods with them." " Mercy 1" cried in chorus the cutler's wife and brothers, and the assembly joined its cries, to theirs. " Let it be thus," said the descendant of Haroun-el-Rashid," that it may be written here below as above that Justice takes note of repen tance." At these words, the crowd rose and shouted : " Honour and long life to the Sultan I' By a wave of his hand, the Sultan commanded silence, and added: " As it mutit not be said that one of my sub jects had approached the throne of my highness without taking with him a keepsake ftom my generosity, let, my treasurer count out 1000 tomans to the fisherman by whom this wonder ful cast of the net was accomplished and for which wo all have rejoiced ; let him also give Ali, the porter, a sum that will enable him to live comfortably in his sphere. As for the brothers of Barbekan, in order to contribute to their happiness, let it be this day published in the town that if there be any young damsels willing to marry them I will give them a dot of 1000 golden pieces." Before the sun had pet, there were found more than twenty candidates for the hands of the two limping and one-eyed humpbacks; thus were tho two monkeys enabled to choose whom pleased them raont; their good fortune granted, says the story, that they chose the most amiable. "At the sight of our monkeys, who would have thought that the proud dam*els would have been such eager competitors?"-aid the Sultan to his vizier. " Sire," answered the vfcier, still philosopher, "lund< r a cloth of gold there is no lame horse." 