ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. TOMMY ATKINS ON THE CAMP. I'm Tommy Atkins and may be You've heard of me before, I am not the one to fabricate Nor are I one to jaw. I simply tells yer -what I sees Ana haw I feels the thing, They call campaigning under teats A sort of soldiering. Whate'er a soldier's set to do It ain't for him to stay. His dootys just to go ahead, Not question, but obey. So I'm a soldiering you see, And somehow, though it's wet, I rather likes thisldnd of life. Leastways I do as yet. But what I wish to talk about, Is hew our own canteen Was stopped by Mr. Colton, In a way I've never seen. Bine Bibbing and teetotal, too, A Minister may be. But taint in regulations yet That he should make so tree 'Twas like a slur on all of ns In this ere camp, I say, A branding us-as topers all, He did tne fastest day. We're pretty steady here in camp, And not so loose, I think. Although the canteenfs open, but Bestricted as to drink. I've heered as-bow tobacco pipes He's rather gone agin; And as to chewing negrohead, That is a mortal sin. Salvation Army steadiness Is what he wants to git, And soon knee drill he'll order us Belore he thinks ns fit. But Tommy Atkins takes his turns, And does his duty true. Whatever people think of it, Or what they choose to do. We dont kick up at discipline, We don't mind extra drill, _ So long as grub comes in all right, And Government pays the bill. There is airerynarrow gap between the sublime and the Itidicrous about the encampment of bur little Volunteers. A good many of the men'fl wives seemed to regard the matter as a regular downright " going forth to battle," and trudged alongside their husbands as they marched in the ranks, with all the air of parting for ever or something like it. One Hianhad"faot been two days in camp when he wanted leave to go to his grandmother's funeral-a good and sufficient reason, but withal there waa a little inventiveness. The sickliness of the families 4)f a few men was singular,-and the idea was raggested that Mrs. 'Arris was around. Wives have sought admittance into the camp before it was .three days' old as if it were in the Crimea, and the general public were so Impressed with the martial aspect of the tiling that the very sight of a sentry coming along hi? beat is eccngh fo awe them into obedience.. If the ground were in the South Sea Islands, rendered sacred by the footprint of a chief, it could not be more strictly tabooed. Not tt&ay; yeaes ago a man was found dead in the North, :not far from a bush publichouse, where an inquest was held. The Jury unanimously Agreed that the remains were those of an old man well known in the district, whom we will call "Silly the Cook," and returned 'a verdict that Billy the.Cook had died from want of water and exposure. Hie remains were duly buried, when the majority of the Jury, and some who were not Jurymen, got on , the spree. Many h&lfdrunken.; remarks were passed about. " poor old Billy" being gone at last, and that a cleaner old cook never baked a damper, and not one of the growling- sort either (bush cookfl luSe proverbial for being growlers). This s^rtisf talk had gone on for some time when Boniface began to give hints that it was about time to go to bed, and that it was verv- near r -shutting-up time, - when who, should- stalk in* to thenar' in ' perfect health - but Billy the Cook, who, before they had time to gasp their 1 -astonishment, called .for a pint.of beer. Superstition was rife among the ex'jnryme&, Boane j seemed t«rror-strieken, others looked as if ihev beheld old jffilly's ghost^ when one more venturesome and less intoxicated than the rest drew-him into a conversation, which showed , plainly , that he had just come off a long tramp, end that he was the veritable old Billy. The surprise hMthe -effect of sobering most of them, the «&ct; ontheir minds which was caused by-suddenly seeing -amau whom they all «uppoeed to be dead can be better imagined than described. An lriskhaiii cnnioftenfiad two meanings to a w6rtC «ltiKragh it Is seldom one'can transform a title in such a ridiculous manner as one did the other day when reading a notice on which was printei the name of the Hon. . Mr. Blank, MILLG. Fat. hesitated when--he oaae to ithe name, and said, thoughtfully—" Wow, I have often wondered what that meant;" and then . drawled, thoughtfully " M—L—4D. X)h, I knowj he's a convict, and the M.L.G. manes he mustn't lave' tiie calany."' W^ ^once heard of a boy who thought M.L.C. stood for Meml»er«i the Lushing Club. M.Ii'C. might stand, for many things, although if it jstatada far the--boy's veraion of it it wonld be .a bleafflnfeto the colony if a few hundred mepibecB of the Lushin^Glub 4id4eave4he -colony. - An Irishman ,w»a rseently -driving an old horse in cart, when^the-animal suddenly tripped, -and foiling, broke both knees. A generous by&tander; gave the man a flask containing &«tifE nobler of brandy, advising -him to take the animal home, and after well washing the -knees, to get the sand out of the wound, -to rub .the kneeB with the brandy. Paddy to:>k~<£he horse hone, shortly after which he was met by an acquaintance, who asked him if he had rubbed the horse's knees with the'brandy. Faddy replied with a wiuk and sly: leer—"No, me honey,.I swallowed the brandy meailf and spat on the ould harse's knees." 