THE V.R.C. GEHEB&E; EHTBXES. The general entries for the V.B.C, Spring Meeting were made on Monday, and are of a very satisfactory character, both as regards quality and number. All the best horses iu training are engaged, and the total entries received number a hundred more than were made last year. With the knowledge that Commotion was wrong, and latterly of his scratching, the weight-for-age races have filled well. Those for the Boyal Park Stakes include Sheet Anchor, Honey- dew, Nordenfeldt, Bingmaster, Prince Imperial, Blink Bonny, Tom Brown, Mozart, Welcome Jack, Thunderbolt, Liverpool, Trenton, Sardius, Gratitude, Coronet, and Moonshee. There arc 49 in the Hotham Handicap, and amongst them are Despot, Kit Nubbles, Prince Imperial, Tom Brown, St. John, St. Lawrence, Acolyte, Lantern, Anglesey, The Andes, Cerise and Blue, and Wing. As was expected, the entries for the new event, the Weight-for-Age Hurdle Bace, are not numerous, the fame of The Agent frightening away a lot. In addition to Mr. Hart s horse, there are Insolvent, Blue Mountain, Gasalicr, Boyal Maid, Bavensworth, Hazard, Molrow, Agita tion, and Duration. The Selling Bace has an entry of 33, and the Coburg Stakes 52, amongst which are some of the speediest horses in training. These events, with the Derby and Maribyrnong Plate, comprise the first day's programme, which should satisfy the greatest sport ing glutton. On the second (Cup) day sport opens with the Bailway Stakes of a mile and a quarter; amongst those entered arc Honeydew, The Pencil, First Prince, Winchester, Moonshee, Eagle Grange, First Chester, and Isonomy. The Ken sington Stakes has 20 engaged, including Maddelina, The Nun, Dividend, and Mis tral. The Hurdle Bacc has the good entry of 19, as will be seen when the names of The Agent, Duration, Insolvent, Gasalier, Boyal Maid, Huntsman, and Mistake are mentioned. The Nursery Handicap has filled very well, the entries numbering 49. All the fast youngsters of the three colonies are engaged, includ ing Acme, The Nun, Munwyrtina, Mad delina, Bepose, My Lady, Blairgowrie, Chesham, and Micawber. The Bail- way Stakes has the big entry of 61. A fast mile should be made by those engaged, including as they do Irraiee, Middlemarcfa, Chuckster, Evie, Bohe mian, The Agent, St. John, Country Boy, Mentmore, Thunderbolt, Man chester, J uanna, The Ghost, The Israelite, and Too Too. On the third day, or Oaks Day, the first race is the Maiden Plate, which has 16 in it. The Flying Stakes has a good entry of 41, and the quality is quite up to the mark when it is seen that Honeydew, Acme, Phillip Augustus, The Nun, Prince Imperial, Dunlop, Mozart, Thunderbolt, M addelina, Bepose, Louise Berta, Munwyrtina, My Lady, Wanda, Blairgowrie, -Chesham, Wing, and Micawber are amongst the number. There arc 57 in the Spring Handicap, and here we have Sheet Anchor, Becall, Lord Exeter, Honeydew, Plausible, Lord Wilton, Nordenfeldt, Despot, Prince Imperial, The Agent, St. John, Country Boy, Duration, Prometheus, The Israelite, St. Lawrence, Anglesey, Too Too, Grati tude, The Ghost, Grace Darling, Camerine, Brown and Bose, Eagle Grange, and Cerise and Blue. The Boyal Park Stakes has 20 in it. including Bingmaster, Blink Bonny, Tom Brown. Dunlop, Welcome Jack, Liverpool, Winchester, Acolyte, Trenton, Sardius, Coronet, Moonshee, First Chester, and Isonomy. The Weight-for-Age Steeplechase has Denmark in it, and, as might be antici- Sated, only seven others, these being Tativc, Lady Ashton, Trickett, Mol row, Bob Cooper, Banker, and ji'crnder. The Veteran Stakes' entries total Up 58. Amongst these are Lord Exeter, Plausible, Lord Wilton, Despot, Coriolanun, Kit Nubbles, Prince Imperial, Tom Brown, Thc Agent, St John, Country Boy, Prometheus, Welcome Jack, Liverpool, The Israelite, St Lawrence, Acolyte, Anglesey, Tren ton, Gratitude, Coronet, Grace Darling, Warwick, Brown and Bose, Cerise and Blue, and Wing. The Mares' Produce Stakes is tbe first race on the last day, and it is followed, by the Flemington Stakes of half a mile. Most of the crack two- year-olds are engaged. There are fifty-three entered for it. The V.B.C. Handicap of a mile and three-quarters has the splendid entry of sixty-one, which includes all the well-known horses in training. There are twenty-four in thc Handicap Steeplechase, amongst them be ing Denmark, Colebrook, Morven, Sailor, Wymlet, Lizette, Beticent, Narrung, Governor, Bob Cooper, and Mernder. The Canterbury Plate, weight for age, two miles and a half, has the fine entry of twenty-six; those entered include Honeydew, Nordenfeldt, Bingmaster, Off Colour, Prince Imperial, Blink Bonny. Tom Brown, Mozart, Bos worth, Wel come Jack, Thunderbolt, Liverpool, Acolyte, Trenton. Sardius. Coronet, Moonshee, First Chester, and Isonomy. As usual, the concluding event of the meeting, the Free Handicap, has a very large entry; this year there are no less than eighty-one in it. It may safely be said that only fine weather is required to make the coming meeting the most suc cessful yet held under the auspices of the Victoria Bacing Club. 