Wovelfet* DAN LYONS' DOOM, By WAIF WANDER. ? V CHAPTER III, — (Continued.) But there was that in tho woman's faoe, and especially in hor dnrk, deep set eyes, that was a warning to a oloser obsorvor. It wbb a hard face, a oruel face, an obstinate .face, an utterly untrustworthy face. If over ignorance and prejudice, and a total want of moral consciousness were stamped upon features they wero stamped in the coun tenance of Mrs. Brady. Each of tho threo children that seated themselves at tho tablo round Her on tho occasion ol which 1 write had some resemblance to tho mother; but the unscrupulous cunning of Cornelius, tho ani mal vanity of Nora, and the ungovernable passions that gleamed in tho eyes of Father James were all doubled and intensified in tho old woman's face. As tho man we call Father James seated himself opposite to whoro she stood sho leaned on both hands as sho rested thera on tho table and bent over it toward his bowed face, as sho muttered angrily between her set teeth : ' So it's on you again ? Oh, blood of tho clever Bradys, of Clogher, turned to water, tho ?' night iB comin' on an' it's freezin' ye aro 1 ' Tlio bitter soorn of the tones was felt keenly by tho man to whom thoy were addressed, and a glance was flashed from his awful eyes into the woman's that was terriblo to meet. By ? ' ho cried, if you weren't my mothei; you would haunt mo too, for I'd kill you 1 And ob it is you'd better be warned, for you may go too far some doy, and my life is of littlo worth. Sho started back as his olenehed fist was Blruok so violently on the tablo that the dishes wore disturbed, but at a warning movement from Cornelius her mood seemed to instantly ohange, and she laughed harshly. ' One can't say a word to you at all, James, theso times,' she said ; can't you take a joke from your mother ? ' ' Joke I '» ho repeated, as he stood up and dashed his chair back from tho table. Am I a ohild again that you think to twist mo round your finger 1 Jokol who in thoir senses would joke with blood on their hands nnd the hangman's rope round thoir neoks ? ' and ho slammed tho door of an adjoining yoom behind him, leaving liiB supper un touched on tho tablo. Mrs. Brady's lace grew white aa chalk, and sbo fell into a chair, staring at Cornelius with her terrified dark oyes. 'What has coma over him at all, Conn,' sho cried ; ' ho's not tho same man since *wo come here. Oh, my God, do you think he'll go back on us after all ? ' and slio rocked her self to and fro despairingly. ' To tell you tho truth, mother, I'm getting afraid,' replied Cornelius, aa he attacked his \- fopd with an appetite. . ' I hope that tho black coat isn't putting ideas of religion and repentance in his head.' 'If I thoujht so I'd tear it off his back 1 A son of mini turn white livered ? A man with my blool in him turn back from the re venge I bwo:o him to on the cross ? If I thought so, Im his mother, and I'd knife him with my ownhands.' She looked as if Bho would. ' Sho seemed quite capablj of any deed as bIio rose and shook her right hand out clenched against tho air aromd her. As her lone fingers nonl- ntV.ni. tl ? ... il ? n , D, , iuou ou mey wouia aouot less havo grpped an enemy's throat had it been within reach when tho hot blood was boiling' in tor veins— tho samo blood, as sho had truly sail, that had mado Father James . a haunted nan. And Noraate hor food hastily, and scarcely hearing a vord that was passing round hor ; for sho wai used to her mother's tempor, though she 70B not in her seorets, and novor troubled ho head as to what aroused it. At tho presentiho was too much ocoupied about tho admireiher brother had given her in his idle pbaff, aid calculating tho effect of a dress sho intendel to don on tho morrow with tlio solo hope oioxhibiting herself in it to tho un oonsoious Iishman. Aa for fits. Brady, sho had forgotten the presence other youngest until it was recalled } to her by o motion of Coruolius as ho spoko in a low voce. 'You fcget, mother, that somebody is ' here.' 'Oh N-ra ? Sho novor hears anything that does n concern lior own self, or sees any thing, Godholp hor, but hor own handsome , face in th(glaBs. Nora 1 Nora, I Bay 1 ' ' What ' returned Nora, with a start on hor returntrom tlio realms of fanoy. 'What tor you thinking of ? ' Tody Conor,' promptly replied tho girl-, and Corneius roae from tho tablo with a loud laugh tho mado tho angry blood rush into ' his sistor'cfaco. CHAPTER IY. THE rctTONB-lELLKlt MOUNT HODAN. The hut iihigh up on a spur of Great Mount Roban.ini sheltered spot nearly hiddon by trees and iig brown rocks, half covcred with green mos and grey lichen ; it was built of heavy timer slabB, and covered by sheets of 'box bark.joth of which showed tho woathor worn liuoif many years. From tie front of this hut on tho sido of tho moun ono of tho grandest views around Marrangtwas discernablo, and if it had been -uilt for tho purposo of espionage, no situ ' Sion cold havo beon bettor ohoeon, Tho township lay undor tho oyo liko a groan map, dottod with littlo whito oubos that reprosenteii dwellings, and right across tho long lino of tlio, gloaming oroolc, past St. Horriokn, nnd up tho slope whoro tho lono cemetery lay, not a human boing .could move without boing tracod from Nan Griffith's hut. The vory gully whoro lay tho long-deserted olaims was opon to tho view from that hill home ; and as far as tho oyo could roaoh — far aoross tho plains bounded by tho low, purplo-bluo hills, ono could follow tho traok along whioh tho coach passed onco n'doy ; in short, tho oyrio of an eaglo was never built in a mora commanding and yet retired spot. Two or threo days after that on whioh my story opens, Nan Griffiths was sitting ou a block of wood outside tho door of the hut, and under tlio hoavy shadow of a spreading tree that bent its orooked branolioa ovor hor un canny-looking figure. Sho was a very old womau, with whito hair hanging loosely ovor her shoulders, and a long oloak that covered her ovon down to hor feet ; to this oloak thoro was a hood that could bo drawn at will over hor head, aud holos, through ono of tvjliuil u □muilj' uuuu -YUO putibuu IU grusp M orutchod stiok, Tho old croaturo was tooth less, and her skin was shrivelled up on her face liko sun- tanned loather ; but the keen dark eyes that sparkled under tho long whito hairs of hor eyebrows were opparently aa serviceable as when sho waB 20 y oars youngor. Sho waa muttering and mumbling to hor solf in a dissatisfied way that mado her sharp nose and chin meet in a manner that gave her some resemblanoo to a bird of prey, when she saw a ?woman climbing up the track among tho trees loading toward tho hut. It was a tall, pale-faced woman of about thjrty five, with dark hair and eyes, and a weary, helpless look in her faco that would havo won tho sympathy of a stranger, but did not seem to be noticed by Nan, who was her mother. . ' What a time you've been 1 Faugh, the women there iB in these days !'? 'I was as quick as I oould bo,' Ellon Griffiths returned, as she seated herself wearily near! tho hog, 'and I'm aa tirod as death.' ' Death is never tired, you fool, and you always are,' Nan growled; 'and now you sit thero staring boforo you without tolling me a word ; did you seo tho child.' ' Yes, but I had a raro hunt for him.' 'Where was ho ?' 'Up in tho ccmetory at the Colonel's grave.' ? ' By himself?' ' No, .he was with Resignation St. Herriok.' Tho reply seemed to stun the old hag with surprise. With Resignation 'St. Herrick ! With -her of all tho children in tho world 1' and then a harali, cackling laugh burst from Nan's lips, as sho clappcd her hands joyfully. ' It would bo grand,' sho soreechod ; ' I wish I'd thougliPof it aforo ; but thoro's timo enough. I'll mako a policoman— a trap of him.' ' A policoman 1 of who ? ' ' Of Dan I would it not be grand if he woro to trap Colonol St. Horriok's murdorer 1 ' Ellen looked at her mother with a stony horror, but sho said nothing, though tho hag went on as though sho had. ' Oh it's awful isn't it I your mother is a hard-hearted, cruel old woman, that would hunt to death the man you loved. Faugh 1 you white-livered worm, that would turn and lick tho hand that struck you ; are you a child of mine at all ? ' Ellon was used to suoh talk, and Bhe said nothing save what was expressed in the worn to death, weary look in *hor poor white faoe. ' Tell mo what you heard, curse you, sn-J don't sit thero liko a senseless imago driving mo mad,' shoutod Nan, as sho seized her daughter's arm and shook her violently ; 'open your mouth and Bpeak, fool that you are.' 'What am I to tell about first?' ' Tho new people at St. Horricks, who aro tliey?— quick.' ' Thoir name is Brady, an old mother, two 50ns, and a daughter. They've takon St. Herrioks— rented it of Mr. Pollard.' ' And is it truo that they're going into the old around acain? ' 'Yes.' Tho hag gave hor daughter another vicious shako, aud her sharp, prominent ohin worked like tho half of a pair of nut-crackers as she shrieked — ' I'll throttle you if you don't speak out 1 what has como ovor you at all fool 1 Havo you seen a ghost— tho ghost of Colonel Herriok, eh ? ' . ' No, but I have seen a face liko Dan Lyons.' At tho reply tha old woman's hand fell from her daughter's arm as sho questioned anxiously. ' You don't moan that he has oome back Ellen?' _ ' No, it was in a woman's face I saw the likeness, and then it was in the oyes only. When I was looking for littlo Dan I wont round by the fence at St. Harrick's, and found a young, girl looking over it as if watoh ing for somo one ; it was the daughter of the Brady's that have tpken tho place.' ' Well 1 you spoko to her of course ? ' ' Yes, and got a good deal of news out of her, but before I left hor mother came out and called her angrily away. It was in Mrs. Brady's cyos I saw Dan Lyons.' It was in your own eyes you saw a fool,' said the hag Bcornfully. ' You think of nothing morning, noon, and night, but that double dyed murderer that left a ourse on you and yours. Go on with what you woro aayhig.' ' She's a young girl, and a silly ono, tho Brady girl ; but you'll soon seo hor for your self, for I told her about you, and Bho's sure to pay you a visit. Sho thinks of nothing but sweethearts, and her brother has told her that a man is in lovo with her.' ? 'Whatman?' ' Do you remombor Tady Connor, mother ?' 'That Connor that worked in tho Gullv whon tlio Colonel was killed ?' \- ' Tho same.' ' Something is going to happen I' oxolaimed Nan, wildly. ' No wondor I dreamed of strange, things and saw strange signs 1 Go on 1' ' When Mrs. Brady called tho girl insido I went on toward tho cemetery, and I mot Connor himself on his way from tho Gully.' ' Did he know you, Ellen ?' 'Yes, at onco, and asked mo- if you wero alive yet. He 'is ooming to seo you about some dream.' 'Aye? ho waa always a soft fool, but an opon-handed ono, too, so he's weloomo.' ? 'If I don't mistako, that's ho ooming up tho hill now, mother,' said tho woman, as sho pointed down toward a man who waa steadily climbing up tho steep path. Yes, it was 'JCady, in truth, going, after many misgivings, to see onco again tho fortune-teller of Mount Roban, whom ho had moro. than onco consulted in tho years gono by ; for Tady was ono of thoso not unusual oharaotars in whom aro combined do&p; re ligious convictions and an ignorant bolief in supernatural powers and Goings, and his ignorant mind was sorely exoroisod on account of a strango dream ho had had a fow nighta previous. 'IIow Mr. Leonard would laugh at mo,' ho was muttering to himself in gasps, as the steepnoss of tho hill tried his luugs soverely ; ' ho don't bolievo in fortune-tellers or witoliea, or anything, but soein's believin', on' well I know Nan iB a witoh it thoro was over ouo in this world.' When bo roaohed tho hut thero was- no ono in front of it, and tho door waa shut. He knocked a low, roapcctful ' knock, .and nearly jumped out of his sldn as ho was hiddon by nomo to enter. ' Como in, Tady Connor.' ; ' What am I frightened of?' ho reasoned with himself as ho lifted tho latch and pushed opon tho door. ' Of oourso Ellon has como baok and tould hor sho soen mo.' Whon ho ontorcd tho low, dim room, with tho olay floor and thoEnioke-blaokenod rafters, ho saw that thoro was a small fira on tho hearth, but no ono besido it, and thon he turned at a sound that mado him Bhivor to seo Nan Griffiths standing ou tho threshold of an innor door with a huge black oat at hor feot. It Was tho oat's unoarthly ' mc-a-w 1' that had made Tady shuddor from hoad to foot. ' Weloomo, Tady Connor,' said the hag, as she advanced and stood beforo him, her skinny hand grasping tho stiok, hor low borit form still oovorod with tho long oloak. ' Tho seas havo rolled between us for long years, aiid now they have brought you baok again.' ' They havo, ma'am,' said Tady, as lio mado a rospeotful sorapo with his right foot ; and I'm glad to seo thoy havo left you look ing.so hearty.' ' Timo makes no odds to mo,' sho said, as sho drow a seat to the-tablo and sat down, whilo she pointed to another for hor visitor. ' I'll live until a man dies, and then my work is dono. Sit down.' Tady would havo liked to ask her whoso death was to precede hor own, but he daro'nt, and waited humbly for tho hag to speak again. ' You want to consult mo ? ' sho asked, as sho put her Bbrivellod face so near to him that the fiery littlo oyes so far baok in hor head Boomed to burn him. ' Speak out what it is whilo tho humor's on me.' ' It's a dramo I had, Mrs. Griffiths— a dramo that's troublin' mo intirely ; an' know in' woll how knowledgeable you always wor, I kemtoax you about it.' ' All right,' sho replied, as sho drew toward hor with a skinny paw tho ooin Tody had laid near her on tho tablo. ' Skull, fetch tho master's books.' ' Tho latter command was addressed to tho blaok oat, who instantly entered tho insido ohambor ond almost instantly returned with a littlo bag in hiB moutli, whioh he deposited on his mistresB's lap, taking tho opportunity of Ilia vicinity to tho terrified Irishman to spit and ' wa-ow ' vioiously in his faco. ' Down, Skull,' oried Nan to tho oat as sho opened tho bog and drow a pack of dirty oards from it. ' Now, Connor, tell mo your dream.' ' It's twice now I'vo dramcd it,' ho said, turning his faco away from tho cat, who still glared at him. ' I thought, do you seo, that I was down in the old shaft at work, and that with every spade I dug I turned up tho head of a man. I thought that I always expeotod a lump of gold, and saw it shinin' aB I turned tho shovel, but whin it oomo up it was always tho same man's faoe wid blood on it.' ' Did you know tho faoo ? ' asked tho hag solemnly. ' Yes, I did.' ' Whose was it ? ' ' It waa Dan Lyon, tho murderer's, faco.' ' Somothing is going to happen Tody Connor 1 ' sho said, almost repeating tho words sho had used to her daughter. ' Tho dream was always tho samo ? ' ' Always, ma'am.' With her jaws munoliing and mumbling horribly tho fortune-teller sproad tho cards boforo her, aud with suoh a keen anxiety in her own repellant and withered faco, that it was evident sho possessed some belief in the art Bhe praotiaed. UnconBoiously to himself, tho littlo Irishman had uttered tho one namo in tho wholo world that had powor to oxoito hor worst passions, for thero aro far worse passions than tho reigning ono of Nan Griffith's, which was cupidity. 'What man is plotting against you?' sho asked him suddenly, as he anxiously watched her face while sho scanned tho cards. 'You havo been spoaking to him lately, though you havo not touohed his hand — who is it ? ' and Bhe turned her oyes keenly upon Tady'fl face. 'I don't know, Mrs. Griffiths. I havon't spoko to a soul to-day but my young master, Mr. Leonard Prossor, and I'm sure he'd plot nothing agin his fosterer.' 'You spoko to no ono else? — mind -what you say, Tady Connor.' ' Bo this an' be that 1 ' aasevorated Tady, and then he all at onco stopped, and with a gasp ejaoulated almost in a whisper, ' Sure it wouldn't bo Father James 1 ' ' Who is Father James ? ' Nan asked bus pioiously, ' and what right havo you to bo talking of olorgymon here ? Why, tho vory oat knows you havo named ono— look at him 1 ' In fact tho black oat had turned toward tho terrified Tady, and with every hair on ond was mo-a-wing and spitting at him. ' Spake to him ! quiten him for my sake, Mrs. Griffith's 1 suro I meant no harm, and at any rate I' other J ameff isn't a priest at all aoin' ho isn't in orthers now; ho's tho gentle man that has ronted St. Horrick's an' is livin' there wid his family.' A sudden romembranco of what her daughter had said about Nora Brady mado tho old hag grin to hersolf as sho ordered her familiar to retiro, and sho resumed tho read ing of tho cards sho had laid down. ' I can tell you nothing about your droam until you droam it onco moro,' sho said, ' but bowaro of n dark man that is plotting against your very life.' ' How will I find orit who _ho is ? ' asked Tady, anxioualy. ' Through a girl,' replied Nan ; ' a young girl with dark hair that's in love with you.' ' With mo? It's joldn' you aro, ma'rn.' Don't I look liko a woman to joko ? ' was the angry rotort. ' There's a girl in lovo with you, and you'll seo hor this very day, for Bho's waiting and watohing for you at this moment ; and now go, for I can tell you no more at presont. Whon you dream tlio third tiifio como to mo again.' Tady got up, and having uttered his thanks, gladly liastoncd out of tho hut. His super stitious terrors of old Nan and hor cat, al though partly ovoroomo by tho wonderfully good nows'Bho had told him, woro yet quite sufficient to rondor his csoape into tho puro air of tho mountain a pleasant one, and ho hastened down its aido to bo at leisure to think ovor hjs unexpected good fortune. Good fortune, indeed, and at last 1 I think | I have told you that Tady Connor had num bered Bomo thirty-five years, and during many lustres of thoso years it had beon his hard fate to liavo been hopelessly ovor head and ears in lovo very many times. Tady's heart was soft, but thoso of tho maidens who scorned his turned-up nose, his orooked lin gers, and his red hair, wero as hard as tho nother millstone. In vain had ho year aftor year pictured to himself somo lovely inamorato transformed into a loving wife, and called Mrs. Connor. Ono by ono his hopes had beon blighted, and his person mooked or laughed at, yot hero was a young girl with dark hair in love with him— actually in lovo with his vory self, without being asked or ovon known at all 1 Delightful thought 1' but there was . ono drawback — ho had a rival, for that woa tho decision Tady camo to regarding tho dark man old Nan had declared to bo plotting against him, and warned him against. ' Of ooorao it's somo chap that sho won't look at on account of hor lovo for mo, tho darlin' 1 ' ho soliloquised. 'I wonthor who sho ia at all, at all? but, sure, I'll know soon, lor I'm to uoo hor this vory day,' and poor Tady, believing in Nan Griffiths with all his littlo heart, wont down tho hill rejoioing and looking all around him for a eight of tho girl who at last had boon tho ono to. appreciate the hithorto despised littlo man. ' Maybo sho'a behind some of tho bushes or rooks watoliin' mo tho orathur,' he murmured with a fond smilo, as ho took off his hat and arranged his red, stiff looks. ' It's woll I put on mo (jow coat, though .'twas for old Nan I did it. Sho was ovor an always vory particu lar,' and ho squared round hia funny littlo person to look at his heels, as he gavo tho ad mired bluo coat with tho brass buttons a vigorous tug behind to mako it hang moro gracefully. Ho had to pass St. Herriok's on his way to tho township— doubtless tho cunning hog lio had juBt left had calculated on that fact, and also another faot, tho latter boing ^that Nora Brady waa again standing at tlio fenoo under tho trees, watohing and waiting for tho sweet hc_art_ hor brother had promised her, littlo thinking what events would follow from the effects of his silly fun at tho expense of Nora's well-known vanity and weakness for tho op posite box. Sho had scon Tady olimbing up the hill path, and now watolied hia return with a beating hoort and a oonscioua smilo on hor coarso, rosy faco. St. Horriok's had, aa wo know, an intorost for Connor that Nora did not guess at, and for a momont, as ho passed it, ho forgot tho'for tuno teller's prediction and thought of the murdered man whom overyono had Iovod. In tho vory middlo of tlieso Bad thoughts, how ever, ho hoard a slight cough, and with a sud den return of hia warm admiration of his un known inamorato's tasto, he stoppod and turned in the direotion of tho ' ahem.' Had thero been an observer of tho mooting between Nora and Tady ho must certainly' havo boon an amused ono. Tho gill waa oraning her neolc over the fence in trying to follow with her oyoa Tady's passing form, when at hor cough ho turned suddenly and stopped, thon sho drow lier big head back and giggled. Tady struck an attitude, an attitudo so ludicrous and oomiool that nothing but tho girl's oxaggoratod solf-conoeit prevented her from observing its truo naturo, but aa it was she saw nothing savo unbounded admiration of her ovor decorated self, and was immensely dolightod, so with tho envious fence only bo tween them Tady grinned from ear to ear, and fell awkwardly upon his knees on tlio damp grass, undor tho thiok treo3 that protruded their groat branches ovor tho* dilapidated fence. ' Aro you Tady Connor ? ' simpered silly Nora, as sho scanned her lover's rather sin gular proportions lavishly displayed by his sprawl upon tho grass. ' I am, mavourneen, I am that happy man,' oried Tady. ' What makes you so happy ?' ' Bcoauso at last I bco the beauty an' tho darlin' of tho wide world hero forenint mo this Moused day.' 'He-ho-hol' He-lio-ho wasn't muoh, but, with tho ac companying leer from Nora's small, heavy eyes, it expressed groat oncouragemont to poor Tady. \- ' Arroh, don't bo loughin' at mo asthoro ; suro, you'll brak my heart if you do 1' And with a good deal of grunting, Tady struggled to his knees, and venturod nearer to tho fone'e. 'I'm not laughing at you. How did you know I waa hore?' Nora asked, as sho ar ranged her ribbons and cheap ornaments pretty muoh as Tady had arranged tho tail of his coat a little previously. ' Nan tould mo agra, an' sure it was mesolf that a'most flow down the hill to come to ye,' replied Tady, but lio was wondering all tho timo who told the girl Ilia namo, and then deoiding it was that dangerous dark man who was plotting against him, he determined to ask her at onco. ' I say, agra, who was it tould you mo name ?'' ' Conn did,' and as Nora went on, ho was muttering, almost audibly, ' D ? Conn, who over ho is.' ' But who is this Nan you aro talking about ? Ia she you're sister ?' ' God forbid I' and Tady crossed himself devoutly, ' arrah no, asthoro, she's an ould woman that has lived up on Mount Roban these twenty years, an' she's a fortune teller.' Tho latter words wero uttered in a whisper, that necessitated Tady's monkoy-lilto faco being protruded ovor tho fence in dangerous proximity to that of tho delighted Nora, who waa, howevor, woman enough to affect a pru dery sho waa far from Oxperienoing. ' Go away with you — it's a sliamo for you, and if mother or Conn was to seo you, both of us would bo killed.' ' Divil a care I oaro 1 Who's- Conn ?' asked Connor, with a scornful twist of his ugly noso at tho mention of a namo ho had identified as a fancied rival. ' I'd bo sorry to vox tlio mother ov me darlin' girl, but a's for Conn — to tho divil wid him, I say 1 Who ia he, at all, at all ?' ' Conn is my brotlior, didn't you know that? I'vo two brothers, you know, Conn and James, Fathor James, thoy oall him now.' ' Oh, Lord 1 is Father James a brother, of yours? But afthor all, why should we bo afraid of him or any ono ? I'll keep oompany wid no dacent girl except for daconoy, and suro ho -could marry us if ho was agreeable.' ' Marry us,' repoated Nora, with a giggle again, at tho idea of tliia ardent wooing. ' 'Tis early in the day to bo talking of marry ing whon I'vo only Boon you a minuto or two ago ; and besides, James oouldn't marry us, for he's not in orders.' 'Oh, I forgot, ho tould mo so himself agra; but vievor mind, whon wo makes up our minds wo oan aisy find a priest to tie us togethor for a happy lifo. Who's that That was somoono shouting shrilly ' Nora I Nora I' in tho dirootion of tho houso. ' 'Tis mo mother 1 I must go or she'll kill mo.' ' Stop ono minnit aahtoro. Whin'll I seo you agin ? Tell mo quick now boforo you go. Suro I'll bo thinkin' it months till -I seo your uowoneiui oyos au your uarun iuau again.' ? ' I don't know, I'm ofton'horo at tho fenco, and if you'll' whistle I can como mostly any timo in the ovenin'.' ' Oh, tho lovoly orathur I' murmurod Tady, as ho gripped tho top rail of tho fenco and stared after tho quickly retreating figuro of hia fat inamorata. ' Isn't sho tho dorlin' of tho world to talio a fanoy to mo in this way, an' not a sowl to oaro for mo in this wide world but Mr. Leonard ?' and tho namo re minded him that ho had bettor not kcop his young mastor ignorant of his whoreabouts muoh longer, so ho toro himself away and made for tho township. CHAPTER V. THE DEAD MAN'S COIISE. Lono coinotery of Marranga, whoro tho fow doad sleep far from tho world thoy may know no moro, and whoro tho rustle of the long grass ovor thoir liegleotod graves is raroly oausod by a human footstep. Thoro in tho quiet nook on tho hill-sido may tho bird roar hor young in poaco among tho spreading trees of tho old Bush Land, and tho breeze whispor to dead cars unlioard savo by tho young of tho wallaby that Bomotimes vonturo to poop from among tho rooks that bound its fenoo. To a strangor no desolation oould soom greater than that of Marranga gravoyord, where a dozen graves had sunk among tho grass to sad nogloot, nnd ovor only ono had a namo or a dato boon insoribod. And that ono, oii a hoad-stono of wliito marbloj stood out from its surrounding of flowering , plants, liko a sentinel who novor Bleops, to guord tho last resting-plaoo of a St. HArriok.- - That spot alono in tho grass tangled onolosiiro was carefully tended, and lay an oasis of blossom 9n a desert of desola tion. Tho blaok lotters on tho puro surfaco of the head-stono had in some measure faded, but the inscription was yot plain enough-to tho oyo had thoro beon ono in tho vioinity to read it. But it was yet early in tlio. morning, and tho man who was slowly approaohing it had not aB yet roaohed tho graveyard. Indeed ho soomod in no hasto, for ho toiled up tlio slope as ono afflioted with weakness, and when ho had reaohod tho gato, restod long tin it, gazing toward tho whito sentinel tomb, Ho waa a tall man with a whito lingfard faoo undor a slouched hat, and ho woro a long, black somi olorical coat. It was tho now tenant of St. Herrioks, tho man known as Fathor James. Porhaps ho did not moan to cntor at all. Ho atood thero so long, aud so motionless that ho might have been as dead as that man ovor whom tho white stono stood, for all ap pearance of lifo that ho exhibited. Magpies woro stalking proudly in tho grass, and greet ing tho oarly sun with thoir sweot gurgling notes. Tho laughing jaokuss, perohed upon the limb o£ a leafless gum tree, shrieked out a wild chorus to somo distant mato. Tho groon paroquet fluttorod and ohattered among the branches, but that statuo-liko man did not scom to soo thom or hoar anything until thoro was tho sounds of voices behind him, and then' ho turned his head just a littlo way to . see who were tho unwelcome visitants to a spot ho had bolioved too lono to bring a singlo human being to gazo upon his face. It waB fair Resignation St. Horrick who oamo toward him, though ho did not know i-t then, and bo8ido hor walked a boy of about her own age, a boy with a bold, intelligent oyo, and u fearless mien. Cloao besido Resignation walked Guardian', her groat dog, with his oyes closely and suspioiouBly scan ning tho stranger as tho trio neored him. Resignation was attired as sho had beon whon I first namod her. A pale blue flceoy dress enveloped her slight liguro, and from under her broad drooping hat hor flossy fair hair fell in a oloud ovor hor shouldors. In ono hand sho carried a littlo basket, tho othor was laid on tho dog's great hoa'd, aa the child noticed his uneaBy movemonts. Tho boy's stout, hoalthy figuro was clad in a shirt of sorao light flannel matorial, and a pair of well-made dark trousers covered his sturdy limbs. A straw hat shaded a pair of fino dark oyes, and a handsomo bright faco,' browned by tho sun, and ruddy with health. ' Hush, Guardian, you must not ho rude to strangera,' Resignation whispered in response ' to tho dog's subdued growl. ' Ho will not bite you, sir.' Father James mado no reply, and the chil dren passed him to enter- tho goto. Tho lad wont on without vonchsaving tho man a second glance, butResignation pausod with hor soft hand on tho still open gato. ' Would you liko to como in, sir ? It is not private. Would you liko to oomo in and seo my dear father's grave ? ' ' Your father's grave 1 Why should I want to seo your father's grave, ohild?' Tho words wero spoken so sharply that the child drew back a littlo ; during all Resigna tion's littlo lifo theso wore tho first words sho had heard in any other tones than affection or pity, aud sho fixed her largo calm oyes upon the man in a sort of mild wonder as sho replied, ' I beg your pardon ; I thought you woro tho gentleman who has taken tho houso where papa used to livo, and that you might liko to seo his gravo.' ' Who aro you, child ?' ho asked in trembling tones, as his whito faoo seemed to yet blanch of a moro ghastly pallor. ' I am Resignation St. Herrick,' sho answered ; ' my father was Colonel St. Horrick.' ' Stay, I will go with you,' he murmcrod, as she was turning away with a disappointed look to follow her oompanion. Tho gentle ohild waited gladly until Father James hod passed tho gate, and thon sho closed it bohind him. Ho allowed her to pass him, and then followed hor up tho narrow pathway between tho long grasses of tho old graves. If sho could lmvo known what was passing in that man's heart— if sho could havo road his thoughts, hiddon beneath that outward calm and that priestly dress, what would Resignation St. Herrick havo dono, .or what would tho poor fatliorloas child havo said ? Ho followed her light steps until she stopped near a grave, whoro flowers grow under that whito marble hoadatone, on which tho priest's oyoa seemed fixed with suoh a Btony glaro that tho lad who knelt by the gravo with a trowel in his hand stared at him in wondor. If tho words had been rod hot, and pressed against tho man's naked broost, his face oould not have exprossed a -greater agony of fear and pain, Saobed To The Mejioiix Or Colonel, Tiieodoue Si. Hemucic, ?Foully murdered at Marranga, Juno 19th, 180 — ' Vengeance is Mini:, I will repay, saith tho Loiu-.' The ohild saw that his oyos \fero traoing tlio words, and waited silently and respect fully until ho turned his faoo away, and sat weakly down on a grassy tuft with his baok to tho hoadstono. Tho boy looked at Father James with a suspicion that ho ovideutly shared with tho dog, for at ovory movement of tho man tho animal showed his toeth, though silontly, doubtless from respect to his young mistress's former reproof, but Resignation regarded tho stranger with a yearning pity that her soft quostion explainod. ' Did you know my dear papa, sir ?' and as a reply Father James shook hia bowed hoad. ' You havo perhaps lost a dep.r fathor, too ? but not' in bo sad and eruol a way as I. lost mine. Oh it was cruel, oruel.' ' It was worso than oruol ; it was inhuman and cowardly 1' oried tho lad,' striking tho trowel on tho grass ho was knoeling on for omphasis ; ' and if I was a man and met him I would kill him as I would a snake.' ' Who aro you ?' asked tho priost, suddenly as ho turnod his faco toward tho vohoment spoakor. ' Mo ? My namo is Daniel.' 'Aud Daniel is my friend,' explained Resignation cagorly. ' Ho has always helpod mo to keep papa's gravo nioo, and whon ho is a man ho is going to find pupa's murdorer and get him punished.' She said tho last worda in a low, ompliatio whispor, looking round hor as if fearful of boing overheard as in a matter of tho most soorot oonsequcnoo. ' Yes, I shall find him,' Daniel doolarod, proudly. ' Old Nan wants to mako a police man of mo to run tho villain down ; but I shall find him without being a trap. Ho may liido himself anywhero, but I shall find him, for it is fated that my hand shall put tho ropo about his neok.' * ' How do you know ?'' nsked tho whito ,faced priost almost in a whispor. ' Because granny has said so, and sho ia a reader of tho stars — tlwij cannot lio, you know, and boaides I feel that I shall know Dan Lyona by inBtinot if over tho villain oomeB noar mo.' ' Waa Dan Lyona tho namo of tho man who ? ' and ho nodded toward tho hoad stono, though ho did not turn his oyea to ward it. ' 'Yes, didn't, you* know?' Resignation asked _ wondoringly. ' Ho was poor papa's mato in tho claim, y^u know. It doosn'.t toil about it thoro ' — and eho pointed to the stone — ' but mama has told mo all about it ovor and oyer again. Dan Lyons buriod my dear fathor olive— papa wroto about it in his noto book while ho was dying, and mama has tho note book. yot. Just fancy what it must havo beon to bo crushed down in tho dark ground alivo, but smothering, and thinking of mama and mo all the timo 1 Oh, poor papa 1 But I would rather havo been him, even then, than tho wioked man thot killed him, for ho was going to hoavon, but tho murderer oan novor, never go thero.' ' Aro you suro of that ? ' How eagerly tlio question was asked 1 with what trembling lips and craving eyos 1 ' Of oourso ho oan'tl' oried Daniol; 'ho must go among tho dovila, for he was ono of thernl ho wob no monl didn't ho bury the Colonel alivo and Btand looking at him and taunting him wliilo ho was dying ? ' Only a devil Could do that 1 ' 'Maybe, Daniel, if ho was truly penitont,' Resignation said doubtfully; 'if he is sorry ' and asks God for ObriBt's sake, Ho may for give him after a great while.' ' Novor 1 all tho Borrow in tho w6rld Wouldn't undo his sin or mako a doad man livo again 1 Besidos, if ho was sorry ho would havo stood out boforo tho world ond confessed his orimo 1 ' From ono to tho othor of tho childrons' faces Father James gazed etigorly. What could ho bo looking for? In Dan's oyos ho saw only a_ fioroo anxiety for justieo on the murderer, in Resignation's a pitiful doubt, as her knowledge of God's meroy was contend ing with her righteous abhorrence of tho man whose orimo had mado her fatherless. ' Jt was oruel,' sho repeated, as she patted the_ mould around somo plant on tho grave besido which sho now knelt softly, ' and it it was not my poor papa ho had killed, I might bo sorry for that bad man, but it is hardly natural for mo to bo sorry for him.' ' Sorry for him ? I wish I was old enough and— and I'd — _ ' Vongcanco is mino,' repeated Resigna tion from tho stono ; ' mama says that as surely as God's sun shinos in tho Bky God'B vengeanco will ovcrtako Dan Lyons, tho mur derer.'. Still from ono young faco to another tho mau_ looked voicelessly, the ohildron now tending tho flowers on tho gravo and not re garding him, but oach engaged with their own thoughts. . At last . tho mon shuddered from head_ to foot as though a fit had shaken him with its last throb, and ho spoko to the boy. ' ' Did you say your namo was Dan? ' 'Yes, I wish it wasn't 1 why did thoy oall mo tho some namo as that murdering wrotoh ? I won't havo it 1 ' ' I nover oall you Dan,' said Resignation softly ; ^ ' Daniel is a nicer namo, and tho Daniol in tho Biblo was a good man.' Your name ia Dan ? ' persisted tho stranger ; ' Dan what ? ' ' My namo is Daniel Griffiths if -you want to know,' tho boy roplied defiantly, for ho re- ? sontod tho priest's insisting on calling -him Dan. ' What is your mother's namo ? ' ' Ellon, Ellen Griffiths ; sho is old Nan Griffiths' daughter.' (To he continued.) 