"&ieorn; to wo Master, of no Scot am I,' ?'y "Jie just and fear not." <tlu 4 gtvps. Sl'UliSDAY, OUTOBKH 27-nt, 1885." The Election for Patrick's Plains. TUB NOMINATION. ' A NOISY MKI5TING. On Saturday took place an ovonj, frnnght with much iotoroet to this' (lis fcriot—tho nomination of onnriidatos for" the representation of Pairick'8 Plains in the new Parliament. Never .perhaps has much interost been evinced liero in tho proceedings attending a ? nomination. Certainly there, never was a larger at tondanco, .or a moro lively:, mooting. During the morning .country residents poured into town from nil quarters, and tho .Courthouse was crowded to oxcoss throughout tlio whole of tho proceedings. The Courthouse was tho scene of the day's vont?. Punctnally at 12 o'clock Mr J. C. S. McDouall, tho Retuniing- Oflicer, took bib seat on the bench, being followed bj tho cundulfttcs and their supporters, and having read the writ, stated that two candidates had qualified tbemaelvee legally and called ou tlio proposer of Mr W. C. Browne. Mr Browne protested tho retiring uiombor should bo proposed firet. Tho Roturning-Officor said on referring to the file of the Argus that morning ho found Mr Browne's address was issued to the electors on Septembor 19 whilo Mr Gould's did notnppoor till October 7. Several of thoHo prosont, including Mr Browne, etrongly urged that tho retiring momber should bo called on first, and after some little uproar, Mr A. Mutiro roao and said ho had much ploasuro in proposing William Charles Browne as a fit and prop?r per son to represent this district in Parlia mont. (Applause.) At tho last elec tion he thought ho would not again toko any activa part in cloction?, but when this good man came to him and ex plained his views, he thought it right to support him nguin. Air Browne was cordially received everywhere throughout the electorate till they camo to Rix's Creek, but ho would tell them abont that preeently. (" Oh, oh.") They might say "Oti" and groan but he would have his soy. ("Go itold man.") Whcrovor he weut in the electorate he coold hco the mark of Mr Browne's work. Hβ was advocating the canee of a man who had served,thom faithfully in three Parlia ments. In nny part of tho district, they could bco tho work of Mr Browne ; and ho was surprised to see the woik done nt Sandy flillow. Tuoir Into momber nt Glendonbrook said" Gentlemen, I am no roads and bridges man, I ospiro to \- 'something higher." (" So ho should.") In tho name of-all that was good what was tho use of a momber if he would not advocate gutting roads and hridgos lor them in a now country. (" So he has.") Ho objected to too many lawyers, though they might be honorable men. (Ironical groans and nhecrs.) They wsntod nuoh men as Brunker and Burns. (" Yon aro not a candidate."- "Time up. "J Ho wanted to explain [" Lot Browno oxpluin." "Ury up" Laughter.] When \- Mr Browno went to Rix's Creek tho minors hooted him. |_" He should havo answered the question?."] Was that ? man ono of them ? [" Yes." J Tho roturning-officer asked a fair hear ing. A voico : " He haa hud more thim ten miontos." Mr Gould : " Ob, let him run down." [Loud applause and laughter.] Mr Munro Raid ho coiild say a good doal more in Mr. Browne's favor and give reasons why they should place him .at tho head of the poll. C" Oh". " The barber's pole." Laughter) Whnt hod Mr Gould done for them? (Uproar. ~ Hβ voted-ngainet the Lnnd Bill") In his travels ho found that fivo or six selectors at Jerry'u plains woro locked up by largo landholders from getting a road _to tho river. The- road they had to use now was impracticable. A petition in referenco to it woe sent to Mr Gould who quietly shelved it. Mr. Gould :That'H uutruo (Uproarious applause). Mr Munro : Perhaps you will explain what you 'lid in the matter. Mr GonU: I will toll you all about it by- and-byo (applause). Mr Munro avid he bad another case to bring up. A man named Rilter look nij 200 ucrert along tho Gcorangoola road—(" Let the candidate speuk. Mr Gould : " Let him raiiko his charge") This mun s-lected tho 200 acres about a quarter of a mile from the rood. Ho no sooner took it up than he , was throatenod by Mr Gould with an action for £200 damages if ho crossed Mr Doyle's land, and the man had to throw up the laud (" Ah-h. O-ooh) It was a fact. He bad much pleasure in proposing Mr Browne, (Ueur, hear and applause.) Mr. M. Waddell, who was received with applause und marks of dissent, said " Ouce more unto the breach dear friends." (Laughter and applause and c voice "lam thy father's ghost.") Explaining that at first ho was an opponent of Mr Browne's, tho spoakar went on to Bay he bad to nt lnet acknowledge tho lot of work Mr Browne had done for them. ("Oh." " Name one.") Ho could name plenty of works performed. (" White's Falls Bridge.") Since he saw the good Mr Browne did he had always Biipported him and in tended to do bo. (Hoar, litar, nnd op plauso.) Last election they ouly had a promise at tho time of nomination Mr. Browne was coming, and it wae a hard fight this timothny had fl.'fih and blood ( "It will bo harder this time.") [Yonr'o making a rod for your own back."] He wonlrf say again they wero going to score a wiu. (Applnueo.) Ho was not going _tp any a vjqrd about the other rntulid ho reepeotgd i&,f!!ya?4o ft Q n M|gn fls to Aether they should return him as a ropro eentntivohcfiaiii "No. , ' (Gruat uproar.) [t would tnko him too long to go ovor nil JJbo ground. (" Sit down.") Ho wn* aorpnsed to net) Mr Gould in tho last Parliament Kitting on tho side which wont in for slinging Billingsgate. ("Oh, oh," and groans.) Though he might not indulge in it hiuieolf, by ait ting on tho sumo side he identified him- Rolf with those who need tlio language. (" No, no.") Ho said "yes." (""No, no.") After a few furthor romarks, Mr Waddell seconded tho nomination of Mr Browno. Dr. It. Head, J. P., who wns received with rounds of chcere and some groans, eiiid it gave him great pleasure to pro poeo Albert John Gould. Uβ was not going to disease the merits of tbo two cnndidatcH, but would submit a few points which should ho considered in tho selection of a candidate. (Hear, hear.) What he was going to rend was an oxtract from tbo Sydney Morning Herald, which put tho question : " What aro the essential qualifications which a can didate lor Parlianiontnry services should possess ?" nnd answers it bb follows : " It is tho duty of evory olector to satisfy himself, first, that tho candiduto of his choico is an honourable man, not of necessity wearing from his birth tho white flower of blameless hie, bnt honor able in his broad pubiic record, ireo of any proven guilt, froo also of tho clinging etispicion of meanness and baseness, which, iffuledy attached, should, by a very nimplo effort, bo shaken away. Again, ho should possess tho gift of speooh, not to bo used ac a matter of obstruction, but to convoy and express the speaker's judgment upon all matters of importance." And summarising the qualifications of a member of Parliament, tho writer states thus : " Honourable be must be from tho foundation, watchful and industrious always, busy in acqnir mc; understanding of the mattors upon which ho mast judge, and liberal in interpretation of all things ; bat, further, ho muet bo instructed and capable of judgment opDn largo matters. Ho is not fit to take a place in Parliament unless ho has a knowledge of the colony 'o laws and needs ; he must givo no blind vote ; he must givo no blind leading; ho must display a familiarity, not with tbo provisions only, but tho working of tho Land Act; he must know the troth about all important laws of the land ; ha must have given some intelligent study to tho vast qno3tion of finance, and have some intelligent forecast of tho largo requirements of the fature. All these are required to enable him to per form the one groat function of an ordi nary mouther of Parliament—tho giving of an iutolligont vote." Tboao wore the views of a loading Sydney paper, and be would apply it to Mr Gould. Wue ho not an honorable man from tho founda tion ? Certainly during tho past fojt night'iraduccrH had been busy, but their statomorite could bo answered. They knew (hat Mr Gould was watchful and industrious foi their intori'sts. ("Yes.") Ho was not indilloront to the interests of any clubb of the selectors. (" Wouie of thorn.") The cry bad gone round that Mr Gould was the rich man's and not tho poor man's friend (" Ho ie your friend.") All right, but he wae thoir.friond. (Cheers, and uproar.) Wue not Mr Gould fluent in spooch and critical in debate 7 (Cries of "Yes.") Was he not from tho nature of hie profession familiar with tbo laws oi the land, and by hie education nnd training well able to doul with matters of finance ?" "Yes, yfs," nnd "No." Had ho proved himself a blind follower oi tho blind 7 Had bo not in his speeches throughout tho electorate proved ho possessed iutolligont i ioab of their requirements 7 (Hear, hoar.) They had had an opportunity of judging what sort of man Mr Gould was. He had faithfully performed his duties— (cheers)- — and they should not be mis led by erroneous statements or election eering dodges, but join in agreeing ho wns tho best person to represent them. (Loud npplaueo.) To those who ! upprovod of Mr Gould's candi dature, ho would say " Stick to him and put him in at tho head of the poll." To those who were doubting, ho would say '.'make up your minds after hearing the two candidates to-day," and be bad no doubt they would con clude Mr Gould was tho beet man. (Applause.) Those on tho other side ho would seriously nek to reconsider their determination. ("Hear, hear.") Tho speaker was loudly applaudod on concluding. Mr C. H. Durham wns rocoived wit' 1 Etorms of applause. It afforded him great pleasure, he said, to second Mr Gould's nomination. (Hear, hoar, and applause) At the lust general eloction Mr Gould came before them an untried man but was still returned by a large ni?Jority. (A voice : " Thirty-four.") The majority there thai day would agree that Mr Gould had proved bitusolf the best representative they had ever had. (Loud upplause and groans.) Through out hie whole career bo had acted, spoken and voted in an inependent mauuea—(hear, hear)—and never nvxing himself in any way wi'.h swindling or jobbory. (Rounds of applause.) Very few members of the lute House could offer tbonieelves for re-election to their constituents with as clear a conscience or as mncb ehauco ol success ne Mr Gould. (Enthusiastic( upplause.) Aud when thuy caw bo' inuny of his supporters present smiling co confidently—(Applause and dissent) —it uugured well for the succoss of their friend Mr Gould, whose nouiinaliou he had much pleasure in seconding. (Applause.) Mr Browne camo forward amid appluuse and groans. After referring to the reasons which had induced him to come forward, ho said he had been handicapped in a most unusual way throughout the contest, and could defy anyono to point to n precedent for a new enndiunte having to speak before the old member. [Applause.] For nil muulojpel nnd parliamentary contests the i4d Piewbsr spoke JJret, He had (had to submit to a system of under ground ongioouringandilm taking about !of n round robin which pooplo wor.o pot to sign and ho thought ihomsolve? "clewed ' tip." [Hour, hotir," und "No, no.] LIo nover yet asked iinyoiiu for a mnglo vote— y" You did.") If ho guincd the olcciion in tliu wny nsiuod ho would refuse to Bit. (Dt'rieivo laughter). " If ho could not ' bo elected in n manly straight forivnrd way, without roeorliug to such contomp liblo dodgery, ho would rrfneo to sit. (Appluueo nnd dinsi-nt.) Ho had re presented this place in Parlinnicnt nino yoirs. (Avoii-o: " Too long.") Whon first returned ho found localisms in a sadly neglected condition, nud at onco net about to got thin right. Uis work conld bo soon through tho wholo con stituency. . (Applause.) Henovor kept ft paltry letter from n Council Clerk thiinking him for his servicep. (" You could not." I , You havo to bo worthy first.") All ho conld coo that his op ponent had dono was to have a lockup erected nt Goorangoola, costiug £800, on tho potitioa offour pooplo, and there had not boon a single cuso for it. (Ap plause. "That bliows the improving condition of tho pooplo." " What about tho Broke rcsorvo 7" " Look nlivo,") As his BtnttMiient might bo douicd thnt he had toon even lately doing work for tho district, he enid eomo time ago ho received a potition, signed by a largo number of inhnbiinnte of tho district, re spectiug the placing of a rail on tho low level bridge. (" Who took it in lor you—you didn't present it." Applause.) Tho potitiou was sent to him by the lato Mr H. P. Staey. (Mr Gould: tlonr, hear.) Ho then road tho ollicinl reply to tho lotto; , .' (Mr Gould : Just a repetition of what was- - told mo two and half years ngo. Enthusiastic up plnuse.) He merely gavo this nt> one iiiHinnco. (" Oh.") Ho was not respon sible for people sending him potitions which woro not attended to by their member. (Qrent uproar, and Mr Gould: " That is untrue.") If this iutorrnption continued it would be impossible for him to proceed. Tho roturniii?-officor askod thai tho candidate should recoivo a fair hearing. Mr Browno said ho opposed Mr Gould in tho first place because ho was a professional and therefore could not ace independently as their' momber. (ApplniHC " What about tho Wol iMiibi?" "What about S'arnell ?") If two parties woro -in a conflict and 'one engaged Mr.Gould as solicitor, who in God's nmic w?b tho other man to appeal to! (A voice: "Browno.") Witness the case of Nicholas Rittor of Gooran goola. A man took up 200 acros of land—(" Is that nil")—on Thursday. (Mr W. J. H. Durham hero said somothing to the candidate.) Ho would aek Mr W. Durham not to interrupt him. (Laughter.) If he slopped thoro till & o'clock ho woold hove his say, (Applause.) Howling would not put him down. (Mr W. Durham : " If I stop horo till 6 o'clock you won't put mo out.") Ritter, as he snid, took up 200 acres on Doyle's Goorangoola run, eighteen months ago. on a Thursday. On the following Mon day ho received a loiter from Mr Gould threatening him with an action for tres pass, and claiming £20(J damages if he dared cross Mr Doyle's land to the road. Thoro was no denying this—he enw the letters. Lot Mr Gould deny this it ho could. After he had got tho letter Ltitter want to Doyle, who told him to go to Mr Gould, but Mr Gould said he would havo nothing todo with it. ("Vory hquorablo.") Did Mr Gould act then in his capacity ao representative—("no") who should surround tho selector will) tho protection of hie power. Tho man had at last to abandon his laud, ("Oh," and- applause. Mr Gould: And|Ritter asked Air Gould to get him a refund of his £50. Applauso. A voioo: why don't you tell us all about it, not ono side ?") Thoro was another mattor. Sovoral HGitlers at Buggy Flat applied for a more direct lino of road to Siuglolon, but though this application was aiado long since, not a word bad boon heard about it. (Uproar.) Again, five or six Helectore near Jerry's Plains had to travel about seven miles round to reach Jerry's Plains, only three milea away, aud yet nothing had been douo. (Ap plauso). Mr Gould had stated that ho never charged anyouo for his sorvicos ("no more ho has.") He held in his hand—("Oh") Perhaps it would bo denied. It read "Mr John Smith to A. J. Gould, Solicitor, August 6, 1885, consulting with you as to making c.p. and preparing description and declara tion, ono guinea) ["Oh" and groans, and uproar.] During tho wholo time ho was in the House he never charged anj ono for any servico [Applause] "Tell us about political matters." Mr Gould: Lot him go on.] Ho was charged with being a dummy in Parliament [" So you were."J It would be well for the colony if Jess speeches were made. [Hear, hear] Wheu a subject was de bat )d by five or nix. speakerd it was ex hausted, and tho others only re-iteratod, parrot-like, what tho others said, and for the purposo of seeing their names in print. f"Oh,"aud a voice, "you couldn't do it."] Ho had on many occasions spoken in. tho Uouso on important measures £Oproar]. Some ono had ac cused him of being a equattor, but ho defioJ anyouo to point to a eiuglo iuetanco when legislation croppod up thut lie had evor voted against the host ! iutereHts of tho puoplo. f" You weren't in the llouso then."] He had always giveu his vote in the Liberal interest. the Government's.") Ho was a poor man when ho left tho House and was a poor man still ("Question , ') He had uo personal ends to gain by seeking election, no axe to grind. His pust acts would show "<-' always worked for their best iutereets, and if bo had made wore all liable to mako them —they were errors of tho ' head, and not of tho heart. [Hear, hear,] Once when Air Johii Stowurt, a former member 'for Kiama, .tabled a resolution that all Aots should bo punC- l touted, bo ns to make tbom raoro iuk'llj gible to , tho gonoral pnblic, every lawyer in tho Houno votod against it. (_" So they ehonld."]. It was far bolter thoy should return a mnn of common , hod so, so as to render the Acts intollr'gible, and prevent them bocoming eomplicalod. [" You alwuys follow tho Government whip."] Only tho othur diiy ho read an artialo in Reynold's Journal pom ting out how the lawyers in tho Honsc of Commons had bonefited themselves at the expeneo of tho public—[_honr, hrnr] —nnd tho article odviscd the people not to roturn any lawyers to Parliament. ["What about Beaconsfiold?" " Givo us something about tho Soudan."] As his opponent had epokon in tonne of disparagement of ono of his,supporters, ho had a p'rfrct richt to rofor to ono of i hie opponent's supporters. [" Nniuo him."] Dr. Ilosd, at ono of Mr Gould's inootings, said tho nctivo part ho was Inking in tho contest was duo to patriotic motives. [Dr. Itoad : " Hoar, hour" ; and a voico ? " Wo boliovo him, t00.".] Lei them hoar what ho had to say, and not interrupt. [Laughtor.]'.... This gontloman took connidornblo troublo to show hie patriotism, and ho would sng-; gest to n dear friond who was now writing a history of New South Waloe, that Dr. liead's namo should be roonrded in it. [Dr. Road : " Hoar, hoar."] Ho gavo hie undivided attention to tho elec tion, and wont tho length of bringing thirty- five minors from Grtta to support Mr Gould. J." It's faleo," " It's a Ho," and cries of " oh" nnd " Namo ono of thorn."] Ho caw a tnlrgrom in the Mercury of Mr GonM holding a suc coesfnl mooting, of tho crowd nhcoring and singing through tho slroots, " For he's a jolly good follow. ["So ho is," and applaueo.] In the press report of his mooting, and ho was not going to accoso the Argus of prejudico—(A voice : " You cannot") —it wos said ono hundred and fifty woro prosont, when thero woro four hundred at least. It scoinod strango that Dr. Road wont tho length of a personal canvas of tho district—[Dr. Rond: Yoe] —and spout ho ranch cash as ho did. [Dr. Road : Question.) Oh, but ho knew it. [Dr. . Uoad:' I supposo.l can spoud tho cash <l : mako hero.] jWheii Dr. Road sup 'portcil him lie did not go to so much tronblf. (Uproar.) Ouo wonld nltnost think his J salvation dopendod upon the rean't of this election. [Hour, honr,] On the other hand let tnum look at this. Dr. Road had refused to attend tho poor people in tho Singleton lioepital unloss ho got his fees. [Excited groans and interruptions met this Matomunt, voicee saying " Ttiat's moan," "acontemptiblo Btatoinont," and bo forth, j Ho con sidered the I<iBt Parliament—[a voice: " wore muffs ") —tho worst, collootivoly, they over had. [" Too many squatters."] Ho would not havo boon with the nquattors. He deh'od anyone to show be had over given a voto tigainat tho in torosta of freo selectors. [A voico: " You followod the Government whip all tho titno you were thoro.l That mau was not responsible for what ha said. The lact Parliament was tho worst thoy ovor had. Take tho Land Act. In etoad of being denominated "an Act to nutond tho land laws" it ehould hove beon ?' an Act to crush free solection." In the Woatoru Division selection was entirely rcstriotod, in tho other two Divisions it was restricted to only half the runs. Tho rune had beon dividod and fiftoon years' lease granted and selection could only tuko placo in tho resumod area. A person was obliged to fenco within two years, but he thought five yoars should havo boon nllowod. Ho was opposed to this provision—a person should bo allowed to put on what im provements ho wanted. The elector was not allowed to impound for trospass. f A voico : " You aro following (Jonld-H npeech.] Ho was roading tho law, not Mr Gonld'e speech. . The selector was; unablo to protect himself in haying no power to impound for trespass. [A. roioo:;" " Tbo Bqnattors did that."]; Whilo -'.liberal "concessions" were made to intending selectors under the now law in having only to pay 2s. an acrb deposit; and only being reqaired to fence, and have five years' .'residence,' under tbo old laws selectors bad to pay 5s por acre deposit, and p'rit on £1 worth of im provements undbr the law of 1861 and ; 10s worth undor the Act of 1866. Tho payments oxaotod yearly — 9d interost and 3d principal—he always urged should be taken in liquidation of tho balanco of 15s. Ho also desired to soo tho land classified, as all land was not worth tho same. Ho also advocated tho opening np of tho extensive reserves, j except those required for stock, in the interior—tho wator reserves should be opened without delay. Ho also favored tho extension of milways so long as there was a ronsonablo chance of the out lay on thoiu being rocoupod. [Hear, hoar.] Ho opposed the Graftou-Glen Inues line—[Hear, hear] —it was one of the most scandalous pieces of jobbery eveiy perpetrated. If returned he would voto against it. [A voice ;? You won't be returned.] It was net loft lor that man to say. (uoise.) Thoro were a number of thinking people who would not bo cowed by those howls. Ho also favored moro liberal patent laws. [Hear, hoar.] Every facility ehould be given for grant ing patents, aud encouraging inventive goniu?. It was quite time a ftiir and equitablo Local Govorumeut Bill should bo adopted. [Hoar, hear.] People in country districts could then man ago their own affairs, and it would relievo the central Government of an onormous amount of work. Members boing thus relioved of a largo amount of work would be ablo to devote more timo to legislation. Whon ho represented them tho whole of hie timo was occupied with localisms, und ho had dealings w'th selections not only in this dintrict but in others, and many woujd not havo haJ homes ovor their hoads but for him. [A voico : Narao them.] Well, there was Mrs Atkinson of Bridgman ; Potor Gett was another, and there were scores of others. [ A voice i No moro than your duty,] Ho never chorged for any of hie' Boiyices either.- [A voice ironi. colly ; ThcroVrio'iniethko you 1i?yo dope a lot.) So would do more yet. [A voico : You wont got a chance.]i Ho 1 was not in favor of spending lurgo sums of money fo; immigration. [A voico : Why yon voted for it.]- Oh, nonsense.- [Lnughtor.] Immigration wna un- Hocoflsnry. Tho colony won wel'-known and thoro was fnqutMit communication from tho old country'now. [A..voice: j Ton voted in -tho Houeo to bring out ! immigrants.] Ho voted for bringing out agricultural labors. Thcro oortninly was a nocosBity for bringing out fomalo servants. ;[ OhJ Ho favourod pay moit of mombore. (A voice : You said yon woro a poor innn. Laughter.] Aβ Parliament should ho tho redox ol tho opinions of tho people ; tho people should not be restrict od in thoir choice. [Henr, hoar.] Ho also would ndvooato that this payment of members shonld not eomo into optratinn till tho succeed ing Parliniuonl. [Hoer, hear] (A yoico : You won't got thoro.) For tunately that man could not influence tho contest. (Tho same voico : Oh, ya. I'vo got a voto, old party.) Then thnt ?maii would voto for Mm io tho ond. (Laughter.) Ho ?ns nlso opposed to thn practioo of a ceudidato having to deposit £40, end bo voted again?t it whon tho Bill was introduced by tbo Pnrkea Ministry. (A voico: Always against Park''8.) Ho wonld liko to see that olnuso aboliehod. The Civil Service Bill was passed in tho last Parliament without any division. If. did not deal fairly with nil classes, such as schoolmatitore, nnd tolograph officers, and was tho most imperfect Act ovor passed. Tt ro qairod £100,000 a year to carry it out .now. Tho working Govern ment workmen should also have been included in it, just tho same ns iho olerk who got his £100 or £200 a yoar. Tbo workman hnd do ono to champion their enuso. Ho brlieved in mon acting consistently—not changing at a particular timo, or pander io tho electors whon thoir voles nro wantod. This lend him to rotiollect another of tho lies put about by tho paid toute on tho othor side, and they had boon cir culating libels him, through out tho electorate (Groans.) ? Ho roforrod; to tho statement that ho would crush tho railway meu if ho was elected.. (A voico: Yon can't do it. Cries of " name.") No ho never do vulged nnruos... Crir-s of "Oh" and groans.) Though ho had so much to do with them tio uuvor yot divulged a private communication boiwoon. him self and bis constituents. (Dissent.) He never told a public . mooting, with unblushing faco, tho namo of any man who ankud to got a billot. ', Applause nnd groans.) Mr Gonld stated the other night, that Mr Nohlo had asked him for u billot. This was a scandalous thing for anyone in tho position of a luomber to do. (Applause nnd hooting. A voico : It is a lie. Another man : Gould nover promieed a mac o hillo, to got his voto.) Such, a thing destroyed all privolego in 'com munication—[A voico : Mr Gonld did not expose as you did now when you etatod the nnmos of pooplo you got homes for.] During tho whole timo he wub their member ho nover divulged tho namo of any who Pent him a communi cation—[a voice : They wero vory fow.] —oxcopt it was to expose villainy. (Oh, end great uoiao.) " If you are brongbt horo to howl you won't provout mo enying what 1 have t isay. " (A voico: "You've talked an hour and a half alroady."—Anothor voioo : I could talk you down in half an hour myself.) Ho was totally opposed to tho oxoieo duty ou tobacco. Tho taxee generally foil upon the work ing man. Tho Sydnoy mcrobants really ruled Now South Walos. (A voico : They aud the squatters havo amalga mated.) They.should not allow manu fuctiued goods, oft?n tho product of American gaols, to eomo in duty freo, while the raw material they eont away was tasod. Dutios should bo loviod on those articles we rould manufacture horo so B9 to give oncouragomont to nativo industries. This course vrtu adopted yoare ogo in England aad teudod groatly to bring about that national greatneeee sho uow onjoyod. Ho also favored . a - Bill for tho eradication of , tho. prickly pear. (A voico: "On the squattors' runs." Auothor: "Wont thorn for jam." A third: Why don't tho squattore cut tbem down ?) " You had bottor nek thorn." (Applause.) Ho could not give his adherence to tho full pro- gramme of tho Looal Opticn Loagno. Ho favored tho extension of tho fran chise to Parliamentary electors to say whether the houses should be inoreaeed, but would not have it affect ronewuls, bscauso it would bo interfering with vested interests created under tho la?v. Ho was in favor of tho Publio School system, and would resent any interfer ence with it. (Applause.) Hia action in referouce to this question had boon mieuuderstood. Whon Sir Henry Parkes introduced hie Bill to sweep away tho denominational element, ho opposed it on the ground that vested intorests would bo interfered with, tho various donominatione having built tho schools at their own osponso, the Stato only providing a teacher. But a majority of the pooplo having decided in favor of it, he would lot it romain. Look nt tho number of schools ho had osUbliihod in tho electorate.'?? (A voico: "Where were you whon thodiiieiou took place?") Ho paired off. (A voico: "No; you were in tho refreshment room.") That man seemed to know more about it than he did. Ho was callodaway owing to the lll.iens of one of his childron, ana ho pairodofi. (Applauao.) Tho man was a coward to make such a statement—it was totally uutruo. (Applause and groans.) Mr Burnott: " Did you not on the Singleton platform tell mo" -. Then ensued a perfect storm, ap plause, a'ud groans. " Mr Burnett could not bo hoard, while- Mr Browno gesticu lated and'flourishoil sbrne Parliamentary paper saving uoiuothing about a rotten bridge, to.Mr Burnett. The upro?rfaera Vfiie uutlcaoribablo, Wbot rTCB said could' not tio board-for tho din.- j ? When matters had qnirtenod d'own, Mr Browne wont on tomiy Mr Gould had neglooted thoir intorests. Thoro wae tho ensu of Goorgo Dougherty. The roport of tho Select Committoo was brought bpforo tlin IIoubo on March 20, 18S4, but nothing had boon dono since in tho matter— no further action taken at nil. It was n crying slianio that had not broil given through this neglect of duty. [Mr Gould : " It ih not true."] Tho report had novor beon adopted, why did Mr Uotild not go further. [Mr Guld : " You know well enough tlio procodu ro of Parliament.") If elected he would do all ho could in tho interente of this conntituoncy, and holp to raieo '.his country to tho highest pinnnclo of Huccosa which bIio would attain in the rink of nations. [A roico: " VVhnt about froe trudo."] Ho was neither a free trader nor a protectionist. Hβ would support montuiro not men. It was moro thun probablo ho would, if elected, holp toouat tho piose t Oovernmont. ["Oh" and luughtor, and a voicii : "Will Jiiiiuiy Farnoll take yon into his (lovornmont."] Mr Gonld had made an allusion to his epooch at Gjsford. (A voico : " Wo saw it.") Although ho disagreed with the Land Bill, Mr Pernell was ono of tho fairest men they over had—(Hon*, hoar) —and may a poor man in Now South Wales had to thnnk Jamoa f qniro Farnoll for hating a homo over Ih'b head. Aβ a man, ln< rospoctod Air Farnell, though liodidnot like his Land Bill. (A voico: " You didn't eay thnt at Ooeford.") They would gel it from tho rocords of tho House. (A voice : " You said you would canvas Wollombi for Mr Farnel —Hoar, hoar, groans, and applause") Homo little nlhwanco should be. made for an after-dinner spoecb. (ApplauHo and loud laughter.) Mr Lindsay : You said you woro a ' poor mau when in Parliament, and oro I so still, how are you going to support yoursolf? (Irouical cheers.) Mr Browne said ho had enough to livo on and could Bnpport himself nnd family. (Groans and applause.) Mr Burnett: You said yon were going to voto against tho Government. If. tho Govornor sends for you to form a Ministry will yon uudortako tho tnsk? (L')iid laughter and applause.) Mr Browne said ho would not bo eo conceited an to think of such a thiug. (Applause.) A voice: Aro you in I favor of a Ministor of Agriculture being I appointed ? Al r Browne enid ho wae. (Hear, hoar) He favored toacbing elementary geology and chemistry in the schools—it would work its bonciil to agriculture by toach 1 ing tho farmer how host to troat hi* 'ground. (Hoar, hoar) ' A roico: If the Education question I comos before the Uouso yon will be plncoiHn an awkward position? Mr Browne said certainly not.(np plrtueo.) , He had received his punish ment for tho way ho voted in tho matter before. A voico: In the ovent of your boingaekod to form a Ministry will you havo Jack McElbono as Minister for Lands? (Laughter.) Mr Browno. eaid cortainly not, they wouldn't make a very,happy family. (Laugh tor.) A roioo: Do you favor au absentee tax? ?-.."????? ? - '?- ' Mr Browno: Yes. A voico : Do you favor tho wholo manifesto of tho Local Option Leagua. Mr Brown : No. (Applause.) Some uoiey clamour in reference to eomo question about tho workmen on tho Moeiue. Browno's stations followed. Mr Browno said ho approved the send ing tho Contingent to tho Soudan. Hβ was not in favour ot Federation on tho lines just now proposed, nnd with tbo tariffs ns they were. Mr ftoubon asked why Mr J. W. Campbell, ono of Mr Browne's staunclt est supporters, wns not present that day, but Mr Browno suid he did not know. Mr Millard athod somo questions about tho Bnlvatiou " Army." To which Mr Browno β-iid ho though tho "Army -, had dono good work in Sydney, and ho was in favor of tho greatest religious free dom to ovory body. (Applause) A voice : Do you you roally think you wold mako a hotter member than Mr Gould. Mr Browno said undoubtedly, amid oheore and groans aud crioa of " what presumption," " what impudence." Mr Burnett nskod Mr Browno how many times ho liad't) bo oarriod from tho refreshment room into tho Houso whon tho division bull rang. Mr Browne : Nevor, and if you eay so you are a liar. (Cheers and groans.) Thou ensued another scene of con fusion, and Mr Browne or anyono elso could not bo hoard. Mr Browne wae thought to eay Mr Burnett owed him n grudge for expoeiug his couduct in rofor ouce to a bridge. Tho upionr lasted some time. Mr Gould was loudly cheered again and aguiu on coming forward, those marks of approval being mixu.i with groans from tho other side. Ho said ho would havo to donl with eomo of the remarks thoy had heard that day. In the first place Mr Munro said that at tho Inst eleotion he made up his mind novor to trouble with an election again, but ho did not Wll thorn why. IMrMunro: Aelc tho question and 1 will toll you ?] He did not toll thorn that Mr Browne wns a ctmdidnte at tho eleotion, coming horo before tho day of the poll and went away on tho night of the polling bo diHgasted that he did not wait a day iu order to thank tlioao who voted for him. [Cheers.] Now Mr Browno found this game did not do, aud so he cunvasses the olectorato although bo will not aek for a voto. [" Hooray."] Ho went over thewbole ttleolorato ana no doubt Hero a good deal of noise was made by Mr Gett. Mr Goujd, pointing scornfully at him said, ." Geatlemen; that man" wns tbo , first man in the elootorato who asked me to do him a favor of tor I woe returned. I (.Queers aud ditmout.) ; : '-.: ? ? ? , V* Mr Woit wnsgronnod down. '^.Ij Mr Gould, confinuintf -, , p been told.byMrMnnA ing nt Rix'b Un-ok. Ho ..„ , impression Itix'e Crook Z J" 1 ?? centre, nnd whon Mr IWn' i ? -"-ting for that pi H^ foro, tho minors attended and li. > to_ what Mr IWno had I? '!' voico: " So they did." Anotll;' ! " Ewryono listened ; who ! '^ ?t-tnonte, ?nd had a perfect rig), ,1 a the meeting. (IW.hcaJ, g had ? right to .ay whether the} JJ vote for Mr Browne or not; nm ] Z the mooting w,tl, him, ho foj oonldnt have everything l,i, n ,? = (Uproar.) Mr Mr Browne's merit*, told them * thing about Bandy I wat got then.. fNoi.o.; ' of. [Mr Munro: "Ho g0 , $"} plnano nnd groans, during Munro excitedly wnvod eomo M J hi* hand.] They know ,h,t ffi Munro wont to his place at Wn| Jj ho had n nice bridge to cros, J ovory ttmo ho drove otor it ho of wh?t tho old momber got foAt [An npronr o isnod, nnd Mr Slanto" a Btato of excitement, j umpd |j ?CBt.culntod, nnd patted Mr BroL tho buck.] Now nnothnr matter I forred to ho would nek Mr SUtirf to bo quiot. Mr Mooro dso u the troublo to condemn him bec? ho was q Inwyor, nnd because tks were too ninny lawyers in tho Hod (Mr Munro: Hoar, hoar.) Who J them their glorious constitution:wmj[ lawyer or not? (Loud cheers.) I^ ono of thoir greatest Inwyera- Willi) Charles Wonlworth who gara H. Mint Constitution. Who g tT e fo thoir laws ? Who had , heard of John Bailey Darvall! ffi h?d not heard of Robert Lone j( Lord Shorbrooke ? Who had , hoard of Sir James Mailij (linthneiastic cheore.) If they ?< not to havo lawyers in tho Home Q, holp them ! (Uproar, and a roice'ers out : Who wunts Harry Levieo in t> IIouso ?) Yea, Mr Munro was reltti bymarringo to Mr Lorien. WonHl roject biui becaneo ho was a lawrif (Mr Munro : Yes I would.) (Ck* and groans.) Let them consult; & if tho gentleman nainod was not nib n eont in tho IIouso wns ho nottbjt become; rolntod to Mr Monro t marriage? (Hear, hear.) Would!! Muoro ttay Mr Lovien wb mu honest man, willing nnd abletodoi duly 7 (Cheers an<\ graane end cidu intorruplioa, during which Mr Mrai vainly essnyod to make himself bed And this was ono of the men ?1 opposed him beonuao ol his profeetioi Ho did not condemn a man because t happoned to be a t-iiuattor or anjtbh elfio ; if bo liked a nia.i could ha hom to hia country uo mattor what hiscillio (H?nr, hoar, and clioors.) They did n want claae legislation. If eo nby ooi take- tho votes of lawyers away i| howl thorn down. (A roico: They iff tbo host mon. Cheer?.) Mr Brora wii8 a squatter. What harm b?s tbe in etandiug thcro, ? lawyer, aud sijii ho wbh not ashnrnod of the profusion whioh ho belonged—tCheers)—beao it wns an honorable proleseion—bocaotj it was an cnlighieuod prof? —(Enthueinetic applause.) Wi??s in tho majority in the Its House, which piisHoJ the land Ian (Voices: Tho squatters.) Mril/onrc>/ieka|H what ho had dono. Let them luoll round tbo oloctornto and tlicj would iqji their wants had not bnen neglected, epit| of all Mr. Browne could say (appl?tue,*j Ho was willing to giro Mr Brown| credit for hie work nor would li say that ho had neglected tbeni, but u tho samo time he tjok credit for aki having dono his duty. (Hear, bear) Noi; Mr Waddoll auid ho did not des're t| ses him thoir repreeoQtalive. lint if Mf Waddell ruqnirod his services in coal ncutioa with laud iiinttire, ho knew hi vvus quite as willing to assist him ssanj other man in the district (Hear, heuj Mr Waddoll also said ho had identiW himself with a party guilty of atisji Billingsgate language. (Uproor), Nofj ono gontleman of whom Mr Monro, Bpoko, Mr Burns, had identitied him-; eolf with tliO sanio party. Whenererh' epoko in the llouoo ho spoke as a gont's mau. (Hoar, hoar.) Was it becicseU happunod to sit on tho unnio eiJeofil;'. Houeo as thovo who used Billiogsgi!) that ho was to be considered identifid with thtiu ? (A vqico : Not et all) Would it bo ijpropcr for kin to walk over to tl/o other pide of the Houso because sotno of his party a?;i improper lnnguage/7 (.Cries of " No.") Then let them throw this objection to tho windB—a poor, uioan, petty, cm tomptible clurgo. (Cheere.) Electto wero frequently conducted by means o! telling half-trnthe. thej know wero worno (han lice. TlieiW just now beon told that nt tilondouW ho sttid he wa? no roads ami bridges oh —bo nspirod to something higher, Bit why wero they not told also that heeaid ho looked upon it as part of the doty of. a member to look after tho wonts oftbf district, but that a member had some- thing higher to aspire to—to assist u legislating aad making law* for the country. (Cheers.) Did they want bin to say they didn't caro about law ' 0I tho country so long us they got toiii and bridgoH? (Cries of " No.") TtoJ wanted a nmn to look afttT their reqoiK mente honestly and justly, and a"'' flamo time devoto attention tu loMw , - of legislation notto'taken pride in eajinj " I'm going to grab all I caa for tb? eleotoratu—I care not for the colony. Mr Browne told them how severely In woe handicapped, and complained oftha position ho occupied in being called M to addresB than first. Did Mr Bronsj reoollectvyhen Mr John Brown ogpoiM him ? (Choors.j Carry thoir mm back ?nd say who epoko firat, (VuiwJ! John Brown.) It wae upt ?u ju?'i?H| ? I. that the old member ebonld npoak ft iio.") Whether it was an ad ',' . or clisaiJvantftKO ifl immaterial ly ioannoancodhiraeelffiriihad 'SJehttoBponk. (Choero.) W. fSSlrnf cnn.i.liine.1 thorn of being K link of a man ?ho co? d ni?ko u L like this, wbich cmid not bo by Uio record* of th? t? Cheers.) Inonoofthorao.it C ' Now Soatl. W.J?- S if me Iho Ga?/ e rrf r/,,.? r (0rea ihteO-conloining tho " aftordinnor ll I '? It eaid " Mr W. C. Browne for his old nativoelectorate. The electoTfi have had to clamor some L for him na ho had determined never Sin to go into U.oA 8 BomWj.Hw ection will bo a glorione ovation. GroBnBandchroreand auRhter. Mr Lno: The article is Loaded 'Notes £,DlheMetropoHe.") r Tl.eartiolocon. nnod " For it w ??? - ??">"n „ ho lost his ecat he ho* ntinned to do mow. than half H,e work." (Loud laughter.) A? to fhera tho ailtolo enmo from—ho had no ?t in tho Metropolis an imraenjo uwiat.of in?cro-t was felt in Mr BOTne'e candidature. Iho people *onia bo glad to hear who had been clamoring for him no, long, of the dorioas ovation" he was go?ng to got, nd oil ebout tho ptntemont that sinco Msdefcnt bo coniinued to do more than half tho work. This might be ttra'd an "inspired paragraph. rUoghtor and cheers.] In support of ibMtotementthalholiod dono half the work Mr Browne produced a reply to n petition for a ha.id-roiLon a bridge I [Laughter, choore, and dissent.] but Mr Browne did something ho forgot to Idl them about—that ho was oekod to nteiont b petition from a namber of rtjiJonta of Glondonbrook about tho i bridge. At this time ho had provontod i,jlonec*usoway being laid down, and ; bsd £1000 placed on the Loau Lβ ti ; M tcB for a bridge Subecquently a : petition wan got up aud signed by the '' wiSente, who snppoecd tho petition was i coming into hie hands, but it was uent br the same gentleman who aunt down \- the petilion eboat tho handrail, to Mr W. C. Browne. (Loud cheers and a (ewginanB, ami Mr Urowno iotorjected something.) Mr Browne said begot no sach petition. (A voice : " Bed memotj,") Anjhow, itwns sont to. Mr Browne io be preeentcid. IA voico : " Who presented it?") Never mind who presented it. (A voice : " Ob,j)ni ire want to know ?," and anothor voice : " It wae i> lady.") MrBrowno said ho bid looked round to etc whatboliad done, ni Mr Monro hed seen oil. CMr Monro :" Nothing." i5r Mnnro got tp imid cbcere ami grnaue, but could Mt be heard.) Tho only thing Mr Browne diicovercd was that ho had u lockup bnilt at Goorangooln on the petition of four persons. Now ho know lotting of the petition lill it had been panted and tondore called for the ,i;il-(a : " That is right")—so VX'Aer there tt?b any biamo or credit JEiit matter, it did not belong to him 'jjBwkat bo had done, ho never yei siifd to preeont a petition at any hi. (Hear, hour.) While travelling bTw Treo the other day, in passing Isaej Ridge someone said, " I'liie ntnork." (A voice: "What about sadly Uno ?") Ho said, " Yes, bnt I iltiitend Mr Browne laid the fonndn b," as ho proloesed to havo laid a akfullotoi fouudations. (Loughter.) itfcparstnicturo wae, however, erected ftheir inewhcr. Mr Arthur Browne; irc-tfaerof Mr \V. C. Browne's, wanted ibo? eomethiiig about Dunolly lane. Mi ho tell them ? Mr A. Browne 6lt for eome money for this place, -ihm unsuccessful in bin application. !k that bo (Mr Gonld) wrote dude application, tho papers wont > k Road Superiotendant who ; when s got his (the speaker's) letter and ?;?! KcoiDiuetided tho grant, CMr A. btissid: "lt'e a lio," and then ad wd to tho front amid a perfect' fes o! groans aud cheers but; ho ?ii H be heard.). NVlion ho wrote , Kaendiug a grant ot £200, the si Superintendent, seeing Mr A. '.B? had writtou about tho matter, :t him a letter at tho samo time ho s?d this. (Anothor uproar enauod Mr A. Urowno eesayod to epeak.) lj?w the truth nbout Dunolly lano iiA.Biovino reiterated ; "It's false 1") ? A. Browno eaid it was false. Ho Rbini that back and could toll him it ! true. (Cheors and dissent.) piling had alao been said about a itter named Kittcr, and about n -S*rof letters wtiicli had pasei'd bo tathem. Two persons applied for a sib on a particular pieca of lnnd, ( ?Pflied for '200 acres and another Uteres, Both munagod to got on iiffle Bpot. Tho laud was aurreyod, 40 acres was given to oiio as an tlional c. p. by tho snrvoyor, not by '(the speaker) and 220 acree wore "toRitter. Riitor found the 40 ""asniore talaablo thiin tbu othor !'?d was t}oeinn)8 of having the ' 260 ncree. Iho Mininter said ??M iiot be done, lhen Kittor s g it was not ilesirablo to retain this to( *i applied through him for a re icfhie depoHJt, and tho rofuud wue through hie representations. ! 'cheere.) (Mr H. SutUor came l 'i amid a great denl uf noise and ?iMBietiueslion in relert'iieo to thin '"' Mr iJould oxplmueil in much ?mm nay ae beforo that Mr Purnell ! ? to give Uitier tlio whole block. 'toiler: Why did Bower apply "f 10 acres a week after Hitter if iwiBhing you any harm, though.) l8 ? and dissent. A voico : 1 will vote for Browne. M r '? JZo 1 will not. Applause.) ? coald not say, but tho sur 18 the man responsible for the (Mr Uott esaayod to lething but W q8 simply howled "hgruaua and hisaoa.) It had coupl s j UB Q that ho had unfairly after charging tint ho bid ague, Wft9 BB j,j tlint n; -, tactbr who had hie?selection fo.rfoitmlorno to him, that they wont and fliiw Mr Fnrnoll, and thit when Mr Parnnll rcfu?ed to r<>vorno tho forfeiture he sent n telegram to. another men to take up tho land.' This charge had rrrii mndo by Mr Browne's purpnrlpr*, and ho oxpluinod tUis an an instanco of how utterly false the charges against him worn. (Applanflo,) (Mi- R. Russell, the selector referred to as having beon dealt nnfairly treated, slopped forward and said the churgo wuh false, and that though Mr 'lould took a lot of tronblo on his behalf ho charged him nothing.) (Lond cheers.) Mr Uuesell and hiniMslf saw Mr Furncll in July, 1884, but tho condition upon which Mr Farnoll'e offer to rcicreo the forfeiture was made was not accepted, (Mr Russell : That is tho truth. :? CheorsO The land was not takon a p till the first lands office dny this yenr, August 6. ? It was taken up by an adjoining holder. When tho application was made he (Mr Gould) asked, if Rueeoll know of it, and ho said Russell would havo notliing to do with iho land. (Mr Russell : That is true.) Now then they could see tho truth of these charges. . Mr Browno showod a papor to prove that he charged for preparing an application ; ho also told the applicant what ho had to do, and as ho also acted provisionally for him ho had a porfi>ot right to charge. (Hesr, hear.) Did ihoy think it was his duty to proparo descriptions for c.p's, prepare application and dccl irations, as a member of Parliament? (Loud crios of "no.") If a man asked him to preparo a couveynnco, becouse he was a member for the district was ho nottoobargo? .(Cries of "no") SupposoJDr. Read was Mioir member. Say a man wont to him with a griovanco nnd wound np with " Oh, my tooth ia so bad, pull it out, yon'rn tho member for tho district." (Lond applause and cheers) Coming vow 'o tho iiinttorof Douglierty's selection. Ho wont with Dougherty to interview Mr Paruell, to whom eo'many people wore Riiid to bo indebted lor. homos, who siiiJ, "I have dociili'd.on tlio miitlrr, Sir John Ruber tsun has derided on the mat tor, and tho forfoituro cannot bo re versed." (Hear, hoar) When ho fouud this, to'be tho case he tabled a motion for a Select Oommitto;, got the papore, took ovidence, nud tho very night the report was brought np, he tabled a motion for its nloption. But though ho elwnye kopt the m'ntler in view tho motion wae never reached. They who ' were awaro of wlia'i Parlia mentary procednro wns know how difficult it wnsto get sur.h n-quoslinn decided whou ' milliliters opposed it, nnd in ' thin matter he had the opposition of Sir John Robertson, Mr Farnoll, and Mr Abbott. Ho would point out that a similar cut/i of n man named Stevens 'was reportud on on April 18, 1884, Dougherty'h coming up on May 20, 1884,' mid yot tho roport in - Stevens' casu had not yet boon adopted. Ho never neglected nny endeavour to got justice moled to Dougherty. (Applause.) Let them go and ask tho mau himself. (A voice: 11 He has often told mo you hnvo done all yon could." Cheors.) Hard aa ho had worked for DoughcUy ho did not intend to charge h'm a single sixpence for it. (CueonO They had elao been told something about the Boggy Flat rood. This motor had boon dealt n'.th by his predecessor, Mr John Brown. Tbe petitioners told him they wore not satisfied with tho decision come to on the matter. " Very well," ho said, " I will 6ubmit tho mutter again." Ho pointed out that the people wore dissatisfied with the surveyor's report, aud, in consequence of bis repre sentations, a surveyor had been ordered to report on the subject again. (Hear, bear. A voico : " There's nothing to blame you for nbout that.") That ho hnd not assisted tho settlers near Jerry's Plains, who, woro, blocked up, was untrue. Ho bad endeavoured to got a road opened from Liddell to Jerry's Plains. Now when thoy found the chargo? so frivolous, they could judge of whot they woro north. He bed been their member three years, and they kuow how ho had treated them. He had always roce'tvod them courteously, and attended to their wants; aud never did behind a man's back what ho was ashatnod to do to his face. (Lond ap planse.) He saw in tho press that Mr Browno deprecated personalities. What was tho first half-hour of Mr Browno's speech ? (A voice: "Abuse.") Ho conceded the right to Mr Browno to oriticino his public nets, and ho would eritieino Mr Browue'a public acts ; and he would criticieo thorn with no unspar ing bund. If Mr Browno hooded the poll, ho would not begrndgo him the victory; if ho (Mr Gould) won, and he believed ho would win—(applatiue)—ho would not li?vo any grmigo against :nen of the opposite Bidowho conscientiously opposed him, and if they asked him a favor at anytime ho would grant it.—(Applause) Now they hnd got Mr Browne's views on various matu-rn ol legislation. H? wus going to criticise eomo of them. Mr Browno had uot explained fully nbout the Gosford premier and banquet. Mr Browuo condemned tho l?tnl law, aud spoko of IeuMOH being grunted (or fifteen years. Lenses wcro no , , to bo granted Icr fifteen years throughout tho whole colony, in some cases it was iivo years, in othert) ten years, and ju others again fifteen yours, Mr Browno said ho ulao condemned tbo clause compelling fencing within two years, and then wanted tho "same liberal concessions" grouted under the vow law extended to tlio old selectors.-tbe liberal concessions ho con demned 1 (Mr Browne: I did not say ho.) Ihey beard him say it. (Mr Browno: " 1 ?aid tho concessions givon under tho new Act wero not granted to tho old selectors.") Any of tho old selectors could oome under the now law if they liked by fulfilling certain require ments. Mr Browno thoy saw had made a mistake about tho tifteou years' leases, Mr Browne aleo told tbe people that Relectors could not impound! Mr Browno showed ho did not understand th.v luw or kuor? wlmt ue wng tull;iti(j about. (Loud chnerc) Selectors could impo'ind. Perhaps Mr Browne did not know tbe difference between maintaining an notion lor trespass and impounding. Hβ (the speaker) tolu the selectors they could impound butcoulJ not maintain an nctinn for '.respnsH unless their land was fenced. Mr Browno had tbns made two or three gross mistakes over tho land' law, and proved himself to havo ,no ability in posing ns a land legislator, (Hear, hear, applause.) Hnd ho (Mr : G.) ever spoken in favour of tbo land law? (Mr Browne : What about voting on Mio second and third reiulings ?) Mr Browne had lhat day explained b'a vole on tho Education question by saying, that he had paired off. Ho pnired off on the third reading of tho Land Bill with Mr M'Qoado, nnd it was on record in all tho papers*, (flear, hear.) He too, goo bin reason for opposing the Bill. Aftor a man spoko there was no reason why ha ehonlci wait about for a week for the division boll to ring whon a pair could] bo obtained. (Lond applause.) Abovo all things a man should bo consietont. Not long ago Mr Farnoll was taken to Gosford, and intro duced as tho man who was going to fight for thnt constituency nnd intro duced as the future Premier. (A voice : " That's true.") Mr Browne was pre sent nt tho lime and so plensO'l was ho with Mr Farnell that ho oxpressoJ his randinees to ? ride over the Wollombi electorate to secure his return—to socuro the roturn of the man who introduced, fougbtfor, nndbroaghtintolaw tho Land. Bill. (Loud applaueo.) It was im possible for a man to say ouo day " Wo'll put you in as Promior," and tho next day pull another ttring and say " I'll yn\\\ you down." (Laughter.) Mr Browno said he opposed swooping nwny tho denominational oiemout in tho school system as inflicting nn injustice, yet as tho majority favoured it ho would be no parly to disturb what now existed. Yet in regard to tho land law, which Mr Browno also condemned, although it passed by. n Inrge majority, thai gentleman would tsko the first oppor tunity of amending it, though he con sidered both laws us inflicting injustice, he would learo tho ono alone and unuoud the other I (Loud applause.) Wns that consistent. ("No.") This was tho man who wanted to get roads and bridges and gave a silent vote oeension ally. (Mr Shttery ndvaiieod amid a stortn cf groans and opplnuse, end asked Mr Gould ii ho 6aid at Bolford he did not boliove in looking after roads and bridges.) He did not. (Mr flattery persisted ho did Hay so. (Laughter tuul applause.) When people wont to hear candidates epo&k; it wns absolutely neei'esnry they should bo on abled to follow an argument—to have sufficient education to understand what what was said. (Laughter.) Ho saul ho did not believe in ? member of Parliament devoting himself solely to rouds nnd bridges. (Mr Sluttery vainly ottornptod to speak again, but could not be heard for the uproar.) Hi? con dnct would give the lio to what had born said. (A voico : Oh, he mis understood you,) Now they wore well acquainted with hie re?>o:-.3 lor cppo.siug tho Laud Act, ho had addressed them several times, and it wae unnecessary to repeat his arguments. (Hoar, hear.) He would scorn to go into tho Hun* 0 as tbo representative of any class— fhea r hear— ho wnnted to represent nil. (Loud applause.) He believed in fair and equal rights, and would not givo to one class what he would not givo to another. (Applause . nnd dissent.) It had also been sail he had paid touts going "bout. (Ic> simply denied it. He had ? splendid committee, glorious fellows, who were lighting the battle because they believed him to bo tho best mun —(tumultuous nnd enthusiastic op plaiiso)—not ono of whom woulJ sell their servicos to nny mun. (Ap plauso.) Tho mon who voted for him last election were sticking to him still. (Applauso and a voice " Good for you") Because gontlemen eupported him they were forsooth called " paid touts" Through Mr Browne's speech runs cno song : " I dont want to be paid for my services?" .Well, neither did ho. The reward ho asked was tho honor of their trust and con fidonce. (Uear, hear) [Another up roar onsuod as Mr Hickey" ineffectually ntttemptod to say something.]] lie unci Mr Browne were bolh aguinst the excise on tobacco, but they would also remember he did not nogloct to oppose it in the House. {Something had been snid about local option.' A Air Nichol son, a prominont local option man, catnn up from Sydnoy with tho object of. canvassing for a certain gentleman— not for htm. (Mr Browno : And not for mc.) He d>d not say it was for Mr. Browne-—(laughter and applause)—who BOOitied to mart .strangely when Mr Nicholson's numo was mentioned. Did tho needlu prick I (Laughter) At any rate Mr N'cholsou camu up to work the electorate for some gentleman who was anxiouos to represpnt lb,e district, but tho afjair didn't result as wai expected. It, had boon said ho did not express his views on local option till after Mr Browne spoke ; why, he spoko in August lusl—(Hour, livur)—when a' deputation from tho Locul Option Longuo waited on him. Ho then said, as lie said, now, that he favored the extension of tocal option to ronowals, but with a proviso for com pensation, He would not tell them as Mr Browne had that" licousing magis trates were too lax in the pertormance of their duties, and; granted licenses to scoundrels of notoriously bad character." Where were theso scouadrels! (Mr Browue : " I won't mention names. , ' A voico : " You can't do it.") If licenses were granted to sconirJrelts why did not Mr Browne as an honest man put a stop to it. (Hear, hear, aud applause. Mr Uickoy theu made an excited rush to tho front, umid grcmus and hooting, but could not be heard and b,c had to retire, but the noioe lasted some time.) Mr Hinkey he thought waa not ucoastouied to apoak in public—ho was nervous. (An- nnd Jwugljtur," vA vvicu \'"h\ uo goof,- old pafly, y..'fll get licked.") ftl>- Gould reltfrned to the local option qu s tion, arguing in fuvor of comp-nsation for houses that might be closed. A.bout tho Soudan question. U?i was not going to epeuk disparagingly of that grand old country from whicli wo had all sprung. (AppliiUHp.) Could it bo said that COO men wcro to Rave England in her byur of trouble. (Applause.) Government shonld not have gone bobind tbe back of Parliament to do this thing. Ho belieTcd that Mr Dalley, as a patriotic Australian, thought he was doing tho right thing. (Huar, boar.) But the Premier was out of the country, an Ttbe adminstration of affuirfl devolved upon a nominee of tb) Crown, not a repre sentative cf the people, and Ministers v?ere scattered about everywhere. The Homo Government was driven into ac cepting the offer hy the Governor's message, (Applauee.) Tho expedi tion wae a gross violation of the consti tution, and Mr Dibbs, ono of tbe Ministry, said that when he first beard of the proposal it fairly took his breath away. Australia's sons would help England if required—(ap plause)—but ho would bo ashamed to think that England could be sorely pressed in such a war ns to need 600 racu. (Applnu?e.) He certainly favored the idea of the colonies contributing to the support of the naval squadron eerjt to protect \<% and would like to sec tho navy iucruiieed along these ehoros. (Hoar, hear.) The Ministry just expiring had been a Ministry of extrava gance, nnd retrenchment nnd - additional taxation would bo'.h bocomo necisa&ary.; J'naaing notice waa also givon to Suuiiitud Paiut, Dnrbcd Wire, aud Mr Wright's posi tion iv the Ministry. Coming to another charge ngninst him, he said ho hnd no wish to say au unkind word nbout the Messrs A. aud H. Nowlnml. He understood they wero anno/ed. Wbon the election first com menced they ssid he wru the best man. (luterruption from Mr Hickey.) He askel nuyuue in tbo neighbourhood of Glounic'n Crock whether their wnnts hfed been neglected. Now, Messrs Bead and Loag worth had a coal contrnct which they wished to have extended, it had been said he had no right to introduce Mchem Head and Long wortu to. the 'Couimieeiouer for 'Kailwaje. Uβ had a right to introduce any gentlomau who wanted to see nu otlicial, nnd co avoid causing him t;v wail about, (Hear, heir.) What would have been said had he refused to introduce them 1 KMr liowne Imd been thm'r at tho tia.e, ho no doubt would hive introduced Messrs Ituad and Longworlb. it nus s?id this contract coj flicted wiih other penond' interests. Was he to say to the Coinmi.-riouer, *' So-and-so has (jot coal.; so-snd-BO will have coal—he ia looking for it," (Laughter.) Messia Head and Longwortb' saw tbo Commissioner in March, but;tbe negotiations were uot con cluded till Ju<y, during which time the Com missioner bad plenty ol timo to consider tbe mutter. Those gentlemen who complained gout, according to the Argus, their first lond of coal into town on the 2Jth of May, two mo;.tha aftur It end anil Long worth wunt to tiic Commissioner and two months bafore the e.ttension of the contract was ?iven. Was then! auything wrong iv all thi j . (Cries of ''No. , ') If nnyiono wanted nn introduction to nn official lie would consider it, his duty to give it. (Applause.) It wus also said he had an interusi in the coal wine. (Jlr Hickoy : "So yoa hare," and uproar.) Mr Uickoy said hu (the speaker) hnd hu iuteiest in tbe mine, bcunust: tho miners wero voting for him. Now Mr Hickey was voting for hisfiicnd, but he did not any .Mr Browne bad nu interest in Mr LlictuVs farm. (Laughter nnd nppl-iue.] The minors wore votiug for him because they believed him to be the b?bt man. [Oliecrs.J If they thought Air Browue the best mau they woro at liberty to take off the bonny bit of blue thuy wore. [Cries of "Ho we won't," " We'll stick to it."] Throe years ngo it whs said be had an lnteioit in tha coal mine. Mr Biowno then said be recog nized ttie fact be bad no tuch iatereet. [Mr Hiokay again persisted in interrapling.] Let him tell them thnt io interest of nny kiud iv the coal mine belonged to him or any of bis family, fKuthusiaetic applause.] The other eido were going to make co rnucu out of this. I bete whs a way of testing it. All Mr Uickoy bud tj do wns to ledge £100 iv , tbo tluuk of Now South' Wales. [Lnngbter.] Then the matter would be referred to tho Elections and Qualifications ComuiitUc, who would enquire into tbe matter, and if the objection was not well founded perhaps'the .£lOO might be lost. [Laughter.] There was a ohallenge for tuotn to tako up if they liked, He had been spoken to for always keeping on tbe defence and notcairying the wur into the enemy's c.inip. Well the other side orly made a nome with tiny popguns nnd penny whistles. [LoiH laughter. | It was said tbe torpedo lost in Middle Harbour had found its way lure and wns going to spring a miuo uuaer hie feet, but it wouldn't go off. ("Laud laughter.] Tho other side bad icaottid to lawyer-ltko di vices, but he thought hu had nn>wered them pietty cutely. (A voice: ?'Sjyoul.ave." Bxcitcd applause. J Did they not think he was able to light for them in the Houbu when be could fight bis own battle on the hmtings, (Crica of " Vcb.") It was said thnt when hvu or six spokti in the House a iubjsct was ex ha'uetedl.,-, Why ,? ho had seen Ministers nnd ex- Ministers who did not di6d?in to appear ninth or tenth on tbo list of speakers. (Hear, hoar.) DiJ they not want v mnn who would let tbo country know there wuu such a dibtiict as Patrick's Plains—(cries cf "you")—uot only who would content him self by seying "Aye" or "No," and moving acrosb the Hoar of ibo House io vote. They wanted ono who could lot his opinions go befoto the country nud his constituents. (Hear, bi.'ur.) Dr. Head had beeu told hu wouid not attend poor patients without pny inenfc'..- (A. voice: "That is iiusuu." Mr Muuro, excitedly : "lie has." Loud hoot ing.) Muny years ago the Ucepital Cotu miituQ decided to have a paid medical oilier, aud Dr. Head was chosen.' After a th.o salary was reduced, "and Ue still remnined on j tbun iV was determined to do without him, and bo he received notice that bis ser vices weic not required. 'Ho know as a fact that Dr. Head was ut all times piepared to assiet needy sick persons without fee or reward. (Applause and groane.) If the committee told Dr Head there was a sick man iv the hospital, he would even now readily go ?nd seehjiu. (dppltuso.) Coald they express ibuir cuntompt fur mc menus used in currying on this election. (Crios of '?uo," Mr JUunro ;"I can provo it" "Throecheers for the doctor" were called, and warmly given.) Whoa they found an elcctiad" conducted by reports passnd from mouth to mouth, and calculated to injure him profeesionally as well as politically, it calkd for their condemnation, 1£ thoy thought Albert John Gould was going to take this biisiu of gruol they were much mistaken. [ApplauscJ He thought he could give a uusiu of gruel, nnd administer it well. [Hear, hear.] Let them rally round on tue 28lh-r.Vo:eeB : "So we will."l —and put the blue on the top of the poll. (Applaud.) a wav who could fight tiis battle on the hustings could tight their battle iv the House. [Loud applause 1 Mr Gould was loudly applauded again anu again ou concluding, n;ai-y of those present jumpmg up and frantiodlly waving their vats. ??.-'.. Mr J. a. ijheeban wanted to know if Jooal option would close all the puWichoueee 'Mr Gould : No, .. . . ', Us 1,-Kt!QoughlaD, advanoed, amid cbeei? Rtia band n naner ft. rjucsUQlie, ho, to ild not be heard jhe paper was liaiiticcV to UrOould. ? .' ' Mr Oonld paid he was nwaro it was iiitudcd to havo a professional man 10 make (inquiries whether he had any interest in the KU'n Crcrk coal mines. Ho then road the q which which "Were to thte effect : ?' How long bcfoic you were elected Jast time did yau transfer your intarest in the coal mines ; to whom did you irinsfer ; if so to any rel itioti ; on your honor will you say you have no iutorest, directly or, in directly in it?" > ? ? MrUoullsaid 'These are lawyer's quts tions." [A voice : Where's Howe ?] ihiy had heird hie explanation already. Were they eatisned. , [Cries of " Perfectly" , '? Te&r; it up," nnd applause.] " Ho had t-ild thorn alrendy neither he or anyone else belonging to him had any interest in the nune. [Cries of Jack Campbeli'd lackey" and groun?.] He expected thtsa qncFtions ti be asked and therefore b? give them a lull add clear statement iv his speech. Mr G. Freeman junr., also handclupa eerida of questions. ; ?'??.'. '. ?Mr Gould : More coal I (Laughter) He said the questions were:—? ? Are you of opinion that so large a con tract as that of Meesre Head and Loogworth should have been granted without tundeis being called ; will you, if elcclcd, move a resolution that the contmct be annulled; when was the transfer made of your interest in the mmc : will you produce the original transfer?" (Loud laughter) Mr Gould said someone imagined be had him in the witness bos, but be would answer the questions. As to the first question it was for tne Commissioner for Railways to deal with~hc kpew best what to do in the in terests of his Department, Most certainly he would not move any resolution to have the contract annulled (Hounds of ap plause) He would tell them why. Theie would be an action for breach of contract against the Government and it would be immediately said he did it for that purpose (Loud applause) Sj far as he knew Messro Kead and Loogworth pot their contract honestly and fairly and abjveboard. (Hear, hear, and loud applause.) Therefore, it was none of bis duty to make auasdot hinibelf. (Hear, hear.) Nor wae he going to produce any document for Mr Freeman or anyone else to ccc. Hβ bad done what was square and straight, and it was useless to go to a lawyer to frame a set of such questions. .Mr Freeman asked . a further quspticm about Dunully Jane, which was substantially the same m' that, ask d by Mr A. Browne. The lasl-uamcd also came forward, and a great uproar ensued, but nothing new was elicited. A voice : How long U it since Mr W. C, Browne transferre 1 his ioterest, in the Rix'a Creek coal mine ? Another ttormy scene ensued. Mr Browne wns understood to deny having an iuterest, but sp'uke of having given £100 to the pro moters. What was said cou.d not be heard, and the hubbub lasted some time. Then the lleturniug-Offluer called for a eho,v of bands. He couutoJ 74 for Mr Browne. Mr Gould's supporters c 'tnpletcly outnumbered this. Air M'Douall .says therj must have beju three to oue in hia favor, aud .Mr Gould was therefore declared to have the advantage. Mr Browne demanded a poll. Cheers were given for. Mr Guild aod for Dr. Bead- Then three riDging cheers were seDt up in hunor of the Ktturning-Ofllcjr, tbwe for tbe Qujeo, i>ml then the su f 'poitors of either side cheered thsir own caaaidau-sand imme diate bupporterd. The proceedings terminated af 4.30 p.m., having lastod four houis and a half. 