SPORTING NOTES. A meeting of the committee and members of the Adelaide Hunt .Club was held at the Globe Hotel on Monday afternoon, when a pro gramme for the Annual Steeplechase .meeting was .arranged, and the fixture .was- made for Saturday, September 26, on the Old Course. We acknowledge receipt of the 'Victorian . Racing Calendar for August. We are informed by Mr. S. Barnard .that satisfactory arrangements have been made with Messrs. Ferry and Bladder for the purchase of the lease ot the Old Adelaide, .Racecourse ; all that now remains to be done is to float the new company, and as nearly all the shares have been applied for there will be little difficulty in completing matters. It is certainly a matter for congratulation that one strong racing club is to be formed for this colony, which will put a stop to the senseless and damaging rivalry we have .experienced in the past. Tae .title of the new club is to be ' The Adelaide EaciDg and Coursing Club (Limited).' It is intended to form a plumpton at Morphettville, .and both courses are to be used for racing pur poses. It is to be hoped that all the sportsmen of this, colony will assist the new venture by taking a few shares in the company, as it is an acknowledged fact that- racing benefits not only the ? racing men, . but the hotelkeepers, : the' tradesmen, and . the colony . generally, as it is the means of circulating ready money. It is stated on good . authority . that Joe Thompson, who was present at the Trotting Club meeting on Saturday, laid a representa tive of the stable £3,000 to £200 about Sardius for the Melbourne Cup. A commission-to back Coronet for the Cup to the tune of ten thousand 'Was put in the market last Saturday, bub we believe the money was not forthcoming at the price demanded. Joe Thompson was greatly pleased with the. appearance of his : colt, whom lie purchased of. . Mr. Jordan, and who was present on the Oldj Course on Saturday. Joe also- greatly admired1 the condition of the youngsters who stripped in the Sapling Stakes, and says that Victoria hasn't ''the ghost of a show ' of winning the' Maribyraong Plate. He ; considers our two-: \- year-olds are three or four , months in advance -of the 'Victorians owing- to the ' difference, in climate, .and that the Flute must go to an Adelaide or Sydney youngster. . His Excellency 'the Governor -has made' known to the master of the -Adelaide- Hunt j Club 'his intention to give a cup to 'be ? one of! the prizes at the Steeplechase meeting- on: ?September 26. His Excellency leaves it to the stewards and master to select the race to which* it shall be assigned. We have no doubt that: a very keen rivalry will be excited to win this; 'trophy, as no such honor has ever been con-: f tried on the Hnnt Club. The race for the Hunt Club Cup will be enriched on the forth coming occasion by a very graceful contribu tion on the part of Mr. Woodhouse, the wellr known artist of. racehorses, who has offered to the master to paint in oils from life the winner of the Hunt Cup, the picture to be -an addition to the stakes of a very welcome character. : The president of- the Hunt Club, Mr. R. Barr Smith, has notified to the -master that he: will again; as on so many previous occasions, ;give4he: Hnnt -Gup. \- The ' metalh'eians ? who came over tf or - the ; S.A. Trotting Club meeting returned - to Melbourne by the steamer on' Wednesday. \- The 'Leviathan before he left laid the following -Btraigbt-out wagers about the Melbourne -3up : \ —£,€00 to 200, SardiuB ; §,000 tor 300, Coronet, , -and 5,000 'to '300, Commotion. He-also- laid 9,000 to 40 'against .Joanna for the.' Gaiilfield ?Cup. ?'?He offered 4 to 1 in ?'^monkeys'-' against Newstead for --the Derby,' and -a lev.eV pony i 'that he would- not get a place. 'Neither goffers ?was accepted, but fives to -one Newstead- were | -granted. ' Ten thousand to a^tho.usand 'was! offered J tjwiee . about 4ocal ^oungstersj for -the - -Maribyrnong Plate,- but -astbe backers -wanted; this sum to-nlne hundred no businesB was done. The members of the^.A. CQursingClub met at the Prince -Alfred -Hotel .on Wednesday' night (Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P.,- presiding), ) \- when the -stakes and trophies won at the recent ,- ?; Mount Pleasant -meeting 'were paid-over to the ; -winners. -Mr. ;N. -Wiieatoni of South-road, ; was fortunate enough 'to carry- off the 'double ': event, the. Bracelet Stakes . being, won by his : r.b. Buxom II., by 'BravisBimo— Buxom, ?»ndithe-'St.. Leger -Stakes by his f.b.-Fary, ' ? by . 'Fairboy — Buxom. Fairboy , is - a aon \ 'of Bravissimo, so it -will be . -seen that ', 'the winners are very ?closelyTelated. . Furyhas \- won nine courses in successioivJiaving'Won the - Puppy- Stakes at HindmaxsU Island at -the be- ' ginning of the. season, «o that she has well -maintained the reputation of ''Fairboy as a sire. : ? In- addition to the first money in the Bracelet i ' Stakes;. £20, Mr. Wheaton won for ins daughter . a very handsome gold bracelet set with dia- - ? monds and -sapphires (purchased at-Wendt's), : vahie twenty guineas, presented by Mr. C. H. ? ; T. Hart ; and Mr. W. BUnman, owner.'of the -runner - up,' Blossom,, by ' Bra.vissimo — Bashful, .won for his .daughter, a hand-: 'some gold bracelet (purchased at Van-^ dome's), value. twelve guineas, .presented ^by: Mr. J. 'Madden. The healths of the donors were- drunk with cheers in bumpers of cham- . pagne, as were also the healths of the honorary judge (Mr. Alex. J. Murray), the landowners, and the worthy chairman. It was stated by the secretary that Mr. Irish had intimated it was not advisable to attempt to hold ai -.champion meeting at his place this season, and. in consequence of the fact that hares have already commenced - breeding it .was resolved \- that the club would not hold -another meeting this year, and the proposed Champion and Sapling Stakes are therefore abandoned. The Melbourne bookmakers who are over here discount the statement that Madeline has .been backed for the Maribyrnong Plate, as they say that no books are open yet on this event. 'The metallieians prefer to wait till, nearer ithe day before they go into figures over the . Plate. At the annual meeting of .the 'Yictorian (Betting) _ Club . held on Tuesday week . the following, amongst other resolutions, were carried:— 'The committee may, accept the , certificate of the secretary, stewards, or com mittee of the V.B,.C, or . the . A. J.C., or S.A.J.C., or of the committee of the Tatter . saJl's.Clnb, Sydney, or the South. Australian; .Club, that a member Jias. been disqualified for fraudulent, dishonorable, or discreditable .con . duct, and may endorse such disqualification or. . suspend or expel-such-member.' Also, that— 'All wagers with any person, who, after the making of such wagers has been declared a defaulter, are off.' .Mr, Harry Pay.ten .has -taken out a patent: .for. a plan of -his own f or starfcing.horses at. a race jneeting,jxidthisis now being considered ,by,£heA,J.C. : Writing- if Jast week's ? waffering, the Sports- '? man of August 5 says :— There has .been a noticeable stir at the betting,-roams during ihe ' ^past week, the wagering on. each of tiie. three, big 'Spring eventa-^Gaulfield, Cup, . y.B-C. Derby, and Melbourne Cup— being brisker, than at any -period -since -the books — were .opened, -.this year. ? Fresh ?, candidates, keep coining into the market, iand as. - no.- attempt at rknoeking out has been -made so j far' the betting is: {good, all irouud. ^; Perhaps tJi-e -feature of .- the . vweek's ?. wagering: Jias -been . the .steady ^support : ^accorded jyfewBtead, who has ;been tecked rfor -:the Blue Eiband to win something like £10,000: down to thousands to two hundred and fifty — - ibe best ofier now. Dunlop and Monte Chrurto' iiave each been the medium .of a few.invest-| BientBat-tentoone. Sunny Days, Remus, and . ]TJralla.haveuconunanded-axK-nsiderableamonnn of attention. at: outside spaces, the .filly, at! ..hnodreds to -eight,, and; the two, colts ..afe .hundreds to. five. It iwould.be difficult; ? to ? say which -herse is really first. ?Jayorite 'for the , Caulfield ; Cup -7- St. \- ijtyrence, Velocipede, Xiesbia, ,\ Hurricane, jfeJ^a^'^oJiny, ,'Mine .Xpuise, ,saai-f&xxsi;»e .sienjCAt^ in. -^neat .--seqaest, ^mostiiinoaer having beeS^taisbed-to^kiawraBc^yeloa-f -pede, -and Lesbia, while Welcome Jack, Vision, -Sirocco, Chiptrap, Plausible, .and . Calma bave, their- friends at a point or two ; longer. 'There is- little to choose for favoritism between Coronet and Commotion for .the Mel bourne dip, each being quoted at thousands , to;eixty, Coronet having the call at thoseodds. Bar these two a thousand to thirty is freely offered, Liverpool, July, Prometheus, St. John, and Arsenal coming next in popular favor. Liverpool and- Arsenal are the latest introduc tions to the Cup quotations, each being backed to win nearly twenty thousand pounds. On Friday Hurricane was backed to a heavy amount in Melbourne for the Caulfield Cup, 100 to G being now the best offer. It is stated that Mr. Wilson's Madeline was backed during the week for the Maribyrnong Plate to the tune of ten thousand pounds, principally for the stable. 