WHEN WE TWO PAHTED. Br SARAH DOUDNEY, Authoress of 'A Woman's Glory.' [Published by special arrangement with the authoreffl* AI1 rights reserved.] When we two parted In silence and tears, Half broken-hearted, To sever for years.— Braos. Chaptee XLIL — 'But Thou' and. I have Shaken Hands.' ? '- Among the people of Zion Chapel there were divisions and dissatisfactions which daily increased. Even Mr. Berrick and Ins wife, loyal as they were to their minister, could not be brought to look favorably on his ' sanction of Lydia's engagement. Well as they loved him, they would not deny that he had fallen into a snare, and they were hardly surprised at the general indignation excited by his culpable weaknesss. David alone stood by him and refused to' utter a word of blame. He could not censure - a father for being pitiful to a daughter. Lydia's attachment, unfortunate as it seemed, ' had taken a deep hold on her life, and could not be uprooted without bitter pain. ' Mr. - Meade was too tender a man to bear the sight of her suffering, and he had permitted her to keep her lover. David was not going to be severe on any one for over-tenderness ; it was a fault that was by no means likely to be very common in the everyday world. 'His' eyes are blinded,' said Peter Wix, . after David had made a frank statement of Iris' views. . 'We must not put our trust -in -him, Jemima; we must leave him to himself. -To ; contradict him would be 'to stir up the 'old Adam in his nature. I know him well '.' ' - - _ ' I think you know everybody, outside and inside,' replied his sister with-, genuine admi- - ration. 'It's beautiful to see the people following your lead. What a head you'have ' got, Peter.' ? ? ? ? ???. ??? ' ' I'm duly thankful for my gifts, Jemima. i I wont deny- them. And I -humbly think that I must increase, while Mr.'. Meade' must '. decrease.- It's all accbraing to the decrees of '. Providence.'- ? - - ......:.-.-_ 'And Providence -will -call ; you -to' Ziqil Chapel; I'm sure, of it, brother.' . '?: ? -'?- '' : 'I've had foreshadowings, blessed 'fbre shadowings,' said Peter, ' of that chapel in ','? the distant days. ?' I believe I should shine as a '. pastor, and in the pulpit there would -be ;jm» '- mistake about me. From hinfancy my mind : has been directed to. the ministry.' . --^ - - ' Quite true, Peter. You used to hold -forth . wonderful on the kitchen table.' : .' . ? 'I wish poor ' David was a little more like me.' Peter spoke pensively. 'He's wrong- ia ? many ways, David is, and he hasn't got a clear notion of a. better world. His mind is carnal, ' and he's fettered by the flesh. Ab for nie^Pm ~ always picturing a glorious future. I seem to. see the place ' where congregations .ne'er break up, and Sabbaths have no end.' Fancy that; - congregations never breakingup, and me always ~ preaching to » them ! What a blissful idea I' - '? ? 'F«ol«cy,' said Uncle Small, ' -wfeo- ?? had ' stuck the trumpet, into his ear just in time to ? catch the last words. 'Who's -a-going 'to -sit still right through eternity and listen *t* you '- . armaundering'on ? Why theTl have the harpa and hallelujahs there, and they won't pay no heed to your tongue. '; .. ' 'I ' But heaven will be an everlasting Sabbath, uncle,' remarked Jemima, much morticed..-' ? ' ' But it won^t be an everlasting: sermpm - If it was,' continued Uncle Small, -flaring iipi r 'and if Peter was to be the -preacher; .Frit-' dashed if I'd go there at. all ! And what do ' :- - . . - you want with preachers -in a place where we ? shall all know how to behave ourselves ? : Here - below sermons is . sent as a punishment for t-ur sins ; but all our sins '11 be clean done with up : above.' - - . ' - . : - : : ? This was a view of the case which neither - Peter nor Jemima had ever taken Beforev^-^o the former an eternal Sabbath minus 'Jhe'ser- ' mon seemed a flat and unprofitable kind of heaven. He had had a vague vision of- 'hnH- :' ing forth' in the New Jerusalentancl finding . himself, ^somehow, the idol of an' attentive con» - gregation there. Uncle Small, he knew; bail always underrated -his- powers; but- unless Uncle Small refrained from using profane Ian- - gnage -there -dould be no certainty -of his flpend ing eternity in the company of his nephew.'- ' -But -here on earth it was necessary to behave ; to the oM man with submission, and Peter. '. covered his wrath -with adeep-sigh. v - - -. ?'?? 'Well, anyhow, we shall have the privilege of hearing Peter preach-on earth, ' said Jemima, with returning cheerfulness. 'And we shall* all be proud of him, uncle, when he's .got a pulpit of his own.' ? ? ?'-'?'. 'He's a-hankering after- Zion ChapeL' - There was a knowing look in Uncle Small's -' eyes. ' Ever since I've known him— and that was very early- in his talented- career — he's been given to hankering. A- hankering nature, as one may say.' 'Well, uncle,' said Jemima with - spirit, ' 'there's no harm in wishing for good things;-' and I'm sure a pulpit's a good thing. 'Perhaps it is. I ain't a-going to trouble - myself with an argument about the matter. But if Peter ever gets into the pulpit it don't follow that hell keep the people in the seats. Mr. Meade-'s been there for forty -years and more, and he hasn't preached the people'awfty - yet.' ' - ? ? ' , 'We're all disgusted with him,' -cried ? Jemima hotly. * -He's going to marry hia daughter to s, monster of iniquity. The end of it'll be that hell have to resign, and our Peter will be invited to step into his place.' ' Not so fast, Jemima,' said- Peter in a - warning whisper. ' .. But Uncle Small caught the sentence, and turned upon him with a grim smile. . ' Oho ! you're a-plotting as well as ahanker ing, are you?' said he. And then, putting : away his trumpet, he leant back in his chair and vras silent. - ? The dissatisfaction - that prevailed in the flock was by no means unknown to the dwellera in Eden cottage. The little house, -standing among its leafless trees, had seen a great many- - of its beauties depart with the summer. It was one of those places which 'owed its charm to foliage and flowers and sunshine, and -was. : apt to look prosaic and bare in ' winter and rough weather.' Even the light of a December - afternoon, sunny and peaceful, could : not restore the old loveliness of soft shadows and whispering leaves; «and Ralph Norrington, slowly approaching the cottage, began to wonder how he could ever have thought it an earthly paradise. . . . He had never appeared a second tiifte at the chapeL Hardened as he was to the public gaze, he declared, nevertheless, that the Zionites had a power of staring that was too much for him. And he'. did not pay many visits to his betrothed ; somehow the distance from London to Nettleford seemed to have lengthened in a mysterious fashion, and his old quarters at the Pine-treewere rather chOly in autumn. The chimneys smoked ; the 'bed- ? rooms were draughty ; he was afraid of taking cold and spoiling his voice. It was : hard now ' to have to leave his own .luxurious chambers in Piccadilly. ; and even Lydia's society scarcely, compensated for the lack of bachelor comforts. . . He was distinctly conscious of having sacri- . . ficed himself as he drew near the gate on this '. Sunday afternoon. Already he had come to the stage when a man feels he cannot endure a fetter. The chains that he had woven of roses Tiad changed to galling links of iron. ' And then, .too, it was such a ridiculously' unsuitable engagement; the old minister had shown good sense in raising objections at first. ' She wculdn't see giving me up, Isuppose,' he thought as he stood -under the little porch, with a few shrivelled tendrils swaying over his head. ' Women are such unreasonable crea tures; they want to make all our whims eternal. Of course, I'm to blame, very much to blame. But the child was so soon caught !' ' The door -was opened by Lydia- herself, ''a strangely worn and faded Lydia, whose clear eyes had acquired an anxious, questioning look. The girl's beauty had suffered from the wear and tear of conflicting emotions ; and hers was a bloom that when once lost can never t-e restored. It was the short-lived charm of the wood anemone, delicately lovely while it ' is suffered to grow in its native copse, but withering quickly in another atmosphere. And Ralph, keen- sighted, saw the wan cheeks and sharpened outlines with dissatisfaction. 'You didn't say that you were not well, Lydia,' he said, following ner into the parlor. 'Your letters said nothing of illness, but your) face tells me that you are ill.' 'HI! Oh, no,' she answered.' 'There's nothing the matter with me, Ralph. Tat a ' little worried, that's alL' . 'It seems to me,- dear, that you always are a little worried. Whathas happened nowT1' A-woman better acquainted .with men and their nioeds would have turned aside the question with a smile and talked gaily of; other matters: But poor Lydia. innocentiy plunged into family concerns at once. ' . ', ?'It's the chapel that troubles us,' she' explained. 'My father thinks the 'hearts ofL tlie people are turning against him.'' - ! '' «WeH, let them-tumi' uaid P^alph, non chalantly. ' It needn't make you misfixabie.' A -I *'Oh.Kalpb! He has been their minister for morethan forty 'years, and never was any man better beloved.' ' 'These changes will come, Lydia. He -was getting terribly; bored- already. ''No body enjoys unvarying popularity. But I don t know why you should fret yourself into a consumption about such trifles. He glanced wearily around the little room as he spoke; There was a bright blaze in the grate, but even the firelight could not impart a glow to the pale drab wall ; and the portraits, touched by the wavering .gleams, only seemed to scowl' more darkly, in their black frames. Then, too, there was the awful primness and stiffness that never failed to give him the blues. No pretty litter of feminine knick knacks, no novels,, no papers. It was certainly the ugliest -and 'most depressing ? loom that he had ever seen. She saw that he was not prepared to take a 4eeg interest in the afiairs of Zion Chapel, and fell-into silence.. Somehow: it was becoming difficult for these two to sustain a conversa tion. He had, exhausted his stock of love phrases and sweet nothings; and she, poor child, knew little of books and newspapers, and did not know any good .stories. Nor would ?he have seen any humor in any such tales as he could tell. The long pause was becoming embarrassing. He leaned, back in his chair and broke it by singing softly. The air and words came half unconsciously to bis lips ; he could not have told what had reminded him of the ecus- — When.we two parted : In silence and tears, Half brokenjiearted, lo sever for years. Before he had got through the first verse she caught his hands and held them fast. Her face was paler than ever, and her eyes full of pain. 'Don't,'' she cried; 'don't sing that. It makes me so. wretched even to thinkof.it. I never want to hear it again. ' ' Why not ?' he asked sharply. ' Oh, I cannot tell you. I'm foolish, I dare say, and I should only vex you if I did tell.' ' You vex me when you make mysteries, Lydia, Why . can't you trust me? What sad meaning can there be in that song for you V 'A great deal,' she said mournfully. 'I don't wish to speak of the past ; but those lines always remind me of— David. I wasn't good to him, you know ; but he has been very kind and true to us,, although 'my vows are all broken.3' *' Kind and true — has he ?' 'fie has stood up for us in the chapeL The people are very angry, -with my father and me ; bnt he will not hear an unkind word.' 'Why are they angry with you?' asked Balph coldly. ..He let his hands* remain in hers, but his fingers gave no answering pres sure. ''They are angry,, dear, because I am en gaged to you. They: say that my father ought to have parted us. You know they do not approve ot—. — ' 'My profession,' said 'Ralph with perfect ?calmness. 'So 1 am the cause of all this -trouble, Lydia. There was peace in your «hapel till I came and stirred up strife.' 'It is not fair toj blame. yourself,' she re plied, drawing deafer with an anxious look. . 'The. fault, -was. as much mine as. yours. Please don't be vexed, dear Balph. I will try not to fret any more.31 ' 'TSo ; you must not fret any more.' . Ee drew his hands gently from her clasp ; the dark eyes that had. lit up her quiet life ?with such wonderful glory were bent upon 'her now with a grave intentness which almost made her tremble. She felt a cold throb of fear and sighed heavily. ' .Lydia. dear;' he said tenderly, 'I 'begin to see that we have made a great mis-, take. But it is not too late to set matters light. You will be all the happier, my poor .. child, when we have said good-bye/' 'Good-bye!' she echoed with a grasp. ?rDo you mean — oh, my love, can. you mean that yon wish to leave me ?' 'My darling, isn't it the best thing I can cU-for.you?_I naveonly brought you trouble and pain. When I am gone you will return to your old life and simple ways, and forget the sorrow .that X have caused. Your father ?was right, Lydia; he foresaw that we could not walk together.' 'But wehavefowwa to walk together,' she faltered. 'Yes, dear; but we have not gone far upon the journey. .And already people. are making you very uncomfortable on account of me.' 'But I won't mind them,' she said with a sob. ?...,.. 'Perhaps you ought to mind, them. I. am nota'religious-man, you .know j . I believe Pve tried to be, but. religion does not take deep - root in a naturelike mine. If. we lived to gether you would feel the want of a spiritual 'X bought —oh,, Balph,. I hoped that I should, ^be your guide, to the better country. Did you not ask me to guide you ? Did you not,say.' — *-' ? ' , 'My dear Lydia, when a man is in love he ?will ..say anything. I wanted you to like me, sndTjsaid the very things that would please yon-iest.' . 'Then you. were not sincere,' -she cried,, looking at him with startled- eyes. * ??'X was sincere while the mood lasted. But life Is made up of moods-;, one's mind changes its «hape pretty often.' : ? . .She mopedaJittieawa-y from him, and there ivas a dignity in the action that he did not fail to appreciate. Her gentle mouth seemed sud denly to take a new expression ; the tremulous lips grew steady, and. her small figure was drawn up to its full height. 'I did not understand,' she said in a quiet ?voice.. 'If I had. known that you were so often changing shape I would not have trusted you. You did not warn me against yourself. But you are quite right now ; it will be best to say good-bye.' 'Not in anger, Lydia?' 'No.' Her lips trembled slightly again. *'I cannot be angry. God bless you, Halph.' . He was silent, hardly knowing, what final ?words to say. After all, what was the use of words between them now? Tender sentences -would seem as lifeless as the dead leaves that lay in heaps outside the cottage. This, was not a moment for hackneyed phrases of regret; - something in those soft yet candid eyes for bade him to utter them.; and her calmness disconcerted him as no violent display of emotion could have done. ' You were always too good for me, dear,' lie said. Then, rising, he paused for an instant. Should he give her a farewell Mss? There ?was nothing in her face that pleaded for this last boon of a worn-out love, and he simply., held out his hand. .. She gave him hers, but did not let it linger . in his hold. And then he turned and went his way. The brief brightness of the afternoon had 'been fading while they talked, but until he. ?was gone she did not .notice the gathering dusk. He was gone; and darkness and still ness were left behind him. ' My heart is dead,' she whispered drearily -: herself. -fIt will be only, my body that .dves and moves now.' The fire was burning low. Shivering, she -crossed the room and mechanically stirred it . into a blaze. A glance out of the window showed her a grey mist veiling the fields and blotting -ont the last gleams of sunshine. 'Oh,' she sighed, .faintly, 'I.could bear it 'better ft I onlyknew how to meet the years ! How shall I live to face another summer ?' Chapter XLm.— In a Fog. Poor Xiydia, crouching over the fire- and' shivering still, looked like the ghost of the beautiful sunshiny girl of a few months ago. The old divines, scowling down from the walls, might, if they could have spoken, have said that this was a fitting end to her infatuation. And as she bowed her head upon her hands she began to ask herself if she had not indeed de served this chastisement. He had openly avowed that he was not a re . ligiouB man; but even before the avowal came she had felt that she possessed no power of guidance. Still she had always hoped that he might be 'sanctified by a believing wife,' and had tried to persuade herself that marriage would be tiie means of his conversion. Yet, true in heart to her early training, she had never been able thoroughly to abandon herself to the sweetness of her love. She had ever been haunted by the fear— the old Puritan fear — of setting up an idol that must ere long be rudely torn from its shrine. It was this fear (always underlying her hap piness) which had weakened her hold upon her lover and stolen the bloom which he had prized so highly. It had made her fitful when she should have been equable, and timid when she should have been assured. It was only too trae that they could not walk together. To any man of ordinary experience poor I/ydia would inevitably have proved a trying ? companion, It is always hard for those who nave«een the world to be patient with those who have never seen it at all. There is an obstinacy- in ignorance which exasperates the calmest temperament, and nothing is more irritating than the horror with which the un enlightened minds regards the everyday doings ?of society. To Lydia everything unsanc tioned by family traditions appeared sinful. The had always had a secret dread lest she should be punished for falling in love with an actor, and lo ! the punishment had come. Well, she supposed that there would be peace in the chapel now. She had but to make it known that her engagement was at an end and the dissensions and heartburnings would cease. . Of course she herself could never regain the position she. had lost; they would always look upon 'her as one who had wandered from the right way. But her father would win back all their confidence and be the .honored and beloved minister once more. Atidlife would, go on in the old monotonous fashiori'j and there would be nothing to look forward to 1 . Other girls would have their dreams' and hopes; hers were gone for ever. The straight and narrow way is, doubtless, the safest ro&*; but it is apt to seem terribly bare Mil prosaic- when. one has strayed away to JJ»eJBpweiy«eijd--w§tf &f; JE^hjgteg Ground. Lifting her head from her hands she saw that out of doors the mist had thickened.. It ?was a grey; wet evening, and it' would be dreary work plodding across the fields to chapel. She rose, stirred the fire again, and stood upright on the hearthrug. Nancy was heard approaching with the tea-tray. In another moment the minister would come in from the study. She was conscious that Nancy gave her many an enquiring glance as she set the tray upon the table. It was not usual for Mr. Norrington to depart without drinking a cup of tea, although he always shirked the evening service. The shrewd handmaiden scented a lover's quarrel, and felt sure of gaining her young mistress's confidence later on. But she was mistaken. Never, while they both lived, would Lydia utter Ralph's name to Nancy again. The minister made no remarks about Ralph's disappearance. He seldom mentioned Mr. Norrington to Lydia ; and although he per mitted the intercourse to go on, and behaved . with his usual simple kindliness to the lovers, Iris daughter knew that her betrothal was still a heavy load upon his mind. It had grown so dark that they drank tea by candlelight, and Lydia longed to put an end to the dreaiy meal. Her sick heart was turning away from all the old forms of comfort. She could find no help in the texts and hymns with which her memory was stored; although she. tiied forlornly to select the most suitable in her treasury, the sacred words seemed mean ingless and vain. As she 6at trifling with her tea cup she recalled the cold severity with which she had once listened to tales of broken hearts and crashed affections. 'Wliai could, be expected by one who wasted all her love upon a fellow mortal ?''' she had asked sternly, and the girls who heard her had gone away with shame-faced looks, leaving her question without a reply. Then, too — worst pang of all — she knew that he had deceived her from the very beginning. He had cheated her by pretending to be _ a seeker after righteousness, and she, poor vain little fool, had believed herself destined to ; guide his feet into the way of peace. Her face . grew suddenly crimson with humiliation. Could she forget how she herself had been overcome by the force of an earthly passion, and had lost sight of the Heavenly City in her '?? wild yearning to walk always by his side ? There ?was no one to soothe this little self— torturer and tell her that after all she was by no means the miserable sinner that she believed herself to be. There was no one to tell her i that her unhappy love would make her a better and truer woman than she had ever been before. She did not know that all the hard ness and frosfciness of her character- was gone, . ; and that she would live a richer, fuller file in years to come through her great sorrow. A fine drizzling rain was falling when the minister and 'his daughter set out for chapeL Both were well wrapped up, but the cold damp air made itself felt through their mufflers ; 'and ' Lydia, at' any rate, would haye gladly stayed - at home and nursed her grief by the fire. While she tramped along the wet footpath. . Balph Norrington, with Ms knees luxuriantly enveloped in a fur rug,, was' smoking his cigarette in the corner of a first-class carriage, and mentally vowing that no woman should ever lure him into the country again in December. Ugh! -what a night it was. He shuddered at the recollection' of! that lonely little cottage standing in the spongy ?meadow. As for: Lydia, poor child-*-weli, he was very, sorry, - but it had been a great mistake. And he had: got out of it better than might have been'; . expected. In spite of the weather there was a goodt congregation in the little chapeL Mrs. Berrick : had1 not ventured out, but her' husband and. son were in- their usual places, and Iiydia found herself regarding David with a -new in terest. Had he. suffered as she was suffering ! now ? ? The chapel was never brilliantly lighted,, and to-night the mist seemed to have got: : inside the building. A. hazy atmosphere sur rounded' all the familiar faces;, there was a prevailing huskiness in the singing, and every body ; coughed now and then. Jemima Wix , was always the loudest cougher in the meeting house, and this evening she outdid herself. Peter, doing his utmost to sustain the flagging strains of sacred melody, encouraged his. f ellow-singers with expressive gestures, and bellowed like an angry bull. He made Lydia's headache distractedly, and once or twice she/ saw her father put his hand to his forehead. . : When the minister stood up in the pulpit the fog around him seemed to have thickened. ; Bos white head and spare figure, dimly illu mined by candles, looked like the ghost of ' himself,; and there, was something faint and ghostly, too, in his voice. He. might have: been a phantom'.parson . preaching to a jcongre. gation of phantoms. Ami Lydia, .shaken in; : nerves and-, half' brokenhearted,: began to. .experience a strange sense of unreality. r It; would hardly have surprised' her if she had seen the vague outline of her dead another's , '? face among ail these misty faces. Her temples throbbed ; she breathed heavily ; and - it- was', with a sigh of relief that she heard 'the con cluding words of the sermon; . The people were little inclined to linger after the. closing hymn.. One or two said, a brief goodnight to Miss Meade; but there was a marked eurtaess in their tone and manner, tm- . like the hearty friendliness of bygone days. But she was too miserable to be pained by the coldness of old acquaintances, and stood wait ing, with defected patience, by the .vestry door until her father appeared. ' Good night, Robinson,' he said to the old man who was putting out the lights. 'Good night, sir,' the other responded. 'The fog seems to get thicker,, don't it? ?'Twould be just as well, now, if you'd got a lantern to light you across them fields.' 'After traversing the path for forty years I'm not likely to miss the way,' the minister replied. 'Come,. Lydia, put your wrapper over your mouth ; this mist is unwholesome.' So the two departed and vanished into . the blinding darkness that was waiting to en gulf them. 'Take my arm, . child,' said Mr. Meade. *'I know every step of the way, and there is no cause for fear. But never have I seen such a night as this ! Xt must be a sea-fog ; there is a salt taste in the air, and it is as cold as death. Courage, Lydia !' He felt her hand trembling on his arm ; but she was not afraid, and only shivered from cold and weariness. Keeping close together they stumbled on, plunging once or twice into the hedge in their efforts to avoid straying away into the fields. Not a sound broke the intense stillness ; it would haye been a relief to hear a dog bark or a cow lowing from her shed. The silence and the blinding mist began to bewilder Lydia; she felt' as if they had been suddenly banished to an unknown ^world. and left there to grope their way with out a guide. Every creature, save themselves, seemed to have found a'refuge that night. They, thought of sheep huddling close in ^a woolly mass in . their pens ; of horses in their warm stables ; of wild creatures hidden in holes in the friendly 'earth. At every step they seemed to sink deeper into the sodden ground, and Lydia felt that her father was growing weary. 'We ought to have come to the stile,' he said uneasily. 'Have we not been walking a long time?' 'I— I think we have missed it,' she an swered. 'No, no ; that's impossible. We must keep straight on, and we shall get to it presently. But my head is not so strong as it was once, and the fog is confusing. If we only had a lantern I' ' I am afraid we have lost the path, father,' ?said Lydia, in a shaken voice. ' Won't it be best to stand still for awhile-^-just to collect ourselves ? You know there is a pit in one corner of the field, and it is full of water.' ' But you are wet and cold ! We must find our way home,' answered the minister, des perately. And yet he felt a sudden fear lest they should find themselves slipping away altogether from earth and life. Another step or two might bring them to the pit. ' Father,' Lydia was clasping his arm with both hands ; 'don'tgo on ; I am afraid.' Her voice rang out in the silence with the shrillness of terror. ' Do not lose heart,' he entreated. 'Come, Lydia, be. brave. There is no house near, .no one will hear us if we call. We cannot stay here all night ; come, Lydia, come !' He staggered on, dragging her with him; but she was sick with fear and held ob stinately back. ' We have been keeping too far to the right,' she cried. I feel it — I know it. And the pit lies to the right of the field.' : As she spoke the minister struck sharply against a* stone and dislodged it from the ground. It started away from, his foot, and in another instant there was. the sound of a dull splash. Lydia gave a loud shriek. They were on the. very brink of the pit, but the stone had jgone first and so saved them. Her. scream was answered by a man's shout that came ringing cheerily across the fog hidden field. Looking back she saw a glimmer of light, and lifted up her -voice again. ' Help !' she cried with all her strength. Still clinging tightly to her father, she led him slowly to meet the advancing gleam, which now looked like a yellow star bobbing up and down. 'Is that you, Mr. Meade?' said David Berrick's well-known tones. 'Yes, we are here,' Lydia answered, speak ing more faintly now. ' And we have lost our way.' 'I thought you would. When I got outside the chapel and found what a thick night it was I borrowed a lantern from Groat's farm and followed you.' 'My father is very much exhausted;' said. Lydia, anxiously. ' How thankful -I am that you have found us ! Another step ' or two and we must have fallen into the pit.' ' Groat ought to fence it round,' remarked David, in a matter-of-fact voice. He guided them carefully, to the stile and then across the -tract of common to the last field. There was' very little talk. He was fuilv.ofcupied in finding the beaten track, and the minister was too much fatigued to utter many words. To open one's mouth was to swallow a portion of fog, and Lydia felt that speech was not required of her. Yet she thought that they were accepting David's kindness far too coolly, and wished that she could find a way of showing gratitude. At hist, when he had conducted them safely to the very porch of the cottage, he bade them a quiet good night, and then the minister found his voice, ? ' Come in, David,' he said, speaking feebly, but with no lack of heartiness. ' Not to- night, thank you, sir. The mother will be looking out for me.' 'We haven't thanked you yet,' said Lydia timidly. 'I've done nothing that deserves thanks, '' he replied in that unmoved tone of his. ' And now I'm off. I won't forget to speak to Groat about that pit, Mr. Meade. It ought to be looked to.' The dcor opened and admitted them into an atmosphere of warmth and comfort. Nancy, full of concern, began to busy herself about her master and mistress ; and the minister, faint and spent, needed all the care that could be given him. Kneeling on the hearthrug and chafing her father's cold hands Lydia more than once asked herself if she had not' just awakened from a dream? The perile of the foggy night had been real enough ; but that parting in the afternoon dusk — was it — could it be a reality ? It was evident to both the girls that Sir. Meade had taken a severe cold. They kindled a fire in the little grate in his bedroom, and persuaded him to try their simple remedies ; but there 'was an unspoken fear in their hearts. In anxiety for him Lydia forgot her own weariness, and scarcely thought it worth while to take any trouble about herself. All night she slept profoundly — the heavy sleep of sorrow, while the rain beat softly against the window panes. Nor did she wake (as she had wakened often in happier tunes) when the sallow light came in the east and the cocks crowed their welcome to the coming morn. The outlines of bare trees and farm buildings showed clearly against the sky, and all the clammy mists had dispersed before her eyes unclosed. She got up and looked out upon a bright day, and then Temembered that she . must begin her life anew in a changed world. 'The master is awake, miss,' said Nancy, meeting her on her way to her father's room, ' but he hasn't got the ghost of a voice left. It's my opinion that they'll have to do without him for a bit at Zion Chapel.' He yielded to their entreaties that he would remain in his room all day, and Lydia was fully employed in making, the little chamber as comfortable as possible. The morning hours glided swiftly away, and early in the afternoon there came an unexpected visitor; Miss Tabitha Howe, followed by a small boy carrying her portmanteau, appeared at the gata And at the sight of her face poorLydia'e heart grew lighter. - Aunt Tabitha seldom came:unless there ?was affliction in the house, and then she was always the most useful person' that could -be found. (To be continued. ) 