Bill Arp's Ghost. I DON'T know much about ghosts but I know most as much as anybody else. There is not much book learning about them. The schools and colleges don't teach anything. There is no professorship of ghosts. What we learn is all hearsay, and our generation got more from old family negroes than from the white folks. The negroes were well acquainted with them. They used to see them of nights. In fact, all the ghosts I ever heard of were seen at night ; that is, all the old-fashioned ghosts. Who ever saw a ghost in tbe day-time? That is bad on the ghosts, for it looks like their deeds were deeds of darkness. Some folks claim to be quite intimate with them and talk to them, and I should think those folks ought to be able to do something for mankind or them selves—something wonderful and peculiar— but I believe they get along like the rest of us. They get sick and send for a doctor, and they have the toothache and they get dunning letters snd aggravating postal cards all the same. Bap and rapport are unavailing to shield them from their mortal troubles. I never hankered after ghosts, but still I would like to see one just to settle my mind down. I came pretty near seeing a ghost myself a long timo ago when I was a lad. Away in the dead of night I was awakened by a shivering sensation and saw in the darkness a something in white standing by the foot of my bed. I did not dare to speak and hardly to breathe. I closed my eyes, and, like a 'possum, played for dead until I heard it softly, move away. Next morning I learned that it. was my mother who had spread more cover upon my bed for fear I was cold. These good old mothers play ghost many a time when we know it not— Atlanta Constitution. What a Newspaper Is.—The newspaper of to-day is a library (remarks Bill Nye). It is an encyclopedia, a poem, a biography, a history, a prophecy, a directory, a time-table, a romance, a cook book, a guide, a horoscope, an art critic, a political resume, a ground plan of the civilised world, a low-priced multum in parvo. It is a sermon, a soßg, a circus, an obituary, a picnic, a shipwreck, a symphony in solid brevier, a medley of life and death, a grand aggregation of man's glory and his shame. It is, in short, a bird's-eye view of all the magnanimity and meanness, the joys and griefs, the births and deaths, the pride and poverty of the world, and all for two center sometimes. I could tell you some more things that the newspaper of to-day is, ifyou had time tostay here and your business would not suffer in your absence. Among others, it is a long-felt want, a nine-column paper in a five-column town, a lying sheet, a feeble effort, a financial problem, a tottering wreck, a political tool, and a sheriff's salo. The Age op the Cheap Piano.—There was a time when the piano was more expensive and less depraved. Then it haunted only the Say salons of fashion, stopped only at the best otels, and became violent only in concert balls and public places where there were skilful people to subdue it But that is all over now. The demon appetite for a keyboard which Was long confined to the weaker of the sexes now rages in every hamlet in the land, and each day is mowing down the young and unsuspect ing without regard to gender or condition.. Its encroaches are the more fatal because the more insidious. The man who whistles or the woman who sings is not safe. Both may believe in their will power and fancy they can fool with an octave or fritter away a moment with some skittish fugue or candenza without harm. But the step is fatal. They are soon seized by the maddening thirst for music and go down in the vortex, an easy prey to the fell Siano. Sleepless parents and aggrieved neighb ours have undertsken reformation and tried to crush out the dreadful craving. But too late. Tho being who has once been stung by a {>iano will never recover, but will go through ife shedding tunes and ululations on his path. — New York Herald. 