OUR LONDON LETTER. | ? ? ! London, March 6, 1885. The re-assembliug of Parliament on the 19th ultimo had been awaited by the pub lic with an interest which far exceeded the ordinary. The recent tragic news from the Soudan, the fall of Khartoum, the death of General Gordon, and lastly the retreat of the British forces upon their baBe of operations at Korti, had in no small degree 'engendered lively reflections in the public mind — and that these were not entirely of an order absolutely favor able to the Ministerial policy in those quarters, was tolerably manifest even from the volleys of mingled cheers and bowl ings which came to the share of Mr Glad stone and his colleagues on their approach to St. Stephens. Also, the fact that the Conservative leaders in the Upper and Lower House respectively would, imme diately on the opening of the session, sub mit their motions for a vote of censure upon the Government, had not only iu a large measure contributed to the interest of the public in the situation, but almost excluded every other topic from discus sion. As to the expected result of Lord Salisbury's proposed vote in the Lords, no one entertained veiy serious fears ; it -was impossible to doubt that it would readily pass, and when passed could not sensibly affect the Eituation of the Cabinet, but of the effects of such a vote in the Commons no one felt entirely assured. The debates which followed these motions of censure resulted, however, in considerable disappointment to the public —for although in the Lords the noble marquis displayed a vigor and appetite for combat highly to b9 commended iu such a situation — yet it was feljb that the Government had in Sir Stafford buta feeble antagonist, and that in spite of the weak ness of their armour. Some allowance, however, should be made for Sir Stafford, for while orators in the Lords were un fettered by any hut their own considera tions, those who brandished the attack in the Commons were in a large measure bound by the tie of public expedience. Yet, despite the advantage to the Govern ment in the weakness, of the assault, it was easy to prognosticate that even should the verdict turn out in their favor their escape would be miserably narrow. That this circumstance was appreciated to the full became evident from .the animation 1 and excitement which attended the scene at the taking of the vote — something devoid of its parallel since the advent of Mr Gladstone into office. Thus, surprise was impossible when on the announce ment of the vote it was found that the Government had gained the discouraging majority of 14 in its favor. The result received an additional significance from the fact, that wheu viewed by the side of the figures consequent on the two (2) pre vious votes to which Mr Gladstone's policy had been subjected, presenting respectively majoritie's of 49 and 28, it confirms with remarkable precision the mathematically waning influence of the Ministry. It is true the Parnellite phalanx, which joined its vote with that of the Opposition, was prompted more by motives of incident rather than by any direct puipose relative to the Ministerial policy, and this consideration, if taken into account, 'may lend some appearance of value to this Pyrrhic victory, but the en couragement hereby afforded Mr Glad stone will be considerably reduced by the fact that the majority he gained chiefly consisted in the salaried official protegis of Lis .Government. There can be but little doubt that the )esson taught by this humiliating majority will .he read in its fulness by the Premier and his colleagues, whatever disposition they may have shown in the past for blindness of heart and profundity in self deception. There is a stern sense con tained in the fact that, despite the diffi culties which lie in the way of supplanting Mr Gladstone's Ministry at such a con juncture as the present, with the bill , of Redistribution of Seats still hanging fire, the vast majority of his numerous followers no loneer can conceal their dis approval. As matters now stand, it is indisputably apparent that the wide margin of support which Mr Gladstone originally held at his command has been reduced to a thread. Nor is this enough, for signs are plentifully supplied to the effect that the disaffection in the Commons is but a faint reflection of the distrust and anger without. In short, the Government is bankrupt in influence, and its policy discredited and condemned. That this is but the natural result of the heedless and repeated overdraughts on their original supply of support must to ordinary mortals be as plain as the sun. By their persistent violation of the honest, un stinted confidence of their warmest friends, they have invited the summary i resentment of every consistent citizen. , Had ' the Government retained even a j particle of that famous Midlothian pro gramme, with the duties of which they were so unanimously entrusted in 1880, a situation similar to the present could at least not have been the result of a pro found indifference to their task. The only hope in the Ministerial distress— if hope be possible — is a soundly vigorous round about. for it is impossible to believe that a persistence in the policy hitherto pur sued can end otherwise than iu a direct overthrow of the Cabinet. According to the ^Ministerial decision last Monday, the Cabinet will remain for the present at its post, and, if possible, to bring the work of the session to an early ? close, and to appeal for a verdict to the Reformed Electorate in November. This is a course which the necessity of the situation would . seem most urgently to . demand. A Conservative Ministry could afford but indifferent relief,* for, should Mr Gladstone elect to resign, the prospect of his Conservative successors in the wielding.: of a majority in the House would probably be less than that which frowns upon the present Cabinet. Should they be willing to accept the position, there is evidence sufficiently to show that, while in matters of policy abroad the disposition of the House would be equally antagonistic, it would be similarly willing to favor the passing of the bills which constitute the remaining work of the session. Instead of any perceptible gain of Conservative influence as a consequence of the disaffection of Mr Gladstone's supporters, the tendency is with more certainty in the opposite direction — that is, to strengthen the Radical growth. This is, in a measure, evidenced by the fact that Mr Morley's amendment to Sir Stafford's motion, essentially hostile to all intervention in Egyptian or Sou danese affairs, received the support of no less a number of votes than 112. It may ' therefore be fairly assumed that the solu tion of the question in hand may ulti mately be looked for in the establishment of a Ministry chiefly composed of ingre dients borrowed from the advanced wing of the Liberal party. Lastly, those who had looked forward to the debates on the censure with the hope of finding in the Ministerial defence some semblance to a clue as to the future policy of the Cabinet, especially in \- matters concerning Egypt and the Soudan, were completely disappointed. The dark ness which so persistently surrounds Mr Gladstone and his colleagues, is of that stubbornly impenetrable character which most aptly would answer to the descrip tion of that counterpart which, according ? to Scriptural evidence, once perplexed alike both King Pharaoh and his people — a darkness as impenetrably Egyptian to Ministers themselves as to tho.e who ? inquiringly look to them for guidance. A story is told of a shrewish Scotch ? woman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, aud frighten John on his way home. ' Who are you V' said the guidmau, as the ap ? parition rose before him from behind a bush. ' I am Auld Nick,' was the reply. ' Come awa,' man,' said John, nothing daunted. ' Gie's a shake o' your hand. I am married to a sister o' yours.' 