ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY THE GHOST) The threat of a possible dissolution which, Mr. Berry's denial notwithstanding, was certainly made by that gentleman, has apparently, not been without a certain effect in the Assembly. A little less talk and a little more work have characterised the proceedings of the people's chosen re- presentatives during the past week. Whether or not the present Licensing Bill will ever find a place in theVictorian Statute Book is still very doubtful, for, given the number of clauses already dealt with, and the number still to be considered, the time already consumed in debating the first sixth of the measure, and the number of working Parliamentary days be- fore the general election in February next, it is evident, according to a simple sum in proportion, that the rate of progress will have to be considerably accelerated if the bill is ready to be sent to the Council in time to afford "the repre- sentatives of wealth, property, and vested interests" any time to consider its provi- sions. That the Upper House will pass so important a measure without due debate and deliberation can hardly be expected, and as it is impossible to prolong the existence of a moribund Assembly, the chances are very much in favour of the method of dealing with the liquor traffic being remitted to the constituencies, and the election turning upon the question as to whether or not " the poor man," who, by the way, has been considerably" trotted out" during the debate, is, or is not, to be "robbed of his, beer," while the more fortunate member of " a club" is allowed legally to get drunk on every day of the week.. Despite the fact that the Licensing Act Amendment Bill now blocks the way of all legislation, no section of the community will be much grieved should it go to swell the list of "slaughtered innocents" that invariably heralds the end of every session. From its very nature the measure pleases no one. The rabid teetotalers think it does not go far enough ; the publicans think it goes too far ; and the great mass of the people, who are not, interested one way or the other, are indifferent as to whether the bill is passed or not. They rightly assume that a man,with the where- withal in his pocket, can, always obtain a drink now whenever he wants it, and that no amount of legislative enactments will very much alter the situation. Notwith- standing all the efforts made by the chari- ties and the various temperance societies to " pump up " public enthusiasm, and place the liquor question among the list of " burning" ones, the great majority of Victorians continue to display a good deal of apathy in regard to the matter. The people feel — and rightly too — that there are other social problems that stand in more urgent need of being solved — to wit, the Factories Act, dealing with the hours of labour in shops, stores, and factories, and the Electoral Bill, which is to introduce the system of single electorates, and bring the constituencies more in harmony with the chainges that have occurred in our shifting population than they at present are. The process of being disillusioned is never a pleasant one. The child who dis- covers that its doll is stuffed with saw- dust, and the politician who finds that the representative he has trusted is after all nothing better than a time-serving and selfish demagogue, alike feel a keen pang of disappointment when the truth first flashes upon them. Every allowance must therefore be made for the feelings and consequent strong language indulged in by the Trades Hall Committee in regard to the present Chief Secretary. Mr. Berry is nothing if not the "friend of the working man." By means of his pro- fessed friendship for the "'orny 'anded sons of toil" he has clambered into power and office, and it seems to the aforesaid working man somewhat hard that after he has been used as a ladder he should be un- ceremoniously kicked aside. Alas, for the constancy of popular love ! The Chief Secretary, the whilom tribune of the people, who was wont in days of yore to "wield at will a fierce democracy," has been hurled from his pedestal and denounced as " a sham," a "fraud," and an " utter humbug," by those who a short time ago were his unwavering admirers ! Because, being en- gaged as is stated, at an Executive Council meeting, he could not wait to listen to the orations of the deputation that " waited upon" him, to request that the Factories Bill might at once be dealt with, and did not show sufficient "respect and "polite- ness" to his interviewers, Mr. Berry has been denounced in good round set terms. There are, of course, in political circles numbers of people who have never enter- tained in regard to Mr. Service's Chief Secretary any other opinion save the one just placed on record by the Com- mittee of the Trades' Hall ; but to those who have pinned their faith hitherto to the skirts of the honourable member for Geelong, the hurling of the popular idol from his pedestal comes some- what as a shock. In politics, as in love, no one likes being jilted, and in the former being "found out" is quite as unpleasant as being exposed in one's little amours, after the fashion of the Pall Mall Gazette. The nineteenth century may hereafter come to be known as the era of "big" things. It is an epoch of big ships, big companies, big speculations, and big "smashes." Nothing now goes down with the public unless it happens to be on a colossal scale. So it comes to pass that we have had presented to Parliament within the week a gigantic " ladies' peti- tion" in favour of the present Licensing Bill. It was stated on its introduc- tion into the Assembly to contain forty-five thousand signatures and to be a quarter of a mile long. That it only boasted this length and number of names speaks volumes for the modesty of the honourable member who offered the docu- ment to the Speaker, It is hardly likely that anyone would go to the trouble of measuring the document or counting the autographs, and had it been affirmed the "curiosity of literature" was five miles long and contained five hundred thousand signatures, no one in all probability would have denied the allegation. Any way, the Petition was assuredly " a weighty one." We all have heard of the joy experienced over the one repentant sinner, contrasted with the satisfaction felt in regard to the ninety and nine just persons who need no repentance. Something akin to this feeling was shown the other day at Horsham, when on the verdict of acquittal being delivered by the jury, and the prisoner set at liberty, the alleged bank robber, Hugh Milne Smith, late a clerk in the employ of the London Char- tered Bank, was received with " loud cheers" by the crowd assembled to hear the trial. The sympathies of the public are of almost unlimited cash, paid at the magnificent rate of eighty pounds per annum. The leading members of the Melbourne Presbytery do not, if the revered pro- fessor Rentoul is to be accepted as their mouthpiece, hold the superior courts of law in very high esteem. During a speech de- livered by the rev. gentleman named apropes of the apparently interminable Scots Church embroglio, he said the "Presbytery might perhaps find themselves in the Supreme Court, which would only be good for the lawyers and the Devil." In the minds of the " common herd " ths gentle- men of the long robe have long been known as the " Devil's Brigade ;" but it would perhaps be difficult to find an instance in which on any former occasion lawyers and his Satanic Majesty have been bracketed together by a learned Professor of Theology in a recognised university. And talking of the "Strong" controversy, where is it to end ? The adherents of the reverend gentleman's church have nearly all declared themselves loyal to the Church, and as true and lawful Presbyterians are desirous of "calling" a minister chosen by themselves. The General Assembly, kowever, who have constituted themselves prosecutor, judge, jury, and executioner in regard to other people's orthodoxy, still persist in appointing the preachers, to whose guidance alone the late "Strong" flock are entrusted from Sunday to Sun- day. "No parson not entertaining strong Calvanistic views need apply" is the rule in regard to the pastorship of the Scots' Church and this, in the nineteenth cen- tury, and in a country where Bishop Moorhouse's last lecture on the Galatian Lapse, in which the doctrine of the atone- ment is "liberally" dealt with, has been allowed to pass without reply or com- ment. 