ISEMAEL. A NOVEL. Br M. E. BKADDON, AbChox or "Lior Applets Siorit,'1 "VixRjf, "Th« Gollsx Cur, Ac., Ao. Chapter XXXIIL— " And the Dat Srail Be Dare Over Them," — (Continued,) "Yon married Pftquaretto's mother," rfaid Hector to Dumcnt I " That was an honest act, at least," "Yes; I had flashes of honest feeling in those days ; I married my love one fine May morning ; bnt I had no home ex- . copt a garret to which I conld take her, and I let her go on working at the laun dry and living in her parents' wretched hole while I beat abont for a way of support ing hor and myself somehow or somowhere. Onr stolen hours of happiness, onr dances at the PriS Catalan, our little jaunts to the fairs abont Paris, our rido3 in jolting old cuckoos, were the sweetest honrs of my youth, Ono wrong, and ono only, I did my love in that beginning of our life, I mado her swear to keep her marriage secret. I wonld lot; have Ptro and M>ro Lemoino for father and mothoT-in-law, I meant to leave Paris as soon as I conld scrapo a little money together, and to settle at Lyons or somo other large town for a fow yeara, only returning to tho capital when I could fuel sure of having glvon the Lemolnes the slip. If ycu knew the kind of gentry they were yon wonld not wonder at this prejudice on my part, ultra Republican oa I was," . "PAqueretto has told me that they were dreadful people." "We had been married less than throe months when my Jeanneton began to be un happy at her laundry. She had heon seen with me at tho Pro Catalan; sho had been seen with me at a fair at Saint-Cloud; seen walking with mo in the streets of an evening — and scandal, the broad gross scandal of tho vnlgar, began to asporso her fair name. Hints and' insinuations were flung at her — sneers and vulgar taunts— which to her were torture. So one day, after a Eight's run of luck at a ; -jnbling house in the' Palais Royal, I told her to be ready to Ieavo Paris with mo next morning at daybreak. Wo travelled southward through the bright days oi autumn. Oh, happy days ! oh, happy jour ney ! — last glimpse of paradise that I ever saw on this earth ! After that my career was all downhill. 1 was unlucky, idle, reckleSB ; I had not tho blessed faculty of continuous work. I conld talk ; I could write flashy articles for the Republican news papers. I picked up a few louis honestly now and then. But I lacked the blessed gift of pa tience, I was a born gamester. When I had a chance I trifled with it. And finally, with in a year of ray daughter's birth, my reckless folly landed me — where you know." " In tho galleys. A bad hotel for a gentle man of good family." " Pflqueretto struggled on while I waa in that Loll upon earth — worked for herself nod her infant— starved sometimes, came to soo me in my misory aa often as tho rigor of that derilish place allowed. This lasted for nearly a year ; and then, for tho first time, my poor lovo was missing when the appointed day and hour came round. Sho had come to me, ill or woll, in fair or foul weather ; and my heart turned cold when tho allotted hour came and passed without sign or token from her. Hell eemcd blaekor on that wretched day that it had ever seemed sinco I entered it." " She was dead, perhaps 1 " "Dead, no; not yet. It was a ghastly story. It would tako too long to tell you tho dotails, Enough that I camo by tho knowledge of the facts by tho aid of a priest, whoso presence was the onlv gleam of light iu that Inferno — oven to mo, tho mocker at creeds and creed-makers. I came in timo to know that my poor girl had 3cd in a panic from the wretched den in whioh she had lived for some months — had fled on foot from Toulon — because the scoundrel who owned tho house had pursued her with infa mous proposals, and when she shrank Iron, him with indignant loathing, had conspired with somo of the vilest inmates of his house to bring a charge of theft against hor, Tho plot was shallow enough, her in nocence obvious ; but in her helplessness and inexperience-weak.ill, ponniless, friendless, my poor girl took fright. She saw herself in danger of being shut up in that place which she know too well from my abhorrent description, from tho glimpses she had had of my surroundings. Sho fled from Toulon with hor child, on foot, panic stricken at that false charge. This much, and no more, could I discover six years afterward!, when I was a freo man ; freo as a man can be with the brand upon his shoulder, tho taint of prison lifo infect ing him, his yellow passport the horald of his disgrace in every town lie enters, I was free ; but I was a ruined man, and I was a heart broken man into tho bargain. The scoundrel who had conspired against I'iqueretto had died an evil death ; so I had not eren tha com fort of reveuge. I left Toulon, hardened as only seven years of the chain can harden a man; hardened still more by tho loss of that one creature I had honestly and fondly loved. I was never able to trace my poor JoanuetonV footsteps to her nameless grave. Perhaps I might have tried harder : but those from whom I heard her story told mo that tho stamp of death was oa her whon shs left Toulon. Sho had not a week's lifo in lior, they said." "And your child? You took no pains to learn her fato asked Ilector. " Why ehouid I seek hor, poor waif ? Had I a home to givo licr, or even an honest name ? If sho had drifted to some .abode of charity so much the better ; ii sho had gravitated towards tho gutter I had uo power to rescuo lior. Tho infant had never fastened hor- velf upon my heart as her mother had done. The woman I loved being gone, I was content tho ohild should go with her. If I had found her, and could havo shel tered her, sin. . mid havo been not the less a grief and a pain to me, recalling what I had lost. When I loft Toulon I had done with human affection. I set my face towards Paris ; went back into tho jungle of the great city to lira upon my fellow uea — a beast of prey, nmong other beasts of prey." " You ore a strange being, my cousin." " I am wbat life iias made me. Portion, it I had been born with a big rent roll I should have been the soul of honor." " And you say Paquerotte i3 your daughter ? Aro you sure of her identity— sure that there is no missing link in the chain " I am sure. The first time I ever saw that girl's face, the night I met her with you on tho Steps at Tortoni's, it was a 3 if I had seen a ghost. It was Jeaanetou'tt face that flitted by mo in the lamplight ; a face from Later, as sho altered with the fatigues and cares of her theatrical career, it was still Jeanneton's face; Jeaunoten's face as I saw it lost in the buyue, I had no suspicion of tho truth. I thought of the likeness only as one of those accidental resemblances which are common enongh in life. Had you, either of you, mentioned the Rue Somhreuil, or the name of Lemoino — had you told mo that Pdquerelte was a fatherless waif, reared in that place, I should have been certain of the truth. But it was left for I'aqueretto'a husband to enlighten me as to her parent- age." "And ciaoa you have known the tie that unites her to you you havo limited for her " Every where. I told lehmacl that f had never been able to trace her beyond Val paraiso, and that I must go to Valparaiso to find thu track. Need I say that I did TtetgO so far as South America in search of tto poor girl, whotn I last saw in this rocm. drew a nice little lump of money for my passage to and fro, and contrived to lio perdu ia Paris, while I cautiously prosecuted my Tri'hUwMttsf., quest for my missing daughter. I havo not yet reinrned from Valparaiso, and I doubt if I shall return until I am furnished with the acts de dices from the authorities of that port." " Scamp and trickster to the last !" " Can the leopard chango his spots, or ths Ethiopian his skin ? or could you show me any way to earn my broad honestly, if I wanted to begin life afresh? No, my cousin; there is deep significance in that old fable of Hercules and the two roads. A man makes his choice, onca in his life, by which road he will travel ; and, l-y heaven, when once he has taken the wrong turning, there is no crosscut that will get him back to the right road. I took the wrong turning nino-and-thirty years ago, when I squandered the little hoard my father had scraped together to pay for my legal educa tion ; and from that hour to this every step I have travelled has been upon the downward road." " Do you think that PSquerotto is still liv ing?" inquired Hector, gloomily. "She had wretched health last winter. I have had many a miserable hour in the watches of the night, ; touring her aloue, friendless, penniless, dy ing of some lingering malady." " Who knows ? Paris is like a great forest. She might be living in the next street ; and one w ould know nothing. I hare put half a dozeaac vortisemants, cautiously worded, iu the likeliest newspaper ; but sbe may not have soen them. I have employed a man who keeps a private Inquiry office, and who has a knack of hunting idown people where everybody else woulc fail ; but as yet he has not found, her or an; trace of hor. Meanwhile, it seoms a pity that 1 should not touch a lump of money for ths acle de dece% She would be no worse off for being dead and buried — on paper ; aud it will be easy to resuscitate her lator, aud to explain that tile document was a mistake," " Cheat Ishmael as much .as you like, my cousin, on your own account ; but bring nons of yonr unholy gains this way. The coin would smell of brimstone," answered Hector, with a weary air. That name of Ishmael always gave htm a thrill of pain. It remindod him of the past when ho had been tho benefactor and Ishmael the obliged ; when he had been the superior ; when hopo still smiled upon his path ; when lifo was still glad. And now Ishmael's name was a word of power in Paris ; Ishmael had won ths weal tii whioh sweetons existence, whicli makes a man a ruler among his fellow men. And he, Ishmael's superior by education and opportunity, by the tiivinc- spark of poeli.-. genius, where was he. iu the meridian of life A star that hod burnt out ; a mine that iiad given up all its j)rueiou3 metal— u more husk oi manhood, looking with tired eyes along a dismal road, whoso end is death and ob livion, ' CiLvriEi; XXXI — "Tmf. Ktsuncoja of Nations Gaturreu Tourritzi:.'' The world was four weeks older sinco that memorable tith of June, when Ec.ezo'-vski tried to cut short a lifo which to destined t > end in after years by the handiwork ,-f a bolder assassin, Borozowak:, valiantly de fended by Emanuel Arago. had been ion- deuinod to imprisonment fur life .- and tiis Czar had gone buck to St. TeL : " burg somewhat offended that a I couch jury had scared the life nf his would- be assassin. The glory of the great show in the Champ do Mars was waning a little, at least to the jaded eyo of the Parisian, who saw the great glittering temple overy day if Lo picused. There had been a plethora of kings oferd princes, sultans and potentates from far earners of tho earth, aud the dhtiucllv local mind of the Parisian wns in a 6tate of historical and geographical bewilderment. On tbo out ward -crust of things, that gathering of the .nations was the crowning glory of the Imperial rulo, the triumph of the peaceful arts— not for. getting a good deal of space in the show de voted to the exhibition of tho latest develop meats, improuemenls and invention in ths art of slaughter. It was a reiga of peace— peace without honor, as somo fractious and bellicose spirits protested, France bad preserved her neutrality ; and had lost her prestige. On ono Bide she beheld a uuif d Italy — un friendly, ungrateful, suspicious ; on the other, a mighty Germanic confederation which threat ened her frontiers. The daring statecraft of Bismarck, strong in the triump of Sadowa, had transformed the modest kingdom of Prussia into a many headed monster, swollen with the overweening prido of viotoriouB pride. Seen by the stranger, Imperial France, as represented by this oity of wido boulevards aud many eftfes, new theatre.-,, and new bridges, market places such as no other city in Europe could show — judged by tiis splendor oc briok and stone, glass andiron, tho sacond empire might be taken to be at the apex of its glory ; but tho diplomatists and the statesmen who came to see tho show could look deeper into things than this outer huBk of pseudo-clastic boulovards and much expen diture in the building line. They knew that the glory of the empire had grown old like a garment, and her sun had gone down while it was yet day. The tragical end of that fond dream of an Imperial Mexico, the failure ul the negotiations about Luxembourg, tiie un friendly attitude of Italy, tha double dealing of Prussia — all these were thorns in tho pillow of him whoso sombre face, aged by chronic malady, assumed tho monarch's kindly smils as he returned the greeting of subject or stranger. Ah, what a strange and fatal his tory was suggested by that bent head, that meditative and anxious brow, those fca. tnrsc darkened by secret thought ! A childhood saddened by exile— a youth of ambitious dreams and vague aspi rations amid the mists of Lake Con stance ; auon tho enthusiast's wild efforts to re 'kindle thu star of a banished dynasty ; then ignominious failure and tho weary edu cation of captivity and oxi.e. Ail the dazzle and splendor of a reign of unexampled pros perity bnd failed to obliterate those shadows of oarly care ; and now the nooutido of suo- cess had waned, and the shades were deepening as the piigi im dcsconded the hill. To the indif ferent eyo ho was but little changed since Ihe Empire wns young — alittie more bent, perhaps, ft shade graver aud graver than in '.has brilliant noon of success arid popularity ; an 1 that was all. Rut thoso who were about hia person noted iiow from this time he sank into deeper taciturnity than that of old, au i isolated himself oftcner amidst the clouds of his cigarette. He read littlo ; he wrote m, more. The Imperial dreamer was wrapped in his dream ; and the dream was slowly darkening to the blackness of night. It was the find of July, day distinguished above other day by the distribution of prizes at the I'alacc of Industry — a coremonial Id be pre sided over by tho Emperor, who himself re. coived a first prize for hia workmen's dwellings Never was Ibis Etnpho of yesterday mors brilliantly supported by the princes and poten tates of ancient days. England was here in tiie poraon of her debouuaire young prince, heir to that crown which had onco cla'mtJ this wide France as an appauage. Yonder, iu shining robes of purest white, cams the tiultun. unconscious of that dark line of lnm-dcr iu his house of life ; the prince of Orange, Hie Duke of Cambridge, tbo Duke of Teck, the Crown Prince of Prussia, Humbert of Italy, Mo- hemraod-Lffendu Abdul-llaaiid, princes, princesses aud princelings seemingly number less as the starry Lost ; and among them all tho Empress Eugenic, fairest star iu that splen did galaxy. A wonderful cortege, a procession of stars and gaiters, knighthoods of every order, aaiutly badges, eagles and crowus — a dazzling train, moving slowly, with stately footsteps, to ib-.- music of a triumphal bymu composed by lio.tiai ic "honor of this great otcielon. The Empcrcr'e spt'ch was fuii ot" that ail- round congratulation and pious exultation which are the dominant notes in such speeches. -Bo ftliciUtei fcisucU wdgtabegeft baying received all the princes ai:d potentates of the civilised world, and the masses of th9 nations in their train. Ho bade his subjects tike pride to themselves in having shown fcbe peonies of tho earth France in tho zenith n her greatness, hnr prosperity, her freedom, uiiivigu nations must needs appreciate this r.-eat counter, once so trouhied, to-day laborious, rain., fertile in noble ideas, rich in genius, unsjoicd by materiel prosperity. Despite the increase of wealth, despite the natural b-int of civilised man to pleasure and 1 usury, the national fibre was ever reifly to vibrate, tho national heart to be it high to tho call of honor : but that warlike impulse ot noble souls need be no longer a cause of peril for the repose of the world. France was no longer the disturber of tho nation?. Tho initialed wore not deceived by Imperial rhetoric. JVicy knew that the moment which the Emperor had chosen for she glorification of Franco and her institutions was tho very moment when those institutions vero on tho verge of shipwreck. The hearts of her men and women v;ero rotten at the core ; debased by a liic'cf dissipation and effeminate luxury ; a so ciety made up of ciir-raz.d aim fLCC'Uc / a nation living beyond its means, and inciting other nations to a like foolishness ; a aociety in which home-life was almost extinct, and re>, lirfion no more than a fauhicnablc formufe, patronised by tho wire3 and daugtyte. igaored by. husbands and fathers. Y/hilo the music of that triumphaj' hymn was reverberating along the rooty of tho Falaco of Industry, which for to-day was eoftoned by a whilo velarium, spangled with - golden stiy.3 ; wbile the drums were heating, and thufpompous pro cession was moving with slow 3fid stately tread under the sunlight, was there; no vision before tho Emporor's eyes — uearerr-inoro vivid, than tho flag3 and tho eagle3, tho dazslo of splendid uniforms, the vidid coloring of the gaiiy clad crowd, tho trophies, and palm trees, and flowers —was there no nearer vision of a brother Em peror, scion of an'.Imperial house, a young man now lying in his bloody grave, the victim of an ambitions dreamer's fatal error T'ho news of Maximilian's death was fresh in the Emperor's mind on that July afternoon. Uo had reeeivod the despatch that told him his protege's doom in that very building, just before ho made his speech. Yes, it was there before him, tho bloody vision of Ida ghastliest failure— the foredoomed Mexican ex pedition. Tho young Emperor with his handful of troopd, helpless in beleaguered and famished Queretaro ; tho attempted flight in tho dim dawn of a summer morning ; and then, flight proving hopeless, tho white flag, and tho piteous appeal to Escobedo : " Let me go under escort to any port you please from whenco I may embark for Europe. I swear to you on my honor uever again to sot foot in Moxico." Never again - Alas, poor scion of the Hapsburghs, riot so oasily does the fatal trap into which thy foolish footstops have been lured nolock its iron jaws'. There have been evil deeds dona in thy uaino in this lend of. extinct volcanoes. Those men aro blood thirsty in their triumph, and no plea from republican America yonder, uo prayers of thine own friends, nor tho heroic advocacy of tby counsel, can save thee. Bravely dost thou go to thy untimely death in the pale Juno morning ; whiis that far otf Paris, which, sent then to thy doom, is all a flutter with the flags of her festival. Bar sine v/us at Nancy, keeping quiet. At his landing at Havre he had boon rocoived without honor — iudccd, with all the sign3 and tokens of diugrace. But already tho Imperial displeaidre was lessoned. There hod bean no conch- martial, no impoaabment, uo day cf reckoning. That was to come later, lor master and earve.nl. Lady Constauce Daueteeo was among the t'ashionablo crowd at this Imperial function. However litllo one may care for guoh spec tacles one must assist them, or society will ask " why not ?" anil it is sometimes more troublo to explain an omission than to make tho sacri fice of inclination which society requires. Lady Constance had been going every where of late. Sho had her box for tho Tuesdays at the Eraugais ; sho was seen at tho opera, at the little theatres, at every raco meeting near Paris. Site scorned to hawe, a thirst for umusemout, to bo hurrying killer and thither in quest of excitement. " I thought you cared very little about these things," her friead Lady Valentine said to her 0110 night at a great festival at tho opera, "You used to laugh at my lovo of pleasure, and to wonder that I, who am nearly' '20 years your sonior, could live so much in society. I told yon that as you grew older you would waat mors amusement. But that time has not come yet." "One must go with the bard," answorcd Constance listlessly, " But you never used to go with the herd," remonstrated Lady Valentine ; " that was your great charm. You warp not afraid to think for yourself, I am euro that this, feverish life docs not suit you. You are looking, pale and worn, haggard almost. You will loso your beauty if you ate not careful." "I am not going to be careful for, tho sake of that unknown quantity which you are pleased to call my beauty," answered Con stance laughing. "Quo ,must enjoy ono's life." , ."Ah, but yon don't look as if you wero on- joying ii(e. You don't look happy, " Lady Valentine took upon herself all the privileges, of an old friend, and was eminently troublesome. Other people wero not so familiar with Constance Dpnetree's charnc. tor, and . to that ouber circle she oiomei a radiant creature, full of enjoy ment in a very enjoyable world, gifted with all charms aud blessings that can make life worth living. Sho went everywhere, was seen everywhere; in that merry month of June .f-'.hsatris, operas, balls, racus, concerts, dinners, afternoon gatherings of all kinds. V/hurever the elite oi Paris were to he found, Conttanco Danetree was euro to be among them. But ge whero aha would, she nover met the great con tractor, the man of bridges, and. markets, and viaducts, and railways. Not once since that afternoon of June the tilh had she looked upon the face of Ishmael. Nor did she hear bis name often in society ; for although he was rovcrunred for his succosa, and the wealth that had followed success, bo was lul a mau of the world in society's a j- captation, of the word. He did not spend his money as a ni»a should who wishes to stindi well with society. Ha livod in an old world cjfner of Paris, and entertained ou'.y his few and particular friends. He bought neither pictures non statues ; ho. collected neither rave plate nor old books. His figure was unknown io the Hotel Drouot. He was nobody's patron iu the world of r.rt. He had no chateau in', tho country, uo shooting parties or wild bour hunts. Hs kept no stud, had won no distinction upon tho turf, which was just then the nltra-faslio'ua'jfe amuse ment r.l:ko for ariatrocr.it and plutocrat. By those who lrnaw very little about him ho wa3 bit down as a churl and a inir.er— a'.raru who chore to live apart and gloat over bis money bogs.rathir than to float gaily along that brisk current of pleasure I ud diuripntiou which WJ3 so merrily drifting young Fn.uco onoknew uot whither. Those who know him well knew that ho was one of tho foremost philanthropists of Prance, ih-t h.'s purse hid helped and his hraiu had guided some of the noblest l eucines for the ivclfaru of men, women and iliildreu which the modem science of charity had devised. His purse did not open at every call. He was not a proy to tho charlatan K-.-od who make banevqlyjco a trade, the l.--te».writero and rud»t?pisU, the theorists and tossy philithscplek. . He han founded a bcaivc'.eaa iqiututfen of c-sticterafclo import- ir.ee, which ho maintained at his own cnt, upon his own cyatom. This was a refuge and school for indigent boys and girls, very much upon the plan of the admirable institutions founded later by Monsieur Bonjcaa, noble sou cf a heroic father,', aud by the good Abbe Eoussel for boys only. The home was In the country iu a village beyond Marly, aud hither be sent the friendless little waifs whom his agents gathered up like fallen leaver, out of Parisian gutters, to be purified and re-created arnidet green fields and flowers, woods and running streams. There were uo happier hoars of the millionaire's lifo than those which he scent among these rescued toyous, watching them at v> ark in the quaint old gardens, or at their studies in the grave old house, which had been a monastery before the revolution of. ninety-eight, and which being left remote from railroads aud in a statu of decay, had bceu bought for about a fourth of Its value, At the children's homo Ishmael was kuowu as Monsieur Chose, and it was only his most intimate friends who knew him as the author of lhis_gpod work. His interest in, aud his labors for, tnis largo institution occupied all his inter val; of leisure iu this uumrnorof eixty-seven; and he had rcf uaedallinvitations sav eior those public banquets at which his preseuco was a profes- '.fecal necessity. Ho had only been two or three times at the exhibition, and ou each oc-. lai'.on he had gone only to do the honors of the show to some distinguished foreigner in bis rnvn line of life -a Naemyth, a Peto, or a Lunard. Thus the mouth had passed, aud he aud Con stance Danetree had uever mot. She had gone everywhere, trying to forget him, despising herself because of that weakness cf her woman's heart, which made forgetfulness impossible. Sho had tried to drown thought aud memory in tho wine of pleasure ; but tho. wine tasted of dust and ashes, and memory remained unaltered. The evening of July the And' was to be distinguished by a grand ball at a uoblu old house in the Faubourg Saint, Germain. It was a ball that had been. talked of incessantly in Lady Constaueo Danutrco's circle for tho last three weeks. The giver of the entertain ment was the Baroness Clavaroohe, a lady, whose husband had been until a year ago a stanch Legitimist, but who, soon after tho death of his mother — an ancient dame dis tinguished for tiro severity of hoc morale, the dignity of her manners, aud tho. rancor of her hatred for tho lace of Bonaparte — had astonished all Parisian Bocicty by suddenly turning his coat, and accepting an important office at the Imperial court. Like all con verts, the Baron was iuteuso in his enthusiasm for his uew creed, swore by the Emperor iu this twilight of his glory as if it had boon still broad noon, was a passionate advocate of tho Imperial policy in the Chamber and out of it — out Bouher-ing Ilouhor himself, the " second Emperor," iu the boldness of bis partisanship. Tho Baroness Ciavaroche, who was about fifteen years her husband's junior, and who loved gaiety and expenditure, considered it her boundon duty to give a festivity of some kind in honour of the Imperial idea. She had sent out cards for a ball which, accordiug tu tho tongues of rumor, was to surpass iu splendor all private entertainments of this splendid year. Everybody who was noblu, or rich, or famous, or beau tiful hud been invited to the festival, and not to hive been asked meant social ostracism. Madame Ciavaroche and Lady Constance met in the fashionable crowd at tho Palace of In dustry ou tho morning of the And, the Baroness radiant with delight at the success of her ball, which was already an assured fact ; for in society success begins with the voice of rumor and the excitement of anticipaliou. A ball not talked about immensely beforehand would bo a predoomtd failure. " Everybody is coming," exclaimed Madamo Ciavaroche ; " everybody. I could count tho fow refusals on my tingora ; and those are all from people wlui are tou ill ' i move." 1 "Have you asked Monsieur Ishmaol, who canio after tho Emperor, and took first price fur workmen's houses," inquired Ccustaueo carelessly, "among your numerous notorieties?" " Yes, I asked Monrirur Iohmael. iio is a gioat favorite of mine — so earnest, so original, such a contrast to our pelits crcoej. I did n.,t forget him. But I am sorry to say he is ono of my few refusals." " Whit ! Is Ac too ill to niovu " No, but hs tells mo he is not going out uuywhere this season. He has some great work in hand — a railway in the south somewhere, between Mimes and thu Pyrenees, a stupen dous affair, all viaduct and tunnel. He is too busy to go to balls, But wo iball have plenty of notabilities for you — the Siamese Princes, tho Cham of 'i'artary, tbo brother of the Tycoon. I am told the brother of the Tyeooq, is a most fascinating porsou— not haudsome, you know, according to our European idea, but a most interesting type, Be sure you como early." " If I do, I shall not stay late," answered Constance. " I find that I urn growing old and soon grow tired of lights and music." "That is all nonxauec. You must como early and atav late. I want baanry to be a conspicuous element in my rooms. What |s tho uso of providing a background of flowers, and fountaiua and electric light, if the living foreground is to bo made up of ugliness? Toll mo about your costumo. Who made it V" " You had better ask who is making it. PerhapB it is not yet begun. You know what these people are. I went to thu new man who made the gowuB for the last comedy at the Gyinnase." " You aro very wise, Tho uew man has a taste, an instinct altogether Aoi's h'gne. Spricht ia trading on a past, reputation ; bo has emptied his bag. That pink aatin and silver gown Piorson wore in tho second act of Contagiqu was a marvel. And it - /as such a brilliant idea to return to the sheen and shimmer of satin after the dreary reigti of lustreless rilks. I am going tu wear satin to-nigkt," added tho Baroness, with an air. She' ivaa a stont woman, fair, and with frizzy hair, always overdressed : for despite the uni versal prejudico in iavor of Parisian taste, there are women ill Paris who sin upon tho side of superabundant finery, ' ' If you waut to know what you ought no( to wear," said M r. Spricht, tbo great couturier, to one of bis favorite clients, privileged to enjoy tbo dear men's confidence, "you have only to look at the Baroness Ciavaroche." " But surely ;iou make all her gowns;" ex- claimed iho customer. "I havo heard her ssy so." " I make her gowns, madame, but I did not make her Sgure. You would not expect me to waste refined art upon a woman who has no more shape than a pincushion. Madame Ciavaroche comes here, and I sell her my most expeusivo stuffs, and my people make them into gowns, and load tliom with the costliest garniture ; <.ud the result is tho Baronies Ciavaroche as,.you see her. I havo nothing to do with it. . It would not soil my lingers by touching a yard of lace in such a cause. I do no( lead a forlorn hope." " Then, unless one has a decent figure and a little natural grace, there is no use in coming to you," murmured the customer moekJy, full of reverence for tho great man. " It would be wiser in such a case to keep your money ia your pocket. It was thoMarquiso do liur-le duc who persuaded mo to undertake Madame Ciavaroche, and to oblige thai sweet Marquiso, who vas at that time Uu dericcr bien with r.u exalted personage who shall be name-, lesr, I would do a great deal. If the Baroness had been amenable t> reason aud good advice. I might have taken some iutereet in her, . iu spite of her figure. I might even have succeeded in making her look well. But the Baroness thinks heisalf a lino woman aud has ideas oi her own ; two insuperable difficulties. I alii w her to wear v/hat she 'ikes ; oho pays me f o: tv thousand francs a year ; and, oi I said before, the result is— the Baroness Ciavaroche." Iu spite oi this i tartb'ng condemnation from the highest authority, the Baroness Ciavaroche was the fashion, and helped to lead thu fashions in that brilliant Paris of 1Su7. In those days beauty and grace were not essentia! elements iu a woman of far.hiou — a grain of wit and a bushel of audacity were rather tho indispensable qualifications for that distin guished ro'e. Was it not said by one of the moot accomplished courtiers of that epoch, concerning quite the most charming womiu of the Imperial eriouratj:, that she was two- thirds lore; to and cap third great lady? If this could be slid of the gre.t leader, of the iezu mende, to sure all the little leaders fol lowed jn the sizaqtfack. . 