TALES AND SKETCHES. THB TWO MRS LOVIBOND3. "Tboro is no othor way out of the dlffl- nolty/'uid Mr Lovibond ompbatioally ; Ma paiatioo la neither fish not fl.eh nor good red hairing. I ant not aoioit to bAOff ton on tho head, maoh so yr n uea ivo it, or knock you down J neither do I desire you to dlegraoo ynut self aud mo by figuring in iho Uw-oou;tu ; therefore1, there ie nothing leit you, that I can set, but to quietly dio out olu>y lito, and dto- appcar alt: golbcr." ' Why should yon not die, If it ocmes to tlatt" asked Mrs Lovibond ficro ly $ 11 it'a better tor ou to begin the world again than for me. Yon have heaps cf fiioado and rolatioou to comlort yon j I haven't a soul bslong'n to me." « Just the reaion why I have eeleotad you %. enact the robot ooroe?," omweted Mr Lvi tend easily ; 'whoru I should have dczsoa ot wreple ecming and iUBtating on aeoiog the iedyt yon would not have o&o.; Bisldea. e'ory oh knows tbo viclonoe cf your temper ; what tore llktly than that you ahculd have ortk«n nblord-vosrel Buddeniy. or overatraiued the Made ot your heart ? Btliove mo, I do not aug- geat tbiaoumee h«edlea«Iy ; I thought of it for along time, and havo mode all arrangement. It's not nearly aa difficult or disagreeable an | vent aa you might imagine. In fact, you with loget rid of mo, I no less ardently dosire to be quit of your company, and thia forms an xotllsnt solution of the difficulty," "Suppreal wish to txtfixiy agafc, or that yen dor1 demanded hie wlfo ; "euoh things have happened, jou know ; our hoarie might he caught in the tetoand ; that event, I Unoy, vrould bo a litil awkward." " At present I can't imagino that I could trer dBhe to run nay head into tho noes gain," rema:ked Mr Livibood airily, " £ Mean— alter a decent Interval, ofoouraa— lo aoy mj69lf. I havo nevnr had my fliog, Uranki to oua idiotically early marriage; you have never bad youra. Bliss mc, I saall on Joymyaelf mightily, oitco my blaak ocathas worn out, and tho grass has grown green over your grave You shall eh-joae your own monu moot— co sxpenie spar?d ; it is the last thing I can do tor you, you know." " I wish to goodueee t had uevar saen your face l"exoleiu.od Mrs Lovibond, hoc handker chief held between her fiogcrr, demonslratiag the viohnoe ol her emotion aa she twitted it about,, and fioally tore it into ehrede, "I Wish— 0, how I wiih— '' " I hava hard all thcio remarks jast ouo Million timer," said Mr Livibood coolly. ' I kntwexaotly bow much you detoat mo, pre- daaly what yon would like to do to me it you were only strong enough. I don't forget the amiable manner m which yon boxed my ears the work after we were married, beoause I told yen Iw Petit P»ust waa not exaotly the aortof play to take a b'utbing bride ot B?venteen to « ; nor the manner in whioh you flew at me, and tore my necktie when we returned borne, and yon discovered (hat the house waa smaller than yon had led yourself to expsot At fir.-t, I must say, your dear littlo temper amused me. It famy only fault. $«It I had held you down, and Bmaoked you well tbo first time you forgot y.ureelf and your duty to me, my life would have been pleasant, and you would havo been tamed" 4And pray what should I hava been doing while yen held me down?1 arked Mrs Lovi bond, with a sneer ; 41 you seem to forget two can ptay at that game." "My dear chilo, what oould you have done '' again t me, bad I chosen to oxtrt my stroogtb?1' replied her fmiband ; "Just wo I" and going up to her, he seized her by ber elbow, and held her as if in a vico with one band, while with the other ha pretended to box bar oar«. "Now Low conld yoa btxaggls ont o! that?" added be, a, exhausted with her vain at temp to get away from him, sto panted and glared at him likoadomon. 'I have an iu- vfseible dtoliko to striking a woman, ss you know, and a still strongor objeoticn to washing my soiled garments in poblio; or, perhaos, tho law Bhcula do for us what I menn to do tor ay- self— getrid of you, aud to end my days in hsppmesa," " What aroYcur plans, than?" asked Mrs Xovibond, sitting down ss for as she oould bom her husband. 11 1 am only too anxious to ba quit of you, but I fail fo see how you ore feipg to manege." "Yen know Stone; a good fellow, but slightly impecunious," replied Mr Lovibond, " ready to swear anything lor a consideration, including that you were mad, my lady, which waa bto plan for for shaking you oil ; not mine, so don't fly at me again. Well, that considera tion to bis, in return for a death-osrtifioats, whioh will bo forthcoming the moment the breath to out ot your body — that is to s»y, the Mutant you, aa Mrs Anybody you like to name, have sailed in a beautiful ship for the other aide ot the world." " I sboald bo muoh obliged if you would calmly tell me what you and Mr Stone have titled," replied Mrs Lovibond, trying to kesp her tamper (a remarkably diffioolt feat to ao- compltob, and ono her husband often implored her not to endeavor to do, aa it was not worth staining). " Certainly, with the great's! pleasure in life," said Mr Lovibond. "You and I are folng down to look ever that now plaee I oon- tsnplated buying before we agreed we oould live no longer together. You are to be taken HI suddenly at Stone's bouse ; he will find tho body— dtoeeoting fellowa like|tbat can always put their hands on a body. This will take pour plaoe in the bed, while you are off to Liverpool, wheio you can remain until the ship ails for Australia. I havo friooda out there to whom I'll give rou introductions, and who re very jolly. |Pqbg aa a young widow lor a year or two ; alter whioh yon can do aa you mora eapeetolly if yon dye that yellow fluff of joura black and smooth it down, Very flaw people know you by tight as it la. Owing to poor naturally sweet disposition you have few, if any, acquaintances and not one friend ; and your own fortune I will deposit with the Hardisgs in Australia, who are trustworthy folks and oan give you excellent security and good advioe, which of course you won't take- yon never did." u No, or I certainly should never have mar ried yon," answered Mrs Lovibond sharply. "Your oool sarcastic tongue has nearly driven ma mad; and bad it not been for that, we should have beau happy enough." "P/ay let byegooes be bygone," raid Mr Lovibond; "no a mo ant of recrimination or barking back will alter exiiting circumstanoes, The last year has verily been Hades, to uss no stronger expression, and the ooljr thing left us k to get onto! the position In the best way ws esn.,r "SuppoeoMr Stone tolls of us when his con sideration is spent, and blackmails us at Intervals ?' suggested Mia Lovibond. " Aa I believe giving a false certificate ren ders him liable to penal servitude for life," sewered her husband, " he is hardly likely to be such a fool. I am «<ot sure of tbe amount ot the punishment, but I know it's a heavy one. Still, naturally, I should never allow him lo want; that would be mean, after doing us ouch aervioe. But come, time waxes short. I've n appointment at five with Stone, let me have your answer— yea or no." " Of eouise it must be yei," said his wife rossly : " only please tell mo what I'm to do bout clothes," "All that you'll find Mr Stone hoe ar ranged, "replied Mr Lovibond, "Ai soon as he's secured his body bs'li let ue know, and off yon go to die a deoent death. Lst me implore wen," he aided earnestly, " to endeavor to Have some ot your temper in the silent tomb. Believe me Lest, you can navir bona for han- sfcets as long aa you give way to the demon amide you No one had a better chance than you had with me, Not one man in a thousand, though I say it as shouldn't,' would have been -as kin a to yon and aa forbearing aa I have keen." "Pe-hape if you hadn't been se virtuooa.it would have been battel for mo," faltered Mrs Lovibond, "I might havo been cured bad you—" " Ab. well, it ii too late to make sugges tions," interrupted her husband : " look out lot all that in No 2, and be mifeotly rare I shall not forbid tbe banna Xt'a ridiculous Saw that binds us together, utterly lacking in common aetue, and I for one should have no aerople in breaking it. However, after next week you and I oeaee to be husband and wife is a decent regular fashion, and I only hope you'll havo weather for the voyage, awd enjoy yourself iq a land you have atarays bees dying to see and so eayinvMtiovi bond walked off whistling to meeOu-Btou and moke final arrangements for toe oanrjiog out bt his unlawful plan for breaking a fio that bad become almost unbearable nearly aa toon aa it bad been formed. Shfl worst of It was that before the marriage Intra waa not one of BirLovibsnd'a friends and ariatirma who had not warned him against Lena Mil ward Her tamper had caused the death ol her mother; hat father had died fuat before her birth of a fit of dilirium trcmcnt — cot the first nor -the eooond ; she had not a friend in the world, o tompanion badever Uvod thrio mouths in Ita soma houea with her Oaos eha had queened a robin to doath in her bands booause it pecked her instead of the sugar the waa'.bold Jng foe it. Everything waa against aad nothing . . for a marriage that bad brought nothing but jaiavrf la Ita train — misery that wai not t laaaasod by the " I told you ao " expression that Bitted aocroea the relations' oonntenanoea at a i dinner pert to which they were all invited, 1 the flrat cad only Christmas Mr and Mrs Lm- 1 bocd bed over endeavored to keep; and where i% Mn Loviboad dtotinsotohed benel! by spilling 1 Mw lighted brandy all over the teUe-oIotb, to —Ml mi Mr Lovibcnd that the spirit had welly esogfat fire, even -though iho had per M Stadia igniting U herself lo a manner entirely \ bey own, and which took at least tan minutes \- £i-A to neeampUab. while the pudding was oooliog V\ uvUtoMdli Rim vm all waRing to bo >.v\ «n» V'A Mot en ol Mr Lciibond' namnoai citato v : 'v MHtett.dtoh.ar ttul Mi. Lovibond's ; \ eveotuioad heart hiKjgivui w» taddtalr, "t i .4 end that she had hesn found drad In her bed i > wbMSnbs M beta «t»j- leg ; and when they alio beard that tbo night boloco her death aba hd jiivm way to- snawtul fr of temper, btoauseMr LovlbuuJ dvoliuecl to take tho mansion they hod gono down to in- apeot, thov woioono and all of the opinion thut U was jnet what they hnd been expeotmg f->r year, »sd bad often prophesied must happen icontr or later. Aud wirnn tha tnc-o al was ovrr. and hor parmeota duty dis tionted, and her mighty bills all lotlid, there wns not one individual who did not h neatly tc joioo that poor Jnek Lovibond's loog martyrdom was ;vor, aud that at last ho conld to tbw jolly geueroue corupautoa and \olntvm ho had bcou of old. brio: that littlo pi fice had 0)mo across his pMb. Icdocd, after tho first yoav of Jack LovibcuO's so-oallcd mouruing was over, be ulmoit brgau to btliove is tbe legend ho had bimsblt iuvooted, aud, is tiro', eltogothsr appealed to forgot ho hud ever boou married. Not evon to hinmlf, certainly to no othr individual, had be vnr oontessed how tialy terrible bad been the life he had led with Lna. At times be really deemed her mad; aud apain, at time, bo had been femptodio raise bis baud to bor, and was ooly withhold oy the diead tost rago should make his blow heavier than be intended, and r-isult lu murder instead of the whuleiome oarrootton be so richly dcterved. Ho bad pioiurtd in bis own mind tboir growlcg old together, each year more miserable than tho lost, each day aud night moro fraught with terror than th >io that bad pioceded them ; he bad fauoiad himsl( unablo to refrain from striking ber; he had dreamed bidooue dreams ol hu being trinl for murder, of being hanged, and h « I often wakv d with iho ropo round his neck, aodhims<lf ohok'ug with tbe dread aud anguinh ol his own imagination, to find hie wifn atrikiog and shaking him for daring to diatutb her own repoBO with bis restUBBuess. Now all this was ovor aud dono with, aud Mr. Lmb.tud was a ft oo mnu. At firet ho had hardly bilievcd bis plan oonla really bo anostssful; but as months woi.t by, aud ho had no news from Australia ot his lato wifo, ho begai to trust that sho was in ttnth dead, and that ho was the widower in reality that bo appeared to bo to tbe world. Mr. Hsrdiug bad ofton commuuisatad with him respecting tha moaty hu hold iu trust lot Mr. Lovtbond'e lady fri«ud. Ho had written to tell how ho had gone down to tbo >>hip to meet Mis. Lawti n, and bow n > Mrs Lawton bad appeared, albeit a pasiago had hoeu duly paid lor iuthat namr, and ai duly f-rfoitod by the lady's con app?araD03 ; cnlall Mr. lovi bond oould tell him was to kcap tbo moooy until tho owner turned up; (orsho was naturally of an eccontrio nature, and no ouo ovor knew what soo would do next. As surely qb Mr. Lovitoad bad pi an nod his widowerhood, so surely aud so certainly bad Mrs. Lovibond entirely aud utterly dis appeared ; and though at tim?s Mr. Lviboud felt he would rather knew that shs was a»fa io Australia, or bad 8 ms idea o( her whorcabouts b mouths became years, and yeare thoms-'lves paeatd oo, he ceased entirely to thiak oi hr, savoattbe Bt&tod; time when his fri-nd sent him tbo iutorctt of hor fortano, whioh he as regularly despatched to some hospital, fooling euro that sho muBt be dead ia truto, and that this was tbe host way of disposing ot inoaoy uo power on earth should ooforoe him to spend himself. It was certainly a lonely mierablo existooce for any man, and doubly lonoly aud muorabio for Mr Lovitbond, woo, I as his wife often observed, had no vices, and oared only for a book and his firoiido once the toils ol the day were over. Acd whan the end of the saventn year came, and brought with it no »igo that Lena waa in tbe land of tbo living, Mr. Lovi bond, possessed by the ballot th»t a sjroa yearn 'reparation constituted a divoroo asaood s any ovor pronounced cy Sir Jamos Hanaen, began to look about him, dotcrmiuoi tunt this time, at toast, no mistakes t-buald be mde, aud that it wanld not be his isult if bin fu'.ure was not as happy os his pa<st was wretched. And io, at forty- on9, Mr Lovibond bgan his life once mere, utterly diffotoit in every way. Ho tosmed as if ho had slopped into 1 another world, wnere women were ladies eag«r to make the best of life, and, only caring for the comfort ot tbsir buBbands aud ohildreu, scarcely thought of tbe outside world, save as a ptooe in which tboy oould forage for those dnpt ndent on their love aud care ; acd although Ms Lovibond No. 2 had a firm will, aud ttver gave in when a principle was involved, she managed ber husband to sucoesafnly that he did not know he was managed, whioh ia much the beat way, after all, of getting round that natural oremy of the female eex -man, It was a curious life, too, monotonous acd quiet, if peaceful; and the days flowed by, until, ono Sunday morning, Mr Lovibond woke with a start to roo.llect that ha was fitty, jatt fifty that very day, and that his first wifo hod been dead rather more than aixteeo years. He had often talked of his miserable life to hie present wife, but had never told her how mysterious and how wiong had been thi mau nor of his parting with hia fint wife, aud her disappearance. Oace or twioe, urged thereto by hie conscience, ha had beeo ou tbe point of tailing ber Ibe Btory; bat whenever he hod felt c specially iueli&ed; to do so, the asaurauoe that Mr Stone had given him that he bad better not do so, for l?«uline would nover marry him if be did, foroed itself unpleasantly before him, and he felt bo could not run the ri»k of Pauline's giving him up, and co wreck ing hia life onoe more. And as Pauline waa Mr Stone's own cooain, of ooureehe mustknow more shout ber dispesition than even her fiance did. Somehow or other, the foot that it was his birthday mode Mr Lovibond remember hia fir&t; wife mora forcibly than be had ever done before, and he had almost concluded to UllFauline tho whole story, when hia children rushed into their room, laden with presrn s and good wiehcB, son the matter went straight oat of his head. Yet, for ail that, an uneasy feeling atemed to soiza him, aod he talc oppressed, ss if by a presentment that some thing was about to happen of an aoplcaeaot nature— a feeling that, perhaps, was accentu ated by the ringing of tbe church bells, aod tbe knowledge that tbe curate's sormon was bsngirg over hie devoted hoad ; but he took up the gloves and prayer-book brought to him by bis wife, who was arrayed in a brand-nsw bonnet to do honor to theoocasioQ,and followed her without making one of the tbouraod Fxccssa that were trembling on hi tongue, finally reaching tbe ohurob in anything but a favorable frame of mind. Soddenlv be beiame aware that a pair ot eyes weio fixed steadily upon him, ood locking up from b>s devotions he saw tbo, slatou well-renumbered face ol wife No. 1 gaztog at him, and then at his wife and children, with a holt- Bcornful, half-pity iog look upon the faoa that was enough to drive anybody wild, and at onoe the situation struok Mr Lovibond, and be frit aa if the whole world was going mad. It was such an -'ordinary looking affair— & good, safe, middle-dais, orthodox Sunday gatberiog to all tbe on lookers, yet to him and that other wretched creature eontaioicg the etomenta of an awful tregedy that would bring down the fair fabrio about bis ears, and rodnoe his home in one moment to an abode of misery and despair, Mr Lovibond could bear it oo longer, and whispering to his wife that the beat of the chnroh made him feel ill, he roee aod hurriedly went ont into the open air, makiog almost meohonioally for bis own home. But the instant be rose, tbe woman ia tho opposite pew rose too, and gliding ont qaiokiy and quietly, osme up to the unfortunate man, od. plating her hand on his arm, said, "I eaw yon remembered me, Jack ; I am glad indeed that old age has not al tared me aa much aa I feared It had." "What have yon returned for, woman ?" groaned tbe unfortunate husband, shaking off erdetalnioggrup, aaif her mere touch was detestable to hmt ' Simply beoause I am very tired of liviog alone." answered ahe. "The old affection I onoelnad for yon has reasserted itself. I pined to see you, Jack ; I never did liks the idea of dying ont of your life. Yon are bound to love and cherish me. I have never forfeited your love. My temper waa bad, .'I admit, but it was not my Uult. I have an incurable dis ease, end I wanted to comb back to yon Yon did lova me once" "I detast yon now," raid Mr Lovibond fieroely, But we eannot taUc here ; yon sea bow I am situated I hava wife aod children s even if did not hate you— and how I bate yon I dare not aay— what wonld beoome of them if yon catried out your kind inten tions of breaking up my home in order that Eon may die in my presence ? Die 1" added o, laughing laidoaically, " yon are dead : sixteen jean have yon bsen sleeping in Keueal ! Greeo Ghosts aro ont of date, madam ; how : aro yon going to prove your oaio ?" . "O, Jack, Jack!'' pleaded tbo unhappy woman, holding ont ber thin bands to bio, havo pity on me 1 I am your wife, yon know am." "A nice wife yon were !" answered be, still more furiously, "You drove me mad with your tongue, yon caused me to commit acrimr; and now, when I am happy, when I have lov lng children and a darling wifo, you oome to me, yon break your compact, and return, actually contemplating that I ahali npset all this to take to my arms woman who made my Ufa a bell npon earth. No; I deoline to acknow ledge yon Go back to where yon evtne from, nnuas yon wish to be shut op aa a lonatio." " I shall go to tbe p»bod yon call your wife aod ue what ihe says to tbo story," said Mrs Lovibond, with a tooob of her old xnalioo. " It will took wall ia the daily papers at any rate I have friends on tbo press, and I poasen a pen that oan sting. It has kept me all these yeare; now I willioe if it eannpt unmake yon, yon hypocrite, goiogto oboroh end tinging psalms, and poring as living a godly life, whoa all the time yon are keoping a mfBtrcar, aad your children are—" Ent Mrs Lovibond was never fated to g t out this last word, for, with a ovy like a wild beast, Mr Lovibond flew at her, and, ibokfng her madly, cast her from him aa if ehe were . aomo fearful reptile ha would destroy, end was turning to fire ho knew not where, when Mr« Lovibond, after staggering a few ateps forward fell heavily to the groqnd, whew, sighing onoe ot twice, and giving a coavnltive shudder, she ritetcbcd herself ont wearily, and in ona mi mens piifF'd into a sitosoe neither she nor arv one elrehaxovrr ha1 powtr o break. Tbo suburb rutiocisod by Mr L ivlboiul had pl» iriy to talk about thut Suodoy. am) D o in habitant- clenily saw tbe bond of Providence in tho foot that Mr Lovib> nd's exit troui ohm ch hid cuablsd him to j ssht tbe unfortu nate stia-gor-lay, oho waa found (toad ot heart dieoavo in tho small plantation jurt be hind thi church porch, nud wh"o n»ruo »n<1 family Mr Loribcud was nev.r nblotJilis- o v-r, although he insortod more llum ouo anverthorooctintbo Times and other papers. But rcroehow cr othor Mr L .viboml was Dover quite tbe bubo Again altar tbe ahook ot s-ieing hie real wifo die eaddenly, almost, by his hairi, aod he h»s nover golmd ouurtgo to toll Mrs Lovibond No. 2 how vory lilt to right either she or tho children havo to bear bis namn ; and io ( nco moro aa ie ao often tbe case is thi woll- ordtrcd world ol oar?, tbo innocent etill coo- tinuo to suffer (ribrit thoy kuow it not, and will not know it, until Mr Lovibond's will is read out aftar hia tuners!) for the guilty,— London H'oWd. 