MISCELLANEOUS. Ivo Bligh is considered to be the b:st tennis-player in England. Some of the settlers in the Northern Ter ritory have been amusing themselves with killing horses belonging to Chinese. Another larjre fire has occurred in Auck land, N.Z., and the hungry flames licked up £30,000 worth of soft goods in no time. Peter Meyers, of Port Broughton, is miss- ing. It is supposed that he has been drowned. A parsnip grown in Scotland attained the enormous length of 44 in., while one from Durham was shown to be 37 in. long and 17 in. m circumference. There was too much sperm put on the Clare Town Hall floor on Tuesday evening. The ladies and gentlemen found it difficult to keep their equilibrium while dancing. The Primate of Hungary has given £20,000 towards the completion of the cathedral at Grau, which was commenced in 1821. The search for coal in the Far North has not been attended with very successful results. A substance, however, was found supposed to be coal mixed with sandstone. The greatest enemy the Australian con- tingent had to contend against in Egypt was fever. The Arabs wore friendly compared to it. Mr. A. MacGeorge, a member of the Tariff Revision Association, went to James town on Monday to enlighten the people on that subject, but they did not turn up, and the lecture was postponed. The Victorian Government has received tenders for the construction of a railway from Dimbooia to the South Australian border, the lowest tender being that of Messrs'. C. & E. Miller, at £175,293. "At present suffering from last season's bad guessing on the turf is the delicate way in which a New York correspondent ex- presses the financial condition of General Gram's son-in-law, Sartovis. For trying to kiss Miss Neva Johnston, a man has been sentenced to pay a fine of £10, with costs, and unless his future behavior is good, to pass three months in gaol. Stolen kisses are sweetest ; but sometimes they come high. Another Monaco tragedy is reported, owing to gambling losses. The victim is a young Englishman, who was recently mar- ried, but whose name is concealed. After losing £50,000 at the tables he blew out his brains with a revolver. In India it is a standing joke, in connec- tion with agricultural experiments, that a native will not use an English plough be- cause he cannot reach the bullock's tail to twist it, which is his only method of urging his beast to further exertion. A girl with three arms is one of the attractions of a Yankee side show. This young lady ought to be sought for by every marriageable young man in the neighbor- hood. Sbe could put two arms round a man's neck, while she turned pancakes with the other. The Register says that, in compliance with the request of a deputation of persons interested in the wine and spirit trade, the Collector of Customs has consented to extend the time for using the "Bottled-in- South-Australia" slips on labels for a further period of six months from June 2. A blacksmith named Trengrove has been committed for trial at Geraldine, New Zea- land, for the murder of his wife. He beat her in a most brutal manner, pulling her out of bed by the hair of her head, and throw- ing her out of the door. The medical evidence showed that she was suffering from fever, and that the treatment she was subjected to accelerated her death. There are 66,020 families of Indians in the United States, and they occupy 135,993,101 acres of land on reservations. If they should be allotted land in severalty, at the rate of 160 acies to each family, they would require 10,563,200 acres, which would leave a surplus of 125,434,901, which could be subtracted from the present reservations and opened to settlement. A Sydney paper says :—Some fiend in human form managed to successfully dis- tribute about a score of antibilious pills in the inner recesses of the confectionery served out at an evening party given in Surrey Hills. A well-known footballer, who was the funny man of the shivoo, accidentally sur- rounded three of the deadly missles before the truth had time to dawn upon him. At the initiation of Edward, Prince of Wales, into Freemasonry, it was mentioned by a postmaster that "no less than four of the softer sex have been initiated into the mysteries of Freemasonry. These were the Hon. Mrs. Aldworth, in Lodge 44, about 1735 ; Mrs. Beaton, a native of Norfolk ; a certain landlady of a Devonshire hotel ; and Madame Xaintrailles, of France. It seems to be a fact beyond dispute that the average amount of rain recorded in Lon- don is considerably above what it used to be. The averago for London used to be put down at 24 inches ; it is now just about 25. Whether this is due to greater accuracy of observation, or is really an increase, we can not say. The rainfall for the whole king dom is now reckoned to be over 36 inches. "Jugged (stewed) hare has for some months been prominent on the bill of fare of English restaurants, and those who have freely partaken of it in such resorts do not feel so much regret that hare will soon be out of season when they read that in Ann Little's house at Gateshead were found the skins of 40 cats, and that Ann had sold them as "Scotch hares," and says "they taste very like rabbit." A novel fire insurance case has just been tried before one of the Paris law courts. A lady who had insured her furniture and jewels, sued the company for 1,600 francs, the value of a large pearl, which fell from an article of jewellery into the fire-place, and was destroyed. The court gave judgment against the claim on the ground that such an accident could not be assimilated to the risks of fire intended by the policy of insur ance. Fears are entertained of a Maori rising. A correspondent of the Tarandki Herald writes :—"Every Maori one meets still ad- heres to the story that the land's to be given back in June. About 5,000 Maoris are stated to be coming to Parihaka to assist at the meeting. Those who have been longest in the district eay that they have not seen the natives so sullen for many years, and fear the result of next mouth." An eagle has just died in Vienna which has been kept in confinement 114 years. It probably was a young bird when caught, be that its age must have not been far from 120 years. A record of the eagle's condi- tion was kept from year to year. There are swans on the Thames that are known to be Vinters' Company there has kept a record of certain swans, and the ages of the speci- mens of this long-lived species of water fowl are known to a day. A noted benefactress, Miss Elizabeth Crombie Duthie, the lady who gave to the city of Aberdeen the public park which bears her name, died en March 30, aged 85. The Duthie Park, which was opened by Princess Beatrice in September, 1883, is the finest recreation ground in the North of Scotland, and cost £50,000. Miss Duthie, who was the last lineal representative of her family, has bequeathed the rest of her fortune to the public institutions of Aber deen. There is a new game in Paris. Tired of all old and threadbare amusements an actress inaugurated a "Polymorphous fete." The ballroom was turned into a funeral chamber, and people all came dressed as ghosts, hobgoblins, or phantoms. Coffins were placed about the room, around which these cheerful individuals played hide-and- seek, puss in the corner, and similar games. A supper was afterwards served on a table composed of coffins piled one on the other. There is something awfully cheerful about this kind of sport. A suit of some interest has been begun in Philadelphia. The plaintiff is Miss Mabel L. Hearne, and sha has obtained a writ of capias for the arrest in a civil suit of Mr. J. B. Stockhausen, on the grounds of the in jury, disgrace, and scandal brought upon her by his having forcibly put her off the dancing platform at the ball of a society called the Young Maennerchors, because she had on a low- necked black velvet dress. In her affidavit the plaintiff declares that the dress was cut square-necked back and front ; that it was according to fashion, and was not lower than is seen at fashionable gatherings. An incident probably unexampled in its result, has just happened in the Broteaun quarter of Lyons. A mother and daughter, lodging together, were confined of female infants in the same cradle, and relations and friends shortly visited the two mothers, and, as usual, to examine aud praise the newly born. The passages of the babies from arms to cradle became so frequent, that, when the question of their identity was raised, they had become so mixed up, that it was im- possible to determine which child belonged to the mother and which to the daughter, and the relationship of aunt or niece must therefore remain for ever in suspense. A Sydney journal states :—A peculiar case of poisoning came under the notice of the medical authorities of the Sydney Hos- pital on Saturday. A. married woman, Mary Stanson, 25 years of age, who came from Melbourne on a visit, and was residing with her sister, Mrs. Cousins, Little Pelican street, was taken to the hospital suffering from the effects of poison. It appears that having acted on the advice of some woman, she drank a wineglassful of a strong solu- tion of carbolic acid, in order to relieve a pain in the stomach. Although all the an tidotes for such 6 case have been adminis tered, she remains in a critical condition. A very significant episode occurred at the outset of Sir William Harcourt's speech on the late vote of censure in the English Par- liament. The right hon. gentleman began his elephantine oration by saying—"At a great crisis like this the hon. member who has just sat down says the first thing the House of Commons must do is to get rid of the Prime Minister." The Opposition seized hold of the sentence and cheered, but some thing else happened—the Stranger's Gallery, which was crowded, rose in harmony with the Opposition and cheered. Such an in- cident is wholly unprecedented, but it is not to be regretted, for it probably enabled the Prime Minister to appreciate the reality of the public indignation. The Czar's cook is dead. This may not seem very startling news, but this cook has been for years as well known in Russia as John Brown was in Scotland. This extra ordinary Italian, who, for some time had been cook in the Imperial kitchen of the Czar's illustrious father, rose, under the present Emperor, to be head over all the Imperial servants. Then he became steward of the household, and confidential attendant and adviser of the present Emperor, who, it is said, consulted him on all questions— even on those referring to the weightiest matters of State. His loss to the Emperor will be irreparable, as no one had so much influence over his Majesty, or was bo much in his confidence. His name was Ingano. The following extraordinary story is re lated in an American newspaper under the title of "A golden-jawed bullock." In our own opinion it is a "brass-lipped lie." A and the head was boiled in sections at Beale street wharf. After boiling, the jaws, with the toeth attached, were exposed to view, when the entire row of teeth was found to be thickly-covered with pure gold, and considerable gold was also found in the pot in which the head was boiled. The coating was submitted to a chemical test and was found pure. It is supposed that the animal must have drunk from some stream abounding with the precious metal, which became attached, grain by grain, to the animal's teeth. We are sorry for the imprisoned evan gelists, the Reverends Dowie and Peter Campbell, who, as the world knows, are now in gaol at Melbourne—the former for howling in the street and assaulting bailiffs, and the latter for not "cashing up" to the "missus" in accordance with a court order. There seems to be a lack of sentimentality, somehow, in Melbourne, in regard to the itinerant clergy. In Sydney both these gentlemen were invariably in clover—Peter putting up at the Coffee Palace and making a perfect Malay of himself with the butter —and Dowie had always a well-appointed house with a servant who disguised the fact of her possessing a broken heart with singular success. Now they are "all broke up." Well do we remember the night at Sydney Temperance Hall when the stricken Scotchman promised to build John Alexan der Dowie a £10,000 hall to yell in. It must have become apparent, long ere this, to both Dowie and the irreverent Peter that Sydney is the field for them. Hold on till a man promises us a £10,000 tabernacle. We would never leave him ; and even if we had to follow him to the Arctic glaciers or the volcanoes of the Andes we would not quit his side until we had some satisfaction out of him—even if it only happened to be a cake of tobacco. We expect that'6 about all the satisfaction John Alexander got.— Sydney Bulletin. "My nose," said George Augustus Sala- to a San Francisco interviewer, "has had a great deal of notoriety on account of its shape and rather luminous properties. I think a good deal of it nevertheless, and I ought to, for it brought me $2,600 once, in this way. I had stood a good deal of chaff ing in print about my nose, and at last a chap who wasn't particularly fond of me gave me the benefit of a squib, in which he distinctly said that the complexion of my nose proved me to be a Bacchanalian. Now, it so happens that I am not a Bacchanalian, nor had my nose acquired its distinctive character from the mellow influence of wine or spirits. The fact was that in my riotous and unchristian youth, when at college, I had a fight with a fellow who was quite handy with his fists, and, besides, wore a heavy diamond ring when the controversy began. The result was that between his natural hitting ability and the prominence of his jewellery I got my nose in such a condition that it required half a dozen stitches to restore it to anything like its original beauty. Conscious, therefore, of my integrity, I resolved to take my libeller on the hop, and I did so. I sued him for libel, and having shown him that my nose was not the advertisement of a Bacchana- lian I got judgment against him for $2,500, which assisted me to make a very pleasant tour of the south of Europe the same sum mer. So I rather had the laugh of him, and I cannot but have a good opinion of my nose." A singular occurrence took place early on Monday morning at the house No 2, Mill- man Place, Millman street, Holborn, Lon- don, occupied by Mr. Ashton, a law- writer, and his mother. Mr. Ashton, hearing a noise in the passage, went to discover the cause, and found his black tom cat and two others there. Upon his attempting to drive them out all three of them made a deter- mined attack upon him, flying at him and scratching and biting him on the hands, arms, legs, and neck. The more he tried to beat them off the fiercer did they seem to become. He at last ran out into the street, and was met by Police-Sergeants Crawford and Holland, who found him bleeding very much, and nearly exhausted. After hearing what had occurred they took him in a cab to the Royal Free Hospital, where he was seen by one of the house-surgeons who dressed his wounds, after which he was re- moved home. Ou the police entering the house they found that Mr. Ashton's mother, who was in the back parlor, had also been attacked by the cats, and they also had to take her to the hospital, where her injuries were attended to. Crawford and Holland on their return to the house, finding that the cats were still in possession, set to work to eject them, armed with their truncheons. The cats, however, were determined to stay, and flew at the officers. One of them made a spring at Sergeant Holland's face, but fortunately landed on his helmet, from which position he soon dislodged her. After a time, but not without some difficulty and danger, the offcers succeeded in killing two the cats, and the third made its escape. 