THE MODERN MASS. ( Continued ) But even supposing: that Melchisedech offered bread and wine to God (which we ,know he did not), and not to Abraham, surely the church has no warrant for her most extraordinary and most unmeaning prayer. In what sense con the bread and wine unconsecrated, as brought forth by Melchisedech be called "an holy sacri fice," an "unspotted host or victim ? " If it were offered to God, it was offered as a free-will offering, as before stated, and in the same manner, and with the same intention, as we have already shown, that the primitive Christians offered their oblations, and that bread and wine which were afterwards consecrated for the pur pose of the Eucharist. When the ancient church offered up to God the bread and wine, the fruits of the earth intended for the Eucharist, they had no idea of their being offered up in any other sense than as a free-will offering unto the Lord. St. Paul places this matter beyond all doubt in the 10th chap ter of the Epistle to the Hebrews, when he is contrasting the Jewish sacrifice with the one sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ which they typified. He says, (v. 22) " But he (Jesus) offering one sacrifice for ever sitteth at the right hand of God." v How absurd to say, in opposition to this assertion, that his body and blood are on the altar, and that we are bound to worship them there, " For (v. 14) by one oblation he hath perfected, for ever them that are sanctified ; " and the Holy Ghost also doth testify to us — " And this is the covenant which I will make with them after those days, saith the Lord, I will give my laws to their hearts, and on their minds I will write them, and their sins and iniquities I will remember no more." ' Now," adds the apostle. " where there is a remission of these, there is no more an oblation for sin" And yet they say there is a further oblation for sin, and thus contradict , an inspired apostle — one expressly instructed by the Holy Ghost ! And this conclusion is very plain ; for if all sins and iniquities are not remembered by Ged against those who are sanctified by the Holy Ghost through the one sacrifice, which is a per fect and finished one, as the apostle tells us immediately after — if that one! sacrifice made by Jesus upon the cross, " ex hausted," as the Douay translates, it, (Heb. ix. 28) "the sins of many,"' what further need is there for any other offer ing, when the one is sufficient ? Besides St. Paul tells us plainly, that even upon their own grounds it cannot be an offering for the remission of sin, which the church makes of the Saviour in an unbloody man - ner ; for he tells us as plainly as words can express it, " that without shedding of blood there is no remission." By the phrase "shedding of blood" is implied the slaying of the victim. Even the term " consecration," which is used in the Mass to express the change which takes place in the elements, shows what the viewof the Primitive Church was. " Consecrate " means to dedicate to sacred purposes, and this is what the ancient church did. Why not call it the prayer of " Transubstantiation ? " Such would certainly be a more appropriate title, and suit much better with the new doctrines. Thus, we see, into what absurdities, into what antiBcriptural tenets, the church fell when she orice left the pure light'of scrip ture, and by wicked inventions sought to raise- herself in the estimation of '.lier ; ignorant followers. Another practice the priests have 'at' , ' ; the Mass, which, upon their own grounds, is more tban absurd, is signing with the sign of the cross the consecrated elements. This, upon the principles of tho papal V church, that they have become the body , and blood, with the soul and divinity of bur blessed Lord, is an exhibition of pre sumptuous ignorance and inconsistency, utterly unaccountable, unless uponthesup- position that the church-practiced 't imbre she taught that the elements had become the body and blood of our Lord. Could any thing the priests do make Jestis more holy, more pure? Whilst he walked upon earth,- could his apostles have made , him so? And still the Papal church pretends she has sueh power. One of the pretended reasons for making the sign of the cross is, to keep off the powers of darkness, and hero they protend to fright; away the evil spirits from that which they are taught to believe is, the body and blood of our Lord. Again they pray that these oblations, which have become, according to tlie church, the body and blood of our Lord, may be carried by the bands of a blessed angel to God's high altar. What authority is there to sanction any such petition ? They acknowledge that Jesus is now at the right hand of God,, having made his sacrifice for the sins of the whole world, which sacrifice God has accepted. He is now at the right hand of God making intercession for his faithful people ; still, although they admit all this to be true, they, in addition, invent a new doctrine. They teach that the ch u rch has power to form a similar body to that now at God's right hand, and to employ an angel to carry it to heayen, and, upon an altar , of genuine Roman antiscriptural construc tion, to offer him afresh, as if his first sacrifice were insufficient, and his present intercession unavailing. , Surely it was Jesus offered himself. No created being, angel or man, could make or carry, such an offeriug or sacrifice. But at the conclusion of that prayer we find traces of the ancient pure doc trine ; for they supplicate that as many as partake of the body and blood, (and here the priest makes the sign of the cross over the host and the chalice, plainly implying that one is, as they teach — and represents, as we believe — the body, and the chalice the blood) should be filled with all heavenly benediction and grace. Surely that part of the prayer was composed when both were given to the people; and the inference follows, that they were not to be filled with these spiritual blessings unless they partook of both the bread and the wine. The first and fundamental error of tran- substantiation drew after it several others. Do not imagine that this doctrine was not opposed when it was first introduced. We find many evidences that it was, most fiercely and vehemently; we have thus irresistible proofs to show that such a doctrine was not received or submitted to quietly in. the early ages of the church. Ignorance Smartly Snub bed.— A motion on the ministry of women by Dr. Corlette, of Ashfield, has occasioned a considerable amount of feeling in the Anglican Synod. The Grand Chaplain of the Orange Institution expressed his views in a calm and deliberated manner, and was indisposed to support the motion. The new incumbent of St. James' waxed wrath at the views set forth, and became extremely ex cited at any difficulty in respect to the want of money required to carry on the proposed undertaking. But the climax was reached when a Mr. John Kent attempted to enlighten the Synod, and through it the members of the Church of England. He considered that it was right and proper to accept any method which Romanism had adopted, provided the interests of his Church might bo advanced. He regarded with supreme contempt the con- flilftt. of Ornncrrtiiifm who opomoH fo ionnrn any and every thing which savoured of Popery. In his ignorance he. imagined that the ministry of . women, as ; Sisterhoods, re sembled the Sisters of Mercy. The Bishop calmly exposed the glaring ignorance of the self-opinionated lay representative. Sister hoods, the bishop affirmed, never existed amongst Romanists. On that ground, then, Orangemen if tliere were any such, oppos ing the suggested ministry of women did not take this stand against it as a Popish system, but rather a subtle innovation gradually insinuating itself into the English Church. Ignorance might' pass for . knowledge at Y.M.C.A. meeting, where the teachers and tlie taught are equally well or ill informed, but it is otherwise where Dr. Barry is President. General Gordon. — A person from Khartoum, recently arrived at Dongola, who maintained that no remains of General Gordon were found at Khartoum after the massacre on the 26th January. His impres sion was that the hero had escaped and gone towards the Congo. " Stella," in the Herald of Monday, remarks : "One would also wish that borne method could be found of ascer taining what tiuth there may be in the ru mours now prevalent to the effect that Gordon escaped from Khartoum and has been Rcen somewhere further south." Traffic in Episcopal Livings. — An amusing nrticle has lately appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette. It seems in the sale of Church livings, the different schools of thought, which a well-known banker in the Synod is always anxious to 'see represented, have their several peculiar propensities. The High Churchman looks for a good and well- arrayed chancel, the Broad. Churchman ex pects fishing and other rural , sports, while the Low Churchman inclines specially to gravelly soil : — With a lofty arcade for the High Church, And a gravelly soil for the Low, And hunting and, fishing for Broad Church, The traffic is all the go. But one thing they all want, whatever be the school of thought, and that is good so ciety, which in many instances can be ob tained, and in all cases the clerical traf fickers strive invariably to bring under, the notice of their clients. Perhaps the queerest affair about, the whole business is, how, in the world, on the sale of, a living, immediate possession is obtained, while the incumbent is still alive? The law does not allow of a living being sold when vacant. But if im mediate possession means that one party steps out for the other to step in, the wonder is how all these movements or changes can go on without the Church authorities making their influence felt in some way against such transactions. It may bo that theso are man aged, as the agents express themselves, on the privato and confidential method, .which for tho out-going and in:coming persons, would' bo the best, and least of all open to public criticism. Tory Rule and. Clieap Drink — The spirit dealers iii London, on the resig nation of the late Government, have in numerous instances posted in front of their drinking- sliops, and on the most conspicuous places very interesting and attractive plac ards. A most general one was—" Death to thebudget ; to the public tho samo old prices. Owing to the defeat of the Government wis are enabled to sell beer at the former prices." The Sabbath Law in Austria — In consequence of the passing of the Sab bath Rest Law in Austria, a notice has ap peared in all the Vienese newspapers on Sat urday, stating that for the future there will be no morning edition on Monday. An issue will bo published in the afternoon at two o'clock, which will supersede tho ordinary evening edition. The Czar and the Pope.— A new attempt has been made to bring about a modus vivendi between St. Potorsburgh and the Vatican. Recently a communication was received at Rome, siating that tho Russian Government was willing to resume diplo matic relations with the Holy See, providi- ding the Pope used his influence with the Polish bishops to induce thorn to relinquish their nationalist views. If Infallibility agree to such a proposal, how can it bo reconciled with the acceptance of nationalist views in Ireland in favour of education, ub advocated by the Parnellite faction ? Can Infallibility blow hot and cold at the same time? It is well known that tho Irish Popish hierarchy agreed to assist the nationalists in support of Home Rule, provided that they demanded denominational education for Romanists and secured assistance from the British treasury. In all likelihood such an agreement was the chief object of discussion at tho recent meet ing of tho Propaganda with tho Polish bishops at Rome. If so, it will be a singular circumstance should Parnellite nationalists be encouraged and the Polish bishops recoive tho cold shoulder 1 Consecration of tlie new Bisliop of Brisbane.— A special correspondent of tho Herald reports in the following stylo : — " Tho ' Voni, Creator ' hav ing been sung over Dr. Wobber, the bishops surrounding him placed their hands upon his head, and in virtue of the apostolical succession, the priority of which is the boast of the English Church, endowed Mm loith the sacred fire, which for 1800 years has been its holy patrimony through all its varying phases and vicissitudes. Whatever lntitudinarianism there may be in one's conceptions on such profound theological mysteries, it is impossible to regard without a feeling of the deepest respect, akin almost to awe, the spectacle of a band of men conferring on one of their fellows the most sacred responsibilities, and imparting to him in no hesitating form, but in the fjmuuvoi»,,uuu liiuou Jiupuotug WU1UO tU. UO found in the Prayer Book, the gift by which they profesB to bo, and by which, if tho lives of: many of them are effectual testimony they are,; so thoroughly animated.'1 Such is a view.- of, apostolical -succession with a ven geance. As the specious opinions of Canon Liddou have been so ably met and'ably refuted by Dr. Hatch, it is evident that the corres pondent-has not yet met with that clever and orudite refutation. Apostolical succession is a mere fiction, and lias no Scriptural support. Thefounderof Christianity did indeed breathe upoii the Apostles, and said Receive . ye the Holy Ghost"; but it is nowhere;, recorded that the Apostles in their turn performed a like duty upon their successors. During the darkness of mediaeval times the fiction gained credence, and it was eagerly, seized upon: by clergy to acquire greater authority over the people. It is now urged for the same purpose by certain High Church clergymen and their zealous and active friends, the Ritualistic writers in the preBS ; and in all likoliliood one of thiB stamp was the special correspondent of the lending morning journal. Princess Beatrice's Wed- , ding Cake — Quito recently tho Princess Beatrice, youngest daughter of Her Majesty the Queen, wus married to Prince Henry of Battenbcrg. The ceremony took place in the Whippingham Church, near Osborne House, the residence of the Queen in the Isle of Wight. A number of Kentish ladies presented a wedding cake to the Princess, and it was prepared by the Messrs. Buzzard of Oxford- street, London. It represented three cakes, one above the other, and on the plateau upon which it rested and surrounding the lower cake was a wreath of white lillies, interspersed with ivy, emblematic of purity, sweetness and friendship. Surrounding, . the lowest cake were large skeleton shields, bearing on en closed shields the coat of arms of the Princess Beatrice and Prince Henry , of. Battenberg, interspersed with, jessamine, and: around the second and. third cakes were. passion flowers. Surrounding the second cake passion flowers, , ivy, and roses. -On the. top oake were-cupidB and a large vase containing an immense bouquet composed of a variety of emblematic flowers. The cake weighed about four hun- :dred weight, and the floral decorations wore all modelled entirely of sugar. It was placed on a massive gold stand, which was specially made and designed for the occasion. 