V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) (FROM OUR ow1 CORRIESPONDE\T.) MBELOURNIE, Tuesday Evening. CUP DAY. The Cup day meeting of the V.R.C. was a grand success ; the weather was most bril liant, and the attendance enormons, and was estimated to be the greatest that hans ever assembled at Flemington. His Excellency the Governor and T.ady Lsch, accompanied by Sir W. Robinson and Sir F. Napier Broomne, the Governors of South and Western Aus tralia, were present. The racing was first class, and for the Cup tihe large lield of 3I horses started. Nordenfeldt wav made a warm favourite, hut was not placed, the winner turning up in Sheet Anchor, who swo by a neck froim Graee Darling, Trenton being third. Had Grace Darling not been blocked wrhen making her run, she wonld have won. The favourite finished fourth. All the arrangements were carried out satis factorily, and no hitch occurred to mar the enjoyment of the day. sLtoltvA Y ST.eKrS. Of 3 sors. each, with 100. added. Weight for age. One mile and a quarter. Mr If. Locke's b e Isonomy, 7st l2lbhs (Qiuinn) ... ... ... ... ... 1 Mr M1. O'Shanuasy's br c First Prince, 7st 12lbs (Moore) ... ... ... ... 2 Mr A. Davis' b g Baron Necker, 7st Dibs (Flannagan) .......... 3 Parwan and Perchance also started. Betting : 5 to 2 Isonomy, 4 to I the others. The flag fell to a very bad start, PLarwon getting the worst of it, while First Prince was first off. At the bridge Isonomy took the lead, and at the back, followed by Baron Necker, had cleared out from the field; at the abbatoirs the Baron was within half a length of Isonomy, the others closing up, with Par wan still last. There was no alteration at the scraping sheds, and Isonomy led into the straight, closely followed by Baron Necker, First Prince, Parwan, andl Perchance. In the race home Isonomy easily held his own, and won by a length and a half from First Prince, who came very fast. Baron Necker was third, about half a head beiind First Prince. Time, 2min. 141sees. . KENSLxGTON STAaiS. Of 10 sors. each, with 230 sovs. added. For two-year- olds: The winner to be sold for £300. Five furlongs. Mr L. Watson's ch f aMadldelina, Sot, (Weasel) ... ... .. ... Mr WV. D. Robertson's f The Nun, Sit 2 Mr J. H. Hill's b c Telephone, 8st 51bs h 3 Mainsail, Brigantine, and Aslramontoe also started. Betting: 6 to d1 on Maddelina, 3 to I Brigantine, 10 to 1 the others. Brigantine and Telephone were first away, The Nud in"cloeis phrsuit of tihe favourite crossed the tani first, tliellatter then rushed to the front and holding her own won easily by three lengths from The Non, Telephone a good thirdl. Time,' Imin. 3.secs. The winner was bought by ir W. A. Long for £620. 'Of 10'so?ns each, with,=20 add~led; second hlorse to receive 50 sovs.` dot of the stake. About three miles. ir.A. Crozier's br tn Ruby, aed, Ost I l s(D. O'Brien)} ? ':1.., 1 .. "I Mr J. Mayo's li b Ravenswroth, -lyr, lo0st 4lbs (Batty) :.. ' . 2 Hon 1V Pearsbn's bm' Gaslier, 6yrs. 10st SGilm (Gardiner).. . ... i.. 3 ,Betting: 2 to, GIasalier and Brigand, 6 to 1 Agitationsd' BRavscnstorth, 7 to 1 Duratio, 10 to I Ruby.'l ... The othel starters were Diration, Royal Maid,' Insolent,. 'd?istake, . Agitation. Student and Brig?nd:'. Gasalier led off but Mistake took up the running at the tourn, and at the bridge had a long lead of Brigand, who was followed by Royal Maid, Ravensaworth and Ralty, with Agitation last. At the bridge, Brigand ran close up to Mistake and these two led the field by two lengths into the straight; the former hadil a slight lead. P'ssing the stand, Brigand followed closely, then came Royal Maid, Ravcensworth, and Gasalier with Agitation still -last.'At tll bridge Gasalier run up thirdl, with Royal Maid fourth. Near the abbatoirs adog joined in the chase and threw :Iisolieiit. Ruby, nowm: weht thronugh her liooses, and was first into the 'straight, with a strong lead of Itavensworth and Gasalier. This order ~iasmnaintained past the winning post, about three lengths separating timhe South Australian. from darvensworth, Gasa liBr ras thirid four eingths behind, then came Agitation, Brigand, Student, Mistake and Royal Maid. Time, 5min. 33sees. MELBOURNE CUP. A handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each, 10.ft., or 5 sosa only if declared, with -1,000 added.- The handicap weight of the winner of the A.J.C. or V.R.C. Derby to be not less tman 7st 51b, and the winner of any hIandicap- ra-:is of: the vahi of 100 :?ssovs, after the declaration of the weights, to carry 31b) extra ; of any such raceof the value of 200 sorvs, alb extra ; of any snich rard;. f the value of 500 sovs., Tib extra ; penalties not uenmulative. The second 'horse to reecive 300 sovs, and the third 200 sors: out of the stake: (165 subs.) Two miles. Mr II. Loughlin's brSheet Anchor, aged, 7st llb (O'Brien) . 1 Mr J G. Reid's' ch m Grace Darling, 6 yrs, Tat 121b (including 71b penalty), S(Willinams) .2 Mr D. O'Brien's b Trenton, 4 yra, 7st 13lb (Robertson) .. ... ... ... 3 SBetting: 5 to 1 Nordenfeldt. 6 to I Tren ton and-Despot, 10 to 1 Liverpool, 15 to 1 Sheet Anchor, Brown and Rose, and Grace Darling, 20 to I Acolyte, Kit Nubbles, Cerise and Blue, and Lord Exeter, 25 to I Lord :Wilton, Stornaway, Prometheus, Coriolancs, Tom Brown, Bosworth, War wick, and Britisher, 33 to 1 Lesbia and Velocipede, 30 to I St. Lawrence. The other starters were Blink Bonny (BIlair), Acolyta (Sadders), Lord Wilton (lvemiy), Tomi llroiwn (sainsford), Kit Nubbles (Colley), Coriolanus (SIoorc), Bos wrorth (Riley), Warwick (C:onghl), St. Law reCnce (Smith). Plausible (l'Powir), Liverpool (Derritt), t'rometlheus (TCruan), Dunlop (Ilume), rliumnderholt (lHuo.xtahle), Stornaway (Mlusgrave), Velocipede (Borton), Htillto-p (larike). St. Join (Flaunmagan), Despot (1'.auliufe), Lorl Exeter (Williams), iNor denlfeldlt (Ellis). Blritislher (Falloe), Chuok ster (G. Williams), Arseoal (Brows), Metal (ledfearn), Minerva (Curran), Cyilops (Johoston), Yel low Hammit er (uny), Cerise anl Bsles (Dorritt), antl Leshlia ()I'Dowall). The position of the horses at the post was. Brown and Ilose on the inside, next to her being Kit sNubbIIles, Hlilltop, l'lansible, Thllndlerbolt, W'arwick, TomBllrown, Norden feldt, Pl'rometheus, with Liverpool on the ex treneoetside. Tlheijloroes were dispiatched by - r \'atson esxactly five minntes after tile appointed time. Trenton wias away first oni the inside, followed by Liverpool aod Lord Exeter, 'Prometlheus on tile right, andl Thunderlholt in tihe middle. After a hundred yards hadl been traverseld l'lausile ran into a good position on tlhe left, anid lBritisher camele up on thIe outside ; Coriolanus at this time was last but one, being in front of Yel low Hammier, who thus early in the rice was being left far behindl. Thlundelrbolt miovedl into first position passiig the granld stanld, with Promietlheus in close atteidance, fol loswed by First Chester, Nordenfeldt, oand Dunlop. Rondiing tihe turn Thenderbolt was foIur letigths alucanl of First Chester, who led l'rometlhens iy a length, witlh Norden feldt, Treinton, Broivin and Rose, Hilltop, anld OGrace Darling following in a cluster. At tie bridge First Chlester took the lead from Thunderbolt, and along the back stretch Thunderbolt again went to the front, and was joinedi by Liverpool, with Sheet Anclor pulling donlie alongside. At the abhlatoirs Sheet Anchor slhot to thle front, and lHilltop alshowed prominenitly next: Liverpool, who at this timne was in the leading divisioi, dlied away before reaching the sheds. Rlounmding the homle turn the St. Albans horse kept his position, aniil wasn first into the straighlt writih a good lead of First Chester, who was folloeedl by Velocipedc, BIritiohcr, St. Joho, Lehbi,, Nordcnfeldt, alnd Blink Bonny. Once in the straight, Grace Darling began to more up thronglh hlier horses, aind Trentonm set off to catch Sheet Ancllor. Near the lawi, ira-e Darling iinade a forward move, ibut seenmed to be blocked; wchen she got cl;ar, lhowever, she quickly passed Trenton, and making a brilliant rnu was rapidly overhaul ing Sheet AuEchor. Owing to the block, how ever, her cffort was not crowned with snc cems, as she was bleaten by a nieck by Longh lin'a hlora amidst greatexitemnent ; had the race been live yards longer tihe nmare wouhl have won. Trcutont was third, a length be hind the Canluield winner. NordenfeIldt was fourth close up, then caule Lesbia, St. John, Acolyte, Velocipelde, Dinlop, and others finished close together, with the exception of Yellow Hamimier and Tiinderbolt, who caiio in last., Tie, 3min. 2?Jaces. N URS L Y IIANDICAP. Of 5 sors. each with 200 added; second hlorse to receive 50, and the third 2.5 ovs. out of the stake. For two-year-olds. Fire furlongs. Hon. W. A. Long's b c Yellow Jacket, 7st 41bs (Williamson) ... ... ... 1 Mr B. Gray's br c Retort, 6st 12lbs (Johnston)... ... 2 MIr AM. Bryant's ch f Clelia, 6s 71bs (Tom lin) ... ... .. ... ... ... 3 Louise Bertha, Munowyrtina, Trojan, Utopia, Lord Chancellor, Damocles, Cross fire, Dividend, St. Paul, Devotion, Tama risk, Mlicawber, Fernandez, Essie, Minstrel, Trishna, Anonymo and Dufferin also started. Betting : 2 to 1 Yellow Jacket, 4 to 1 Damocles, 6 to I Tamarisk, 8 and 10 to I the others. Tamarisk was first away, but at the tan was crossed first by Utopia followed by Damocles and ossic. At the carriage padl dock Yellow Jacket shot onut and taking the lead won easily by two lengths, Retort beating Clelia for second place by a neck, Tamarisk fourth, Louise Bertha fifth, with Minstrel last. Time, Imin. 2seces. TIlE YAN YIANS ?TAKF.S. Of 3 sors. each, with 100 novs. added. One mile. Mr J. Whittingham's oh c Merrimn, 7st 10lbs (Trahan) ... ... . ..I MIr D. S. Wallace's bhi Is Chuckster, Sst 12lbs (O'Brien) ... ... ...... 2 Mr WV. A. Filgate's br e Lavington, 7st 41s (Weasel) ... ... 3 lNineteen others started including Mr 'carson's Kingship, and MIr G. Davis's Meels:haum. Betting: 3 to 1 The Ghost and Merrimu, 6 to 1 Mentmore and Stafford, 10 to I the others. Lavington made most of the running and was first into the straight, he swas then challenged by Chuckster and Merrimu, when a grand struggle ensued, resulting in Whittingham's horse winning by a neck, from Chuckster, who beat Lavington by a head for second place. Time, Inin. 421secs. 