FREMANTLE GRAMMAR SCHOOL. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new building for the Grammar School at Fremantle was performed by His Excellency the Administrator in the presence of a very large and respectable con- course of people on Wednesday afternoon last. His Excellency, accompanied by Mrs. Onslow and the Private Secretary, drove drawn from Perth, arriving at Fremantle at about 4 o'clock, when they were met at the fountain, High street, by the Bishop of Perth, the Governors of the Grammar School, the Mayor and Councillors of the town, Clergy of the various Protestant denominations, Colonel Angelo, the members, in regalia, of several Temperance Societies, the Magistrates, Government officials, and a number of private citizens, including several visitors from Perth. A start was immediately made, in procession, for the site of the new school, at the extreme end of High street, where a profusion of bunt- ing was displayed. Conspicuous amongst the flags was the Union Jack, which floated over the stone, and a splendid banner held by the boys, bearing the inscription, " Floreat Scholar. " This banner was of crimson cloth, with trimmings and inscrip- tion in gold-coloured silk, and was the work of Mesdames McCoy and Durlacher. On arrival at the foundations His Excellency and suite were received by a guard of honour of the local Volunteer corps, under Capt. Humble. The boys of the school, under their head master, Mr. H. Briggs, numbering about fifty, were drawn up in line on either side of the stone, and in their uniform hats, with happy smiling faces, formed a pleasant feature of the occasion, and, doubtless, felt themselves an important one. After a brief inspection of the Volunteers, who evidently pleased His Excellency by their appearance, and drew forth some complimentary remarks, the proceedings commenced with the singing of some verses of the 100th psalm. The Bishop then said suitable prayers, including one specially suited to the occasion. The Rev. D. G. Watkins, Chairman of the Governors of the School, next read the following " record, " which had been engrossed on parchment "To the glory of God. The foundation stone of this school, for teaching the faith and duty of a Christian, and such other sound learning as may conduce to honest and godly living, was laid by His Excellency Alexander Campbell Onslow on the 25th day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty five, in the presence of many witnesses. Signed Henry Briggs, head master, D. G. Watkins, W. D. Moore, D. K. Congdon, W. S. Pearse, R. M. Sutherland, J. M. Ferguson, and Geo. Edwards, Governors." This record, together with copies of the West Australians Inquirer, and Morning Herald, published that day, and the usual coins, were then sealed up in a bottle, and placed under the stone, which, after a trifling delay, was lowered into position. His Excellency, taking the trowel, spread some mortar, and, tapping the stone, said " I lay this stone is the faith of Jesus Christ, and in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." After which the B benediction was pronounced by His Lordship the Bishop. The stone being "well and truly laid," His EXCELLENCE addressing the assemblage remarked that his. visits to Fee mantle had mostly been in connection with the Grammar School, and he was most pleased indeed to be in any way identified with it. He was glad to see that the people of Fremantle were supporting this school, and it was very important that they should do so. The future greatness of the colony depended so much on the genera- tion now growing up that it behoved all to take the greatest interest and care in the education of that generation. He sincerely congratulated the managers and supporters of the school on the healthy and beautiful site they had secured ; ', they were fortunate in that. The view from the spot was certainly most magnificent. He thought the school ought to succeed, and hoped it would they had the elements of success with them. He would not allow the occasion to pass without a word of compliment to Mr. Briggs. He had seen much of him, and had many times been struck by the praiseworthy energy and ability he had displayed in the management of the school, and, altogether, he was satisfied that its success was assured. Addressing the boys particularly he hoped they would be happy, and, in order to be so, it was necessary that they should be obedient to all in authority over them, be wise and be honest, and should seek their amusement in healthy ways. In the present meeting almost all classes were represented. There were lawyers, to mention his own profession first, clergymen, doctors, military men, and others, and so in time they, the boys, would fill different positions, but each was alike in one re- spect the same fundamental principles applied, the path of duty was the same. At this crisis in England's affairs she " expects every man to do his duty," and so it was expected of every boy there. It was very probable that England might look to their colonies in the future to supply armed forces to assist her. Some of the boys present would perhaps, as men, be called upon to help Old England. Speak- ing of military matters he would say he was much struck with the fine appearance of the Volunteers present, and he was glad to know that they were as ready as their patriotic brethren in the eastern colonies to go to the assistance of the mother country.. He would impress upon the boys to be honest; and be good Englishmen, and to remember always that, whether West Australians or South Australians, Victorians or West Indians, they were all subjects of the Queen. As boys, let them do their lessons well, and so conduct themselves that they should always reflect credit on the school that taught them, the foundation stone of a new building for which had been laid that day. (Cheers.) His LORDSHIP the BISHOP OF PERTH said the establishment of this Grammar School was a matter for congratulation in two ways. He thought it might be said to be only the second school of the kind in the colony-that is a school for the higher class of education, and it was the outcome of private enterprise. The local Government look out for and supply in their schools what may be called elementary education, and it was perhaps best that they should do so. Of late years it had become recognised as part of the functions of the State. In former years, almost all the educational work was done by the clergy. Now that we have Government schools for the most elementary teaching the clergy give their attention to the more advanced requirements of secondary education, - and private enterprise does the same, as in the present case. He trusted the boys would remember and act on the advice of His Excellency, and obey the discipline of the school. Boys do not come to school merely to be brilliant and clever one great object of education was to form character, and he hoped that many high characters would come out of this school, and that a high moral tone would distinguish it. In conclusion he offered his best congratulations to the Governor of the school and to the people of Fremantle. Mr. D. K. Congdon, treasurer to the school, was called upon for s financial statement, and gave a resume of the growth and development of the school. At starting it was necessary to borrow some money, which had since been repaid, while the attendance which was originally 26 was now 57. He was sure none would deny that it was doing good work. An Act was passed in the last session of Parliament giving the Governors a legal status, and vesting in them the magnificent site, containing 25 acres, now occupied, with permission to borrow money by way of mortgage thereon if necessary. The school was managed without any expense other than the salaries of the masters, while the responsibility of carrying on the work had been voluntarily assumed by seven gentlemen resident in Fremantle. Mr. Congdon mentioned these facts as being of interest to the public, and he hoped to rouse sufficient interest in the present large assemblage to induce them all to make a handsome donation on the present occasion. The financial statement showed briefly that the present contract was for a portion only of the projected school premises, and amounted to £1407, but it was expected to cost £1650 altogether, with extras and furnishing. A sum of J¿420 had already been promised, and £205 of this had been paid ; a further sum of £1230 had yet to be raised independently of that promised but not yet paid. The Rev. D. G. WATKINS, in a few well chosen words, presented His Excellency with the very handsome silver trowel used on the occasion, which was suitably inscribed. ! ' His EXCELLENCY, in accepting the gift, assured the donors that he would preserve it as a very interesting memento of the occasion. He then, the ceremony being concluded, called on the boys for three cheers for their school, " Floreat Scholar Fremantliensis," which were enthusiastically given. More cheers were given for His Excellency, the Head Master, and the Bishop. The boys deputed one of their number to beg that His Excellency would kindly ask a holiday for them in honor of the occasion, which he did in very happy terms, address- ing Mr. Briggs. The request was cordially acceded to. The assembly then dispersed, the band playing, the National Anthem. 