eUBLIHbED DAILY FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 11885. Tim latest advices with reference to the Russian difliculty are by no means ro assuring, and a collision between the Afghan and Russian forces seoms imml nont. Notwithstanding JEngland's nlti. matuin, the Russian forces are marching direct on Herat, the very key to India, and Sir Peter Lumnsden has been in. structed to take steps for-its defence and also for .holdin? - Robat Pass in the Kaiti" mountains. Dire as the general calamity which a war between those two great Powers would be, it does not seem to us-providing England's friendly rela tions with;Germany are maintained-very difficult to predict the result. People are too apt to be overawed by the enor mous population of Russia and herim meosae standing army; indeed, Colonel Valontino Baker (better known in recent years as Baker Pasha) states his belief that Russia could raise an army of twenty million men, of whom one million could be used as cavalry. But what would be the effect of this? In the first place the export of. grain from Russia and the tillage of the soil would have to be abandoned, for the labourer would need to lay aside the sickle for the sabre, and the ploughshare for the musket, and the internal resources of the Mue covite Empire would -be strained to their utmost extent. Again, we know that it is only brutal military despotism which preserves order in Russia in the time of peace, and it is by no means unlikely that if the Czar were engaged in a conflict with another power his discon tented subjects would "grasp the skirts of happy chance," and he would have to ideal with chaotic riot in his own dominions. Entirely dependent upon her own soldiers and her own resources, the odds are considerably against Russia being able to obtain possession of a naturally fortified country like India, though the cost to the English Govern ment of retaining it may be something very considerable. It is quite true that, inspired with respect, almost reverence, for her enormous power, some of the _Afghans may throw their lot in with Russia, but it is manifestly to the in terests of the loyal section of the people to give their aid to England. But even if a series of successes at tended the operations of foreign troops in Afghanistan, let us look for a moment at the almost insurmountable difliculties which an aggressive force would have to contend against along the Indian frontier. The Passes by which the country is entered are to all intents and purposes natural fortifications, and along the borders of the empire are a race of people celled the Kelsees, warlike, active, and possessing a thorough knowledge , of the country. These men have frequently offered their services to the English Government, and it is estimated that fully half a million of them would be available for active service in the event of the war. The Passes then-Khyber especially-being almost invulnerable are at any rate of such a nature that a very small force could hold possession of-them against a very large one. With the friendly Afghansl at their rear, and the trained forces and native troops at their front, it seems absurd to imagine for a moment that the war could have any other than one termination-victory for British arms-though it is possible that the struggle might he a costly and pro. trected one. The story of the conquest of India is a ,faacinating one, tolling us how the Eng lish, who were at first tenants at will and permitted to make their laws amongst themselves, subject to the approval of the native, ruler, to whom they looked for protection, completely reversed the order of things, and placed the native popula tion in the position which they had previously occupied themselves. The ..riters.who..'narrate the tale lay great stress upon the peculiar combinae tion of qualities which are found in the character of the natives, who are .described as being trusting, faithful, and impressionable, possessing a passionate -appreciation of great qualities, a fearless. ness of death, and deep devotion to their leaders. It is to these dusky children of the soil that England will naturally look for aid, and it is not likely that she will appeal in vain. - The concessions, made by the Marquis of Ripon during his term of office, though they were hold to be somewhat dangerous at the time, had the effect of rendering the native popu lation more happy and contented, and they are likely to boar fruit at a season able time. The huge arsenal at RawaL pindee would not lack a hugo auxiliary force to defend it, nor would the Russians find the passage across the Indus (which can only be accomplished by means of a bridge of boats); an easy or a bloodless undertaking. There is one more important factor in connection with the present complication -the financial position of Russia. Her Government is a costly one, her eipondi. ture in the time of peace something enormous, and sihe can only obtain money by paying an exceedingly high rate of interesat; this money, be it remembered, being borrowed from the British capitalist. The earnings of her people are infinitesimally small. and her accunmu lated wealth is but 4343 millions, whilst that of England alone is 8720 millions, to which must be added that of Canada and Australia, which is estimated at 1140 millions. In small wara with untrained troops and people with no capital at their command, Ruasia'smilltary power at once ensures crushing victories, but when called upon to cope with a nation which has the power of with holding the sinews of war, the vaunted Russian bear is by no means such a formidable opponent as some people imagine him to be. Briefly stated, the position of Russiais simply this: she has an enormous population, whose gross earnings are 760 millions per annum, or 9a per ilhabitant, consequaently she can expect to receive very little from additional taxation ; she has a powerful army, whose operations, however, would bo impeded at every turn by the character of the country in which the apprehended war would be carried on; her navy would find the outlets to the Black Sea and the Baltic blocked, so Iher slhips at best could but harass the British trader, and her means of obtaining money would to a great extent be out off. The struggle may be lengthened by her intrigues with the natives of Afghanistan, who would perhaps be tempted by the prospect of obtaining plunder from India, but as we have said previously the war, provided it is confined to a contestbotween the two Powers, could have but one termination. England's groeat security seems to us to be found in the maiutenance of friendly relations with Germany-a union of the finest army and the most powerful navy in the world, and whilst that is preserved there is little need to fear any lose of British dominions in the east. Tue liberty of tlhe subject has always been a matter of vital importance not only to every true born Englishman, but to all living in colonies under British rule. It has been our pride that we possess officers and ministers of justice impartial and unprejudicial. A man arrested fornc matter what offence must be brought before a magistrate, the nature of the offenco repeated, and sutlicient and reasonable cause shown for his detention prior to more thorough investigation. In this, as in other colonies under the English Crown, good and reasonable cause must be shown before a man is kept even for a day in durance vile. It is, therefore, a matter for regret that we have to record instances where by either culpable neglect or incapacity wrong has been inflicted on defendants who, upon Insufficient evidence on the part of the Crown, have been detained in prison without reasonable cause. In our own Police Court, within the last twelve. months, instances have occurred where persons have been committed to gaol for offences that the Crown has been unable to u(hold, the consequence being that no bill has been entered, and the defendants have been released from gaol without being brought to trial. The duties of the chief law officers of the Crown are onerous, and the Attorney. General in particular has power vested in him which requires the exercise of promptitude, or the ends of justice, instead of being carried out solely for the suppression of crime and the protec tion of society, may be made, though undesignedly, the instruments of oppros. sion and injustice. Recently, scarcely a sit. ting of the criminal sessions hold at Laun ceston but has brought under our notice cases in exemplification of our remarks. It would seem to be the custom of our present Attorney-General to go through depositions only about a week before the sessions, and thus persons committed for trial are kept in ignorance as to whether It will be necessary for them to engage counsel, and in many instances the case for the defence has from this cause boon too hurriedly and imperfectly put together to be of much service. It used, we know, to be the prao tice of Attorney-Generals in past years to promptly read the Police Court de positions, and in the case of one gentle. man, who honourably and creditably filled that position for some years, it was no unusual circunistance for a bill to be filed or a prisoner released within a couple of days after the receipt of the depositions. Such promptitude Is com mendable, but what must be said of the reverse Take, for example, the case of the girl Bennett, who was charged with filling in and uttering acheque for a small amount. Upon very slight evidence she was committed for trial and remained In prison from November 21st until the Criminal Sessions held on the 24th of last month. It was fully expected that the Attorney General would refuse to file a bill, and it was only within a few days of the Criminal Sittings that it was so filed. The unfortunato girl had no time to secure counsel, and undefended appeared before her accusers. She had no witnesses, and her only defence was that "her master gave her the cheque " she was accused of stealing. The jury, after being locked up for some hours, were unable to agree and were dis missed. The girl was remanded to next sessions, when possibly, a few days before the opening day, no bill may be filed, and after six months' imprisonment, for an offence of which no jury has convicted her, she will be set at liberty. Another recent instance is that of the man John Langton, who was charged with having on the 29th December, 1884, seot fire to a house at Lisle. Upon very weak evidence the defendant was committed for trial, and no bail allowed, the consequence being that Langton was detained in gaol until February 18th, six days before the Special Criminal Sessions, when he was discharged, no bill being filed against him. According to the Criminal Lawr Pro. cerdure Act, 45 Victoria, No. 14, section 4, "every person committed to take his trial upon any charge of treason, felony, or misdemeanour shall be entitled, upon application by himself or by his attorney or counsel to the Attorney-General, four clear days at least before the day of trial, to have furnished to him or to his attorneyor counsel, and for payment, a copy of ths informatioel proposed to be filed against him." We ask how this claube can be carried out when the bill itself is filed so few days before the sessions ? The interests of justice, the interestl of humanity, demand a change, and all those who have the welfare and interests of public justice at heart will concur as to the desirableness of the law being carried out with that spirit of merciful consideras tion and evenhandedness compatible with the protection of life and property. Gun CAULE News.--Strang to O say, though everybody is anxiously waiting for news in reference to tihe Afghan frontier question, no intelligence came to hand last night, excpting that there eas a 8emi panic on the English Stock Exchange in consequence of the uneasiness felt in re gard to the relations between England and IRussia. Messrs. Truber and Co., a well known firm of publishers in London, have, with a generosity well worthy of record, presented the New South Wales contin gent with 300 volumes, with which they can beguile the wecary hours that the donors evidently thinkthey will have to pass in camp waiting for the IMahdi to come to them to be massacred. Lord Carrington, the Governor- lect of New South Wales, will be banqueted by the Agent-General and other colonists shortly. The Conservatives have scored a victory in West Gloucestershiroe. lMr Ackers, thie Conservative candidate, having been elected in place of Colonel RIt. N. Kingocote, C.1., thie Liberal candidatoe,whlo Irad resigned. A proposal is on foot to present the late General Gordon's family with .820,000 from the Government funds. The French have scored another victory over the Chinese at lIelung. The fighting lasted five days, and thero were heavy osses on both sides. Export of Sheep.-The s.s. Paloona, which sailed for Melbourne yesterday, took 85 sheep, valued at 1020 pounds, and shipped by Mr. F. Pitt. The sheep are principally of the Merino breed, and are from the well known run of Mr. J. D. Toosey of Cressy. They were bought at the Cressy sale a short time since, and are consigned to Messrs. M. D. Synnott Bros., Melbourne. The s.s. Corinna, which leaves for Sydney via Eden to-day, will take take another large consignment of sheep to Sydney. There are 05 of those animals, and they are in charge of Mr. Edward Martin.. They consist of 67, ewes and 28 rams, and were selected and purchased by Mr. Martin at the late sale of Mr. J. D. Toosey's stud flock at Cressy to the ceder of Messrs. Macfarlane, Appleyard, and Co.,Waroonga, Mitchell. The sheep shipped on both vessels were in good condition, and the splendid capabilities of the T.S.N. Co.'s steamers for carrying animals of any kind will no doubt allay all fear of the sheep not arriving at their destination safely. CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION or TAsuANIA.-The annual meetings of this body will be held at Hobart next week. On Tuesday the ministers and dole gates assemble at 4 p.m., and at 7"30 the chairman, Rev. C. Price, will deliver lis address. On Wednesday business meet ings will be held morning and afternoon; in the evening sermon by Rev. G. Clarke. On Thursday business meeting during the day if necessary; in the evening a special report will be read on the examination of the young people connected with the Con gregational Sunday-schools in Hobart and Launceston who competed for prizes offered for best acquaintance with the life of Abraham ; after which the certificates of the examiners will be awarded. ILLUMINATING THE CATARACT .- On Tuesday and Wednesday nights last Capt. Hay, of the s.s. Glenochil, which vessel is now in port, illuminated the Cataract Gorge with blue lights' etc. On Tuesday the display was very effective, but on Wednesday, owing to the unpropitious state of the weather , the illumination was not seen to great advantage, but the ar- rangements connected with it were re. markably well carried out by the officers of the Glenochil Boats were placed at respective distances on either side of the Gorge, and by a signal given from the Cataract Bridge, rockets, blue lights, etc., were let off simultaneously. The effect displayed was beautiful, and. persons stationed on the bridge were enabled to see the whole of the Gorge as if it were in a flame. Tarred ropes and other combus- tible matter, which were thrown into the water all ablaze, spread an extensive light throughout the Cataract. BAzAAn AND BRUCE AUCTION.-A bazaar and Bruce auction will be held at Fingal on Easter Monday and Tuesday, for the purpose of paying for the repairs of the Wesleyan Church. Goods or money will be thankfully received by the Rev. G. May, Falmouth; MiIrs. Cramp, St. Mary's; and Mrs. John Oliver, Fingal. ExcessION TO "ROSEVEAR's.-TiTh p.s Natone will make an excursion to Rose year's to-morrow afternoon, leaving tlh" wharf at 215 p.m., and Rosevear's on roe turn at 5 p.m. CITY BAND CONCERTi-The City Band. under the leadership of Mr. A. Wallace, gave another of their pleasing promenade concerts in the Town Park last evening, when the programme was admirably ren dered. Owing to the cold and threatening state of.the weather the attendance was not so large as usual, but those present enjoyed a very agreeable evening. TnE RECIPROCITY TREAT..-A Com mittee meeting of the Manufacturers and Producers' Association was held at the oflice of Mr. F. Littler, Patterson-street, last evening, the chair being occupied by Mr. E. R. Faulkiner. After routine busi ness had been transacted, the proposed re ciprocity treaty between Victoria and Tas mania was discussed at considerable length, the Committee ultimately de ciding to take prompt action in obtaining the assistance of farmers and others in terested and opposed to the terms of the proposed treaty. For this object the secretary was instructed to write to resi dents of the Longford and Westbury dis tricts, asking their co-operation, and in viting them to arrange for public meetings to be Iheld at those townships at early dates. A sub-committee was also appointed to draw up, and have printed, a pamphlet, to be issued by the northern and southern Committees, specifying the various local industries that will be effected by the treaty should the present proposals be carried out. The Committee will also issue a circular shortly, asking the co-operation of all persons interested. The Committee will meet at four o'clock on Saturday evening, at the Mechanics' Institute class room, at which country residents, especially farmers, are invited to be present. VOLUNTEER Mmes.-The usual Thurs. day evening drill of the Launceston Volunteer Rifle Regiment was held last evening, when there wero42 members of all ranks present, also 20 cadets, the officers being Captains Room and Martin, Lieu tenant Gould, and Lieutenant and AdjutantFairthorne. The men were ex ercised in guard-mounting and company drill. The following orders were read: The commanding officer has been pleased to make the following promotions in the Cadet Corps :-Corporal Dagnia to be ser geant, Lance-corporal Craw to be corporal. The Regiment will assemble on Saturday next, at 3 n.m., for instruction in tent pitching. ThVo following rations will be served out daily to each member of the force at the approaching encampment: Bread 1ilbs, meat llb, butter 2oz, potatoes Ilb, vegetables 80oz, tea 1-Gth oz, sugar 2 oz, salt I oz, pepper 1-36oz. The Com mandant, Col. Legge, will attend the parades of the Artillery and Rifles on Mon day and Tuesday nights next respectively. The Artillery will be drilled with thie 7 pounder guns, and the Rifles will be exer cised in shelter trench digging. Officers should take their own equipage, namely, stretcher if desired, blankets, basin, etc. One tent is to be apportioned to the officers of each company. WVe understand that VolunteerTV. WV. Just has awarded a prize of five guineas for the best bayonet team,to be competed for in camp. LAUNCESTON TABERNACLE BAUND OF HoPE.--Inclement weather prevented a large attendance at an entertainment given by the members of this Band of Hope on Wednesday eveninS, but those who were present appreciated the efforts put forth by the young people and the friends who kindly assisted them. The programme included readings, recitations, vocal and instrumental music, which were all ren dered in excellent style. MAp OF TAsANmA.--From the Lands Department we have received two lithlo graphed maps of tie colony, one plain and tis other coloured. Both show clearly the electoral districts of'the colony, the lines of railway completed and in course of construction, and the prominent land marks of the colony. The maps have apparently been prepared with very great care, and will prove a boon to the public as a reference to them where mineral aonds are sitmtted, what lands remain sndlicn ated, and also the town reserves and county boundaries. NEWy SCALE OF FEEs.--The now scale of fees under the Sumall Debts Amondulent Act aire published, the only alteration being in the fees for barristers and solici tors attending Court. These linve been brought back to the original form in accordance with the remarks made through our columns. The alteration has given general satisfaction to the profession in the north as well as in the south. SUNDAY- SCHOOL TnEAT.-On Wednesday last the Carrick Church of England Sun day-school anniverstry picnic was held on the Church Green. The threatening weather and the prevalence of measles pre vented many from attending, nevertheless there was a goodly gathering of youngsters and their friends, who seemed to thorougnly enjoy their outing. Teli Car rick Brass Band played a selection of dance music in good time, and between dancing, racing, and scrambles, and other innocent amusements, tl!he day gave place to night far too soon to please many. Re freshmentqs were plentiful, and many of those not able to attend were kindly re membered. In tie evening there was a dance in the Public-room until 10 o'clock, and was much appreciated. TELonoRA'sIc.--The telegraph line was interrupted yesterday between Alberton and Upper IRingarooma, but was restored ugain at 7'20-p.m. TILn FIRE Baoarns DsEMONBTRAetloN. Notwithstanding the interest taken here is the great Fire Brigades Demonstration being held in Ballarat, the news to hand in reference thereto is very brief. For the first item on the programme, " Hose practice," no less thimn 85 brigades entered. For this contest we learn that the team from the Carlton Brewery Bligade won the first prize, and the Chiltern Brigade team second. The Launceston team, who were 13th on the list, performed tlheir work well until the point was arrived at when they had to couple the hose to tihe water main. Here they were either in too great a hurry, or became excited, for they missed coupling, and were thrown out of the contest. The time was 373ee. Doubt less we will hear better accounts of " our boys" in two more events on the pro grammo for which they are entered. WEsTonuRY PonLic LIBRARr.-This in stitution, which is one of the most com pleto of its kind in the country districts has recently been enlarged and improved at considerable expense, and it is now the in tention of the Committee to hold a bazaear and Bruce auction, in order to liquidate the debt of over £100 remaining out of the £180 expended in improving the hall. The date chosen is Tuesday next, the 17th inst., when the products of the ladies' ex ertions on behalf of the Library will be laid before the public in the hall. On the following day a Bruce auction will be held, and any residents of the district or else where desirous of assisting with gifts, etc., may send them to the secretary, Mr. Drew, or Mr. M. Mahoney, Westbury. SALMON OVA ross TASMANIA.-By the English mail delivered in Hobart on Wed nesday (saysthe Mercury)the secretary to the SalmonCommissionors,Mr. P.S. Senger, is in receipt of further advices from London, reporting that Mr. Brady had ar rived there with a consignment of 50,000 ova for shipment to Tasmania, in addition to those previously advised. Mr. Brady expected also that Ihe would be able to come to London with a third lot of ova before the s.s.Yeoman, which is bringing the ova to the colony, sailed for Hobart. Tihe s.s. Tainui, whose arrival in port is ex pected hourly, has on board an experi mental lot of 10,000 ova, which have been packed under a new process. The ova are packed witfi moss in trays, and between each of thoese trays is another containing ice, so that the latter may be drawn out and renewed as often as required. The ice being manufactured on board, the process is quite a new idea, emanating from a Mr. Johnstone, who has been for many years connected with salmon cnlture in the old country ; and Mr. Farr, of Can terbury, who is now in London arranging a shipment of ova for New Zealand, has been so struck with its utility that he has ordered three boxes to be constructed on Mr. Johnstone's plan for his contemplated shipment to New Zealand, which is expected to be ready during the present month. STANLEY RACESe-For the acM mmm31 dation of those desirous of attending the races to be held at Stanley on Tuesday next, the s.s. Devon will make an excur sion, leaving Emu Bay on Monday evening for Circular Head, and sailing from there on return after the races on Tuesday evening. CaMPRELL TOWN ATHILETIC SPORTS. On Tuesday next return tickets will be issued on the Main Line Railway at single fares to Campbell Town, from all stations and sidings between Launceston and Oatlands, available for return journey on the day of issue only. Passengers from the south will be conveyed by the down express train, which will stop at all stations and sidings north of Oatlands when required, and from the north by the ordinary train. Return trains will leave Campbell Town for the south at 4.48 p.m. and 11"10 p.m., and for the north at 530 p.m. BrIsIIos'noUaNE RACEs TRAIN ARRLANG(E MBSnTS.--Return tickets from all stations to Bishopsbourne will be issued at single fares on Tuesday next on the Launceston and Western Railway, on the occasion of the Bishopsbourno races, available for the day of Issue only, and in addition to the ordinary trains a special train will leave Launceston for Bishopsbourne at 1015 a.m., calling at all stations. LaRceNY. -A young girl named Ethel Collins, in the service of Mr. Adolphus Leuschner, Margaret-street, was arrested yesterday by Sergeant M'Auliffe, charged with stealing a silver brooch and two tape measures, the property of her employer. A GHASTLY AND A (OHOSTLY FETE.-" A Polymorphous Fete" is the latest enter. tainment which, it is said, has just been given in Paris by a well-known actress. The ball-room was, we read, transformed into a funeral chamber, to harmonise with the character of the entertainment; and the guests amused themselves by playing at ghosts. The gentlemen arrived in spectre attire; and the ladies were deli ciously dressed as phantoms; coffins were liberally placed about the room,and round and amongst them a game of hide and seek was entered into with much zeal. Afterwards there was a dance of a spectral description; and to it succeeded a concert, in which the ghosts performed. As, how ever, notwithstanding the phantom-like appearance of the guests, they gave evi dance of being flash and blood by an ex cellent appetite, the night's festivities were brought to an end bya choice supper, served on the coffins, piled up on one another to form a table. There is no more harm, perhaps, in playing at ghosts with all these lugnbrious surroundings than there is in playing .at cards, or any other game. As a contemporary remarks, it is a matter of taste, and there is no accoun ting for tastes. But the entertainment in question can hardly be said to be a cheerful. n£800 GvaN FORn A Dos.-For a dog of the pure St. Bernard breed, Mr. J. K. Emmet of New York has given 4000 dols., or £800 in English money, the largest price over paid for a dog. The animal is of immense size. WVlhen placed under the standard used for measuring horses he touched the bar with his shoulders when elevated to a little over thirty-four inches. Measured from the floor to the centre of the shoulders with a tape, the measure shows thirty-seven inches. Re hsas a brindled hIead and a brindled and white body, and whlat is remarlkable in a dog of such proportions he stands as straiglht on his legs as a terrier, and carries his 195 pounds of bone and muscle with surprising activity. PRIncEss BFATRrCE.-A late English paper says that the Princess Beatrice is one of the most accomplished women of the day. In a sense it may be said she lhaes never left school. Daily a teacher waits upon her for two or three hours, there be ing a different subjectfor each day. She is a good linguist, a first-class musicinm, theorist, and executant, and lhas even essayed a little musical composition, rival ling hler brother, the Duke of Edinburgh, in his passion for and mastery of music. Princess Beatrice also, like the Princes: Louise, draws well, paints, and models, and she has added photography to hler other accomuplishments. Her birthday-book, flowers in colours, with suitable poetice quotations, is a handsome volumc, and has gladdened the inmates of more than one children's hospital. THE BAD AND WORTHILEos are never imitaterd or countcrfeiled. This is espe cially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imitated is of thle hlighest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by tile whole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable family medicine on earthl, many imitations sprung up and began to steal the notices in which the Press and the people of the country had expressed the merits of H. B., and in every way trying to induce suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H=.B. Many othlers started nostrums put up in similar style to H. B., with variously devised names in wlich tile word "Hop" or "Hops" were used in a sway to induce people to believe they were the same as lHop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter what thleir style or name is, and especially those with the word "iHop" or "Hops" in their name or in any way connected withl them or their nameu, are imnitations or counterfeits. Beware of theme. Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, with a bunch or clustbr of greeno Hops on tle white label, and Dr. Soulo's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Drug~ists and coheaists are warned against dealing in imitations or counto?r frito. HUMAN xPon?Ts.-The woman Ann Proctor, who was arrested hero on the 0th instant for abandoning her child in Mel. bourne, and Albert Chamberlain, who is in custody on a charge of larceny at Mel. bourno, were yesterday taken to HIelbouren in the s.s. Pateena, under the charge of Sub-Inspector Walter Scott. MAsoNrc.-The Lord Wolseley Tem. perance Lodge, 358 I.C., will meet in the Masonic Hall this evening, at 7'30 o'clock for the dispatch of business, when visiting brethren are fraternally invited. DEATHS FROMl SNAKE AND ADDER BITnEu -WVhilst a number of bullock-drivers wer seated in the slhade of a tree at Canal Creek, Queensland, giving their bullocks a spell, the dogs belonging to the party hunted i deaf adder out of the scrub. The adder to escape the dogs went in the diree. tion of the men. Seeing the reptile coming James Brindle, a young man about twenty. four years of ago, moved his arms in order as he thought, to avoid the adder ; but the movement proved fatal. The reptile col. lided with Iris arm, the result being that he was bitten on one of the subarteries through two thick shirts. The adder also passed over the legs of two of Brindle's mates, but fortunately without inflicting any injury. lie then made a "stand,"but was promptly despatched. Every atten. tion was shown to Brindle ; the bitten part was cut and sucked, brandy was adminis, tered, but all to no purpose. In about an hour after tihe fatal puncture de. ceased was seized with convulsions,annd he died in about two hours after receiving the bite.-A fatal case of snake-bite occurred last week, near Alexandra, Victoria. A lad named George Robb, son of T. Itobb, was playing at a short distance froon the house with his boots off, and when getting over a fence he put his foot down on tine top of a large black snake. Upon removinghis foot the reptile sprang at him and struck him just over the ankle bone. The boy ran home at once. His mother took off the sock, and saw two punctures caused by the bite. Muiss Robb at once cut a large piece of flesh out over the wound and sucked it for a considerable time, Mrs. Robb mean. time tying a ligature round the leg. ledi. cal assistance was promptly obtained, and the lad seemed better, but towards evenin, lihe took a turn for the worse, and died shortly after five o'clock. INTERCOLONIAL ACCIDENTs, OrFFENCE, ETc.-Thoe accident to MIr. Stewart, the Victorian Inspector of Mines, is likelyto prove more serious than was at first an. ticipated. A letter to the Mines Depart ment, written at his dictation, states that tihe eyeball was pierced by the piece of lath with which lie came into contact while crawling through a drive in the claim of Saunders and party, United Black Hill; and it is not yet known but that disastrous consequences to the sight of the eye may ensue. Mr. Stewart has been granted a short leave of absence, and meanwhile his duties will be performed by his colleagues among the mining inspectors.-During the voyage of the steamship Potosi from London to Melbourne Thomas Pouller, as able seaman, was killed through having his skull fractured by some tackle whilst working on deck.-Two Chinese miners have been killed by a fall in one of the drives of the Trunk Lead mine at Hadden, Ballarat. A woman named Mary O'Dwyer, the wife of a railway guard at Back Creek, Victoria, had a row with her husband, and then swallowed a bottle of eye lotion. Remedial measures were promptly taken, and she was then arrested.-At the South Melbourne Police Court a stout-built young man named Thomas Forsteor was fined £10 or twelve weeks' imprisonment for break. ing into a Ihouse occupied by one Samuel Aldis, entering a room where Aldis was in bed with his wife, and dragging Aldis out of bed, and assaultinghim,at thesametime making use of obscene language. Prisoner simply pleaded that he was drunk. Barnes, the self-accused murderer of Mr. J. B. Slack, solicitor, has employed Mr. Hart, of the firm of Hart and Benjamin, to defend him at his trial.-At Pokeno, near Auckland, a settler named Robert Prender. gast, in a fit of jealousy shot his wife through the heart. After committing the crime he drank to excess, and told several persons what he had done. He has been committed for trial for murder.-A child, five years old, daughter of Mr. Henry Carey, of Little River, near Vass, drank about half a pint of whisky from a bottle that was left in her bedroom. She became unconscious a few minutes afterwards, never rallied, and died next morning.--A fire has occurred at Messrs. Sayers and Clapmaun's electro-plating establishment, Melbourne, completely destroying the contents. Partly insured. - Constables Cnrackley and Gleeson placed in the Colling wood lock-up a man, a woman, and a girl, the latter wearing the Salvation Army uniform, whom he found in bed together. In answer to questions by the Mayor of Collingwood, the young lady said she had not committed any offence, and did not perceive that the situation in which she was found was improper, although slightly unusual. She was remanded. W. Turnford, a drayman at Ballarat, has died from injuries received to his chest. Whilst drivinghis team, he was pressed against, and a hook in the wagon pole struck him heavily on the chest.-Mr. Molkentin, a machinist in a largewayof business, at Dight's Forest, near Albury, whilst atonding to a machine in action, was caught by the driving belt and whirled into the machine, receiving injuries of a fearful character. Several ribs were smashed in, and the body generally was a mass of bruises. One thigh was smashed and the leg reduced literally to a pulp. Amputation was resorted to, but he died under the operation. Mary Shiels, aged twenty-two, a housemaid at the Beehive Hotel, Sandhurst, wvhilst engaged in one of the rooms overlooking the roof of the central corridor, noticed that a piece of soap and a scrubbing brush and floor cloth which had been thrown out of the bath-room was lying in the lead guttering, and she got out of the window of the room to recover them, After alighting on the top of the gable she slipped and fell a few feet, whenher weight broke the glass and she was preci pitated through the glass roof and into the corridor, falling almost opposite the door of the brokers' tolegraph-ofice. Thie girl lay there some time before the occeur rcueco was noticed. It transpired that her left arm was broken,and that she was very weak from loss of blood from a wound of a serious nature, inflicted in tile throat by falling glass. Besides the injuries enume rated, it is feared that others of an inter nal character have been caused. Thie con dition of the unfortunate girl is rather critical. Miss ADa CAnxrpnnELr will give anothler Freethought lecture on Sunday evening next, in the ochanics' Institute, on "The Bible and Common Sense." mu1. G. READy, saddler, Deloraine, noti. fletsthat the stock- in-trade of an old estab. lished business, doing a first-class business in Deloraine, is for odle. REsiEDY OR nHAnD TrrEs.-Stop spend. ing so much on fine clothes, rich food, and style. Buy good food, cheaper and better clothing, and stop the habit of using xpen sive or quack doctors, or humbug medicine that does you only harm, but putyour trust in tile greatest of all simple, pure remedies, Hop flitters, that cure always at a trifling cost, and you will see better times an good health. Read. THE MnERCANrTILE ASsOCIATION FOr PiOTECTION OF TRADE issUes a weekly cir' cular, showing Bills of Sale registered, Supreme Court and Court of Iequest Judgments, Bankruptcy Intelligence, and other valuable information. Subscription, is Gd per quarter, or .81 Is per annumin advance (per post, 4s 4d per annum extra), Subscribcre' names received by S. FIEln Eeaminer office, Launceston.--(Advt.) HoiLowvAc's PILas. - Wrongs made Right.-Every day that any bodily snlffer ing is permitted to continue renders it more certain to become chronic or dange' rous. Holloway's purifying, cooling, and strengthening Pl'ills are well adapted for any irregularity of thie human body, and should be lakin wchen tihe stomach is dis crdered,tlhe liver derannged, thie kidneys i0? active, thie bowels torpid, or the brain mudcdled. With this mnedicine every in valid can cure himiself, and those who are weakl and infirm through imperfect di' gestion may mlo?e thmoselves strong and stout by IIolloway's excellent 'ills. A few doses of them insually mnitigaite thie most painful symptome caused by undi gested food, fron which tlhey thoroughlly free the alimentary canal iand completely restore its natural power and action. 