A FURTHER REPLY. TO THE EDITOR OP THE ' GYMPIE TIMRR.' Sir. — Your correspondent ' Ono Inter ested' states that tho direotoro of the Ellon Harkins Co. unanimously passed a resolu tion to instruct tho Manager to report all orushings, dividends, and now finds, to the Exchange, ahd ho cndoavorB to fasten upon ns a oharge of broaoh of faith with the shareholders booause Buoh has not boen carried out. The facts are theso— The committee of tho Exohango wroto a letter to the Board requesting that these things be done, and as an act of courtesy to them, and a desiro to give the young Institute n start, the request was unanimously agreed to. It woo no request of tho shareholders, but simply an aot of courtesy and goodwill to tho Exchange. The latter acquired no right to suoh information, and hence could receive no wrong by nogloct to furnish suoh after it was considered to have grown effete and outlived its usefulness. I am glad to see your correspondent admits that he does not think- information was in tentionally withheld, aud, bb from what I hear, his letter is a representative one, I assume this to be equivalent to a with drawal of the cltargo of systematio neglect against tho directors. I should not have troubled your columns but for this charge, which is tantamount to mo of dishonorable conduct, and one which I considered neces sary to notice and refute. Having success fully dono so, by a statement of facts, I do not flee that I am oalled on to entor into a controversy on tho Bide issues to which your correspondents mainly address them selves, viz , whether my interpretation of '?he duties of a director is a correct one, and whether tho Exohange is the melan choly ghost I havo dopicted. To the first, I will simply say that for many years I have boen generally elected Chairman of directors of the companies in which I am interested, and I think this is sufficient evidence that I can interpret and perform the duties. To the second, I would obsorve that the support of the mining public will be the true test of its value, but I think it must be worked on broador lines and higher aims than the one mentioned by your correspondent, viz,, to regulate prices even though no actual sales take place. Tht b public would like to see in the quotation at tho Exohange a record of bona fide busi ness done. That its prioes should be nominal as a sort of feeder to business done in the street will soarcely be good enough to oatch throe guinea subscriptions, or even one guinea. My criticisms will do it no harm, but good, inasmuch as those who desire to see it flourish will rally to its aid, and no one will feel better pleased than myself to see it rescued from con tempt, an article, by the way, whioh I note seems to be held in considerable quantity in that neighborhood. In con clusion, I would assert, I have attacked no persons or oast any reflections on any one. I thank your correspondents for their ex pressions of respee*, and havo but one re gret that I have so many litorory friends, of whose names I am perfectly ignorant. Yours truly, W. H. OOULDERY. July 2nd, 1885. 