WES LE YAN DISTRICT SESSION. [Below we give the ordination charge preached by the Rev. R. W. Campbell, at the ordination of the Revs. J. W. Mouland and V. Roberts.] So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God Romans x; 17." We are met tonight, brethren, for the purpose of formally inducting yon into the Pastorate of the Wesleyan Methodist Church into the united Pastorate of the Methodist Church throughout the whole of these fair Australia. On this occasion you will allow me to congratu- late you on the successful manner in which you have passed the years of your probationary ministry. If you had betrayed mental incompetency in connection with your annual examinations, we could not have recommended you for the full work of the minister. If you had not won a good degree" among our people we must as an act of honesty have recommended you to some other honorable calling. The ministry into which you are received is unique in its history and characteristics. We have given ministers to all other churches ; we have received none in return. The requirements are such that we must grow our own men. A Methodist preacher can adjust himself to the requirements of any other ministry ; but a minister of another church would find it hard indeed to do the work of a Methodist preacher. If one pluming himself on his classical knowledge, a mastery of dogmatic theology, upon elocutionary ability, or luxuriating in that feeble delusion of a mechanical, or rather manual apostolic succession were to knock at our door for admission he would knock in vain. We demand spirituality and what are known in our vocabulary as " competent abilities for our itinerant work." Having said "this, and wishing you God speed in what I trust will be lives of arduous toil in the service of the Great Master, L will proceed to point out the only means by which you can hope to achieve true success. " Faith cometh by hearing." The one business of the gospel munster is to keep alive the faith of God in the earth. How that is to be done must ever be to him the all-absorbing question of life. Anything which helps to that end, however trivial in itself, will be to him an important matter and anything inimical to spirituality will always challenge his most jealous concern. You are going, then, upon a work. What tools will you use ? You are going upon a warfare. What weapons will you select? You have the power of choice. You are to-night like men standing in the centre of a great plain. From this centre road- ways radiate to every point of the com- pass- some of them in the beginning lying par acted with one another, but afterwards diverging and growing wider asunder? And the question how is the selection of a life's course to be made which shall be like the " narrow way " of Christ is one that presses itself upon your now. You may, for instance, become respectable and clever professionalism, doing duty under cover of stereotyped church regulations, and in that character you may secure respect and to a large extent the homage of men ; but brethren the ministry is not a profession is a vocation, a calling. You are called of God to preach the gospel whether men accept or reject it. You are called upon to pay each the gospel if men will build commodious churches for your comfort, and you are called upon to preach the gospel if men say, " We will none of you, if you have to do it under the dome of God's heaven without a friend to stand by you in the world. Under all the varied circumstances of human life, in every state and condition in which humanity can possibly exist, are you called upon to administer the word of life " which is able to save men's souls." There are two things essential to success ; first, that we have in ourselves the faith which we preach to others ; secondly, a knowledge of Bible truth. The Christianity of today makes one imperious demand-the demand that the teacher's life and teaching shall make one harmonious whole that a man shall preach when his tongue is silent. That was the apostolic position, " We believe, and therefore speak ; " and that was the apostolic basis of efficiency. Nevertheless there are among nominal Christians those who are prepared to say, " So long as a man preaches pure gospel it matters not, if his life be fairly respectable. about his own spiritual life. If you go," say they, " to a lawyer for advice on a point of law, what you demand is legal ability."' You may get good law from one who is in a moral sense a bad lawyer, but you cannot get good and pure theology from a theologian whose moral and spiritual life is wrong. Yet there are a few who say, " So long as a man preaches a pure gospel, no matter how he gets it, that is all that is required. That is all sufficient." How, is it so I I appeal to your own moral sense. is it so I Would you drink pure water out of a filthy vessel But the performance is not possible. An spiritual man cannot deal with spiritual things, and it is impossible that he should be the medium for conveying pure spiritual teaching. His ministrations and communications must be corrupted by his life and morals just as the water per- colating through the rock is tinged and tainted by the properties of that rock. When Nicodemus came to Christ by night enquiring about the Kingdom of God, he was met by a most startling announcement, " Except a man be born again he cannot see the Kingdom of God." And how is it possible that a man shall point out to others that which he himself sees not Hence the force and wisdom of the apostolic ordination charge, delivered by inspired lips, '. Take heed to yourselves and to all the church, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers In the second place it is absolutely necessary that you should know the bible. " Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." You should be men learned in the scriptures, and aim at being, like Apollos, '. Mighty in the scriptures" it is required that your preaching shall by an exposition of revealed truth-a paraphrase of bible teaching - that it shall rest upon the authority of Bible teaching as the great cathedral rests upon the living rock. And now I have to point out a few scriptural proofs of my position, that men can only possess faith by the revealed truth. When the angel instructed Cornelius to send for St. Peter it was for an intelligent purpose. " He shall tell thee words whereby thou shalt be saved." When the angel delivered John and Peter from prison it was that they might go on a mission : '. Go, stand in the temple and speak unto the people all the Words of this life, words not of their own choosing, for it was given unto them at these times, " what they should say and what they should speak." And in our Saviour's intercessory prayer for the disciples of all ages, we hear Him pleading " Sanctify them through Thy truth. Thy word is truth." And further we have such passages as " Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free, and the apostolic injunction, " Hold fast the form of sound words."' I think these scriptures sufficiently prove my position and was the question is whether you are prepared to preach this gospel in the faith and love of God and to accept and employ it as the only means God has given you of bringing about the desired result j -the salvation of men ? Are you prepared to preach it fearlessly, through evil report and through good report ? Now a word as to the manner of preaching the gospel in our day there is a growing demand for sensationalism as a means of religious inspiration, and there are men who are immolating themselves, laying suicidal hands upon their own powers in order to meet that demand from the crowd for excitement, for sensationalism. Is it not marvellous that there is no cry for revival of pure gospel preaching, but only a demand for something that shall act upon and awaken the emotions ? Yet, while men all around us are sleep- ing under the deadly narcotics of sin, it is not for you, brethren, to be afraid of that word " sensationalism. " Did they not say of Paul and Silas ''these men that have turned the world upside down have come hither also, and if you be true Gospel ministers, I predict that there shall be sensationalism in your ministry. The thing to be feared is the substitution of sensationalism for the word of God, " if they believe not Moses or the Pro- phets, neither will they be persuaded though one rose from the dead." If the preaching of the Gospel will not bring about the desired result there is nothing under heaven that will. " Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." I ask you tonight, are you prepared to preach the gospel as God's remedy for sin, as the Magna Charta of the race ? Are you prepared to demonstrate your own faith in the divine mission of the book by, if needs be, suffering the loss of all things rather than sell the truth ? Is your feeling that of the poet " Should all the forms that men devise Assault my faith with treacherous art, I'd call them vanity and lies, And bind the gospel to my heart." What has the ministry to offer you position ? Position, brethren ! Your position will be what you make it. so true ministers of Jesus Christ, and He through men's hearts and consciences will give you a position which the proudest might envy the position of one trusted, loved, and sought For in the dark days of men's sorrows and bitterest needs. 