THE NEW YEAR.—The old year has passed away. The new year has opened. We speed the parting and welcome the coming guest. Eighteen hundred and eighty-four has now passed into history. Its record is unalterable ; what men have made it, it will remain for ever. To the world 1884 has not been altogether uneventful. England will remember it aB the year of her disasters in the Soudan, and of General Gordon's gallant defence of Khartoum, and at home it will be remembered QB the year of the struggle between the Lords and the CommonB over the Franchise Bill. By France and Italy the past year will be remembered as that of the cholera plague. China and Madagascar will remember it BB the year of French aggression and injus tice. In the United StateB the past year has witnessed the triumph of Democracy over Republicanism. It will be remembered by Australia as the year of the annexation of New Guinea. Locally, 1884 will leave its impresB upon our history as the year of the great fires, and as that in which an equitable scheme of direct taxation was first imposed. And to individuals, as well as to the world, 1884 has doubtless been memorable. There are few who have not had experiences during the year, either pleasing or Bad, which will not quickly be forgotten. But whatever these may have been, it is not wise either to rest in what has been good, or to grieve too much over what has been evil. Another year is upon us, and we are called to renewed action. Let us forget the tilings which are behind, and reach forward unto those which are before, and upon the blank pages of the new year let us patiently and carefully inscribe a record of which we shall not be ashamed when we come to face it in the eternities. OUBSELVBS.—In entering upon a new year we purpose making some changes in the style and arrangement of the Colonist which have been suggested by observation and experience. The newspaper has been an active factor in accelerating the progress of the age, and in developing new modes of thought and action, and the age in turn is exacting on the newspaper which is compelled to adapt itself to the changed conditions which it has assisted to produce. Most men are too busy and preoccupied now-a-days to care for long and ponderous discussions, either from pulpit, platform, or press, with but few exceptions they demand that sermons, speeches, and newspaper articles should be brief, pointed, pithy and forcible. They want the truth in a nut shell, and those who would gain the car of the world now-a-days must comply with this demand. Having come to this conclusion we propose to abolish, in future the formal leading article, and to substitute in its stead brief, bright, readable editorials on the chief topics of the day in the religious and social world. These will vary in length with the importance of the subject treated. When there is nothing to be said we Bhall say it, and when greater elaboration is required it will be given. We purpose making other improvements with a view to make the Colonist more acceptable to our readers, and tiiese we hope to effect as soon as the holiday season is over. In the meantime we sincerelj' wish our friends—one and all—a Happy New Year. A FOOL'S PARADISE.—In South Australia we are under the impression that every man has a voice in the affairs of the nation. We boast of manhood suffrage and make comparisons, at the expense of the mother country, between the position occupied by the people here and there. Our Parliament is elected by the people, it is fondly supposed to represent the people's views, and the legislation which is enacted by Parliament is supposed to express the people's will. We flatter ourselves that in this model colony the will of the people is supreme. We are mistaken, however, in this notion ; it is a fond delusion which has no absolute foundation in fact. There is a higher power in operation here than the will of the people, and that iB the will of the police. When laws are enactcd by the Legislature it remains for the police to determine whether they are to be enforced or not. T'.cse remarks have spccial reference to laws which relate to sobrietvand morality- For example: the law forbids the sale of drink on Sunday except between the hours of 1 and 3 p.m. But the police have not seen fit, to enforce this law, and the publicans are thus enabled to set the will of the people at defiance. The evidence given at the police court on Monday week showed that drink was procured without difficulty after nine o'clock on Sunday night, the result of which was the perpetration of a serious offence. The law further makes it a misdemeanour for anyone to harbour fallen women on his premises. The articles entitled " Dissolute Adelaide " which have appeared in the Register recently show that publicans harbour such persons on their premises with the knowledge of the police, and are not interfered with or punished. Now is this to be tolerated ? How long shall we be content to live in a fool's paradise ? How long will it be before the people demand that the police give effect to the laws enacted by the Legislature. JERRY MCAULEY, of Water Street Mission, New York, has recently died, and his funeral was one of the largest ever seen in that city. It was attended by the most prominent divines and citizens of the American metropolis, and the great Broadway tabernacle was crowded to overflowing. The power of the gospel to purify and elevate and ennoble was never more strikingly exemplified than in the case of this man, whose death has left a perceptible blank in the circle of religious workers in the United States. His heredity was bad, for his father was a counterfeiter, who iled from Ireland to escape the vengeance of the law. His environment was bad. He was never sent to school, nor taught to read. He was brought up to crime. His companions were the worst thieves of New York. He became a prize- fighter, and was finally sentenced to imprisonment for fifteen years for highway robbery, of which, however, he declared himself innocent. While in prison, as the result of an address by Gardiner, a converted prize-fighter, Jerry was converted, and was pardoned for good conduct when half his. sentence had expired. The grace of God had proved mightier than heredity or environment,, or the force of long-standing evil habits, and the son of the counterfeiter, the thief, the prize-fighter, the convict, became a new creaturc in Christ JOEUS. After his release he returned to the scene of his previous career, married the woman with whom he had formerly lived in sin, and amongst the people who had known him in his vice and folly he began to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ. The Water Street Mission was the means of turning thousands of the worst characters of New York from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God. Two years ago he began a mission to fallen women,which lias been very successful. He has now gone to his rest and reward. While the Lord continues to raise up such men as Jerry McAuley, the world will never lack abundant evidence of the truth of Christianity. ANNEXATION".—We should favour annexation simply as a means of protecting the Polynesian natives. We do not need more territory, surely England already lias more than she can well protect or occupy. We should be in no particular danger in Australia from the establishment of French or German colonies in the Pacific. The nearest of these would be much further from UB than France or Germany is from England Besides it is not likely that the European population of colonies in the tropics would ever become so largo UB to be a serious menace to Australia. The only question which remains, therefore, is that of the protection of the native races of Polynesia. That these are above the average of savage races in intelligence and capacity for civilization has already been proved. It would be a pity to leave these people to the mercy of adventurers, or of nations which nave no regard for their rights or welfare. Australia herself haB not very clean hands in thiB respect as witness the Queensland labour trade, and the doings of eome of the blackbirding expeditions from that colony. It is boldly stated by missionaries that the worst enemieB of the Polynesians are the low British traders who supply them with spiritB and firearms in exchange for their products. We wish very much that Joseph Cook'a idea could be carried out, and that an Anglo American alliance could be formed, the first of whose duties might be to undertake the protectorate of the whole of Polynesia, to rescue the rights of the people, and to regulate settlement and trade. We BuppoBe, however, that this is at present Utopian, and that the history of Polynesia for some time to come will continue to be "A Game of Grab." CHRISTMAS DAY.—The moBt fastidious could scarcely fail to be satisfied with the weather with which we were favoured on Christmas Day. On Wednesday a Btrong north wind prevailed until evening, accompanied by clouds of dust, and it was feared, as the day wag succeeded by a close and oppressive evening, that the prospect for the holiday was not favourable. Fortunately, however, the wind changed towards morning, and Christmas Day broke with a cool moist breeze blowing from the sea, which continued through the day. Services were provided in the churches for such as were disposed to engage in worship, a fitting prelude, let us say, to our gladness on the day which we celebrate as the anniversary of the advent of the Saviour of mankind. The railways carried a few to the seaside and the hills, but no special amusements were indulged in. Some catching the spirit of the season laid themselves out to remember the poor and to feed the hungry. The ladies of the Y.W.C. A. gave a tea to some fifty friendless women and girls, and a gentleman provided Christmas cheer at the city mission hall for such poor persons as were willing to partake. We are glad to note these thoughtful and kindly deeds. Doubtless there waB also much private almsgiving which has not become public, as true charity delights to conceal from the right hand that which the left hand does. Christmas of 1884 is now a thing of the past, let it be ours to carry its spirit into every day of 1885. THE Bisnor AND THE BAPTISTS.—We were very glad to note that Bishop Kennion was present at the Rev. Allan Webb's farewell meeting and spoke a few kindly, brotherly words. We congratulate the Bishop on bis willingness to promote a closer union between the different churches on earth. One who had listened to an eloquent discourse on the recognition of friends in Heaven, when asked what he thought of the sermon replied that he would be glad to hear a sermon on the duty of recognizing friends on earth, as he had attended that church for some years, and no one had recognized his presence. We need a little more cordiality and brotherly feeling between the churches now. The Church of England though the elder sister of the English Protestant Churches must confess that she is more or less responsible for the defection from her standard of her younger sisters. Still sufficient time has now elapsed to remove the soreness occasioned by separation on botli sides, and the various so-called dissenting churches have sufficiently shown that they possess the true apostolical succession, and the presence and power of the Holy Ghost no less than the Anglican Church. It is time therefore that there was a frank recognition of this on the part of the latter, and a readiness to co-operate in all great Christian movements. We are glad that Bishop Kennion lias taken one step in this direction, and trust it will be the first of many more. THE THEOSOPHISTS EXPOSED.—It is a little singular that in the midst of the local discussion on spiritism, news should have come to hand of the exposure of the Theosophists in India. What is known as the Theosophical Society, was founded in New York some ten years ago by Madame Blavatsky, who, with a certain Colonel Olcott as her associate, proceeded to India to establish the society there. Theosophy consists in the skilful adaptation of certain modern scientific theories to the ancient philosophy of the East, and met with much favour amongst the native population of India. Many branches were formed, and a monthly journal, edited by Madame has been published, which lias had a wide circulation. The society gained its notoriety chiefly through certain wonderful phenomena said to have been produced by Madame Blavatsky, who gave out that she was in aerial communication with Mahatmas, a great spirit, by means of a psychological telegraphy. Letters and messages believed to have come through the air from the Mahatmas, or to have been impressed as ordinary telegrams have found their way to the disciples, together with many other strange and wonderful occurrences, including the appearance of the Mahatmas themselves in spiritual body to their followers. Dissension, however, has crept into the society, some have left in disgust, and others have been expelled for infidelity to the cause. Some of these have revealed the secrets of the supposed occult phenomena, which, it turns out, lias been effected on the principle of confederation. A number of letters written by Madame Blavatsky, constituting a complete exposure of the whole affair, have been published in the Christian College Magazine, a respectable journal published monthly in Madras. The Indian correspondent of the Christian World, to whom we are indebted for the above particulars, thinks Madame Blavatsky and Colonel Olcott will scarcely be heard of in India again. The Theosophical Society, he adds, was an anti-Christian system of Pantheism and constituted a serious obstacle to the work of the Christian missionaries of India. COMMEMORATION DAY is becoming more and more a national institution amongst us, and the citizens of Glenelg must be credited with praiseworthy efforts year by year to make the demonstration successful, On Monday last the colony celebrated the fortv-ninth anniversary of its birth, and in spite of the" heat of the weather and the depressed condition of trade, a larger number than ever found their wav to Glenelg. Some. 20,000 travelled by rail, and if local residents and those who travelled by rail are reckoned, there must have been nearly 30,000 persons present during the day. The sports passed off successfully, and the crowd, like Soutli Australian crowds generally, was orderly und well-behaved. The enjoyment of the day was marred by the sad death by drowning at the baths of a young man named James Thomas Pappin, In addition to . those who visited Glenelg, other holiday makers found their way, some to the hills and some to other sea-side resorts. A furious north wind blew all day which interfered somewhat with the pleasure ol' holiday makers, but a welcome change set in towards evening, and was succeed'jdby a moderately cool night, which gave tired excursionists an opportunity of gating a good flight's rest v.'fter the fatigues of the day. Our holiday number has had a Very large sale, but copies <s.re still on hand which we shall be glad to supply to •gents and others as may fee required. We have eJao «ndeavoured to adopt the present issue to the season -of the year, and with next issue we hope to resume most <jf our usual departments and to introduce some new features which we trust will render the Colonist more acceptable than ever to its numerous circle of readers. RECEIVED.— The Early Days of Christianity, by Canon Farrar, D.D. Cassell&Co.; Popular edition,|18B4. MesBrs. Wigg & Son have sent us this popular reprint of Dr. Farrar's interesting work on the Apostolic Church. This is by common consent Dr. Farrar's best literary effort, and the publishers have done a wiae thing te offer it to the public in this handy and cheap form. The work deals with the leading personalities who were instrumental in the founding of the Christian Church, their doctrinal teachings, and the conditions, both internal and external, under which the Apostolic Church waa founded, and grew. The amount of information crowded into these pages is not less Striking than the philosophical acumen and beautiful style of the writer. It is something more than a history, as Dr. Farrar has given elaborate analyses of the New Testament writings, expounded and applied the writers' meanings, and brought out very successfully the characteristics of each. With the whole field of literature before him, Dr. Farrar has given us the condensed results of modern criticism on the N. T. Canon, with a careful sifting of the historical material that sheds light on those early and classic times of the Christian Church. The work iB made handy to consult by a comprehensive index, and a long list of Scripture references are appended as passages elucidated in the body of the work. We do not know of a more handy and useful book on this subject, either for the teacher or private student, and as it is published at the low figure of six shillings it is Bure to have a very large sale. Messrs. Barker and Co., have sent us their Annual and Almanac for 1885, which appears in an enlarged and much improved form. In addition to the U&ual; calendar information, there is a great, variety of receipts, for all classes, a ready reckoner, and much information on Colonial as well as Old World subjects. It will be found a handy guide for most people, and can be bought for a shilling. r p 