OYER THE MURRAY cfbom oub own correspondent). Onr military ardonr has naturally abated since the receipt of the telegram from home politely in forming us that our services in tho field will not be needed until the autumn, and perhaps net even then, if, as is probanu.-, the New South Wales con tingent succeeds in smashing the Mahdi in the merin' iine. Many of our would-be scldiers pro- ftssoo at first to be much disappointed and amazed at the refusal of the Victorian offer, but they have j now accepted the situation with philosophical re- I signal ion, nnd are living in hopes of being sent 1 for nt the critical moment of the coming cam- ' tmign in the fiondan. Our Governor, Sir Henry Loch, was enthusiastically cheered at tho Town Hall the other night when he said that he would consider it the greatest honour of his life to command a Victorian contingent, and in the absence of a real enemy, our militia have been keeping themselves up to fighting form by or ganising sbam battles in Albert Park. Indeed, it is even contemplated to establish barracks of some sort in Albert Park, but the idea has been received with indignant scorn by the fashionable world, who now make the Park the scene of their regular afternoon rendezvous, and however gladly they would welcome the presence of the imported Imperial officers, they do not rel'sh the prospect of having common colonial soldiers in sucli close prox'mity to their sacied persons. And so it will doubtless eventuate in tho proposed barracks being built in some less fashionable locality. Most people gifted with ordinary powers" of ob servation were aware that the police force has for some time past deteriorated sadly, but few were prepared for the scandalouss revelation that have just become public property. A notorious house of ill-fame was proved in open court to Lave been the r.gular resort of policemen in uni form, who were accustomed to sleep on the premises and amuse themselves at times by dancing on the footpath with abandoned' women. 1 lie latter have been sent to gaol for various peiii da. but the policemen, who should have been punished with equal severity, have been merely tran-fc-rred from the city to the country. Another poiir. man has been discharged for endeavouring to brand a respectable young woman as a bail 'character, Because shr. frustrated iiis attempted seduction of a friend oi hers, lie arrested her, brought hi-r before the city court, sworo he saw her ri-pcatcdiy parading the streets at night, and the I'iabolical plot would perhaps have succeeded if the girl had not brought forward a number of respc tahle witnesses to j-rove that she was never out of doors at night. Cases of this kind should mike magistrates" pause before accepting tho uncorroborated evidence of young constables, as thry are fiequentlv in the habit of doing. I)r. Nield. too. is very wrotli with the con stables, or at least with tile stupid member of the force who locked him up within the morgue en- closure the other evening, and compelled him to make the awkward choice between clambering over a 12ft galvanised iron fence, or olse spending a night in the cheerless society of the corpses and the rats. The cynical little doctor chose the former alternative as the lesser of the two evils, aud, after much difficulty, lie at last succeeded in scaling tho fence and nearly frightening out of their wits the wharf hangers-on, who thought it was a ghost revisiting tho glimpses of the moon. Tito situation was far and away more dramatic in its chnractcr and surroundings than any described by tho doctor during his vocation as a theatrical critic in Melbourne these 30 years past. Under the cir cumstances it is ncedloss to say that anger was tho predominant feeling in the doctor's mind, and ho is now urging on the superintendent of police the absolute necessity of placing a constable on duty at tho morgue who will havo sufficient common sense to ascertain whether there ate any doctors inside conducting post-mortems before lie ldck9 the outer gate and goes home with the key in his pocket. Mr Justice Williams's attack on dogmatic Christianity has been answered in the religious press with all tho vigour of editorial and contri buted denunciation. There is a prevailing opin ion that his Honor has gone a littio too far in his hook on " Religion without Superstition." He lias described the Bible ls containing such a mass of filthy stories that no father would think of reading it to liis children, and yet every time he presides in court this very same liible'is accepted as the most solemn and binding test on the con science of ov-.-y witness. With a know ledge of Judge' Williams's published opin- ions of the Bible, people will now be awaro that his Honor regards the adininisl ration of the oatli as little better than a farce, and the consideration will certainly not add to tho dignity of the courts of the realm. Moreover, actions arc pending against Mr -ymes nnd other officers of the Fieular Association for a violation of tire blnspl.emy laws, nnd it is more than likely that these actions will come on for hearing before either Mr Justice Higginbntham or Mr Justice Williams, the former of whom lias delivered a free-thought lc 'mo, nnd the latter has published a free- thought book. Thus it will be seen that things ju dicial are getting somewhat mixed, and, whilst every man lias a right to his opinion, it does s-.-em e.Mpedient that'theiliighest officers of the law should not do anything that would have the effect of undermining th seat of their o vn authority and strengihcning the hands of the anarchical and atheistic forces tiiat are present in every popular cen tie There has been two n otable banquets during the week. One was given in Scott's Hotel hywavof farewell to Sir Henry Wronfordsley, who is going to fill a judicial position in Tasmania. It was or ganised by a number of prominent citizens who are interested in Fijian nffaiis, and who desired to pay Sir Henry a complimeu'.a , ox-Chief- Justice of that group. Anotlier ex-Chief Justice was prefen:, in the person of your veteran Sir Alfred Stcplu n, who was greatly applauded when he said that Die federal spirit was quite as strong in New Smith Wales as in Victoria. The other banquet was tendered by the Mayor of l'rahran in recog nition of the " patriotic and statesmanlike policy of tin Ministry." It was numerously attended, and Mr Service diu full justice to the toast of the evening. A third banquet has been abandoned through the unwillingness of thegontlornan whom it was intended to honour, viz , the Hon -I ones W unro. As Mr Munro is paying a visit to Europe, the customary farewell banquet was initiated, but a? soon as lie heard that intoxicating drinks wou'd be allowed, Mr Munro informed the promoters that he could not accept t he compliment under the circumstances, seeing that he was a life-long total abstainer, the president of the Melbourne Total Abstinence Kociety, and a delegate to the temperance organisations of the mother country. The objectionable banquet will therefore give place tcj the unobjectionable breakfast. What is known as Die closed-roads question ho3 been before the public eye for many years, At one time it was a favourite theme of the Hon, 1 Gral am Berry, who was accustomed to denounce - in unmeasured terms tlie audacity of the squat ters in fencing in and incorporating in their runs many miles of proe)n!n."-ci public roads. The fact is that hundreds of useless roads have been proclaimed nil over the colony, roads which, if thrown opei, would rarely, if ever, he utilised by the public, an i which Die local shire councils would never drea n of maintaining in proper repair. And so it h is happened tha' the squatters have quietly annex id these nominal roa-ts, added them to their alreriv lar-e estates, and run their sherp ' over them at will, A case just decided in t io Supreme Court hat revived public interest.in t ie question, the Court interpreting the Local Govern ment Act as compelling, the shire Councils to opjn i all proclaimed roads within their respective boundaries. If this decision is upheld on appeal, it will have the effect of breaking up the large estates, giving plenty of employment to tho fencers and roadmakcre, and causing shire coun cillors to look blue at the prospect of maintain ing so many additional roads without any corresponding increase of revenue. In the town too, we have a sort of " closed-road " question, the Mayor having issned an edict forbidding monster processions from marching through the principal business thoroughfares in the heart of the metro polis. He is afraid of accidents occurring through the present cut-np condition of the streets. His Worship is wise, for what between wood-paving in some places and laying down tramways in others, individuals have quite enough to do to steer clear of danger, let alone large bodies of people accompanied by bands and banners, At last something has been dono to make the Exhim'ion Building a place of pleasurable resort. An a-;-. i'im has been erected, and It has already becu;i'< (lvcidcdly popular,— Melbourne, March 2, 