. {JM f • '' » There was too much greiue oh the pole—thought Arrangements have : be^ im^e by'which-o^rafttions ; 'at the: Clare- Preserving Works will '-be rei' sumed.' ' • ". • No w ; we are going to lay ourselves out for a pros-- perous year, and we hope you wiU have yopr wiare : of one! " ; .V. ;; ( I aim to tell the truth.' ' Yes,' interrupted tsa acquaintance,' and you are probably the worst shot in America.'' ' - The dressing (or undressing) rooms nnder the wharves were foiiiid very convenient, but not very comfortable. . Whence come all the boats on regatta days ? Many a housewife must 'miss the run* of her washing- tubs I Sims Reeves is of opinion that Wagner's music does more harm to the voice in two years than any other music in ten. Patrick (dressing for a party): ' Bedad now, and I shan't be able to get on the boots till I've worn 'hem a time or two!' Where is the Astronomer's high tide ? Port people have been very much disappointed; and Mr, Todd ought to know it. Recent experiments in Melbourne have shown that the silver from the Barrier Ranges cannot be extracted without scrap iron and coke. " Have you given the goldfish fresh water, as I told you, Marion ?" Marion: "No, ma'am ; and why should I ? Sure they haven't drunk what they have yet!" The gambling in and around the booths was all of the most respectable sort : wouldn't have scandalized even the S. A. Jockey Club, or the Hon. J. Crozier. Everybody is glad that the holidays are over, and that people can now go to work, and others can pay their debts, and others can receive what is due to them. (A fervent' Amen I' from our publisher.) She was admiring herself and a twenty-five dollar spring bonnet. " Do you think it is becoming, dear ?" she asked of her young husband. " Yes, I do," was his response; "I think it's becoming decidedly dear." Mistress (to lazy housemaid)—"Now, Mary, you know I am going to give a ball to morrow night, and I shall expect you to bestir yourself and be useful generally." Mary—" Yes, mum ; but I'm sorry to say I can't dance." The display of nautical costumes at the Port regatta was highly creditable to the public-spirited individuals who had patronised the tailors to so large an extent, for the sake of effect. Gilt buttons and gold lace proved irresistible. 'Ain't you ashamed to set such an example to your children?' said a scolding wife to her piartially intoxicated lord, but not master. 'No, I'm not,' was. the. defiant answer. 'The' children have-no excuse for imitating me—they aint married.' A lady of experience observes thata good, way to pick out a husband is to see how patiently the maa wait's for dinner when it : is behind time. Her husband remarks that a good way to pick out a wife is to see whether the woman has dinner ready in lime. A sceptic, who was badgering a simple-minded old man about miracles, and Balaam's ass, finally said, "[How is it possible for an ass to talk like a man ?' ' Oh well, remarked the honest old believer, with meaning emphasis, ' I don't see why it ain't as easy for an ass to talk like a man as it is for a man to talk like an ass.' 'General,' said the senator's private secretary, 'they say it is all nonsense about your being a Greek scholar. Here's a paper says you don't know a Greek root from a double harness.' 'Humph! them fellers only show their ignorance.' All tlie same, he stepped into the next room and asked Mary if the trees in Greece had different roots to those in this country.—American Paper. Colonel Hoe, the printers'.; engineer, says that in the near future printing machines will give way to photography. 30,000 copies of a paper may be printed by photography in an hour. This is good news for Geelong. The Geelong papers will be able ^ to print fast enough for their subscribers on quiet days. Of course on busy days they'll have to stick to the old plan of playing off a last year's copy on them. . • - - • . - Grigsby: ' Do you know the Joneses ?'—Mrs. Brown:' No, we—er—don't ca're to know businesspeople, as a rule, althbugh'my husband's in "business; but then he's in the coffee business—and they're are all gentlemen in the coffee-business, you know! '—Grigsby (who always suits himself ta _ his company) : —Realty now ! Why, that's more than can be saidof the anny, the navy, the chnrch, the bar, or even the House of Lords; I don't wonder at your, being rather exclusive !' . A story is told of. a shrewish Scotchwoman, who • tried to wean her huBband from the public-house by employing her brother, to actr the part. oi a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. 'Who are yon?' said the guid many-as the apparition^ rose before him bom behind a bush. . ' I am Auld Nick,' was the reply. 1 Come awa', man,' said John, nothing daunted. ' Gie's a' shake o* your hond—I am married tae a sister o' yours many years syne.' The supplying of children to the stage has become a regular business. A Mrs. Fernandez, in New .York, almost the monopoly of it.. Whenever a-child Or for a production Of a new plaj^ the^manager 'alinpti; invariably goes to Mrs. Fernandez. She can supply the required article, male.01; female, shortn^tug^ If a Toother in needjr aKJurpstancaa «has[^i ^hiicl> which displays any scintilla of dramatic talent jihe takes the little one to Mrs. Fernandez. Tbatlady . makes the child rente for her, and, if she considcxB it showB &iy; talent, down goes its name on a ' ~ list with a number -of others, and* when - its ~ comes, or a child ^bsseseing its peculiar 'qtfalitj wanted'for some new production, it Is seat f&i; an engagement mide with -the -management,!-'" this a' moderate : commissioii is -charged. '' F^rnande^ indeed, runs what iiitey b« affliM^ Baby's Dramatic Agency.* '"*- - 