[?] AKOTHER GROWL FKOM ; ' LIBRA.' .:,..?; TO THE EDItOB. -.,,.? Sir— In your leader of April 27, on tne financial position and the revenue rtt-uxBs,,wiBi reference to the receipts for the 10 per cent, deposit upon the resale of surrendered selec tionB, you say— 'It is fortunately impossible to repeat this spendthrift discounting of the valuable future, and even it Parliament con sents to extend the time for surrendering (which is somewhat doubtiui) the new jaw could hardly come into opera:: ,n in time for any deposits to be paid into the Treasury during this quarter.' I was under tne im-. pression that the Ministry had the power under the regulations ot extending tne tune during which selectors might s-irrender with out obtaining the sanction of Parliament am glad to see by vour remarks that such is.not the case, and trust-that the Parliament will refuse to sanction any extension of time for the surrender of credit selections. In face ot the admittedly shameless manner in_ which tue public estate has been plundered «£ hundreds and hundreds of thousands of yauads, m iac3 of the statement by a farmers1 advocate that these concessions are 'an incomprehensible piece of folly which farmers neper wanted,' of a wheat-growers7 advocate that the million one hundred thousand pounds that will go in con cessions to credit selectors will only benefit . a few who have been allowed to surrender and buy in much below value,' any Ministry who ad vocate a continuance of such an iniquity deserve impeachment ; and any member of Parliament who countenances such robbery and spoliation should be immediately callei upon by his constituents to resign the trust so flagrantly and wantonly betrayed. But this million one hundred thousand pounds of which the public revenue has been defrauded by these wheat growers, in addition to the millions spent in worse than useless immigration, in railroads, roads, bridges, post and telegraph stations, and other conveniences for their beneSt, by no means covers the sum of their iniquitous proceedings. It will be within the memory of most of your readers that ' protection' was given to credit selectors as against the capitalist and squatter — and an increased area of their holdings allowed, on the pleaand understanding that such 'protection' and 'ensouiugementf would enable them to combine dairy produce, and — to a limited extent — grazing with wheat growing, thus enabling them to supply the requirements of the community for these pro ducts, and prevent the exhaustion of the land resulting from continual cropping-with cereals. But what do we now find to be the case now that they have got possession of the public estate? What but that we have been 'pet- ting, pampering, and protecting' a class of men who are as much to be relied on as a Russian diplomatist. In confirmation of this statement, read statements made at what is called the South Australian *' Farmers'' Association (which would be far more appro priately named if called the South Australian Wheat-growers' Association), and letters which have appeared in the public press. As an instance, at the monthly meeting of the ' Baroota and Telowie' branch of the above august association (f wish they would say how many members were present) a speaker is credited 'with saying- with reference .to: the Tariff Revision Association's circular that ' the suggested duty oh butter and barley was only meant as a sop to the farmers.' . Whatever it may be to '* farmers' it is evidently, not- what 'wheat-growers' want. What tney want is not ' a sop,' a whole loaf even will-not con tent them. They want a whole ' batch' and the oven given into the. bargain; and they won't get it. Then* insatiable grasping greed' has o'er leapt itself— the country is waking up to the fact that the whole colony does not. exist for the sole benefit of wheat-growers, who want their land for nothing, labor for nextto nothing, * and carriage of then: produce at a price that does not pay — to enable them to realise, the poetic expression 'tickle the land and it will smile into a harvest ;' hi other words scratch the ground as if an army of cats had gone overit for six weeks or two months of the year ; drive the stripper through the crop for another month or six weeks, and allow them the. balance of the twelvemonths to ' fly. round' or lay on the broad of their back in indolence, in a great many instances leaving their machinery and implements, the price of which appears to be so great a grievance, without the -shadow of 'protection,' to be shrunk and blistered by the summer's sun, and rotted and rusted by the winter's rain, entailing a far greater loss than any tariff would be likely to enhance their price. So long as wheat-growers located on - credit selections can obtain a lazy and luxu rious living under the 'petting, nampsring, and protecting' conditions I have named, it. is very unlikely they will trouble themselves with producing butter, cheese, poultry, «ggs, bacon, or any other products which ' farmers' properly so-called cultivate. These products re quire constant attention all the year round as most other industries and manufactures -do ; but this the wheat-growers looks upon as drudgery, and his soul abhors it. Hour many - wheat-growers homesteads does one see that : have been established for years that have , no signs of any attempt ~ at the formation of a garden- or orchard — without the ghost of a vegetable, a flower, or a- fruit tree to administer to their own comfort or necessi ties. It would be as reasonable to expect -to gather grapes off thorns and figs off thistles, as to expect men who are too slothful to exert themselves for their own welfare to do so for the public good. I was recently told by a gentleman 'who was formerly a member of a survey party camped in a locality theyJ_Tirere likely to occupy for several months, that they . roughly fenced a plot of ground' with scrub and planted a variety of vegetables and brought a number of fowls with them, and that wheat- growers who had been settled in the neighborhood for years actually came to them to obtain vegetables and eggs. One would have thought a sense of shame of their in dolence would have prevented them. But because wheat-growers are too indolent and slothful to produce butter, cheese, hams, bacon, potatoes, vegetables, or fruit?, it is no reason that therefore the public should not give some encouragement and protection to the industrious and intelligent ' farmer,' pro perly so-called of the south and south-eastern part of the colony, who has given a good price for his land, and honestly paid for it too, and has devoted his time and energies to the culti vation of the articles I have named and others of a like nature, and has enriched himself and the colony as 15 or 20 is to one in proportion to the area occupied as compared with these northern areas wheat-growers, many of whom, from what can be gathered from remarks re ported to be made at someof their meetings, ap^ pearto be retired or superannuated storekeepers, . undertakers, or what Americans call 'bag- men,' and probably are as well qualified t» pro l»rly cultivate the soil as I am to fulfil the duties of an archbishop, with possibly the ex ception of the undertaker, who has had some experience of putting things under the soil in ' the hope of a glorious resurrection.' But a further confirmation of the 'false pretences' by which the public has been plundered of its estate by these wheat-growers, and an illustra tion of shameless impudence and ingratitude is contained in the assertion of one of their cham pions, that those occupied in other industries ' are nothing to them'^fchatintheir 'gracious condescension' they sell us 'a little of their produce as a favor — merely to oblige us !' One can only wonder if the man who could pen such a statement can be aware that the perpetiators of offences more venial against sound morality, of far less turpitude against private property, have been sentenced to im prisonment and hard labor I The champions of free- trade are very glib with the assertion — 'All protection means robbing somebody.' It is very apparent that the sooner the ' robbery' of the public estate under 'false pretences,' supplemented by insolence and effrontery, in consequence of the 'protection' to the wheat grower against the squatter and the capitalist is put a stop to the better, otherwise when the 1888 leases fall in these wheat-growers -will probably tor the nonce assume a less arrogant demeanor, and in meek and beseeching words implore further 'protection' to enable them to 'combine pastoral and dairy farming with agriculture' until they have acquired the fee-simple of the land, when no doubt we shall again be told we 'are nothing to them,' ' the world is their market, and that it is only out of 'gracious con descension' that they sell us their produce 'merely to oblige us;' but I trust the old proverbs ' Onceoitten, twice shy' and 'Fore- warned is fore-armed' will receive some little attention from the people and Parliament of South Australia. If wheat- growers want to be relieved of their selections let them surrender. But don:t allow them to be again taken up upon the absurd terms that they have hitnerto been; let them be leased, but leased only, not sold; and before 1SSS I hope and trust public opinion will prevent a single acre of the public estate being alienated to wheat-growers pv any other man. Another grand idea enunciated at a wheat growers' meeting was the repeal of the poll tax upon Chinese so that wheat-growers 'might obtain laborers at 3d. per day ;V-as a quid pro quo as it was termed tor increased duties proposed_ by the Tariff Revision Asso ciation. That is to say, supposing a wheat grower now employs three men at £1 per week, the incidence of an increased scale of Customs' duties of from 5 to 10 per cent., sup posing it increased his expenditure by .that amount, which it will not, would necessitatehis reducing his expenditure for labor from £3 to 4s. 6d. per week, or a difference of £144 6s. per annum. Does a wheat-grower who employs' three men upon his selection expend £1,443 per annum upon dutiable goods? Yet that is what this amounts to, and if he does not, what Knee is there in representing an industry tfcat has been ' fostered' and ^protected' to the tune of millions of pounds sterling out of the public revenue and estate as incapable of paying more than 3d. per day for a man's labor, because of a trifling increase of Customs duties, which as a free-trade candi date has demonstrated in some instances has reduced the price of the article protected ? If lie inference which this wheat-grower's speech suggests and justifies has any foundation in feet, it most unmistakably demonstrates that the wheat-growing industry can only be ex tended at the expense of the welfare and estate of the public, and that any further ' conces sions,' 'fostering,' or ' protection ' will only ''result in the impoverishment of the colony generally. — I am, &c;, ? LIBRA. 