ECHOES OF PALL MALL, roost a correspondent. j LONDON, 24th July. a ho proceedings of Parliament aro utterly devoid of interest, except iu so far as thoy tend to afford a cine to tho tactics which aro likely to bo adoptod by tho respcctivo political parties at tho general election. Indications are looked for, but thoy aro few in number and not very rucia. Ono thing is certain — that tho Conservatives will play the part of Opportu nists without much regard to thoir party tradi tions and superstitions. Thoy have already gone over to tho Parnollitcs without securing tbeir support. More developments will follow, and thero aro n good many surprises in store. On the other hand, Liberals, or some of them, are deluding themselves with tho idea that tho union of Whigs and Radicals may bo per petuated. This is not likoly to bo realised. The union is only possiblo in two ways, and these, aro only bypothctically possible. The Whigs will bo delighted to re ceive the Radicals, provided tbey turn Whigs, and if the Whigs will only turn Radicals thoy wlli bo received into tho Radical ranks. One of tho papers declares that tho union of the Liberals is quite possiblo, but when it proceeds to au oxplaiutiou it is found that the idea is to unite all the Radical forces to drive the IV higs into tiro arms of tire Conservatives. The plan may provo successful, hut tho result will certainly not be a restoration of the union. It is difficult to seo how the fight can be anything else llinn a triangular duel. Iu Irclaud the issuo will he less complicated, but this simplicity will only last till tbo elections aro over. VV hen tho Nationalists meet the other three parties the confusion will be diro. Almost any complication of parties will be possible. Even the Tories may unite with the Radicals, Iratthey nrc more likely to como to tonus with the | Whigs. The present Government is not likely | to have a long life,' but that of the next may be qui to as brief. When tho news of fho death of tho Mahdi first arrived nobody believed it; now, every body docs. Tho cvideuco is by no means con clusive, but it is convenient to speculate upon its absolute truth. At a glance, tho event looks like a lucky windfall to tho new Government, but it is questionable if it is regarded in that light by them, for they will now have to formu late a policy of their own, which uiny bo a more difficult task than tliat of merely carrying out tbo designs of their predecessors. Tho difficulties in tho way of raising tho now loan, too, havo been easily overcome, seemingly unolUcr lump oi luck, but it remains to be seen whether the advautago has not been purchased by sumo sacrifice to tho powers previously playing tbo part of obstruc tives. Thero is always room for a suspi cion of the kind in snch matters. Tho now policy should certainly provide for ono thing — the retention of Suakim. It will bo a valuable possession, aud all tho more so becauso tho natives have shown that ihoy are possessed of " grit." Tho price paid for it has been high, but, for that very reason it may bo retained with a clear con science. If Osmau Digna should don tiro mantle which has fallen from tho Mahdi 's shoulders, he will have an opportunity of trying to regain tho prestigo which his many defeats around Suakim had somewhat famished. But neither ho nor tho Mahdi were fond of exposing thcmsclvos to tho risk of being sent to Para dise by a stray shot — a circumstance which shows that their own faith in Diviuo protec tion was not very deep. A good deal of non sense has been tittered about the death of tho Mahdi by small-pox affording a proof to his followers that be must have been an impostor. Faith is not so easily shaken, '"and little acci dents of that sort are easily explained where there is a clear motive for doing so. If the re volt subsides it will be for other reasons. Tho future of South Africa has been, dur ing tho last year or two, looked upon with anxiety and even distrust. The prospect now looks clearer. Tho occupation of Bechuauu- land by au English commissioner with a suffi cient force to give emphasis to his decisions has settled a great many questions It lias put a stop to any more " trekking" to tho west of the TruuBvunl ; has emboldened Metabole to adopt a similar policy ou tho north ; has cut off the Germans at Angra Paquima from throwing out liues of communication with the Eoera across couutry, anil has thus put everything and ovorybody in their proper places. Tho stationing of a vessel of war ut St. Lucia Bay has servod as a warning to tho Boers that they aro no longer to> go on filching territory from tho Zulus. The luto Government deservo credit for initiating those strokes of policy, al though so long as Lord Derby was ut tho Colo nial Office there was always a danger of his yieldiug on some sido or another. Whether his successor will do better remains to bo seen, but it is scarcely possiblo that ho can do worse. Ono of the most beneficial results is the strengthening of public opinion at the Cape, where people's faith in tho advantages of the English connection was beginning to waver. It is not to bo supposed that tho Itocrs of the Transvaal nre particularly well pleased with the course affairs are taking, but tlioy are more likely to exhaust their contentiousness iu grumbling at their own Government than in getting up communities to make themselves troublesome to their neigh bors outside tbeir borders. Such interual communities are certainly very disad vantageous situated for their own comfort. Thoy canuot ohtuin assistance by tea, and they havo to encounter a difficulty iu raising a reveuuo through tho custom house They are tlius compelled to levy direct taxes, which are always unpleasant, and particularly to tho Boer, whose nature rebels ngaiust tho exaction of (axes in any form. When the Boer finds himself hemmed in on all sides, face to fuce with his own collectors of revenue, lie will begin to ask himself whether, after all, the pleasures of self- government arc worth its drawbacks, and he will be apt to fall iuto the samo way of thinking ns he was in when ho quictlv gavo up his independence to Sir Theo- pltilus Shopslone. Tito result will not bo the same in tho future as it was then; but it is quito likely that ho will become suffi ciently purified to seo the advautago of living on tlio best terms possiblo with the English and the natives. He may even go so far as to admit the advisability of joining with other South Africans in a confederation of the colonies nud states. It is certain that the Boers of tho Ornugo Freo Stato are already well disposed to join such a confra ternity. It should he a very easy thing to perpetuate the present Etate of affairs tho only thing no dful being to hold firmly every inch that has been gained, and be careful not to relax tho grasp iu which the various contend ing interests aro now held. Snch a policy will bo by for the cheapest iu tbo end, aud in no other way can the shedding of blood bo minimised. For twelve months or more after tho ac quisition of Cyprus, it was assiduously de nounced as a pest- house. It is now in regular use as a sanatorium for tho troops from Suakim and Upper Egypt. When an nouncing the acquisition, Lord Bcncousfleld described it as a " place of arms," and tho very last act of tho late Government was to send the Guards there from all Alexandria. If tho ghost of the Conservative leader ever revisits tho glimpses of tho moon it must feel appeased by a good many things that have happened lately. Beaconsfield was anything but a great man, but he Jiad sagacity. Gladstone is really a great man, bnt he is deficient in the lesser quulity possessed in abundance by his opponent. It is a pity that there is no process for tho amal gamation of snch diverse characteristics. A very spiteful ntlack has been made by tho A 'tw York Herald upon the Kongo Freo State, and infcientially upon Air. Stanley, tho King of tho Belgians, and the International Association. The State is a " vast swindle," and of ronrso thoy mnst be swindlers who are managing it. Three-fourths of tho money sub scribed has been improperly spont, cfhbezzled perhaps. Tho mortality in the splendid climato depicted by M.. Stanloy is de scribed as appalling, tho hardships nndergono by tho Europeans havo boen torriblo and un necessary, and tho outlook is regarded as threatening. All thoso things may bo truo, and yet they may amonnt to very little. Indeed they havo been already related by Mr. Stanley himself. Ho has told us about the mortality and tho number of Europeans invalided, but ho still has faith in tho salnbriousacss of tho climate far inland. Ho has never said that it is good every where, under nil circumstances, and it may be that thoso who suffered most from it had themselves to hiame for at least some of thoir misfortunes. Somo allowance should always bo mado for tho enthusiasm of leaders tempting them to exaggerate, aud they are only simpletons who aro deceived by glow ing word painting. Mr. Stanley has himself told us of tho improper waste of money, for on ono occasion when he returned from a visit to Europo he found that ono of his steamers was gone, nnd the treasury empty, hut if this was a theft it was Mr. Stanley, tho King of tho Belgians, and the Association who were tlio victims, not tho thieves. Tho mau who is gorotted is not the ruffian. Tho New York Herald has made a mistake. It accuses somebody or everybody of suppressing theso matters; but they are not suppressed. There is, it seeins, a system of secrecy enforced. This may be so, and yet there may bo nothing wrong. Diplomacy is guarded by secreev, and even tho new State must diplomatise. Tho Bnrssells offico is accused of puffing tho enterprise. Be it so. This is what most offices of associations do. That is their function — tho end for which they nre appointed. It is tho duty of tho public to bo uubelioring. The International Association ami tho Kongo Stato may be no better than other associations and states, but that is no reason why they should not be treated with tho courtesy that is duo to all such enterprises. The A'eif York Herald has had tls infor mation from liie contents of a confidential letter from Africa — tho very worst authority that can bo conceived. Thero is, very likely, a good many reasons why the Kongo Freo State and everything connected with it should bo viewed with distrust, and yet each of its managers may bo individually honest. Tho confidential letter chiefly blames Mr. Stanloy for all that is wrong, and declares that it is his duty at onco to clear himself from tho charge of complicity in a "fraud." This is really too bad of the Herald , and it will find that the public gene rally will be disposed to place more relianco ou tho word of Air. Stanley than on that of the confidential correspondent. A rumor i3 current that tho Russians aro making arrangements with tho Government of Korea for tho occupation of Quelpart, a largo island lying to tho south of the Korean Penin sula. As a preliminary, the Russiaus Iuto expressed their willingness to seud officers to drill the Korean army, aud it is even added that the offer has been accepted. There is a clumsiness about this story that repels credouce. It lacks the ele ment of likelihood, and is defective in the absence of any assignable reason for the move ment. The Koreans aro not fools, and any allegation which impugns their wariness against falling into a trap should be well au thenticated before it can ho accepted as verit able. Tho vutnor mnst acquire moro coherence before it can bo credited. Tho Indian aud Colonial Exhibition of 1886 is, taking time, distance aud accidents into ac count, near at lmnd. Tlio Royal Coinmis- i sionersarc, or ought to be, very busily at work with their preparations, and it is to bo hoped that the reproscni olives of the various colo nies aro on tho qui vt're. Tho council of tho Royal Horticultural Society, not a day too soon, have notified their readiness to lend as sistance and co-operation to any colony de sirous of profiting by their advice and help. Some of tho colonics have, it seems, already expressed a desire to exhibit illustrations of the flora indigenous to their territories, und tho council is prepared to assist ull of them to do the same, as well as to give advice aud practical assistance in preparing and arranging collections of ornamental aud economic plants in a growing stale. With these ends in view the'colonia commissioners are invited to communicate with the assistant secretary and tho superin tendent of the Society's Gardeus, in order that the necessary steps may bo taken. Whether there is time to make an effective j show of this kind it is for tho colonists them- 1 selves to determine. Of courso all this bus already been made known to them by tele graph. and it is only noticed hero becanse it is advisable to err ou tho side of giving moro publicity than is nocossary, rather than to fall into tho mistake of giving too little. It would not ho a surprise to hear lliat Bis marck is by this timo thoroughly disgusted with his two earliest colonial acquisitions — Angra Pcqucua and tho Kamcroons. Thcv are ugly, misshapen brats, and do not grow a. bit. He will never bo ublo to bring them up so as to be a credit to him. Even the German papers publish letters from fho Ktuncroons containing complaints of the way in which enormous quantities of Germau spirits of tho very worst quality, if not absolutely poisonous, are imported into the colouy, and do riot conceal tho fact that the effects of the traffic on the natives are ruinous. What has bccorno of all the beneficent clauses of tlio docu ment drawn up by the colonial confcrccco at Berlin? 