ÏHe fluitiattd Mercury * ItaTäMDAT, August 20, 1SS5. THE HMStZTÁT, PAEtkEiJEEKir. "ÎTjïe session of ,tbe Parliament of the ¡Empire which was closed by the delivery of the .Queen's speech, given elsewhere ia perhaps the,moBt memorable aeBBiion. of a Parliament which must ever be met aerable. The Long Parliament with its cheque tred career of action nnd.cicissitude, thoConvc mtion which 'Called "William the Third to the i ihrone, the tParlia ment-whioh passed the first Keform Act, were, «ach in its special waj, agen ta which impressed a character on the governi itesit of England. The Parliament uow-moribi. ind has done like-' wise. .,It has so enlarged th a basie of govern- , ment, ¿hat the new/ House of Commons will , be-for the first time an , »lenosfc complete representation of the pe opie of Great1 , Britain. The government waa substan- tially the government of a 'democracy , before. ¿Under the. Franchi as Aet-of 188a. and. the Redistribution Act oí 1885 the democracy has obtained weh I nigh the full power of its numbers, ¿he tri: te sovereign of' of England has been relievi !<£ of certain fetters. That has been the main work of this Parliament, which now Hays down its functions. It is the last of th e Parliaments -elected under a restricted fra dobies, which vjet was wide compared with t tat which the people enjoyed during the fírBt q carter of bhe present century. The House of Commons which recurs to the people wi is peculiarly J£r. Gladstone's House. It wa a called hie House in the technical political sei ne,, as being a-House containing a majority o f hie party, the Liberal party. But it was re »ally his, in ! tho-aense of being the creature of a popular ; y"***r- enthusiasm aroused by the »torm o E his filid r lothian oratory. And as he cn sated the House eo he dominated it by his1 vigorous personality almoBt to the last. I le passed the¡ Irish Land Act, and to his ev ergy and pertinacity is due the extension of electoral power which the .measures above nu »ntioaed confer. These are the principal retraits of the session which opened on October 23. It is true ihe Franchise Act and the Eedxstrifeu lion Act are the fruit of a mutual under- standing- between parties. Bot-the G-overn ,ment held the whip »hand of the Conserra ftives, and was under no obligation, except rthe obligation of prudence and common ^fionse, to give way. Ohe question was no pxrty quecfcion: it waa purely a national question : but the Conservatives viewed it as a party question till thej saw they must suc- cumb to the inevitable. ' ,Bjr a singular fate, tho Minister whose creation the, House of Commons was ¿3 not -now the Minister who act« as chief adviser to the Sovereign. The speech irom the Throne -is therefore the work of a statesman vlo was the opponent and the keen critic of much of ithe policy referred to. But that is the rassit <of ? the. peculiar position of affair«. The Salis- bury Government is a provisional Adminis "tiation. IX could do nothing in Parliament bat neceBg&rj; work, because it was dependent for existence on the goodwill of a majority of .theparty which is normally hostile io it. Its charter for continuance has yet to be received from the nation. As we have .already taken occasion to say, the .leaders will not.be permitted by the nation to ¡adhere to the policy of reticence which cir- cumstances and prudence hitherto alike dictated. They must ppeak out, with some- thing like detail. We all hope the new electorate will use its power with sobriety. Bat it cannot use it with discernment i£ materials for judgment are withheld. The Speech is necessarily vague in its bearing upon the future. But, in two im- portant particulars, it holds language very similar to that which the late Prime Minister would have put into the mouth of her Majesty. Mr. Gladstone would have praised the bravery of our troops and the skill of their commander, and would lave alluded to the actual and promised help given by the colonies to the Empire. That the expedition to Khartoum, in spite of failure in its main object, tried the English Boldier and proved him to be worthy of the best traditions of the army, is unquestionable. Either party can without hesitation recognise , the fact. Bnt Mr. Gladstone would hare enid there is to be no relaxation of efforts to ÖBtabüsfr prder io Egypt and found a atable J ¡ rit» government. That has been his aim all] along. He may have taken the wrong way to I accomplish it: his worthiest and most siDCere supporter« think he did take the wrong way. Yet his avowed opponent*, who are now in power, never indicated clearly the policy they would persue. They must .do so naw, even if the disclosure should indicate a reversal of sentiment as complete as they perpetually charged upon the late Govern- ment. Lord Randolph Churchill, who very ingeniously enumerated the various'policies of the Gladstone Administration, has been ntrtoriousry chamsleon-like in his own views ; and, as to that Egypt which his chief now tell« the nation is to be the Bubject of a a relaxing efforts for the establishment of order and stability in government, he was not long ago counselling its évacuation altogether by Eng- land. Politicians would often rojoioe, we imagine, if a kindly river of îjethe flowed over all utterances which rise like ghosts from the grava of the past, to convict them of inconsistency. Adequate defence of the north-west frontier of" India is a part of the Liberal policy, too, which the nation will -endorse. The late Government had seen, as clearly aa -Lord Salisbury sees it, that by the -advance of Russia England has ceased to be an insular Power, and ie bound to take such steps for frontier defence as are imposed on continental nations. The country will, however, look to Ministers for an exposi- tion of the term u adequate." Answers to the question of what is adequate may embrace the discussion of alternative policies. - So far as we can judge, the Liberal policy is the preferable one, having regard to all'the cir- cumstances, i In this case, however, as the difference 'is in detail, the chances are that the Conservatives will adopt the Liberal view in its entirety. But in this case,'too, they must speak out. Critics of the Government will admit that it has been restrained in its action, has re- frained from initiating any startling changes, has supplied none of the prophesied - sensa- tions. There is a .politic omission from the Speech. Kot a word is said about Ireland, The fact that it is tranquil is taken for granted, just as it is taken for granted that Scotland or England are tranquil. This attitude of the Government to Ireland is consistent with its reliance upon the ordinary law in that country, The circumstances differ. Ministers say, from those which prevailed in .1380. Of course it is manifest that in pros- pect of the general election Ireland is to be conciliated. She may reciprocate, but that ?will depend. If Lord Salisbury can hit upon a method of doing justice to the sister island, of gratifying the reasonable desires of her people, and at same tims doing no injury tq the Empire, all subjects of the Empire may rejoice. What his designs are remain to be disclosed, but in July, addressing a Conserva-, tive gathering, he claimed for the Tomes a persistent activity .in .the spread of ithe .doctrine of self- government. 