The Great Autumn Handicaps. By Newmarket, In England, long ago, there lived a certain agriculturist named Hobson, who kept a stable of country horses for the use of his friends. One condition, however, that this ebeerfnl son of the soil imposed was, that those requiring a horse should take the one next the door. The object of this arrange ment, it was stated, was to prevent one horse from doing more work than another. As the selection of the equestrian friends of the good-natured farmer was confined to this principle, the expression " Hohson's choice " originated. In reviewing Mr. Barnard's adjustment of the principal handi caps of what is now understood as the "baok end" of the racing season, I am muoh in the same position as Hohson's friends. Gommeneing, therefore, with the Newmarket Handicap, and taking Malua as the horse nearest the metaphorical stable door, I find that the by no means modest impost of 10sc 41b has been allotted to the brilliant and versatile Tasmanian, or 41b leas than that awarded to Fryingpan for last year's Newmarket Handi cap. In that event, however, it mast be remembered that the lowest weight was 6st 71b, while the minimum for the contest under notice is 71b less. Still, Malua is such an undoubted flyer, and has won all his raoes with bo much in hand, that it is difficult to tali howreally capable heis ; and as Commotion, over a course of twice the distance, and oonse. quently so much more against the top nClUVO) UIDpiAJDU QUUU Ullttlkgu oupciiuilbj over the light division in the Midsummer Handicap, it cannot be said that Mr. Barnard has been harsh in his present treatment of Mr. Inglis's. horse. Indeed, keeping in mind the brilliant victories achieved by the son of St. Albans, he might have well been awarded a few ponnds more. It must not be inferred by the foregoing that I am desirous of seeing a good horse weighted out of all handicaps, but if Fryingpan was held to be capable of carrying 10st 81b, surely Malua onght to be able to do the same. The rnmohrvthat he is amiss, for abght that is known, may be all moonshine, and it is not at all unlikely that we shall see him figure at Flemington next month in his best form. Insnch acase, if it suits the interests of his party, I do not re gard the great sbort-distanee handicap of the V.R.C. beyond his capabilities. When oon- eedins 31b to last Year's winner.- Le Grand. w . 9 9 after getting away badly, ran a desperate second, but though he now meets the Canlr field horse op 111b better terms, I do not think he will be able to tarn the tables on him. Le Grand has been rather nnfortnnate since he left Monsghan's charge, : and as he fell the other day and injured his knees, I doubt whether he will be quite himself on the day. Without entering into a lengthy analysis of the candidates, I may state that ' those which, appear to me to possess the best ohanoes are Malua, Arohie, Soldier Boy, Dirk Hatteraick, Middlemareh, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake,' Claptrap, !' Alphabet, Xantippe, and Bohemian. With regard to the Australian Gup, I in cline to the chances of Warwick, Rotas, Hilltop, Bingwood, and Despot, 