A Useful -Work of Refer ence, A yodng society raau is preparing a pri vate directory for the use of his fel low toilers in the San Francisco drawing rooms. It is to be entitled, " Gills I know, and How to interest Thorn." An extract will give an idea of the plan on which tho work is constructed : Lethe A.—Read up on llowors. Bo strong on Marechal Neil roses. Dose her with tulips; anecdotes of early violets. Bud-destroying frosts highly acceptable. Maggie B.—Books; novels of sensa tion. Head up "Leavenworth Case." " House on the Marsh," and •' Groat Portor Square Mystery." Hint about mysterious murders soon to be made public. Harrow htr. Moggie don't give a cent for anyone who can't harrow her. Ghost experience xu deserted churchyard always acceptable. Plenty of blood and spooks. Sadie C.—Poetry. Givo her Tennyson. Compare her to Clara Vote do Vere. Give her a few stanzas of " Locksley Hall." Go light on Maud" and " Idyls of the King." Stick to tho lyrics. Tell her she. reminds you of "Elaine " or " Vivian," and wish you were '• Merliu." Alice D.—Lawn tenuis. Run down croquet, Alice has snide ankles. Mamie E.—Scandal. Don't bo afraid of going too far. Mainie will stand most anything. Give it to the widows. Mamie hates widows. Was cut out once by a widow and engagement spoiled. Say widows ought to bo banished from the society of unmarried people and put on a reservation. Tho harder you lean on the widows the more Mamie will like you. Akkie F.—Platonics; brotherly lovo ; abhorrence of flirtation. Lay it on strong. Mourn for a sister that died in her cradle. Annie will cotton to you at once. Say you wish you bad a sister like her. The odds are she'll invite you to lovo her as a sis ter. Don't refuse invitation to lunch. Old F.'e claret can't bo boat, and there's always a chance for a email bit of fizz. Kittie S.—Be rompish. Squeeze her haud. Kittie likes fellows with no non sense about them. If you don't manage to kiss her before you go, she'll set you down as a muff, and you needn't call again. Hug her every chance you get. Don't mentionB's name; he pitied Kittie. The advantages of this work to tho aw, so-aw ciety mutton-heads are simply in calculable. 