THE GENERAL'S DILEMMA. | CHAPTER VI. — ( Continued .) Fred Paskins hud listened to the conversa tion without making any remark, but at its conclusion lie looked at Amy, whose face flushed under his steady gaze. The young fellownaturally supposed that she had divined his thoughts, which, like those of Mr. Clement, hail turned upon tho possibility of Mr. We it- ' wood's having played an unworthy part on j that memorable night more than three weeks: previously. But Amy, knowing as she did ' the real purport of the gentleman's visit to ! Lynworth, had not followed the train of | thought which had been suggested to the , minus or uie two Keepers. ; Her confusion arose from a widely different source. She was thinking that her lather and | Fred were going out where danger lurked, and for the first time she was unuble to appeal to 'the latter as in the old days. Her annoyance at the emotion she had displayed caused her to speak quite coldly to Fred as he went out. She had no idea that his pulses were throbbing wildly with excitement as he whispered in lin ear— 'Do not trust him too far, Amy, until you know more about him.' ' How dare you sp:jak so 1' she exclaimed, angrily. 'Do you think every man who does not feel disposed to give an account of him self to you is necessarily a villain?' Fred made no reply, but he gave her one reproachful look, which had the effect of making her wretched for the remainder of the evening. A greater unhappiness was destined to come upon her, however, before the night was over. The young and ardent lover whom she had so unintentionally misled was carried home, not wounded, as Mr. Westwood had been, by fire arms, but by a fall against the trunk of a tree. Amy Clement never knew how she spent that 1 night, nor the anxious days which' followed, during which Dr. Brettle shook his head when asked how the poor young fellow progressed. 'It is a nasty wound, that on his head,' the doctor would say, ' and somehow the poor . lad seems in a bad way. Has he complained . of feeling unwell lately ?' ? ? But no one seemed aware that Fred had had any ailment, although old Molly expressed her belief that during the last few days he had not eaten enough food ' to keep life in a mouse.' . Mr. Westwood would have felt that lie was a nuisance in the little household during that sad time had not Molly allowed liim to sit by the bed of the unconscious sufferer when she ' herself was unable to remain there. It was in this way that the gentleman learned the nature of Fred Paskius's feelings towards him. At first he was unable to understand the disconnected sentences in which the poor fellow entreated Amy to be careful- -to consider that he had loved her long before the 'stranger' came, to remember that Mr. Westwood's antecedents were quite unknown to her or her father. But by degrees the whole of poor Fred's delusion was made clear to the astonished man, and the moment that he mastered the meaning of the broken sentences Mr. West wood began to wonder how it would be pos sible to rectify matters. 'This unhappy young fellow helped to save my life, and has, by so doing, caused sorrow to himself. I see it all now. He knows that Amy and I have had a long conversation, and he is jealous. That poor child 1ms suffered too. Sho looks like a ghost wandering about the house. I wonder if they are engaged, and if the old man approves of the match ?' His eyes rested on the feverish face of the young keeper iwith infinite pity, and he re Sjtv sPeil'c plainly to Amy Clement on subject. Accordingly that evening when Molly was ^ attendance on Fred, and Amy was seated with her face buried in her hands near the smouldering embers on the kitchen hearth, -w Westwood sought her there. The girl was buried in painful thought, but Mr ears were alive to every sound, and, as Mr. yvestwood's slow step fell softly on the stone noor, she starfcdft to her feet. 'May I sit down for d few minutes?' ho 'used, gently, as he noticed the' pallor on the j fair face. '1 want to talk to yoti, Miss Amy, about our sick friend.' There was no reply to this remark ; but as Mr. Westwood sat on the settle, Amy's heavy eyes looked questiouingly at liitn. ' It seems to ine, fr.jm what I have heard from his own lips, that by some means he has arrived at wrong conclusions respecting my self.' ' Oh ! sir,' Amy said, earnestly, ' do not lot anything lie may say now causj you to blame him. He h is perhaps mentioned what would never have escaped him had he been conscious.' ' Tlia1-- is just it, my de ir Miss Amy ; but still I am convinced that he speaks from his heart. Will you lie candid with me, and tell me if he has said anything which showed that he was annoyed at what he supposed to be my partiality for you ?' Mr. Westwood asked, quietly. ' Please do not blame him,' the girl re turned, while her face flushed hotly, and tears rose to her eye*. ' Mo thinks -I mean he thought — ho was doing his duty to me, who am as a sister to liim. Indeed, Mr. West wood, he only fancied very foolishly that you were making yourself too pleasant, and that I might be silly enough to believe that you were in earnest.' Here her voice, which had become low and unste.ulv, recovered as she went on — ' But it was all in his anxiety to do a brother's part towards me, and you really must not blame him at all for doing his duty, or what he thought to be such.' ' Certainly not,' Mr. Westwood said, emphatically. 'Indeed, I blame no one but myself. But, my dear child — pardon me if I have erred — but I really thought that there was a stronger link between yourself and him. You have never said in so many words that you were engaged to him, but I had inferred as much somehow.' 'Indeed, Mr. Westwood ! And may 1 ask how, or in what manner, you have drawn such an inference ?' Amy spoke in cold tones, which strongly contrasted with her former manner. 'Nay, dear child, do not be angry; [ am trying to serve you. 1 cannot tell how I got the impression — from his manner and your own, I suppose. At any rate jl heard liim speak of you in such terms as can leave no doubt in my mind that you are more than a sister to him.' Amy was trembling from head to foot, but she only looked with yearning eyes at the speaker, who went on steadily — ' He said that if the 'stranger1 — meaning myself — would, satisfy him that ho was worthy of you he would make no sign — ' My darling Amy must never know that she is so dear to me. If she can be 'nappy with him she shall never know that Fred Paskins had hoped to win her.' So, Miss Amy, I was not mistaken respecting him if T have been regarding you.' To Mr. Westwood's astonishment she burst into tears. For some minutes she seemed un able to speak. Then she lifted her tear-stained face. 'I thought he did not love me,' she said, brokenly. 'I did not think he cared — and I have been utterly wretched. I sent him away from me with anger, scornful words ; aud, oh 1 Mr. Westwood, if he dies I shall never bo happy again.' ' My dear,' the gentleman said, gravely, ' let us put'an end to this deception. Let us explain everything to your father, who has as yet no means of judging my conduct. Your lover's words - he is your lover, say what you will — may arouse suspicion In the meantime lot us hope that the life so dear to many may be spared. I had a note from Miss Charles worth to-day which has emboldened me to hope great things from the general. I am going now to explain tho position I am in to Mr. Clement. Will you come to, or shall I report to you afterwards ?' Amy had liu wish to hear what passed in the sitting-room. She could only think at pre sent of the wondrous tidings she had heard. She had no.v no doubt of Fred's love for her. She could recall innumerable instances iu which his affection had displayed itself. Tears of thankfulness r.iined down her face until tho saddened reflection came that her durlin' was still in great danger. ° Molly cauie downstairs just then. '1 declare,' she exclaimed, ' the lad's clean daft 1 If ho hasn't tojk it into his 'ead as Mr. VVestwool wants to marry you! We must suo as tho gentleman don't go up again while ! lie t ilks like chat,' Molly added, mixing up her soutences in a bewildering manner. ' Just you listen out for four anything happens, while I go and put on a clean gown before the doctor comes.' Amy did as desired. She sat on the step of Fred's liitln room for same minutes. Then she heard the voice she loved crying piteously — ?'Slse is my Amy ; do not take her from me.' ^ That was till. There was silence, unbroken till Molly's return. Then Amy had the satis faction ; of , hearing that the restlessness had given place to sleep: She went softly to her ruo:n and'prayed that that might; indeed be the beginning of better things. * *' * * * * * 'That poor young fellow has been rambling a good deal to-day,' Mr. Westwood began, by way of introducing the subject to Mr. Clement, who had come in to take a cup of tea. ' Poor Fred !' Mr. Clement said, sadly. ' lie is as good a lad as one need wish to see, and to think o!' this happening to him ! If I could have chos°n I would willingly have taken his place I am an old man, and have not many years before me in which I can work, while he in young, strong, and competent to take my place.' ' But your children — you have them to think of,' suggested Mr. Westwood. 'Yes ; I have them; but they will soon be able to manage without me. As for Amy, I believe she will be Fred's wife, if his life is spared ; so that she will live on here and look after things. I hope and trust the poor lad will live for all our sakes, and above all for Amy's.' ; ' Do you know, Mr. Clement, I have been rather startled to-day at some expressions which he used. In some unaccountable way he seems to imagine that I am trying to win your daughter's love.' The keeper looked up from his plate, laid down his knife and fork, and then said — 'I'm sure tho poor lad could not mean it, sir. Folks do sny unreasonable things when they are so ill. You mustn't notice his words, sir.' ' And yet, Mr. Clement, I have been iuduced to take one step which I intended to I postpone. I wish, with your permission, to tell you who and what I am. May I do so?' ' Certainly sir ; but I hope you do not think that I want to pry into what don't concern nie.' ' You have given me sufficient proof of your good feeling to prevent me from forming such an opinion,' was tiie reply. 'I am going to speak of my own free will, but I must preface my remarks by observing thai at present I ' wish to have my story kept from the public.' The re isons will soon be obvious to you.' ' I am by birth an American. My mother was an Englishwoman and my father an Italian. I remember living in a style that was almost luxurious when I was a child, for j my father was then iu the zenith of his i popularity as a public singer. He was skilled j in instrumental as well as vocal music, and j must have realised a very considerable income in those days. But my mother never seemed j to be a happy . woman, although she was ' devotedly attached to my father — indeed, I j believe had she loved liim less it would have i | been better for her, for there never seemed to 1 be the slightest disposition on his part to pay her the attention which was her clue. I knew she hungered for loving words from liim. Sho betrayed as much often and often when she imagined I was too young to heed her passion ate weeping. ' Very early I displayed considerable skill in my father's beloved art. He would listen with delight to tho efforts of my childish voice. Then he would bid me to refrain from using the gift which I possessed, and beg of me to practice diligently on the numerous instru ments which formed part of the furniture in our various rooms. ' It was after one of these exhortations that my mother and father had a serious quarrel. In general, indifference was the chief characteristic of the treatment which my mother experienced, but on this occasion there was a more brutal exhibition. 'The cause of the quarrel, I afterwards found, was my mother's protest against roy facher's avowed intention of making me a public singer. ' 1 He shall not be ruined by such a life as you lead,' I heard my mother say. ' Were you away from the influence of the public halls you might still display some of the love which you once professed for me. I will have my way in this. My son shall not become a professional singer.' ' My mother had always appeared to be a meek, unresisting sort of woman, and this display of spirit enraged my father, who struck her a violent blow, swearing as he did so that he would show her how little her words were worth. My childish heart rose in hot rebellion against the man who had raised his hand against the mother whom I lovel with all my heart. ' ' Mamma,' I said, 'I will be whatever you please,' and I crossed to where she had sunk on a couch. ' Papa is a bad man to ill-use you so. I will not try to obey him.' ' This exhibition of spirit would have pleased him had it been displayed in a different cause. As it was, however, it enraged him beyond measure. He would have visited his anger upon me, but fortunately one of the leading female stars of his popular company arrived in time to prevent further outrage. My mother remained in the room until her husband went out with the professional lady, although I know now that she hated her with a bitter jealous hatred. ' When we were alone my mother said to me, 'My son, you said you would be what I wish, so you will endeavour to become a good and true man. I know a gentleman who, for the sake of someone we both know, will help me, I mean to ask him to obtain for me a situation as companion to a lady. I can then pay for your education. We shall leave here shortly my dear, and never return. If people ask you your name you must never own that you are the son of Signor Romelli. You were christened by my mother's maiden name, we will use that.' From that time I have been called Lyn Westwood, although I also can lay claim to that of Romelli. 'The gentleman to whom my mother applied in her extremity was an Englishman, formerly an officer in the army. He was instrumental in providing my mother a situation in which her knowledge of English society manners was her chief recommendation. Her duties were to make a lady of a girl whose father had as cumulated a fortune. ' For the services which she willingly undertook sho received a very liberal salary, so that she was enabled to . pay for my education. (To be Continued.) 