Echoes from the Bash. By 'Tingo.' Mrs. Snapper's age is somewhere near thirty, and she agitated her lord and master one even ing by saying 'she would like to learn dancing.' 'You would, would you !' warbled Snapper, while his eyes became as green as peas. ' What long-haired fiddler has turned your brain now? or is it a dancing master on strike, that deluded you into believing you could wear out shoes in a ball-room ?' ' Mrs. Snapper assured him there were no fiddlers or dancing masters connected with the affair, but she thought he could teach her.' ' Mrs. Snapper ! 'I admire your selection, in my gay young days, I was considered good on the light fantastic.' ' ' Yes, Mrs. Snapper, you display good taste when] you select ' Snapper' for a dancing master ;' and Snapper lovingly contemplated his small tens, and cut a pirouette, as a preliminary movement. 'Now observe Mrs. Snapper, and inwardly digest this lesson in the science of dancing,' and Snapper started around the room whistling a polka, and making the chinaware tremble. ' I thought dancers always took nice short steps,' murmured Mrs. Snapper. ' There you go again !' bellowed Snapper, ' are you aware there is only one man in the room who understands dancing, and one woman who don't? If you were got up as a ball-room guide, Mrs. Snapper, morrocco bound, girl edges, you'd be dear at sixpence per dozen.' ' Well I thought short steps— ' Yes you've got it,' interrupted Snapper ' That limited quantity of matter you call a brain has introduced an idea that a man must go to a ball-room hobbled ; well he ain't. Now Mrs. Snapper, observe the gyrations of a. man who was fool enough to marry your father' daughter. ' First lady and second gen advance and swing in centre ; partners cros over,' he shrieked. First couple lead through, swing partners alL In his excitement he swung againstfa splendid specimen case, which came down with a crash. ' Hoop la V' he yelled, as he danced a solo on it. ' Strikes me, you're not enjoying the ball, you don't seem to appreciate dancing, Mrs. Snapper ; the lancersrequireconsidcrableabilily. 'Corners!' he howled, as he made a frantic dive for the mantle-shelf, succeeding in spilling a clock over the carpet. ' Bad time,' he gasped as he kicue:! the clock through the window, and shattered a paintincf. ' Look out for an im proved tornado, and' the scientific whirlwind,' he w-h'sj.r.d, as he sank into a chair, just *- i the iiired man was eoinc to ' lasso' him. 1 r.ree weeks made a great improvement in the Snappers' dancing, and they are going to attcixl a quadrille party for the first time. The curtain rises, snowing Snanpsr shoming up the stairs — ' Great Scott, ain't ye ready yet ? Got an adca that ball won't open till next year? P'raps yer a fixture, Mrs. Snapper, a land-uiark done up in flounces and ribbons, eh ?' On seeing Mrs. Snapper in her low-neck'd dress he fairly gasped for breath. 'Great land of freedom !' he roared, ' ain't ye dressed yet, or do ye intend going to that party as a repiesentation of Eve before the fall ?' 'My dear Snapper, it's the fashion,' she said. ' Is it ? Then you won't attend that ball in the fashion,' he said. 'There will be no * ChloeV in the Scarmer familv. Mrs. S.' Snapper was inexorable, and she had to change her ballroorp dress for another. On her second appearance Snapper serenaded her with — '? Ghost of a departed mule I Watchyergol here? How in the name of Moses are you going to sit down with that on ? Think you'll represent a camel this time, don't ye ? Well you won't ! You imagine you're going to attend that ball as Mount Vesuvius ! I think not. Mrs. Snapper will remove that dress.' Mrs. Snapper, with a sigh of regret, hastens to obey her lord. She appeared to advantage the third time, and off they went ; and the most remarkable thing at that ball was I a female dressed like a woman. 