'imtntos inffiitomtr&s; THE BUSH. w B* " PBOtfcTM." [This articlq may be regarded as an Interpotation, as I wished to get done with the subject with some faint show of completeness. Like many previous articles, it has originated In a reality, and not in fiotlon, aa It baa been suggested by a conversation I had one evening with a gentleman on his travels from Sydney, and wbo made yearly excursions through the great Bnshland, and may almost be eald to have been in searoh of a religion, though he looked for it quite away from the Oatholio Ohuroh. He attaoked me on what he thought a very weak point —the UBB of Latin in the Oatholio liturgy; but, even though vanquished, he oould argue still, and, after being defeated on every point, and oonfronted with the new Smtitrtt, be couldn't make up his mind that the Authorised Version was a hoary lie, and in the verses stated waa a barefaced forgery—The advantages of an English liturgy to the Ohuroh of England —A warning to the Oatholio Ohuroh.] SOOIHTY would seem tobave always regarded forgery as a crime of peouliar turpitude, and punished it not only with its abhorrenoe but with extreme civil penalties. Sixty years ago a bankor was hanged at Newgate, in London, for forgery. Fifty years ago threp partners in a London banking firm were sentenced to penal servitude for life for forgery. Forty years ago a London surgeon ana a solicitor were transported to Norfolk Island for defrauding the Bank of England by means of forged documents. To forge a merchant's name on a cheque, or to forge a will or a bank letter of credit, Is a legal Offenoe whoBe culpability everyone understands, and woula be followed by severe social ohaBtisementa. Forgery in commercial eirolsB would entail ruinous oons^qnenoes It •offered to pass with impunity. Yet forgery in seoular affairs is only a triviality compared with the forgery whioh baa been perpetrated on the "Word of God" by tbr translators of what Anglioan Proteetants call AWTHOMSBD VEBSION, in whioh the handwriting of God has been forged and affixed to a lie. All Protestants say that " the Bible " 1B a book inspired by the Holy Ghost. It is, in solemn verity, the DJvine autograph. Aooordinor to Protectant belief, the apostles who wrote the Holy Soriptafes were only God's olerks, or penmen, or amanuenses. It was God who wrote by their bands and penB. They did not set down their own words or thoughts or commands, but those of God. The apoBtles wrote . Uk the Greek language when addressing the letters, or JSpitUet, whioh the Holy Ghost inspired. At Corinth the inhabitants wera .Greek, and spoke Greek. The worship of God whioh the Oorinthians offered waa in the Greek.laagnage, and these Epistles—for ibstance, those of St. Paul—were read out in an audible voioe in the time of divine worship, ao that all the congregations might hear and know what God the Holy Ghost wished them to know. When in A.x>. 1C0D- 7.8.9—that is* 270 years ago—the Protestant bishops and divines of the Ohuroh of England were translating the Greek Epistles of St. Paul Into English, it waa their object to make what 8t. Paul wrote look as Protestant-like aa they oould. That was quite natural. It waa also very desirable in their view, and therefore the Anglican translators wreBted—that is, twisted: that Is, perverted—the meaning of many words of the Apostle Paul'a Inspired epistle, ao that those who read it in English would not, and, of ooune, oould not, understand it in the same sense as the Oorinthians understood it. This was an imploud tampering with God's manuscript and ifa meaning. It was like altering the figures oh a cheque. If anyone gets a cheque for £10 and altera the ten Into twenty, the ohe^tfe Is falsified; a forgery has been committed, and Is no longer the oheque which this drawer of It intended. It is a different oheque, and a robbery or swindle has b«en oommltted. Deoeption, and imposition, and fc cheat have been practised. And thtt Is precisely what the Anglioan translator* of St. Petal's epistle to the OorinthWna have done. They forged a new idea gor the Holy Ghost. They made God apeak what he never spoke, and- they did this wilfully, maliciously, and for a malicious purpose. They had revolted with Luther aganfet the Church whioh Christ founded, and of whioh he had the apostles as his first ministers under the Christianised dispensetton. The revolting Anglicans had out aside the apostolic liturgy of the Mass, which in Western Europe was in Latin. Latin, at the time, waa the best known language in Europe. The Anglioan divinee who forged 1 words into St Paul's ejpistle oould all spaak wad write Latin as well aa they oould apeak; and write fingBih. Latin was not at alt an tmjlwotffl tongue to them, but a tongue • vfey ««I1 knotrii, Bui* having joined in tittlia&eran; ochistntodhereey, the AngHcta'tfiitittow took up the doctrine ot the Emperors: that the lOngs of eatfe In lila oUrta dominions, of tbe Obnwh. Tbe object ot the An glican Bible *as c^of ftfglaod, and eoa- •MSh had been In all congre tflofcti tot 1500 yesftt, forbade the use o atln in the Hans. Latin was tfot undetstood by the oommon people. It waa to them an " unknown tongue." St. Pfcul, by authority of the Holy Ghost, oondemned the use of unkqown tongues in Church. Then the common people "were told to read 1 Oorinthians, xiv." VSBSB 2. "For he that epeaketh In an unknown ' tongne speaketh not unto men, but unto God, for no man understandeth him." VSBSB 4. " He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifleth himxeif; but he tbat prophesleth edifieth the Ohuroh." ' VBBBB'14. "For if I pray in an unhiown tongne my spirit Is edified, but my understanding is unfruitful." ' VERSB 16. " "What is it, then P I wifl pray with the spirit and with the understanding also. I will sing with the spirit and I will Bing with the understanding ulso: else how shall the unlearned know when to Bay Amen P" * VBESB 19. " For in the Ohuroh I bad rather speak five words with my understanding that by my voice I might teaoh others than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue. ; VEIISB 26. " If anyone speak in an unknown tongue . . . let one interpret." [See 1 Cor., xiv.] Now, I put a oharge of wilful and malicious forgery on record here against the Anglioan divines who, with the royal sanation, and under royal lioense of King James I., translated the New Testament after the Hampton Court Conference. I assert that they knowingly, and with evil intent, oorrupted, falsified, and distorted the foregoing verses in order to bolster up a vulgar, stupid, unscholarly, and unphllosophioat lie, whioh Luther and the apostateB who aided him had set afloat. And I challenge the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne, and all or any of hia clergy, to disprove the oharge with whioh I now tax their authorised translators 270 years ago. They forged a New Testament ostensibly to suit a new idea, which they attributed to the Holy Ghost. For 1000 years the liturgy of the Ohuroh was in Latin over those parts of Western Europe where divine worship was offered. All at onoe Luther began to olamour and say that the liturgy should be in German. Oranmer, Arohbishop of Canterbury, the Metropolitan See of England, took up Luther's cry, and said the liturgy in England shonld be in English, and the King, Edward VI., ooneented, and a new form of worship was established by the gallows, and by German dragoons, and by fines, oonfisoations, and imprisonments, which went on for forty ears. Then Queen Elisabeth died, and James, son of Mary Queen of Soots, came in ae King of England. James I. dealt as savagely with the Oathollos of England and Ireland as Elisabeth had done, but to satisfy some ProteBtaht reformers, James I. ordered that there ishould baa new version of tbe SoriptureB, whiob, it was said, Oranmer had very badly translated. And it WBB done. Sixty or seventy of the moat learned Protestant divines in England sat down, by royal permission, to revise Oranmer's and other bibles, and tbe "authorised " edition oame forth, say, in 1610—that is, 276 yean ago. EvOr ainoe then the " reading desks" and pulpits of the Anglioan and "the United Ohuroh" of England and Ireland, and Preabytertanised Protestant Scotland, have never oeased dinning it into all Protestantised Presbyterlanlsed ears that the Holy Scriptures, whioh were the Voloe and Word of God, oondemned the UB6 of Latin as an improper language for the worship of God. God knew best, did he notP God knew vfhat sort of language waa most suitable forHLB own worship. He did not wish to be worshipped in a tongue whioh the people oould not understand. Latin was an unknown tongue. Latin prayers and Mass in Latin muBt be swept away. And "our reformers of blessed memory" opened their new Anglioan version—new in A.D. 1610—and pointed to the inspired verSes (1 Oorinthians, xiv.), as above quoted, whioh prohibited "unknown tongues." ' The Anglioan olers-y, and the Nonconformist preacher, and the Presbyterian memtuter, and the Oromwelllte expounder all sang the same tune. Latin was an unknown tongue, and the Holy Ghost would not allow an unknown tongue to be used as a medium of communication between devout souls and heaven. There it was in blaok and white, and in St. Paul's handwriting. [I Oor., xiv ] Now, I aay to 6very Protestant Anglican, and to every Protestant Presbyterian, and to every other Christian of whatever oOntradiotory «< Ohuroh," and to their pastors, one and all, d specially to ell Anglican bishops, and, tfore all, to my lord of Melbourne, thslt the tereea which they quote, <or may hive been la the habit heretofore of quoting, against the Oatholio use of a Latin liturgy are a FOMHAY. They are a base and blasphemous fabrication. which comprises ID itself the dastard cbery of an aacaab, the aly irapuenoe of the pickpocket, and the daring oapiety of ap tnfiacl reprobate. Here la ot a syllable In St. Paul'a Epistle to the ' ithfana which refer* directly or la- Ay to lit urgical .worship. The Apostle spaaking of a totally different thing. He "^ngotthem1raeol6ua^OT>Nftt« God imparted in the firtS teritury to ' 0! the tftutsthn Ohttn&i; « , Mttld «Nft», auddra inspiration Of the Holy Ghost: this was bestowed for the purpose of Mavinolng Jews MA heathen of the soperu» turftl nature of the Ohrl.tian religion. Tna GIFT or TONGUES oommenoed on tbe Day of Pentecost, and was oonferred on Christian oonverts in various countries where the Faith was pWnted Jy the apostles. The Obristlana who spoke these mlraoulons tongues did not themselves always understand the language whioh the Holy Ghost put into their mouths, though they spoke the language perfectly j but other Christians received a gift from God by whioh they understood what was spoken, and these were oalled Interpreter!, and St. Paul direots that only one or two who had the gift of tongues should speak iu ohuroh at one time, and the interpreter should explain to tbe congregation what was spoken. St. Paul was not forbidding those to be silent who had tbe gift of tongues. Why should heP The faoulty of miraoulous speech Wan the gift of the Holy Ghost. Did St. Paul presume to forbid what the Holy Ghost prompted P By no means. He himself says he oould speafe more tongues (languages) than anyone at Corinth. "I thank God," he says, "that I speak with tongues more abundantly than you all." But there were some of the Christians at Corinth wbo fancied that they were more highly favoured by Almighty God than their brethren because God gave them power miraculously to speak different languages. And they beoartie spiritually proud, and disturbed tbe congregation by exeroising their gift too freely, and severAl of them would sometimes speak nil together, and made oonf usion instead of edification. St. Paul tells these Christiana that tbe gift of tongnes was abused by this irregularity, and by their being " puffed up" by spiritual pride. He warnBthem tbatif they only used the gift of tongues boastfully and to make themselves oonoeited they mistook tbe purpose of God in granting them the graoc of tongues; and the Apostle goes on to tell them (Chapter xiii.) tbat if they could speak all the languages in the whole world, and even the language of the angels in heaven, and were defloient in charity— the love of God—the gift of tongues would profit them nothing. But what had all this to do with the use of Latin in the wori<hip of God in the solemn offioes of the Church P Nothing; absolutely nothing. When St. Paul wrote to the Oorinthians he knew that a Latin liturgy was then in use at Rome, where, although Greek WHS extensively spoken, yet Latin was tbe vernacular. The time when the sun of Christianity began to dawn upon the world waa the time when the Latin power of Latin Rome and its Latin emperors was at its highest and widest range, and the L*tin language understood all round tbo shores of the Mediterranean Sea. It was tbe time when the works of Virgil and Horace and Ovid and Livy and Ballust and Seneca were going abroad over Europe, and giving tone aud taBte to tbe young aristootaoy and the eduoated classes. At Constantinople, in Greeoe, and Aria Minor, and elsewhere in the Eastern Roman Empire where Greek was the prevailing language, the Mass—tbat is, the Liturgy of the Ohuroh—was in Greek, and remains in Greek to this day, though the Greek of 1800 years ago is not the popular speeoh. Latin was very well known in the Greek oity of Corinth, and Greek was very well known in the Latin oity of Rome; but there was no difficulty whatever oauBed by tbe UBO of a Latin liturgy at the one plaoe or of a Greek liturgy Bt the other, beeauBe all Christians were thoroughly taught and orally instructed in the prayers ana ritual forma of the Oburob, and in the dootrine and meaning of the altar servioe, and they knew perfeotly how to oomport themselves at divine service—when to kneel and when to stand, and when to sing, and when to Bay Amm—just as well as they know now. For those who oan • not read there are appropriate prayers, which they learn off by heart; and it is everyone's own individual fault if they do hot understand, and intellectually and devotionally join in the liturgloal forma of united adoration. THE JBWS' LXTUBOT. The Jewish liturgy was in Hebrew, and the Jews of Onr Lord's time spoke Syro-Phoecioian. Did Christ deride, or despise, or oensure, or alter this Hebrew liturgy, and eay that it should be in the people's ordinary dialect t No. It had His own divine eanotion. It was the only rational mode of uniting tbe people in the aot of public praise, and prayer, and aaorifioe. Trained from ohllahood in the true and proper mode of worahip, the Holy ApDBtleB, ny divine authority, continued the liturirloal form. AndBO it it, and ever was, in the Oatholio Ohuroh, and BO it ever will be and ever ohould be, just aa it was under the procursive dispensation of the Jewish Oburob. In the western, or Latinspeaking side of Europe, tbe apostlea and their oonverts adopted a Latin liturgy, or form ot oelebratiog Mass, whioh abides with us to this day, and is A PaOTKST against disunions, and divisions, and seots. and *' Churches" —that is, against oontradio • tory OhrUti an faotlOna—whioh art, In religion, the revival of . , . . of confusion of spiritual ohaoa. Tbe Oatbolio Cburch uses one language In whioh to oonfesa the one >true Feith, whioh ln one body she holds and teaches to aft nations; and it is by this apostolic method tbat all heathen nations oan be moat speedily, meet InteliUy, and most Infimttety associated \w to one Christian community hid tlowshlpof thfc aalntt, Vhethar tri«m» I«4£tfn tjaven, tniMtf ia jmrpatory, or * eartfa. DW «..Thai in l#4 epistle to the OorintKWns oondeinn tbfc nseof Latin prayen in ohuroh whioh 8t.,,p«tw approved of at Rome, and ID which fit. Paul himself must have joined when he was fit Rome P Certainly St. Paal did not; and the use of Latin continued aooepted and aooeptable and profitable and edifying to all until what li derisively oalled the Itefomation. In sfetfofis xxii. and xxlv. of tbe Ooufioil of Trent, tbe Ohuroh renewed her most earnest find affectionate Exhortation to all pastors to see aftet and be afire that their nnleatned were care, fully Instructed in the parts, meaning, and ceremonial of the Mass, but it never entered into the hoad of any general oounoil to give np the nse of Latin, or to ordain a liturgy for everv oountry in the popular tongue. To do so would be hindering and clogging the wheels of the gospel ohsriot, erecting tfuls of separation, fostering eoMsmatioal tendencies, suggesting heretical strifes, and slackening the bands of Christian oharity, as well as of Christian unity. If there be " one body," and one Faith, and one baptism, and one Lord, oan anyone exoept the devil tell why there should be more than one worship t A WAENXNO. The Luther-Oalvin-Zuinglian-Seryetlan "reformers" of England have given the Oatbolio Ohuroh a warning whioh she never needed and never will need. The Anglican Protestants, in about a score of shuffling efforts, constructed a liturgy in the English language fur the use of tbe people of England. As soon as this dainty hotob-potoh of the Latin Oatholio liturgy was set before tbe reformed people of England in the parish oburohes, one half of that people got np and left the dear old soriptural and reformed Anelioan Ohuroh, and beoame horrible " Dissenters," and dwell apart in fifty separate Kedar tents of their own to this day. So muoh for having a liturgy in a tongue underhanded by the people t All, then, that remained for the " blessed" reformed Anglicans to do waB to falsify the Wold of Gad, to forge God's name to a blasphemous deoeit in their new Bible nf A.D. 1609-10, and then authorised, 1st. by Parliament, and 2nd. by oonvooation; for they inserted the word "Unknown" seven times in St. Paul's epistle to the Oorinthians, and then, for 270 yearB, have been quoting their forgery as an inspired condemnation of the L*tin liturgy of the Catholic Ohuroh. 23th April, 1885. 