oVer the'-murray.. FROM OUR .OWN CORRESPONDENT. September .16, 1886. — Not very long , ago Mi 1 Dalley described Sir Henry Parke as a species 1 of - political spectre that would :not remain ' quietly issurned, bnt. would persist to popping up - at unexpected times and giving - nervous people a nasty shook: -There is a ghost of a similar description , on. this, side of , the Mhfray and -'it goes- by the name of, Sir Archibald Michie, Q.O., K.C.M.G. The . -.only- difference between this precious pair of nobbled knights : is that whereas 'ybm ghost.:H'priviieged to promenade;iegiSlative halls once" mor'oars has " not yet succeeded to squeezing his'way'to again " amongst the new generation, of 'senators. -.-Still he is doing, his level, best, -after, a. ghqstlv - fashion.. He has, jnst issaed a bulky pamphlet . ostensibly on the education ..question, , but so many extraneous topics' are -introduced that it would be more fittingly described as a garrulons " comment:., on Yictoria ; as R'appears to the eye of a defunct.poiiticiah. .-When an active member of the, Assembly many years ago, Sir Archibald's strong point was the multiplicity and yarlety.of, his jokes; and now, with an unaccountable fatuity, when on-tho verge of his 75th year, he still considers himself qualified to play, the clown to the presence of an admiring colonv. The result is pitiful. No longer mentally able to coin fresh witticisms, ana yet having a sort of hazy idea thnt some- ' thing funny is expected from ah ancient jester, he has ' endeavored to enliven the dcadlv dalness of . his pamphlet by. dragging ito joke's that have been the common property of humanity for centurie3-j okes that nflght liavebeeh ihyen ied ' by the Israelites to help to while away, tho time during their forty years wanderings in the wilder- nass (Sir Archil aldfanccei that) '.lipid produc tion of that sort would win him a seat at the ap- - proachtog general election hp tyofnlly deceived himself. Its reception in the' main has been one of pity at ' the contrast" between 1 the politics of the present and the ; polities of . the past; In one sense -it is to be. regretted that we have no nominee Hpper House, for, if we bad we conld then easily gratify, political fossils of this type, and prevent them from assaulting nn inoffensive country with their exasperatingly funny pamphlets. From Micliie to Marcos Clnrke.is a big up. ward literary jump. On Wednesday next -the loud-voiced teetotal member' for South Mel- . bourne (Mr. Kimmo) is to ask - the Legis lative Assembly to place £1000 . on the Estimates . as a sort of , State : subsidy towards the republication of the best work's of Victoria's only novelist,. The proposal is a novel one so far as the colonies are con- , cerned, bnt1 it is likely to meet with general sympathy and support, if only to assert the prin ciple that the encouragement of the literature of a country is as much the .duty of the State as the making of roads or the bnflding of bridges. At home- the distinguished poet or novelist draws a iife.pension from the Civil List, bnt the historian of Australia- a century hence trill un- doub todly feel himself called upon to commen with just severity on the scurvy treatment meted out to Marcus Clarke, Henry Kendall and Adam Lindsay Gordon, the founders of Aiistraljan literature. Pecuniary troubles sent the three of them to prematare graves at a time when the State was literally rolling to -revenue. .Perhaps they brought their troubles on themselves ; bnt, even so, that plea will hardly suffice for an acquittal when the Yictoria and New South Wales of to-day come to, bo tried before a Jury of the future. The £1000 that.it is now pro posed to spend to giving greater-, publicity to the works of Marcus Clarke would, if granted daring the author's lifetime, have, gone a, 'long, way towards snatching him from the octopus grip of the usurers, anu would have 1 contributed to the prolongation of a very valuable life. Parliament nas been contending in committee over the local option clause of the Licensing BilL The publicans and their friends strove hard to tosiBt on an absolute majority of the ratepayers of a district voting for the closing oi public-houses before the confiscating process commenced, bnt most of . the members were of opinion that a division like that would render the measure nugatory, and. so-they decided to the end that one-third of the ratepayers on the roll mnst record their votes before any. reduction of hotels can be made. This' is a triumph for , the temperance party, but the Licensed .victuallers' Association is snpremely confident thnt the absolute majority " clause will be carried in the Upper'Hoase. Many petitions - to favor of complete local option have been presented to the House of late, bnt the . champion one was carried to this week on the Bhoniders of Messrs. Deakto and Nimmo amidst general merriment and chaffing remarks.- When. spread out it , covered a quarter of a mile and contained no less than 45,000 signatures of Victorian women. After each a demonstration as that the pub- Hcans may well thank .their stars that feiaals suffrage is not yet a fact existent. ' When, woman's rights are. eventually con ceded by the -tyrant man,. Mrs. Hubbard is pretty sore to come to the front. . Not the heroine of nursery-rhyme, celebrity,' but the inquisitive lady who has been a thorn to the side of the managing committee of the < Benevo lent Asylum Cor years. ' She was perpetually scouring the institution for grievances, and dis covering so many mares' nests that the com mittee were compelled to exclndeher from 'the building and the grounds.'- This decree neces sitated her receiving her information on asvlum matters at second-hand, bnt she was. equal to the emergency. On mere hearsay statement she -drew up. a formidable array of charges of immorality, peculation, bad management, tfce., and sent them on to the Government, who in a weak moment appointed a board of inquiry— a step which they now, have every reason to regret, for not a solitary charge could be substantiated.. The people on whom .'Mrs, Hubbard relied to prove her statements were ex amined one by one, but none of them conld remember . having told her anything like what she attributed to them. With true feminine obstinacy shepersistcd to the end that her charges were well founded, and told tthe chair man, .with a provoking toss ol the head, that her witnesses were frightened to ' spes), out and say what they knew. This further charge of intimidation made soqie of the committee wild with vexation. 1 1( was adding insult to injury. The episode "serves to show that now, as to the beginning, a big fuss may be created by a little woman, A large number of people at preseut seem to be suffering frqin on abnormal development of tlje bump of destructiveness. The cushions, and fittings of the carriages on the suburhan rail ways have been so terribly torn and hacked that the commissioners -'have : been obliged to tell off a number of officers . to travel ia the trainB and act as private detectives, None of the scoundrels have so far been caught —more's the pity'!— for if they are young col- , logians, as somo suspeot; they "deserve summary chastisement ; nud if they are old reprobates, a others think, thoy should be sent to soclnsjjpv for e temp. The destroying fiends are said to have cast their evil oyo3 on thfi-Siehmond Town-hall. The lpcnl mayor waOabont to give a grand banquet to celifimitC his election to the highest municipal dighjjy, wheq he received an anonymous warning that himself and his guests would bp scattered about promiscuouslv by dynamite before the feast was over. Undis- mayed by this terrible threat, his' Worship pre- t baring previously takes the precautipi of c1o9q!y inspecting the cellars, etaU9nuig a Cflrcion ol policemen and detec- tires around the building. The "dynamiters ap parently had not reckqped on ' such a scicutiuo defence, and the ereaing passed away without aPJ explosion other than that ordinarily occa sioned . by the popping of corks. - It .is 'now thought that some ill-conditioned ' rate' payer, resenting the non-receipt of an invitation, resolved to reveuge ldmseif by sending an anon>mous threat to spoil the feast and disturb ' 'he digestion of the Mayor -and his friends Bwjop Barry is with us for a week. Testers day the Primate discoursed to packed congrega ttonsat St. Peter's, Eastern hill, nnd Christ Gnnrch.'St, Kilda. ' The Gorern'or drove out to ot. Hilda to hear him, and the Bishop of Mel bourne, whose guest he. is, formed one of hie -- congregation at St. Peter's. Mr. Jos.' Symee also had a big audience at the Hall of - Science" on t the same day, for. Jos. thinks it uitc possible that be will he a ' " iuartyr " m sti Urn€ next Sunday. Martyrs, possible or actual, nave always been objects pln8lty 'to the multitude, and this accounts the theory that attended the' 'anticipated ?8ns welllevee of. the editor of tb Q liiOeratoK ! This valbdictory address to. His motley array- of fol lowers was au exhortation to carry oa the fight for liberty, eveu though . he should be incar cerated in a prison ce.ll; in othewwords, to carry on the comic entertainments in the Hall of Science on Sunday nights. One spectator iu th% gallery, who expresseu his dissent-from some.o£; Jhe remarks of Mr. .Symes, was ; pitched . bodily intft Bourke-street for ' hia- auda-v city in contradicting, the infallibio head!' . of Melbourne Atheism — a somewhat roinarkable mode of giving 'practical effect to. the principal of free- thought. The Chief ' Sp.' retary . has decided not to renew the theatwvM , license of the HaU of- Science unless thp'ogoea give a guarantec'that they'wiU not l more, i logal'Suoday ontortainm<,a IvitWq. its, v, -alls. As tho lioM 'flts b? ft,„ cdurse of a month, this expires to MtfreWe nud, itfa - bnag matters. to -a grievous and be hoped, terminate a . Mr. Frank scandal. - . "Tho Prlv> Aorntdn is voted very amusing a is chai k0 Secretary," whilst the piece itself ; .otorised as rubbish. A Biaiimr verdict . oeon prouomiced on the larcical comedy 'Mixed," now-being played with astonishing Buccess ub the Bijou, whilst the play is desti-r tute of literary merit, tho autics of Mr. Philip Day ns an eccentric teacher of elocution keep - the people laughing from Btiirt to finish. ' " There was a brilliant and crowded gathering, at the Hay market Theatre on July 20, -on' the occasion of the fnroivoll of Mr. and Mi's. 'Ban- - croft. The Priuce and Priuccs9 of Wales, with their daughters, and Prince and Princess Ohrjs tint) were present. : - > i 1 . - '.m" Anew work< on Polynesia, .by the Rev. A. W. . -Murray, illustrated ? .® with - woodcuts v and maps, is announced by. Mr. Eiliptt Stock. - 