THE BRAGOft VOLANT* By the Authok of 'The Familiau.' CHAPTER VIII. A TJIEEE MINUTES* VISIT. I have suffered extreme and protracted bodily painB, at different periods of my life, but any thing like that misery, thank God, I never endured before or since. I earnestly hope it may not resemble any type of death, to which which we are liable. I was, indeed, a spirit in prison ; and unspeakable was my dumb and un moving aoronv. The power of thought remained clear and active. Dull terror filled my mind. How would this end ? Was it actual death ? You will understand that my faculty of ob serving was unimpaired. 1 could hear and see anything as distinctly as ever I did in my life. It was simply that my will had, as it were, lost its hold ot nay body. I told you that the Marquis D'Harmonville had not extinguished his carriage lamp on going into this village inn. I was listening intently, longing for his return, which might result, by some lucky accident, in awaking me from rny catalepsr. Without any sound of steps approaching, to announoe an arrival, the carriage door suddenly opened, and a total stranger got in silently, and shut the door. The laaip gave about as strong a light as a waxcandle, so I could see the intruder per fectly. He was a young man, with a dark grey loose surtout, made with a sort of hood, which was pulled over his head. I thought, aa he moved, that I saw the gold band of a military unaress cap under it ; and 1 certainly saw the lace and button of a uniform, on the cuffs of the coat were visible under the wides sleeves of his outside wrapper. This young man had thick moustaches, and an imperial, and 1 observed that he had a red scar running up from his lip across his check. He entered, shut the door softly, and sat down beside me. It was all done in a moment ; leaning toward me, and shading his eyes with his gloved hand, he examined my face closely, for a few seconds. This. man had come as noiselessly as a ghost ; and everything he did was accomplished with the rapidity and decision that indicated a well defined and pre-arranged plan. His designs were evidently sinister. I thought he was going to rob, and, jjerhaps, murder me. I lay, never theless, like a corpse under his hands. He in serted his hand in my breast pocket, from which he took my precious white rose and all the letters it contained, among which was a paper o£ some consequence to me.' My lettsrs ho glanced afc. They were plainly not what ho.. wanted. My precious roae, too, he laid aside with them. It was evi dently about the paper I have mentioned, that he was concerned ; for the moment he opened it, he began with a pencil, in a small pocket-book, to make rapid notes of ita con tents. „?;' This man seemed to glide through his work \- with a noiseless and cool celerity, which argued, I thought, the training of the police department. He re-arranged the papers, possibly ia the very order m which he had found them, re placed them in my breast-pocket, and was gone. His visit, I ithink, did not quite last three minutes. Very soon after his disappearance, I heard the voice o£ the Marquis onca more. He got in, and I oaw him look at me, and smile, half -en win** me. I fannied, mv sound vannae. If he had but known all ! He resumed hia reading and docketing, by the light of the little lamp which had just sub served the purposes of a apy. We were now out of the town, pursuing our journey at the same moderate pace. We had left the scene of my police visit, as Ishould have termed ifc, now two leagues behind us, when 1 suddenly felt a throbbing in one ear, and a sensation as if air passed through it into my throat. It seemed a3 if a bubble of air, formed deep in my ear, swelled, and burst there. The indescribable tension of my brain seemed all at once to give way ;? there was an odd humming in my head, and a sort of vibration through every nerve of my body, such as I have experienced in a limb that as been, in popular phraseoloav. asleep. I tittered a cry and half rose from my seat, and then fell back trembling, and with a sense of mor tal faintness. The Marquis stared at me, took my hand, and earnestly asked if I was ill. I oould answer only with a deep groan. Gradually the process of restoration was com pleted ; and I was able, though very faintly, to tell him how very ill I had been ; and then to describe the violation of my letters, during the time of his absence from the carriage. 'Good heaven ! ' he exclaimed, ' the miscreant did not get at my dispatch-box ? ' I satisfied him, so far as I had observed, on that point. He placed the box on the seat be side him, and opened and examined its contents very minutely. ' Yes, undisturbed ; all safe, thank heaven ! ' he murmured. ' There are half-a-dozen letters here, that I would not have some people read, for a great deal.' He now asked with a very kind anxiety all about the illness I complained of. When he had heard me, he oaid — 'A friend of mine once had an attack a3 liko yours as possible. It was on board-ahip, and followed a state of high excitement. Ho was a brave man like you ; and was called on to exert both his strength and his courage suddenly. An hour or two after, fatigue overpowered him, and he appoared to fall into a sound sleep. He really sank into a state which he afterwards described so, that I think it must have been precisely the same affection as yours.' ' I am happy to think that my afctack was not unique. Did he ever experience a return of it?' ' I knew him for years af tey, and never heard of any such thing. What strikes me is a parallel in the predisposing causes of each attack. You unexpected and gallant hand-to-hand encounter, at such desperate odds, with an experienced swordsman, like that insane colonel of dragoons, your fatigue, and, finally, your composing your self, as my other friend did, to sleep.' 'Iwisn/ lie resumed, 'one eould make out who that coquin was, who examined your letters, j It is not worth turning back, however, because we should learn nothing. Those people alvrays j manage so adroitly. I am satisfied, however, i that he must have been an agent of the police. A rogue of any other kind would have robbed you.' . .. . . i talked very little, being ill and exhausted, but the Marquis talked on agreeably. ' We grow so intimate,' said he, at last, ' that 1 must remind you that I am not, for the pre sent, the Marquis d'Harmonville, but only Monsieur Droqville ; nevertheless, when we get to Paris, although I cannot see you often I may be of use. I chair ask you to name to me the hotel at which you mean to put up ; because the Marquis being, as you are aware, on his travels, the hotel d'Harmonville if, for the present, ! tenanted only by two or thrae old servants, who must not even see Monsieur Droqville. That gentleman will, nevertheless, contrive to get you access to the box of Monsieur le Marquis, at the Opera, as well, possibly, as to other places more difficult ; and so soon as the diplomatic office of the Marquis d'Harmonville is ended, and he at liberty to declare himself, he will not excuse his friend, Monsieur Beckett, from fulfilling his promise to visit him this autumn at the Ch/iteau d'Harmonville.' You may be sure I thanked the Marquis. The nearer we got to Paris, the move I valued his protection. The countenance of a great man on the SDot. iust then, taking so kind an interest in the stranger whom he had, as it were, blun dered upon, might make my visit ever so many degrees more delightful than I had anticipated. Nothing could be more gracious than the manner and looks of the Marquis ; and, as I still thanked him, the carriage suddenly stopped in front of the place where a relay of horses awaited us, and where, as it turned out, we were to part. CHAPTEE IX. GOSSIP AND COUNSEL. My eventful journey was over, at last. I sat in my hotel window looking out upon brilliant Paris, which had, in a moment, recovered all its gaiety, and more than its accustomed bustle. Every one has read of the kind of excitement that followed the catastrophe of Napoleon, and the second restoration of the Bourbons. I need not, therefore, even if, at this distance, I could, recall and describe my experiences and impres sions of the peculiar aspect of Paris, in those strange timesl It was, to be sure, my first visit. Jut often as I have seen it since, I don't think I ever saw that delightful capital in a state pleasurably so excited, and exciting. I had been two days in Paris, and had seen all sorts of sights, and experienced none of that rudeness and insolence of which othei'3 com plained, from the exasperated officers of the defeated. French army. I must say this, also. My romance had taken complete possession of me ; and the chance of seeing the object of dream gave a secret and delightful interest to my rambles and drives in the streets and environs, and my visits to the galleries and other sights of the metropolis. I had neither seen nor heard of Count or Countess, nor had the Marquis d'Harmonville any sign. I had quite recovered the strange in disposition under which I had suffered during my night journey. It was now evening, and 1 was beginning to fear that my patrician ac quaintance had quite forgotten me, when the waiter presented me the card of ' Monsieur Droqville ;' and, with no small elation and hnrrv. I desired him to show the gentleman ud, In came the Marquis d'Harmonville, kind and gracious as ever. ' I am a night- bird at present,' said, he, so soon as we had exchanged the little speeches are usual. ' I keep in the shade duriDg the day time, and even now I hardly ventured to come in a close carriage. The friends for whom 1 have undertaken a rather critical service have so ordained it. They think all is lost, if I am known to be in Paris. First, let me present you with these orders for my box. I am so vexed that 1 cannot command it of tener during the next fortnight ; during my absence, I had directed my secretary to give it for any night to the first of my friends who might apply, and the result is, that I find next to nothing left at my disposal.' I thanked him very much. ' And now, a word, in my office of Mentor. You have not come here, of course, without in troduotions ?' I produced half-a-dozen letters, the addresses of whiched he looked at. ' Don't mind these letters,' he said. ' I will in troduce you. I will take you myself from house to house. ' One friend at your side is worth many letters, Make no intimacies, no acquaintances, until then. You young men like best to exhaust the public amusements of a great city, before embarrassing yourselves with the engagements of society. Go to all these. It will occupy you day and night, for at least three weeks. When this is over I shall be at liberty, and will myself introduce you to the brilliant but comparatively quiet routine of society. Place yourself in my hands ; and in Paris remember, vrhon once in society, you are al\vaj3 there.' I thanked him revy much, and promised to follow hia counsels implicitly. He seomod pleased, and said-— ? I shall now tell you some of tho places you ought to go to. Take your map, and write letters or numbers upon the points I will indicate and we will make out a list, All the places that I shall mention to you are worth seeing. ,v In this methodical way, and with a great deal j of amusing and scandalous anecdote, he fur nished me with a catalogue and a guide, which, to a seeker of novelty and pleasure, was invalu able. ' In a fortnight, perhaps in a week/ he said, I 1 shall be at leisure to be of real use to you. In the meantime be on your guard. You must not play ; you will bo robbed if you do. He maraber, you are surrounded here, by plausible swindlers and villains of all kinds, who subsist hy devouring strangers. Trust no one but those you know/ I thanked him again, and promised to profit by his advice. But my heart was too full of the beautiful lady of the Belle Etoile, to allow our interview to close without an effort to learn something about her. I therefore asked for the Count and Countess de St. Alyre, whom I had had the good fortune to extricate from an ex tremely unpleasant row m the hall of the inn. Alas! he had not seen them since. He did not know where they were staying. They had a fine old houso only a few leagues from Paris ; but he thought it probable that they would re main, for a few davs at least, in the city, as pre parations would no doubt De necessary after so long an absence, for their reception at home. ' How long have they been away P' ' About eight months, I think/ ' They are poor, I think you said ?' ' What you would consider poor. But, Monsieur, the Count has an income which affords them the comforts, and even the ele gancies of life, living as they do, in a very quiet and retired way, in this cheap country.' ' Then they are very happy ?' ' One would say they ought to be happy.' 'And what prevents?' ' He is jealous.' ' But his wife— -ahe gives him no cause?' 'I am afraid she does.' 'How, Monsieur?' 'I always thought she was a little too— a great deal too ? ' ' Too what, Monsieur?' ' Too handsome. But although she has re markably fine eyes, exquisite features, and the most delicate complexion in the world, I believe that she ia a woman of probity. You have never seen her ?' ' There was a lady, muffled up in a cloak, with a very thick veil on, the other night, in the hall of the Belle Etoilo, when I broke that fel low's head who was bullying the old Count. But her veil was so thick 1 could not see a fea ture through it/ My answer was diplomatic, you observe. ' She may have been the Count's daughter. Do they quarrel?' ' Who, he and his wife ?' ' Yes/ SA little.' ' Oh ! and what do they quarrel about ?' ' It is a long story ; about the lady's diamonds. They are valuable — they are worth, La Perel leuse says, about a million of francs. The Count wishes them sold and turned into revenue, which he offers to settle as she pleases. The Countess, whose they are, resists, and for a reason which, I rather thiok, she can't disolose to him.' ' Aud pray what is that?' I asked, my curi osity a good deal piqued. ' She is thinking, I conjecture, how well she will look in them whea she marries her second husband.' ' Oh P— yes, to be sure. But the Count de St. Alyre is a good man P' ' Admirable, and extremely intelligent.' ' I should wish so much to be presented to the Count : you tell me he's so ? ' ' So agreeably married. But they are living quite out of the world. He takes her now and then to the Opera, or to a public entertainment ; but that is all.' ' And he must remember so much of the old rcfjlme, and so many of the scenes of the revolu tion !' ' Yes, the very man f os a philosopher, like you ! And he falls asleep after dinner ; and his wife doesn't But, seriously, he has retired from the gay and the great world, and has grown apathe tic ; and so has his wife ; and nothing seems to interest her now, not even — her husband ! The Marquis stood up to tako his leave. ' Don't risk your money,' said he. 'You will soon have an opportunity of laying out some of it to great advantage. Several collections of really good pictures, belonging to persons who have mixed themselves up in this Bonapartist restoration, must come within a few weeks to the hammer. You can do wonders when these sales commence. There will be startling bar gains ! Eeserve yourself for them. I shall let you know all about it. By-the-by/ he said, stopping short as he approached the door, ' I was so near forgetting. There is to be, next week, the very thing you would enjoy so much, because you see so little of it in England— I mean a ' bal masque,' conducted, it is said, with more than usual splendour. It takes place at Versailles— all tho world will be there ; there is such a rush for cards '. But I think I may promise you one. Good-night ! Adieu !' CHAPTER X THE BLACK VEIL. Speaking the language fluently, and with un limited money, there was nothing to prevent my enjoying all that was enjoyable in the French capital. You may easily suppose how two days were passed. At the end of that time, and at about the same hour, Monsieur Droqville called again. Courtly, good- natured, gay, as usual, he told mo that the masquerade ball was fixed for the next Wednesday, and that he had applied for a oard for me. How awfully unlucky. I was go afraid I should not bo able to go. ? He stared at me for a moment with a suspi cious and menacing look, which I did not under stand, in silence, and then inquired rather '.j sharply, ' And will Monsieur Beckett bo good enough to say why not ?' i was a little surprised, but answered tho simple truth : I had made an engagement for that evening with two or three English friends, and did not see how I could. ' Just oo ! You English, wherever you are, always look out for your English boors, your bees and ' bifstek ;' and when you come here, instead of trying to learn something of the people you visit, and pretend to study, you are guzzling and swearing, and smoking with one another, and no wiser or more poliohed at the . ;.i end of your travels than if you had been all the time carousing in a booth at Greenwich.' He laughed sarcastically, and looked ao if he could have poisoned me. - ' f ' There it is,' said he, throwing the card on the table. ' Take it or leave it, just as you please. I suppose I shall have my trouble for my pains j but it is not usual when a man, such as I, takes trouble, asks a favour, and secures a privilege for an acquaintance, to treat him so/ This was astonishingly impertinent. I was shocked, offended, penitent. 1 had ,r possibly committed unwittingly a breach of good ' breeding, according to French ideas, which al most justified the brusque severity of the Marquis's undignified rebuke. .? In a confusion, therefore, of many feelings, I ;-.r hastened to make my apologies, and to propitiate the chance friend who showed me so much dis interested kindness. I told him that 1 would, at any cost, break through the engagementin which I had unluckily ? i , entangled myself; that I had spoken with too : little reflection, and that I certainly had not thanked him at all in proportion to his kindness, and to my real estimate of it. ' Pray say not a word more ; my vexation was entirely on your account ; and. I expressed it, I am only too conscious, in terms a great deal too strong, which, I am sure, your good nature will pardon. Those who know me a little better . are aware that I sometimes say a good deal ; . more than I intend ; and am always sorry when 1 do. Monsieur Beckett will forget that his old friend Mansieur Droqville has lost his temper ??/?: in his cause, for a moment, and — we are as good friends as before/ ;; He smiled like the Monsieur Droqville of the Belle Etoile, and extended hia hand, which I took very respectfully and cordially. ? ? \\-\\-- Our momentary quarrel had left us only bet tor friends. ' i ;T The Marquis then told me I had better secure ? ?'? a bed in some hotel at Versailles, aa a rush '' '^ would be made to take them ; and advised, my '?'.'. going down next morning for the purpose; I ordered horses accordingly for eleven o'clock ; and, after a little more conversation, the , Marquis d'Harmonville bade me good-night, .,( and ran down the stairs with his handkerchief ;. to his mouth and nose, and I saw from my ''/,' window, jumped into his close carriage again and ,. drove away. West day I was at I was at Versailles. As I approached the door of the Hotel de France, it was plain that I was not a moment too soon, if, :, .'. J, indeed, I were not already too late. . ;? A crowd of carriages were drawn up about the entrance, so that I had no chance of ap proaching except by dismounting and pushing my way among the horse?. The hall was full of servants and gentlemen screaming to the pro prietor, who in a state of polite distraction, was assuring them, one and all, that there was not a room or a closet disengaged in his entire house. , I slipped out again, leaving the hall to those who were shouting, expostulating, s,nd wheedl ing, in the delusion that the host might, if he / pleased, manage something for them. I jumped into my carriage and drove, at my horses' best pace, to the Hotel du Reservoir. The blockade about this door was as complete as the other. The result was the same. It was very provoking, but what was to be done P My postilion had, a . little officiously, while 1 was in the hall talking with the hotel authorities, got his horses, bit by bit, as other carriages moved away, to the very - steps of the inn door. This arrangement was very convenient so far as getting in again was concerned. But this accomplished, how were we to got on? There were carnages in front, and carriages behind, and no less than four rows of carriages of all sorts outside. I had at this time remarkably long and clear sight, and if I had been impatient before, guess what my feelings were when 1 saw an open carriage pass along the narrow strip of roadway left open at the other side, a barouche in which 1 was certain 1 recognized tho veiled Ccuntess and her husband. This carriage had. been brought to a walk by a cart which occupied the whole breadth of the narrow way, and was moving with the customary tardiness of suoh vehicles. (To he continued.) 