SIlAKSPßARWS CONQUEST OF T/IC PRESCH. Br J. S. ~ I propose in the present paper to deviate somewhat from the beaten track of Shaks pearian commentary, and to make an excur sion into a foreig land and literature, for the purpose of showing that our national dramatist has not only profoundly influenced the stage in all English speaking countries and in Germany, but that he is, primarily, the author of the two great revolutions which have taken place in the dramatic literature of France during the present cen tury. The first, which occurred almost simultaneously with the final overthrow of the Bourbon dynasty in France, was the success ful revolt of romanticism against classicism , and the second was the triumph of natu ralism over romanticism which has been achieved within the last few years, the one being the logical sequence of the other, and both, as is acknowledged by the French themselves, having been brought about by what may be called the invasion of France by William Shakspeare. The pioneer of that invasion was that brilliant letter-writer, sceptical wit, and clever essayist, the Seigneur de St. Evremond, who, exiled from his native land, spent forty years of his life in England, died there, and was buried in Westminster Abbey. He was the first to call the attention of his country men to the superiority of Shakspeare's dramas over those of Racine and Corneille, and especially over the passionless frigidity, the tumid declamation, and wearisome singsong of subsequent playwrights. Then came Lamotte-Houdard, an indifferent dramatist, but a man who was powerfully impressed with the conviction that our poet, with his sovereign contempt for the unities, and his preference for animated action over at tenuated talk, was in the right, and that the French îmitators of Greek and Roman models were altogether in the wrong. Voltaire seems to have been much struck by these heretical views, as also by the fact that Destouches, who had spent six years in London, and had translated a portion of the "Tempest" into French verse, preceded the work by a warm eulogy of the Shakspearian drama. In 1727 Voltaire paid a visit to England, and remained there for three years. On his return to France he acted very much in the manner of a literary explorer who had dis covered Shakspeare. For a time, at least, he proclaimed his vaste but irregular genius - "natural, powerful, and sublime"; he praised the vivacity and rapidity of action which characterised his dramas, and he wrote some plays in direct imitation of them, such, for example, as "Brutus," "Eryphile," "Zaire," and "Semiramis."' Voltaire even ventured to introduce a ghost upon the stage, and to borrow both the language and the personages created by the English poet. In a word, he paved the way for the overthrow of the pompous and ponderous classic drama, which Victor Hugo finally accomplished. The result was that Shakspeare began to be talked about, studied, and admired in France, but the better he was known the more evident appeared his superiority over the Great Frenchman himself. This was more than Voltaire had bargained for. His vanity was wounded. He had only meant to patronise the foreign dramatist, and not to set him up on a higher pedestal than himself. Such, however, was the result of his eulogies, and when Delaplace, in 1745, published the first complete translation of Shakspeare which had appeared in French, the reading public learned to appreciate the genius of our great countryman, of whom his translator made these admirable remarks:- "No one before or after him has so well deserved the title of an original genius. Never did poet plunge more immediately into the bosom of Nature. All other authors have derived their notions ot art either from the study of preceding authors or from tradition. Shak speare alone seems to have acquired his by inspiration, and should not he regarded so much as an imitator and delineator of nature as the organ of the sentiments and move ments by which she is characterised. His personages are always true, always consis tent, always natural, and never resembling one another. Each is a new and distinct creation, and its truthfulness is so striking as to cause us to believe that we are looking on a real being" The translation met with a large sale, and had the effect of turning men's minds towards the English form of drama; so that a critic, twenty years later, complained that the public taste was being perverted by the Anglo-mania of the period. But, before this time, or about the year 1760, the dramatic genius of Voltaire had begun to wane; while, at the same period, he became seriously alarmed at finding the fame of Shakspeare overshadowing his own, and thenceforth he applied himself to belittle and traduce our national poet, asserting that the English dramatist was as much inferior to Corneille as a country bumpkin is to a gentleman. He ridiculed "Hamlet," pronounced its author to be un îmaginative savage; sneered at "Othello;" declared that Shakspeare's tragedies were only fit to be played before butchers, and scornfully referred to France having fallen into an abyss of filth, and of the abomina tion of desolation having been set up in holy places, because translations or adaptations of Shakspeare's dramas were being played on the French stage! Meanwhile, in spite of the hysterical shrieks of Voltaire, the English man's popularity was broadening and deepen ing day by day, in France , and another version of his works, by Letourneur, extended their vogue. In 1769 Ducis produced an adaptation of "Hamlet"' on the French stage, followed by "Romeo and Juliet," "King Lear, '"Macbeth," and "King John"; and the genius of the illus trious Talma was nobly employed in the in terpretation of the leading character in each. Rousseau became one of the admirers of the English dramatist, and declared that "Cor neille and Racine with all their genius, were merely talkers. " Not only so, but the authors of the memorable "Cyclopaedia" devoted an article to Shakspeare, in which they placed him above all the poets in the world, and declared that he had never had a master or an equal. Then came Mercier, whose con tempt for the classic drama of France was only exceeded by his reverential love for the productions of Shakspeare, whose works he knew by heart, and whose marvellous talent he neglected no opportunity of extolling. Immediately before and during the great revolution, the French theatre passed through an epoch of degeneracy; but it revived under the Empire, and Madame de Stael was one of those who re-directed the attention of her countrymen to the genius of our national dramatist. "From the time of the Greeks until our own days," she remarked, "all literatures have been derived the one from the other, each springing from the same source; but Shakspeare commences a new literature." In the meantime, Schlegel had popularised him in Germany, and this also reacted upon the French. Walter Scott was producing that wonderful series of historical romances, in which the influence of Shaks peare is so distinctly traceable; and these being warmly welcomed in France contri buted to strengthen the hold of the dramatist on the public mind in that country; so that the Parisian playwrights adopted him as their model in preference to Racine or Corneille. As far back, indeed, as 1820, I find a remark able prediction of what happened nearly 10 years later, in an essay entitled, "Revolution of the Theatre," written by Charles de Re musat. He says- "The ancien regime of the dramatic kingdom is shaken to its base; the revolutionary spirit is fermenting there. The insurrection approaches. Without stopping to examine whether it is just, I per ceive that it is necessary and that is enough ... The principal sign of the move ment which is in progress is, in my opinion, the obvious disgust of the public with all works conceived and executed accorling to rule. It seems to me that all the old methods of producing emotion have lost their efficacy. Vainly do they endeavour to renovate by carefullydisguising them, and by introducing them into new combinations. They are re cognised, and people yawn over them. In vain do they change the names of the charac ters, the costume, and the scenery. You find the same personages clothed in fresh dresses." The public demanded truth and nature and they found both in Shakspeare, combined with that "infinite variety" which "custom could not stale and age could not wither." The year after the prediction just quoted a complete edition of the works of Shakspeare was published in Paris, edited and translated by Guizot and two of his friends. It was preceded by a preface, in which Guizot declared that the genius and glory of the dramatist admitted no longer of question. They were incontestable. All that remained to be established was the superiority of his system over that of Voltaire. And the French were rapidly making up their minds on this subject. In fact, the Englishman was victorious all along the line, and, as one writer tells us, "France acclaimed the great poet with a veritable enthusiasm," and "the whole of continental Europe was turning its eyes towards Shakspeare." In 1824 an English company which in cluded some of the best performers from Covent-garden and Drury-lane, gave a series of representations in Paris. These com prised "Hamlet," "Romeo and Juliet," "Othello," and "Macbeth," and in 1828 Macready and Miss Smithson were the lead ing members of a company which did the same. A year before the latter event Victor Hugo had published his Cromwell, in the preface to which he had sounded the tocsin of the dramatic revolution, originated, as I think I have shown, by our own Shakspeare. The great writer who has so recently passed away was one of the worshippers of our national dramatist. He recognised but three main fountains of poetry - the Bible, Homer, and Shakspeare; and side by side with the prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel, St. John and St. Paul, he placed that other giant of the human intellect, whose supremacy in the realm of poetry is incontestable, and who was, as Carlyle says, "a blessed heaven- sent bringer of light" to the English-speaking race. In 1844-5 Macready revisited Paris, taking with him Miss Helen Faucit, now Lady Martin, and gave a series of perform ances in the Salle Ventadour. "Hamlet," "Othello," "Macbeth," and "Romeo and Juliet" were again enacted before audiences which comprised some of the best people from an intellectual point of view, in the French capital, besides not a few of the more conspicuous members of the theatrical pro fession. For actors like Regnier and Bouffe, and for critics like Jules Janin, Gautier, and Edouard Thierry, the brother of the historian, the dramas of Shakspeare, as interpreted in English by Macready and his company, possessed a charm to which it was found im possible to be indifferent. Speaking of the balcony scene in "Romeo and Juliet," M. Thierry wrote - "It is the misfortune of our tragediennes that the whole of our theatrical literature contains no one scene possessing the charm and poetry of this. Does the Con servatoire, does Corneille, does Racine him self teach them to play such things? More happy, in that respect at least, Miss Faucit has found in the classic poet of England situations such us the heart dreams of, where the grand science of the actor is to know how to feel, and to know how to love. Miss Faucit, has she ever received any other lessons? She is a woman; and I do not sup pose that Shakspeare has demanded anything else for his Juliet ... That scene is almost a poem in itself, and it was nothing less as presented by the actress. You listened and admired. At that moment all the world comprehended Shakspeare, as all the world comprehends love." What is the secret of the dramatist's power over the foreign races whom he has subjugated? The answer is supplied by a French writer, M. Alphonse Royer, author of the Histoire Universelle du Théatre, which was published nearly a quarter of a century later. Speaking of the dramas of Shakspeare, he says - "They are the epic poems of humanity. They are solid worlds inhabited by personages of all times, of all conditions, of all characters. These beings issuing from the brain of a man, live a real life. They all speak, move, act, and think like the creatures of God. Aeschylus, So phocles, Euripides are perhaps as pro found: but they are not so complete, they are not so vital. The various types which have given their names to the dramas of Shakspeare, and the others who figure in them, even in a secondary degree, possess a sap and a vitality such as we meet with nowhere else." The men and women of the classic drama of France were mere lay figures, attired in the costume of certain epochs, and declaiming or conversing in nicely constructed verse. Now and then an actor or actress of genius galvanised them into a semblance of life, and impressed the stamp of passion upon the artificial language put into their mouths. But the effort was laborious and the result by no means com mensurate, so that one pities the Le Couv reurs, Gaussens, and Clairons, the Le Rains, Previlles, Moles, Monvels, and Fleurys of the Voltairean epoch, and the Duchesnois, the Mars, the Baptistes, the Dazincourts, the Monroses, and the Grandvilles of the time of Talma, who were condemned to utter stilted dialogue, and to endeavour to breathe the breath of life into such very unreal person ages as most of those who figure in the dramas of Racine, Corneille, and Voltaire. Where was the dramatic action, where the accent of truth, where the verisimilitude, where the play of human emotions or the human interest ot such compositions? But in the plays of Shakspeare, as M. Royer has observed, "men weep and laugh in the same day, sometimes in the same hour as happens in real life. The dramatist is not embarrassed by the length of time which elapses between the entrance of his hero on the scene and the dénoument of the action. The imagina tion of tho spectator will follow him un weariedly, wherever the poet wishes to trans port him, just as he follows the chapters of a book." It was the intense reality of the Shakspearian drama, its humanity, its absolute truth to nature, and the fidelity with which it reflects every mood and phase of human life and character in their univer sality that caused it to win its way in France, as it had already done in England and Germany. Our national drimatist was as much the pioneer of literary revolution in the French theatre as Wyclif was the pioneer of the Reformation in the mother country. The final battle between classicism and romanticism in the French drama was fought out in the Theatre Francais at the first per formance of Victor Hugo's "Hernani," on the 25th of February, 1830, five months before the revolution of July. The house was crowded. The old classics and the young ardent partisans of the literary renascence assembled in full force, and as the perform ance proceeded the groans of the former were answered and overpowered by the enthusi astic applause of the latter. But the roman ticists triumphed in the end. "Hernani" was at once "a revolution and a renais sance," and it "requickened every form of language and of thought." The three unities gave up the ghost. The classical drama was as dead as a door nail. If the spectres of Racine and Corneille could have been present they must have shuddered. If the ghost of Shakspeare were present he could not but smile at a triumph of which he was really the author and the hero. It was a more brilliant victory than that which he has immortalised in "Henry the Fifth." It was the conquest of an entire nation by the genius of one man - a conquest achieved on the battle-field of its intellect, and the glory was all his own, while the substantial gain was theirs. For he was not merely victor, but libe rator. He emancipated the dramatic literature of France from the despotism of Greek precedent, and the slavery imposed upon it by classic authority. He overthrew the tyranny of convention, and bestowed health and freedom on the drama; and at this moment there is not a civilised nation in the world which has not felt the vivifying, elevating, and ennobling influence of the priceless works bequeathed to us by the poet whom we are all so proud to call our countryman, and whose writings are among the most precious possessions our literature can boast of; for in the latter, as Carlyle has told us, "the latest generations of men will find new meanings, new elucidations of their own human being." 