INSURANCE AND ASSURANCE. Solomon 'Keenbeiar, and his nephew, Ralph, dropped down upon the people of Scufflescrnff as if from the clouds, and immediately took the rank due to their seemingly celestial origin. Spinsters who acknowledged thirty or upwards set their caps for the uncle, whilst those who acknowledged nothing chrono logically speaking, turned their attention to the nephew. The Keenbriars took a house, which tliev kept in approved bachelor style. Scufflescrnff was a cheap place to live in, but the uncle and nephew must have had money, even there, to hold up their heads as they did. I was a young lawyer, sitting in my office, when one day the elder aud younger Keenbriar entered. "Air. MeJot- kle," said Keenbriar, senior, "we have "call to consult you on an important legal question." "Ah?" I answered. "I wish to insure my nephew's life. Can I do so ? " he asked. " Have you an insurable interest ! " I inquired. The pair exchanged glances. "What do you mean?" returned the uncle. '' Does your nephew owe you anything ?" I replied. There was another exchange of glances. " He does,'' said Air. Keenbriar, beam ing kindly at his nephew, who cast down his eyes and blushed. " Of course I intend to leave him every thing, but should I chance to outlive him, which is not very likely, I might as well have what is due to me out of some good company. "Thoro is no doubt of your right to insure under the ciicumstances," I answered. " How much does your ne phew owe you ?" " £2,000," said the old gentleman ; and the nephew nodded. I advised that the insurance be effected in the Wiggleworth Company, which was the best I knew, and it was done accord- inglv. Ralph Keenbriar was then thirty years old, and, at that age, ac orcling to the tables, a man has precisely eleven years and six hundred and eighty-two thou sandths of a year to live — not that any man ever did live exactly that length of time 'after, reaching thirty ; but thart is the fine point down to which the insurance compatiiea have figured it, and if .one dies before or after his time comes, it isn't their fault. ; Now,ic wasn't three months after young Keenbriar's life was insured, till he went out trouting one day on a neighbouring lake. He didn't return, but the boat was found upset, and his hat floating on the water. For days and days they dragged the lake. At last the body was found. The features were past recognition, but the garments were those Ralph was known to have worn, and papers in the pockets of the corpse left no doubt of its identity. I don't think I ever had so sorrowful a client as Mr. Keenbriar was the day he placed in my hands for collection, the policy on his nephew's life. "Mr. — Mr. McJorkle," he sobbed, " pi,— please see this. Poor Ralph ! " he faltered, turning away his head. " I cannot bear to think of it." I came as near weeping as a lawyer can — when not before a jury — over a pure matter of business. 1 took the paper, put in the preliminary proofs and notice, but the company, as usual, was obdurately sceptical? and de clined to pay.' I sued. They defended ; and, on the trial, attempted to prove that the body found was a trifle shorter than the recorded measurement of Dick Cabbage, the tailor who had made poor Ralph's last suit. But the other evidence was so strong that the jury, after making due allowance for shrinkage, deemed the variance immaterial, and gave a verdict for the plantiff. Without interrupting the current of my story, I could not well bring in till now the fact that Air. Keenbriar, a few days after tbe issuing of the policy ; got me to draft his will, leaving all of which he might die possessed to his "beloved nephew Ralph." ...... Ralph, you see by consulting the tables, being only, thirty, while his uncle was sixty, had just three years and eight hundred and sixty- two thousandths longir to live than than the latter — a very good reason for making a will in favour of the nephew. I took it as a great compliment that Mr. Keenbriar named me his sole executor- Solomon: Keenbriar's health broke down after his nephew's death, and within a year he, too, was gathered to his fathers in spite of the figures in the table. J was su prised to find his will unaltered, seeing that the sole legatee had died before the testator ; but a glance at the condition of the estate put an end to my astonishment. Air Keenbriar's assets turned out to be so nearly nothing, that it was plain he had not thought it worth the trouble to make another will. Through an advertisement in a foreign paper, I was put upon the track of a large estate left by a millionaire who had died shortly before Solomon Keenbriar, and of whom the latter, though but a distanc relative, proved to be the next-of-kin. This fortune, of course, came into my hands, as executor, and would have now belonged to the drowned nephew had he still survived. As it was, I could only publish a notice that the lieirs-at-law of Solomon Keenbriar, by calling at my address, " would hear of something to their advantage." I was detained at my office till a late hour one night. I had sent away the boy, and was seated alone at my desk, when a stranger entered and stood unexpectedly before me. I I had never believed much in ghosts, but when I found myself face to fiice with the i duad and gone Ralph Keenbriar, whose death had be m irrevocably established by the verdict of a jury, I started in amaze ment ! " Good evening, Mr. AlcJorkle," said the appariton, not in the least disconcerted. " Good evening," I. managed to answer, faintly. " I see by the papers that my uncle is dead." " A nd so I supposed you were," I replied. "Not quite," cheerily returned the visitor. " But I proved it to the jury," said T. " Alore fools they." "And the bo by found?" " It was brought from a resurrectionist, dressed in my clothes, and sunk in the lake by filling the pdokhts- with sand." " So the whole tiling was an infamous fraud !" I exelained, in profound disgust. The answer was a shrug and a chuckle. "I need scarcely inquire the object of your visit," I added. "Of course not— it is to demand the money in your hands." For a moment I hesitated. Should I call a policeman and hand the scoundrel dvei' to justice, or stand 'loyally; by the obligation between a lawyer and his client ? The doubt lasted but an instant. " You shall have the money," I answer ed, " but it must be on one condition." " Antl that is " " That you leave sufficient in my hands to reinburse the insurance, "company for the sum of which it was defrauded." After a little demurring, the proposition was accepted. I never saw -Ralph Keenbriar again, and the next day the Wigglesworth Insurance Company mysteriously received two thou sands pounds, with arrears of interest, deducting the premium paid, to be credited as " conscience money." 