FATMER THAMES '''j&rifffl;&k; _. — — » 1 — 7/7/ . Br ah Aus TRA1UX. Eveiy lovar of English poetry knows Words worth's Yarrow Unvisited and Yarrow Visited, in which the contrast between Imagination and Reality is so vividly depicted. It may be safely hazarded that there are few places which have a greater attraction far the " home-returning" Englishman, who has spent perhaps a quarter of a century in that land where Insatiable summer oppresses. Sera woodlands and sad wildernesses, And faint flocks and herds. than the cool sequestered nooks of the Upper Thames— -of that portion of the great historic river where it ceases to be the " high way of nations," and becomes, as it were, the friend and companion of the antiquarian, the angler, the man of rural tastes mid refined leisure, and now and again of the sun-tanned traveller from the antipodes. Such a one has generally spent his early years by the riverside — somewhere between Richmond <fSd Oxford — and while living in a too water less, country has frequently had visions of its cool shades and sequestered glades. Let us "pictnre him already weary of the grimy aspect 9f the Bank of England and St. Fanl's, bored by the aesthetic posturingS of Mr. Irving and Miss Teny, tired of the surging crowd who Cheer Mr. Gladstone on his way to the House" (and which only remind him of pre cisely similar scenes in Spring-street), and soinewhat alarmed by the portentous dimensions of his hotel bill at the Grand or the Langham. In this mood the Anglo- Anstralian, it mnst be confessed, generally drops in at the P. and O. .. or Orient offices, to inquire when he can get a comfortable berth for Melbourne. A stray exile, however, from the " Sunny South" has been known to make up his mind to wile away a little time in rural felicity by the banks of Father Thames, and to Seek in the riparian delights of his boyhood a refnge from the civic weariness and parse depletion to which he has subjected himself. Such riparian delights he will not find by Westminster and . Lambeth Palaces, notwith standing the sonnet of the early- rising poet, who tells us how from that busy bridge, at some unheard of hour Tbs v«ry boniei stem aileep, . And all tbat mighty heart Is lying still. But Wordsworth wrote before the era of « workman's" trains and early trams. The locality of Westminster-bridge now offers but a brief respite to the town-worn man. In reading Wordsworth's famous sonnet, too, one is always tempted to ask, were there no home less men in his day who turned the recesses of the bridge into bedsteads, and whose presence, to say nothing of their importunity, would be quite enough to distract one's poetic imagin ings ? Our London-sick Australian will do well to get quite away from the monotonous streets of melancholy brick-and-mortar which tnark the V metropolitan area." Even the river, despite the protestations of Mr. Whistler and his fellow-etchers, lends bat a doubtful charm to Vauxhall and Battersea, to Chelsea, Hammer smith or Mortlake. It was far otherwise when these overcrowded suburbs wefe isolated villages. Avoiding all these river suburbs of London, our Australian friend may at least pause at Rich mond, which, although included as a part of the great city, and notwithstanding its being the terminal station of the " underground" rail ways, still retains much of its ancient attrac tiveness. Moreover, the Thames is no longer an arm of the sea here, but a broad, peaceful and picturesque stream. One can well fancy our Australian tourist "putting in," as he might phrase it, a day at this old town, which in no way resembles the suburb of Melbourne named after it. He need not go armed with all the latest "guide book" information to find an historic interest in what would otherwise be hut . very ordinary specimens of the builder's art. An Australian, too, unlike the typical Ameri- CAn-.noiwiili<:fftndinff th rnmii irrprAri»nrp« nf Mark Twain — is apt to turn all snch old world lore into ridicule, much after the fashion of a party of well known Melbourne ladies and gentlemen, who once nearly caused one of the stalwart Seaforth Highlanders at Windsor Castle to faint by graTely asking why the "Queen didn't make the place look clean by whitewashing it." Yet even these giddy folk might have thought it worth while to turn down the little passage out of the main street of' Richmond and enter the old church. If they did not care much for the tomb and memorial of James Thomson, whose " seasons " are of coarse contradicted by their antipodean experience, still the tablet on the north wall, erected to the memory of Edmund Kean, by his soh Charles, will recall the "old days" when that accomplished scion of a still more gifted sire " ap peared " at the Haymarket Theatre, Melbourne, in company with his talented wife (ne'e Miss Ellen Tree) and the irrepressible law making comedian, Mr. George Coppih. It is a very plain memorial, simply recording the date of Kean's birth and death ; hut it serves to remind the histrionic vo tary that old Richmond Theatre was the scene of that great actor's greatest triumphs. Our Australian visitors will have to ruu very swiftly across the road and over Richinond- green, if they wish to see even a brick of this once famous dramatic temple. Like mast of these suburban or village theatres near London, that of Richmond has long been doomed as a place of entertainment ; for Pleasure, like Business, obeys the social laws of centralisation ; and all alike, who want to see a play, and are within a reasonable distance, prefer a journey to lia fifrnnil Avon +n A nnnronioni lnr»ol thoa+wre where they perhaps fancy the performance must be inferior to that of the town article. Bichtnond Theatre, after being shut for years, is now demolished, and the walls that have re echoed with the frenzied shouts of one of the very greatest of English actors, offering his pasteboard kingdom for an imaginary borse, are now levelled with the ground Apart from the memorials to Thomson, the poet, and to Edmund Kean, there is a monu ment, with a quaint inscription, to one Robert Lawes, a barrister, whom Mr. Parres would probably consider a pusillanimous disgrace to his profession. The inscription runs thus : — So great a lover of peace, that when a con tention arose between Life and Death, he im mediately yielded up the ghost to end the dis pute. . Apart from "historic associations," and not withstanding the hideous pretentiousness of the Star and Garter Hotel — one of those places of public entertainment where the size of the bnilding, the garishness of the decorations, and the overcharge for refreshments convince the travelling "squatter " of its aristocratic -style — there is no finer view- to be obtained in the South of England than from Richmond Hill Nothing con efface the beanty of it ; and onr poetical friend Thomson dots net go beyond the bonnd of troth in apostrophising it as " Thy KiH, delightful sheen." His lines, in fact, give snch a panoramic pictnre that they are worth quoting, especially as onr tour of the Upper Thames should make us familiar with the Virion places which he beheld, and which may be discerned from this famous eminence. - Ben let us swtep tbe boundless landsupe- . To lo(t) Harrow no, and now to when , Imperial Windsor lifts her princely brow. In lively contrast to this glorious view. ; Calmly magnlfloeat.' tbca 111 we turn lb w/iere Me silver Thanui firit rural prsew. Far vladlsg up to where the Boles haunt. To Twickenham's bowers ; to royal Hampton's pile To Cleramout's tenarad heights aud Fiber's groves. The fine italicised is particularly faithful and felicitous, and in the adroitly introduced cata logue of placet here given we have a pretty com plete list of the interesting spot for onr imagi nary Anstralian tourist on this portion of the Thames. The reader of Sir WsU»r Scott may be reminded tbat in tbe lit art of Midlothian there ii an exquisite prose description of this sene, which is fur finer than Thomson's Terse, but too long for quotation. At all treats, that iu- creasing number of Anstralian itinerants. .who. seem to regard a hurried and expensive trip to the "old eonntry" as a necessary act of penance for a too easily acquired fortune, wonld do well to visit Richmond Hill aud Park, espe cially if their visit he timed for the " leafy month of June," or the equally delightful July and August of the English year. , Wfiether.on crossing over Richmond-bridge they would bo equally charmed with " tho Muses' Haunt," Twickenham, it is difficult to say. But it is only too ovident that this retreat of the poet Pope has becomo sadly " snbnrbanised" by tho speculative builders, who, aided by tbe building soeietios of the metropolis, have at last over-built every place where they could by any possibility se cure leasee of land. The memorials of Pope are indeed few now at Twickenham. The very house shown as " Pope's Villa " has not existed for fifty years, as it was demolished by a certain Lady Howe, whom a devoted admirer of the diminutive poet dubs "Queen of the Gotbs and Vandals." Hard word, my mas ters! However, this house is still called " Pope's Villa," and is, or was until recently, occupied by a political satirist of our time, who, if he possess not the genius of the author of the "Dnneiad,"is in some respects not an unworthy successor of that prominent smiter of pretentious dulness. I allude to Mr. Henry Lahonchere, M.P. for Northampton, and proprietor — sole proprietor one might think, from his tone — of Truth. Yet if the Anstralian tourist lingers about the hanks of the Thames by Twickenham he Can not do better tban recall a line or two of the talented dwarf, who, bnt for a feeble physique and a proscribed faith, might have made as clever a political "log roller" as even the House of Commons of that date could boast. No wonder he felt so thoroughly "at home" with Bolingbrokc and Peterborongh, by Bathurst, and Oxford, and Murray. Pope's tomb is in the parish church at Twickenham. Within a stone's throw of Twickenham, and still on the Thames, is the famous residence of Horace Walpole and the late Countess Walde- graTe. In looking at it one wonders why such celebrities should have cherished it, for it is quite a "toy house," lacking all the con veniences, to say nothing of the magnificence, of a fine eonntry mansion. However, it is a "celebrated house", and it is remarkable, especially as it is generally "to be let," that some Australian member of the Royal Colonial Institute, emulous of the domiciliary advertisements achieved by Sir Samuel Wilson at Hughenden, has not token Strawberry Hill on a lease. Horace Walpole's delightful letters give but a false impression of the present aspect of this place; but they read as fresh and bright a9 ever. His letter to Marshal Conway is quite in the English Horatian vein : — Twickenham, 8th June, 1747. Yon per ceive by my date that I am got into a new camp, and have left my tub at Windsor. It is a little plaything house that I got out of Mrs. Cbeswix's shop, and it is the prettiest banble you ever saw. It is set in enamelled meadows with filagree hedges. A small Euphrates through the place Is rolled, And little Cities wave their wings of gold. Two delightful roads that you would call dusty supply one continually with coaches and chaises ; barges as solemn as barons of the ex chequer move under my window ; Richmond Hill and Ham Walks bound ntv prospects ; but, thank God! the Thames is between me and the Duchess of Queensberry. And so the clever, light hearted fribble chatters on. The Countess Waldegrave, the next illustrious tenant, greatly im proved the place, and under her reign it he- came, like Holland House, Kensington, a bril liant political "centre," and the resort of wits as well as parliamentarians. Since then it has degenerated. The " enamelled meadows" and " filagree hedges " are no more, but in their stead rows of nicely built " Queeu Anne " villas ; and the London trades man or "city" clerk, with his wife and family, may now reside on the " Strawberry Hill Es tate " at rentals varvinp- from £20 to AGO ner annum. An American company talked recently of opening the famous house itself as an hotel, hut on further examination it was pronounced too inconvenient for the purpose, and the pro ject was abandoned. A moderate rent would secure it. Will no Australian, anxious for a seat in the House of Commons, or for a little social notoriety, give a moderate rental for the historic " bauble" once inherited by a Walpole and a Waldegrave ? It is surely because they have never heard of the place or its owners that no " Anglo-Australian" offer has. been made. Not only is the "Strawberry Hill Estate " a mass of " villas," but the " brick fever." as it is called, has broken out in every direction, at Twickenham, which looks even more " sub urban " than Richmond. Here, however, our tourist may rest satisfied with his day's 1 ' out ing " on the Thames. 