INTERCOLONIAL. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.! NEW SOUTH WALES., SYDNEY, May 3. The annual commemoration of the Sydney University was held on Saturday. There was a large attendance, a brilliant and fashionable audience being present, including the Governor, Sir Alfred Stephen) Bishop Barry, and Mr. G. A.. Sala. The proceedings throughout were very successful, The degree of LL.D. was a conferred on the Rev. James Jefferis. Two ladies Mary A. Brown and Florence J. Thompson obtained the degree of Bachelor of Arts. Frank M. Bladen was awarded the prize given by Lord Rosebery for the best essay on the growth of the Australasian colonies. Mr. Wright, Minister for Works, left Sydney by special train to-night for Howlong and Corowa. He will be banqueted at both places. The Hon. W. B. Dalley, Acting Colonial Secretary, has received the following cablegram from the Agent-Generalship is said that the report that the Russians had advanced to Meruchak is unfounded. The Standard says it is able to state on unquestionable authority that the Gladstone Cabinet has proposed that Russia and England should agree to submit to arbitration the question whether the arrangement of 17th, March has been broken by Russia, and that this proposal is under consideration by the Czar's Government. Active preparations are being made by both Powers, but otherwise the position remains unchanged," The Mayor of Sydney, the acting city engineer, and Mr. Dalley, held a discussion on Saturday regarding the present limited supply of water at Botany. Mr. Dalley stated that the Government were prepared by all the means in their power to assist the corporation in augmenting the present supply. The foundation-stone of the new Church School and Convent, at Hurstville, was laid on Saturday afternoon. by Archbishop Moran. This afternoon Dr. Moran performed a similar ceremony at the building in course of erection at Darlinghurst intended for new schools in connection with St. Vincent's Convent. The Government, have issued notifications to all the other colonies that the western channel of the harbour of Port Jackson is blocked by torpedoes. The Government have taken the additional precaution of placing a guard boat on the northern side of the channel to warn incoming vessels against passing up the closed channel. The Government are about to send home an order for large quantities of ammunition and about twenty five-ton breech-loading guns. The Rockton, s., from Fiji, brings intelligence of the wreck of the schooner Flirt, of Sydney, at the Navigators' Group. The crew were saved. Arrived: On Saturday Rockton, s., from Levuka. On Sunday Bucephalus, from Calcutta ; Cahors, s., from Brisbane. Sailed : On Saturday Barrabool, City of Melbourne, and Elamang, steamers, for Brisbane. On Sunday-Thames, R.M.S., for London. '" VICTORIA. MEMO URNE, May 2. A large fire occurred yesterday in Messrs. E. L. Yencken and Co.'s oil and colour stores, Flinders-street East. It appears that one of the employés, while working in the cellar, after lighting the gas threw a piece of burning paper into a heap of sawdust that was put down to absorb the leakage from one of the oil drums. In an instant the mass took fire, and the flames spread rapidly to the open all kegs, and, fanned by the draught, rushed up the lift aperture to the top story of the building, where a large quantity of paperhangings was stored. Owing to the inflammable nature of the contents of the building, and the suffocating smoke, the fire- men were prevented from getting a mastery over the flames for some time. The building, which was a new one, belonging to Mr. Pink, . M.L.A., was insured. Messrs. Yoncken's stock, which is valued at £25,000, was insured for £16,000. The damage done by the fire is estimated at fully £6000. MELBOURNE, May 3. The South Australian Jockey Club meeting: commenced on the Flemington racecourse on Saturday. The weather was fine. The Governor, and Lady Loch were present, and there was a good attendance on the course. In two of the events on the programme the fields were good, but in the three other races five horses was the maximum. The following were the results of the various events : FIRST HURDLE RACE Sir Patrick, 11st. 12lb., 1; Old Soul, 9st. 5lb., 2; Echo, 6st. 10lb., 3\. Two other horses started. This was a good race, won by a neck. Time, 4min. 23sec. ST. LEGER. The Broker, 8st. 10lb., 1; Silver King, 8st. 10lb., 2 ; Sandal, 8st. 7lb., 3. Won by a head. Time, 3min. 21sec. Only three horses started. GOODWOOD HANDICAP. Lantern, 6st. 12lbs., 1; Lord Wilton, 7st. 5lb., 2; The Ghost, 7st. 13th., 3. The other starters were Ringwood, Middlemarch, St. Lawrence, Alphabet, Anchorite Hazard, Kingship, St. John, Topaz, Duenna, Umberto, Pailleroo, Carbuncle, Iron- master, Marie Louise, Uncas, and Berkley. Betting : 100 to 30 v. Topaz, 0 to 1 St. Lawrence, 8 to 1 Lord Wilton, 10 to 1 St. John and Lantern, 12 to 1 Middlemarch and Duenna. Lantern won easily by three lengths. Time, 2min. 44sec. SIRES PRODUCE STAKES. Juanna, 8st, 12lbs., 1 ; Remus, 8st. 7lb., 2 The Teacher, 8st. 10lb., 3\. Only three started ; Joanna won by three lengths. Time, 1min. 20sec. VICTORIA HANDICAP.- Pyrette, 8st. 7lb,, 1 ; Islander, 8st. 4lb., 2; Honora, 7st. 7lb., 3. Thirteen others started ; Pyrette won by half a-length. Time, 43sec. In consequence of Lanterns easy victory for the Goodwood Handicap, he has been installed as first favourite for the Adelaide Cup at 4 to 1\. Sardius is supported at 100 to 15, and Prometheus at 10 to 1. Anchorito'is backed to win a large amount at 100 to 7. THE rules of the Maryborough, Townsville, and Maranoa rifle clubs respectively are gazetted as approved by the Governor. A special feature of the Maranoa club is that the members shall not be confined to the use of the Martini rifle, but may choose their own weapons, which shall become their personal property. Mr. E. KEYSER, of Baltimore, U.S.A., is arranging a proposal for submission to the English Government, in which he offers to, execute and finish a colossal statue of General Gordon as a free gift to the city of London. Mr. Keyser is now engaged completing a colossal statue of General Deltalb for the State of Maryland. 