THE SYDNEY&LIG-HT; HORSE. ? v ? : Through some unhappy fatality, Sydney has never yet been fortunate in her eques trian defenders. Infantry she has. never wanted, from the famous New South Wales regiment that marched on G-overnment House and deposed the Governor in favour of its own colonel, to the dozens of ' awk ward squads ' that all over the country are just now vexing the souls and exhausting the vocabularies of adjutants and drill ser geants. Occasionally, indeed, the martial enthusiasm of her citizens has essayed to ' boot and saddle ' and witch her little world, if not exactly with noble horsemanship, at least with fiery steeds and splendid uniforms ; but it has never been for very long, and always at rather wide intervals. She might almost fancy the gallant cavalry that from time to time have astonished her as insub stantial human (and horse) flesh as the gal loping ghosts of Burger's ballad, so sud denly they have come, so suddenly they have disappeared. In our time we have seen two or three of these troops of phantom horse men, of whose fate nobody seems to know anything, except that if they rode away anywhere it most probably must have been to the devil, since they have certainly never come back. But we really hoped that with the Sydney Light Horse there would come an end to this dragooning diablerie — that Sydney had at last got a cavalry corps which would not suddenly vanish some fine morn ing like the 'headless trooper' at cock crow, or at least postpone galloping off into space till the appearance of the enemy. It is a thousand pities that this fond hope, in which we are sure we were j oined by all the beauty and fashion of the city, is in some danger of being blighted. The evil fate that has attended every effort to put our ' gilded youth' for defensive or even ornamental purposes on horseback seems likely to follow this last one, and the Sydney Light Horse or Lancers to disappear like their phantom forerunners at a sharp trot, without even sound of bugle, to the shades. They are beggars to ride, no doubt, but that is no reason why they should take the first opportunity of riding as beggars on horseback proverbially do, to the deuce. Prom all we can hear, the unpleasant business which has led to the resignation of Major M'Donald and his officers would have had no such re sult, however decided, but for the in judicious action, or worse, of the G-overnor. If that is so, and his Excellency, as Com mander-in- Chief, has again allowed personal feeling to warp his judgment, or interfere with his public duty, there should be a straight road out of the difficulty,, which it is to be hoped the Colonial Secretary, as Minis ter of War, will lose no time in finding. It is doubtless very good of Lord Augustus Loftus to look after the interests of his friends whom he is so soon about to leave ; but Syd ney cannot afford to lose her Lancers, be fore, as such, even having seen them, simply because a gentleman said to have been some time useful about G-overnment House hap pens to be, or to have been, one of them. 