%xtiz$tnu. AT WHAT A COST. BY THE LATE HUGH CONWAY, .Author of 'Caixed Back,' 'DabkDays,'&c.; It was late at night. The fixe had gradually settled down until it became a steady glowing mass of red, giving plenty of heat bat little fame, The shaded lamp from the edge of the table threw a circle of light, widening until it leached the floor, where it lay, a luminous disc, -and left all outside in sombre gloom. The -room was evidently a library, as tall cases of books loomed from each wall and the massive table in the centre was strewn 'with pamphlets «md writing materials. On a low chair, near -the fire, partly in l'ght and partly in darkness, .sat a woman. She might have been about forty-five years of age, and was still beautiful. .tier hands, with the lingers interlaced, rested 'upon her lap, and her head leant, wearily, against the side of the mantelpiece. Her atti tude, even without the traces of recent tears -upon her face, betokened extreme grief. Well indeed might she grieve, for in the room above her lay a dead man — her husband. She had bade her household leave her and retire to rest, and hour after hour sounded as she sat by the fire and mourned in solitude. True, the man who had died that day had mot been her first loye; not the one she had once hoped was destined to link his lot with here. She had married him for esteem, friend ship, respect, and many other admirable reasons; but her heart waB with one who had died many years ago. Yet they had been man and wife for twenty years, and his unwavering love, his kindness, the homage he had ever paid her, had earned,. as with a woman they «ver must, their reward ; and as with sorrowful eyes she gazed into the fire, and lived again those twenty placid years, she felt that Death had that day decreed a void in her life which would never again be filled. And yet the dead man had not been the most cheerful companion to a woman in the prime of health and beauty. He was ever sad, at times gloomy ; but no harsh words to her had ever crossed his lips even in his most dreary moods. He had lived a fair and noble '. life, doing in a quiet, secret way much good in' ! . the place his life was spent ; good, the extent j of which she, perhaps, only knew.. And as she ! thought of these things and of the poor white ? face upstairs, another flood of tears. came to ; her relief. . She would see ifc-once more to-night; acd by the side of that motionless form kneel ; \- down and .say, ' If I have .not loved you as \ your heart wished I have done all that I could : — all that I promised.'- With this yLntention ! \--- she rose from her seat, and rising, an object on . j the mantelpiece attracted her attention. It i was a small key ; and that morning, even as he j dtd, her husband, with feeble fingers, had { placed it in her bands whispering, with a ! yearning- look on his wan face, 'Stead and fc reive.' £1 the agitation of that terrible hour she had taken little notice ef those mysterious words — the last, indeed, he spoke — but now she re membered them and felt there was something he wished her to know. The key, she was aware, gave access to a secretaire in which her husband kept his pri vate papers. She raised the shade from the lamp, and its light, hitherto concentrated, \- spread over and illuminated the room, in one cornei of which stood a black walnut bureau with antique brass handles. She opened it, and after a few moments' search found what ehe knew intuitively was the document de signed for her perusal. It was a bulky packet, sealed, and addressed — 'For my wife. Pri vate.' Wondering', even in her ^jrief, what its contents could possibly be, and why the in structions to read it were coupled with that piteous appeal for forgiveness, she returned to lier former seat, and after adjusting^tlje light iipke open thV seals and commenced the Ipetusal' --f the niajiuseript. ? ' WbrnanTike^vfilie: ' -; ^;Ltl»)tnediyerTOP'eral^agesrapidly.aB if to catch some idea- oi the general tenor of the revela tion, and as in the Cursory glance ehe took she saw one name, a well-known name, written frequently, a feeling of fear thrilled her, and with a low cry of pain and horror she set her lips firmly, and with eager eyes devoured the closely-written lines. The message from the man who lay dead ran thus : — My Wife— When you read this I shall be dead, and yotfwill, I have little doubt, be still in the prime of womanhood. Whether the love I nave ever borne you, whether the re membrance of those years spent, at least hap pily, under this roof together will enable you after reading this to think ef me without cursing my name I know not. Yet I dare not die and make no sign. I dare not let the grave cover the secret which is fretting my life out — which has twined for years around my heart like a snake, and which will at last still its beating — a secret that even you in your wildest dreams never suspected. As you read these pages you will weep, but not for me. You will call for one who can never return, but the name you utter will not be mine. Widowed though you be, it is not your husband you will mourn. Yet when this is written my mind -will be more at ease, although I know the confession which may lighten my remorse a little lays a heavy burden on you. At least forgive me this. How shall I begin ? As I sit here to-night a prematurely aged man, I look back through the long years— «o long, so weary tome — and see myself in this same room a young man of twenty-five, with all that could make life pleasant at my command. Riches and friends — youth and health^and, as I fondly hoped at that time, love that sooner or later would be mine. Here I sat, I remember, one winter's evening, with my favorite companions even then, my books. Was I reading, or was I dreaming of what might be ? I know not. My servant entered and handed me a card — 'Mr. Gerald Gordon' — I shall feel, even in my grave, your heart throb as you read that name — Gerald Gordon had been one of my earliest and dearest friends ; and, if lost sight of for some years, never forgotten. I was delighted to find him under my roof, and hasted to greet him. He had prospered in the world, both having made and inherited money, and had recently returned to England after some years' profitable work abroad. Affairs had called him to my neighborhood, and upon his return journey he had come a little out of his way to pay me a visit for the sake of old times. We were unfeignedly glad to meet, and as our hands clasped many recollections of happy boyish days rose between us, and the pressing invitation I gave him' to stay some time with me was accepted as freely and heartily as it was given. ?For you, Gertrude, least of all need I paint his portrait ; but well I remember as he sat with me that night, looking- at his handsome face with those straight, clear cut features, bronzed by the southern sun ; his crisp, brown hair and stalwart, manly frame, and thinking one of the greatest gifts, after all, was personal appearance. Uur conversation arter so long a separa tion naturally consisted of questions and answers of a personal nature, and I soon asked him: ' Have you met your fate yet, Gerald ?' 'Been in love, I suppose you mean?' he replied laughing. 'Well, you see I have just come from parts where a fellow mast make love, or pretend to, to get along at all ; but I cannot plead guilty to any grand passion as yet.' 'But howaboutyou?' hecontinued. ' Have any bright rustic eyes come between you and your books ?' Fool that I was, not to open my heart to him then and there ! Not to tell him I thought of one woman only ! Yet I was shy and proud. I could not even say that my love -was viewed favorably. A withered, flower, given half in jest— do you remember it? A little preference, it might be, over my rivals, and that bestowed for the sake of friendship, not love— this was all I had to show in the return for the love I had given and which I knew must ever give through life. So I laughed as he questioned me and answered as in jest. 'I am heartwhole as you Gerald, and cer tainly invulnerable against the attacks of rustic maidens hereabouts.' 'I hoped and expected to be introduced to your future wife, in the person of the only daughter of some neighboring squire; and would have done you a good turn by sounding jour praises whilst I admired bis fat oxen.' ' Well, I will present you to all the eligible daughters hereabout, and you can praise their papas' oxen on your own account.' 'Thankyou— although, seriously, I am tired of living alone and want a wife and a home ; so I am quite ready to meet my fate when and wherever she appears.' I do not hesitate,- my wife, to record these trivial words, for I know they will seem to you as sweet echoes of a long- stilled voice. Gordon and I sat talking nearly all that night, and parted at last, each happy to find the other's friendship the same as of old. The next day, with little regret, I tossed my books aside anddid all inmy power to make my guest's visit a pleasant one to him. We shot, drove, and rode together, and the short wintry days seemed even shorter with my light-hearted friend at my side. I took Tum to visit all my friends, save one ; I need scarcely say the reason for that omission. Too well I knew that bad I been a girl Gerald Gordon was the man who might have won my heart had he chosen. Too well I knew that if the eyes of love enhanced they did not imagine your charms and that his interest at least could scarcely fail to be aroused. So I dreaded to bring about a meet ing between him and you. It came at last. I would have shunned that gathering could I have found a decent pretext, but the whole country-side were bidden to the ball, and my absence from it would have been remarked. Besides, Gerald would have gone anyway. He was very merry as we drove over, at the ex pense of the imaginary persons we should meet; but I said nothing. The moment we entered the room I saw his eyes fall upon you. I saw his look of surprise, of admiration, as he comprehended your regal beauty at one glance, and before the evening was over I felt what I dreaded was afoot, and that my friend would probably be my rival. If his attentions to you that evening were no more than man might properly pay to the most attractive woman in the assemblage they were sufficient to make me fear the worst. Even as I write this I can see his tall figure bending over you and hear him whispering words, which, spoken with the easy self-confident manners of a man of the world, 1 knew intuitively must have been sweet to any young girl's ears. At last that night, gay and enjoyable to all save me, ended. You had departed, and after that it needed little persuasion on my part to draw Gerald from the scene. We started on our drivet home, with the stars shining pure and clear through the frosty skies. I was sullen and unhappy, my companion brimful of curiosity to learn ail x couia tell him concerning his. late partner. ' Is Miss Howard a friend of yours?' was his first question. ' I have known her some years. Do you admire her? Although I need scarcely ask,' I added, bitterly. 'Admire her ! I should think so. I have seen some of the most beautiful women in the world, but never one I admired more. She was not very well dressed, of course, but that is only a milliner's business. ' So he talked on and on as we drove that six miles of road, and my heart sank within me, and I cursed the friendship which had led him to visit me and induce me to press him to pro long his stay. He spoke of nothing but you, ringing your praises in various keys until I re lapsed into a sort of moody silence, or only answered his eulogistic remarks by mono syllables. Probably he noticed my changed manner, as on reaching home he said — ' You are awfully tired I can see, Philip ; eo I will be merciful to-night and not keep you up for another cigar. Good-night.' Whether he kept me up or not, it mattered nothing. Weary as I truly -was there was little sleep for me that night. When we met the next morning it was the same again ; your image clearly was before his eyes. Although he spoke jestingly of the havoc you had wiought, I knew that more than jest lay under that laughing exterior; that the impression you had made was no transient one. I tried to hide 'my feelings, and to answer his playful remarks in the like vein, but my efforts were of little use. I felt tbat his keen eye detected something amiss with me. He looked inquisitive, but said nothing for a while. After breakfast, as we were . discussing our plans for the day, he 1 asked — ''?'?.. ? . *? Would it not be politeness to -ride over and erquire how Miss Howard is after last night's dissipation ?' I started, and answered, 'If you wish it particulatly we will do so;' and, as I forced the words, my voice sounded strange, and I felt that the color had left my cheek. The manner of my assent must, I suppose, have strengthened any suspicion he already felt as to the true state of the case with me, for he crossed the room, placed his hands on my shoulders, and with his bright, searching eyes looked deep into mine. 'Tell me truly, Philip— truly, mind— is there anything like love between you two?' Even then I might have told him, but I was too proud to say I loved without love in return. Too proud to throw myself on his mercy, as it seemed to me such a confession must ; so I met bis eyes without quailing, and answered fiimly : — ' There is no love between us.' 'But you do love her?' persisted Gerald. ' I admire her for her great beauty ; that is alL' ? And even as I told the lie I saw that he believed what be wished to believe, and I knew that my fate was sealed.' - 'Then let us go,' -he said quietly as he moved bis hands from my shoulders. - - ? We -rode over to. your ' home ; -we saw- you, - and my jealous eyes detected a faint blush and look of pleasure on your face as you greeted us —a blush and a look sttC& as my coming alone had never yet called forth. . . , Gertrude, it is for you, not fotf me, topicture the event of the next few C*»yS. o»ck at heart, I pleaded indisposition a^d^ returned to my books; sacrificing polu^jess J left Gordon free to follow his own devices. Well did I know whither his steps turned every day, and clearly could I read in the brightened expression of his ever bright face how well the suit he was urging prospered. So much so, that it was with a feeling of dull despair, not surprise, I listened when one night he told me you had consented to be his wife. Lover-like he sat, hour after hour dilating upon the perfections of the prize he had won, and revelling in his visions of future happiness. And I, who loved you as I believe no man ever yet loved woman, suffered torture on the rack of his raptures. I had to listen to your praises from the lips of the one whom I had now almost brought myself to believe had robbed me of all 1 longed for in the world. And there was to be no delay — no respite for me. He was wealthy, so what was there to wait for? Within three months' time you were to be married. 'How I bless the day I came to see you, old fellow, 'he cried once in the effusion of his joy. 'Now you shall complete your kindness by letting me stay with you until the happy time. Of course I must go away for a bit to see about a house and that sort of thing, but I mean to be here as much as I can.' If I had followed my true impulse as he spoke I should have cursed him and bade him begone, but I was forced to restrain myself and tell him how welcome he was to make my house his home as long as it pleased him. Yet I felt I dare not stay myself and witness his happiness. That night as I lay in bed, cast ing about for an excuse plausible enough to enable me to leave my guest alone for the next month or two, I knew that in the depths of my heart I hated Gerald Gordon — I hated him as the one who had stolen my life's hope from me — I hated him for his animal spirits, his good looks, his power of pleasing and winning the affection of man, woman, or child ; so different from me — I even hated him because I knew you would be happy with him, for he had all the qualities to make a home happy— I hated him as Cain hated Abel, and for the same reason ; had not his offering been accepted and mine rejected? And several days pasEed by; each day the tortures I endured seemed greater ; each day my hatred grew more intense. In a feverish sort of way I forced myself to laugh and jest, and Gordon, with a lover's selfishness, never noticed now how unnatural my manner was, or guessed bow, by this time, I detested the sound of his voice, the clear ring of his laugh, or even his very presence. ' One thing pleases me more than I can say,' he placidly remarked one evening. 'It is that what I once believed to be a fact was only a creation of my own brain. I was afraid I might be the rival of my old friend ; but Gertrude herself assures me the only feeling that ever existed between you two was one of pure friendship. So I am happier knowing you win aance at my weaumg wiui a ugat heart.' Dance at his wedding ! I would rather dance on my mother's grave ! Gertrude, my wife, there is one day in every year which is solemn and sad to both of us. A day when the choicest flowers are laid on a tomb, now growing grey with time. A day, many hours of which you spend alone, holding a lock of hair and gazing on a miniature. And yet, if the love you bore another man is strong in your heart, upon that day you have ever seemed to draw closer to me than at other times. As your eyes, sad with unforgotten sorrow, meet mine, you think, ' Our grief is from the same source — mine for love, and his for friendship.' And with one memory be tween us I know for the moment your heart grows nearer to mine, and I realise what life might have been could your love have crowned it. Bead now the truth and hate me. That day was the first for a long time I had spent alone with Gerald Gordon. You were away on a visit to some friends at a distance. The weather was fine, though wintry, and as I felt I could not endure the long hours indoors, in the society of the man I hated, I suggested taking our guns and walking down to the coast in the hope of shooting some ducks. Gordon leapt at the idea. 'I spall be glad to do a bit of hard walking,' he said; ' for three weeks I have only been love making, and that isn't much exercise. I fancy myi muscles ; must be growing soft from want of using.' 1 As he spoke he held out an an arm like an | iron bar for me to feel. ? An hour's walk brought us to the coast ; you know it well. For the distance of, perhaps, j two miles, runs a turf-covered, almost perpen- | dicular cliff ; then it shelves away gradually, j and one can easily get down to the water's ! edge. Here was our destination. We intended to walk along the edge of the sea, shooting anything worth powder and shot. The tide when high, lashes the foot of the coast cliff; when low, it leaves a strip of sand un covered. The rock of which the cliff is com posed is of crumbling, unstable chalk, and has the habit of .getting hollowed out under the surface, leaving green cushions, firm'enough in appearance, but apt to break away as the un wary foot presses them. A dangerous cliff it is, from the edge of which one shrinks in stinctively. We walked briskly along the green sward ; I was some paces in front of Gordon, not being much in the humor to listen to his inevitable rhapsodies on the one theme. As he followed I could hear him singing a love song. It was Mexican, I believe, and picked up somewhere on his travels. Though the language was strange- to me the words sounded soft and musical, and the repetition of the passionate refrain almost maddened me, so well did I . I know to whom it was directed. Suddenly the melody of the song changed to a sharp cry of despair — a cry that went through me like a i knife — and as I turned hastily around the rent j at the edge of the treacherous green sward told - its tale, even before I heard the horrible, hope- i less dull thud on the sand below. Believe me when I say at that moment all thought of hatred and envy left me. Horror- stricken, I threw myself at full length on the grass and crept to the edge of the cliff, looking for what I dreaded to see— his mangled body. The cliff at this spot overhung even more than usual, and it was with a feeling of hope I saw that Gordon had fallen clear of _ ttie rock and lay upon the sand. He was lying almost in a heap, and must have sustained fearful injuries ; but dead he was not, for I saw him, after making a few piteous struggles, succeed in turning his face towards me. 'Gerald,' I cried, 'are you much hurt? For God's sake try and answer me.' A faint voice — the ghost of his usual voice — replied. 'I have broken one arm and, I think, my thigh. Can you come down to me?' 'I cannot,' I said, 'without going along the coast for a mile or more. I am going now to get ropes and help. Try and bear up till I return.' And then, leaving my gun to mark the spot where he fell, I turned and,.swiftly as I could, commenced running across country. I knew the part welL The nearest house was at least two miles away, so the poor fellow must lie agony for some time before I could bring him the indispensable aid. With the remembrance of that helpless form lying on the sand before me, my thoughts were only how to rescue him with as little loss of time as possible, and for the first five minutes I ran at the top of my speed. Sheer exhaustion then compelled me to pause and draw breath, and as I moderated my pace the awful thought for the first time came to me. The tide ! the tide ! I remembered that it was rising — tnat it was about three-quarters flood — that Gordon was j lying very near to the edge of the water, and I \ knew if 1 could not bear him aid before the i sea covered that narrow strip of sand he was a j dead man. And then the temptation began, i Let no man say there is no devil, for I tell i you in that moment the devil was with me. j He brought your form with all its beauty before me ; yes, and with love for me shining j in your eyes. He shaped the thought in my i mind, ' It is for her, who might love you, you ? are saving him. Is she not worth the sin?' ? And as the tempter prompted me, I said to j myself 'One half- hour's delay; a rest by the way ; a fancied inability to proceed further ; a :. mistake — so easy to make — in the road, and you ? were free once more and might yet be mine. The price was crime — loss of honor, of j self-respect, and all peace of mind; but you j might be mine, and what price was too heavy i to pay for that ?' ? And as thought after ' thought, each like a devil from hell, came to me 1 leant against .a gate, knowing as I did. so : tiiat every moment I lingered risked a man's life. The sudden temptation, the commence- - ment of the crime, the consequences to follow, the shame I felt, even then, bewildered me, ; and for a time I was beside myself. I seemed ; in a dream, all around me was unreal ; the air i seemed full of horrible forms and sounds. How ? long I waited motionless I cannot tell — would : that I knew 1 — it might have been moments, i minutes; or hours. At last it seemed as though I woke, and as I turned and ran like one pur- , sued by wolves I fancied I heard the words ''Too late ! too late !' shrieked after me in fiendish glee. As I ran I believe I even ceased to think, and fell utterly exhausted at the door of the farmhouse to which I mechanically directed my steps. In broken sentences I told my tale — I begged the men to hurry down with the ropes — I offered large rewards should they reach the coast in time to avert what I now shuddered to think might happen. They started with all possible dis patch, and as soon as my strength returned to me I followed. Gertrude, how can I pen the rest ? I reached the fatal spot just as the men from the farm lowered one of their party over the edge of the cliff, and, as sick and dizzy I leant over, I saw beneath me the cruel waves dashing a dark form against the crueller rocks, and as one of the men turned to me and said, /'Poor chap !. If we had been a quarter of .an. (hour before we ? might have saved him,' .1 1 knew that in the.eye of God {.was as much a '?? murderer as the ruffian who drives his knife through the heart of his victim. Little ponder I was' !$, as they bore his nerveless 4eorm : to the too of the cliff ; as I saw that pale face', i stained here and there with blood ; the blue 1 eyes yet open, and as I almost fancied seeking j my own, that I fell as one dead upon the grass and was borne away unconscious as the man I i had foully slain. j What more remains to be said ? You know the rest — how the illness that followed was attributed to the shock I had undergone and j the exertions I had used to save my friend. ? How people praised my presence of mind in j at once starting for assistance. How you — even you — wrote kind words to me — words I that cut my_ heart like knives. Yet no one ! knew that with me night and day was the face ? of the dead, as I saw it ere I fell senseless on j the cliff; that ever in my dreams I was j running, it seemed to be from an image of you, and that fearful things were striving to stop me. No one knew how often I went to the spot where Gordon fell, and timed as nearly as I could the rising waters, to ascertain if it were possible for a man to have compassed the distance and brought aid in time to save him. Alas, I only learnt I was a mur derer in act as well as thought ! I gained the prize that tempted me— but, at what a cost. When, after some years, you g-ave me your hand 1 knew your heart could never be mine, but lay in Gerald's grave; I knew that the thing which at hist induced you to accede to my repeated request was more the love you fancied I bore him than the love you felt for me. And so, at the price of a life's remorse, I won a woman whose love, in life, could never be mine, and who, after death, must hate my memory. Ah, Gerald Gordon, slain by the waves at the bidding of your friend, just as the supreme joy of life was yours ; your lot, after all, was happier than mine ! * * ****** As she read the last words Gertrude Blake dropped the manuscript, and burying her face in her hands, cried, 'O, why did he tell me? Why did he tell me? This is the worst of all to bear. Thank God I have no children in whose faces I may see murderer written.' Then, with bittergrief and hatred in her heart she sat on and on through the weary night. And ever before her was the image of Gerald Gordon, with the hungry waters creeping round him, bis poor maimed limbs battling in vain struggles to keep his life until the delayed help arrived. And her face was stern and cold as she pictured it. If her husband's hopes of heaven rested on her forgiveness she felt 8he could not bring her lips to frame the words. She could scarcely credit the tale she had read; at times she fancied it must have been in a great part imagination. But his face, ever sad, even when others were gayest, came again and again to her mind, and Bhe felt that strange sadness stamped the confession with truth. Yet in all else he had been so noble, both in thought and in deed. He had loved her so ; and now with his dreary secret bared before her, even through the bitterness of her mind passed the knowledge that he had been leading not only a life of remorse, but also of atonement; and as she grew more calm she fell at last into a troubled sleep with wet tears upon her lashes. And, as she slept she dreamed. They stood before her, she thought; her first and only love, Gerald, and her husband. The latter, not the careworn, prematurely old man of »,he past years, but young-, gay and handsome as when he rode with Gerald to see her that icorning in the winter. There was no sadness in his eyes now, and Gerald's arm was round his neck :-— ' Sweet love,' she heard him whisper, 'see, I have forgiven — cannot you, likewise?' And then, striving to speak, she awoke. With the dream yet lingering in her memory, she rose, and tearing the manuscript to shreds, threw it upon the smouldering fire. When every vestige of paper was consumed she sought her room, but, as she passed the chamber of death, entered and, bending over the pale, cold, placid face, kissed it, whisper ing — ' I forgive, as I hope to be forgiven.' The End. \- ? 