V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. FBv TelesTanh.l MfiUvmriM' .TiiItt 1-J The Grand National meeting of the V.R.C. took place on Saturday at Siemington before - a laijge attendance, including Win Excellency the Governor and suite. Owing to rain during the night the course was very heavy, and falls - were numerous over the big jumps. The racing ? was first-class, large fields being ihe order of the day. The Maiden Hurdle Race was the first event on the card, for which no less than fourteen animalR weitrhed. HiD pogriff, the favorite, cantered in an easy winner, followed by Sea Breeze and Duration. The Maiden Steeplechase savr seven horses at the post, Reticent being a firm favorite. He justified the good opinion of backers by winning easily by ten lengths, Lady Ashton being second, and Knlkyne third.. None of the others got round the course. Ten . weighed out for the Grand National Hurdles, the public fancy being Sheet Anchor, the odds; against him being 5 to 4. This pot, however,. ' boiled over, asthe favorite was never in the race, the winner turning up in the South Aus tralian horse Agent, who started second: favorite. Guardnsh led twice round to the abattoirs, where Agent overhauled him, and won eventually by two lengths, Cockboat being third. Croker, the rider of Tantaliser, sus tained concussion of the brain through a severe fall caused by Star cannoning with the first named horse. Croker was taken to the Mel bourne Hospital, where he is progressing favorably. Only fourteen horses were left in the Grand National Steeplechase, but as thejt, . contained the pick of the cross-country horses of Australasia very great interest was centered in the event. .The Ballarat horse Morven was established first favorite at fours to ^ne, while bis stable companion, Wymlet, and Governor were next in demand at a pomt more. Den- ~; mark, Progress, Forester, Sailor, aid Lea were also well supported. The race 'was a chapter of accidents. Of the \- fourteen who started only three passed \- the judge's box after going the conree, Den mark and Native alternately led till near home, the latter coming down at the doable sear the-tom. This allowed Sailor to show the way into the straight, closely followed by Denmark. At the carriage- paddock Wymlet came away and landed his owner's colors six lengths in front of Sailor, a similar distance separating the top-weight Denmark, who was third, from Sailor. Notwithstanding the number of falls, none of the jockeys were severely hurt, although Scobie and Mr. H. Watson got severe shakings. Leo so severely injured himself that he had to be shot. The programme was concluded by the Selling Hurdle Sace and Flat Bace, the former being -won by Student and the latter by Ghost, who ^ras followed home by 'Plausible and Bo Jieniian. MAIDEN HURDLES. Two miles. WppogiiS, by Aldinga — Hippono, 9 st. (Corrigan) 1 Sou Breeze 10 st 2 lbs. (Hill) ? ..2 Duration, 9st-121bs. (McLeod) .. _ ..3 Other etarters— Echo, Oculist, Insolvent, Ace, Baven, 'WalhaUa, Athenian, Coup d'Etat, ©rattan, Suiicnrft, Ebony. Betting — i to 1 against Hippogrift, 5 Baven, 7 Ace and Insolvent, S Duration, 10 Oculist and Sea Breeze. At the fall of the flag the favorite took the lead, -which he maintained right round to the straight, ?where he was supplanted by Echo. Echo now struck Icavily, and Oculist took the lead past the stand, followed by Echo, Hippogriff, Duration, Ebony, with . Coup d'Etat last. Suncraft run up to the leader at the river, and at the back Oculist came down and ' Ebony ran off. Insolvent then went to the head of affaire, followed by Duration. At the home turn ? Bippogrifi came away, Raven looking for a moment -dangerous, but the favorite entered the straight first, and ran home an easy winner by two lengths. Sea Breeze beat Duration for second place by a head, Insolvent was fourth, Baven fifth, and Coup d'Etat iast lime, 4 min. 3 sec ILilEEK STEEPLECHASE. Two miles. ?Reticent, by Silence, 10 st 7 lbs. (Chasten) . . 1 Lady Afehton, 11 et. 12 lbs. (KUduff) ? 2 Kulkyne, 11 st 11 lbs. (Or. H. Watson) .. ..3 Other starters— Brown Eagle, Joe's Indian Queen, .Signal, Biverton. Betting— 6 to 4 against Reticent, 3 to 1 Lady Ashton, 5 to 1 Kulfcyne. Lady Ashton took np -Hie running at the fall -of the flasr, and increased her lead at every jump. At 'the second fence Indian Queen baulked . repeatedly, and was never afterwards in the race. -Lady Ashton led past the stand, followed by Riverton, Signal, Kulkyne, and Brown Eagle last. Along the river Lady Ashton was folly twenty lengths in front of Reticent. At the back Reticent got to within fifteen lengths of the leader, Kulkyne being about the same -distance behind the favorite. The stone wall brought Signal down. Past the sheds and round the turn Reticent gradually overhauled Lady Ashton, who was tiring, and by the time the entrance to the straight -was reached he had a lead, which he easily maintained tfll the end of the journey, eventually winning' by ten lengths, fculkyne was third, six lengths behind the mare, Brown Eagle finishing fourth. Time, 5 min. 2i sec. GEAKD KATIOXAL HURDLES. Three mugs. Agent, by Slanderer, 11 st 6 lbs. (Fergnsson) . . 1 -Guardfish, 10 st. 8 lbs. (Cree) ? 2 -Cockboat, 9 st. (Cox) ? 3 Other starters— Huntsman, Sheet Anchor, Star, ^Student, Tattler, Omadhatm, Tantalise*. Betting — 5 to 4 against Sheet Anchor, 4 to 1 Agent, *6 Huntsman, 8 Guardnsh, It) Star, Student, and Oniad haun The first hurdle 'was jumped by Star, Tantaliser, -and A^ent in the lead, but Tantaliser went to the front at the stand, with Agent, Student, Guardfish, -and Huntsman next, in tbe order named, and Tattler last Tantaliser and Star came to grief at tiie river side, and Goardfish wenttothefrontatthe bridge, followed -bySheetAncborand Agent, Student beinglast Ctaard fish cut out the running at a merry pace. Omadhaun came down at the turn, and the favorite landed on -top of him, ^retting his feet in Batiks reins. Sheet Anchor 4b&B; lost a lot of ground, which he never afterwards recovered. Guardfish raced past the stand, any number of lengths in front of Huntsman ? and Agent Along the river Guardfish was about -eighty yards ahead of Agent and Huntsman. At the ? back Tattler and Cockboat went np nearer to 'Cuardfish, leaving Agent fourth. As they rounded . the turn Agent came away, and soon -had -Guardfish, Tattter, and Cockboat in difficult}-. Once in the straight the race was never in doubt, Mr. Hart's horse -whining in fine style by three lengths irom Guardnsh; Cockboat was third, two lengths -.away; then came Tattler, Student, Huntsman, and Sheet Anchor. Time 6 min. i sec. GEAKB KATIOSAi STEEPLECHASE. Three miles. 'Wymlet, by King Tom— Ballet Girl, 10 st. 4 lbs. (Corrigan) ? 1 SaUor,9stlOIbs. (McLeod) ? 2 Decmark, 12-st 11 lbs. (Eildufi) _ „ ..3 Other starters— Governor, ,Horven. Forester, Moon light, Granville, Progress, Native, Minerra, Mernder, 3jco, Trickett. Betting— 5 to 1 against Morven, 6 Governor and 'Wymlet, 10 each 'Denmark, Forester. Progress, Sailor, Leo, and Granville. Mernder and Denmark led past the stand followed by 3vative, Minerva, Leo, and Forester, Governor being .last. Along the river Native went ahead of Denmark, -and Leo went np third. Hearing the bridge Granville fell, Satire, followed by Denmark, at this time being &head; of the field, with Progress last Bound the bark to the abbattoirs the two leaders were un changed, Wymlet being third, followed by Minerva, IjCO, Mernder, and Trickett, all jumping beautifully. rMoonlighi about this time stopped at the fence and lost ground. Denmark led the way over the fences in -front of the grand stand, carrying his 12 st. 11 lbs. -splendidly, followed by Native, Wymlet, Forester, .Minerva, Leo, Slorven, and Mernder in the oraer named. At tne paling fence 1*0 Plundered, but Malone, 'by good riding, got him safely -over. The favorite, llorren, Mernder, and Moonlight \- came down heavily at the 'stone wall in front of the :gnmdstai.d, ForesterfaMngoverthelogfence. Native -showed the way along- the back, Denmark sticking -gamely to him, and Leo, Wymlet, Minerva, Sailor, -Governor, and Progress following hi the order named. Progress and Leo came down at the' treble at the 'back, and Boon afterwards Native did likewise, leaving Denmark at the head of affairs. Searing the abba toirs TTymlet and Sailor came up on the top weight, -Sailor leading- into the straight; Wymlet. however, managed to last longer in the ran home, and won by four or five lengths from Sailor, who was three lengths in f -ont of Denmark. Granville and Trickett were next to canter up the straight Time, 7 min. 19} sec. Leo was so severely injured that he had to he shot. ?Several jockeys were carried in on stretchers, but they .soon recovered. 6ELLDT0 BUBBLE BACE. One mile and a half and a distance. Student, by Lecturer— Heartsease, 10 st 11 lbs. -Cree) ? 1 Flamborough, 10 st II lbs. (Corrigan) .. ..2 Boncasier. 11 st. (Chastan) ? 3 jG&er;«t«tere— Equity, Fusilier, and Assegai. ?Betting— 6 to i agatnst Fiamborough, 4 to 1 Don ?casier. Fusilier, and Student, 5 Assegai and Equity Fusilier, attended bv Student, cut out the running -till the turn nearing home, where Flamborough went to the front Once in the straight thcracewasbefctt-een ..the last named and Student, Die grey eventually -winning by three lengths, -Doncaster being third a length and half behind Flamborough; then came Fusilier and Equity. Assegai, who polled up lame, -'Was last Time. 3 min. iT£ sec. The winner was loughtin for 140 sovs. FLAT EiCE. One mile. \--Ghost, by Hamlet— Mystery, 8 st. 6 lbs. (J. Wilhams) ? 1 Plausible, Sst 10 lbs. -Power) ? 2 Bohemian, 7 st 3 lbs. (Blair) .. -. ? 3 Other starters— Iralee, Anglesey, Fernlea, Eing master, Cincinnatus, Sirocco, Gardenia, Favor, Sir -Charles, Warfield, Yeroet, Agatha, Berkeley. Betting— 5 to 1 against Favor, 7 Fernlea and Gar denia, 10 each Plausible, Ghost, Sirocco, Bohemian, . .Sir Charles, and Vemet Shortly after tiie flag fell Fernlea went to the ?front, with Agatha, Ghost, and Plausible in attendance. Passing the abattoirs Agatha was in the :!ead,-bnt SrCharles*was first into the straight, where Plausible «oon overhauled him. Ghost now Shot out, . rand a 'grand race ensued between him and .Plausible, . -:ttie result toeing a win for Ghost hy a short head ; Bohemian third, a half length away ; then came Sir ?Charles, Bingmaster, Femlea, Gardenia, Iralee, and .Berkeley, and Vernet last. Time, 1 min. 48J sec. 