TUSF GOSSIP. By AOGIJIU . Racing men will have their hands pretty full on Saturday.and Monday, the 23rd and 25th May. . Rosehill, one of the most charming of treating grounds, will be the attraction to day in New Sonth Wales, and as an excel lent programme has been provided, ho donbt the sporting folk of Sydney will turn up in large numbers to assist At present the best route to Rosehill is by the river, but as a loop line of railway to the course would prove a fruitful source of revenue to the Government I don't think the shrewd Com missioner of the sister? colony will let the opportunity slip, and fere long I expect to' hear of the Parramatta line being extended to Rosehill. The handicaps for the chief events were declared early in the week by Mr. Scarr, who evidently has not forgotten the performances of St Lawrence ana The Broker, for in the Telegraph Stakes he places these two at the head of the list In such company they are, doubtless, entitled to the position, for a majority of those below them are of moderate calibre, and as the Victorian pair may be reserved for the richer things of Monday, perhaps the winner will come from Leumah, Emilias, and Magnifier. The Limited Handicap may go to Fhaon or Wolseley; but the Stewards' Purse is a much more difficult problem to solve. Merlin is awarded the post of honour with 9st 71b., but, good horse though he is, 1 fancy the winner will be found below him. Here Lawrence and The Broker are fairly well in at Sst 21b. and 8st respectively, and should Mr. Halinbourg select one to carry his tri coloured jacket, he will play an important part in the struggle Of the local division, Willeroo, Balmoral, and Orator read as well upon paper as anytning-else. On Monday the ball will be kept rolling at Rand wick, where the Sydney Turf Club will celebrate Her Majesty's birthday, and the bill of fare provided is worthy of the occa sion. There, too, Victoria will be repre sented, and probably one at least of the prizes will cross the border. There is nothing of much consequence in the Hurdle Race, and if -Omadhaun is a starter, hcf may win, but if he be absent then probably Heather bell or Michael may prove victorious. The Royal Stakes has still 21 engaged, and a large majority of these will face the starter. Here again Victorian horses are at the head of the list. The Broker with 8st 51b., and Anchorite with 8st 31b., and the better of the pair will in all probability run into a place, though I think Mascotte, Lord Exeter, or Espiegle will win. Of the four top-weights in the Birthday Cup I fancy most Tom Brown. If Warwick, First Demon, and Archie are in form they, too, should play prominent parts, and I should indeed be pleased to see Mr. Smart in a winning vein, for he has not often tasted the sweets of victory this season. The Victorian pair, The Broker and Anchorite, are handi capped at 7st 81b. each, and here they are burly well treated; in fact, if Anchorite should run up to his Adelaide Cup form he ought to win. Of the light weights I like nothing better than Venetia and Bucking ham. Away to the westward the Adelaide plea sure-Beekers will assemble to witness the racing on the old course, where the Adelaide Racing Club will open its autumn meeting. Chief amongst the events of the day is the City Handicap, for which I fancy nothing better than Topaz and Lord Wilton. The Cup should produce a capital race. Sardius will meet Lord Wilton upon much better terms than in the Adelaide Cup, and may turn the tables upon Mr. Ellis's horse, yet I think one of the two will win. Victorian lovers ot sport will have an op portunity of enjoying themselves at Fleming ton on Monday, for the Melbourne Hunt Club will hold its autumn meeting upon that day. The sport will open with a selling race, in which the places may be filled by Gold Top, Warina,and Stationer. Second on the list comea the Hurdle Race, in which The Agent is handicapped at list 121b., and even with this weight 1 think he could win, but he may be reserved for the Grand National Hurdle Race, and this being so, perhaps Chatsworth, Minerva, and Danleary will fight it out for places. The Birthday Handicap will attract the largest field, ana it will take a deal of picking, though to me the best in appear to be The Ghost, Camerine, Grace Darling, Du ration, Pailleroo, Evie, Hobart, Doncaster, Too Too, and Arsenal, and to reduce these to three, I shall select Camerine, Grace Dar ling, and Arsenal. For the Steeplechase I like nothing better than Native, Goodwood, and Topsail, and the Second Selling Rap may go to Primus or Sunstroke. For the Welter Handicap I like best Sir Charles, The Ghost, and Stafford. _ The conditions of the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, County Purse, Guineas of 1886, and Produce Stakes of 1887 appear this week. To the Grand Handicap the club subscribes 300 sovs., to which will be added a sweep stakes of 10 sovs., the winner to receive 75, the taecond 15, and the third 10 per cent of gross amount The County Purse is a handicap of a mile, and as the club adds 300 sovs. there should be a numerous entry for this event. The Hawkes bury Guineas of 1886 and the Produce Stakes of 1887 are for three year olds. Juveniles that are now yearlings are eligible for the former and foals for the latter. All of these events close on Monday, June 8, and for the convenience of Victorian owners entries will be received at the V.R.C. office. Into winter quarters the best of Australian two year olds have gone, but racing com mences BO early in New South Wales that it is impossible for trainers to allow their colts and fillies too much: grace. This year the A.J.C. Derby appears to be at the mercy of (he Hon. James \Vkite, who bra Ucalla, Monte ChriBto, Matchlock, Nondenfeldt, Lennox, and four pthers. And what can be i pitted against these with any chance of success? -There are several Victorians en gaged, bat X doubt if any will be sent to face the wearers of the blue and white banner. Magnifier, Buttress, Ffrntide,.and audi like, are notnowessed of sufficient calihre to cope with Monte Chris to and Co. ThePencil, I feel satisfied, is the best of the Victorian di vision, bat I doabt if. Mr. Dakin is likely to Bend, him over, though he is doing remark ably well just now at Flemington. His stable companion, Fish o' Silver, is also engaged, but he will be an absentee, I think, and the owners of Melodious, First Prince, and others will hardly care to venture over the border, antra th« first-named is taken across to run for the Oaks. In our own Derby Newstead should be a foe man worthy of the New-South'Wales division. They Bay he has grown to over 16 hands. If this be true, then he has shot np.too quickly, and he'll joot win. the. Derby. I muBt confess that I don't fancy the D^rby chances of colts that have raced and then had a lobe spelt' 'As a rule they get grOfes inside, and it -takes many monthstom&kethemthorougblyfit; Newstead' may be an exception, but I «m sceptical, and, as he has noij the beet foreleg in the world, j Hill may-have some trouble to prepare him. I hope, however, thatlbhe son of'Neckersgat I will be at his very best when he does carry silk at Flemington again. Uralla's autumn format Band wick was far- superior to any thing she had shown as during the earlier | portion of her career, and it' is possible that she is as muchauperior to Montis Chriato as her friends have always maintained. To me the colt did toot appear, nearly as fit as the filly when they Tan. at Hand wick, and if Mr. Febnelly has luck v?ith him he may, after all, prove the boBS of the lot when they strip at Flemington. Then he has Nordenfeldt and Lennox and Hexhamj to say nothing of Matchlock ; and in the shuffling of the cards even the dealer may be puzzled as to which is the best trump or most .worthy of confi dence for our Derby. Mr: A. It Robertson ' informs mb that he intends to spend a portion of the winter in South Australia, and having placed his horses in the hands of R. Griffiths, he will have them trained near Adelaide. Dirk Hat teraick, Carrington, and others will there fore cross the water to be prepared for their spring engagements. By the mail steamer the three Indian trainers 0. Dignum, A. Clark, and T. Uphill left for their respective homes. Dignum did not take any horses with him, but before leaving he purchased a yearling colt by New minster from Billilla, and a yearling colt by King Cole from Gonfalon, and they will go by the Bucephalus. Clark was accompanied by ConingBby and Gohanna, and Uphill had on board The Flyer, Never Mind Her, Ice berg, and the yearling filly by Wellington from Duster. When the last mail left England Paradox was a strong favourite for the Two Thousand Guineas and Derby. For the former 7 to 4 was taKen pretty freely, and after the accep tance of 500 to 100 for the Derby, 475 to 100 was booked. Of the others engaged in the Epsom event Royal Hampton seemed to be most in demand. Mr. Edward Lee's filly by Maribyrnong from the mare which is so inappropriately called the Marchioness filly, has joined the string of James Wilson,' jun., and she will be trained at Flemington for the Maribyrnong Plate. This filly is one of thebest-lookingyoungsters of all that were sold by auction at the Rand wick sales, and as she looks like coming early, Mr. Lee may have a worthy successor to Nellie. A pleasant afternoon was spent at Moonee Ponds on Saturday. The weather was fine, the attendance good, and the racing interesting. Fernside, who won the Trial Stakes, is a very useful son of Chandos and Atholine, and young James Wilson deserved a win with him. Sister Unice, who ran second, jumped the rails previous to the 6tait This handsome daughter of The Drummer will land a race for her owner when she settles down. H. Yeend has the makings of a good colt in Wildrak& who some day shonla be heard of over hurdles if he doesn't shine on the flat Gymkhana, who some time ago carried above Sst and won at Moonee Valley, was very favourably handicapped in the West Bourke Handicap, and she won comfortably enough. Everybody was glad to see Mr. Connolly have a win in the Steeplechase, and also to see Mr. Bracken land the Selling Race, though I felt sorry when he had to let his horse go. The late owner of Goldtop is the policeman Bracken, who displayed a good deal of pluck when the Eellya fought the police at Glenrowan. He is fond of a bit of sport, but not being able to afford the price offered for his horse, he was compelled to let him go. H. Hoystead, who also comes from the north-east, had a win with Ariel, who in a measure compensated his owner and friends for their disappoint ment at Elsternwick-park. By the bye, Mr. Cox is still on the march of improvement and has commenced the erection of a line of rails to keep the horses in the saddling pad dock from encroaching upon the high ground to the right of the saddling paddock. This is one of the best points of vantage at Moonee Valley, and as tne proprietor intends to plant more trees upon it, it will in time become a most delightful retreat, especially for the ladies. Before the spring meeting, I believe he will have erected a proper telegraph board, with names of jockeys, &c.; W. Wood, who graduated in a good English stablet has arrived from the old country, and is anxious to obtain a situation as private trainer, or head m&u; in some public training establishment It is gratifying to know that the Ballarat Hunt is in the nappy position of having a balance of over £800 to commence the season with. The annual meeting was held on Saturday, at Craig's Hotel " There was a good attendance (says the Star), and Mr. Martin Loughlin occupied the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, the hon, secretary (Mr. A, Wynne) read the statement of receipts and expendi ture, which showed-Subscriptions, £320 19s.; profits from race meeting, £321 13a ; tickets sold, £419s.; balance from last year, £517s. 8d.; deposit receipt, £212; total, £946 16s lid. After meeting all the expenditure there a balance of £320 4a. 5*L remaining. The annual report was as follows:-'Your committee beg to report that the last season was a very successful one, the members' sub scriptions being large, and the profits from the race meeting alone amounting to £321, and alter payment of all liabilities you have a credit balance of £320 4s. 5d. Mr. M'Phail having sold the kennels rented from him by the. club, the committee entered into an agreement with Mrs. Davey, of the Barley Sheaf Hotel, to rent some land and buildings there for a term of three years, at 7s. 6d. fi week. At an expenditure of £3317s. 6d. ex cellent kennels and yards, &c.;, have beer provided. The hounds tor the ensuing season are in good' condition, and promise well The club is greatly indebted to Lady Oarkf for a ladies' oracelet, for a 'bardie race-,and Mr. J. G. Robertson, for a ladies' bracelet Mr. Talbot for £50 prue, for the huatera race; Sir, William B&Uey; tor £50, for sa&idei; \-- hurdle race} and Mr Norman Wilson, for giving bade to the dab £100, the value of the Hunt Club Cup won by him. The dub sus tained a serious loss owing tp Mr. J ones, the late hon. secretary, hanng left the district for Melbourne.' The chairman congratulated the club upon the very eatis factory state of its affairs, and said that there was every appearance of another very suc cessful season. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Mr. Norman Wilson was unanimously elected master of the hounds, on the motion of the chairman, who paid a high compliment to Mr. Wilson for the active interest he had always displayed in for warding the affairs of the club. Mr. Thomas Bath was re elected treasurer, Mr. A. Wynne secretary, and Messrs. Loughlin, Bath, Ipglis, R. Orr, Chirnside, Braaenor, Holggte,, Purdue, Dyke, Gar butt, Holland, Mitchell, Band, Ochiltree, Pinnock, James Macpbereon, W. T. Jones, Gall, Russell, Hepburn, Ware,, W. Bailey, J. G. Robertson, Dalrymple, Moffat, Merton, and Lombard, were elected members of committee. It was then decided to .open the season on the 30th in St., the arrangements being left in the hands of the master. Mr. Thomas Bath said it would give him great pleasure to receive the mem bers of the club at Ceres on the 20th Jane,, and hoped there wonld be a good gathering. The meeting closed with the wpal compli ments to the chair." Among breeders of thoroughbred stock Mr*' Thomas Jordan has always been regarded as one of the brat judges in Australia. He was for some time manager of the celebrated Rapid Bay stud, and more recently he has established a stud of his own at Edwards town, near Adelaide, and on Wednesday, May 27, Messrs. Moore, Wallman, and Co. will dispose of a batch of his yearlings. There are six colts and three fillies, and, so far as breeding goes, I know nothing better than the colt by Emulation from Henrietta, by Countryman from Miss Harriett A colt by the same Bire from Gaiety is own brother to Gymkhana, who can gallop a bit. and as I am partial to youngsters descending from mares that have thrown winners. I should advise intending purchasers to have a good look at this colt. A colt by Lockleys from Hoyden (full Bister to Don Juan), and another by Lockleys from Pirate's Daughter Bhould be worthy attention. There is a colt by The Hook from Talkative, a rare-bred one, and a colt by Emulation from Ayacanora should meet with a ready sale. The colt by Emulation from Monogram descends from a very successful family, and therefore is likely to take the fancy of those who believe in stacking to running blood. Two of the fillies are by Emulation, one from Shadow and the other from Dignity, while the third filly is by Lockleys from Pirate's Daughter. On the same day there will be disposed of, on account of other owners, a full brother to Wandering Jew, a brother to Bellamee, a colt by Wild Eagle from Maid of Troy, and a three-year old filly named Mirage. The Wyndham Racing Club is in the field with a programme for Saturday, June 13, and it will be found in the advertising columns this week. There are five events, viz., Trial Stakes of 30 sovs., Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., Selling Race of 40 sovs., Steeplechase of 50 sovs., and Winter Handicap of 50 bovs. En tries dose on the lBt of June. While schooling a horse named Fusee over hurdles on the Adelaide course, a jockey named Dalley had his leg broken. At a meeting held at Dargalong on Monday evening it was decided to form a racing dub, ? to be called the Murchison and Dargalonp: ; Turf Club. Mr. W. I. Winter was appointed ' chairman, and about 20 members joined. A subscription was started for the purpose of : providing funds to erect a stand, aad about i £30 was subscribed. Damocles and the half-sister toTyropean were to have joined Mr. W. E. Dakin's string this week, and D. Jones journeyed by rail and brought down the colt and a chesnut. Upon dose examination, however, it was discovered that Mr. Bryant had sent the Jessica filly instead of Tyropean's relation. As both are chesnuts the mistake can be easily explained. The error is to be rectified, but what a joke it will be if the Jessica filly should prove the better of the two. Last week The Australasian published the full programme of the Victoria Racing Club among the late advertisements. This week it will be found in the front page. We have already pretty fully criticised the splendid bill of fare set forth' by the leading club. There is one condition which will meet with the approbation of owners, and it is this: " In all sweepstakes (except when otherwise specified) the forfeit, if any, must be paid on the day of general entry, and the owner of any horse entered for any such race who shall neglect to declare forfeit at Bcale half an hour before the time appointed for the starting of the race shall be liable for the remainder of the sweepstakes." Formerly owners had to post into town on the morning of a race to pay forfeit before 11 o'clock, but now, in all minor handicaps, &c.;, they need not ao so until half an hour before the race, consequently they can do all their business on the course. Altogether the programme is one which theV.R.C. can be proud of, and though some of the propositions of the sub committee were not agreed to, Messrs. Leonard, Miller, and Gardiner deserve any ? amount of credit for the numerous improve 1 ments they have made. Country folk will have an opportunity of enjoying a day's radng at Shepparton on Monday, when the local dub will hold a day's racing. The entries are numerous, and good fun is antidpated. Bonnie Doon, who was purchased for I. Foulsham, has been the cause of a legal action. The Tasmanian Mail says:-"At Longford Court of Requests on May 13, Mr. A. M'Bain sued Mr. J. Hamilton, the secre tary of the Tasmanian Turf Club, to reoover £50, part of the purchase money of the sale of plaintiff's filly Bonnie Doon. Defendant pleaded not indebted, and put in a setoff of £50 for commission. Mr. G. T. Collins ap i peared for the plaintiff, and Mr. R B. Miller for the defendant. The filly was placed in ME. Hamilton's hands for sale, with Bonnie Dundee, another of Mr. M'Bain's horses, and defendant produced an agreement by which he was to receive £50 if he sold Bonnie Doon for £300, which he did. The plaintiff con tended that the two hones were to be sold . for £1,000, and that he had not read the agreement Plaintiff's case was closed, and the evidence of the defendant and Mr. Jerome, to whom the horse was sold, was taken, when the case was adjourned." Castleton, by Castle Hill, has arrived in Victoria, having been purchased by a patron of Tibball's Bta&e.; Mr. Fanlkiner's Fanlt . finder, by St Albans, has also arrived, and has, I believe, joined Soobie's stable, i Mr. Andrew Town' has purchased another i sire, the latent'Addition to the Richmond ? stud being Fergasthe First sire of the flying i filly Astroa. He is by Irish King from The L Ro6» ^ - -&£ ?" , Mr. S. Millar scratched for _ tha' i Sydney Tattersali's Grand National I chase directly he saw weight*' . 5 Coronet, Off Chance, Miles, CoUtouivsad . Clandian were passengers by the Lent* <6n I Wednesday. Coronet? Off Chance, tincl Claudian will join the remainder of Mr. D. M. Robertson's horses in Sydney. Messrs. William 0. Yuille and Co. report having sold the vearl ing fil ly by Grand Prix from Laputaandthe filly by Piscator from Maid Marian to Mr. J. Fiunie. Queensland, the racehorses Coningsby and Gohanna toMr. Clark for India, a yearling colt by llaw thomden ont of Iris to Mr. Grippe. The racing string of the gentleman who races under the nom dt course of Mr. \\\\. Neil" will be disposed of by auction on lues day, by Messrs. Yuille and Co., at their yards, Flemington. Included is the champion steeplechaser Denmark, and Marquis of Waterford, Straggler, Scobeloff, Whitethorn, Mistake, Duration, Yamma, and Yarragon, besides several hunters. T. Coffey has taken St. Lawrence, lhe Broker, and Indian Queen to Sydney. Mr. M. Whitty has had the bad lack to lose his steeplechaser Merlin, who was round dead in bis box. The horse had a.nasty fall at Moonee Valley on Saturday, and possibly he met with some internal injury. Mr. Pilbrow and R. Ray sailed for >ew | Zealand during the week. I believe Ray will return in about six weeks. T. Hales, when not engaged riding, will remain at Wagga during the winter months, and will reside at Bellairs Hotel. Mr. J. D. Robertson's horses, with the ex ception of a Napoleon gelding, have all gone to Kingston. The Elsternwick-park programme for the 4th July should be productive of first-class sport It contains six events, commencing with a Maiden Selling Trot of 30 sovs., which will be followed by a Hurdle Race of 50 sovs. Then follows the Grand National Steeple chase, to which the club adds 125 sovs, and the American Hop Bitters Company a trophy value 7<"> sovs. Fourth on the list is a balf mile selling race of 50 sovs., then a Selling Steeplechase of 75 sovs., the wind-up being the July Handicap of 50 sovs, five furlongs. Entries for the Hurdle Race and Grand National Steeplechase close on Monday, June 15, and the general entries close on Monday, June 22. ,, Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., Kirks Bazaar, report the sale of the following thoroughbred horses :-On account of Mr. John Calvert, Bairnsdale- Walnut, bay colt, 3 years, by Wollomai from Daphne, 41 guineas, to Mr. W. Macklin; Tomahawk, grey gelding, 4 years, by Baby from Nancy Bell, 32 guineas, to Mr. Hugh Bracken. _On account of Mr. T. Uphill-Black gelding Raven, 27 guineas, to Mr. William Allardice. On account of Mr. John Clark-Bay mare Briar, by Flying Dutchman from Rosebud, 194 guineas. On account of various owners -Bay gelding by King Alfred, dam by The Premier, £15; bay gelding Syphon, 28guineas; bay mare, by Silence, £20; bay gelding Pride, by Kettledrum from Prejudice, £25. On account of Mr. James Mitchell, Tabletop, N.S.W.-Grey gelding, by Khan (imp.), Arab, £21; bay gelding, by Glorious from a Buck Btone mare, ?20; black gelding by Glorious (imp.) from Stocking, by Peeping Tom (imp.), £22 10s.; bay filly Dy Glorious (imp.) from Blue Bell, by Buckstone, £85; bay colt by Glorious (imp.) from Ruby, by Snowden, £35; bay filly by Glorious (imp.) from Quick Btep, by Tom Jones, £31: bay filly by Glorious (imp.), dam by New Warrior, £23. Jerilderie should be worth a visit on the 29th July, when the J.J.C. will give 100 sovs. to the principal handicap. There are other useful crumbs in the shape of minor events, and it may be as well to remind owners that the entries for the J.J.C. Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Railway Stakes close with the secretary, Mr. William Elliott, on the 23rd Jane. A portrait of Darebin will be found on page 976. From Mauritius I have heard that Don Quixote arrived safely, after a very pleasant passage. The Hon. W. Pearson has given the follow ing names to his yearlings Colt, by King Cole from Frou Frou, " Dividend ;' colt, by Wellington from The Gem, "Opalcolli by Grand Flaneur from Sylvan, " The Loafer colt, by Maribymong from Mona, "Des mond filly, by The Drummer from Colima, "TrisnntL" Mr. Shaw has requested me to state that the names of riders desirous of being elected honorary members of the Melbourne Hunt Club, for the purpose of riding in the Welter Handicap Flat Race, must be submitted for approval not later than 2 o'clock on Mon day. By the sailing ship Melanope, which de parted on Thursday, Messrs. Warren and Glasscock despatched a number of horses to India. They were all selected by that excel lent judge, Mr. George Glasscock, and there fore it is almost superfluous to say that they formed a superior shipment. Mr. Baldock also sent over 100 well-grown horses by the same ship. Messrs. Kronse and Madden preferred a steamer to take their horses, and they selected the good Bhip Bucephalus, whose previous voyages have resulted so satisfactorily. Mr. Krouse, another excellent judge of the kind of horse necessary for the Indian market, cboae this shipment, and the horses are a credit to his judgment. The Bucephalus will take the Torres Straits route, while the Melanope will go vid the Leu win. American writers seem to strongly favour pool-selling or the totalisator in preference to book-making. The Spirit of the Times, after singing the praises of the pool system, says:-" Whenever a set of men without conscientious scruples or respect are per mitted to make books on the tracks of well regulated associations, that moment the chances of a good horse are entirely lost, and his owner made the victim of a dishonest jockey or trainer. Money will do anything, and enough of it will tempt and buy many of our best jockeys and trainers." I don't think it is quite as bad as this in Australia. A boy named Kirwan, while schooling a mare named Marian over hurdles, at Hamil ton, received a severe injury through the mare falling upon him. The lad was taken to the local hospital, and it is believed that he is suffering from concussion of the brain. A Victorian, now on a visit to Adelaide, wired me to the following effect last even ing "Great exicitement here respecting the Derby favourite, Newstead. The owner gave an order to Leslie M'Donald to take delivery. Hill, the trainer, refused to give up the colt Mr. Grant, the owner of the colt, pot a war rant, went down with three policemen to force delivery. _ Adelaide looks a thing of the past No betting." Another telegram from an Adelaide resident says:-" Newstead goes to Leslie M'Donald to be trained. Hill, under solicitor's advice, delivered the colt, and will have to sue for his.claim of £250 over Mari byrnong Plate," If they.have little racing in the "farinaceous village," they are likely to have & lively time over the V.R.C. Derby favourite, whose chance at the present time I am not inclined to favour. Double-event books have been opened-on tbeJtf.H.0. Hordle Bwe,.Wd Steeplechase. And one member of the ring laid the liberal «dds of500 to ft »t.W»ifch price he has done ^BxneUeatbnfineM. - . ; Ttfbat for a fcnoelet & should be no. for no dflWttaiair bare contributed , . I;.';;J 'iy* .. large]y to the success of our principal race meetings. For the Ladies' Bracelet, which forms one of the items in the Sydney Turf Club Amateur Meeting, no les9 than 64 nominations have been received, end this should prove one of the most interesting races ever witnessed at Rand wick. Mr. R. G. Talbot has instructed Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. to dispose of his horses Stafford, Marshal Ney, and Violet, and they will be submitted to auction on Tuesday next, at the same time as Mr. W. Neil's horses. ScRATcnisos.-M.H.C.-First .Selling Race.-Wild rake, Anagram. Handicap "Hurdle Raoe.-The Agent, JUerlin. Hie Birthday Handicap.-Sardius, St. Lawrence, Plausible, Dirk Hatteiaick, Hazard, Alphabet, Ooningsby, Bristol, Vergy, Sandal, Con jecture, Stornaway, Acolyte. Dunlop, Kingship, Don caster, Olivette, The Teacher, Too Too, Distiller, Berkeley. Handicap Steeplechase- Denmark, Go vernor, Midnight, Pride ot tee Hills. Welter Flat Race.-Duration, Distiller. 