THE ZIG ZAG TELEGRAPH. A TALE OF A MIND DISEASED. ♦ . Bt LirOTD G. Thompson. - Fob nearly nineteen years I have been waiting for some one to write the history of this line ; but daring all this time no amount ot its origin, or the manner in which it performed its work, has been published, and, so far as I dan learn, no bint even of its. existence' has appeared in print. Oan it be possible that I Via sde proprietor and operator, and my ? . \ , reary messages alone went creeping over the rires ; that its faithful, patient services were nven to me only ? If so, upon me dearly (evolves the task of writing its history. And ret, to own the truth, this task is not an eaay me. The Zig Zag was such an anomaly imong telegraphs, such a Mtarre affair alto gether, that it sets at defianoe all. ordinary nethods of description. It was behind the imesj.it was alow with its messages; it lamed them a long way around, ana stopped rith them in unexpected plaoes ; there was m Eir of mistiness abont it that made me lometimes suspeot that it was only the ghost -f a telegraph— the phantom, perhaps, of lome uncompleted, early invention left an irpban by the death o{,the inventor. But stay— I most be more explicit. This eUgraph was not oomposod of solid material mbstance; it did not oonsist of actual posts ind wires. It was a phenomenon of an ex optional condition of body or mind, a phase -£ mental action in a given direction, a lystem of exploration in the realms of nemory, a— well' I will admit it at on'oe, a omething that I never quite understood; a problem, the solution of which I have many ,imes almost reached, but which has always ilnded me by dodging around nueipeoted lorners and disappearing when I thought I lad forced it into aadde sue. I will there ore make public my experience with this ine, and transfer to others the solution of the problem ; and, as the condition of body ana nind was doubtless a factor necessary to the lolution, I will make known this condition jy briefly telling a small portion of my life's listory. On the 6th of March, a.d. 1865, with other paroled prisoners, I crossed Broad Biver, twelve miles from Wilmington, N.C., and stood once more, with bared head and thank ul heart, beneath the flag of our country, rhe emotions awakened by the sight of this ?mblem of all we held dear, I shall not venture a describe. I should blush to bring the poor iribute of words to the flag sanctified by bap tism in the tears of our tenderest and the blood of our bravest. For more than ten nonlhs I had been a prisoner at Anderson rille ana Florence. In this artiole I shall* make no attempt to portray the horrors of indoraonvillo. The evidence under seal fur nished by those thirteen thousand graves needs no oorroboxation by parole testimony. When the storm has passed, the wrecks on the beach are surer rootrds ot the force of the tempest than all the figures at the signal stations. I had fought the battle for life for more than ten months in those prison pens, ind I was conscious that I had fought it well. [ had lost ground daily, it is true, but I had untested it by foot by foot and inch by inch. My resistance had b'ien steady, unfaltering, systematic At the ( ime I was paroled I was suffering from soarry and general debility, ind had also endursd most of tho minor sick nesses of the osmp ; but thus far I had ssoaped those feaif ol fevers that had wreoked ao many of my companions. Shortly after I reached Wilmington a straDge dullness took possession of me. My mind refused to aot with its accustomed vigor. Owing to the ravenous appetites of some of the men, orders had been given to issue extra rations to all who required them ; and, al though the regular daily ration was more than Buffioient for me, I fell into the line with the others and drew the extra. This I took to my tent-mate, for safe-keeping, and again tell in and repeated the process, over and over, as long as the drawing lasted. About this time, too, raoldng pains assailed me, and I longed inexpressibly for home. Then the vessel oameito take us to Annapolis, ana we straggled, and pushed, and jostled each other, in our eagerness to get on board ; and at last I was fortunate enough to get tumbled on to the deck just as the captain onnounoed tbat he had a load, ana oould take no more. My recollections of the voyage are confused. I remember being rolled about, and crowded, and lain on by other passengers. I also re member staggering op to draw rations, al though I oould not eat. Then I was helpod off the vessel, and some one took me by the arm ana led me away. Then we stopped, and and a voice said, ' Wash him.' Ana then — blankness. How long the blank laBted I do not know. When my consciousness returned I waa in a dean bed with white sheets. A light burned in the room, but I Baw no one. I closed my eyes, and was lost again. When I awoke it was broad day, and a young man, dressed in a fresh suit of army blue, was standing by the bed-side. He expressed no surprise as his glance met mine. I lifted my right hand, and was astonished at the effort so slight an action required. I gazed at the skeleton fingers, ana vaguely wondered where I had been while that hand was growing so thin. I said, ' What's the matter ? ' He said, ' You have had the fever. You're all right now. Don't talk.' His voice was low and even :. it expressed no sympathy, no anxiety ; ho moved away, and I slept again. My recovery was rapid. The hospital Burgeon visited me at intervals; he asked me no' questions; he merely looked at me ana paused on. I had a ravenous appetite, and, with the regularity of clockwork, a tray was placed before me on which was a cup of tea and a delioate pieoe of toast crowned with poached egg: As I gazed at this dainty repast, 1 thought it a meal fit for a god — that is, for a very small god. After a tew days the pyramid on the plate was iscreased in altitude by the inser tion of another slice of toast under the ovari ous crown, and flanked by a bottle of porter. Next came the order for admission to the foll diet table, and Boon after the ccrtificale en titling me to a furlough. During all this period of convalescence I was conscious of no derangement of the mind's aotioa. My main interest in life centred in the present, or reached forward to the future; but still memories of the past, mostly of hope and early life, came to me naturally. I had, however, made no attempt to recall past events, as the admirable system of unquestioning treatment practised at St. Mary's College Green Hospital had sug gested no such effort ; and it was only when called upon to answer questions, at the time I applied for a furlough, that I discovered the singular phBse ot mental aberration which forms the subjeot of this narrative. I have eaid that my recovery was rapid; perhaps I ought to add that as I threw off the fever I began to suffer -with a difficulty in my feet, probably scurvy— a difficulty that increased daily, until each foot fdt like an immense bruise. But as this disease did not trouble me seriously while I was in the hospital, I did not mention the matter to Any one, fearing that to do so would delay my departnre for home. This brief portion of personal history is, I believe, sll that is necessary to put the public in possession ot facts tbat have any bearing on the -problem under discussion. And now I come to the most difficult part of my task, the portrayal on paper of this abnormal action of the mind ; ana in order successf ally to do this, I must describe the normal action in the same direction in such a way that it will be dearly recognised by all, and yet in such a way as will enable the reader to comprehend the abnormal. Hold! I have it 1 I will materialise this action ; ana if the materialisation lacks an arm, or even a leg to stand on— as ib not un usually the case — it it but serve my purpose before vanishing in thin air, I shall be con tent. I will represent memory as a network of telegraph wires, the main line connecting the mind with the beginning of conscious existenoe, and aide wires connecting this line with each event, each incident, each thought, of past life.- When the mind is unimpaired, Wd the lines are in perfect working order, information can be obtained instantly from [ any of the outlying stations. The question is \ flashed over the wires, and the answer is re turned, and the combined messages constitute a thought. In many instances, however, no perceptible action of the mind is reunired, and the mind is unquestioning and at rest ; and yet, from the various depots in whioh our experiences of the past are stored, the messages oome trooping in, ana we oall them memoria. These are phases of the normal aotion of the intellect ana the undisturbed working of the lines. Bat I am also familiar with many phases of abnormal aotion, and various phases of wreck in the lines ot com munication First, the poor wretch with the wire aU down behind him, and the past a blank. Second, whore the main line iB out at a given point in the past. Back to this point the communications are perfect and the side lines complete, but beyond — nothingness. Third, where the main line is oomplete ana the side lines are in order near the farther end, but mostly broken or impaired from obildhood to the present. This is a common oase. Ihe gray-haired man prattles of the scenes of his youth, but does not recall the events of his manhood. Every word of tbe prayer hia mother taught him is familiar, but he cannot remember a sentonce of the speech that made him famous ten years ago. He does not recognise an acquaintance of yester day, but the fanes of the friends ot his boy hood stand out dear and distinct. I need not particularise further; every one is familiar with tho. gaps in sections, whore the storms of life have beaten down tbe side lines, and with tho downfall of individual wires. Neither will it be worth while to call attention to tbe Blight derangement of a particular wire that does not respond as promptly as we wish, but leaves oar question unanswered, while the operator at ths other terminus, apparently takes a Bbort nap, ana we soratch cur heads in vexation. My objeit in writing this ar ticle is to doeoribe this well-known system of oommunioation only so far as may. be neces sary to explain the working of the other lino, which no one but myself appears to have used ; and as I made use of both, I will designate the former as the Direct line, and the latter as the&g; Zag. Tbe Direot line was always at my service oneway — it would bring messages, but could cot be relied on to carry them ; it would transmit one, and refuse the next in what I then thought a most captions manner ; and some times it would apparently grow Bulky and re fuse them altogether. But tbe patient Zig Zag was not captious ; it did not sulk when sailed upon to do the work refused by its rival ; it went steadily , ploddingly, at its task, and never rested till its work was done. These two lines were distinct in almost every respect, and in order to make the distinction plain I will describe as concisdy as possible the peculiarities of the Zig Zag. First, it never took a despatch straight to its destination, bat went zigzagging through the past, making short flights from point to point, and sending back messages from every station. These measagss- were dim pictures of familiar scenes, that approached slowly and grew plainer until they reached a oertain uniform point of distinctness, when they vanished instantly. Second, these return messages never con tained the information I was seeking, and some of them appeared to have no possible connection with it ; and yet I was conscious that each of those dissolving views brought' me nearer the objeot of my search. Third, no communication oame back over tbe Zig Zag from tbe station where it finally delivered my despatoli, but instead theanBWer oame flashing over the Direct Line. This waa tne most perplexing part of the whole trans action; for, although assured that each, re* - turning message by the Zig Zag brought me one station nearer the station containing the object sought, I nerer knew how many still intervened, and tbe answer by the Direct Line invariably caught me puzzling over the last message by tbe Zig Zag, and gave me a little shock, like (hat experienced by a person when another jumps cut (Buddcnly behind him and cries, ' Boo.' Fourth, the number ol stations stopped at varied, and this variation appeared to have no relation with the remoteness or nearness of the intelligence desired. To make this clear, suppose A and B to be stations on the Direct Line— A containing stores deposited five years and B those deposited six months before ; messages to B would sometimes be oarried farther around and stop at more sta tions than messages to A. Fifth, to each despatch the return messages oame at regular intervals after the first, which took about twice the time of eaoh ot the others. Sixth, the length of the intervals varied with the varying despatches ; the answers to some coming very elowly, and to others quite rapidly. ? Seventh, sending and receiving meBsages by this line produced a certain strain on mind and body that was not felt when using the Direct Line. Ana now, having partially described the working of this line, I will go back to the time when I-disoovered it. I had been noti fied that a furloagh wonld be given me by ap plying at a certain office, to which I was directed, and, with visions of home floating before my mind, I walked into the room and stopped at the desk. A grave, stern-looking officer, with a pea ia his hand and a book before him, sat by tbe table. He looked up and said: 'Your name.' I gave it, and then supposed he would fill oat my farlough ; but instead be recorded my name in the book, and then inquired: 'What regiment do you belong to?' Of course I knew per fectly well that the information sought was among my stores, bat when I turned, to the past with tbe question, 'What regiment do I belong to I' I was. amazed to find that the Direct Line did not respond. My despatch was off on the Zig Zag, and soon the misty messages oame back : First mesBSgo by Zig Zag. A bleak field, with a swamp extending from side to side near the centre; the field endosed with b stockade, and orowded with wretohed, dirty, ragged men; outside the dead-lino, a long row of skeleton forms, with dead faces turned to the sky. Second message by Zig Zag. A long line of Union soldiers charging through an open field, with a forest before them; the line is broken and jagged, as if it had met a blizzard of lead ; there are empty saddles, and fallen flags, and a blae-and-red windrow of dead. Third message by Zig Zag. A regiment ol Boldiers on dress parade ; the soldiers wear blue coats ; there are figures on the fronts ot their oaps* By the Direot Line, Seventy-Bixth New York. I gave the' name of my regiment, and tbe officer dashed it down, and asked, brusquely: 'What company?' I ought to have been prepared for this question, bat I was not. My mind was so dazed with the strange workings of the two lines tbat I thought of nothing else until the question was put. Again I turned to tbe past, and inquired : ' What company ?' ana again the iZig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zag. A river spanned by a bridge ; beyond the bridge an *roh of evergreens ana flags ; a throng of men hurry ing over the bridge and under the«rch ; the men are emaciated and half -naked, but their faoes glow with joy. Second message by Zig Zag. A forest; Union soldiers grouped round a dead cavalry man; a sergeant with face turned toward the group, as if about to give an order; a line ot Confederate troops in front. 1 ii^,, n^^^faJSl1'1 1 By the Direct LiDe, Company F. I named tbe company, and the officer jotted it down, and said : ' Your captain's name? ' And the Zig Zag took the question. First message by Zig Zag. A long line of Onion soldiers, with a group of offloers on horseback in front ; the officers with field glasses to their -eyea; the ground in front descending to a small stream, then ascending to a ridge ; the ridge crowned with a line of Confederate earth-works and batteries ; sharp shooters deployed as skirmishers between the lines. Second meeaago by Zig Zag. A prison , pen; a scaffold; six men with ropes around their necks and meal-sacks drawn over their heads ; a sea of faces turned np toward the scaSold. Tnird message by Zig Zag. A brigade drawn up in hollow square ; a man kneeling on a ooffin, with a file of soldiers before him ; an offioer standing stern and pale, his ex tended right hand holding a white.handker chief. By the Direct Line, Captain Goddard. The officer took down tbe name, anil in quired, impatiently, ' When did you enliBt?' I bad noted bis growing irritability, and it in creased my distress. Other patients were waiting to be questioned. The fear that my mind was hopelessly shattered was growing into certainty. The strain on my mind and body incident to sending and rccoiving mes aages was intense. My knees Bhook under me, and great drops of sweat stood on my forehead ; but I turned doggedly to the past with the inquiry, 'i When did I enljet ? ' The Direot Line rejected tbe message, as it bad the others, but the faithlul Zig Zag did not desert me; although evidently over-worked, it oame bravely to the rescue, ana took my mcBsape. The first, response' was longer than usual in ooming, but it came at last. Message by Zig Zag. A largo Bheetiof water with a river emptying into it ; a snog harbor ; a grove of oaks with a speaker's stand in the centra ; the grove and stand covered with people. At this point the officer repeated the ques tion, 'When did you enlist?' The inter ruption broke the connection on the Zig Zag. The tone of the question demanded an im mediate answer of some sort. I made cne desperate effort to force the answer from the Direct Line, then I said sadly, ' I can't tell.' The officer laid down his pen, and said petulantly, ' I oan't give you a furlough if you can't tell me when you enlisted.' Oh, the agony of that moment 1 I was not to go home after all ? Waa it not enough tbat I was shattered in body and mind, bat must this very ruin cut off my last chance for recovery ? I thought not of tbe forms of respect due from a private to a superior ; 1 felt only the injustioe of fate. Tile instinct of selfpreser vation asserted itself. The old spirit of re eistnnce that had carried mo through bo many trials blazed out afresh for a moment, and I exclainied paasiontttoly :— ' Can't you make aomc allowance ? Can't you Bee what a wreck 1 am? I've been in prison, Ood known how long, and I've had the fever, and I can't think!' The protest began almost fiercely, but it ended in a wail. I broke down utterly, and cried like a child. For a moment the elience of the room was broken only by Bobs; then a gentlo voice said : ' I can make allowance ; don't distress yourself.' Could this be the voice of tbat Btern official? I glanocd at him through my tears,' and from tbat instant I have had a truer understanding of the story of tbe Iransligurulion. His face was as tender as a woman's. With the utmost gentleness, he assured me that the matter oould be ar ranged, that I must take time, and give the date aa nearly aa possible. Tbua euoouraged, I oommenoed again on tbe Zig Zag, and found the year, and then the month, but not tbe day. The furlough was granted, however, ind, storing the paper safely in my pocket, I took tbe first train for home. At first I was a good deal troubled about the peculiarities of the Zig Zag, but I soon uade a diBOovery that proved it to be a . riend, and also showed that the Direot Line, n refusing some of my messages and taking -thers, was acting according to law instead ot n a spirit of caprice, as I at first snpposed. Fhe work of the Zig Zag waa to open oom nunioations with tbe stations on the Direot Une, and it had only to convey one message to each Elation to accomplish this. When the message was reoeived.and the answer sent back by the Direot Line, the connection with that station by tho Direct Line was estab lished, ana messages flashed back and forth with their former regularity. I have before ipoken ot the messages that came unbidden ; these also opened communication on (he Direct Line, and to these two sets of stations my messages went straight. Stimulated by this discovery, I operated the Zig Zag cheer fully, for I knew that each returning message anlargea the area of thereoonquered territory. By means of the voluntary messages and tne efforts of the Zig Zag, I was soon in direct oommunication with most of the stations, and the use of the Zig Zag became theex Deption. At thia time I used to ponder a good deal on the Bubjeot, ana strive to :omprehond the working of these lines. One thing that perplexed me greatly was the gap between the last message by the Zig Zag and the return message by the Direct Line. On exploring these stations after direct commu nication had been established, I found that some of tbe 2ig Zag messages approached rery nearly the information required; for example, the one in regard to the company. It will be recollected that, in the last picture presented by the Zig Zag, a sergeant stood as if about to give an order. Now, the order really given was : ' Company F, into line ; ' bat as no inkling of what this ordir was reached me at the time, by either line, the gap, though apparently small, oouia not be filled up. At other times, I oould not, by the moat careful examination, find the least con nection between the last message by tho Zig Zag and the answer by the Direct Line. This puzzled me, and I imagined that some of the meBsages by the Zig Zag had miscarried, and had found their way to some unknown dead letter office; but I finally became satisfied that the gap, in each instance, extended only from the last station on the Zig Zag to the station ou the Direct Line containing the in formation sought. I now give the coarse of reasoning by which this conclusion was reached. Since the messages by the Zig Zag came at regular intervals after the first, and the first took doable the time of each of the others, I oonoluded that the despatoh I sent travelled ai exactly the same rate of Bpeod as the return messages. Thus, if A, B ana C represent stations on tbe Zig Zag, ana D the desired point on the Direct Lino, and the in terval of time between messages was five' seconds later, or at the exact time that my despatoh reached B ; while tbe message from B would reach me at the same instant that my despatch reached 0, and consequently the message from C would reach me at the same time that my despatch reached D, the point on the Direct Line ; and as the transmission of messages on the Direct Line occupied no appreciable time, this view of the oase was sustained by the fact that the answer by the Direct Line always oame to me while I was examining the last message by the Zig Zag. And now the history of this strange line is finished, at least so far aB my knowledge of it extends. I bid farewell to the Zig Zag for ever. Ah I but is it forever? Ab I sit in the twilight and waloh the gathering shadows, and think of the time in the not distant future when the shadows shall gather for the . last time, and when perhaps the parting soul will long to send the final messages of love, 1 »sk myself, 'Shall I not find it again?' 