TffRF GOSSIP. Br ADGOB. This afternoon the turf men of Victoria will keep up their Christmas holidays at Caulfiela, were tUe V.A.T.C, will provide some good sport, and notwithstanding the v&rions; coaster attractions the public will; patronise the heath very liberally. For my part, I don't think then is any spot in Aus tralia where recing can be more pleasantly enjoyed than at Caulfield, and if the elements j 1 be propitious pleasure-seekers cannot do better than journey thither. The mil will land passengers on the couree, and those who prefer the road can enjoy one of the j pleasantest drives in the vicinity of Mel bourne. As an introductory there is a Selling Race, in which several speedy customers are engaged, as the Btake is 100 so vs. probably most of them will put in au appearance. With a start I should select DELAMIA or FIBST POP to win. Royal Maid baa Mat. in the Hurdle Race, and as she is better at this game than on the flat her owner would only be studying his own interests if he were to slip her this afternoon in the hope of obtaining a Christmas box.1 Gasalier's performance with the Agent has evidently not been forgotten by the bandi capper, who {ails to remember her numerous defeats, otherwise be would not plaoe Iter within 71b. of Jfctoyai Maid. Agitation is something of a mystery to me, for there was a time when she wnsfe good mare, bat lately I think she has tUaappoiutetl wad more than once. It is some months since we saw Vulcan at his best, bat if he be anything like himself he should cany lOst 71b. very forward. General Jackson and Waverley are both good animals, and judging by his running at El stem wick-park last Saturday iBh'iuld say the former is fairly on the march," albeit he has incurred a 51K penalty for winning there. Waverley is the horse that Mr. Agiiew refused 700 guineas for, but he has jet to prove he is worth each a sum. That he will do su before the season closes I feel confident hut when? Echo answers when? Perhaps to-day, perhaps not G rattan has pretty well recovered from the; accident which befrt him when be fell and: killed poor Dicky Rowe. Oculist and Distiller are both useful animals, and the better of the two may win this afternoon, though I've a preference for ROYAL MAID and GASAIAEU, choosing the latter because I'm certain she will spin if she goes to the post A strong field is expected to face llr. Watson for the Summer Cup, and should Grace Darling be one of tiie number it will be interesting to know if she has retained; her spring form. She received a shaking when Bhe fell at Flemington, but it is gratify rag to know that she is now recovered, and even withSst 31b. np she will be difficult to beat At a mile I should prefer Merrimu to Britisher, bat as the course is a mile and a quarter and a distance I think the Ballarat horse will prove the chesnut's master, Acolyte is fairly well in at 8st 81b., and if St Lawrence were a starter probably I would select him before anything else, but he has departed for Sydney, where he will ran to day on behalf of Victoria. Lord Wilton has a nice racins weight, and if his owner con siders that he is worth backing tiie public will not go wrong in following suit Plausible wasreportea to have "a leg," but I don't think it is of much consequence, and he is reported to be doing wellj under Robert Sevior's care. Camerine is a mare that I have a fancy for over the distance. This season, however, she has not np to the present time main tained her character, and it is possible that the cooler weather of the autumn will be more congenial to her tastes. The Ghost, they tell me, doesn't like the sand of Caul field, but Velocipede has been w heeling along in great style at Flemingtoa, and this may be his day oat Sea Horse displayed a rare turn of speed at Ballarat, but i believe he is a very difficult horse to train, his legs having given Howie a deal of tenable. If Middle march coaid stay there would be no necessity to look any further for the winner, but his nnsicai propensities are so pronounced that le would probably be blown oat at a mile ind a quarter. St John has a weight that lie s completely master of, bat the brilliant son >f Conrad will notcarry his owner's colours x> the front this afternoon. Claptrap has luite aa much as he is entitled to, bat ie is partial to such a course, and so is The Agent when the race is on the flat, but he Jau stay any distance over hurdles. No liorae at Flemington is doing better than Remus, but Mr. Cook ooosiders it wiser to reserve him for one of the plums in the richer padding to be served an at the V.ILC. meeting on New Year's Day. Hill top and Bohemian belong to the inand-out division, though the latter is the more con sistent of the two, and when backed for pounds, shillings, and pence at the V.R.C. spring meeting won like, a racehorse. Nor shall I be surprised to see him perform satisfactorily to-day. Bend Or has not done much ol late, but for Mr. Redfearn's sake I hope the disappointing chesnut will win a good race this season. Mr. Barnard has not been hard upon him, nor has he crushed Duration and tineas, both of whom are handicapped at 7st. 31b. each. E.D. seems to me to be very badly treated, and why he should be placed upon a par with Marie Louise, Hippogriif, Lesbia, and All Gold is one of those handicapping freaks for which there can be no satisfactory explanation. Lesbia, will have to put up a 51b. penalty for winning at Elsteru wick-park, but that should not prevent the daughter of Tim Whifiler running respectably, and Marie Lonise, Hippogriif, and All Gold are ail handi capped to have a chance. Of the others, The Chanter and First Prince are both well treated, and as Selkirk was not foaled until December Mr. Barnard has given him a chance. I think, however, the places will be filled by HIPPOGKUT or BOHEMIAN, LESBIA, and CAXIURINE. There will be a very fair field for the Juvenile Stakes. Maddelina had incurred a penalty of 71b.. which will raise her weight to 9st. 41b., and for this reason I suppose she was scratched. Those which have not gained a winning bracket or re ceived 100 sov& of public money are entitled to an allowance of 71b., and this being so I shall plamp for DIVIDEND, next to whom I expect to see THE NUN and MCNWTBTINA, though I hear greataccountsof Sweet Marion. The Steeplechase will probably be a most interesting race. The jumps at CauIGeld are much easier negotiated than at Flemington, and therefore should suit NATIVE and MKUNDEB, one of whom should win, their most dangerous opponent perhaps being Lady Ashton. The biggest field of the day will assemble at the post for the Malvern Handicap, and SOLO, LANDO, and ALBAA*US strike me as being best in. New Year's Day falls on Friday next, and though there is little or no interest at present shown in the V. E.C. summer meeting, no doubt there will be a goodly number present to witness the sport at head-quarters. The Normanby Stakes is the first item on the cud, and this will bear an intercolonial character, as Pliillip Augustus may represent the Hon. James White and Maddelina the Hon. W. A. Long. Among the Victorians engaged are Dividend, First Consul, Damocles, Munwyr tina, Colleen Dhas, Louise Berta, and Manx man II. Maddelina has a 71b. penalty, and Acme 101b., which should help to equalise matters. The Standish Plate is certain to at attract a large field, and it is possible that Malua may be one of the number, for the great gun has, I jam told, arrived from Mr. IngUs's, and I presume he has gone to bis old quartets at ungnton. uvea with 9s& 131b. ap the ccack would not have much difficulty iu landing this rich stake if | be were in the same form as when he won the Melbourne Cup; but probably he may be'a trifle above himself, and, therefore, I shall look further down toe list. I've a great fancy for Ckuckster, who is a good horse over a mile. Velocipede is doing remarkably well at Fleiningtou, and so is St Odille, a filly that is nicely handicapped at 6st 61b. Then among the light weights is Islander, who gets along at a rare pace, and in the middle divi sion are Jocular, Norfolk; Duration, Meufc more, Albauus, Marie Louise, Lesbia, Laving ton, All Gold, aud Juanna; but, to make a long story short, I shall select CHOCKSTKR, DUBATION, and ST. ODILLE to fill the situations. For the Hurdle Race I like nothing better than THE AGENT, ROYAX. MAID, and INSOLVJ&T.; . ^Should Malua put in an apjiearouce for the Bagot Plate there will be some curiosity to Bee lithe great eon of St. Albans-has retained' his form. With nothing in it totnake mnch of & pace he can afford to be ft bit above hlmseliund win, even though the field Bhould tnfclude Ite2i nald, Sheet Anchol,* y&emuB;, ftfid Darling. With the,fcra<skflWfcBfWlftwrttff should Btick to this vM^elecS; SHEET ANCHOR to wit^vpoj the ?Steepletfh*fa;" I like nothing bettek ffiktf~JiMir^45W®^' The Midsummer pretty Strang field, and wlt&ouMSS;^'infcP the why and -wherefore I shall select Lifflu, BBITISHEB, and Angleset to fight it out for places, and in the Criterion Stakes I like nothing so well as THE Nun and MAIN SAIL. The Australian Jockey Club will celebrate Christinas time at Randwick to-day, and there is every prospect of a good day's sport. The Hurdle Race, which opens the proceed ings, may be won by Echo or Caloola/and then the juveniles will face Mr. Gannon fojt the December Stakes of 500 sovs. By bet victory in the llaribyrnong Plate Acme bae incurred a 71b. penalty, and Blairgowrie has to put up 31b. extra. Among the others en gaged are Philip Augustus, Yellow Jacket^ Cheshnm, Tamarisk, and Clio. It. is pro bable that Philip AugustaB will be called upon to carry the blue and white banner, in the event of which be or Blair gowrie ehould win. The Summer Odd will be interesting to Victorians, for we shall be represented by two very useful animals in St Lawrence and Metal, and I fully expect to »ee one of these in a place. If Honeydew were himself I should prefer him to anything else, but as I don't know anything about his present condition, perhaps, it would be wise to ignore him. Despot, the deceiver, will once more carry a good deal of public money, and as a mile and a half should suit him he may at last reward his admirers with a victory. Down among the lighter weights Bonni^ Bee, Espitgle, Tempe, Bnrrilda, Ben bolt, Phyllis, and Hexham all look well in, but the situations will probably be "filled by St Lawrence, Despot, and Metal The Selling Plate looks a good thing for Leumeah ot Rebus, Merlin or Pet Girl may win the Christ mas Gift, CrossGre or lirigantine the Two year-old Plate, and Tempe or Bonnie Bee the A.J.C. Handicap. Sydney Tattersall's will open the new year with a capital programme, fattersaU's Cup, of course, forming the centre dish, and no doubt there will be a very keen contest for this valuable prize. The A. J.C. Summer Cup may give something like a line, bat I doubt if one horse will win the two races, and from present appearances I favour the chances of the two Victorians, Metal and Off-Colonr. The Carrington Stakes, which will be run on the second day, will brine: out a very strong field, and here again I should look to Honey dew to win if ne were well; failing him, perhaps, Cerise and Blue or Ben Bolt will be found a good investment There was some interesting sport at Elsternwick on Saturday, and as Mr. Haydon took care to have the track well watered the dust fiend didn't play so many pranks as usual. General Jackson, who is a very useful Tasmanian, performed a little better than usual, and won the Hurdle Race easily enough; and, from the manner in which his countryman Warfield walked off with the handicap, I don't think there was much cause to find fault with the handicapper upon previous occasions. Warfield's owner purchased Mabel Gray, so that his threat to withdraw from the turf is not likely to be carried out, for the present at all events. Mr. Benzon, who was the donor of the " New Chum" Cup, donned silk once more, and his neat get up would have done credit to New market in England or " Jerome"-park in America, but, though his garments were of the Areherian pattern, I fancy the great English professional would not have made so much use of Parwan. What the result of the Steeplechase would hare been had not Goodwood and The Irishman fallen it is difficult to say ; but Pride is no dunce at the game, and will yet win a much bigser prize than that which fell to his lot on Saturday. They do say that some of the competitors in the Els tern wick-park Handicap were acting as "waiters," though, speaking couscien , tiously, I don't think auything in the race I could hare beaten Lesbia at the weights. She is a miserable-looking specimen o£ J anatomy, with scarcely any ilesh upon her bones, but that ehe can gallop she has proved upon several occasions, ana as much worse performers are far heavier weighted I don't see why she should not be in the front rank on Boxing Day and New Year's Day. Mr. James Hamilton, who has fcr Bome time occupied the position of secretary to the Tasmanian Turf Club, has determined to settle in New Zealand. During his associa tion with the T.T.C., Mr. Hamilton has per formed his duties in a most satisfactory manner, and I can endorse " Merlin's " re marks when he says that he could not have carried them out more conscientiously had he received £1,000 a year instead of a twentieth part of the Bum. I am sure I am only re echoing the sentiments of Victorian visitors to Tasmania in wishing Mr. Hamilton every success in New Zealand. As Mr. E. T. Barnard did not care to con tinue handicapping for Geelong, Mr. N. It. D. Bond lias been asked to apportion the weights for the summer meeting, and he has consented. T. Coffey left for Sydney on Monday last, and was accompanied by St Lawrence ana Indian Queen. Metal also was a passenger by the train. W. Murphy has leased half-a-dozen boxes at Newmarket, where he has Mlddlemarch and a Slanderer mare in work, and is pre pared to take three or four more. The conditions of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Sires' Produce Stakes appear this weelr. This race is to be run during the season of 1SSS-9, and the club adds 100 sova This year the stake was a rich one, and if studmasters will only nominate freely the value of the prize will be maintained in a worthy manner. Sires will have to be nominated with Mr. J. Hawkes, at Wagga, on Thursday, January 14. As a members' stand is under discussion Dy the members of the Victoria Racing Club, I would advise our turf magnates to pay a visit to the Melbourne Cricket Club ground, and inspect the new stand erected there. It. is the most commodious grand stand perhaps in Australia, and its entire cost will amount to nearly £13,000. With this before them there should be no necessity for the V.RC. to spend £30,000, as is proposed. No doubt the contractor who built the M.CLC. stand would be quite prepared to build a similar one for the Y.R.C., and us It will bold over 3,000 people, and lias luncheon rooms, ladies' rooms, &c.; underneath it should be .quite sufficient to meet the requirements of the members of the leading racing club. Mr. Leonard had a look over the M.C.C. structure one day this week, and he "was quite charmed with it Other members of the committee, should follow hiB example, tuid if they do I feel satisfied thfey will acknowledge She' just ness of my remarks concerning the build ing. . ..' Trafalgar, who wis bred by _ the^iTo^ ^^ Pearson at Kilinahy- pa^'disttuguiroedJi^^) self at the Tjyderal St, Itfger on the " xm bjr cai-, Hyderaboi the Peishha's Purse, Sparkle, Gst, 1.21b., being second, and Tnbletop, l>st 101b., third. The sale of gates and booths for Sydney Tattersall's meeting realised £738. Notwithstanding the depression in New Zealand the turf continues to thrive, and I notice that the little town of Blenheim, in whose vicinity I spent a very happy time with Mr. H. Redwood, i9 to have a two days' meeting. It says something for the district that it can give 200 sow. to the Marlborough Cup and 100 sovs. to the Racing Club Handi cap. The Redwood iuinily is well represented on the ofliciul list, for Mr. T. Redwood is president, Mr. J. Redwood Btarter, and Mr. 1'. Redwood clerk of the scales. Mr. II. II. Turnley, secretary of the Shepparton Turf Club, has requested me to notify that the stallions nominated for the Shepparton Sires' Produce Stakes of 1888 are Spark, Lntrobe, O'Reilly, Atfcler, Hermit, Saunterer. and Calamia. Those who have foals by tlicse sires are reminded that they are eligible ior the stake which closes on Monday, l 'cbruary 8. Mr. J. 1). Robinson has every reason to be well satisiicd with the entries for the prin cipal events of the Geelong Racing Club. There are 41 in the Geelong Cup and 45 in the Geelong Handicap, ana these numbers include many of our best handicap per formers. 1 >on Quixote is in the list, ana it will be interesting to see how he will shape after his trip to Mauritius. The Steeple chase bus not tilled well, for only nine horses have been nominated, the names of Mernder, Goodwood, Caledonian, Lady Ashton, Stud!ey, l'ride, and Wymlet being con spicuous by their absence, owners not caring to risk their horses in the summer. There are 14 in the Hurdle Race, 20 in the Juvenile Stakes, 10 in the Trial Stakes, and 21 in the Grand £f«ind Stakes. The Victorian steeplechaser Granville had a very short lite in New Zealand. He was engaged in the Otahulm jumping race, and a cablegram announces that he fell and met with such severe injuries that he died shortly afterwards. Thisii very hard luck for his purchaser, who only a short time ago gave Huh t a good price for the game son of old Ebor. Lord Carring ton has commenced his visits to Australian studs early. On Monday morn ing a special train conveyed His Excellency to Richmond, for the purpose of inspecting Mr. Andrew Town's famous stud of thorough breds. The party included the Chief Justice, the Premier, the Minister of Lauds, and Mr. XV. B. Dal ley, and they all enjoyed tlie outing. Mr. Town's yearlings, which are to l>e sold next month, were greatly admired, and I think it is quite within the bounds of probability that the present Governor of New South Wales will follow in the footsteps of Sir llcrcules Robinson, aud ran two or three in his own name. A meeting oi the Echnca Race Club was held ou Monday evening, at Martin's Com mercial Hotel, Mr. James Shackell (president) in the chair. A programme of events for the meeting on 20th January was arranged as fol lows:-Maiden I'late, 15 eovs., one mile and a half; Flying Stakes, 20 sova., three quarters of a mile; Echuca Handicap, 50 sovs., one mile and a quarter and a dis tance ; Hurdle Handicap, 25 sovs., two mi lea; Ladies' Bracelet, first 20 sovs., second 10 so vs., one mile and a quarter ; Milewa Stakes. 20 sova., one mile; Town Plate Handicap, 30 sovs., one mile and a quarter. Entries will he received op to Monday. January 1L The weights will be declared on the 16th, and the acceptances on the 19th. At the meeting of the Warrnambool Racing Committee on Monday the lollowing appoint ments were made for the year:-Mr. LL D. Evana, chairman; Mr. Hugh Murray, ho:i. treasurer; Mr. E. L. Helpmati, secretary; stewards, Messrs. K D. Evans, O. F. W. Palmer, C. Phillips, H. W. St Quinlin, J. A. Bromfield, and H. Murray; judge, Mr. Augustus Bostock. It was resolved to make a number of improvements on the course in time for the Boxing Day meeting. Among the many country meetings that take place on Boxing Day is that of the Winchelsea Racing Club, which promises to be a great success. In order to give the metropolitan division an opportunity of visiting Winchelsea a special train will leave Spencer-slreet this morning, and return in the evening. The races for quadrupeds will be supplemented by a number of prizes for bipeds, and the contest for the jumping championship of the colony will be one of the features of the day. Away up at Blackali the local racing club has established a Sires' Produce Stakes, the added money bc-ing 50 sore, and 5 sovs. subscription from each of the nominators of sires. One sensible condition attached to the race is that geldings shall receive an allowance of 5!h. and it would be a wise move for the V.ItC. to make this concession in future Derbies, St Legers, and Produce Stakes. The Rannymede Jockey Club has chosen Wednesday, February 10, for the annual race meeting. The programme will lie found in the advertising colnmns of this journal, and it will be seen that the principal events close with the hon. eecretary, Mr. John D. Wray, on Monday, January 18. The full programme of the Murtoa Racing Club appears this week, and it will be seen that the meeting is to extend over two days, the 11th and 12th February. The Murtoa Cup of 40 60V8. is the chief feature of the first day, and the Steeplechase of 35 SOVB. will be ruu on the second day. .Entries for the chief events close with the secretary, Mr. James Davidson, on Thursday, January 7. The Talbot Race Club will hold a meeting on Wednesday, February 17. In honour of Grace Darling's victory in the Caul field Cup Mr. Jos. Duffett last week in vited a number of hie friends to a ball. A spacious marquee was erected in the grand stand enclosure of the V.A/T.C. course, and an excellent supper was served in the luncheon-room. On the following day all the jockeys and stable-boys of the district were asked to dinner, and later in the day prizes were given for running, hurdle-racing, boxing, and other athletic sports, in which the youngsters Bhowed off to great ad vantage. "Merlin," in the Taemanian, says:-"A full meeting of the committee of the Tas manian Turf Club was held at the Criterion Hotel on Monday, Mr. Chas. Yonl (president) in the chair, Mr. F. W. Krushka wrote ask ing permission to work his horses on the Moworay racecourse from the present time to Hie race meeting, and the matter was left in the hands of tne secretary to arrange with Mr. W, C. Grubb. The appointments for the current year were then considered. Mr. Chas. Parker was again unanimously clected judge; Mr. Thos. Ilardman, starter; Mr. G. Horder, jun., clerk of the course; and Mr. R. D. Barnes, clerk of the scales; Messrs. Ferguson, Curren, and the secretary, course committee: Messra. B. r. Farrelly, E. H. Panton, E. Whitfeld.^nd J. B. Curren, canvassers. After aratherlengthr discussion as to the advisablMess rftiie club procuring a fj^^Wttse, im prolog . racing Um terminated." lilr. John Crozicrr consequence of not being able to obtain n suitable stud farm, ho lias determined to B . hU stud of thoroughbreds, including ttiiu well-known performer Savanaka and a lew choice inares, The old grey was one otthe games t horses that ever carried a saddle, ana if he gets stock like himself he would be an acquisition to any stud. _ Mabel Gray, who was purchased t>> ur. O'Hara at Elsternwick-park, has joined i. Kelly's string. . " . * Mr. F. F. Dakin advertises a very well-bred mare for private sale. For up- country racing, or as a brood mare, she should be valuable. The Ascotvale Handicap, to be run at Moonee Valley meeting on the 2nd 01 January, has not filled so well as I expected, but the quality'of the 22 engaged is above the average. Owners of horses will bear in mind that the general entries close atMr. Cox a oince, Kirk's Bazaar, at 4 p.m. on luesday next, and the events to close are worth attention. The first item is the Maiden Plate, of Wlsova.. Ave furlongs and a half, special weights, - yre, 6st 41b.; 3 yrs, Tat 61b.; four years old and upwards. 8st., and mare and geldings are allowed 31b. This is a race that has become very popular. Next to it is a Selling Race ot 50 sovs., half a mile, and the other events are a Steeplechase, of CO sovs.; Selling Race, of 50 sovs., for two-year-olds ; and the January Handicap, of 50 sovs., half a mile. Those who have horses engaged in the V.R.C. Normanby Stakes are again reminded that forfeit must be declared and paid beiore 11 a. ui. on Thursday next, December 31. The gates, booths, and right to sell re freshments on the V.1LC. course will be dis posed of by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., at Kirk's Bazaar, 011 Tuesday next, the .fltth inst There has been some wagering on tlie A.J.C. Summer Cup during the week. St Lawrence has been most in demand, oOO to 00 having been taken on Monday, and later on 800 to 100 was accented. Cerise and Blue has also been backed to wiu a fair stake at the same odds. , , . In April next the breeders of Australasia will have an opportunity of securing some ot the choicest gems in the Stud BOOK, for on the 7th of that month Mr. Clibborn (111 con junction with Messrs. W. C. \uille and Co.) will dispose of the whole of the Terrara stud. This establishment contains Kobinson Cru soe, and his famous son Navigator, also Graud Prix, Piscator, and Guinea; and among the mares are some of the best in the southern hemisphere, including old Rose of Denmark (the dam of Florence, Hamlet, and Horatio), Cocoanut (dam of Navigator), and a tremendous number of mares through whose veins courses the famous Juliet blood. No doubt the break-up of so valuable a breed ing establishment will create some excitement among the breeders of Australia, and there will, doubtless, be a big crowd in attendance when Messrs. Ciibborn and Yuille submit the thoroughbreds to public competition. The Echuca programme appears this week. It includes the Echuca Handicap of 50 sovs., a Hurdle I'ace, Ladies' Bracelet, Town Plate, and three other races. Entries for the chief ] events close with the secretary, Mr. P. O'Brien, on Monday, January 1L The numbers left in the Geelong Sires' Produce Stakes and Foal Stakes are not very numerous, there being 14 in the former and 1G in the latter; but die Foal Stakes includes two of Sir William Clarke's that are j dead, the Angler-Coquette filly and the Angler-Topaz colt, both having paid the 1 debt of nature, BO that ther must have been . left in by mistake 1L Yeend informs me ] they weic scratched some months ago. Mr. Thomas informs me that, in conse quence of Monday being a bank holiday, the Uowes's Tattersall's settling over the j V. A.T.C. meeting will take place at noon on Tuesday. , The two Macaroni mares recently imported will be sold by auction by Messrs. Yuille and | Co., at their Newmarket-yards. 011 Monday. January 4. Breeders should bear this in . mind, for no better bred mares have ever ] been imported. Elon, a horse that Mr. Eli Jellett gave away some time ago, figured at a race meet ing at Brunswick on Christmas Day. He ren . for the handicap, and was beaten. It is a most curious coincidence that in this race he appeared with a white face, while in a Con- ] solation, which waB run at the end of the 1 day, the white had disappeared, aud the horse's face was a most pronounced red. ! A match for £100 a side wa3 arranged be tween Stafford and Rhoderick Dhn, to ran a mile, the former to carry 12st, and the latter j list., with Messrs. Benyon and Johnston as j the respective riders, but the stewards of the , V. A.T.C. refused to allow the match to take place at CanlGeld, consequently it has been I declared off. Scratchisgr.-V.fl.C.-Sormanby Slakes-General 'Gordon, St. Paul, Kernel filly, Dark Duke, Washing ton, Mi.-a«bcr, Clio, Aura.v. Purple and Black, Harmony, ICssie, Crane, llot Iron. Ktuudish Plate R.D., M.ddlemarch. Midsummer Handicap-E 1). AU Engagements-'Yule Cake. By telegraph tve bare received tiiefollowinT scratch ing for the Wiuchelsca Boxin; Day Meeting Hindoo and Molrow out of the Hurdle*Race ; Stone broke and Sinking Fund out of the Handicap; Equity and Snip out of the Ladies' Bracelet. Jiimny, Kobin Hood, Topic, Beziquc, Lucy Long-, Silver Kiuir, Be linda Vale, Cannon ball, Rosalie, Punch, JIiiu l, Dajj n'orth, and The Beiadecr hare ilso accepted fur tbe Handicap Trot. 