.. Fo:UlJ MIINUTI.tL' UNDE WATIR- .?. :1 ien the monejenit . rrired for BHatt to go under for hlisfour-minite trial heisfonid cigaecllf to the left, falling .i eo.his'rig lit knee;.his luet Ii being. xtendeld iiosn the tank and his" chin'ust tooching theo ld.:et Thil. h, riisn:d his "chin'a few inches, oionerd'his iribnth: swit':, drew long big breath to inflate his luons withli n nimch anras possible" and ianik into.o:o carzier, facing' the audience, with his head re?iin iti'the angle of the glass ease .His eyes weer closed, and heappeared like one asleep For a soiilutc eto did not nioi'd a muetl. ';therec net beii'g . lerooptcibihle mbvent of aho' taij'.e,..Ton r In et n ea d"'t Iminuti,;o ihcr aa a oiboemeit of the right hnd; rnid thih ofolthc 'oedly',, ao !etwrtly'afterward the clhenb bdgin to rilsie antialk, At tiwai itiiiotes it was apparent tha t the men-fish hai begun 'to suifor. On foat ii:as linit drawn up, and his right handl eltelhd the a'idr'ddhvalhv'ely.' At-thrie minutes thebpectacle became on of extremeogony to most of the loekers-on.. The man's lungs were fghting for joygen. His broad; cheat rose and fell like that of.a person.: aking a last; grand struggle' for one more breath of air. - Bubbles were conhing thick and fanst from hisnose to the serface of the water, denoting the escape:of the last of'tha life'givingremnant from his body. His fot?i vritlid and his legs"trembled like those of a victim on the gallows: :As the seconds piled up the horors of death from asphyxig gathered on his o is hmouth opened and shut quickly, hnd tiwo white' eyballs glared from the water. - Spec t~tors beiap to get'sick with teiror. On their faces were reflected thoelagony of theoian ih' the' tank. n artist who had hold of the reporter's den, clutched it a if he would teirtoh flesh' 'if, and said'-"Good God! whi' don't th'ey take the man out' : The' facesn of the tinimkeepers and judges were livid with horrible excitomerit, and when Mr. Steigers called out ,wildly, "Three minutes and a-half!" ' Several exclimned, "That'i enough!" and'lManager Gregory cried, "Take the man out; I'l glie the mohey up!"'" Bdt the man stayed, piling one secohdon anotherin his terrible feat The whole -museun, was in·a state of uno utterable sispense. The Mnadagascar,womanand the Albino man, the spotted boy, the armless and legleas man; the lady vocalists aid the male gymnasts were watching in breathless horror0 the ladins saying, 0Ohwhydon't theyttake him outl" At t siees aid three-quarter, minutes 'there 'were sigoificant indications' that nature ; had eur rendered. The body ceased to moye, there were no more'contortions,. the" head was limp:upon the breast. For theapast minute the spectators had been sustaineda byj the holpe that the distortions were the simple' incidehts of a pro. longed 'holding 'of- the breath;- but :now they were certain that, the man"'ad' givo up the ghost. "Take him out!"0 " Take him out!" was the 'geheral cry. Bit no one moved;' " Five secodnds more, if he can livoe'througi it!" called out Timekehper Steigere, his oyes flashing with iiingled 'excitement and terror. 'How those five secondsdiagged. ''Fourminutes!"called Stigers, bte the man in the glass case did not move;. Ie lay'like one asleep in death.; Then there-were fearful cries of.?! Take him outl".and attendants rushed to thtetank. His coat of mail weighs over twenty pounds, and one man could not handle him, and when' the assistant got over the tank and Blatt was'diawn up four minutes eleven and a half seconds had expired. Hoe was as limp'as a ra.,Hia body and!limbs tll'oenn'd like- a man ' Roll him on the fioor!" were heard on all sides. For a moment they rested the body on the frame of the taik; then it'wni'draggd down, hitting heavily against the railing of the small stairway leading tothe platform.: Many people rushed out aa if they wanted to eseape the last act of the tragedy. 'But in'the midst of aiild uproar and excitement, when every one was filled with a horror that a life had been wantonly'sacificed, Blatt began to show'signs of vitality, add all at once he struggled to his feoot, rbbed his eyes and head vigorously, looke?l.swildly about him and said:-" Ladies and gentlemen, I can beat that time."-,St. Louis Gltobet emocrat ,. 