Ifoovelfct. HllToNE MISTAKE By BERTHA M, OLAY, ?» OHARMU LXVI,-(CONTINUED.) "It looks lilie aplace to be haunted," said Lord Carsdalostill, a sea-washed jetty i? rather a strange place for a ghost. What Idnd ot ghost is it ?" . " Well, you know, sir, of course it is no ghost-there is no suoh thing; but I tell you one thing, nono of our young people would oome here alter "dark, and I do not mind saying that I have often had a turn myself," " What is it, then ?" asked Lord Oaradale, " To tell you the truth, ftir," said the old man, "it is a lady. I thhik some gtoat trouble has driven her mad. Bho looks like it." "What does alio do?" continued Lord Oaradale, growing interested. " Well, she never oomea here, air, before the gloaming, and she is BO shadowy, to still, so white, and so beautiful, that people hava a kind ot dread other. I have seen her often enough, and her faoe is quito transparent; it is like marble "with the moon shining on it. Sho oooma always to oome with tho gloaming, and sho goea away with tho groat davkne-aa. She aits right at tho end of tho jetty, there where tho water touohea those black arches. I went to her once," continued tho old wan, see ing that bis liatoner was interested. " I said to myself thero was nothing to be afraid of, and I went to her. " Are yon aot afraid of the waves?" I said to her; and, sir, I nlmoafc foil baok into tho sea myaelf when she raised her face and looked at mo, I did not know that thero could be auoh a face in all the world." "What was it like?" asked Lord Oaradale, " It would take one moro olover than I am to tell that. It was lfko nothing I have ever seen on this earth; it was beautiful, like the i&tia; ot an angel in a picture, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she bad cried-tho grief on it was past all tears; and yet there was a strange light, a curious strange light. I said to her, " Are you not afraid of jfcho waves?" and then she lookod as I told you. It took mo some time to get over that look. Then I said: " When thoy reaoh these black arohes thoy are dangerous," I said ""Sea, I know," she replied; and, for mo, such a voice was worth heariug; it was sweet and sad as a cooing dove, " Do you know," I continued, " that dangor in this oaso means death?" "Yea, I know it," she answered, "Yon need not trouble about mo. Do you Bee thia mark here ?" She raised her hand Bueh a white hand, sir, like a Bnow- flake-and sho pointed out to mo a great blaok notch in the wood. " You seo this?" she repeated, and I said " Yes." " I shall sit here," she said, " night after night until tho waves reach hero, aud when they reaoh horo I shall die. Oh, wolcome death I Ob, beautiful death 1 I shall die; it will not be suioide; I shall not kill myself; but the waves will oarry me ao gently out to sea-no gently so aweotly I" Sir, I drew back, frightened at her; neither her face nor her voico wore like anything earthly. That was more than two weeks sineo; now I watch hor, and I havo my boat ready. If ever I seo her in danger, I shall do my bast to flavoher," "It is a strange story," said Lord Gars dale. " All tho young people are shy of going noar the jetty ^ It used to be a famous place for love-making: now, when that silent figure steals so gontly aud quietly along, every one vanishes as though by magic," , "What timo do you say tho poor lady oomea?" aBkedLord Oaradale. "Only in the gloaming sir; only in the gloaming," said the old man, as ho walked away. 