SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA RACING CLUB. NEW YEAR'S DAY MEETING. A southerly wind and a cloudy sky gave promise early yesterday morning of a glorious day for out of door sport, and well that promise was fulfilled Though shorn of the great attraction of the Champion Race, there was yet sufficient in the programme put forward by the Victoria Racing Club to draw a fair attendance to the 1 rein ington course Among the visitors were His Excellency the Governor, Lady Loch, and suite the load out presented a very animated appearance, and as it had been the roughly watched not the least inconvenience was occasioned by dust The parterres on the lawn were bright with flowers, and there was plenty of room for the promenades, this portion of the stand enclosure was much patronised during the afternoon The first thing that attracted the notice of the visitor on striving on the course was the unwelcome information conveyed by the scratching board that M ima and Mozart were scratched for the Winter Plate, thus leaving Mr Pearsons pan, Commotion and frying pan, alone in the race The scratching of Malua produced a general feeling of disappointment, for the chief and with many the only feature of interest in the d ivsiacingwus the contest between those "mud performers, Commotion and Malua the course was look in very well, while the space inside the stand enclosure was carpeted with a velvet verdure that was most refreshing to look noon, and was in marked contrast to the hill, which were the tawny hue of summer the Hurdle H ice, with which thepto-ramniecommenced, brought out ten starters Lady Teazle being the favourite Gusahcr and Dunstan were both well supported Sir Patrick was first quoted at 10 to 1, but he was so persistently backed that the price advanced to Oto 1 at the tan Lady Teazle cut out the work for the greater portion of the distance Sinking 1 and took first place along the back stretch, but faded away before reaching the abattoirs Dunstan made a have this done by the sheds At the home turn Sir Patrick came up with a spurt, and soon dies posie- of Lady Teazle, led home an easy winner by nearly three lengths Dunstan beat Lady lease by a head for second place Sir Patrick's running in this race presented a stioiigcontiust to his performance at Caul- field last week The next event AIMS the Bagot Plate, which resulted in a walkover for Commotion. After the nsu ii interval for luncheon, the quartette of starters were brought on to the course for the Normanby Stakes, Monte Christo being heavily backed at odds tiguuiHt the held The favourite just bed the confidence of his backers by winning in brilliant style, none of the other competitors being able to pace with him at the finish. Uni) live horses started for the Steeplechase, each being well supported, Chieftain was the favourite. The race was a chapter of accidents. Denmark led away, but before going far gave way to Chieftain, whose reign was a short one, for he fell at the next fence. The horse appeared to dwell on his head for an instant, and Scobie was in some risk of being run over by the other horses. He made a plucky but unsuccessful attempt to catch his native. Denmark then led to the stand, dwelling greatly in his jumps Black- thorn was nearly up with him when he chested the stone wall with such force that he threw Kilduff lull) Oft in the air. As soon as the horses passed by the crowd rushed up to the jockey, who was apparently killed. Though several policemen were on the spot, they made no effort to give the injured man breathing room. Denmark held his lead along the back stretch, and round the far turn ; near the sheds Cricket and Echo closed on him, but at the fence by the training ground Cricket tell and Malone was left sense- less on the ground. Echo was pressing Denmark closely as they came to the last fence, where Echo swerved, on taking off and clearing out a couple of panels, rolled over, and gave Corrigan a bad fall Denmark then cantered in alone Though much shaken, none of the jockeys were seriously injured. A good held of '22 horses started for the St radish Plate, for which Bohemian and Fryingpan were most fancied. Mozart made the running from soon after the start. In pigeon was galloped on to near the sheds, and lost a deal of ground in the straight Tr) Ingpen came through the field, and Middlem area made a run upon the outside The match was one of the finest ever seen on the Victorian turf Middlemarch, Fryingpan Ironmaster, and Anglesea passed the post in that order, separated from each other by a short head 1 Fryingpan was lriicU cut on the hind legs The Midsummer Handicap with which the racing terminated, brought out 15 starters, ( commotion being the favourite at even money) Boolka made the running to the home turn, where Camerme assumed the lead Commotion did not put his heart into the work till rounding the home turn Indeed, at the. sheds he seemed to be hopelessly out of the race V hue set to took place between Ctmerme and Com motion The mare was leading till the last moracain, with Commotion steadily but slow I) gaining on her Most people thought the mare had won, but when the numbers w cut up showing the judges hat was in favour of Commotion the information was received with a ringing cheer from all parts of the ground The racing was admirably) conducted throughout, and excellent time was kept in starting the various races The to lowing are the details - HURDLE RACE. A handicap six capstans of D sovs each £1103 It, with loaded About nine miles Mr A Ferguson's br g Sir Patrick, J Creagh Patrick b j is list -in (Ferguson) 1 Mr A Selman s b li Dunstan, 6 yrs lost, his (Allen) 2 Mr J Wire s from Lady Teakle, 5 yrs, lost 8lb (Scobie) 8 Hon W Pearson s li in Cavalier, - jrs, list 2lb (Malone) 0 Mr A M Donald's b g Omadhaun, 2 v rs, last. Gib (Ringwood) O R A S Sullliansblí Ontario, 0 is.,, lost Iib (Betty) O Mr J M Grade s b h Tantallscr, 0 j r, 10st 3lb (Will.) 0 Mr J Simson s bl li Sail in land G j rs, 10st Iib (Harden) O Mr A P Wintle b r Merlin 4 j is, Out is (light) .. O Mr J O Inglis's b m Brenda, aged, East. 46 (M Gowan) O JUcttiiifr -- to 1 agst Lady Teazle, G to 1 each aged Gos-ilicrand Dunstan, C to 1 each agst Sir Patrick and Ontario, is to 1 each agst li raid a mail Milking fund canvasser was showing in front a. the horses went away, Lady, Toadlo and building land being next, C. mother was last Before ponies made stnd»-Lad\ hearts assumed the . command, Merlin taking second place After a tap followed Brenda and Ontario at the head of a cluster Lady Italy led into the straight Mcilln frauds Met on Fund air Patrick, and Oiiiadhauii were showing in a bunch m-incdiatch behind The hurdle in front of the stud has crossed to the following orders ady Itwk, Brenda and Merlin together, followed by Gitsaliei Omadhaun and Sinking I and fair Patrick and jfWahsor were to "usher in the rear Lady Le Flo ltd round the turn, where Still my hand went up with a fast run, Brenda, was close hand and pulling double Come along, the, back stretch Sinking- 1 and advanced to first place, with Lath leases in close attendance, Brenda was next and try close up, the others followed in a cluster, with Dunstan showing prominently Ont mo, Tantaltser, and Merlin were behind, and straggling a good deal Sinking Fund dropped back, at the far turn, and Lady Teazle again took up the running At the abattoirs Dunstan unit up level with Lady Teazle Sir 1 and, Uu ml I am ing Fund, and Gawler were next in that order head the sheds Gasalier struct a hurdle Indian negro came down, thereby losing much ground Lady Teazle and Sir Patrick entered the straight running together, Brenda and Dunstan bein,, next by I and drew out as they came on and Dunstan made an effort to get upon the Public Sir Patrick led home an easy winner by two lengths and a half, an ad separate;; second and third Brenda way fourth, Gasalier nest a dozen lengths off Ontario, Mo. Un, and families were next in that order Time, 3 m 6yrs in motor drivers A sweepstakes of! 5 Sovs each, 11 rest , ^vItHS2S added, - u sets and all the sweepstakes for the brothers 0 for the second, and - for the third 101 three y ears old and upwards A eight for use One mile and three quarters Hon W Pearson's b h Commotion, by Panic evening Star, Mrs (Hans) A 0. no isouMWin sTAKEs. (Nominated June, shed ) saucepans osf C&ote; each, 4 ft, with 400 added. for Uoyt-aisold-colts, list 10lb fillies, M 7lb The second horse to receive 50 SOVS, and the third "seats out of the holes The winner of the Mark Dulong State to carry 7lb extra of any other Xdco (not being a handicap of the value of loOfioti. or upwards 10lb extra Inclusion (cessity) Hon J V White s bl or 2 Monte Christo, bathe after -Kathleen, 9st, including 4lb penalty (rates) Mr M Jacobs's ch Lady Claudie, by the Drummer -Camilla, but 7lb (Robertson) 5 It J Wilson s jim b o Dunlop, by Neckersgat -b the. man- bat 10lb Greece) Mr H L Smith s ch f Melodious, by Goldsbrough -AUloJ), fest 7lb (O Brien) 0 netting - 10s to JJ at Monte Christo O to 1 east Dunlop, as to 1 agst Melodious, and 10 to 1 assist Lady Claudia Dunlop was first away Melodious and Monte Our to were next together As they entered the straight Monto Christo was lead in or on the inside, with. Melodious very close up, Dunlop u as well for waldon the extreme outside Monte Christ i drew out in the street and won very easily by three lengths Lady Claudia time well at the finish and gained second place , Dunlop was a good third, and Melodious last Time, 1m (4s A handicap sweepstakes of 5 Sovs each Tit, with 100 added the second horse to receive 50 so; s and the third ' cows out of the stake About two miles and a li If Mr S M Wilson s he Downs is!, by Horatio, aged, 8st 10lb (Cree) 1 Mr G llaa*>eocka br g Blackthorn, aged, list lOlh (Kilduff) 0 Mr H U Talbot's ch " Echo, aged. list 10lb (Corrigan) 0 Mr- It Oars b tf Chieftain (late view Billion), aged, but Oib 0 Mr J Cowan begins! at 0 is, by Angara, Oat Sub (Malone) 0 1 cattle" - as to a most Chieftain, 4 to l each agst Echo and Dciunarl t 5 to 1 each cost Blackthorn and luck at Denmark led in a, black thorn being no fc. Echo was list lashing the abattoirs Dcnnnri w III still leading three lengths in front of Wael thorn, Chu train, and 1 riel et who came running to pether Echo was still hat Near the sheds Chieftain pins ed Don um it, had led to the next stage where he fell and despite 'Scobie;. tHurts got a wiser that with the trained the horses were running in the follow in order -Denmark!, with it let them call level, I also and Tucker next to "other IHackthorn struck the stone wall with his chest and threw Kilduff beach Denmark led round the turn, 1 club and and To. Let 1 ring next in and to order Denman! held his position in li out along; the back stretch and round the far turn, R H 1 it and J cho for low i at about trace lengths off Po*«*»iii_r the sheds Trickett and Lehu was closing, onlHinnarl , but at the next fence Incl el fell At the last fence 4ferho, when very close up to Denmark, BY, et ved in taking off, and cleared out a couple of panels, "Lying Cor_iDai_ a bad fall Denmark eau tered in alone June, at 385 THE STANDISH PPA 11 A handicap sweepstakes of li) song each, 6 10s ft, with (J O added 161 of a and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 100 for the second and 6 for the third for two years old and upwards One mile iii A Han c3 9 h or br c Middlemarch by Man byinon_-Housemaid, 4 p , 7st 8lb (Murphy) 1 Hon W Pearson a b or br is 1 disrepair, I am, what Ulb (Power) 2 Mr J Whittingham's ch li Ironmaster, D Mrs, Sst (Olds) 3 Mr D S M alleges b h Clmil ster, 0 j is, Ost (O liner) 0 Mr A 1 build an s "' h -and, aged, 9st lb (Burton) 0 Mr A H Robertson s lit c Dill Ifettcralcl,-!}», Sst Gib (UluJlcs) O Mr W holds b of to i Messrs, - yrs, 8st Dib (Campbell) 0 Mr D M Robertson such 11 Royal Iilghinatt, Drs, Sst off (Ettridge) 0 Mr S G Cook's li li Anglesey, 6 yrs, 8st 8lb (Laban) 0 Mr J V. Wilson's, jun , be Meteor, 4 y ra, bat -lb (Vooic) 0 Mr W R Birdwood like Duration, 4 yrs 8st Jib (li wins) 0 Mr J A Little, 3 b c Tipler, 4 j is, 7st 12 lb. (I arrest) 0 Mr W F Jones 9 s The Andes, aged, 7st 10lb (William n) 0 Mr I A Lang's ch c Cirbunele, 4 yrs, The Sill (Robertson; 0 Hon J WhitOHChf Icmpc, yrs, 7st 3lb (Hales) 0 Mr I Roiltcarns br I studs, 4 yrs, 7st Jas. (Flanagan) 0 Mr J D) Robertson s b or br t Darrell, 3 Mrs 7nt Jib (loon) 0 Mr T isinglass eli o Achilles, 4 yrs, 7st 2lb (U easel) 0 Mr A li Donald a b li Coup d East, 0 yrs, 7st, carried 7st 4lb) (Williams) 0 Mr 0 11 1 Halts lit Gymkhana, 4 yrs, 6st 10lb (bankers) 0 Mr R Jones's br c Bohemian, 5 yrs, 6st 10lb (Bird) 0 Mr li Dalness bro Giisys Martini-', 3 yrs, 9st 2lb (G Williams) 0 Betting -4 to 4 yrs Bohemian, M to 1 agst Crying Sin, 8 to 1 agst Chuckster, 10 to 1 each Test match, station, Middlemarch, and The Andes, 12 to 1 cost At bille Ironmaster appeared to be first away. Xapior was very slow on his legs. Before going far, Mozart was taken to the head, The Andes. Ironmaster, and Darrell were ne; it in that order. Yatoty and Middleman, were being well back. Passing the sheds, Mozart was still in the lead, Ironmnster, Tempe, and Anglesey were close up. Fryingpan when in a good position was galloped on to, and dropped back suddenly. bearing the turn for home, Ironmaster cut his head in front of Mozart, and the pair entered the straight together. Halfway home frying-pan came through the field, and assumed the lead, and soon after Middlemarch, who came fast on the outside, joined him in the lead ; Anglesey and Ironmaster were very close up. A magnificent finish ensued, the horses passing the post in the following order-Middle match, Fryingpan, Ironmaster, and Anglesea, separated from each other by only half a head. After a gap of half a dozen lengths followed Tempe, with Meteor, Vntoly, and Carbuncle next, in that order. Time, 1m. 42s, MIDSUMMER HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of follows. each, and 10s. ft., with 276 son added ; 200sovs and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 60 for the second, and 25 for the think For three years old and upwards. The winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. after the declaration of the weights to carry 5lb. extra. Ono tulle and a half. Hon. Wm Pearson's b li Commotion, by Panic Evening Star, 0 yis, lOst. lib. (Power) .. 1 Mr. G. Davis's b in Camerino, aged, 7st. 8lb. (Haley Mr. J. Itcdfearri'tích f Madcap, 4 yrs, 7st. 10lb. (missed)) 8 Mr. P. M. It ob cr son's b h Colstoun, 5 yrs 8st. ? 111. (Ethridge) 0 Mr. S. Martin's br h Coriolanus, 3 yrs, 8st. 111. (Blair). Mr. S. Miller's B or br h Boolka, 2 yrs, st. lb. (Olds). .... 0 Mr. J. J). Robertson's br o Precious Stone, 4 yrs. 7st 12 lb. (Poon) . ,. 0 Mr. J. D. Robertson's b c Anchorite, '4 yrs, 7st. 12lb. (Robertson). Mr. P. S. Wallace's b c Capri, 4 yrs, 7st. 7lb, (O'Brien) .. 0 Mr. T. Shelley nt b h Creswick, aged, 7st, 2lb. (Sanders)" ,. ,, ., ,. M M>0 Mr K Jacobs's ch o Bend Or 4 yrs, 7st 4lb (Moore) Mr a Davis a br m Lesbia 6 j rs 9st. 10lb (Cope) Mr H Fisher's b m Impulse 5 jw Oat 7lb (Flanagan) Mr J G Holds ch m Grace Darling 6 ira 6st., 8lb (carried 6st 10lb )(T Williams) < Betting over agstCommotlon. 10 to 1 each aged ' Capri and Lesbia 1. to 1 agst Coriolanus is to 1 agat Anchorite, 16 to 1 agst Caruorlne, 14 to 1 -gat Crea dark. Camerino was showing In front as the horses went away Boolka and Anoharito being at the head of the others Bend On is last Round ing the turn past the stand Boolka had taken the lead Camerino Corio lands and Colstoun Metro next. Conjecture and Bend Or were together. In the rear. The horses ran along the back stretch 'in the same order Commotion drawing up to the front division as they went on Hounds the star turn Boolka 2 is leading with Cap' and Madcap nearly lord Grace Darling, and Con features were showing at the head of the second division Boolka and Capri raced together test the sheds Lesbia had come up to third place Commotion had dropped back Impulse ten joined the leaders and entering the straight Boolka Impulse Madcap und Camerino were close together As they headed for the stand Camerino drew it in front and Commotion as soon coming; forward on the outside A splen is 1 struggle ensued, Come often gaining on the mare slowly but cor family The pair posed the post locked together, CoinmcMon gaining the judgos\crdlot by ball ahead Madcap was third two and a half lengths away Then followed impulse Corioiar is Bend Or and Boolka Rose together Time "m FOR. VICTORIAN CLUB RACES The following are the handicaps for the Victorian Club Races to be held on the Flemington course on Saturday next All horses not scratched before 11 o clock on that day will be held liable for the whole of the sweepstakes - BunDLE river st lb st lb Sir Patrick . 12 Ditto 6 12 Gasalier 11 Boroondara 9 9 The Agent Placard in a Ontario 11 9.10 1 Peacock 0 7 Lady Teazle 10 11 Tnntnllscr 9 7 Bello Brandon 10 I r ootniQU 9.0 Omadhaun 100 Bren la 9 6 Sinking Fund 100 Concord S 4 Hunter s 11 Jet 9.0 Devices 9 1. Coekboat 9.0 Assegai 0 12 Merlin 9.0 STUd LEGAL. st lb st lb Blackthorn 1\. - The Baron 10 3 Denmark 1' J cattle 100 Cliieltaiu 11 0 Kctlcent 9.10 Echo 11 0 -Pickett 9 a -fictitious 11 4 1 tin 9 7 Abdall ill 10.10 Hector s 7 lame 100 being John 9.7 IV 0 YEAR OLD STAKES. sLlb st lb First Pop 3 6 Remus 7 9 Sunny Days S 4 I great 7 8 Fglluton 8 1 Farina 7 3 Derision " 12 Solo 0 10 Gelston 7 11 Toronto 0 7 ROTORUA 01 -B CUP Friinppan _ 1 Muscat Guess ark 2 6 Cnrb more Colstoun 0 2 All lines Chuckster B n The Andes Court "by 8.10 Cnjrl 1 la visible 8.0 Bend! Or Boolka 3 7 lesbia lode of the Hills 8 6 Darrell . Klnuw ood 8 4 Alpl abet Mozart 8 3 Grace Darling; Al those 8 _ Imp also Pte ironstone 8.0 Josephine -still 8.0 Bells or head cap Camerino 8.0 Coup d East 8.0 V met Dirk Elsterwick 7-12 Cupola Du ration 7 12 Agatha And write 7-12 Amelia Victoria Um rate 7 0 Mrs Marie. Claptrap 7 B Smiling r i d Time of 7 B HOOL MAN as r-R8_. fit. lb Frj union an 10 4 Carbuncle Louise 1 0 8 Scarr douche Hurrlcai o 0 1 Auarcl y Boolka 8 10 Darrell Chuckster a it Madge Conlnpiby 8 11 Sirocco Precious Stone 8 11 Distiller Prometheus 8 7 I times -Mozart 8 S Lucky Hit Royal Irish i ian 8 b Gymkhana a At sales 8.5 Bohemian Iron Master 8 4 Mirrlmu Duenna 8 4 Joseph Ino Duration 8 a Xantippe The Ghost a Arch to Umberto 8 2 Alphabet lately 8 2 Acadia Slettor 8 2 C ipola Dirk Uattcralck » 1 'Vases And onto " 11 Bolivar 1 Sillitoe / 11 Coup d East Nine, of the Gipsies 10 Amelia Victoria Zeno . 7 0 \ erect ships 7 0 Miles Signor 7 0 Bonne Fortune St John 7 0 Gipsy's Warning Salvo 7 6 Berkley starter 7 6 Lady Wilton Claptrap showed 7 Mary 7 6 Gohanna Muscat 7 6 Scawocd Achilles 7 4 Mrs Farley 0 0 RACING AND ITS The settling over yesterday's racing at Flemington is appointed for to day. at the Victorian Club rooms Horses engaged at the Victorian Club race meeting if not scratched before 11 a. m on the morning of the race will be considered acceptors and held liable for the BWeepstaHs SYDNEY TATTERSALL'S MEETING THURSDAY, J AN 1 [BY SPECIAL THE (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT ) SYDNEY, THURSDAY Tattersall's Cup meeting to day opened with fine weather The attendance was about 12,000 the course was rather hard but the racing was as good as usual 'the Jumping Race opened the bill, Fell Bell leaving the paddock at i to 1, while Despatch niththea-sistanceof 1 north, went outatapointmore Student, strangetonarrate, was in great demand at the last moment Carissima and Right Bower made all the running, but at the last hurdle, opposite the fat Legerstand, Bight River struck heavily and threw his rider At the distance Despatch came out, and won easily from Student and -arrested, the latter pair running a dead heat according to the judge a decision, though most of the onlookers thought that Student was secured by a good neck His Worship was considered really good for the Using Handicap, but Lillington, which started at a 0 to 1 chance, won rather easy from Orator Bryan O Lynn upset a great pet in Wallangra for the Selling Race, and was bought in she Cup then attracted attention Eighteen started, and the betting was rather flattering to the handicapper Willeroo was about the only animal of any note scratched Brown and Rose left the paddock at 2 to 1 while her stable companion found support at 100 to 10, both going on their merits 'born Brown, with Nicholson in the Biddle and 916 oil his back was rightly considered a good thing, while not a few tax e their allegiance to Merlin and Little Dick When the flag fell, Orator was soon to the front, evidently bent on making the price which he did for about a mile and a half then Little Dick and Merlin took the command, and round ing the turn the same pair, with Boscawen Tom Brown, and Minerva swung round nearly abreast At the distance it looked all over, when born Brown came out, and cutting down Merlin, won with ease, Minerva coming with a rush into the second place 'Xatts Foal Stakes produced a most exciting contest between Cardigan, with the odds of 5 to 4 on him, and Corday, resulting in a dead heat In running off the colt won rather easily, in fact if the filly had not ob- tained the best of the start she would not have made such a desperate race AnLora ran an indifferent third Astrea upset in (front pot in Brown 1 able in the Selling Iwosearold the winning filly Isa line looking youngster hailing from the Shoalhaven district near 1 stars, and is by fire is the first air Irish King from Hoe The winner was purchased after the race by Mr D Proudfoot for £215 'born Brown did not realise the expectations of his party in the Is few years Gift which tell to a 10 to 1 chance, Balmoral by a incliel sea by Bourado, dam Black Bess dam of The Haven, Merlin struggling gamely for second honours The results areas follow THE HURDLE B .Ct 013-019 each with 150 seas --did, second horse 2\. sons Two miles. Dr Corliss ch g Despatch by Express 5 yrs list 2lb (Emsworth) 1 Mr P J Cox for t Student aged lost 8lb (Bevan) at Mr C I Roberts seen in Carissima aged, 9st (Currie) t Mr Jos. -coble a b h Pell Melb 6 yrs 12st (Caroj) 0 Mr W Gannon's b g Vidotte Crs list (MCrur) 0 Mr A. E Cornwell's b h Statesman 6 yrs lost his (Chifney; 0 Mr J Yates Our Lost Fry, aged 10st 3lb (elton) 0 Mr W Ryan b h Right Boner,6}re, 6st 12lbs (Fallon) 0 Mr A E Corn _ alias ch g Garnet, yrs, 8st Dib (Roarty) 0 Mr T Lamond ns b o Old Times 4 yrs 9st (Mason) 0 Betting -3 to 1 agst Pell Melb Despatch and leg-hit Bower 0 to 1 agst student and Carissima Cardinia and Flight Boner made nearly all the running, attended by PUT Hill Student and Dispatch after the first mile began closing up Round ing the turn (or home Carissima and instit Boner were nearly abreast, and opposite the St. Leger -and Right Bower parted with his rider Then Despatch came out and won easily by two lengths from Student and Carissima who ran a dead heat Garnett was fourth, Pell Melb fifth and the rest tOgether, (followed by Last Try Time Sm 68s THE FLYING HANDICAP 013 sons each with 100 Sovs added second horse 25 sovs Six furlongs Mr H rullor-bgFIIIngton by Marvellous Wild Wave f yrs 7st One (Mile) 1 Mr W Russell as of of Orator, 5 yrs, 6st 10lb (spider) 2 Hon Jas White a gr ( Mascotte 4 yrs 7st. 4lb (Lines) 8 Mr W E. Royd's b c The Prior, 4 yrs. Set 4lb (Colle.) 0 Hon H C Dangar- bl ( Venetia 3 yrs, 8st 2lb (Williamson) 0 Messrs. P and W Donohoe b h Kingswood yrs, 7st 8lb (Bean) 0 Mr J Allsopp na b h 1 rise cars 7st, 4lb (Allsopp) 0 Mr J Monaghan nsbro-agio Grange, 2 w 7st (Harris) 0 Mr J Djkcs ch n Claudine 6 yrs, 6st 10lb (Cracknell) 0 Mr W Kelso brm Miss Livingstone, 0 Mrs, Cat 121 (Kelso) O Mr C 1 Uuuurtsach of his Worship - Mrs, Gat 8lb (Nicholson) 0 Mr 8 v Knights girl Sutton, 3 yrs Oat 61, earned rest. OUR (Lough) O Mr J Kelso's b interest, j us, 9st. 4lb (M Don and) 0 Mr M Moran's b or br g Sultan aged, 9st 4lb , carried Ort. OJlb. (Roach) O Mr R. Rouse Jun s oh it IN side, 4 yrs Out, carried 9st 4lb (Phillips) 0 Betting -2 to 2 case W worship 0 to 1 agst Ellington 7 to 1 assist The Prior and A facts and 8 to 1 any other From an indifferent start Sutton obtained a decided advantage and led into the straight At the d stones His Worship Ellington Orator Veneta, and Mascotte challenged the leader which resulted in Artingstall winning easily by a length. and a half from Orator whilst half a length off Mascotte was third His Worship was fourth followed by a castle and Priam Time, and 10s Till SELLING HACK Of 240 say ; the winner and all starters to be sold by auction for are BOYS One mile and one furlong Mr I Earnshaw's br g Bryan O'Lynn by John Bull ml Ojrs Oit (M Dow all) 1 Mr A 1 Pldeocks bo Wallangra nil, 4 yrs 9st (English) 2 Mr T M White's b g Tlialtainbau till 4 yrs, 5st 111 (stone) S Mr C T Roberts s br g Dictator, 250 wed, "st (Nicholson) 0 Mr I Monlja bro Prodigal, £2-, 4 yrs 9st 7lb (Waddell) 0 Mr W Cosgrove Jun s b h Silver Arrow, nil aged (list sub (81 Gahan) 0 Mr J Allsopp ns b h Irish, nil, 5 yrs, 9st 3lb (Harris) O Mr T Brown's br is land, all, 6 yrs, 9st 8lb (Greenhalgh) O M 1 Rejss ch g Rataplan nil, 6 yrs Cat, carried 6st 2lb (of Girth) O Mr J T Browns brfCoslot all lies rst 111 (W Smith) 0 Mr A F "Smart s br c Burraneer, nil J yrs, 9st -lb (Gough) 0 Mr W 1 Worcesters b fire) as nil 3 yrs, 8st Little (Mee) or) 0 Betting-Liens on Wallangra, 4 to 1 agst Paul 5 to 1 as Dictator, BrJ an O Lj nil Rebus and the number To a me leave start Rataplan jumped to the front, and led by Wallangra and butter This word mu maintained to the home turn where Bryan O Ey of drew up and then Rcbua und Thakombau opposite the stand Bryan O L me challenged Wallangra and after a good contest won by nearly half a length, -Thakombau two long ha or, was third, Rebus was fourth The rest came in in straggling order, with Burraucci last Time 1m 67s TArXlllSALI S CHU CUP' Of 500 sovs and Sweepstakes of 10 sovs each cup value 100 sovs presented by Mr Kell dollars j Thought 4 yrs 0 t Gib (Men of son) In li J Bowler b f Minerva 4 yrs, 10lb (Curran) Mr John millions of (, Merlin 6 yrs, 7st "7lb (Gallagher) Mr At Smarts b c Warwick 4 yrs bat 3lb (M Grade) Mr A E latterly but Sloth aged, 7st 111 (Coller) 0 Hon J White's Lrh Despot, 5 in 7st 8lb (Lllls) 0 Dr Cortis his Boscawen 5 i r 7st 8lb (Milne) 0 Mr W J Thorogood s b f Impulse, 3 yrs, 7st 8lb (Kelso) 0 Mr John May on b c The Jon to, S and, "st. 3lb (PluniiK) 0 Mr M lliislisbro Moonshee sire 7st (Smith) 0 Mr A I Smart seen of Brown and Rout. 8. is 7st 4lb , including 7lb penalty (British) 0 Mr H Uubirtns br c Fornica, 4 yrs 8st Dib (Greenhalgh) 0 Mr Geo 1 and s b h Isonomy 5 j rs, Gst. Gib (Bourke) 0 Mr J L Brown's bar Cramp, G j rs, Oats 5lb , carried 6st 7lb (Cracknell) 0 Mr T Armstrong s b g Alan, aged 9st. 8lb carried 6st 8lb (Wilson) 0 Mr W Russell's ch o Orator Su. Ost (Spider) 6 Messrs Blackman and Rouses did in Fleetwing, need Ost (Phillips) 0 Mr J C Gunnell a by li 1 Little Dick (late the Mill,) was Gst Jib including 7lb penalty (Waddell) 0 Rating -2 to 1 oust Brown and Rose 0 to 1 list Tom Brown, 7 to assist Merlin 10 to 1 og-t\iarwi_l and Impulse 12 to 1 must Little Dick, 14 to 1 agst Despot, and 20 to 1 agent Minerva A straggling start witnessed Despot and Orator Jump away, and before a hundred yards had been tral cased the latter look up the running, which he maintained past the -stand and along, the back stretch, Little Dick, Tom Brown, Boscawen, and females being in close attend men, Brown and Rose heading the nick with -kerosine, last pulling off Hearing the sheds Orator still continued his lea- es at the turn gave way to t Little Dick but at the distance born Brown challenged the leader, and stall u, of his efforts was a well contested race easily by three parts of a length from Minerva two lengths I find whom Merlin was third Little Dick was fourth, Brown and Rose fifth Tramp sixth and the rest in straggling order, with Sloth last, time, Jin -els rvr__usA__s FOAL STAKES, Of 7 sons each with 150 sets added for two years old Second horse to rough e 20 sons A plate of 50 tons to the breeder of the winner FIVE furlongs Mr li Osborne's ch c Cardigan, by Goldsbrough Sonora, 8st 7lb (M Grade) It Mr J Monaghan na b f Corday, by Grand -Flaneur -Lralit. -it Jill action Jas White s br f Angora, by Maribyrnong Alpaca Sat 4lb (Lines) S Mr A F Smart's For lir c Burrilda (late rise) in GoWsbroiith-Lady Sophia at 711 (guinea) 0 Mr V Northern s b c Kelly) b Uoldsbrougll Aphrodite 8st 7lb (Norton) 0 Mr P W Ball a bro- Rebellion by Henchman Queen Bee 9st "lb (Nerrikcr) 0 Mr R Kelso a b o Good I uck, by The Drummer Camellia, Staib (Kelso) 0 Betting -5 to 4 on Cardigan, 2 to 1 ast Corday, 8 to 1 agst any other Coin, obtained the best of a bad start with Car dear next and the others straggling AC the turn for home Cordij still maintained her advantage the favourite lying a length on Opposite the stand Cardigan reached the filly a girths and a desperate race home resulted in a dead heat Three launches off Andorra was third Burilda was rough and Re million last June but as Deciding Heat -the favourite won easily Time, 1m 31s Her TWO YEAR OLD SELLING RACE Of 150 Sovs , with a swccpitakcsof2sovs each added second horse 20 sons six furlongs Mr P V Hallsbf Astrea £50, 9st 8lb Nicholson 1 Mr W holsoabrg Brown Eagle, £60, Oat Sir (Kelso) 2 Mr T Lamond a b c Toward, £60, Ost 111 (spider) J Mr J Mondj abo W Wolseley, 53, Oats 111 (War dell) 0 Mr A F -marts bro- Been, £50, Ost filly (Goufch) 0 Mr W Forrester's bro- Told, £10, Ost 111 (Smith) 0 Mr W Holman has b g Union, are, Cat Sir (Cannon) 0 Mr W -oeman n s get Delilah, £50, 9st 8lb (Curran) 0 Mr J Monaghan na br of Nellie Farron £50 9st 8lb (Hains) 0 Mr W Coburovca jun , ch f Rose and White £50, 9st 8lb (Jt Grath) 0 Rotting-a to 4 a.t Blown Eagle 3 to 1 agst Astrea 6 to 1 Agst W Wolseley Brown Logic was first away, followed by Astrea The same order prevailed to the distance, whom Toward Wolseley, and hurdle Warren made an effort, distance between second and third, -Nellie James was fourth Time has lSJs THE Mvv of Any Gin Of 150 Sovs Second horse 50 Sovs One mile and three furlongs Mr J Monaghan ns b g Balmoral by W inchotsea Black Bess, or d, 8st 2lb (Wilkinson) 1 Mr John Cannan s br g Merlin, O j rs 8st lb (Gal Jagger) 2 Mr e J Brackenrig ns bro- Tom Brown, 4 5 yrs, 7st 12th , including 7lb penalty (Nicholson) 3 Mr W J 1 Ormiston) b h Soldier Boy, 5 pre 8st 111 (Colley) 0 Mr S Gardiner ch h Golden Butterfly, 5 yrs, Bit (Lowccar) 0 Mr W F Roads bro- The Prior, 4 j is, 7ft 111 (Ncrrlker) 0 Mr It Byrnosbc Figaro 4 yrs, 7st 10lb Benham O Hon H C Dangar a br c Maurice, J j rs 7st 7lb (Kelso) 0 Hon Jas White a b I Iolanthe, 3 5 yrs, 7st 5lb (Lilla) O Mr A Cooper's b m Friendship, 6 yrs 7st 5lb (M Grant) 0 Mr J C Gunnell br h Little Dick, 5yrs 7st 2lb (W addoll) 0 Mr I Earnshaw s br g Brian O Lynn, 6 yrs, "7st Jib (Greenhalgh) 6 Mr Geo Fagan band hills 5yrs "7st (lJ"iirko) 0 Mr J L Brown as b g Tramp 0 j r 7st (Allsopp) 2 Mr li 1 suffers b g Ellington, 6 yrs, Oct 15 (MilnO 0 Mr P McAlister ns b h tattoo, aged, 9st 8lb (Mit theil) O Mr John Car mona b li Explorer 3 yrs 6st 7lb CMiilth) O Bott ng 400 to 10 agst Iolanthe 4 to 1 star Tom Brown StolngstThc Iroraid Merlin 10 to 1 last Balmoral Maurice Tattoo and Little Dick To a good start Manrico was quickest on his feet but quickly gave way to r Ellington who is a le ment of the running with Figaro tattoo and Soldier Boy John Brown and Martin heading, the ruck while Phyllis was lost At the she Is tattoo went to the front but soon gave it as to To i Brown and Me He Inside the distance Merlin drew level with Tom Brown and while both were fighting out a good race Bain oral came upon the inside and Just won by a head Cramp was fourth and lhjHis last Time, lm \- is BELFAST RACES (By TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CoiutE_io\D_\r ) BELFAST, THURSDAY The Belfast annual race meeting was a decided success today The weather was beautiful the sun being moderately hot but tempered with a cool breeze from the sea there was a satisfactory attendance of visitors from Warrnambool Koroit and the surrounding districts All the events were well contested while every race was honestly won In the Hurdle Race and Steeplechase falls took place, but fortunately the riders escaped with a nliehtshaUing 1 he stewards carried out their duties with credit while Mr Johnson as secretary was most efficient The following are the results of the races - MAIDEN PLATE. Mr Scott 8 Shepher leas (Ornee) 1 Mr J Kent ed s Susan 2 Mr M Kenzie s Jimmie S There were seven entries. This waaacapltallj contested race and was even on the post by Shophordess the other two horses being separated by only half a length HANDICAP HURDLERACE Mr J M Callaghan forms (Owner) 1 Mr J Cooper's Ure Unit 2 Mr J Scown 81 Paddy the Larrikin 3 Six entries Fire King led for the first half mile with Paddy and Victor in close attendance At the second hurdle Victor blundered and came down, giving Grace a nasty fall, the horse setting away H -armed any body brace up to the last hurdle when horses came with a "rush, and from thence to the Billah a most exciting struggle took place resulting In Norma defeat ing Fire King his length with the return larrikin a good third, the others being a few lengths behind. The Trotting Match produced an interesting race. Bey on good pacers at tried the winner tumble, up in Mr 1) Can oils Chester, who conceded 2s6d- to several of his opponents BEL. AST HANDICAP One mile an 1 a quarter Mr T Cawker's Morning Star (Rammage) 1 Mr J Stephen s Roderick Dhu 2 Mr J Cooper's Mickie Free 3 Six started amongst the number being some of the best horses in the Western District, there was only half a length dividing the first three horses at the finish BKLLINO n -CK HURDLES. The Selling Hack Hurdle Race was won by Paddy the Larrikin after a game contest n.-hDICAP S rtLl LECHASE. Two miles Mr J M CullOL.hsRnn.or (late Golornor)(owner) 1 Mr J Coopers Fire King 2 Mr J Flaherty scoring Dutchman 3 Six started M Uh the exception of Masqueraders who fell over the second Jump tile hornes fenced so candidly taking. the stone walls cstablKhe 1 in front of the stand w ill out a mistake. The winner from start to finish was splendidly ridden by M Ulllogh who was wildly cheered when he 1 passed the winning of a few lent this to spare A capital days sport was wound up by a well contested Hack Race, which was ap- priated by Mr Kelly a I live BEECHWORTH RACES (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT ) BEECHWORTH, " iiunsDA. The New Year's Day races proved the most successful days racing held here for years The entries were numerous, the fields as a rule large, and the running splendid The following is the. result - MAIDEN PLATE. One mile Mr T Keates b m Rosebud, aged, 8st 10lb (li) inn) Mr 1 Ora) s br h Sultan, aged, Oats 2lb (Chambers) 2 Mr O M Uaj a bl 0 Jurassic, 4 yrs 6st. 8lb (Lines) 3 Lloi en started Time lm 50s FLYING STAKES Six furlongs Mr H S Dales b g Gaylad, 4 3rd, 7st 3lb (BY men) Mr 1' Dillions-(Snowboll 2 am, Sst. (Ellis) Mr li Rroinbj s eli in Barbara 7st (Roos) 3 Six started Time Let "us. NEW YEAR'S DAY HANDICAP Quarter of a mile Mr li Hoysted's ch g Ariel 4 yrs, 7st 10lb (Lines) 1 Mr I Cowan ch g Encore, 3 yrs 7st 8lb (Hart) 2 Mr H S Dales ch c Land 3 yrs Ost. 121 Rees) 3 Six started Time 2nd "Os HACK RAC One mile 8st up Mr Gorman's Brown Girl (Douglas) , Mr Stow and a Amateur (Fills) Mr McGrath s Polar Star (Hart) Twelve started Time has Ois. TOWN PLATE. One mile Mr Jas Cowan ch g Fneoro, 6 yrs 7st 111 (Hart) Mr H Hoysted's ch g Ariel, 4 yrs, 7st 181 (Douglas) Mr II s Dales ch of hands 3 yrs Tat lib (By Tues) Three started Time has 40s CONsOI AION STAKES One mile and a distance Mr I C M Caul s br g Venison, aged, 9st 5lb Mr E Gray b m Dawn 6 yrs, Sat 4lb (Douglas) Mr H S Dales ch c Le do 2 yrs, 7st 7lb (By re-enter started A splendid d race BENALLA RACES BY N'ALLA, THURSDAY the îscvv^cais races held to day were fairly successful although the cricket match curb in the week militate 1 against it large attendance 00 persons were present the following are the results - MMlirN ILVTl 10 807 8 I! Hilkhcislalv Peel Ost M. Mean t M i o list C Lai is Oriel til "it 131 1 out others started NEW To VRC HANDICAP 1 su\ H One mile and a half II Her sted i Bom in Bee Ost. 51 D Sutherland a Aide to Ca up 9st 3lb U M Wil on s I lightfoot 7st time - n JOs JUMPING M ICI First or 70 £8 second prize, £2, Mr W Duncan as Nimmo Mr R W Ison's Hall be There were nine competitors I10TLIKF1 11 US IIANDIOU cry At the an In distance Mr H Hoy stead s Do do Bee 9st lb Mr S Skelton s Zoe 7 t 4lb Lime in rs AM WELLS W ! LU It HANDICAP 10 scr A wife at d a distance Mr Roe s La Iv Audley 8st 7lb Mr H Ilojste la Bonnie Bee list 10lb Mr M MorausMaice list 1) ree others started 1 coNsoi mov seVEns Mr M Mahon a Lightfoot Mr '-Skelton is to be Mr hem j s Lrui etc M OODSIDI RACES CAS I EE I OS, -THURSDAY At W Woods be near Casterton, the annual races were held to-day) There was a good attend- once The weather was fine The tollovviiii,are the results - HURDLE RACE Miniature 1 Lucifer 2 Eclipse 3 Six started MAIDEN PLATE Midnight 1 Miniature 2 Won the veil) H HANDICAP Grand Duchess . 1 plain. Almora 2 Wild Irishman . 3 Won easily FLUNG HANDICAP Little NToll 1 My Lord .. 2 I love it Five a arted A road race HACK RACE. Bros 1 Sp el r "2 Eight started FLINDERS RACES II INDI HS, THURSDAY The Flinders IIIIOIIIL Club meeting was held to-day. The weather was iiiiu- iiilicent cool southerly breeze prevailed- The for lowing, are the results - nunn ILM Mcndcmende Wol awoke 1 Sto la 2 Sunlight j still in all Ulm ! a tea Un- ] option through about until at the end she shied off the course and was out of the race HINDE RS HANDING VI dam Hope 1 Rev oil 2 An exciting, race Won I j a had HURDLE RACE TI H was a walkover for Will if I Can the only entry HHIlih 1 Ellen Selina 1 stella 2 Uly Flinders 3 This was a "no- race I was a close in lah CON lol AllO V fa TAI LS Renown 1 Larrikin 2. COLLU UM HCP S con i i over . attend the usual New "-sea has met what, was held at the G li raine Races came to play the weather r was beautiful and the attendance largely in excess of any i re mm racing" was excellent The follow near the ma are still. MAIDENS m T Longfellow Miss Masher 18 U 4.101 V HURDLE RACE Robin Hood 1 Kiss Me Quick Podosky 1 2 OPEN HANDICAP Dunleary Rufus 1 Plains 12 8 SELLING RACE. Come ass Met Darkie 1 S HANDICAP HURDLE RACE Ptinlenry Wiela Czar 1 3 HACK RACE. Rufus Jack PodosLus 18 AVOCA RACES AVOCA 'Thursday The annual New Year's Day races took place to-day and were well patronised The entries on the whole were very LOOK Sir J V later acted as judge Mr J O Wiltshire as clerk of the course and Mr Jennings as starter; and all performed their duties satisfactorily The following is the result of the racing - MAIDEN PLATE Mr J Davis Miss Planet Mr 1 GrKToysPrlncoOnnno 2 Mr. John Cochran s Glenlogie 3 Seven started Won by four lengths. HANDICAP TROTTING RACE Mr J Beer's Bully ,, 1 Mr P WaUho»-affy , 2 Mr 3 Shirley s Sans Mercy 6 3 Fourteen started Won easily. NEW YEARS DAY- HANDICAP Mr J G Robertson s Antolopo 1 Mr J MMcarafantab 2 Mr J Crofts Glencoe 3 Solon started A splendid race Won by a neck HANDICAP HURDLE RACE Mr C Harrison a Whit s Wanted, list Dib 1 Mr P Griffen Prince OF j ne, list 7lb Mr J Croft Croft 109 7lb 3 Three started 1 Won with case HACK RACE. Ex the . i Prophet ., 2 Hall 3 Six started the war nor was sold for £11 the club be called to the extent of £1 CONSOLATION STAKES Cantab 1 Baker 2 HAY RACE S, HAY, THURSDAY The races to-day were fairly attended The weather was hot The following are the results - fchVV TB AS 8 GIFT HANDICAP Mr C M I augh lan a br g Wooles gong 1 Mr M LaULhla a chill Lord 2 Mr G Dal is a br g Iona 8 line of 20s hO\\_L RACE. Dark To 1 PP 2 Christmas 3 CUP Loving 1 dam age 2 years ak S MIDSUMMER HANDICAP Mr B Mr auction a Where a the Cat Mr Davies bril Clement 2 Mr J Dillon i a Harkaway . 3 Time i 17 SELLING HACK RACE, trie 1 Dxrklo . a UVAL I BUTTER. Chorus the Cat 1 Tlnna 2 Keen sake 3 TERANG RACES TERANG, TnoRtoAT the 1 crops Racing Club meeting was held to day The weather was glorious and there was a large attendance (or a country meeting the following are the results - MAIDEN n ATL Of 60 Sovs. One mile. Mr J M Kenna ch g Leander, 4 yrs 8st 10lb (M Kei na) 1 Mr J Dinan s b c Jim Hem late Mr T 1 area as in Lady Bird Cue 8st 1916 (died crts) S 1 sent so ted Time has 40s HANDICAP HURDLE RACE Of 30 Sovs One mile and a half Mr J M Kenna s cb g Leader S J on the. 12th. (Milluna) 1 Mr Johnson, eli in Tattler 0 jrs list, 5lb (A Johnson) 2 Mr W B Cumming, br g sir I j an a 6 yrs lost 10 11 (Blady) 3 Three started Time h 4yrs TI RANG OUT Il.VDIcUr Of TO sobs One mile and a quarter Mr L, J Darcy's drill, ch g Bush wall, r r it, "st 10lb (1 error Mr ALL Johnsons ill in Rattler 6 yrs OBL (Butler) 2 Mr I Calicrtabg Dcringa 0 jrs, SsL-lb (Bell) J Six started HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. Of! 20 sons Two miles Mr J Horne's br g All Serene BLed list 2lb (Gan lo) 1 Mr H H Akers b g Mac aged Oat 8lb (Butler) 2 Mr J Rose b h Perfection 6 yrs 10st [lb (Wright) 3 AMATEUR FLAT RACE Of 20 sons with sweepstakes of 20 each to second horse Mr Vf Blcncowcs br c. Magic 6 yrs 10st 3lb (W Blencowe) Mr J H \xfordsbgHarkawaj 6 yrs lost 10lb (Harris) Mr H P Wheatley the. Oversea 6 yrs 10st 10lb (Taylor) SELLING Hunter RACE Of "20 Sovs One i ill and a half Mr I Bell COMOS Jin b m Miss seniors aged 6st 8lb Mr (Clarke) Mr 1 _}uiL,)_i s b m Lloarligl t r j r lOst lb (H Moiit"oiiiirj) The winner was sold for £23 MVIDh J 11101 HAM' Of IOFOVS lim mills Mr L Baxters big Hun 0 jars (Master) Mr D Xfluihans b h Johnny aged (\ Juchau) Mr J Jellies Neill Bell (U Nellie) Fourteen started BULN BULN RACES. D MOULIN, liiunsiMY The first race meeting under the auspices of the Buln Buln Race Club was held to-day on the new course about two smiles from here. A large concur i of persons witnessed the events An unfortunate accident occurred whereby a jockey named Pierce who was lid Colleen driver fell and brake his leg above the killed He was giving his horse a preliminary event r previous to start ing for the handicap w as he straining against a horse on the course and fell The following are the results - iiUDW ii ver Ofr sons One mile Mr Green d slow I am 1 Mr Keen s Ada 2 HVNUICM rnoniNo uAOF O races One mile and a half Mr «ajrc, Hen Mr Coghlan's Vlmiilo Murren 2 HANDICAP HURDLE- RACE GIDEON Two miles Ihownlock 0 t 11 1 Mr A KJ LV o s s I v cli n Mr Latter's his Vi rrveul 8 Seven started A splendid race 1 VltMl its' PURSE. OfOsovs One mile and a half The Inner to pull one ton Mr Can oils Day to Mr Coghlan's Larry 2 BULN BLI N HANDICAP OMOscvs Twomilei Mr Tvcogan s for and Mr Greene" s chair by 2 secretary d II It was an excellent race Wurol cut out the running b at the start when he cor took the lead and dash value 1 It line 1 coming Into the Her last, when Charles 1 allowed him and a manner cut finish was the result HACK. RACE 1011 SADDLE AND BRIDLE. Mr M'lvenzies Michie Mr lveauio J h my LvniLs rivers Of r ears One unit on l a half Mr Ivr-o.ans Joker and Mr Greening a Charlie ran a dead heat in the an air vii h followed the history Joker took the 1 ntl and kep t it till the straight was reached 1 what Charley, answering to the ship won by a let til i le win was very Popular li I cheers rent the air as the judge gave his decision The Consolation Stakes was won by Calico i a in Altogether it was a very successful gather in. MOOROOPNA RACES. (BY Tni GiAP THOM On Counter OSDI NT ) MOOROOPNA, Tn SDU The annual meeting of the Mooroopna Turf Club took place to day, and piestall Junior ably 'The course, which is situated about three miles from the township, although surrounded by heavy timber, is fairly well suited for running and the committee Inning spin in a punts to put it in ROO 1 order some good 1 picnic was witnessed 'J h attendance wind nine-, numbering about 2,5.0 'the Minors ever it-, were well contested, good fields in every met met fining the starter Mr M Green, in the rescue of her I linger still, well clear indie and gave tuneful -iitismctioii 'The starter, Mr Drew', was iHslduim in till diii barge of her duties and the seer for Mr I Iloiiiihioiik, had all the iirruii-eiiienli Will in and, no hitch early rains during their yy to mar the proceedings the following are the COMMIT - 1I4M.I--1* HURDLE RACE, Mr I IticriiMisiHotnler, by I'm the li F (Smith) Mr WilsuisNcilu Up Hills (Details I Mr J Darby -l.hdutor(üior) ) Betting -3 to 4 Olidiator, 4 to 1 richards, lies more to lining capital as it was effected the first hour The being taken in No I u the Hills At the first turn several horses in of the e area At the last turn Flee suffereing coal and waterside Nine, heats MAIDEN PLA 11 Mr M W dib strm I desire a economy) 1 Mr M Swan a br g Saladin 5 via (Burrowes) In 1 MMastorsb" too To 4 yrs (M Kenzie) J Botten -J to 1 on Lucerne even money on Stell t 4 an To to 1 after the others All the horses nominate 1 (15) faced the post so no time was lost in storm]., but at length the roll was s steamer. all of a hap- The first horse v Each invited to the front viz a tea is i who maliiLahe I th lead until coming up the str Iglit, v hon h we challenge 1 by the ne A "is in loco ensued Late! t winning by a length or so time ""in lbs Mooroopna. IHNUICU Mr Littles called, by Bras de 1 unimproved mare 1 Mr M C Moylan Bluebell (Tiviot) -l V .stltllellnlilB black oil, 3 Leltln" -J to 1 on Walhalla 2 to 1 ast Bluebell u to 1 'te. t Clark 5 and still as others For this event six horses bolted They were got away at a good pace Yarroweyah css socially being pushed He kept ahead until going round the back of the course when Walhalla came up in grand style From this - arrow o) oh roll back const locally and the race lay between V alhalla and Bluebell In the straight both were hard under the whip but Wal bills passed the Judge s box First by a short distance only BELLIN O RALI Mr J I join b g Larrikin o j r (-tons) 1 Mr M L MojIans be Jack aged (Miller) 2 Mr M Walshe s be Lochiel aged (Cashel) J Betting Even money on Gives a to I next Lochiel, 8 to 1 agst Jack 4 to 1 agst others Six started There was a cat Ral run from 1 c In ning to end the race being won in an exciting manner by Larrikin Time 1 It 64s After the race the winner was put up for sale and bought in RAIL! WAY STAKES Mr VV Littles Walhalla 4jre(Tavlor) 1 Mr M C Molan a William Tell, 4 in (Malloy) 2 Mr M Walshe ser- in I onions aged (Spooner) 3 Betting - i to 1 on Walhalla 2 to 1 agst W llllain -sell 3 to 1 art Saladin 0 and 8 to 1 agst others. Seven started out of 11 acceptances The horses were got away fairly well Saladin william Toll and Yarrowojen ooinlTg in the order named past the ju Igor box in the first round but at the back of the course, however, the winner of the handicap pulled away from the others, who were all together, and won' In a canter. Young Evans, who rode a arrow eyes, was thrown, but, fortunately, was not seriously injured. June, 2, 11s. The Consolation Stakes, which brought a good (field, concluded the programme. LAL LAL RACES. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) BALLARAT, THURSDAY. The. annual race meeting of the Lal Lal Fall Turf Club took place to-day, The attendance on the ground and around the falls was about 18,000 persons. The racing was of minor importance, and only small fields faced the starter. The following are the results : TRIAL STAKES. . Mr. Howie's Flint Mato 1 Mr. Osborne- Mormon . 2 Mr. M'Donald's Forfar 3 HANDICAP HURD-- HACK. Mr. Rodgers's Counsellor. 1 Mr. Scobie's Starllsb. - Mr. Roach's King of the Forest 3 Miller, Dalrymple, Conductor, and Kate also started. SELLING FLAT RACE. Mr. Archibald's Lubra 1 Mr. Roach's Wire In. 2 Mr, Osborne. Lrio. 8 LAL, LAL HANDICAP. Mr. Ward's Irrallca. 1 Mr. Howie's Sea Horse . 2 Mr. Roach's Wire In. 8 TROT RACE. Mr. BrumQeld. Dreamer. 1 Mr. Hughes a Tatty. 2 Mr, Rodgers's Darby. 3 SELLING RACE. Mr. Archibald's Lubra .... 1 Mr. Sutherland's Ingliston. 2 Mr. Torpy's Disturber 8 LONGFORD RACES. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) SALE, THURSDAY. The Longford races were held to-day, and were largely attended. The racing generally was cold. The Coolungoolun Cup was won easily by 11 r. Bayliss's Castilian, and the Steeplechase by Mr. East a Tobin, after a good nice. Up and Down, a steeplechaser owned by Mr. W. E. Bower, fell and broke his back. The following are the results : HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Defences , Outcast MAIDEN PLATE. East Lynne 1 Estella. 2 Maid . S MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. Outcast. 1 Colonel. 2 Ivtmrod. 8 COOLUNGOOLUN OUP. Castilian 1 Amusement 2 Doulshoof 3 HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE. Robin. 1 Aaron. 2 St Kilda. 3 HACK RACE. i Alarm. 1 Prince. 2 Bright. 8 CHARLTON RACES. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) EAST CHARLSTON, THURSDAY. The annual race meeting of the East Charlton and Lower Avoca Turf Club was held to-day, and was a great success, over 2,000 people being present. The weather was favourable. The country districts round were fully represented. The following are the results : MAIDEN PLATE, One mile and a quarter. Jeannette 1 Unknown 2 Kelly 3 Time, 2. 24. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. One mile and a half. Maroona. .... 1 Don 2 illness Mr. (George Pyers declared in with Maroona The rider of Red Rover, alan Mr. P era's horse, in this race had a nasty fall at the first hurdle, 'The case was considered critical at the time, and the injured jockey Davidson was removed to Charlton for further medical treatment Time, -m. Os e lil en in the audience. Two miles long Montra 1 Archaic 2 Henry ful lock 3 This WISH jool rice with close finish, and w won 1 j -boat half a length Time, 1m s s WOOROONOOK! THEM li HANDICAP One mile and a quarter Doubtful Jack 1 1 what to 2 Full 1 noon 3 bLIUNI. HURDLE RACE Exile 1 March in 2 Exile was sold for 150 the club gaining £10 HUM STMeFii or two year olds Mr Cullen's Lille 1 DAYLESFORD RACES P.. LIST ORD THURSDAY The Da) lesson! Turf Club races took place to day) He district was very line, and not withstanding a host of counter attractions in the shape of picnics, e there was a good attendance upwirtliot 2,000 persons being present. The result of the days racing is us as follows - LIDUS' RULES OF of mile run W H Clarke s All of land Mr T Riana lower of the Forest 2 Mr It is Neill's Brunette 3 Mue started Little Jack been scratched Won easily by Atlieiihn HANDICAP HURDLE Hiern of miles Mr eyesores Itittiliu 1 Mr V H I under s ( within Tour started Skylark Idling been scratched Mount Oipi s struck the first hurdle and threw his rider (who escaped without serious injury) and was one penny out of the race Or] han bandied at the third Inutile Battalion won easily by two lengths and a half in front of Cobban the others before, now have D.TLISIOIID HANDICAP Two miles Mr S Patrick Martin 1 Sir M J Clarke's Athenian Mr 1) him han J army J O Donohue Poll was scratched There were four starters The race was plead his contested through out, and was won by Mystery by only a neck SELLING- HACK RACE. One mile. Mr 3 tunnel] an ) v Mr W is under starlight Mr 1 Rjauallirt 8 Eight started The race was well contested throughout Won by one length The winner was sold at the close of the race for 14 10s hLLII'jG RACE. Of e and a half mile Mr K Patcrl-ks First Khiva 1 Mr H Hortuns Braccmiii 2 Mr li Wie) stakes 3 Eight started I and after a splendid contest First King won b aleii.thailululf coNSOLAtION STA! FS 10 once One mile Mr shed an s limit v 8st 7lb Mr Hanson lOfthetpres list Mr Du Johne - 1 only 7st 10lb 3 Pttuts lence um scratched Won easily by a line by two lengths The meeting i passed off without and accident or nnpleiiHimtiiCHs except that Mr 1 nisi who represented Sir AS J Clarke, ex presses I publicly his gi iiedissatisfuctton with the in- muir in which Athenian was ridden in the Daylesford Handicap VDI L UDL HACINt, 61 US NEW YEAR. S UtW Ml 1 ING (BY TELEGRAPH 1 UOM OUR CORIIPIOVOENT ) I ADELAIDE, THURSDAY I am following are the results of the racing | to-day in imperil id La la Melissa . 1 Marr in. .. 2 Cream 11 8 ION Y RACE Frank. 1 Cock of the Walk 2 Aspen. 8 NEW YEAR'S MIT. Union 1 kinlock. 2 'Taurus . : 8 TROT RACE. Young. Stockholm 1 Ko Year. 2 Heaney. 3 STEEPLECHASE. SlrLnan 1 -iron. 2 Crispin. 3 HANDICAP. First Lots 1 Bollameo 2 banda. 8 DELORAINE RACES. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT,) HOBART, THURSDAY. There was a good attendance at these races to-day. The following are the results : MAIDEN PLATE. Bonnie Dundee April Sllpllght . _ Peter. 8 NEW YEAR'S OUT. Bonnie Scotland was the only horse placed. tWO-YEAR-OLD HANDICAP. ' Bonnie Doon. 1 Coba) ..' . 2 Hall. 3 FLYING HANDICAP. Bonnie Scotland 1 Vision. II HURDLE RACE. Ulverstone . - 1 Cup Day.. ... 2 BRIGHTON RACES. (BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) HOBART, THURSDAY. HURDLE RACE. Castlereagh 1 Colebrook . 2. 2 PLATE. Pyrrhus 1 The Knave . 2 STEEPLECHASE. Colebrook 1 Skylark. 2. 2 ALL-AGED STAKES. Bcrealls. 1 Blshioro. 2 AUCKLAND RACING CLUB SUMMER MEETING. (BY TELEGRAPH Fitost OUR CORRESPONDENT.) WELLINGTON, Tnunsp.Y. The following are the results of to-day's racing : AUCKLAND RACING CLUB HANDICAP. Welcome Jack. t Carbineer . 2 The Poet. 8 AUCKLAND DERRY. Tlgridla. 1 Necklace., .. 2 SPORTING TELEGRAM. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, THURSDAY A cricket match was played at the Adelaide oval to day between a south eastern team and the South Adelaide The former scored 119 and the latter made the required number of runs to win with the loss of one wicket. At the luncheon the Attorney-General, who presided, severely criticised the action of the Australian Eleven with respect to the proposed matches Australia v England. He said that the Australians had Haeiiliccd the cricketing honour of the colonies for scene time considerations As an old player and lover of the game, hepiútested againstctlcket being so lowered ATHLETICS The six days go as you please contest drew a fair number of persons to the count hall, Lonsdale street last ov oiling Six of the original starters have dropue I out, leaving Havuer Chios, and Croeve In it RajuorN score last evening was 810 fillies, 20 ahead of Chief and 71) more than Creole 