the Wicked Woods of Tobereevil BY THB AUTHOR OF ' HESTER'S HISTORY.' CHAPTER XXXIX. — A STRANGE NIGHT. When Miss Martha saw the condition into which Paul had strangely fallen, she agreed with May that it would be well to remove him to new scenes and leave his restoration to time and Frovidence. Her anger was at once lost and forgotten in her pity, and she began to pack hei trunk in preparation for a journey whic'i she must begin before twenty-four hours should go past. There was no reason to fear that Paul would refuse to accompany her, and every cause for baste,'for the mood of his mind had changed since his arrival at Monasteries. He no longer lived in that quiescent condition which was almost a state of unconsciousness. Things which he saw around him here seemed Striving to arouse his memory, and a struggle was beginning between the reason obscured Within him, and that power by whose agency lie was afflicted ; the result being -l growing irritability which threatened to increase to ?rfldncss did he remain long in the atmosphere which induced it. So Miss Martha made pre parations for her journey, while Paul wandered in his restless fashion about the fields and moors ; and May hovered between the two. BOW silently helping her aunt, now seeing that Paul was safe. Her face was white and her eyes had that look in them which we turn upon the dead ; yet she was readv with her hands, and her wits about her. and did not heave a sigh, nor shed a ttar. When the Kearneys, watching their oppor tunity, had left their cave in the mountain, they aad sought shelter for a night with a friend in the lowland, about a mile away on their road from Tobereevil. Here they must wait for the eldest gossoon who had been hired by their friend Bid, to drive her on an errand toCamlough. The Kearneys waited gladly, suspecting that Bid's mysterious journey had something to do with Paul ;' that she was making an effort to save them though she had not thought fit to inform them of the venture. The errand was one of importance, that the house-mother knew, for had not Bid got a loan of Miss Martha's little waggon-cart for the journey ! Vow when the gossoon had made the mule a bed in the stables, put the cart in the shed, and left Bid enjoying her breakfast at Monasteries, he ran off to tell his mother that Mr. Paul had come home at last. Then Mary, the mother of all the Kearneys, lose up and thanked the Lord for sending her this friend who would take the trouble out of her heart. So easily will people grasp at hope thai mary began to believe that Paul had come all the way from Camlough for the sole pur pose of forcing Simon to restore her to her home. She would go to Monasterlea with all her children round her, and relate to young Mr. Finiston the dismal tale of her distress. Sat first, ought she not to wait to see if Bid would come and fetch her ? She waited till past sunset, and yet Bid had not appeared ; the truth being that the old woman was en gaged with Miss Martha, and knew that the Kearneys would not think of departing till she went to see them off. Bid would not quit Monasterlea till Miss Martha and Paul were Jairly started on their journey. But Mary Kearney had not patience to wait for this. ^ As soon as twilight began to fall she .Started with her children and walked to Monas terlea. ^ Paul was walking up and down the road with his head bent on his breast, and his hands clasped behiud him in that dreary rest less war which was habitual with him now. He stopped now and then and passed his hand over his forehead, and threw up his face with a look of pain, as if he strove to recover his memory at one bound, whereas it would only return to him by slow degrees. Sometimes he stamped his foot in despair, or kicked the pebbles out of his path, as if they had angered him. His mood was indeed changing, and it were well that he was out of the country. Suddenly, Mary Kearney and her children came round him, it being still just light enough for people* to see each other dimly. They came lightly along in their bare feet, and surrounded him swiftly and suddenly, Paul starting as if ghosts had risen up to confront him. This sensitiveness in itself was evidence of a change ; a few days ago he would not have started if the strangest visions on earth had passed under bis eyes. ' God save you, Misther Paul !' ' Mrs. Kearney !' cried Paul, looking keenly in her face. 'See that now ! — how well he knew me, an* it dark !' said the woman. ' Lord love you, Misther Paul 1 it's you that had the wish for us. We have walked the roads back to get a word wid you.' ' What is it?' said Paul, with something of his_ old air. It seemed as if the start with which he had greeted these old friends had helped him in his struggle, and shaken some of the mists out of his brain. ' It's on'y our little trouble, sir. I mane that Simon — that's the miser — I mane yer uncle, sir, has threwn a heap o' us out of our houses, Misther Paul. O' course you know that, sir, an' some o' us is dead, an' undher groun' out o' his road, an' some o' us is gone across the say. Some is gone to beggary, but I'm htre yet mysel', sir, wid the little gushes an* gossoons. Aij' I made bould to tell mysel' that if I seen a sight o' yer honor you would remember ye had a wish for us, an'd put a word in wid yer uncle to let us go back to our littk house. We built it a'most oursel's, sir, «hoa he threwn us out before, an' little Nan's gettin a clever ban' at the basket makin'. Th»gossoons'll be men after a bit, plase the lo*d ; an' there's not an idle bone in them, an' they'll pay it back to yer honor.' ttail stood listening, somewhat like a deaf nan who suddenly found that he could hear ; his eyes fixed on the woman while he devoured all her words. ' Simon put you out !' he said. ' Is that what you have told me? Simon, the miser, put vou out ? You and how many others ?' ' Thirty families, sir. Sure I thought yer honor knew it.' **I did not know it,' said Paul, 'or I should have seen to it before. You may go now, my woman, and I will settle with Simon.' HHe walked quickly up to thecottage ; Maymet him on the garden path, and looked at him in amazement ; his eyes were flaming, his mouth was moving nervously. He was walking straight towards the door, and did not see her. 'Paul I' she said. 'Oh, what is the matter ?' 'Hothiag,' he said, fiercly, 'only I am going to settle with Simon. This has been a long time delayed. I was bom to do it ; and look at me, a man come to my time of life, and my work still undone ! I have been astray this long time ; I had quite forgotten my duty ; but a messenger has just come to remind me of it. Siawn has driven out the people to die about the world. He has repeated the sin of the first Fiuiston ; it now remains for the last one to punish kirn, and put an end to this foul race 1' He pushed into the hall and took his gun down from the wall. May said, 'What are you going to do? Come in here and tell me.' And she drew him into the parlour and turned the key in the lock behind them. 'Do?' cried Paul, ' Why, of course, I will shoot him through the heart. I have often told you,' he said, testily, ' that I have got to do this thing, and you would not believe me. But now you shall have proof of it.' ' Very well, but you must wait a little : You have nothing to load your gun with ; your things have not arrived.' 41 That is most provoking. How soon will they be here?' m ' Oh, in about half an hour ; in the mean time ypa can. test yourself, so as to be better ible for your work.' She shook up the pillows on the couch, and he flung himself im patiently upon them, taking out bis watch to count the minutes ; while May, hovering about the room, began telling some laughable story. After a time he gave her his attention and put away the watch. Presently, she began to sing softly a drowsy lullaby, which she had heard mothers sing to their babies in the cabins ; and Paul listened to her tranquilly, having quite forgotten his passion as well as the cause of it. At last he lay so still that she turned her head cautiously to observe him, and found that he was asleep. She brought wrappings and covered him, so that he might rest there safely during the night, for it was now eleven o'clock, and she hoped that he would not wake till the morning. She locked him in the room, and the household went to rest. Yet May could not sleep, only lay staring at the little pools of moonlight on the floor, and wondering about the ending of this sad drama, in which she played so sore a part. Would Paul ever get well again ? Would he, indeed, seek the miser when he wakened on the mor row, and accomplish in his madness that doom which he had dreaded before the madness came ? She could not sleep while there was so much to be prayed for : that Paul might be saved from impending evil, and guided into the keeping of good and faithful hands. In the midst of her sad thoughts she heard a noise ; and sat up and listened intently. Surely that had been the sound of a window opening ! She did not wait a moment, for there was but one thought in her mind. She went swiftly to the parlour door and opened it softly, softly. The moon shone into the room ; the window was wide open ; and Paul was gone. She dressed herself rapidly and fled out of the house, hurrying down die garden and out on the road. She could see a long way before her in the clear midsummer night, which is scarcely night at alL Paul was not to be seen, but her lively terror could only lead her flying feet in one direction. She sped, like the wind, towards Tobereevil, thinking as she went along of the likelihood of the mansion being well barred up, so that no one. not even a madman, could make his way inside the walls. She would find Paul wanderine about the avenue, or in the woods, or about the win dows ; would find him and bring him borne. He heart beat so thickly and her feet went so fast that she had often to pause for breath, leaning against a hedge or tree, straining her eyes everywhere in hopes of seeing a figure, either behind her or before her on the road. At last she was obliged to go more quietly, lest, having utterly exhausted herself, she should faint at the sight of Paul, and be of no further use to him. The beautiful calm country lay all around her, the hills wrapped in solemn shadow, but with lustrous peaks, majestically crowned with stars in the sky ; sad glimmering fields and moors with all their human lights extinct at the moment ; the patient and melancholy land that had suftered and smiled and been beautiful under the tread of many afflicted generations, born to a cruel time, but perhaps to a kind eternity. ' How long, eh Lord, how long ?' seemed written over the wistful face of the valley. The woods had caught no tender glance from the moon, but rolled in black masses against the sky, as if the surges of their wicked restlessness would flood the fair face of the heavens, drowning the innocent stars which grew like blossoms of light therein. Thus appeared the woods in the last hour of their magnificent pride and might, even while there was a red spot in the midst of them that elowed and pulsed like an angry thought in their heart. May did not notice it, as she pierced her way through the crowding trees to the avenue. She had seen smoke and flames in the distance when she first set out on the road ; but fire wreaths were common on the mountain now, and the sight had been no surprise. As she drew near the dreary mansion she sickened at the thought of approaching it with such a terrible fear in her mind. Was it not altogether fantastic this journey of hers in the midnight ? How could she h?ye allowed terror so to work upon her — knowing Paul as she did, and that he would not hurt a fly ? A man quite unarmed ! What harm could he do to another, even if Simon's doors and windows were not locked and barred? Perhaps, even now he was safe at home, having returned to his rest after roving a little, in his wild way, about the fields. Admitting these thoughts, she leaned tremblingly against a tree, and again strained her eyes towards the thickets and across the moors. The grey early dawn came creeping over the scene ; frown after frown dropped from the trees, and groups and masses of unknown something threw off their sombre mystery, and became broken- down fences, clumps of ragged hedge, pieces of ruined wall, or bushes of unsightlv shape ! The bogs showed their dreariness, the river threw up a steel-like ray, and the marshes gave forth pale glimmers of beautiful hue : a grey look of awe was on the face of the waking world, as if the coming of a new day had been a fearful and unexpected boon. The dull shoulder of the mansion rose above some bristling trees ; and there was a great roar in the air coming from the distance, ^ay noticed it without thinking oi it, foreverv one knew of the grumbling of the woods ; but the trees of Tobereevil had never made such a sound as this before. She told herself that she had much better go home, yet could not bear to turn till she had first walked round the mansion to see that the fastenings were still untouched, and that no wandering footsteps, save her own, were about the place. There was a dreadful fas cination for her in the nearness of the stem grey walls ; she could not turn her eyes away, and began walking quickly towards them. She had been there but once before, and did not quite know her way among the vagrant bushes and straggling trees to the front of the house. She found herself at the back, and walked round many sides and gables, noticing with relief how well the windows barred, and thanking God for the miser's caution, which was good for something at last. ' When the back is so well guarded,' thought she, ' it is not likely that the front will be found neglected. The door will be locked and bolted.' Then May came stealing round the last comer of the house. But the hall-door was lying open ! A cry of anguish rose in her heart, but the sound of it did not come through her lips, as she drew near the open door hoveringly, as a blessed spirit might approach the mouth of hell, seeking for some lost one, sorely afraid to enter, yet impelled by the love that is stronger than death. She could not but go in, her feet carried her across the hall, moved by the same fascination which had drawn them towards the trees. Away to the right was the door through which Paul had passed with Simon on the day when they had first met as uncle and nephew, when Paul had consented to share the miser's interests and to touch the miser's gold. The door led, as she knew, to Simon's sitting-room ; and it also lay open. A second threshold was crossed — she advanced a few steps, and did not need to go further. Simon was sitting in his chair ; his head lay back so that the lace was almost hidden, his arm hanging over the chair, the long skeleton fingers nearly touching the ground. The old man was a corpse ; his breast covered with blood, and blood lying round about him on the floor. This was the ghastly spectacle on which May and the cold dawn looked in through door and window. A terrible cry — of more than fear, of more than horror — rent open May's lips, and made the old house echo as it had never before echoed, even to the cries of the lamenting winds. Simon did not stir — nor was anything startled within the cursed walls except the echoes. May tried te fly, with some vague idea about saving some one spinning round and round in her dizzy head ; but, though the spirit might will the body would not obey, and she fell on the floor of the hideous chamber. For a long time she lay there silent, motionless, dead — like a second victim to whatever hatred bad spilt an old man's blood on the floor by her side. While the long spell of silence lasted the light grew clear in the room, and the dreadful sight it looked upon became more fully revealed in all its details. It was a colourless, grey morning, the sun had not yet risen, and yet there was a bright red glow lying on the ground outside, and creeping like a gilding round the window frames. It shone in through the panes, and danced with fearful frolic over the awful figure in the chair, glancing on May, and dyeing her white dress as the feelinp of life returned gradually into her body. At the risk of bring ing madness with it, consciousness came creep ing back to her. She wakened to life again, struggling with a pain at her heart, which seemed trying to crush it, that she might have death and peace ; but her healthful youth would not have it so, and out of her struggle came recollection, and with it the strong will and self-forgetting impulse which had already carried her so far in this adventure. She rose to her feet, and stagger ing, indeed, and still half-stunned, and covering her eyes with her hands, that she might not behold again the sight that had nearly killed her, she fled across- the hall and out of the house. Then she found herself wrapped in the glare of the burning woods ; hissing and roaring the fire rolled towards her over the heads of the nearer trees, which were not yet drawn into the furnace, though it shone right behind them. Clouds of smoke blotted the heavens, and were luridly pierced by the savage flames, which seemed to escape with every groan from the hearts of the perishing trees. Now that it had got mastery over the woods, the fire spread with a terrible rapidity, licking up root and branch, devouring oak, and beech, and chest nut, wrapping away in its embraces stalwart trunks and writhing boughs, and opening up such a raging abyss between heaven and earth, that it seemed as if the spirits of firelbad been let loose out of their kingdom, and the world having been given up to them, the last day had begun. May stepped out from the shadow of the grim house into a scorching atmosphere, that made her eyes grow dim and her breath seem to burn. Her dress, her flesh, her hair grew hot, so that she felt as if already wrapped in the flames, while the fire half encircled her at a distance of about a hundred years. With still the one idea of Paul's madness possessing her, the thought flashed through her mind that this new horror must be in some way owing to it — that he himself was even now buried in yonder furnace. ' Paul ! Paul !' she shrieked in a high shrill note that pierced the smoke cloads and reached further than the bellowing of the trees ; and, bereft of aU reason, she rushed frantically towards the flames. A few wild steps and her feet stopped again. What was that ? Oh ! what was it ? Not the roaring of the trees not the hissing of the flames — not the moaning of the newly-attacked giants, whose bodies were girdled by the fire — not like to any of these was the sound that made her stop. It was Paul's voice calling to her. ' May ! May !' it cried, in a loud and ringing voice ; and it was not coming from the fire, though if it had summoned her from thence she would have obeyed it. It was call ing from behind her — from the side where lay fields and medows and the river cooling the land. ' May ! May !' This time the voic sounded nearer to her — Paul was not far away — he could see her and was calling to her ; and it was not the voice of a murderer nor that of a myirimanj but the clear, honest voice of Paul Finiston in his senses. May knew it of old ; it was a sound sweet and unhoped for, and each echo of it pierced her brain with a state of perilous joy. The revulsion of feeling was so sudden that it almost robbed her a second time of her senses ; and as she wheeled round to obey the ran she doubted her own sanity, and moaned aloud piteously in the agony of uncertainty. Was she, too, mad, and did she imagine happy sounds which could be heard no more on earth ? She began running towards the direction from which the sound reached her, she pre ceived Paul coming to meet her, walking rapidly, pushing his way through the bushes from that side of the wood not yet approached by the fire. It seemed as if he had descended from the mountain. He Was quickly at her side, and threw a protecting arm around her. «? Youare goingto faint, '.he cried. ' What can have brought you out here alone ?' May shuddered and shrank from him. ' Simon is dead !' she said. ' Simon is murdered !' Paul started. ' Simon murdered 1' he said, awe-struck. ' What do you mean ? How do you know ?' ' I mean — I know — oh God, Paul, oh God ! — tell me you did not do it !' ' I ?' Paul drew back and looked at her with horror. ' Forgive me ! forgive me ! I think my senses have left me. Oh Heaven, what I have suffered ! Oh this terrible, terrible night !' ' My darling, calm yourself! You are dis tracted by the sight of this extraordinary fire. It has frightened you out of your sleep. It is very strange and awful ; but can be traced, I do not doubt, to some simple cause — the great heat of the weather, or some sparks from the fires on the mountain. You were raving just now, saying that Simon had been murdered ; the fire has not reached the house, and he shall certainly be saved. I was hastening to look after him when I caught sight of your white dress.' May looked in his face with a puzzled and wistful gaze. ' Paul !' she said, ' are you sure you are in your right senses.' Paul smiled, though he was uneasy, thinking her a little crazed by fright. 'I think I am,' he said. 'I feel like a sane man. I am more in my right senses at least than you are.' Still she looked at him wonderingly and fearfully. *' Do you remember last night ?' she said. 'Yes,' he answered, smiling, and will ing to humour her. ' I do remember last night ; should you like to hear an account of it ? I wakened with the moonlight, where you allowed me to fall asleep on the sofa, in your parlour. I could not go to sleep again, and turned out to enjoy the night, and to think over a crowd of things which came into my head. I got up into the hills, and soon saw that the woods were burning. I watched them for some time, knowing there was nothing for it but to let them bum themselves to death ? ' (To he Continued. ) 