ACTA POPULI. Bt the Flaneur. From harmony, from heavenly harmony, This universal frame began ; Whon naturo underneath a heap of jarring atoms lay, And could not heave her head, Tho tuneful voice was heard from high, Ariso, yc more than doad. Thon cold and hot, and moist and dry, In order to thoir stations leap, ]?rom harmony, from heavenly harmony, Thin universal friuno be;jan ; From harmony to harmony Through all the compaorj of tho notos it ran, Tho diapason closing full in man. — Detdek. When Kusio, heavenly maid, was young 'While yeli in early Greece she sung, Tho -world was plonscd to hear each air, 'Cance they'd no derned old orgunc there. — Tun Uekitown Mimon. Pee Jupiter, Bacchus, Apollo and all the rest of the frisky gods ! but we're a wondrous race indeed. Wot only are we able to busy ourselves at a moment's notice with all the tumultuous and distracting deeds connected with a bloody war, but so great is our phenomenal versatility, that we are also enabled to attend to thooo more refined and soothing cares which are peculiar to the piping times of peace as well. In proof of this, we havo only to gaze on the pic turo of our warlike Ministry on tho one hand, and of that of our ultra - har rnonious City Fathers on the other. While our own ' Littlo Corporal,' the Acting Premier's whole drcanio of late have been of Nordenf eldts, Gatling guno, cutting Mahdi'c throats, of breaches, ambuscades, Modini bladea, and all other matters pertaining to the battlefield, our worthy Mayor haa beon kept in a St. Cceeilian nort of heaven of organ claviers, mutation stops and ' swcllo/' and instead of mounting a spavin' d cteed, to fright the souls of Soudan adversaries, ho has been capering nimbly in tho Town Hall chambers to tho laoGivious pleasing of a darn'd old fluto. This is just as it should be. Tho 7io quid nimis, or 'not too much of anything'5 of Terenco i3 a remark that will keep sound in any oliinato, and so, whon we aro tired of Dalley's fierce Ta-ran-ta-ra on the clarion shrill, we can turn to Play fair and bid him soothe our souls to rest onee more with tho voluptuous harmonies of a Mozart on a ,=812,000 organ. This is rare for us indeed, and I doubt if Solomon in all his glory eould boast that his people were half as well eared for — or as heavily taxed — as the people of this city. All we want now is plenty of wages, coupled with no work, and then, I doubt if even a 99 years' lease of the choicest subdivision in Mahomet's heaven, with ocean views, fruit trees, and a full company of dark-eyed houris thrown in, would tempt even the most fickle minded amongst us to leave the sunny shores of favoured Sydney. A few days ago, I happened to be standing out side the Town Hall, silently wondering how one small building like it could hold 30 raueh collective wisdom as it does without bulging out in the sides worse than John Lucas's old prize-medal buggy, when the young man who sits in the City Council's room and prevents absent-minded citizens from paying their taxes twice over came up and told me there was a good thing going on inside, and I accordingly stepped up just in time to hear the whole of the Town Hall organ discussion. On rising, our worthy Mayor, having- helped himself to a shovelful of Burdekin's best ' rapparee,' ob served that ' music hath charms to soothe the savage breast.''' Alderman Moore objected, and said that whatever effect music might have on a bare-backed savage, there were times when its influence was anything but soothing on the mind of his more cultured and cleanly white brother. For example, whon. a man sat down to write a powerful article on some abstruse subject such as the 'Pristine Peculiarities of the Pristiophorus Cirratus,' or the ' Domestic Policy of the South American Ant-eaters,' what co\ild be more maddening than to find a touzle-headed garlic-chewing son of Romulus or Keinus — or the wolf — dumping his hurdy-gurdy under the window and proceeding to give lip to such frivoloits senti ments as ' Johnny don't tickle the baby,' or ' You may kiss me and caress mo and I won't tell my ma' ? The Mayor replied that he was shocked and pained to find there was even one alderman who objected to music. The immortal Mr. Shakes peare, whose father he (the Mayor) was proud to say was a butcher, declared that the man who hath no music in himself was only fit to hatch Kiama Ghost scares, and would prig the pennies off the eyes of a pauper's corpse ; therefore, let not such a man bo trusted any farther than ho can be thrown. He, himself, was passionately fond of music, and in fact if ho hadn't been able to go to -C. as a youth he would havo never achieved hia present greatness. Music was sanctioned by the Bible ; in fact, aided by that Biblical scholar Mr. D. Buchanan, ho had made a calculation,' and found that [the word music io mentioned no less than 165 times in tho Old Testa ment alone. He had much pleasure in sub mitting the report of tho select committee chosen to consider the advisability of procuring for the Sydney Town Hall an organ — not necessarily tho best, but most decidedly the biggest; organ in tho Imown world. Alderman Harris then ntruck the floor and said he objected to tho whole thing i% ioto. Possibly tho Bible did make use of the word music, but he defied anyone to provo that it ever alluded to a young- lady banging- away at five-finger exercises at 5 a.m., or to a Mayor so far forgetting the dignity 01 his position as to go dancing about on. tho pedals of an organ like a sandy-hill flea on a hot; plate. Ho would move that tho organ be pitched out, and a pump restituted in its ntead. Alder man Dean thought tho Agent-General would be the best person to select an instrument, because as that gentleman knew nothing at all about the matter he vras not likely to be hampered by a blind adhesion to any particular school of music. All knowledge is but guesswork, and, naturally enough, all g-uesovork must be knowledge ; there fore, he would propose that Sir Saul Samuel be empowered to send us out an organ on a .10 or 15 yeara' trial. Alderman J. D. Young suggested that a Jew's harp rrould be more in the Agent General's lino, but he -was 'withered by a look from the other Young, who rose and said he was pre pared to go in bald- headed for the best organ that could bo concoctod in the world. He wan a musical enthusiast himself, he had performed on the German concertina evor since he left off wearing pinnies, and ho believed that in consequence thereof he had done more for the under takers of the city than any man oil his sine living. Even now he occasionally practises on the big drum when there isn't a ' wako ' going on in the nort house, and he al30 could point with pride to the fa-ct that he refused two engagements to play the triangles at an eight-hour demonstration picnic. The only draw back he eould seo to tho proposed organ was in some points of the specifications. For instance, it was proposed to have five manual claviers with tubular pneumatic action altogether. What they wanted vn,s a 14-horso power steam engine, which could bo connected on to the kerbing and guttering o£ the Q flat diapason, and thon the concern could be made to water the streets of the city every timo the organ played. Again, 'what necessity was there for having a ' swell' organ m the Town Hall whon they already possessed a swell Town Clerk ? Furthermore, — and it mr.de all his artistic blood boil whenever he thought of this— it was actually proposed to rob the ratepayers by fixing the manual claviers — the Mayer : ' Cleavers, Mr. Young, not claviers.' Mr. Young : ' Excua© mo, I boarded and lodged for three 'weeks in the same hotel as Giorza, and I ought to know 'what an organ is I think ; the word is claviers.' The Mayor ; ' Why goldurn your impudence, haven't I been before the block, man and boy, for 30 years ? I say it's ' cleavers.' Mr. Young : ' The word is immaterial, but what I say s this, an attempt is being made to swindle tho ratepayers by fixing the manual claviers with composition pedals and composition thumb pistons.' He, Mr. Young, would never be a party to sanction this. What the organ wanted was good wood-cubing pedals, 6 x 10, coated with coal tar and properly wedged and rammed home, and as for the thumb pistons they were a fraud, and nothing less than a battery of! 16 stampers with hydraulic bourdons connected to a 9-inch sewer of manual pedals running round the bass, and topped with a solid concrete of P sharp chromatic, and asphalted cube sets, woiild do. He was thankful he was able to attend the meeting that day, because this was a matter on which none but practical musicians should be allowed to speak. Alderman Young having finished his learned oration, the Mayor proceeded to wake up the slumbering aldermen by putting his index finger in his mouth and imitating the popping- of a cork against the slumberers' ears, aftor which Alder man J. D. Young hoisted himself on his heels and said, — 'Eomans, countrymen, and lovers, — My candid opinion is that not one out of the whole caboodle of us can tell B flat from B d — .' The Mayor : ' Order, Mr. Young — keep to the sub ject.' Mr. J. D. Young : ' Well, my sympa thies are all in favour of the organ, be cause I can see a thousand ways in which it can be niado of groat benefit to the people.' He would even go a step further and suggest that the Mayor and aldermen form a brass band in connection with that organ, and he was dead sure that when the lot commenced to perform the very dead will squirm in their graves and call upon their vaults and tombstones to fall down and hide them. With such a band the colony need never dread invasion from a hostile foe. All the War Office would have to do when an enemy appeared was to let the sewers loose into our lovely harbour and command tho Town Hall band to play ' Rule Britannia ' at the base of the Hyde Park scent bottle, and the foe would then scuttlo their own ships to avoid the torture. The Mayor could worry the organ Avhile the aldermen did their little rootle-tootle-tootles in the yard, and if they could only persuade one of the municipal staff to take tho part of performing monkey, he thought tho public would drop enough coppers into Alder rnnn Burdekiu's snuff-box to clear off the whole of the city debt in three months. 'My friend, Alderman Burdckin, for instance,' continued the orator, ' is a man whoso soul is about two-thirds full of music already, and I l.vlieve he would have paid for the proposed organ out of his own purse only some unprincipled scoundrel had joined the Soudan contingent just on purpose to give him ' brusher ' for six weeks' house rent. Of- course it would be easier to take the kink out ?of a poodle's curly tail than to teach some alder men the mysteries of music, but those uncul ?chawed persons could be made drunk and placed in front seats as 'buttoners' to encourage others to sit a performance right out to the bitter end. Just at present the members of the Ministry are receiving all the public Iciulos for their military achievements, but no matter — for, as Cowper sang, ' Other Romans shall rise, Heedless of a soldier's name ; Sounds, not arms, shall win the prize, Harmony the path of fame.' That timo would boom as soon as ever a Town Hall band was formed, and then, think of Jthe joy which would fill each alderman's proud breast as a second bard arose, and in deathless strains recorded the fact that — ; ' Tommy Playfair thump'd the organ, Burdelcin blew the drum ; ? '? John Harris hang'd the tambourine, And Meeks went pom, poru, pom.' . Mr. Young, then resumed his seat amidst breath less applause, and the Mayor, after remarking that he felt as if he had been living on salt ling for the past five years, formed his squad into a hollow square and marched them off to a field where ' the corn was gently waving.' Such of our readers as are interested in the welfare of Great Britain, and the market value of ' Bolony' sausage and lager beer, will, I am sure, be delighted to hear that the English Go vernment, acting on the shrewd advice of Earl Granville, has decided upon allowing Germany 5* to retain possession of all that part of New Guinea which she has recently annexed, and which, by the way, she never had the slightest idea of relinquishing, no matter how badly Great Britain might have felt about the business. Earl Granville' s good nature towards the Vaterland in this little affair is only equalled by his wonderful astuteness and the profound wisdom of the advice tendered by him to the English Cabinet reminds me of the tale told of old Mr. Easinussen, who once wrote to an eminent lawyer, asking if he, Mr. Easniussen, hadn't a right to object to the conduct of a neigh bour's bulldog who used to lie on the footpath and reach with his mouth for the old man's calves every time he passed him. To this inquiry the man of law replied as follows: — 'You are per fectly right in most decidedly objecting to the principle that your neighbour's dog is entitled to monopolize the exclusive right to the whole path way, but, practically , if he is a big dog and wants the pathway badly, I would strongly advise you to let him have it.' And Bismarck being a very big dog just now, Earl Granville puts his principle in his pocket, and acts on the practical part of the matter solely. It ia also satisfactory to be able to state that those inestimable boons, our High . schools, are doing finely — so fine in point of fact that they stand a fair chance now of fading away into nothing. At Bathurst, the High school Avhich was started off with such a nourish of trumpets has been a frozen fraud from the day it opened, and it is now fast tottering to destruction. At Goulburn, only 10 pupils could be rounded up this year for tuition, and I believe the Maitland High school will have ' Ichabob' chalked on its gates and ' To Let — A Bargain' pasted on its window s at the end of this month. From top to bottom, the whole of our Public Educational system is rotten,. but then what can we expect for a paltry .£850,000 per annum ? The 3ole good point about our Public schools is the able staff of teachers employed, and to the eternal shame of the colony be it said, these talented, painstaking men and women are treated as if they were nothing better than.alotof State paupers. The greater part oi tne cniiaren s wexiare is entrusted to these persons' care ; we expect them to do their duty faithfully aiid well ; and yet, in many cases, we allow them barely enough to keep body and soul together, and we expect them to put up with in justice without daring to raise a single murmur of complaint. It was a great day for the Catholic faith when its followers were comj)ellod to educate their children after their own desires, and I am not quite sure that it wouldn't be the correct thing for the Cath olics of the land to erect a statue to Sir 'Enry Parkos for the priceless blessing he has (uninten tionally) conferred upon them. If a statue would be too expensive we might present him with a handsome copy of Mr. Buchanan's new exposition of the Bible with the leaf turned down at St. Paul to the Corinthians, chapter x.v,, 24: ' Let no man seek his own, but that which is. another's.'' This reminds me of another remark of the great apostle to the effect that ' One man estoemeth one day above another : another estcemeth every day alike.' And, if I am rightly informed, a certain lady uonneeted with one of our model high schools acts on the latter part oi' the above sentence, for, on a certain Sunday, not only did she make holy the day by doing- the family washing, but she added insult to the injury inflicted on her co-religionists by hanging- out tho whole of her regenerated linen right in front of the Presbyterian church adjoining. The moral effect of this little piece of pleasantry on the minds of the High school pupils must have been very great indoed, but as this particular school is on the wane, our fair Sabbath-breaker probably felt like the barber who, on being remon'strated with for shying all his slops in the parlour fire place, replied, 'Oh, bust the odda ! I'm goin' t* leave this crib directly.' However, it was scarcely the thing for a model , High school lady to do, and I can well excuse the inverted psalms which a certain pious old elder sang when the sharp end of a well-soaked sheet caught his long black hat round the waist and slung it into the gutter like a dead rat. It is tlxe fashion with some men (but very few woman) to sneer at the physician's profession, and declare that fewer strides have been made in the healing art than in anything else since the world began. This assertion is very much at variance with real facts, and I may also remark right here, that when any ailment seizes on these scoffing wiseacres they are the very men who howl loudest for the doctor's aid. Yet I doubt if the sihartest M.D. of the time could hold his own even with one of Mr. Abigail's friends, the ' so called quacks,' who, as that distinguished senator once declared, have 'proved themselves to be highly successful even in the most fatal cases.' The science of the physician has kept pace with all things else, as half an hour's chat with any really clever medical man will amply prove, but as the respectable portion of the ' facility ' are above .proclaiming their merits from- thS housetops, un thinking persons are apt to fancy the science is at a standstill.' It is '; not' very ' many centuries ago since the hell-broth .brewed by the witches in Macbeth' was like'''' Chateau Margaux'; by the side of the beastly concodtions the skilled doctors of the day ' Tise'cLJf6' prescribe for their unhappy patients. And' tins' reminds 'me : that for pure simplicity nothing could exceed the treatment recently ordered by1 a certain Sydney practitioner of twenty years' standing, who scorns the idea of being 'registered,' and who clearly believes that a thorough course of medical training is only necessary for those who cannot get on without it. This gentleman honestly ' admits that he never troubled his head about any medical schooling whatever, but he took the thing naturally just as a child does the measles, and now so great is his praficiendy in the healing art, that,' to use his own words, he is able to distinguish between a cancerous and a1 non- malignant tumor, by finding in : the one case cancer cells in the blood, and not in the other, when placed under the micro scope.' This I am certain was never known to Hippocrates or Galen, and in fact I don't believe that 'Scotch Mary,' the celebrated Bondi practitioner, was acquainted with it either; but, however, the gentleman re ferred to was recently introduced to a patient who had developed ' a strong scarlet rash, ac companied by large, irregular elevations, with several shotty elevated spots;' For this, the modern Abernethy rubbed in St. Jacob's Oil, but as the patient continued to get no better very fast, he made a nice little batter of ' baking soda and water,' and then, finding the spots getting more sjiottier than before, he suggested a little thing of his own which could be had in either large or small pots, a considerable saving being of course effected by using the larger pots. In all probability/ this latter remedy would have suc ceeded admirably, but for one trifling circum stance. The patient it appears died, and it was then discovered that the shotty spots and the red rash were the unmistakable symptoms of a most virulent case' of smallpox. This, however, casts no evil' reflection on Mr. Abigail's friends the ' quacks,' as he himself designates them, because I myself can bear testimony to the fact that one of them recently set the teeth of a cross-cut saw very nicely indeed, and another extracted a bad corn from an iambic foot in one of Alfred Allen's latest war songs. 