Guild of St. Laurence. The annual festival of the Guild of St. Laurence was held in Christ Church on Monday night. The communion table was decorated with bunches of flowers, and on the table were eight lighted candles. There was a large congregation present. The service was begun by a hymn being sung, during which the members of the choir and others walked down one side of the church; and up the centre. A banner was carried in the front and another in the middle of the procession, and the Primate and his chaplain walked at the rear. Prayer was said, the scripture read and an anthem was sung, after which, a 'service of admission' took place. The Rev. C. F. Garnsey stood near the rails of the communion table, and three males and three females walked out of their pews and went and knelt in front of him. He then said to each, I receive and admit thee as a member of the St. Laurence Christ Church Guild, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen:' Some prayers were said, after which the admitted ones resumed their seats, A hymn was then sung beginning — Ten thousand times ten thousand, ~ In sparkling raiment bright, The armies of the ransomed saints Throng up the steeps of light. 'Tis finished, all is finished, Their fight with death and sin Fling open wide the golden gates, And let the victor's in. A sermon was then delivered by the Bishop of Syd ney, who chose as his text 1st Thessalonians 5th chapter, verse 11. The Guild was, he said, for the church, and a society where everyone would help one another, but they must recognise a higher power. The Guild must have a subordinate position, and not an exalted one; It was sometimes asked, ' What is in the obligations of these guilds which belongs not to the membership of the Church of Christ ? - What in any pledge can bind people to which we are not already bound by the baptismal vow ? Associa tions were formed for temperance, social purity, and for other church work, within the great society of all. To those present he said, "Belong or belong not as you will," but he urged upon them to think of what they were about to do. If the Guild was kept in its proper place it would do good; but if it was not.\, it would be a drawback. 