SPORTING BOTES FROM ENGLAND. Br IIcDiniua. "Jlc knows what's wlmt."— Bailor. Kewmauket, 9lb July. tvery one has bis separate, and generally his a'.ret, ideal of. poi-fcet felicity. To myself as a racing man, attending raco meetings all ovor Ike country, tho Newmarket July Meeting was, tho nearest, approaoh to complete' happiness that it was my good fortuuo to raperlonce. Kaoing that wook mat indeed a pleasiiro j no crowding, no lmello,no hard work; wonthdr generally cnjoynblo, and all the surroundings roseate in line. "" 8ubli at any rate was tho gathering behind tho ditch until a couple of years ago, at which", liino tho old ordor uf tilings beenmo changed, and what previously had boon " a pleasure at' once became a toil. No more mooning In the morn- ing aud meandering in llio evening for, us poor unfortunate turf scribes, but work, work, work — morning, noon 11 ml night. All this differouco has been caused -by tho introduction of year ling sales, which have' now become part1 and parcel of tho July wreck. : Southbrnbreedors, finding it inconvenient ' to send so far northas Doncastor, experimented wiili Nowmarket, an experiment found both suitable iihd successful,'" so much so that during tho past (lay or two tho sales attracted quito as much attention as the" racing, which has scarcely boon up to , tho jtro- rsge. Bat ore discussing Newmarket it may bo as well to dis'poso of Stockiiridgq and Now- castle. Tho latter mooting is scarcely worthy of criticism— flat, Btalo and unprofitable.' As it began so it finished; and Thursday's racing was perhaps tlio worst of tho thrca days, in not ono of which was mediocrity attained. Still, the ma jority of tho spectators wore delighted, for if tho liorso3 wero" bad tho finishes were good, aud although no reason can bo given, it is astonishing bow frequently tho two circumstances go together. Nor was Btouk- 'g Quito tho Stockbridgo of yore, although, tiuliko Newcastle, tho concluding day was tho ono which produced tlio best sport. In tho PoBt hiveeptakes a smart couploof two-year-olds, Kendal amlMqphisto, tho respective property of a uuko aud prince, liad a rare sot to, of which llio former only got tlio adrautago by a bond, unriously enough tho winner was a Bon of Bend Or, and tho losor of llobort tho Dovii, so that the sons were repeating tho sires' memorable Borby finish of 1880. Thon came tho Hurst- oouriio slakes, in which qunlitv, not quantity, vas the characteristic of tho field. What Sara- rand is every ono knows, and Exmoor's cre- uontmls make him more than useful, while St. rin, a son of Hermit aud Lady Paramount, awl boon purolmsed for tho Duohoss of Mout- lisni , " Yardloy salo, for 2100 gulnoa9, nnd 2? triod somothing liko a stono euponor to Gay Hormit. Thanks to Exmoor tlio paco ivns a oraokor, but when it camo to tlia ?n,- <4"'i"d had no chanco with o luvmciblo Saraband, who added another to nr...,,?, ? Girdl". Thobais sucoumbod Ilia 1 60 ,n 'J10 Queen 8 1'lato. and although it R animal is now in good form, her i Kraud old maro has soon to tim lJ ' n w woU sntitiod to bid adiou Ascot bmC?uPr ,8h0 ,won th0 GoId Vasa at herin'tliSf Li lucky thtit tho opposition to It .H1"1 ovout: wns o£ £ho wonkost, aadXoilln 1 30 ,o£. nmbo with Carlialo ivrctchwl fa'"0UH finishes, but noii tlin ,.?? '6' , 0 onl? class liorso presout Th& ni'v0'1'?1 ov?ut- too Giimbcriauu Plato, who th? American cast off, Blue Grass. I-ondSdS "trough by a short head from hiiat oJir vS,' i au(J.,8avo studonta of tho hook cneho'Maonoall "fits." Hover Lonrtmf!? neld anotbor eafo on publlo form. iluieli«i ?luo Graafli as York ho AvciL'ht tim, A at ft mucil lc£9 difference in b 11 i«au they were now. meotinir at, It may ho that when rogues begin to go straight they continuo to do ao, but 1 am also certain that many a one that apparently runs shiftily in good company runs ns gaiuo as a pebble when tho class is indif ferent. BIuo Grass, I allow, cannot always bo depended upon, but ho is nevertheless far from the good horse that his owner and myself once believed liini to be. .Tohnnio Osborne trains Londonderry, nnd (old ail his friends how rosy his prospects wcro, and yot " Old I'ushor," liko tlio honest bit of humanity that ho is, goes and beats his own good thing by tlio shortest of heads, ho having tho mount on Bluo Grass. Whiaii wonld be tho greater, his plea sure as a successful jockey or his disappoint ment as an unsuccessful trainer ? Tlio July Stakes was tho only raco of im-. portanco on tho opening dny at Nowinnrkot, liud an exoiting- race it was in more respects than ono. Kendal and Jfephisto wero to fight their Stockbridgo battle ovor again, joined this time also by St. Miriu, who was thought to liavo got closer to Saraband than any othor that has yet made tho attempt. Tlieu tliorc was also Sle Alvere, not to mention Cataract nnd Scaton, thu last named being backed more perhaps bccauso Archer had tho mount than any othor reason. Despite Stock bridgo running, Mepliisto wns'ii better favor- thau Kendal, 03 tho extra dny or tw.o had brought him a bit more forward in condition ; but history once more repeated itself, and once more Kendal 'was first and Mopliisto second,' with three-quarters of a length between thorn; Many thought Mephisto unlucky to loso, as ho was bored in by the winucr, and AVood had to pull Uiui right out' of tho way to' avoid a Colin? sioh. - Still tlireo-quarteis of a length is a lotof ground to make, and' in my opinion, and ' as I had not backoil. either, , I .viewed tho race thi'ougli uncolored glasses, nothing within rea son would have altered tlio result. Lord .CaP thorpe's lovely chestnut' filly, Sto Alvero,.was running stronger than anything at the finish, and is evidently a stayer. Not.oncr.of tlio lot, howover, can bo a flyor, clso what, a clipper amougst clippers must Saraband be, as lio gave Kendal 7 lb. at Ascot and fairly lost liim. They may nevertheless bo bettor- than supposed, as ovoiythiug points to tlieX'eck- Childwfck young ster as being something oUtof thu common run; From first to Inst his form is consistent, and tlio more it' is examined tlio. better it reads. Energy ou the second day won the July Cup, but with oilds of 4 to 1 on, beating suPb. as Highland .Chief at cvcii weights, nnd ' The l'riuco.at 4 lb., lolls us liotliing nbout bitn that wo did not before know. Over his own course lie is undoubtedly a Bmashbr, but nojio tlio greater a smasher owing to lhora;iilto£ this race, t Guy Xlentut also won tlio Exeter Stakes ill a canter, but beat nothing. rrovioits to tho yearling sales sixteen animals from tliO'Duohoss of Montrose's stud camo under Mr. TuttorsuU'a. liaiuiner, hut all diJjiot chauge. hands. .Mricheatli, warrniited somid, and Koir, gjoggjMill rbuud, iyitli.roserycyqf'20OT':an'd'50q g'uihoa rosp'ecliVeiy, iiad 'nij offer1, wliiclv yfsii 'alw-the"<MSd'-wifli,Obo"roU'1(40£®!guiiiOa''P'tbi' iibrye);jiv'ha\vas.boueht as. a two-yea v-i>ld; for 2500 guinoas at Lord Falmouth's sale, and Lored Ono, a light framed Sco-saw— Filgrimago colt, for whom no one would venture 1500 guineas. For the grand and .grand looking Energy, Captain Machcll was the only bidder, his solitary offer of 4000 guineas ( tlio reserve price) securing him for himself and Mr. Gerard, which two gentlemen lost no tliiio, winning tlio July Cup Willi him on tlio following day. Tlioy got a bargain, but Mr. Lowtber paid quito euougU for Willio Darling, when lio gavo 1750 guinoas for tho three-year-old son of Hermit and Stockwator, an opinion whioh I do not waver in, -as do- many, because Fred "Archer's nod was the penultimate ono at 1700 guinoas. Ono thing all wore plensod to soe, aud. that was Lord Falmouth, whoso' health is wondorfully improved, purchasing brood mares. Into tlio details of the yearling sales, so far ns they haro gone; space will not permit mo to enter, but this much is certain, the prices paid, although no way sensational, do not seem, to indicate that money is as light ou the turf as it is in othor places. Of tho Seftou stud lot one or two wore sont back, but Alec Taylor giving 1C00 guinoa8-for a slashing Isonomy — Jannctto colt reads liko good husinoss. Sovon of the Iivorno Minster youngsters changed hands, tho average being 516 guineas, nnd the top prico, 1600 guinoas, paid by Mr. Pock for a woll de veloped filly by Soo Saw out of Mugdalene (ilnin of Tho Bard), a' matornal relationship which fnlly nccounts for the prieo and the purchaser, Mr.-. John Porter gavo 1100 guineas for a Don- castorcolt. - For want of something bettor to do poncillors liavo boon trying to got up a market on tlio St. Legor, but so fnrlittto has beeii done. Tho only genuine bit of work haB been in connection with Lonoiy, who hiiB boon well supported, nnd who has a coming appearance. 'Melton peopio prefer to lot alone for tho present ; Isobar does not advance, but retrograilos, being, it is said, a non-stayer; and Esterling has boon turned out of training, in the face of which a vordant gentioman yesterday accepted 40 to 1, only to bo offered 100 to 1 thonext moment." It'is true on tho turf ns in other walks of lifo that it is to thoso who' liavo enough that mora is- always given. Only last week Captain Mitchell pre sented to Fred. Archer a model Victoria for the use of his infant daughter, and this wock Mr. H. Marks, a professional, has completed tlio thing by giving a particularly small pouy for tho samo uso. Is this lioro worship, or i3 it tlio worship of success,' or is it gratitude ? If tlio last named, it must bo gratitude of that stamp which is said to ho a lively seuso of favors to como. Henley wns a more gorgeous fete than ovor, hut tho courso was oven worse kept than usual,' and tho choice of tho station in many inotaneos foreshadowed the result of tho race. A prettier spot than Henley it is impossible to imagine, but a worse courso for a regatta would he diffi cult to find. Tho Cnnadian fonr-oarod orow nliont which Ifanlan went into ecstasies had not a ghost of a chance. Thoy wero fast for half a milo, and thou wero dono with. Tho German ropvesontalivo finished third of l-lirco rowers in the final for tho Diamond Sculls, but ho took his boating good-naturodly, lamenting that there was no place betting, else ho might have won a hit. Curainings and Georgo havo not yot como to tonus, although it is now highly probablo that they will do so, and that immediately. 