_ Progress of St. Mary's Catedral. A very marked advance in the wor&at; St. Mary's Cathedral has (says the Echo) tah place within the last few months, and althone these represent a small instalment only of whaimains to be done to complete that portion of theschedral already commenced, they involve a con¿rable outlay. The large memorial window oxiained glass at the end of the church overlocSkr the Domain, the gable over this window, the iäos of the High Altar, that of the altar in ti Lady Chapel, and the beautifully-wrought conünion rail, have all been erected within the lasdx or eight months, at a cost of about ¿S700Í The stained glass window, which is a memoriao tho late Archbishop Vaughan, is probably theíÍBt in the southern hemisphere, and is the |R'C of Messrs. Hardman and Powell, of Birmiham, who, under the advice of the architect, Mr. Isdell, were employed to execute the whole of tho)¡ined glasswork in the cathedral, and the follow} is a description furnished by thom of the desigb the window in question:-The cycle of subjel ar- ranged for representation in the stained glass the different windows of the cathedral, some ofjiich have already been completed and placed in siyom prises most of the events in the life of the Virginiry. These lead up to, and in view of the dediory title of the cathedral, find their appropriatéiale in the groat north window, in which is depiófcher coronation in heaven, with other illustrative) îaes and incidents connected with it. Across theuire central portion of the eight lights formhi.he lower and principal part of the window is Pre- sented the titular and chief subject-the coroijon of the Virgin Mary, surrounded by a mnltitn of angels and saints, the whole surrounded w3 a stately canopy which, over the central portion ehe throne, rises in rich tabernacle work to the apof the lights. In six circles, each extending thlrVh two lights, and enclosed within a floral bordóíio source and origin of sin through pride and disÔti ence is set forth. The humility and obediciiftf the Virgin Mary, on the contrary, by her read') operation in the divine plan for the redomptiOif mankind, is the theme of the window. Tlvsx circles which surround the principal subject re- sent the rebellion of Lucifer and his wicked ;¿- i panions, and their expulsion from Heaven, tja creation of Eve, the Fall, the promise of a¡ decmcr, and tho expulsion from Paradise. Ina tracery, which divides itself into three disS groups, is represented the Virgin Mary in threQ character of daughter of the Eternal Fatt i mother of the Eternal Son, and spouso of the li Ghost. The subjects of the tracery lead on ty ( centrai snoject or tue window, tho coronAtiO/] the Blessed Virgin. It shows our Lord and J mother both crowned, their white robes enrif?, with brodierie and jewelled borders, seated inri midst of the central lights of the window on golu thrones. At the foot of the throne, and surround]' it on both sides, there is a celestial choir singing a making melody, some with voice, others on hil and organ, psaltery, timbrel, and lute." Ti portion of the scene has been presented w$ becoming beauty, majesty, and splendour. In fe two outer lights on either side are represented ti figures of virgins and holy women of the new dij pensation, and on the right those of malo saiirj who have been connected with, or have advanced defended, and honoured the name of the Viréí UT- nil.. -n- - J' . - - . - . Mary. The gablo over this window is complet« and indeed, except some small works of carving the north end of the cathedial may now be regarde) as finished. The gable itself is of most élaborât design, tho architect having evidently and ver; properly regarded it as the crowning portion !o that part of the edifice, where the richest em bellishmont should be displayed. The masonry Ó the gable is sunk into tracery as blank window^ but the five "lights" of the centre window ar filled np with richly canopied niches, in which at statues of full life size. The centre figure is thà of the Blessed Virgin, who is represented as hold ing up the Divine infant for the adoration of to" 1 world; and on tho right of the Madonna are statues of St. Joseph and St. Francis Xavier, and on the left those of St. John, the beloved disciple, and of St. Patrick. The reredos to the high altar and that to the altar in the Lady Chapel aro now completed, except the statues' which are left for future addition. 