THE DUG TAX. TO THE EDITOR. Sii — The time will soon come when we suaU be compelled to pay that most unreasonable tax for every dog 7s. 6d., and for every slufc 12s. 6d., or otherwise destroy them. Poordogs, I think they will have to give up the ghost, for between land and income and rabbit tax, I think in these depressed times it will be im possible to find money to pay the dog tax. I nave not noticed any one advertising1, to lend money on dogs. No wonder, for. after th« juvuey iioButseu paiu ior sue register or. sucn dog the animal is just as liable to destruction as if not registered- I think you will admit that the Act is unfair and unworkable. Why should the owner of a slut be called upon to pay nearly double that for a dog! 1 do not think they aie any more useful or useless. Did members of Parliament when they passed the Bill think that they were legis lating for the good of the country, for there are but few on their side of thinking, and those few of course are the owners of flocks of sheep which it is alleged have been injured by dogs. But how many of those sheep have died with old age and starvation they do not say. My exi-erience shows me that it would be a great gain to many of those small sheepfarmers to get all the dogs out of the way, so that their sheep could run ? at large when feed and water are scarce, thus saving their flocks from utter destruction. There have been sheep in my paddock for the last fortnight, and half a dozen dogs at my place night and day, but the sheep hare not been touched. This will snow you the harmless nature of dogs kept by farmers. If this Bill is supposed to suppress the nuisance those ?who brought it into force are misled,' for no farmer will keep more dogs than he has work for them to do, neither will he keep a dog that is destructive to property. The Bill should have been framed so as to allow every farmer holding eighty or more acres of land occupied by himself, and every shepherd one dog each free, and to pay a tax of 15s. or £1 for every second dog kept by such farmer or shepherd. This course would soon bring the number of dogs down to the lowest limit. As Parliament is to meet in June the fir3t busi ness on the list should be the repeal of the D.-g; Bill, and let us have something reasonable instead of compelling us to kill our best friends. — I am, &c;, E. P. Snowtown, April 11, 18S5. 