ENGLISH GOSSIP. LONDON, Oct. IG. . Tho sounds of preparation for tho coming political fray jar upon tho less demonstrative movements of tho Aita. Tliero two no brass bands and flags now in electioneering progresses, but they seem to fill the air nevertheless. A liltlo imagination may detect tho drums and cymbals in tho platform addresses. Thcro is on both, sides a great deal of posturing and noise. Later on tboro Avili bo n great doal more. You -will hoar tho ochóos of tho shouting at the Antipodes. Tho country is gathering at its great halls and in its open spaces. One day it listens to tho horrible story of Liberal maladministration. ; tho next it is harrowed with accounts of what awful things tho Tories would do if they dared. - Ono day tho Liberal big drums are beaten to drown the Tory trumpets, and tho next tho squeaking of tho Radical fifes and tho blatant yells of Socialistic and Salvation street obstruo tors, make night hideous. In the midst of all this there are rumours of impending war in tho Balkans, tho deposition of King Thobaw of Burmah, fresh in- trigues of France in Egypt, and suggestions of an insurrection in Ireland. It Avould seem at first blush rather difficult for Moiety and tho gontlor influences of literature and art to havo -what tho Americans call " a show " in tho midst of such, aggressive attractions as these ; but London contrives to keep itself tolerably freo from tho political excitement which whips tho provinces into a ferment. Tho centre of tho universe, London, is a World in itself. Whatover happons, it has always a population dovoted lo tho excreiso of the higher in- telligences. Even in tho midst of war it rinds tinto to carry on tho Artistic Succession, to pass on the lamp of knowledge which has come down to it from tho centuries ; and so, while the waves of political agitation dash as it were upon tho shores of our modern Babylon, it has its ebb and flow, and it never floods the inuer circles where the Arts are enthroned in tho midst of thoir worshippers, ii hieb in simplo lnnguago means that London hoops up its dignity as the molropolis should, and is not a moto city of political wrangling. A general election stiis it no moro thau a great now play or a new book, a fresh discovery in science, or the latest social scandal. Tliero lias lately boon moro talle about Lady Dilke and what sho is Uko, than about her new husband's endorsement of tho Chamberlain platform; more speculation concerning Chamberlain's visit to Gladstone than hits been excited by Lord Randolph Churchill's flaming address to the electors of Birmingham. Lady Dilko is a very pretty and charming woman. Her literary v.-oik is excellent Sito luis written in "tho French Jiciiaitsancd with tito grip of a man and tho acumen of a scholar. If Sir Charles comos honourably through tho ordeal of tho Ciauford divorce huit. Lady Dilko may be oxpoctod to livnl in her salon tho social and political glories of the late Lady Waldegiave. Wo havo no feminine political leader at present. The placo Íb quito viicant Lady Dilke would tako it mid occupy it with distinction ; but Sir Churlos must iirst justify his honour, llis friends say ho will. They declaro that Mrs. Craufoul will bo proved to have sulïered from hysteria; that sho is in this respect a second Lady Mordaunt On tho oilier side, men shako their heads and say, "Wait." It is toloinbly certain that the couragoous sympathy of Sirs, ».[ark Pattison helped to (Sustain Sir Charles at a vory orilical momont of his .career; and that tho hurrying on of thoir xnarriago Avas a splendid pieco of diplomacy, Thoy aro cid lovers, as you already know ; they ure remarkable «Doplo, and look wondorfully happy. Their honey- moon lftstod threo days. It was Lady Dilko'sAvishthat *jnmodiatoly after tho marriage Sir Charles should return io his political work, and ho did so within threo days ; but ho had not a very ploasant timo of it at his iirst political meeting. Some of tho crowd embarrassed him by questions concerning Royal grants. In the early days of Sir Citarles' political life ho said A-cry hard things of Itoyalty, and the cost of it, that it was common to twit him Avitli tho fact that ho still used tho titlo Avhich Avas tho gracious gift of the Queen herself. "Whon ho obtained offico ho cooled down, and the other night,' pressed by a Radical following to pledge himself to oppose any further Royal grants, ho refused to do so. Lady Dilke sat all tho time on the high seats of tho audience and applauded her husband's firmness in ro- osting the clamorous demands of his Republican sup- porters. Society is talking about tho now Lord Shaftesbury. Lord Ashley is not at all lilto his father. Ho has neither tho much-beloved old man's gracious manners nor his aristocratic impressiveness. People who know him say ho is kind- htnited, generous, amiable, but not clover. But'then you know tho new Lord ¡Shaftoi,bury is a sailor, and doos not pietend to anything else. Educated for tho sea, his chief experiences of lifo havo boon on tho ocoan, unless thoy aro rivalled by his expe- riences of city dinners. For years past there lias Inn illy been a city banquet which lins not been honoured ivith his presenco, and ho has invariably ie-.poni.ed for the $iavy, and just as invariably giving ono tho idea that ho had begun his speech before lie had finithed his dinner, or rather, to use a homely synonym, " as if ho had plums in his mouth." Journalistic' influence is a very real f.ictor in socioly UOiv-a-days, when even the Queon goes out of her way to correct errors of tho press, and to explain misstatc ments. îïo sooner had Sir Henry Ponsonby, on behalf of her Majesty, contradicted tho repoit that i-ho had invested a million in city property, than ho has to como forward with an explanation of the absence of a repre- sentative of the Queen at tho funeral torviee, at West- minster Abbey, in honor of tho late Lord Shattesbury. It appeal's that "Viscount Bridpott ivas iustuietcd to »ttend on behalf of tho Queen, but ho was not able to reach tho Abbey in time-a i cry lame excuse, not of the Queen, but for Viscount Bridport, The Prinro of "Walos mndo no mi.takc. The -VIur>|iiÍ5 of Hamilton Avas prêtent for his Royal Highness, who had instructed him by telegram from the Continent. On tlio eve of tho Afghan trouble with Russia it was as good as settled that the Luke of Edinburgh should succeed to the command of the Si editen ¡moan fleet Tho appointment was gioatly desired by his graeo, and the Queen favoured his ambition. The re- port of the duke's cowing ptoinotion i\as rei'oii ed in tho fleet with disfavour, .Hld did not meet with popular approval anywhere. At the clubs it was dwelt upon as a slight and an injuitico to old and tried ofilcois, and mole particularly to that excellent sailor Sir William Hewitt, who by right of seniority \i as en- titled to the place. Ncveilhok'bs the Liboral Govern- ment were understood to have sanctioned the appoint- ment whoa " riding for the fall " v hich ovontually came. They saerilieed tome sentiment in tho matter, it is said, and if thoy had remained in a fow weeks longer ,tho Duke would have lind supreme command of tho fleet Lord Salisbury coming into power fi oakly stated his objections to the appointment It plight bo very well, ho is uudciolood to haye said, when thoro ai ero no clouds in tho East, and no prospect of-ivar ivith Russia ; but, willi preparations of ti hostilo character going on for tho very opposite con *vingoncy, ho did not see hie; way to place tho Ctar's eon-in-law at the hoad of tho Mediterranean fleet, ay hich "would possibly bo the Iirst to come into collision with tho enemy. Ilor JMujcsty.saw tho force of this, and tho " question Avas allowed to drop until tho settlement of tho . Pcnjdch buàness, when it carno up again as lively as 'çvor, and tho newspapors announced positively that the Duke bad, had his way. His lloyal Highness oven began his arrangements for moving to his Bhip, and tho names of several officers wero mentioned as being about to receive sailing orders from tho new commander. But fate is evidently against his 'Royal Highness. At the moment that tho cup of Ids' ambition \raa et h,is lips tho Rouuioliuns dashed it to the jrrounà. Their revolt rwived Loi d Salisbury's original objection., Once moro avo might bo on tho wax-path, and avíÜi tho Duko's fathcr-ia-law as our enemy; ,and I,have every reason to beliovo that it has at the last moment boen decided to givo the post to tho lervice. namely, Sir "William Hewitt Tho Duke of Edinburgh is tho least popular of all the royal princes, and he is known' to have been in more than one international difficulty a partisan of Russia. But -vrhftt tho English people feel most strongly about is", his .lack of generosity. Rightly or wrongly, they think the Duke is a mean man, and that in a prince is on unpardonable sin. I once met his Royal Highness in Dr. Arthur Sullivan's rooms, and found bira a ' most kindly ' and amiable personage, an interesting conversationalist and a most cultivated musician. Dr. Sullivan counts among liis (rienda no mau moro truo, no man moro devoted to his' Interests, than tho Prince ¡and I havo hoard of many oourtoom and thoughtful nota which aro honourable to bia head «Ad V), huLbsut Hew is one of them;-»', "When ho visited Melbourne, ho honoured the theatre then under tho management o£ Mr. Charlea "Vincent (Vinci-) with his presence, and received much special attonüon nom the lessee. A yent- or two buck, when Vincent's widow (now Mrs. Arthur Stirling) in London applied to hint Cor his inlluenco in aid of hot- application for tho position of a lady professor o£ elocution at tholloval Academy of Music,ho sent for her, recalled his Melbourne memories of her and her husband, bpoko to the Prhwo o£ AYaloa in lier behalf, and sho mid Mrs. Kondall wore appointed loaders of the elocutionary classes. Mrs. Arthur Stirling, when Mrs. Vincent (or under her maiden naino o£ Miss Olovolimd), will bo well remembered in Aus- tralia. Her husband was the lousco of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, ivhovo he and his wife appeared iii 18Ö1. Vincent was thrown from his horse and received injuries from which ho dieil a fow days afterwards. TLiO" Duko of Edinburgh attended his funeral. -?Ijii-opos o£ music, if Mr. Sims Reeves decides lo vifait Australia on the propotuls of Messrs. Allison and Rignold, of Melbourne, lie will begin his tour next Mareil. I hope lie will bo supported by a well-selected concert party. Mr. Hooves at (JO has not tho physiquo ho liad at 80, and occasionally hu disappoints nri audience on account of a slight chronic affection of the throat and n morbid nervousness. The othor night ho sang at the piomcnudo concerts. He was warmly received, and lie sang with something of his old fli-e and forvour. JVroporly supported with a clever soprano, contralto, and baritone, ho should do well in Australia; more parti- cularly in English opera and oratorio. As a young man lleovos made a tremendous sensation at La Scaln, and for many years has deservedly hold the foromost place among English tenors. Ho is to-day the most interest- ing of vocalists, and one of the most learned and accom- plished of musicians. But, like a certain master in another art, Wilkie Collins, the famous tenor is now rarely, if ever, seen in society or at a club. Reeves has a lovely home on a pleasant hillside not far from the Crystal Palace, and Collins lives still and. works, away in "Upper Gloucestcr-place, on tho high road to St, John's Wood. He is writing a new novel for tho newspaper- press. His last short story, " Tho Ghost's Touch," is quite in his own vein. Mr. Collins has aged greatly within tho past year or two. His novels are more popular now in America than in England. Tho revival of sensational fiction ought, however, to make his earlier novels desirable books- for the new generation that is now being regaled with what are called " Shilling dreadfuls." Charles Reade's novels no longer have a large sale. " Ouida" leads tho van of popular novelists. She has made name, and fame, and fortune out of the English public, and she seems to be devoting all her leisure to villifying tho country, the people, and " the English writers of fiction." She has written strongly against one and all in an American magazine, and her recent novels are full of sneers at English taste, or tho want of it, English art, English women, and English homes. "Ouida" poses as a Florentine, but she is English, was educated in Scotland, and years ago passed much of her time haunting the London publishing houses with manuscript that they scornfully rejected manuscript which they would pay thousands of pounds for now. But that is no reason why " Ouida " should revenge herself upon tho English people. If tho pub- lishers did not treat her well in her literary novitiate, tho reading public have read everything she has written with interest, often with admiration, but occa- sionally (her own fault) with disgust. Ouida lives at Florence, and devotes tho early morning to composition, but never writes, she says, except when fervently inspired with her subject. The Pall Mall Gazette continues to take up every kind of unsavoury subject. Captain Burton's new version of "Tho Arabian Nights " having served for much special notice, it has returned with evident delight to tho question of art studies from tho nude. Mr. Horsley, H.A., having delivered himself of a foolish denunciation of tho nude in art, tho Pall Mall has interviewed a number of artists on the other side, thus bringing before thousands of innocent people many seemingly indelicate facts which belong to professional work. Mr. Stead meanwhile is stirring up the country in all directions in favour of what he calls " Tho New Crusade," tho leading feature of his meetings being resolutions endorsing his conduct and protesting against his: prosecution. Tho publishing reason is heralded by long lists of now books, but none, except those previously mentionod in my former letters, are particularly novel or attractive. Mr. Antonio Gallenga, who has done fair literary work in other diiectious, now makes his appearance with a novel, ¡nul ho pulu it forward na " sioiy without a murder in it," -which ia inlviiuled to bo, I piesume, a protest against novels that deal with crime. Beginners in fiction are wise when tboy present their woiks without pretaces, and Uley aro ill-udvUcd who introduce themselves as re- formers. Mr. Gallenga offers no novelty in '* a story without n murder." None oí Mr. Howoll's novels, and, I believe, none of Mr. James', havo murders in them. Thcio aro comedies as woll as tragedies in fiction, and a novelist who poses willi scll'-sntisfaction at having written a comedy instead of a tragedy oxbibits both igiKunnce and a vi ant of appreciation o£ his art. Catholicity of tacto is a great matter. As a rule, a no\ol should havo a plot; bul Mr. James does not think it a good thing to inscribe his novels as " stones without plots," nor does James 1'ayn indulge in [¡mular vagaries, though of late his fiction has been singuhr.ly void of constructive power. " The Luck of the Darrells" is his latest novel. It is blight in character studios, but as for a story, " Why, loi', sir," ho has none to tell, lord AYol=eloy has fiuiohed his " Life of the Duke of Marlborough." Tho King of Sweden will enter tho rankb of authorship in the spring (it must be as odd to you to letleet that this means May in England, as it is for us to remember that it moans Soptcinboi in Sydney) with an historical work on European events between 10133'and 1872. Mr. Charles Man Lu is writing a book for tho in stiuelion of the new electorate in regard to Eiu- oia's position in tho East, us it atibéis England and Hiusia. It is to bo called, liussia's power of attacking lilliginni!, mid v. ill bo pro- vided with maps illu-trati\o of our " vulnerability in the lSi:-t." Mr. Marvin i-, master of his subject, and tnl.es a stiong Iiupeii.dLlie view of it. Mr. Hubert Bui-hiijuii is writing his reminiscences of a literary career. The book i-, in the hands of Bentley. If Mr. Buchanan only brings together all tho offensive and personal things he has written against hin contom porniies, and some of their retorts upon him, there is a lively volume in storo for us. The piv-sago of arms betweon Yates and Bucbanau is one of the hottest in- cidents in tho chronicles of modern litoi.uy amenities. The second instalment of the GrcciUc .li'uroal is out. It took the town hy surprise yesterday. Vivo thousand copies ha\o boen disposed of. They aro chiefly in the hands of tho libraries and middlemen. Mr. Thomas Hardy's now novol, "A Moro Interlude," is to make its iii st appearance in tho provincial uows papors. Tho -fti-witie/j'iam. Weekly Mercury is men- tioned as one of tho syndicate of propriotora who havo Beciu-ed the newspaper rights. In tho now edition of " George Eliot's Lifo," Mrs. John Cosh, of Coventry, writes an appendix of recolloo tions of tho author, of "Adam Bede." She says that discrepancies between religious professions and practical conduct wore ono of the chiof causes of this famous author's " expulsion, from Christianity." If you do liot wish Europe to rob Australia of all her lovely hirds > of radiant plumago, - you will havo eomo chock exercised in defence of their exportation. Eashiou has ordained that women shall fill their hats with stuffed hirds, and it is a sad -sight to seo how ardently they aro fulfilling tho order. Tho parakoot, tho piun-ot, tho cockatoo, tho Javu sparrow, and indeed every variety of bird appears on the modern hat, and bundies of ostrich feathors, it seems, can bo worn any- where. The hats oro mostly of felt or velvet, with short turned-up brims. Tiley aro full, with square crowns, tho most fashionablo shupèa boiug tho ugliest I noticed a groy fell hat in Begent- strcot yostarday that had four Java sparrows on tho front, and several that wero trimmed with ono or two ontiro parakeet». In England tho gayost bird of pltunngo wo havo left is the kingfisher, which is now being slaughtered right and left to deck tho modern chapeau. If colour wero tho real excuso for Ü1Í6 plunder of nature, ribbons and other fabiics would answer tho purpose of tho millinor, for thoro nover was a timo when ribbons wero manufac- tured of so many hues and of such perfect and har- monious tints. ? 