Our Caaoe Upon the Darling. (Fbok T. aot- C. Jottbnal.) XI. WSNTWOBTH COHTI1&CED;). Some idea of the the traffic, on this river may be gathered from the . following statistics. In eonse quenceA however, of the 1884 eeason being1 a very dry one the Darling was only open for a very brief period, and the ' imports ' consequently are of less than half the value of the last biz years' average .- — ISSStoMBt. Value of imports from Victoria, aad South Aus tralia (Darling- Eiver only), about ... ... £253,000 Value of exports to Victoria and South Austra traJia (Darling fciver only) ? £1,350,000 Number of bales ot wool consigned to Melbourne 13,478 Number of balee of wool oonsigned to Adelaide 46,297 The following figures may also be interesting -? — Aggregate Tonnage with 1883 to 188*. Baxgea. Arrivals of steamers from South Aostealia 157 ... 17,731 Arrivals of steamers from Victoria ... 26 ... 8,389 Arrivals of steamers boasting (that is, from ports on Murrumhiiigee and JSevr South Wales side of Murray) ? 27... 4,096 Number of steamers entered outwards for South Australia ? 167... 21,665 Number of steamers entered outwards for Victoria ? £6 ... 32,669 Number of steameia entered outwards ' coasting ? 15 ... 1,455 Totals ? ... 448 ... 68,655 Onr first daty was to selaunch the Bnnyip and take her round to a builders' yard to be renovated and refitted for her long1 voyage tender canvas, it being notv necessary to fit her heavy iron fin, draught of water being no longer an objection, and new steer ing gear -was necessary before she would be handy and safe under saiL After assisting to get her housed and dismantled for a complete overhaul, we proceed to inspect the city and secure quarters. The fire years that have elapsed since Bunyip Ho. 1 first bore us to this hospitable shore, have certainly witnessed substan tial improvements both in and about Wentwortb. ; but still as fax aa outward evidences conduce to show, her progress has been by no means as rapid as that o oilier towns in the colony less favorably situated. This depression is principally due to the dryness of the back country; but perhaps she may yet come with a rush and win the Federal Gup hands down. As but a short period has elapsed since Wentworth was fully illustrated and described in the columns of the JoTTENAi, a detailed description would be superfluous, suffice it therefore to remark that as a business town it rants only second to Hay, among' those called at by the Bunyip. Like that city, ft also boasts a commodious gaol, ? whioh we were contented to inspect from the outside only. The court-house and public shool are suitable bmldinga, but with the exception of what promises to be when completed a centrally situated and elegant little post and telegraph office, these institutions being at pre sent divorosd to op^oeitelextremitjes of the town, to the great inconvenience of the public ; the (oihcT Goyernment^mildings are not imposing. Prominent from its isolated site is a very creditable Me chanics' Institute, but perhaps, from an architectural standpoint, the Church of England, which, with a fine large parsonage attached, occupies^ oonnnaad ing position, takes the palm for strength, and beauty. Few, if any, Australian, towns of the importance of Wentworth contain such a small number of hotels. However, the ' triumviate ' of bonifaces maintain well-conducted and commodious houses, one being an establishment not often surpassed, for quantity and quality of accommodation, out of Sydney. Throe or four large stores, wholesale and retail, beside* » draper's, two eaddlsra', and several minor businesses do a fair trade, and two bank branches of the Joint Stock and Commercial supply financial requirements. During- the nejt two or three days we were actively employed in assisting and directing the overhaul of of our little Aigos. However, on onr second evening of our sojourn we found time to row down the river with Mr. James, a gentleman whose acquaintance we had made on board the Ruby, on which he was tem porarily a passenger. Passing the junction we ar rive a little below at Mr. Garner's gardens,, situated picturesquely on the crest of the steep bank,. Al though the .season was too far advanced for many varieties, Mr. Gnrnsy exhibited, with justifi able pride, samples of what Bait-bush country fairly 'cultivated and ^ irrig&ted; could produce iii/xho form of fruit, ~ equal, if not «nr pasanjr, any that we have seen in the metropolitan markets of Australia.* Colossal pumpkins. Brbb dignegian marrows, and ponderous Twalrm« we pass unheeded— have not their praises already been sung ad nauseam? — but the magnificent ehow of grapes that still cluster thickly among the leafy branches of' the wonderfully vigorous and healthy vines command attention aifd challepge comparison. One huge bunch of muscatels m-ast have weighed 91b, while others that would hayo' turafed the scale at two-thirdo of that weis'Ht seemed qoite numerous. On one vine, the precise variety of wMoh fcaseSfcaped our memory, the indmdoai gre&os; MempdTitHwpjferior in ause to ordinary flttmspnSj anfl would oertainly if exhibited have lasfcon a ptaise op t&* Jaefcoonfcilone. Figs, as at Taadaa, also Sbrmshed 'in profusion, one variety tast^d'SeinB of exquistts Sjwor. - BOWK TB3J BiVKB JASAHST, - At last the Bnnyip, resplendent in a coat at emerald green, her fieoks hiring of an rway Mat and streak, and bright work vondahed, is again ready far sea ; and after breakfast on ^fl»* morning of the 25th of J?ebro^ry we make ail plain sail to » gentta bmete, and bidding farewell fc the few friends Trbo wHnecs. our' departure cross tie lowered pnntcn^n, and wiflj a fair but rapidly darkening etjrrent drift slowly down stream.' Once oa the broad bosom of the river, W hope to1 make better nead- iray, Tjoi the gentle air drawing newly nfcwl pmvnaita «?&«&* obtaining much benttftt from. *mr- white wings. All day long we «xa passing aocmaaiud.. ausMadoiC of wooding -oampa, «n, ^ojds stock of neatly pflad stacks, cut on-.apoc. yi vjwaous lengths to suit the requirements o^^ lurna^,* being' evMently pro vided for the busy time ahead, Aoout mid-day tiw Euby passes us on her way down to HorgsEn, and shortly after we, in our mm, overhaul h«r white engaged in taking in wood; bat she speedily again shows as' bar stem, and we sso tot so mow anMl arriving at that port. Onr progress as yet having been of the slow and sure order, we d*fatmiu& to keep going until a Batasfaotopy. distanpe wi« povsst&i; Jusl'hefors sundownvre pass the Anav- branoh station, and pressing on in the clear moonKght srnva ckwe to Wnm, BtatidB _b4 about Id p.m., where, -aying ' hold, enough,' w^e 'tie xqp for thB night. . ' . ' A vwywtowig Iwaul triai neack motping eonntdwwlb^ retards progfeBB, and in HB&BKVariag; to baat,«r«n -under ©los» reefed oanvafi, m have sevenl nsmnr escapee from cspsiiing, sad ship * lot o£ vatet, m aeemreod to stow the sails until the weather moo«- *tea. * J?Ar & woods*, op io the present, we hAdenppiui tereaiwlgttalFee; oat we W hardly got to wo* wtth titep«ddlei)i eatosettbis mommg- -whenwemiiood ^B'paaako^tT Having ^eondsaiftU mf^ tb« aanae, Out «hot part w^dly ; but 'gettfeffefent* pipmptljriregoioprwnaMteMtjte best run qoiddf, too. » good panperfBs of No. 6 at very short range, cpajplstehr pi*c6& his ^?^wT'ni' *w» de eo**fli. -S)£mBiaf owt tdiftpery ?n&soioist; ae * tcoptor wefeun4tt *n 1» * twown bended ojrtignr make {^fox^tafair rngfoa), » TOtyTWK*»fts«jd bdUronal Watify. B fnnxniwuJwaHik -wMaM* gh» Vfito'woflwmiB» afaaat noon, vSnrii able,,^-uad bm»v« f»tt«f iv&t; dwk*u»*t««4i4 assistanoe. ^Amvinff f& STed'a^Qoniac, tb» mthw paenlitir 4e«to^^of|tvtoTtt^FepMtorrip^p«rJ7oo «t1u-Sl w» Itoa omltVijTia ^ -«*6*6 3e»mr hrmu xbrt *?? IimI siA {Mm wb a vwy wiMHAv cinstor -rf oc*£Mr«« «tt««*-a «A»ta&rriKw35; «9« tf th. .bja, -*B«h jtyw ityw)se*m3aSA» The weather havioj* very thjeateningappeaiaaoe*, we did not go much farther, camping early in the evening in company with two hana-paddle craft, in which were two tabbitera with their dogs tad gaps, were najjase *W* ^T -tow» «fa» rfvw faito South Taking tims by the lowlookwetmiDefer theWuUc of our o&tgo; into one of the oovered-in paddle boats, and arrange -the canoe for sleeping in, epreadingr an awning over the well ; it was weS we old so, as with out any wanting- it commenced to wi heavily, and knookmg off only lor brief intervals, oontmued throughout the whole sijlit i JsowevBr, considaring tin T«ry ozameed poaJdon,aa-Hio utter impoBsibilMy of turning ont vithout siting' up, tre were pretty fairly off, and swinging the little barrioanewmp, read natal suifioianlly sleep_y to ensure repose. It was late next morning before we got under weigh, bat & good stiff fair wind promised to fully make amends for loss of time, bat ott prepariBjr to start we found that the shrinking of the jokelineahad hopelessly earned' away the foot-steering gear, thus rendering it- impossible to cany the large mainsail Maintw,ining a good speed Cor sores «r eight hours VMtrive at the weolsbsos balonging to Ned s Corner, bat after & brief epeU to stretch oar legs, we resume the willow, and. about eight o'clock pass the mouth of the Eufus Creek, a wide channel connecting Lake Victoria, one of the 'largest sheets of fresh water in the colony, with the river. A little below, being tired out, we run the canoe ashore on » sandspit and tie up for the night. At dawn of day, the Gem, the largest and fastest passenger boat on the rivers (till lately employed in the mall service between Morgan ana Wentworth) arouses us from our 8ltunl-er£ by the rapid beat of her powerful paddle floats, and after disposing of a hasty or rather scanty breakfast, we re-slip our impedi menta and make fresh tracks down stream, arriving as noon at Yamborongh, the head station of Lake Victoria ran, a nice- lcoking, comfortable home* stead. Renewing onr supplies at the store, and resistiag a pressing requisition to dispose of onr travelling companion Lassie for 'filthy lucre'- we again bit out, and about an hour's paddling brought us to the Devil's Elbow, a Eharp and verypicturesque angle fif the river ; s- high red cliff streaked with veins of light ' altered slats,' and mottled with tawny yellow, lightly fringed on its summit, about 99ft above the level of the water, with sstine scrub and herbs, formed the background of the view, the base of this steep wall being girt with a dense belt of cane frrass, which also surroondeQ & verdant little island, which evidently at no distant period had ~beeh 'cat off ' by a, newly formed cliaraiel, considerably improving the naviga tion. Landing to obtain a sketch, w& had hardly got through with the preliminary pensil-^harpeBing wfieu. the steamer Tyro, a craft «atwardly more resembling m, harbor tog than the class of boats generally in use on the river, makes her appearance round the ooraer . of the elbow. And gives life to the scene, as she glides past on ber way up stream. THE ATT6TBMiIMt SEINE. Our sketch being completed, ve paddle round the elbow, selecting the old and rapidly silting-up channoj round the reedy, thickly- wooded islet, possibly the . one followed, by the earHest navigators of the ''Aus- tralian Shine,' Captains Start and OadelL Behind the island is a large partially submerged swamp, on which several spurwing plover and a few white spoonbills are scattered; however, larger game attracts our attention, as, observing a large pelican sailing about in single ' oussedness,' we arm our ourselves, havisg loaded the 20-bore with a charge of No. 4, our heaviest shot, and. sneeeed, after muck patient stalking and msMng a wid» detour, in getting within range ; from behind a tree trunk we can see him pliding: slowly along the margin of a shallow pool not more than fifty paces distant^ aiming1 for the head and neok the trigger is touched, and after an awkward and ineffectual attempt to get on tha wing, poor ' pelicanns conspioiliatus ' waddles staggering ashore, and. drooping his oltrmsy headpiece with its curiously expansive end capacious bill on the muddy bank, gives op the ghost without -further protest. On securing' onr prize we found him to be a regular old warrior, as besides several shot holes long healed up, there was & hole evidently made by a rifle bullet in his poach. After ascending the cliff and having a good view of the tope of the gam trees, we were preparing to em baj-k when another steamer bound down stream aa« having two barges in tow heaves in sight. On draw ing alongside she prove? to be the Moiza, and as «h* is rather a elow boat, wa keep alongside oi her with out difficulty f or some distance, one of the hands oo the Goleonda, the largest of the inro barges.jsnggest* ing that we should make fast and tow behind. We ran ashore to pick up the dog which bad been follow ing us along the bank since leaving the 'elbow** and bend ear tow line. MsnswhOe, however, the steamer had obtained along start, and it waamuj by most strenuous efforts that we succeeded in orer« hauling her. Just as saooeas seeswB certaiu- emreue rithr— we ran on a sand spit, aad no sooner ctoar.of' this &an; hugging the chore too dosahr, we are: 'hard and fast' again. By tite Sine thafri we get clear of it, the. steamer bae soaslvi half a mils start of as again, and aUhongo : we strain every nerve for another three mQes,i steam asserts its superior staying power erer^ mnsole, and finding that we ean only hold oar' own, are relnctantiy eompelleei to relinquish that-' pursuit. A fat,- antes beyond, the son having long : dipped, we tooojr at the «amp of same hoapitable rabbiters. Making an earlier start than usual, we keep the paddle going pretty bngkly until arriving at Lindsay's cliffs, where a couple of fine wheat ricks ' garnered from a large paddock rasningbaek from fee ; crest of the cliffs attract* notice. Mr. Wilkinson, the proprietor, stated that he had threshed oa the average thirteen boshels of grain to the awe, aad that be was the only wheatigrower in the dijrtriafc having two hundred acres und*r that cersal thiv season. - Towards evening we pass the imaginary line run ning due north and south that divides Victoria $«I Kew South. Wales from Sooth Australia, and arrhing at the ' receipt of Customs' for. that colony, are politely requested to haul atowgwjfl* fo»4aspe«Ua8, the Bunyip being covered in fore and aft a» a mogf sospuaoos manner. Onasoertabaingweijatar* of her oocipaiSon, Mr. Baker, the officer ia charge of the states, passes ttte Bunyip after a mssory eiamins, iion.,und invitee the drew to accept Ida hospitality, a pleasant «veniDg,*nhanoed by Ma. Bafctr'e wanes} contributionB, bemg passed. 