TUESDAY, JUNE 23. 1885. Attached to the report of the Minister of Education, which was presented to Parliament at its opening, are reports of school inspectors, boards of advice, and the superintendent of school visitors. These contain a large amount of informa tion and some valuable suggestions, to which we had not space to refer in a former article. One important fact dis closed is that the average results of teach ing in the schools do not show the advance which has been so marked a feature of most of the reports of recent years; indeed, on the whole there is a alight falling off rather than im provement. It is important, how ever, that no misleading conclusions should be drawn from the circumstance. It would be unfair both to the teachers and to the dejartuient generally to infer that there has been an}' real falling off iv the earnestness and devotioa to the work of education by those in whose hands it is placed. Ever since the present Act came into force ten years ago the character and results of the teaching have been steadily improving, and great pains have been taken to bring the pupils to as high a state of efficiency in the prescribed work as possible. He would certainly be a very prejudiced and unfair critic who would deny that success has been attained, ft is clear, however, that the increase in the average marks obtained by pupils cannot go on indefinitely. The time must come when the maximum of average attainment will be reached; and then it may be expected that tlie balance will vary a little year by year up or down as circum stances may determine. We would not go so far as to say that the utmost that is possible under the present system lias been achieved ; but it seems probable that the average results of the last year or two will not be much exceeded. So far, how ever, from tliifi being a reason for finding fault with the Inspector-General and his staff, and with the teachers, it is in truth a very good ground of congratulation. Some modifications of the system may effect still further improvement, and this was doubtless die consideration which led to the adoption of some of the most important provisions of the new regu lations. If Hie machinery as it was itaA been worked op to about its capa bility, it was wise to attempt some im provement in the ra&ohiixsrF; itssSf by which a still better result might be secured. This is the conunon-seiue plan adopted by the Inspector-General. It is not surprising that a difference of opinion should exist as to the merits of the course of instruction laid down in the new regulations. But the outcry made against it in certaiu quarters is more than, alarming- The public have not forgotten the virulence with which the present system as a whole was itself swmjTf^ when it was first introduced. All sort? of hard things were said and disasters predicted. Yet if the colony were polled to-morrow the verdict in favor of the changes that have been brought about by the Inspector-General would be practi cally unanimous. The disasters have not occurred, except to a few of the incom petent teachers under the old system, and the improvements have been tw marked to escape the notice of even tlie most casual observer. It Is as well there fore that there appears U* be ao general disposition to give much heed to tlie adverse criticism passed upon the new course of instruction, much less to cham pion the cause of those who imagine they have a grievance in it. The executive tliat has rendered such manifest service to the cause of public education in the colony deserves that its arrangements should be treated with respect and even confidence until the test of experience proves them to be inefficient or unsuitable, in saying this, however, we do not wish to under value the intelligent criticism of impartial observers who have no personal end to sain by their strictures. Mr. Dewliirst. Senior Inspector of Schools, speaks with a good deal of apprehension of failure of t c new regulations. "My first impres sion of them," he says, " was that they would prove harder for the scholars, still harder for tlie teachers, and hardest of all for the inspectors ; and that impression is unchanged." The argument which he adduces against them, tliat they are un tried, and that the old regulations being familiar were more easily worked than these could be at first, would of course apply to any departures, however desir able, from what liad prevailed in tlie past, and would if regarded as conclusive effectually bar the way of alt progress. But Mr. Dewliirst also states that he had '" witnessed very loyul and laudable efforts made to adapt the teaching to the require ments of the new code,1" and that he had bct.n greatly surprised at the success which had been achieved. The other inspectors who refer to the subject speak with approval of the change. And altogether the coiulusion to which the remarks made in the report as a whole would lead is thnt tlie new departure may bo regarded with equanimity at least, and probably with sumetliiug more. Of one thing tlie present and past re ports must convince every one who has read them, vi/... that in some subjects tbe course of insti-uction that has hitherto obtained lias required too high a standard, or else that greater intelligence and care are necessary in the teaching of them. Arithmetic is the most conspicuous ex ample, mid grammar, geography, and history are others. Now on the whole we arc disposed to think tliat the standards in these subjects are not unreasonably high, and that the fault is rather to be attributed to the teacliing. In this opinion we aro amply borne ??ut by the inspectors' reports both of this year ard former years. No one wh" has given attention to the question of education cau phut his eyes to the danger of requiring too much from children, or to tlie fact that the U-ndency at present is in the direction of that danger. It would cer tainly \k an error, then, to adopt any course of instruction that would increase tlie difficulty of the work for the chil dren. But the case or difficulty of mastering ? subject commonly depends its much on tlie skill of the teacher as upon the capacity of the child. The above named subjects are precisely those in the teaching of which there is room for the display of the most intelligence and aptness. There is no sufficient reason why arithmetic or grammar should be the dreary irksome task that most children find it to be. Much more than v generally supposed depends on the teaching. The main characteristic of the new regulations, as they affect die course of study, is that they seek to encourage and even necessitate greater intelligence in the methods of teaching. Tlie report brings to light a fact having a vital bear ing upon this feature of tlie subject, and one that demands careful consideration. We refer to the statement that the supply of male pupil teachers passing through the Training College is wholly inadequate to the demands of the service The im portance of securing competent and well trained teachers is so obvious that it can scarcely be doubted tliat the remedy of this state of tilings is one of die subjects that demands the immediate and most careful consideration of the executive of the education department. Is Uiu yesir 1884 tin- I'niU'd State*, with a {topubitioii of tifty millions, took Uritish goodtt to the value of £24,300,000. while Australia, with licr three million soul*, impoi-tt-il British manufactures t.> the extent of £2.",7O0.O00. This was perlinpti the most foiling fttatemeirt of Sir William McAlthur, M.l*., at die meeting recently held in London to form an Aus tiahuu&n; section <>f the London CJiamberof Commerce, and die fact a.l<>ne is sufficient ?jirruut for rlie fulfilment of the object <<f tile meeting. 1> is ?|ijKtreiitlv only lately diat the great extent of the Austr.i lin.ii tnttle with Givat IliiUiiu him )>i-eli fully Iv.lliM.ft. A very few yea?-s Si-;o diese colonies Hceuied to lil l<<?kt<l UJmili in l.oiiiloli as 00111 -[:aiiatively uuiiujxiiutnt fr.-in a com mercial {Kiint of view. I Jut times have clianged. With the activity of Australia in discussing Imperial questions in wliich she is concerned has come the recognition of her commercial status. England has been enlightened as to the importance of Australian trade through enquiry into die political claims of these colonies, and there is now little cause for regret at die apathy of die British press and public in regard to Australian commerce. Scarcely a month goes by in wliich we do not hear of some movement in die great metropolis having reference to the colonies, and whether or not the movement is immediately beneficial in its results, it is certain diat advantage to Australia generally must accrue from it in die end. The importance of Aus tralian commerce is becoming more and nr.ore felt, and die need of its protection mote and more fully acknowledged. Some such representation in London as diat which the meeting referred to was intended to secure is a necessary consequence of the im proved relations between Great Britain and die?oloniefi, and die elucidation of die proper position of Australia. London merchants hare die reputation of knowing how "to take care of diemselves," and die Australian section particularly must see how essential to their interests it is to conserve die Australian trade widi Great Britain. Every day we are in creasing our trade with America, while Germany, France, and Italy are striving hard to obtain a large portion of it. Great Britain has many competitors, and no love of country or any odier consideration will induce our merchants to confine dieir operations to die " tight little island" so long as they can derive more advantage by trading widi odier countries. England must undersell her competitor or ofi'ei superior inducements to the colonies to trade with her as an equivalent, otherwise she will infallibly lose her present pres tige in reference to Australian commerce. It will hare been seen from our full report of the meeting in London that the gathering passed off most successfully. Established as a section of the London Chamber of Commerce, and including in its committee representatives of business houses in every colony, the new society— if it may be so called- -starts under most favorable auspices. It has the ad vantage of experience in every branch of bade; it can look forward to almost certain unanimity in regard to the reforms it undertakes ; and it has the strong influence of the London Chamber of Com merce to support it. No more powerful method of watching the interests of Australian trade could have been sug gested than the formation of the section, and no one will begrudge to Sir Win. McArthur the meed of praise accorded to liim for his energy in inaugurating the movement. It. need hardly be said that the objects of the society are purely commercial. As pointed out at the meeting, politics may sometimes have to be discussed, but only in relation to their bearing upon Australian trade. This is important, for while it will keep the section free from faction, it will conduce to the supply of information immensely valuable in the settlement of great Imperial questions. But outside these matters altogether there is plenty of work for the section to do at present. The wine difficulty, for instance, is not by any means settled. After strenuous agitation the late British Government consented to absolve wines from the proposed increase of duty in order to benefit colonial wine-growers. They did not succeed in their endeavors to do so, and the next measure that is brought before the British Parliament to raise the duty on alcoholic liquors will probably by including wines still further retard the development of our wine industry. If the new section is able to prevent this it will have done a good year's work. Even the present wine duties are unfair to Australian producers, who?houldbedirectly protected. Another important subject which will pro bably soon come before the section for dis cussion is the arbitrary nature of the bilb of lading now in use among the steamship companies trading to Australia. Ft is ninmtrotis that a shipowner should be able to virtually free himself from all liability for damage to cargo by the inser tion <>f a clause in a bill of lading render ing him irresponsible for the neglect or default of his servants. It used to be a recognised priucii'le in British law that a shipowner is in nearly all respects a common earner, and this was particularly held to be the case in respect to the neglect of a ships servants. Why it is that the old state of tilings should be so completely altered at the caprice of a combination of shipowners without the agreement of or even consultation with the other parties concerned is one of those mysteries which almost defy a reasonable explanation. Sir Win. McArthur suggested aid to emigration from Great Britain to Aus tralia by the Home Government as a fit subject to be dealt with by the new section, and he pointed out that although last year 77,000 emigrants left for Aus tralia there was still a much greater exodus to the United States, lv view of the immense trade between Great Britain and Australia, and the fact tbat America is a foreign country, it does seem strange that these colonies should be compara tively neglected by the thrifty class of emigrants who are able to pay their own passages, and who might be expected to make good colonists. Perhaps later on, as the work of the section becomes to be felt, we shall not be left so much in the cold, and in the meantime anything that can be done to induce persons with a little capital to emigrate should i>e attempted l?y the section. But the question of State aid to emigration opens up a number of considerations which wiU require to be very carefully looked into. The vexed question of the brokers' freight ring in London cropped up incidentally at the meeting, on an amendment being brought forward with the view of ex punging the names of shipping brokers from the committee list. The amend ment was lost on the ground that the brokers referred to would be of service iv discussing various commercial matters, but it is none the less true that the Aus tralian merchants still suffer severely fri'iu the operations of the ring. It is estimated tliat by the combination freights are raiwfd fully 30 per cent, nearly all of which finds its way into the packets of the brokers. One of the most incomprehen sible movements in cuinmercial circlesof late was the refusal of a number of Australian and other merchants iv London to join in a combination to resist the freight ring. Nearly all of them condemn it, but when an opportunity offered to enter an active protest against it they neglected to take advantage of it, though not the slightest reason was forthcoming why they should not. Of course, the freight ring will have to be dealt with by the Australasian sec tion of the Chamber of Commerce, but it remains to be seen whether the commit tee will be more bold than an indiscrimi nate gathering of merchants. Many other subjects of minor importance can be. profitably considered by the section, every action of wliich should result in decided advantage to the colonies. It must be remembered that the con sent of the general committee of tlie Chamber of Commerce to the reso lutions of the section will be acces sary before they are enforced. It is not likely, however, that the progress of the section will be in any way impeded on this account, but on the contrary the chamber will materially assist the section, as the influence of the latter will cer tainly strengthen the parent institution. The turn-out of the military forces of the colony yesterday was of a most creditable character. The proceedings took the form of a review and a sham fight, and were in nearly all respects successful. The largeness of the muster was particularly gratifying. No less than 1,737 men re presenting all branches of tie local mili tary service were on the ground, and the ?how which was made was consequently of an imposing character. Our local forces have never been seen previously in such numbers on the field of review, and the spectacle they presented was quite sufficient to prove that so far as men are concerned the colony is well defended. The review was confined to the movement of marching past. The usefulness of this is now very generally questioned by authorities on the subject, but it affords an opportunity of display which cannot be altogether disregarded on die occasion of a military pageant. Certainly it enabled the immense concourse of people present at the scene of the review yesterday to form an excellent idea of the strength of our defensive force. That strength—thanks to the recent increase of iuteicet in military mattera—is con siderable, and the colony may congratu late itself on the possession of a force quite capable of coping successfully' with any enemy likely to visit our shares. The movement of marching past was well executed, especially when it is re membered tliat a large number of tbe men engaged in it are recruits who have had but little training. A feature of the occasion was the splendid representation of the members of the Rifle Volunteer Force. This branch of our defence organisation lias been at various times subjected to severe cri ticism, but the men belonging to it who were on parade yesterday have no reason to be asliamed either of the appearance they presented or the knowledge they exhibited of mili tary tactics. The Naval Brigade was present for the first time at any rerieiv on the park hinds. They took, of course, no active part in the proceedings of the day, but they appear to be a compact handy little force, and succeeded in making a thoroughly good impression. The sham fight, which followed the review, could hardly be regarded as illus trative of what a real engagement under the circumstances would l>e like. It gave the volunteers some capital exercise in field work, and it also furnished the spectators with an interesting display of military operations, but pro bably beyond this it served no specially valuable purpose. A real attack upon the city would not be made in the way it was represented yesterday, nor would the defenders adopt the line of defence they did. However, bearing in mind the con ditions under which the mock battle had to be arranged, and the scene chosen for the engagement it was as successful as could have been expected. Certainly there were some mistakes, among the chief of which was the extraordinary manner in which the cavalry exposed themselves to two fires. In an actual battle such an error would have meant their almost certain annihilation. On the whole, however, the men on both sides acquitted them selves with credit. The force was ably handled by the officers, and the sham fight was really an exciting affair.' In address ing tbe volunteers at the close of die en gagement His Excellency the Governor gracefully expressed his appreciation of the skill with which the various manoeuvres had been carried out. His Excellency"s remarks were quite justified, and should have an encouraging effect upon the whole force. It ought never to be forgotten that to our citizen-soldiery the colony is under a great debt of gratitude. The men give up a. large amount of their time for but little pay, and they constitute an exceed ingly serviceable force, which we can rely upon to do its duly should an enemy attack us. The sneers which are some times levelled against the volunteers are in thoroughly bad taste. It is absurd to expect them to exhibit the same perfect discipline as au army of regular Eoldiera, but considering their oppor tunities their efficiency in all departments of their work cannot be too highly com- U'.endcd. Ail the various holiday engagements on Monday passed off witb a fair amount of success, lite weather was fine though cold, ai:d this fact induced a large number of per sons to take advantage of the railways and tramways for reaching the hill*, seaside, and other puce* around toe city. The review and ebam fight below Montefiore Hill constituted t*e chief attraction, and it is estimated that thty were witnessed by no leas than 20,000 prisons. The intercolonial fastball match played on the City Oval m the moraine secured a iarfffi amount 01 patnwiM'T* in Lt?* after* neon the oval was thronged by those who were anxious to see the Rame played between the Port Adelaide and Norwood dabs. Races were held on the Old Racecourse, which proved a source of pleasure to those of a snorting bent ot mind, and the numerous other gatherings all had their votaries. The the SobthAustra&a; Society ?f Arts was fairly wrD patronised, and the paintings by oar loctl attists were critically ??niinMl by the visitor*, the majority of whom seemed highly pleased with the numerous productions. The Art Gallery on Korth-terracewasalso well attended by lovers of art, who wbfledavaya pleasant hour in gazing at the manyjeems of which oar gslleiy can bua&t.; The Botanic Gardens as os-ual attracted a great many idsasnre-seeksrs, acd the good order in which the flower beds are fa-pt was a source of general remark. The day proved very agitable for spending an out door holiday, and as,this beautiful reserve is within scch easy distance of Che city and the abburbftiiisaottobe wondered at chat it is tech afavorite public resort. The Zoological Gardens was also well patronised, especially during; the afternoon, and the various animals and birds came in for a large share of attention. Lady Robinson's receptions will be recoml menced on Tuesday, June SO, and will be from 4 to 6, instead of from 3to 5 as heretofore. It is reported that the Rev. H. Howitt is to succeed the late Rev. F. R. Coghlan in the in- cumbency of St. Bede's Church at the Sema- phore. We understand that Major Jervois is likely to re-Uaqmsh his post in the local military fences towards the close of the present year, it bting his intention, it is said, to leave the colosy. The S.A. Trotting Club's second mixed meeting- was u-ell attended on the Adelaide Old Course on Monday, when the various events passed off satisfactorily. The Maiden Tix t was won by Phillia, the June Handicap by Isooomy, the Distance Trot by Red Lancer, the Steeplechase by Chrysalis, the Accession Handicap by Isonomy, and the Pony Trot by Robin Hood. On Monday evening a successful meeting to inaugurate the raising of subscriptions in South Australia towards the A. M. Sullivan tribute fund was held at St. Francis X&vier;'s HalL Mi. A. A. Fox, M.P., presided, and the patri otic virtues of the late editor of the Nation and bis steadfast advocacy of the Irish Nationalist cau^e in the Vritit-h Parliament and elsewhere wti c eloquently described by Mr. P. M. Glynn. A committee was appointed and a subscription list opened, with the immediate result that marly £30 was placed in the hands of the treasurer. A man, name unknown, met with a rather serious accident at the Adelaide railway ststion on Monday evening. He was very dmuk, and while a train was coming in walked tow aids it and fell between the edge of the plat form and footboaid of a carriage, and was rolVd along till the sjiace between the carriage and the next one was reached, when, as he was about to fall un tlie rails, platform-foreman Davey with commendable promptitude seized him by the clothes aud drew him out of further danger. The nian was taken to the hospital suffering front severe braises on the body aud wounds ou the face. ? Discoveries are occasionally made in various paite of the colony of remains of aboriginals ntar the situations of some of their bnrying grounds. One of these burial-places is kcown to exist near a large sandhill in a north easterly direction from Glenelg, where a num ber of pines have been planted. Relics of aboriginal humanity have occasionally been j found there, and towards the end of last week a skeleton was observed to be uncovered, the sand having gradually drifted away and left the bones bare. Examination proved that they were the remains, of a native, which had apparently been under ground fora number of years. Mr. B. A. Mould en desires us to correct an ?n>r in the j*}>urt of his meeting at Willunga, in which it wu> stated that he was opposed to the Taxation Act. He says he expressly stated that l.c was not opposed to the Act itself, but ti> the regulations and mode of assessment, tie adds that in a. report of one of his previous. u.ettiti£s it was stated that he was opposed t<i tie Hun. G. W. Cotton's Homestead Bill, aud amraisthat he has always replied to qui*tious on this point by stating that altbougL Le doubted if the scheme would confer tt>< bt-i elit* it was said it would, yet he felt sure it cm Id do no harm, and that there foic he voild suppoit it. A tenupeiauce crusade was begun on Monday tveninjr. 22ud inst., at the Christian Crusaders' Hall, King William street. The meeting was preceded by an open-air service, held at the junction of King William-street andNorth tenaee. After some addresses had been de livered *fee people gathered there ware inrit?l to the hall. A considerable number joined tiie procession, which was headed by a band. The speakers who addressed the large audience assembled in the ball were the Rev. J. Bick f ord, Rev. JT. G. Wright, Rev. A. TornbuU, and Mr. Fowler. At the conclusion of the addresses twenty-two persons came forward and signed the pledge. Mr. Tumbull an nounced that the next meeting would be held on the following night, and would be preceded by a procession of Templars and others in terested in the temperance cause. Afc & langeb/ attended ny>ftt'wg of Ip^i^ft* and gentlemen's committees, held on Saturday night in connection with the North Adelaide Institute, final arrangemente were made for the grand bazaar and Japanese fair to bs hdi ' Ibis week in the institute on behalf of the I building fond. Mr. G. H. Goode presided. It was reported that His Excellency had kindly I undertaken to ask liady Robinson to open the ; bazaar on Wednesday afternoon. A stall U ; also to be appropriated to the display and sate of brushes and mats made at the Industrial School for the Blind. Mr. G. F. Hussey re ported that the amusement committee had arranged for anentertainmentsby the Adelaide Orchestra (under Mr." Gawthorne), the Yorick Club (under the direction of Mr. J. H. Lyons), the North Adelaide Young Men's Society, and the Archer-street Literary Association. A festival in connection frith St. George's Chinch, Goodwood, was held at the school room on Monday afternoon. A large number of the congregation and scholars attended, I various sports being provided for tbe after , noon. A bazaar was also held in the church, and was presided over by Mrs. and Miss Sheppard, assisted by several other ladies. Dinner and tea were prepared, the arrange ments being under the supervision of the Rev. Mr. Moore, Messrs. Stephens and Vine, Mea dames Farndell, Bennett, Sheppard, Hender, ' and Shaiiand, and Miss Stephens. In the evening an entertainment was held, in which Messrs. Cairns, Galbraith, bharland, and Vine, Mrs. Hender, and others took part. Tbe festival, which was instituted with a view of providing funds towards ceiling and plastering the church, was very successful. On Monday morning a few persons in dis tressed circumstances and requiring relief, waited upontheHev. W. it. Hiddleston (secre tary of the committee of the Hindrcarsb soup kitchen), at the Baptist lecture-hall, Carroo down. Two of the cases were distressing, and the rehearsal of goffering- experienced was harrowing. Arrangements are being made for soup and bread to be given ont on Wednesdays and Fridays, the first dis tribution to take place on Friday nest. ' Prior to this, however, each case will be investigated. The committee win also give tbe cajt-off clothing at their disposal to the poor who need it. A number of ladies have notified their intention of doing the practical part of the work gratuitously in order that no expense may be incurred. Mr. EGddlestone will be 10 and 12 o'clock to receive applications for relief. The Glenelg Kailway Company carried 8,009 persons during Monday, 6,000 of whom were registered on the Victoria-square line. The figures for tbe Government railways ace—Poet line, 15,000; Southern line, 1,000; and North line, 3.0C0. The accommodation tat the Port traffic was ample, excepting for about an boor in the morning when a rush of persons aeneous to witness tbe review ensued. The faains be tween 8.30 a.m. and noon stopped at the Torreos bridge platform to ensUe the review mrat was largely availed of. Extra provision fora heavy day* traffic on the Southern line was made, but was not needed, and tbe ordi nary trains were ample to cany tbe trills travellers to and fro. A rumor was circulated in the city during the daytbatatwo-mmnd packet of dynamise had bean found lying on the rails near tbe Adelaide Gaol, but 3iera>l way authorities knew nothing of the matter, and tbe report was discredited. To commemorate the entrance of lbs Good wood Presbyterian Sunday-school -upon the fifth year of its existence special services were held on Sunday, Jane 21, when the Bev.J. A, yvyiyHP, 4TT ptTPJMaiPII <KB. thft VS9EHXDST ? and evening to large congregations. -Doting the afternoon a flower service for thechudren wsts cooouctcct by JMiipsjfpffrfJffiMtn ?nuiyiv* pf-r?pns ygypn^i]f^i afr tfofr t^ya ?nf pablic meet ings ob BfioodAy emting^ . Mr. Ctanfi? £3tt6r lav presided at the tetter gatfwring. The reports for last Tear, entnuttea. by tbe officers, showed tint there vac 180 aAoUrs *nd 17 teacbexs on the coll, m Isxge and wmtinfartorr increase. The ?^enee attendance had teen folly sustained ik Aw ith^twrf "*£ the Absence of the pastor (Bev.J. Melntyre) in England j? account of fll- health. Mr. A. Hendry was elected Buuerintendent and Mr. D. X. McKay secretary tor the awning year. The Sevs. IX Paeon, 4. A. Barns, and other gentlemea ad dressed the meeting. . ? The SonSi Melbourne fooi&tll; team played their last .niafr*h 'on 2£bnday lyinrwiig uilmm^ they met the South -AdHwflVs jn.tfip tSty OvaL The "Une-and-whites" drew withtbeni on Saturday,brtowing to the absence of lhar) most reliable back players in the return-match tbe Victorians won easily, tbe scores l>eingTr South Melbourne, 8 soak 16 behind*; SooJb Adelaide, 3 gods 2 bounds. In the afternoon tbeovalwasoccaJiiedbytbePartanlNonnmd teams, who tod for the first time this season. ThegamewaJlnbMsseaby a large crowd ?f people, folly 6.000 being present. In tbe firss bait the Ports hsdttmgs ray much their own way, bat in tbe latter part of tbe contest tin ".btaes-and-reda-poshed tbem hard, and 3aa4: somewhat the best of it The ?7?eas9leri M ' had, however, gamed such a lead J&at; 4he Norwoods were tma%le to place Butber3tmajs" equality. Tbe final result *?s-P?trt,s gaab ?behnMs; Norwood,3goals 7 behind*. The South Melbouraes, who leave for Victoria to day, were entertained at a social in €te ?ye-_ ningat Jarkmap's cafe. Several toasts were bonored, and the proaeediogfr wbkb were <rf an enjoyable nature were brought, to a vl4s? at an early hour. '. ?",--". .?...' The London couespondent of fee .AuaHahM Star states tbat Prinbb of Abates has given lard CmingTbn, Ibe newly-appointed Governor of New South Wales, adefimte pro mise tint if no unforeseen rarenmstanoea in tervene he will pay* abort anoffitial visit to tbe colony dnring his friend's vice- royalty. ? The desirabibty^of tbe visit lias been im pressed on His Royal fljghnww for some, years past. Indeed, ft onetime it was well nigh fixed; but the difficulties, expense, time necessary, and formidable nature of a Royal progress through the Australia* similar to die Prince's Indian tour, were so great that the idea had to be -h??p/?<-?l- Now, how ever, there seems to be no obstacle in the way of the Prince of Wales v&tang; an inti mate friend like Lord Carrington, and seeing the colonies as his guest. The people would of course have ample opportunity of wel coming tbe heir, but there would be ?to neces sity for the display and weaasome formalities of an official joyaL visit. The, primapal donbt seems whether the Queen wOl give her consent to such a programme. Prince Albeit Victor tijfrfl £ CVBSht Q6aU to QO Wlxfa. I?^^ T^rmW^f interest in an Australian tour. He was very much struck with all he saw on his visit to the antipodes, and talks incessantly on tbe sub ! ject." The funeral of tbe late Mr. Jemson, wlw up : to within the hist six months was master of the ! Brighton Government School, took place on Monday, June 22, ibe deceased being^ interred in the Brighton Cemetery. Theco£Bn7bosneby four gentlemen, was followed by a. procession of over sixty of his pupils, some carrying flowers, and a huge number of Ibe residents of Brighton were present to testify their respect. The remains were taken into St. Jude'e Church, and the service was in>pressively read in church and at tbe grave by the Rev. A. Sells M. A. The deceased gentleman was a successful teacher, and for twenty- seven years had charge of tbe Brighton Public School, and many bow grown up and young people will always bear in mind the recollection of having been tutored by a very painstaking teacher; Mrs. Jemson i and one of his daughters assisted him in tbe good work. He took a lively interest in tbe Brighton Institute, for which he acted as secretary and librarian for over twenty yean, and he was an auditor to the Brighton. Cor poration for seventeen years. He held tbe appointment of chapel steward in connection with the Wesleyan church for sixteen yean. 8G SI ywftfi who *fllfl ?ir UQBOSC tO wEBSB. ttflfll ttf creditably fill li?eir different spheres ?if ?bor in the world. As a colonist of thirty^x yean ct ? Tif)ing be was well known to a ormerons circle of friends. His widow and family have the sympathy ef tbe district in their painful bereavement. The following is taken from the Melbourne Age of June 20:—"'To surfer fools gladly'is an Apostolic injunction that every editor of a newspaper who knows his business is cartfril to keep always before him; and therefore we witness unruffled and quite unsurprised Ibe furious contortions of the religions mss over the proposition enunciated in the Jpeof last Saturday, namely, that legialationis an indus try, like shoemaking or imghiriiVii^', wnich. depends for its success i^on special qualities of tbe head rather thin the heart, and that the community '& better served by having good laws, even tbougu they are made by men of w?wiTArr>^ habite, than bad laws which bear the imprimatur of saints. This proposition is denounced whb a wealth of epithets that would do credit to ihe Society of Busters, immortalised in Ibe pages of Mr. Fronde's History; but it would be easy to show that it is perfectly harmless and perfectly sound nevertheless, and that the people who affect to be shocked at it really act upon & every day of their lives. For which of them enquires into the religions 1 rindples or the personal habits of his shoe rraker, so long as he can pursuenisdauy avoca tions with uncramped feet? or who would not rather travel to his destination by a train that is driven by a skilful engi&edrirer;, whohappens to be a bigamist, than py one in tbe charge of sn exemplary husband who does not know his business? It is undoubtedly desirable that our public men should be eood exemplars of conduct, but it is far wore important for the public welfare that they Bhould be possessed of tbe experience, discernment and special poli tical faculty which is indispensable to the proper grasp of public questions and the proper administration of public affairs. - An elector who has to ?koose between a pe? -tectiuun-t and a freetrader uiiy by eetect ing the freebader on account of his private viilues do moi? haxm tbau p?od to the cMise of lnwulity—because the fiyrtKider. wilt, if he is fou?ifcteat and fcas tte iwtvur, hacri< foe "local industries to the shibboleth of his party, and inundate the country with pau perism and its consequent crime. The same reaaming applies with still greater fores to tits candidature of a pious brewer opposed by a profligate or heretical teetotaller. It would certainly conduce more to the public morals to pat the teetotaller at the top of the poll rather than the brewer, assuming of coarse that their natural intelligence was about equal. Bat the argument really requires no support from the concrete, or we might multiply illustrations ad tvfinitum. Statesmanship, like -shoemaking, is the business of specialists:, and the man who makes the best lavs for* the benefit of his epecies win be the statesman the world delights to honor, just as the shoemaker who turns out the best chocs will be the tradesman to com mand the largest patronage." A narrow escape from drowning occurred on the Fort River on Monday afternoon. The torpedo boat Victoria was steaming down the river having two of the Protector's boats in ton. One of them contained two water tanks, and the other two men-of-war's men. From Etme unexplained cause tne boat containing the tanks ran into the other boat, damaging and capsizing it. The two men were precipi tated into the riwr. One of them could swtn and at once managed to get oat, but the other could not, and was iu< prisoned under th<? cap sized boat for some little time. The police steam-launch was ejin.ii.gr up the river, and the occupants tiding the accident at once steamed across to the spot. The man was got out of the water a good deal exhausted after liis ducking, but he was attended to and taken back to the Protector. A very interesting meeting was held on Monday evening at Mount Lofty in celebra tion of the settlement of the Rev. J. £. Harri son as partor of the Congregational Church there, The -church not being huge enough, the meeting was held in the half-finished insti tute. In spite of toe cold there was a huge assemblage, one of Hfll & Co.'c coaches taking op* -contingent of Adelaide friends. The Her. F. W. Cox presided. Mr. Gore made a statement of the eircmustances which had led to the invitation given to the new pastor, and the erection of the church. The Rev. J. E. Harrison gave an interesting account of bid eady career and of hie iiractical and theological views. The Rev. J.C. McMichael offered the prayer of recognition. The Rev. W. XL Sletcher, M. A., on behalf of the Congrega tional Union, in the absence of the chairman, gave the minister a welcome in the name of the sister churches of the colony, and Mr. R. Searle and the Sen. J. W. Platt, W. F. Tar ton, andT. Hpe&ave; appropriate addresses. The meeting dosed stan early hour, in order that Adelaide friends might get home in seasonable time. An all-day conference was held in the Y.M.C-A. Hall on Monday, June 22, under the inuTt*?*"* of the i*tifi?"Ti' Ministerial Association, the epecial object of the meeting teingtb consider the work of the Holy Spirit in the church, with a view to the deepening of tpirituat life. The conference began with a prayer meeting conducted by the liev. John Watson. The first session was jxesided over by the Bey. J. Lyall, secretary of the associa tion, vlm> in R opening remarks explained that the" object the association had in View Was tO rmif-* f-Tw* CHtnul.i?mi of tfafi various denominations together in prayer for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. The .Rev. J.Xx. VTrJght succeeded with an address on the haptiiini of the Holy Spirit as the Hpgamtr of the CwDStian dlS neosstion* and upon toe need for that ** power tram on high ** for the conversion of sinners, far the perfecting of the saints, and the iiiilijnii ?turn of the world to Christ. The Ber.'~T. B. Thomas, M.A^ **-"> fol lowed .with *n address on the means on the necessity of the dedication of life to God and the exercise of faith, with a special re ference to tfaereceptioaaf thefalmessof the 6JAHX* 'J^tft fIsCtjCEDQO&. OQfIEMBX WftS yw^T^w tPSu a pray?r meeting, uundiwted by the Rev. £. Grattan. The Her. J. Abbot presided, and alter sane opening ?—""*? fPT*!*** *" **" occasion, the Rev. W. F. Main gave aaad dress oa the "fssonalit? of the Holy Ghost, and the inuioitaiwu of nalianMr it in our Ghritttanwijn.*' The Key. S. Knight spoke on " Witaesaai to the Baptism of Power," 1 ? iiigiijgfurward Scripture examjdes as seen in the cas? of at Old Testament prophets and the eady Ghnstians, and farther snake of sach witnesses as IXcCheyoe, Charles Tamer, ana others. P^yan and conversation filed op the interralslwtween the addresses. In the even ing a prayer meeting, led by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, p^T^'Hril the jpr^' J"^''Tg", which were presided over by the Re/. C. T/Kewman. Addrases wen* gives by the Rev. John TUfiJEfcyn atx Spiritual f?f *niM*'PF of the CmmcD;" by the?ev.S.Me*don ** Conditions of fiuueffa at Qhrirtian trade;" and ao evange listic a^dcesh by the Key. W, &. Hiddlestone ; and.tbe proenrdiags, which jwee of a deeply in tere&ng; character, liiwiiMli? The Aeadcmy of Moec was crowded on Monday wemog, when a bofiday audience tnjoyed. the entertainment of the Btckards beta Combination, the applause being of a demmtotive character. TtosarnVbill arfll t>e firfrinM^Ml tfiin*w?fi?ffgi - Tbe Theatre Royal m crowded in every part on Monday night, when the Adriplii doma "The Colleen Bawn" was repeated, and Mr. Phil Day and the other members of the company won. tbe plaudits of all who were present. This was their last appearance, as to-night o*?* famous finagaaan Tiolinist f^pt^^A .Scsnenri.will opettlusseasonin the i^fuff \iq* of hw jSjcceOcncy th? Governor and suite and ft **fH"—t 1*1" T?tff i On Monday evening' tte fast of a aeries of winter eoneerte in ?oanectka with the Fsdc side Baptist Church was held in the Young stzeet fectae-balL Then waa a large and appreciative audience. The programme opened with a pianoforte duet, "itasameDo," by the Missw Sexton. A special feature waa a sola on the euphonium by Mr. F. fSalbnanh, with pianoforte accompaniment, which was weQ performed. Soags, duets, raadings, and recita tions wemwdl rendered by Urn Hodgson and Ooodrey, Mrs. Boosto. and Meaao. Cooper, £. & Hughes. W. ATHabUe, J. E. Conlisy, Saint, Faxdon, Hott, and Shanks. The cem of the evening was a rfee, "Tbe Bells* by Messra. Cooper, Saint, Fardon, and Shanks, which was rendered wtth taste aad liredskm. Mies Bums acted at accompanist. An entertainment is to be given in the Nbr woodTown Hall to-morrow evening, which it is hoped will be hugely patronised by the residents of that town, as ft is in aid of a most deserving case. About eighteen months agu James Reed, a laborer, was working in one of the Tbebarton brick kSns when by a fall of a large mass of concrete the whole of the lower portion of bu body was paralysed, and be is unable to move any of his limbs but bis anna. Fortunately he was a member of the Irene Ijodge of the 1.0.0. F., and also of tbe Norwood Lodge of the L0.0.F., M.U. Ag In? if ""?M- ??/? An gnytfrintr fny liimgglf ) and has a wifeand two children, three trustees from the lodges bought him a house at Bnrnside, on which there remains a small debt which they are anskm? should be wiped off, and with this view tbe concert in question is to be given. It is hoped that time may to some extent improve the sufferer's condition, and that as he has the use of bis upper limbs he maybe able to under take some employment in which by the use of a cart and quiet horse or ass be may make a living in awking-. Byron's burlesque "Fra Diavolo," and Conrad Marian's comedietta "The Jealous Husband" were produced at the Fort Adelaide Town Ball on Monday even ing by Ihe Yorick Club, assisted by Mia Bessie Royal and Miss Ada Grantleigb, in aid of the local institute. There was a good house. The performance was in *fl respects a good one. and was well received. "The Jealous Husband" first monopolised tbe boards, and (he characters were creditably sustained by Mrs. J. D. Fudonge and Messrs. J. 2>. Fononge and H. J. Woodhouse. The burlesque was extremely well given, and the localbj&B; took immensely. Some of fr-h???m were very good, and the auditory continually ap plauded the various performers. Nothing could have been better than the fine represen tation of Fra Kavolo, by Miss Bessie BoyaL Her delivery of one or two songs was parti cularly good, and her byplay Was not less to be commended, while her rich powerful -voice was most effective in every number she gave. Mms Ada GranHeigh'a impersonation of Giacomo was creditable, and the piquancy of her ringing and acting is natural and r-hnrmjng in effect. Miss Frendenberg as Zerlina proved herself equal to all demands, and gave the mnsic of her part with admirable effect. Mr. Percy Eaves might improve on his representa tion of IrfKenzo, but Mr. H. J. Woodhouse if not vocally quite aB that could be wished acted wifli considerable spirit and vigor. The other characters were as follows:—lst —Carbineer, Mr. Presgrave; Matteo, Mr. J. D. Forionge; Lord Altcaah, Mr. J. EL Leonarff Lady AUcash, Mrs. J, D. Fm longe ; gipsy, Miss Bancroft. The orchestra, which consisted of a piano, violin, and cornet, was batdly strong enough, but nothing could be said against the three performers. A meeting of the Konrood Working Men's dab vill be hddthto evening. A concert will be given in connection with fit. Lake's Mutual ImpiOTanenl Society this evening. . The annual dinner of the Prince Alfred Old Col legians' Amnriation will be held at tbe College tab evening. The Ber. H. U. PoUitt will deiirar ? lectareon ?' St. Cyprian" to the Lay Headers' Associatioii this evening. Aneototttimnent is to te given at St Andrew's Church lecture-hall by the band of hope connected with Uifi obnroh Uiis evening. Xhe aantul meeting cf the South Australian Bee keepefs Amnewtimi will be iield at the hall of the Chamber of Mannf antareg Uus evening. 