CHAPTER LXVI. sna wurra-VAOEn mbv, " Tiiissr yon havo not seen Ailia for saraa time ?" asked Lord Cwrsdale of Rosa Dnrwent, And the answer was, " No," He had mado.all the scarab possible la London for hia young wife, hut could gat no tidinga of lier, They vemombared her at tha Loudou Bridga Hotel; and Patty, the kindly chamber-maid, whan she hoard of inquiries being njada about a young lady, told at onoa all that aha had thought and suspoetod. Lord Oaradale talked to her himself; and described Ailia exactly to hor. ' ? " That ia the lady I" cried the girl, " And yon have no idea where she went?" aeked Lord Oarsdale, " Bho mentioned no town, no place?" " No,'' replied the ahambor-m'aid, " none," 80 there his alow ended, Naturally enough his next visit waa to Rudeswell, to seo'if Ailia had reached home. This timo he waa oo en grossed with anxiety that he quito forgot to note that which baforehand had so disgusted him-tho dull street, tlio gloomy house, tho uvidenoo of poverty. He though only of find ingAilio, and atoning to her for what she ?lufferud j her heroism had bean so groat that, ; in his ayoa, it onnoblod evon tho most oorn mon-plnqo surroundings. As a matter of course, tha whola family were astonished to sea hita, and still more astounded at what ha had to tell them; for. ho would hava no more concealment, and, sanding for t'ho danoing-master and his as tonished wifo, ho told the truth about' his name, his tiUe, and poaition. "At tha same time," ho said, " I must tell you quite fairly that my marriage outs me oif entirely from my family forever. It has been Uept a seoret from them all these years j now they know it, and I hava bidden them farewell forever." John Barwent and his wifo were both over come. "To think," aajd John, " that tuoba thing should happon." "To think," oried Mrs. Darwant, "that my daughter should bo a lady ot title." They wore both apaaohleaa after that one remark, " Of course," continued Lord Oarsdale, " now that my marriage ia known, 1 should iiko to see you in a different poaition. I havo influential friends, and I do not doubt in tho least but that I can procrara for you soma iit-tle office under government, besietea which I will settle a yearly inaoma on you mora than equivalent to that whieh you now earn. I shall havo to trust to your good fionso ontirely never to mention my family or spoak of thera in any way, aa it would lead to more harm than good." John Doiwent and his wife were both over whelmed-they oould say nothing. Thon ho made inquiries about Frank, and learned that ho gave promiso, Bomo day or other, of being a superb engineer, " I consider Frank's fortune mado, sir," said John Darwent, gratefully; " and I havo you to thank for it, my lord-no one else." Than Lord Oarsdala had to listen to tho story of Bdho'b engagement to tho young ourata; and, looking at the girl's aweot faoe, ha djid not wondor at her marrying wall. Then Hetfcio looked up at him with one ol hor frank, strange smiles, " I am not one of tho genteel monabera of tha family," she said, " and I am not pro vided for, but I tall you one thing, Lord Oars dala, I would not marry a lord, as poor Ailia has dono, without he loved ma hotter than you loved h&r;," " You ara right, Hettie, I do not excuse myself, but I will atone in tho future foi? tha orrora of tha past," Ha would cot alarm them by telling them that ho had so completely lost all teaoe of Ailie; ho lot them bolievo thero had beon some miatako about their travelling. Ho found from hia inqniriea that none of them had any idea ol Ailie'a whoreahouts, He went owiy as aoon aa ho oould, having but the ono idea of finding her. The surprise, tho wonder, the bewilderment that foil upon that littlo household 1 Ailie, their beautiful Ailio, had married a lord! Mra. Derwent roaked horaelf pathetically to and fro, wiping the gnoat tears from her eyea. " I always said that Ailio waa no oomraon kind of girl," aha said, " but nono would bo liuve me." Tho dancing-mastorl ooked at his fiddle, " You and I part now," ho said; " but you havo beon a true friend to mo." . The seorofc waa imparted, under all possible vows of secrecy, to tlxa mmto, who mantally congratulated himself on having inado a good matoh. Viaiona of a good living, presented to him by hia brother-in-law, Lord Garadala, Coated across hia mind. In tho meantime, Lord Oarsdolo himBalf waa quite at ft loaa whore to look, It waa wondorful how one illusion aftor another draw bim from piano to placo, Sometimes it waa tho story of a lady found drowned in the depths of anmo swift, deep river; again it was tho body of a lady washed ashoro ; it was an unknown lady killed in a railway aaaidont j or it waa tho history of a myster ious death. Whsrever he hoard or road anything of tho kind, ho wont at onco; but, noithcr living nor dead, oould ha Ond any tpaca of Ailio. It waa a railway aooident that drew hia attention to Fernb&y-an; exouraioi) train had como in collision with a heavy goods train, tho result of whioh waa tho death of soma twenty paasaugera ond the injury of soma twonty others. It waa nobody's fault quits an aooidont, tho servants of tha com pany deolared- ono that no human intclU gence oould havo forsean. Among tholiatof of tha dead oamo a deaeription of a lady un known. She waa described aa vory beauti ful, with lon« goldon hair; and when Lord Oarsdale read it, his heart grow faint. Ho forget how many boautifnl womon wfth gol den hair there are in the world, and ho went direct to Fornbay. . ItwGsnofc Ailie, Before ho reaohod thero tho golden-haired lady had boon recognized by a husband, who was driven mad by her untimely death. Still, Lord Oarsdale resolved upon staying . thero; it waa a pretty plaoe, and ho had a pleasant memory of the ono happy day that he had spent with Ailie thore. Ha wont to the same hotel where sho had been so full of pretty, innoc.ant wonder and Hurpriee. They did not recognize him there. Later on that evening he walked down to the beach; it was a eurioua plaoe-quaint, old-fiishlohed, and, at times, very solitary, lie walked past the pier, whero tho band waa " discoursing eloquent musio," down by the ehfi's, and stood thara looking at an old, ruiaed jetty that ran out into tha sea, H was a quiet, desolate plaeo; thero was no sound of musie, no gay promanadera, no ohildron at play. Thera lay the bluo sea ; tho white oliffa sloped down to it, and train tha shingle tho black, ruined jetty ran out far and wide into the sea. Such a quaint, soli tary eoene had not met hia ey,es for years, lie Btood watohing it, wondering how that old jeity would look under a darkening sky, with groat, dark wavea leaping ovor it; and as ho so stood, thara oama to him an old coast-guard, who touched hia oap and bocan to talk. , b That jotty, ho said, had been for yeara and yeara out of repair j it waa ncvor used now. In timea long past, queena and kings had landed on it; but now it waa given up to a ghost, , , {To Ve continued,) s \ 