THE PLENARY COUNCIL. ? ?third and fourth public sessions. ? *The ceremonies in connection ?with the third public session on Sunday last were little less impressive than the grand opening of the Plenary Council. The prelates who took part in the solemn proceedings were the Cardinal President, and their Lordships of Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, Armidale, Brisbane, Rockhainpton, Sandhurst. Ballarat, Adelaide, Perth, Port Victoria, Hobart, Dunedin, Wellington, and Auckland; and the Eight5 Rev. Monsignor Hutchinson, Vicar Apostolic of Northern Queeus land. ? Half-past ten was fixed for the beginniag of the solemnities, and the cathedral was crowded in every part. Punctually at the appointed time a procession of the clergy, the bishops, the pontifi cating prelate of the day, and the masters of the Mass came from the sacristy, and a moment afterwards the Cardinal-Archbishop and his retinue followed, the entrance of his Eminence being announced by the choir singing the ' Ecce Saccrdos.' Besides the members of the Council a number of clergy, including Dean Leonard, Rev. Father Keogan, Rev. Fathers Moriarty and Callachor and the Very Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., joined in the first procession. Many of the members of the various Orders wore their particular robes, and Prior Butler with' graceful long white cope over his black soutan, the Very Rev. Father Dunne in the brown Franciscan habit, and Fathers A. M. Sullivan and Egan of New Zealand in the sombre cloak and. hood of the Benedictines were conspicu ous figures in the long imposing line. His Eminence the Cardinal worefhis Cardinal's robe— capita magna — which made his figure easily dis tinguishable. The fifteen prelates, in purple soutan, niozetta, and biretta, occupied the same places at either side of the sanctuary as at the first and second sessions, and his Eminence at the throne was attended by the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, the Very Rev. Dr. Corroll, V.G., and the Very Rev. Dean M'Carthy. The Right Rev. Dr. .. Reville, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, Victoria, as celebrant of the High Mass, wearing red vest ments, was attended by the Rev. .1. Byrne, deacon, Rev. Father O'Connor, sub-deacon, and the Venerable Archdeacon Rigney, Assistant Priest. Mozart's Twelfth Mass was sung. Madame Merz, Miss' Stafford, Mr. Barrett, Mr. Hinchy, 'and Mr. Hallewell were the soloists. For the Offertory piece Mr. Hinchy, his sweetly pathetic tenor voice reaching every part of the building, sang Aulagnier's 0 Salutaris. Mr. Hallewell conducted, and Mr. Banks, the Cathedral organist, played with his accustomed power and skill. Mass over, the Right Rev. Dr. P. Moran, Bifehop of Dunedin, New Zealand — the preacher of the day — took his place in the pulpit. All over the colonies Bishop Moran is known as an ? eloquent and determined advocate of Catholic education, and it surprised no one that his Lord ship should have a%'ailed himself of this appro priate opportunity of stating clearly and logically, and forcibly — as he knows so well how to do — the Catholic view of this all-important subject. A ' scholarly countenance, an unaffected dignity of manner, and a pleasant, though not powerful voice, secured the attention of the great congre gation when his Lordship began his address, and every word of that singularly able and telling discourse had its effect. BISHOP MORAN ON EDUCATION. My Lord Cardinal, my Lords, Very Rev. and Rev. Brethren, and Brethren of the Laity, — Ii- obedience to the request of his Eminence, who as apostolic delegate presides over this Plenary Synod, and whose request must be considered by me as a command, I come here to-day t'o speak to you concerning the principles of Catholic edu cation, not so much for the purpose of instructing you, who are already well informed upon them, as to put on record solemnly in presence of this august and representative assembly a summary of Catholic teaching on this most important sub ject. These principles are founded, on the one hand, on the dictates of right reason, and on the other, on the teaching of Our Lord Jesus Christ. He it is who has said, ' What will it avail a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul, and what shall a man giva in exchange for his soul ?' Also those other words, ' Going forth teach all nations whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo, I am with you all days till the consummation of the world ;' and lastly, ' He that hears you hears me, and he that despises you despises me.' Catholic prin ciples of education are the logical development of these words. What is really meant by education ? In these days, when the whole world is apparently most zealous in the cause of education, such an inquiry as this would seem to be altogether superfluous ; yet it if not so. In the minds of too many, education has become' confounded with mere instruction in some secular subjects to the great injury of education. It will be well for us, therefore, to carry with us in our reflections an adequate and accurate idea of what education real ly means. Education, then, as understood by Catholics and all real scholars, means the train ing of the moral and intellectual faculties of man fora certain end. But the end of man is manifold, and consequently if confusion is to be prevented, some one end must be paramount. Man is a religious, civil, and domestic being, or in other words, man in his creation was destined for heaven hereafter, and, in this world, for civil society and the family, consequently for a three-fold end. ? Three authorities, then, have a claim to interfere in his education. One end of his education is such a knowledge of God here on earth as will enable him to possess Him in heaven, anothor such a training as will fit him to be a good and useful citizen, and in the third place he must be so brought up as to be a worthy member of the family. The Church, then, and the State, and the father of the family have all and each a right to a voice in reference to his education. The Church, that he may be enabled to become the child of God; the State, that he may become a good and useful citizen ; and the head of the family, that he may become a good son and a good brother. Were these authorities to clash, confusion and many other evils would necessarily follow, and consequently from the very nature of things a due subordination amongst them is essential. It is clear, then, that one must be first, one must be second, and another must he content with the third place. Their relative order depends on their relative import ance. The primary end of man is to acouire here on earth that knowledge of God which will enable him to possess Him hereafter, and to this the other two must be subordinate. As it is the right and duty of the Church to guide men in all that belongs to their primary end, hers must be the first in the training: of their moral and intellec tual faculties. This training then must begin under . her auspices and be carried on under her guidance lest they should unhappily lose that for which they were created, and thus lose all. For 'what will avail a man to gain the whole world and (lose his owu soul?' As to the part of the State, Catholics readily concede that Government which represents the comumnif-.v has a right to see that children shall be so educa ted that they may be enabled to become good and useful citizens. The Church teaches that the power necessary for the stability and well-being of society is ordained of God, and that, conse quently, Governments have a right to interfere iu education, so as to secure these ends. But what is to be deplored is, that not satisfied with doing this, in many instances Governments have usurped the -entire control of education, and de prived- the Church of the exercise of the power which as the divinely constituted teacher she holds from God. Who received from our Lord Jesus Christ the commission to teach? The Church, and only the Church. After His resurec tion, and not long before His ascension into Heaven, our Blessed Lord, as is related in the last chapter of the gospel according to St. Mat thew, spoke to His Apostles thus : 'All power is given to me in Heaven and upon earth. Going therefore teach ye. all nations. . . . Teaching them to observe all tilings whatsoever I have commanded you ; and behold I am with you al I days even, to the consummation of the world.'' And does not this authority and precept given to the Church alone establish her teaching authority as paramount to that of all other authorities ? A s, then, it is her right and her duty to teach the entire revelation of Christ, it is consequently necessarily her duty and her right to warn anil guard men against all opposing errors. But how do this if the parent or the State possesses a right to exclude he v from the school? Her right to teach the truths of revelation carries with it her right to direct and superintend all other teaching in order that error and corruption may not creep in. The late illustrious Pontiff, Pius' IX., in his famous letter to the Archbishop of Fribourg, tersely sums up the perpetual teaching of the Church on this subject, and condemns all secular and mixed systems of education, declaring them to be inspired by a spirit of hostility towards her and by a desire of extinguishing among the people the divine light of the holy faith. And not content with this clear exposition of Catholic teaching, he further declares that the Church is in duty bound not only to use. her best efforts, and employ every means to secure for children the necessary Christian education and instruction, but, moreover, would feel herself obliged to warn all the faithful, and to declare that no one can in conscience frequent mixed and secular schools as being adverse to . the Catholic Church. There is another passage in this important document of the greatest moment. There are to be found some who would, if ? possible, persuade ecclesiastical authority to sanction secular or mixed schools in mixed com munities, and I am not sure if some such may not here and there be found amongst those who call themselves Catholics. To these men I beg most earnestly to recommend a consideration of the following words of the great Pontiff :— ' Those,' he says, 'who pretend that the Church ought to abdicate or suspend her control and her salutary action upon the primary schools, in reality ask her to disobey the commands of her Divine Author and to be false to the charge she has received from God, of guiding all men to salvation.' You see, then, my dear brethren, that in the strenuous efforts everywhere made by genuine Catholics to provide Catholic schools for their children, they are only doing that which is their bounden duty as Christians to do, and that were they to do less, they should be false to the charge imposed upon them by God. History proves and illustrates the fidelity of the Church to her office. From the first it has. been her care to establish schools everywhere according to her opportunities and means. In the beginning the residences of the bishops and priests were schools. Monasteries, which in the day of their prosperity flourished in all Christian lands, had invariably schools at tached to them, so also had the Cathedrals ; and it is mainly to these the world is in debted for the preservation of ancient learning, even of the Scriptures* themselves. Who, for example, is ignorant of the zeal and success of the ancient Irish school ? Who founded almost all the great universities, even those of greatest name to-day ? The Roman Pontiffs. Who have been their noblest, most generous benefactors ? Bishops and others of the Catholic Church. Who raised the glorious cathedrals of many lands, buildings which even to this day are so many schools of art, beauty, and civilization ? Who has established those 110 religious congregations of men and women, who devote themselves gratuitously throughout the world to the educa tion of youth, particularly the children of the people ? The Catholic Church. Even now, who is devoting all energies, all powers — intellect, genius, learning, virtue, disinterestedness, large pecuniary means to the education of the people ? The Catholic Church. In very, recent times various Governments have become alive to their obligations to their subjects in re ference to education, and with new-born zeal, though not always well directed, have become lavish in their expenditure on schools. But it is a new-born zeal. It is not so long since some of them persecuted education, and made it penal to teach even the rudiments of learning. In the early days of some amongst us popular education was neglected by the State. Wnereas, even then, ai^d for' centuries' before, the Church had put forth all her energies to secure education for the people. Our school neophytes, however, now heap blame upon the. Church for not having educated all in spite of the neglect, the opposition, the. persecution, and the plunder ing of the State. And even now, notwithstanding the millions of money annually spent by the State on schools, she cannot show results equally good with those produced by the Church single handed, and obstructed by the civil authority. Nor is this wonderful; through her jealousy of the Church the State has undertaken to do the mpracticable — to educate independently of re ligion, and in ignorance of it—of religion. that has Christianized and civilized all' Christian and civilized nations, informed their literature, guided their history, directed their manners, given tone to their intellectual pursuits, leavened their legislation, influenced their morals', and even their commercial pursuits, and given life to their arts and sciences. The attempt to educate by ignoring religion and shutting out the Church uum uut:11- iueubai vision is a mad design, and can lead only to disaster, not only to men's first and best interests but to the interests of all moral and intellectual training. But is this attempt in reality honest ? Can there be educa tion of any sort whilst the Church and God and religion are ignored ? No ; and therefore, al though modern systems of education pretend to ignore these, they do not,- because they can not. These subjects uro for ever cropping np under all systems, and are' erroneously treated unaer most ol them. As these systems hare been established, as Pius IX. declares, in hos tility to the Church, under them no opportunity is lost to prejudice the rising -generation against the teaching of revealed, indeed of ally 'reli- gion. And it must be so, as Christ has said, ' He that is not with Me is against Me.' So the system of education ° that does not frankly accept religion as its basis and willingly submit to its guidance, is from the very nature of the case hostile to Christ and Christianity. Governments in the pre sent day have - ostentatiously set themselves in direct opposition to God and his Christ, and they cannot but expect the logical result — viz., to be ground as powder under the idol they have erected. You, my dear brethren, are more fortu nate. Guided by the Church of God, gathered securely around the Rock of Ages, you have listened with docility and reverence to' the voice of Peter, against whom the gates of hell shall not prevail, and, as true, faithful sons of 'the unerring Mother, withdrawn yourselves from all participa tion in those newfangled and pestiferous systems of education, which not only ignore the existence of the Author of your being— to Whom, by your very creation, you are obliged to devote all your services—but endeavour to cast Him out from His creation. You have withdrawn yourselves from thsee, and, because you love real education, you have at great expense, and notwithstanding the fact that you have been compelled to pay for the fare and godless education of other people's children, provided Christian and Catholic schools for your own. Persevere in this course ; continue to put from you the poisoned cup ; preserve for your dear children, for whose souls you must render an account at the Day of Judgment, the one true faith, without which it is impossible to please God ; keep alive in their susceptible minds a knowledge of what their fathers have suffered for this faith, and leave nothing undone that their education, instead of being stunted/ trun cated and lob-sided, merely the ghost of an education, may be that training of the moral and intellectual faculties to a certain end, which alone deserves the name of education. You have zealous, experienced, learned prelates, pre sided over by a great Prince of the Church, to direct and guide you. Over all is the Vicar of our Lord Jesus Christ, who in teaching the deposit of revelation to all the faithful cannot go astray, and who is supernaturally guided in the government of the Church. I need say no more. , Your noble Christian and Catholic conduct in the past is the guarantee for the fdture. Sons of martyred fathers, you will never forget the deeds of your ancestors, a reverence for their memory and loyalty to their faith; you will, as hitherto, leave nothing undone to hand down to your children the precious, priceless deposit which it cost these ancestors so much to hand down to you. Children of Patrick, children of Augustine, children of Columbkille, children of Reruigius, Catholic children of all lands, be mindful of your prelates who have gone before you and guard their faith, which is the root and foundation of justification. May God the Father who created us, God the Son who re deemed us, God the Holy Ghost who sanctified us, the one and triune God, so bless us, so direct and strengthen us; that having, like St. Paul, fought the good fight and preserved the faith for ourselves and our children, we may come to the possession of that reward which is laid up for the loyal and just in Heaven. Amen. Immediately at the conclusion of the sermon, and while a grand march pealed from the organ, the prelates and other ecclesiastics left the' sanctuary and passed into the sacristy, thus ending the day's ceremonies. Fourth Public Session. The session on Wednesday was invested with a special element of pathos and solemnity, for the day was set apart as a holy commemoration of the deceased prelates of the colonies. At half past ten, in the presence of a large and devout congregation, the Missam Solemnem cle Bequie pro episcopis defunctis was commenced, his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst, being the officiating prelate ; the Very Rev. Dr. Sheridan, Assistant Priest; Rev. Father J. Byrne, deacon of the mass ; and Rev. J. Farrelly, sub deacon. His Eminence the Cardinal, at the throne, was attended by Archpriest Sheehy, Dr. Carroll, V.G., and Dean M'Carthy. The solemnly beauti ful chants during the requiem were impressively delivered by a select choir of priests, including the Very Rev. Prior Butler, O.C ; Very Rev. A. M. Sullivan, O.S.B.; Very Rev. Edmund Vaughan, C.SS.R. ; Rev. Father O'Malley, S. J. ; Rev. Father O'Connor, Rev. Father Nealon, Rev. Father Egan, O.S.B. ; and Rev. Father Williams. The catafalque was erected at the rear ? of the High Altar. It was covered by a purple pall, and on it were the insignia of the episcopate, while around stood six tall white tapers in gilt stands. At the Solemn Absolution ceremony the olliciating prelates wore black copes and white mitres. The High Altar was draped in black for the occasion. It fell to the lot of the Bishop of Adelaide to deliver the com memoration address, a report of which appears in another page, and at the conclusion of his Lord ship's touching discourse, the Absolution was given at the catafalque in the following order : His Lordship Dr. Murphy, his Lordship Dr. Salvador, his Lordship Dr. Moran (Dunedin), his Lordship . Dr. Murray, and hia Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop. During the solemn service the Bishops wore their purple, and at the Session which followed red copes and gold mitres were worn. The Session, as usual, was conducted in Latin, Bishop Dunne, Dr. Corbett, and Arch priest Sheehy performing their official duties as secretaries. Those unacquainted with the character of the work to be done during a Plenary Council can form little idea of the immense amount of busi ness that has already been gone through by the prelates, theologians, and deputies. Every day since the Council was opened, the five commit tees have been kept busy from 9 or 10 in the morning till 5 in the evening. On Monday a full congregation of the whole Council was held in the Cathedral with closed doors. We are informed that a large number of important decrees Have been prepared, which will be forwarded for ap proval to the Holy See before publication. Since the list of the members of the Council was published in the Freeman of Saturday last two new names have been added, viz., the Vener able Archdeacon Hogan, Westbury , Tasmania, and the Rev. Father Fosartv. Diocese of Goulburn . In addition to the committees already published we understand that a sub- committee on education was formed composed as follows :— His Lordship Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, President ; Very Rev. Dean Beeehinor, Hobart ; Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., Sydney; Rev. Father Williams, Adelaide Very Rev. J. Dunne, Albury ; Rev. Vincent Dwyer, Inspector of Schools, Diocese of Maitland ; and .the Rev. Father Fogarty, Inspector of schools, Diocese of Goulburn. THE CLOSING DAT. The closing ceremonies on Sunday next will no doubt form a fitting termination of the Council. The solemnities of this the last Public Session will commence at half -past ten by a procession around the cathedral as on the opening day, the children of St. Mary's schools, the mem bers of the various confraternities and societies, and the bishops, theologians, and priests taking part. Pontifical Hisrh Mass will be suno- bv hia Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland. The. Cardinal- Archbishop will preside at his throne, and his Eminence will deliver the closing address of the Council. During the Council the Cathedral has been open free to the public; but it has been considered desirable, in order to avoid crowding, to regulate the admission on Sunday entirely by ticket. We have been re quested to state that the tickets may now be pro cured from the Rev. Father Coonan, Administra tor of the Cathedral, at the Presbytery, and from Mr. Monaghan at the Clerk's Office, St. Mary's. Everyone will be supposed to present a ticket on entering the Cathedral. , The Acts of a Plenary Council. Now that our first great Australian Plenary Council has nearly concluded its business, it will, we are sure, be interesting to all our readers to know the extent and character of the work done on such occasions. By the last mail we received some particulars with regard to the results of the Plenary Council of the 'United States held some time ago in /Baltimore. The Acts of the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore having been ap proved of by the Holy See, we are enabled now for the first time to publish a summary of them. As we stated at the time, Archbishop Gibbons of Baltimore presided as Papal Delegate. Fourteen Archbishops, fifty- eight Bishops, six Abbots, seven Domestic Prelates, thirty-one Superiors of Religious Orders, eleven presidents of seminaries, and eighty-eight theologians took part in the Council. Five public sessions were held, and thirty-one private sittings. The labours of the Council were divided into eleven committees, each presided over by an Archbishop. Nineteen sermons were preached in public in the Baltimore Ca thedral by one or other of the assem bled Bishops. Ten sermons were preached in German in the Church of St. Alphonsus. The Acts are- divided into twelve chapters. The 1st chapter consists of the solemn profession of Faith made by the Bishops, &c.; Chapter 2 treats 'on ecclesiastical persons,' and gives full details con cerning the election of Bishops. It also estab lishes the rights of parish priests, and regulates the election of deans and other official dignitaries. Chapter 3 treats of ' Divine worship.' The main points established are rules for the uniform observance of feasts and fasts, and a reform in musical church services. Chapter 4 regards ' the Sacraments/' The two principal points in this chapter are the administration of Baptism to converts and mixed marriages. Chapter 5 is on ' the education of the clergy.' The university question and the establishment of seminaries naturally find a place here. Chapter 6 treats on ' the education of youth of both sexes,' and points out the necessity of parish schools everywhere. Chapter 7 regards ' Christian doctrine, and shows the fruit and effects of the explanation of the Gospel on Sundays. Under this heading also we have full details for cateche tical instruction, for prayer books, &c.; There is also a special article regarding the 'Catholic Press,' and the diffusion of good Catholic periodi cals. Chapter 8 is entitled 'Zeal for Souls.' After the usual commendation to Bishops and priests on this matter, come advice and counsel regarding emigrants, the black population, Catho lic clubs and societies, &c.; Conferences of St. Vincent of Paul and temperance societies are strongly urged. Chapter 9 treats of ' ecclesias tical property,' and Chapter 10 of ' the establish ment of a proper ecclesiastical court ' in each diocese. 'Christian Burial' is dealt with in chapter 11 ; and chapter 12 is occupied with the promulgation of the Decrees. 