how to prevent racing accident8. No n.tter what ma, l,o ..Id to tb. oontrarr by trnora. jockey., and racing m.n generally tho general public of an ordinary ac- quaintance with turf matter, will not fail to en dorse the ad mluion of one witness at raitar. day', inquest, that such extensive disaster, a. that of last Saturday are relatively more likely to happen In Urge than in small Held., When forty horse, a tart there are sun to be animal, of all classes; and though the forty may tall ont to an appanntly gnat length, then will be no gap. between them of eny importance. Consequently, If anyone of the leaden come, down then an certain to be a gnat many on top of him at once. When only belt the nnmber start the 'danger la gnatly lessened, for by the time steam la being put on only half the number then would bo in a field of forty would hare any chance or would be able to find the necessary steam. The quaetlon 1. how an fields to be rednoed In nnmber? Valuable stake, are now offered and then an great temptation, to owners in some instances, even apart from the money to be pocketed in wagers In the event of cceea. The clubs can hardly dories any means by which they can refuse the nomina tion of an honorable owner, or of eny owner who has not been shown to have been guilty of dishonest rnnntng, or other malpreotice. It U still more impossible, having received the nominatiou, to reftiee a start, Still, beyond question, nnbllc opinion, and even owners' feelings, will infutnre bo against starting such large lields as that for the Caulfield Cnp last Saturday. The club will consequently hare to cast about for some means to meet the difQ- cnlty. The question, we admit, is a wide one. There are many Interests and very many oon- sideratlone not to be loet sight of, and nothiug should be tried without iflCst careful review of a , . bcarin- In this spirit, and not wslh any Idea that it is liksly to meet with general acceptance or even that it entirely meets the case, we taiy be per mitted to make a suggestion. It will hardly be denied that all our principal racecourses, metropolitan and provincial, are perfectly safe for field numbering np to twenty-five, the ordinary and unavoidable risks of couree ex cepted. Is it not possible, then, in races whore these arc more than twenty- five starters, to run tho event in heats? We do not mean hcAts in the ordinary racing accep tation of tho term. What, we propose is that when there are more than twenty-five starters the numbers of 000 halt should be drawn after the manner of a sweep by the club, and this half formed into one field, and the other half into another field, the placed bowe meai'h to be entitled to start for the ran off. Whether or not the run off shonld tup plare on the same day would depend npon the length of the race. .n this way man) uf oar large, fylds would ho divided into two of from fourteen to sixteen, with a final field of the six best horses to fight it ont. We are perfectlv aware there are many objections which could be urged, such, for instance that tue event could not be got off in one day, or, if it were, that it would, when the distauco was anything but short, be crnd to the horses. Outers would perhaps urge the liability if the event were not finished in ono day of horses going wrong in the interval, or of not being so well on one day as on another. After all then are risks they have to take now every season and every day. Not only do they run the risk, but their own mistakes frequently spoil their chances. No trainer in the country has not occasionally "left a race oa the training ground," aa the raying goer, or har failed to givo his horse the one gallop jmt wanted to make him "pink." It is no easy matter to just 'nick it," and wc imagine, under the system we propose, it would lie no more difficult than it is now. At any rate whet doe notice is given all would be on |he same footing, andi there would be nothing to grumbje About. As for the pnblic, they would be the gainers in being afforaed three splendid racef for many of our important events instead of ofie, and we feel sure the system would be popular with the natrons of the the turf. The club#, no donbt, would have a diffi cult; task before ;tbem, but 1 not an insnberable one. It would become necetsary to provide prizes for the placed horses In the two1ieats,as well as the more sob- sUplial prizes for the fliat thret in the tun off. 'Ah we have said, this system, if suitable at all, I8 btkt suited to the short events, and those up to a mile and a half. As U well known for one borsdttaAt eua gotwo miles there tan skn oak go a pule and a half; and for one that can go a mile and a half there are half a dcteen that can gti from Ave IdHekgs to a mile at first class pace. Consequently it is in the shorter distances the big fields are likely to beifonnd. Our Mslboema Onp, AtttrtHan Ctipjbtd Champion fields are never likely to be greatly increased, for Aha very sufficient reason that U is impossible to breed many fiotiek capable ff tevejing .the dtitsaeo an£r any height in such lime as to eive them a ghost of aibowwitb thecraqka. The Newmarket iraudjcahdtfidlCAaUeldvpi of the fntnMlalk likely to see the most horses saddle tip, and realljj we cannot see any insuperable difficulty Ik th4 way of applying- to tbam tins class of . racesj At Any rater we should like to see th# 4 question considered by some of our loaling clubs: The objections sure to be ruUed could then pe diaenssed. 