CHURCH OF ENGLAND. ANNUAL ASSEMBLY. The second session of the third church as sembly opened yesterday. Holy Communion was administered in the Pro Cathedral at 12 noon to a large number of the clergy and laity, The Assembly met at at the. City Hall at 4 p.m., -and was presided over by the Right Rev . the Bishop of Ballarat. The following members of Assembly were present:—Hon. secretory,-Rev. E. S. Radcliff; bon. assistant, Mr E. Verey, Clergy—Rev. H. W. H.Adeney, St.' Peter’s, Ballarat; Rev. C. G." Allaiiby, Brown Hill; Yen. J. C. P. Allnut't, Portland; R«v. J. W. Arnold, Charlton; Rev. L A. Baker, Buninyong; Ray. J. A. Ball; Atoca; Rev. H. H,. Barren, -Kingston; Van; P. T.‘;‘ Beamish, DD., Warrnambool; Rev.' C. Campbell, B;A., All . Saints', Ballarat; Yen. H. E. Cooper, M A., Hamilton; Riv. R T. Cummins, St.'Paul's, Ballarat; Rev. E. H. Du Bois, Smythesdale; Rev. J. F. Dewhurst, Ballon;' Rev. H. Finter, . Clunes; Rev; J. Glover, Creswick; Rev. C. Harris, Horsham; Rev. R: J. E. Hayman, Dimbuola; Rev. W. P. Howell, Branxhtiime; Yen. C. Julius, M.A., Christ' Cbnrcb,- Ballarat; Rev.- H. Kendall, Portland; Rev. J. Lewis, Maryborough; Rev. J. H. MacFarlahe, B. A,Castertbo; Rev. J E F. May, >M A., Harrow; Rev. .R. .J. Mercer, St. John's, Ballarat; Rev. H. S. ; Mercer, M.A., St. Stephen's, Ballarat; Rev; H. C. E. Morris, Mortlake; Rev. S. M'George. Murtoa; Rev. J. Onyons, Cariebrook; Rev. E. S. Radcliff, 8.A., Bishop's Registry; Rev. C. L. H.' Rupp, Cole raine; Rev.- W. SwinbarD.Dunolly; Rev. J.. Wagg, B A.j Talbot; Rev. S Walker, Lear moDth; Rev. W. Wilkinson, Bealiba; and Rev. J. L. Winb,'Koroit. Lay . Representatives—R. A. Armstrong, All Saints, Ballarat; W. H. Barnard, Talbot; C. Beal, Birregurra; R. H. Bland,' C.lunes; H. Brind, Koroit; D-* P. Buchanan, Bealiba; H. D. Cane, St. Peter’s, Ballarat; Lindsay Clarke, Portland; F. M. Caxton, W*rrnambool;F. C. Downes, Christchurch, Ballarat; ' Jas. Fry, Kingower; G. J. Jones, Smytbesdale; W. Lakeland,. St. Paul's;- Ballarat; A. MWitty, Murtoa; J. C. Molloy, Brown Hill; C. N-ipier, Carisbrook; T. E. Ochilttee, Buninyong; J. Orr; Wairnambool; H.' H. Peake, St. Stephen’s, Ballarat; J. Richardson, Ararat; W. Robert son, St. Paul's, Ballarat; John R ibsnnl St, Paul's, Ballarat; E. B. Ryall, Avoca; C. W, Sberard, Colac; J. R. Trevor, Lsarmonfh; T. A. U'bwatt, St. AmaudjandE J Webb, B T faEt. Opening Ceremony. The president opened' the proceedings, as usual, with prayer. . Announcement ] The president said he had an announcement to make, which he asked the Assembly to receive standing. The Assembly rose, and the president observed Almighty God had been pieaeid to call to Himself that day .'one of the oldest and best-known members of the Assembly, Mr Cnselli, having been called to his rest that morning at 4 o’clock. Under ordinary ciroumatances he would like to have shown their deep respect by adjourning to sumo future hour, but that 'seemed inadvisable, as they would have another opportunity of doiug so, the funeralhavingbeehfixedforll.3oa.m onThurS day, when they would all be pleased to show their regard, respect, aud. affection for their deceased brother. Confirmation op Minutes. The President certified to the correctness of the minutes of last assembly, which were con firmed. Bishop's Assent to Acts. The registrar- certified that the Bishop had assented to the several acts passed at the pre vious session. President's Address. The President Baid—Brethren in the faith - o! Jesu3 Christ, clergy and lay representatives, duly gathered for Diocesan Assembly, in accordance with church order, aud by express sanction of the Sovereign, and the Parliament of this colony; grace and benediction to you all. God the Father send us now prosperity: God the Son grant us His peace: Gad the Spirit enlighten our understandings, and hallow every thought and purpose of our hearts ! 0. boly, biessed, aud glorious Ttiaity, ev>T one God, draw near to us assembled in Thy name, abide in the midst of us, neither forsake nor for a moment leave us; and may the aim and issue of our eve: y word and work, done and spoken as in Toy presence, be the greater glory of Thy holy came, in the true advance ment of Tby church in this land, aud the has tening of Tby kingdom upon the earth. Fellow churchmen, I have sounded a lofty note Pray and labor that the music of our session raayn- vtr sink into a lower key. As this week's Assem bly stems likely to be the largest we have ever bold, bj may it prove memorable as well for its spiritual tone, as for the wisdom and practical value of all the business done; and may tbe experience of not a few of ub be that of an old Bishop of Verona—“ To me, verily, no day is wont to be more pleasant than the day of Church Assembly (dies Synodiy, no day, which amid multitudinous troubles more comforts and recreates my soul.” TIME op meeting Experience points to the early part of the year as, on tbe whole, the beat eeason for a session; and this may, I think, be reckoned upon in future as our general rule. It seems undesirable to meet in Lent; yet the year’s statistics should be in the brand of the Assem bly, and it seems very difficult to get them completed even by March. They are ready, however, sooner now than formerly, and a still further endeavor after promptness in sending their returns on the part of clergy and parish officers may make it possible, another y-ar, to have them ready against tbe week before Asb Wednesday. MfcMBEBS* ROLL We have lost three clergy since last session. One by doatb—a death somewhat swift and unexpected, but humbly confident aud pence, fui. I refer to the R-’.v. C. J. M'Cormick, B A., of Ararat, one of our most estimable aud devoted ministers; tbe seventh in the niue years of our diocesan history to psss fiorn the seivice of the Outer Banctuary "within the veii." Who will be the eighth ? God of His mercy keep us ail in readiuess ! The otherß, tbe Rev. J. H. L. Ziilman and the Rev. S Gilmer, have left the diocese. Ten additional clergy have joined (or rejoined) it during tbe year; and if another, whom I confidently ex pect, arrive, and five whom I have acc- pted as j candidates for orders receive them, our minis terial Btaff, already larger than in any previous y-ar, will, in the course of this, be raised to 52. I bad hoped for yet better figures, but the additions I anticipated from England, with only two exceptions, were persuaded after all to decline my invitation. Tbe exceptions are, the Rev. W. W. Clark, of Nhill, and the Ven. Archdeacon Julius. (Applause.) The Rev. Stanley Mercer, M.A , . ia another most wel- . come arrival from Home, but on tbe arch deacon's invitatiou, not my own. Of lay members of ess mbly we have lost four. Mr C. H. Lyon has been fur years tbe repre sentative —always most welcome to this houße —for Balian, but he no longer lives there, aßd has resigned bis seat; and Mr Blake has, I am t 'ld, recently been elected. Three other vacan cies have occurred, through tbe decease of members whose names will not easily be forgotten, or. the breach which tbeir removal makes repaired. At 'our last session, Sir Charles Sladen lay on a bed if sickness, from which he never rose. There' is nr need that I should recite tbe merits of a churchman whose loss was deplored in every corner of this colony, and beyond it. A more single-eyed and patriotic statesman, a. more honorable and beneficent citizen, a better esteemed employer, neighbour, aud friend, a truer aud more cousisleot Christiao, Victorian society never lost. His services to this diocese in helping to guide its legislation, reoruiting its resources, and otherwise advanbing chuicb work, were unfailing, laborious, invaluable. Tbe place of Mr Robert Lewis, too, is’vacaut, and tbe gap could only be filled by a prominent citizen who, to the fervid heartiness of a true Welshman, and to deep aud . unimpeachable yet unassuming piety, should add a sunny radiance of face and temper, aud an unfailing and disinterested readiness for every good word and work. Our fourth loss only came today. It is too great and new a grief for me to; enlarge upon it. Six places unrepre seated last year ■contribute members now; and the’ number of lay representatives—larger than in any other year—slightly exceeds- that -of tbe clergy. Fur the first time there is htrdly a vacant seat, nud tbe assembly now pumbeiß about TOO membere.v Unquestionably, the existence* *of a full, and strong assembly,-and : attendance, at' its brief but important sessions; on tbe part ' of all its member#, are matters'of much consequence to theentire diocese. - u'..;.- . PUBLIC EVENTS Y "T ■ ' Well 'aware- that , it# members are not gathered without difficulty to this Assembly, and may claim to have tbeir time scrupulously economised for. practical' and pressing work, I yet devote a few instants to. a swift of public occurrence which give a special colour to (be rime at which we;,meet. An instance bf gross'and di-'asirous negligence on the Im jperialYAdmioistration' injthePacijio,; and a catastrophe .in Egypt the infatualioh or jocompetence of tbe British Government,' have not # little discredited, throughout-the-Empire,- ths -policy-of-thst brilliant but'erratic ; statesman, wholhas'-pYe-'’ sided—latterly withunfortunato consequences ■—overrihe- mspagement-of its affaire,- Through the shortsightedness of. the .Colonial Office,lt miy. prove too late now to secure ' the .chief Australasian islander for British, Austral asia—an object with -which, as- we Be* lie ve j the peace~of tHiiTpirt of the world 'and the healthy progress of these vast colonies are inseparably bound up. But the hero of Khar toum will not have been betrayed to d?a*b in vain- -Vacillation is henceforth impossible to British action with regard to Egypt, and the suppreßsionof Turkish influence, in Africa at any rate, by the strong, pure, and enlightened domination of a Christian Empress, to the j benediction of milii-ns of ’ dnw i-trodden pea- Bantß and groaning clave*, shall, . by' God's ~ bieeßiDg, ' be .the -more . or less 1 speedy, if the . indirect, outcome pre-. sent’ complications. One:, word more on this head. Qod shield and bless the Australian soldiers! ’{Applause.} Australian rivalry with the mother countiy in the cricket .field ends not inappropriately in - brotherhood-in armß against- her enemies, r That: Australians will make splendid soldiers I; for one,'entertain hot the faintest doubt. Lamentable as the occasion is, it is worthy,of the sacrifice’ we are offering to make, and our.strong.goodwill: and heartiest prayers go with the warrior youth of New South Wales on their stern and difficult, yet noble, errand. (Applause) "They sa'l to-, day. The Qod of bat ties: make their weapons of war the instruments of securing an houor able, an early, and a lastiug peace. v - .Civil Affairs ■ Apart from outside troubles, our colony is tranquil, and hot unproap-rous. -The yield of gold has increased, the harvest baa not failed us, and the’. population- and wealth of the country have been very considerably, aug mented, notwithstanding ? that Victoria, alone of the Australasian colonies, spends nothing on immigration, and that < her- protective duties do not increase her customs revenue, which, it is suggestive to learn; was last year scarcely larger than -that ot freetrading New South Wales. Our newi- Governor * seems - in favour' everywhere; and the much-needed reforms effected in ... civil,. servico and railway administration -appear to ■ com mand the approval • of the commuhity. - The marriage rate has greatly improved— generally a healthy symptom—but it is stilt far below that of New South Wales and South Australia; and our birth rate, strange to'say, was Dover so low as in the last returns quoted. The level of social purity is very far from what it ought'to' be amongst us;, but figures appear, to show that immorality in the 'marriage relation is less rife io .Victoria than in ’most parts of Australia, and much less than iu Great Britain; and there seems reason to ibelieve that there is less serious crime, among jus than in any other Australasian colony. These features of our civil life should inspire, not self-complacency,, indeed, but thankful jness, and hopeful thoughts about the future of our country. Of its numerical importance hereafter there can be little doubt, our statist's •forecasts leading us to expect- in souther 30 •years a diocese of a million and a half of ;eouls, and a Ballarat of 200,000. Under the : present head it aeems right to refer tu a ques tion lately ag’tated, which connects civil arrangements with religious principles I allude to Sunday trains. I cannot agree with ‘ the president of the Methodist Conference that secularists and atheists mu6t "come to ' us ’ and ask 'our' permission to do what they ;will" on Sunday, and that “ ‘ we ’ have a right to say how it shall be observed." . I thiuk such language regrettable; nor do I find any thing like it in tone in the utterances of our Saviour and His Apoetles on Sabbath ques tions. On the Divine institution and inestim able value of the weekly reat-day Protestant Christians are, id the main, agreed, and the •guarding of it by law and civil regulations is probably necessary, to its conservation for all;- but to what extent this can be pushed iu detail, within the limits of fairness and wisdom, especially in a mixed community, is a'question that is not to be settled off hand. I could not myrelf Bign a petition recently circulated by the Lord's Day Observance Society, laying it down that " strictly necessary purposes " alone | justify Sunday labour, and demanding that no Sunday trams be run on other than suburban lines. With the claim that such trains should be restricted to a minimum, and the employ&a; have alternate Sundays free, I am in entire sympathy; but the condemnation ib the name of our religion of all but "strictly necessary ’’ .labor on Sunday involves, I think an unwir ranted vexation and snare to human con sciences, and I could never coneur iu demanding in the name of the Christian Church the inter diction, altogetber*and upon aDy terms (oo all ’ railways except those most likely to be need lessly used, viz, the suburban), of the use of a modern improvement affording to incal culable a bcon in the fnqueat emergencies of social life as the public railway. Observation and reflection, indeed, long ago altered my own views as to the duty of opposing the openiug of public libraries aod museums for a portion of the Lord's Day ; and while keenly alive to the need of caution I in removing breakwaters erected by the pious wiedurn ot our forefathers against au ever-en croaching seß, I feel tenderly jealous of com* promising the blessed faith wi'li which the oburch is put in trust by identifying it with restrictions prescribed by human opinion, 1 however respectable, and staking its reputation and influence, so far upon their maintenance. Of course any member cau move the House on this subject, and a petition judi ciously worded expressiug our strong loyalty to the principles of Suuday Rest might very likely secure all our eignnturees, but the council coccurß with me iu thinking that, I under present circumatancee, the initiation ! of such a step should be left to the House it self. j GENERAL CHURCH AFFAIRS At home, four bishops have been summoned to their rest—all men of special value in some department of the Church's life. The succes sion of Dr. Temple tu the See of Loudon is an event of interest to all Christendom. (Ap plause) The good end learned Dr. Trench has yielded the Archiepiecopal Chair of Dublin to Lord P.nnket, au active m srionary hearted Prelate; but the Irish Church seems under manned, and financially straitened. Two commemorations have marked the year; the quincentenary of Wycliff's death, and the centenary of Bishop Seabury's cou eecratioD iu Scotland, as the first bishop of the American Protestant Episcopal Church. The Bench in the United Stateß now reckons some 70 bishops, many of them of surpassing ability and huiiue.-s of characters There are 50 dioceses and 3000 clergy. Including these, the Anglican Com munion numbers over 200 bishops and 30,000 clergy. Iu Australia and Tasmania there are uow 13 eeea, Dr Lint’oo, first Bishop of Riverina, having arrived in Melbourne to day. A movement for a fourteenth diocese is on toot, to be taken from that of Melbourne. Impending increments iu the endowments of the latter will greatly facilitate this enterprise, which not ouly interests us on general grounds, but may, perhaps, hasten provincial organisa tion for ourselves. A resolution will be sub mitted to you on this subject, recording, iD gentle terms, the objection this diocese would feel to any validation of the Province and Metropolitan Act now, without full discussion of the entiie subject. -I have reason to believe that the B shop of Melbourne shares the views of myself and our couucil ou this matter, which I bops may prove to bs those of the' assembly also. Ona' difficulty io the way of a province is, that while Victoria alone would furnish for a long time too small an Upper House, dioceses in different colonies, if fused iu a Province, would have litrie common ground of consultatioo and co-op-ration, other than those wide questions which best suit the general synod. Again, the cost and time in volved in attending au . additional periodic gathering have to be considered. Brill, isolation is as bad for dioceses as for parishes, and anything that helps churchmen to feel and act as one body seems a good. Whin a third diocese in Victoria beeomes a substantial reality, there should be conference upon the whole question. For the present, the;time does not seem ripe for more than the reeolu tii.n ,t _I tiou that I duly transmitted your vote of con -dolence last session to’the late Bishop of Sydney's widow, who, in a delightful,letter, -begs me to. tender .you her heartfelt thanks. O ir diocese was represented both at Melbourne and at Sydney in the reception of the new primite, Dr Barry, wh-iise vigorous presence ie etri-ngly felt in the New South Wales province, and will tell increasingly 'for good upon the church in Australia aod Tasmania. On the o;her hand,-the retirement of Bishop Hale. from the Sie of- Brisbane, after nearly 40 years of admirable service in "Adelaide, Perth' "and" Queensland,--takes effect-this month. Hmor, levs, -obedience, troops of frieDds" deservedly surround this faithfal man - of Giid and missibnary-hearted bißhop in this the.ful ness of his years. STaTE OF ODR OWN DIOCESE. , \ . V This -year ha* been one of progress; slid, although - there; i» truly no reason for resting, there arej several : for being -thankful.-vNu strife about ,ritual vexes our diocesan'peace; and if friction is.'not yet'ev.erywhere eliminated from the wrrkiag of our parbohial.machinery, I do . not remember,Tat” thepresent moment :»ny place in the diocesewhere' if amounts' ■ to serious. mischief: T:could,uot always: 'hive spoken thus.-y I-thabk Got! that I can do so now;- (Applause) Norbaveiwemerely negative grounds for encouragement.' yln-Bog land; aa'yon .may remember; I asked for £5OOO for our diocese; and-received over'£6ooo? Last session I asked our own church people, for a special contribution of. £2OOO, and received £2602. (Applause.} Incidentally I- ask'd for nine sums of; £lOO to meet £lOO offered by myself, and. not only have, nine such slims been sent me by nine church people, but the Ladies' Auxiliary has guaranteed another.. (Applause.) Let me gratefully mention the nine:—Messrs C. Ayrey, J. Fry, P. Henty, P. Manifold, MreManifold, Measra.W. T.Rowe, E S..Ridcliff. (contributed by the' '.clergy); J. I Robson (collected), J. C. P.. AUnutt-(collected). (Applause.) It is offiy fair to say that the bulk of the £2692 was received through the exertions of the . Rev. J. C. P. Allnutt. (Ap plause.) I ought . to mention, also, that Mr Robaou,' besides collecting £192, presented services to the ' diocese' effecting a saving of £37. (Applause.) ' Our English, friends, by the way, have not forgotten us; about £lOO has been sent me spontaneously from borne this year.. Again, it is not, as I think; without pieaging, significance that, iu the case' of all the sis bmefices; to which appointments have actually been, made eince last session, the patronage .. has; been voluntarily dele gated by the parishioners to the bishop. (Applause.) In a. seventh case, now im pending,' it is likely to be. otherwise.; but that the fact our tentative P»tionage : Act' has so far worked in this particular way seems to nfford confirmation of a remark , in my addre e Inst ' session, that - the question of change in.piir. Bystem of patronage was scarcely an urgent, though a difficult and important •ne.y Indeed I :know of no "burning quea-' tions” agitated, among üb. At the same time widely' Afferent opinions will doubtless need to be reconciled on -some of the serious pro posals which are to come before us to-day. Before touching oh one or two of these I wish to mention, that I have, travelled all tbiough the diocsße since last,Bessidn, and,' am 'able, to tell the Assembly that most of ttieuew work then sketched' out has been , vigorously, taken' ) up.: In theWimmera ; district, where ho clergyman was - stationed at thatttime,’there are now thr'eacleigyand a reader statedly at ‘ work, and a fourth clergyman: is'.to begin at Easter.. Twoehurcheß-ffiave been built, and: four more are either building or on tha eve jof -it; "lEncouraging congregations have .' been' gathered at some 25 different places;, and very, considerable' local: contributions hive been, elicited by the -stimulating help given from diocesan, funds.. The progress' made- is, no doubt, small compared with what needs to be done in so vast and populous : aregion, but it is no little for the' time; and. the credit is" largely due, tinder God, to the devotion and skill of the Rsv. C.G. Allanby—(applause)— who has contrived, though ' weighted with laborious—district in —the -East," to organise and.superihtend the work, in the face of no small initial difficulties, over so large an area in. the far north west. I shall carry .with me, I think, the approval of the assembly when I mention that, having obtained the concurrence of the council in-the erection of anew arch deaconry, I hops to induce Mr Allanby to accept collation as the first Archdeacon of the Wimmera so soon as he can procure an ordained colleague for bis parish. (Applause.) His parishioners in East Ballarat deserve our hearty thanks for their forbearance in relation to their pastor's occasional employment at a distance in the interest of other places. The Liddon- Valley has received attention, end readers have been supplied to the clergy of Inglewood and Charlton for additional work; but still more might be done, and the council has again concurred in my establish ing a fifth archdeaconry, that of the Loddou, in the belief that organising operations might be carried on there with great advantage. To this post-of duty I have summoned the Rev, J. C P. Allnut —(applause)—who, how ever, will retain biß parish (at least fur the present), as will also Mr Allanby. Ar. hdeacon Allnut I propose to accredit as general financial commissary, in order that he may exercise from time to time, in any part of the diocese, that difficult, but necessary, function of re cruiting diocesan funds, in which be has already displayed so much ability and re ceived so much encouragement. (Applause.) Archdeacsns in a colonial diocese are no mere dignitaries. Fur the important woik they have to do ihe status given by their .office and title is required, and I mentioned to the Dijceaan Council so far back as 1876 that I recommended, bo soon as occasion should serve,-the steps I now announce as taken. Ho doubt the appointment of non- resident arch deacons is an unußuai arrangement, and not the best we could desire to make, but it seems to me the best.of which the circumstances admit. I may mention that the new arch deacons, in the present state of our church funds, will accept no additional personal remu neration. I have been much strengthened in the desire to effect these cbaDges by the great comfort and help received by me from my three previously appointed archdeacons. Of these two were collated only last year. The Archdeacon of Hamilton, amid many diffi culties, has elicited in very largejmeasiiro the confidence and support of residents in his part of the diocese, and the Archdeacon of Ballarat, though quite a recent arrival iu our colony, seems already an indispensable factor in the religiouß activities of Ballarat and the sur rounding district. (Applause.) A few further facts and figures may he interesting. Siuce our last session, 10 churches have been built or ate on-the eve of erection; six have been substan tially enlarged or improved; six parsonages have been built or acquired, or substantially enlarged, and three schools added to the pro perties of the church. These figures are more { favourable than in any previous ye ir. Church services have distinctly multiplied; 43 con firmations have been held, with 1038 can didates, The communicants’ roll has apparently iocieased. Approximately 3500 are now enrolled; alaß, less than one-twentieth of the professing members of the church 1 15 readers'and 50 hon. lay helpers, are at work, and out of not a few offering for service as readers or clergy, six appear eligible, most of whom are likely to be accepted or trained. I may here mention what the assembly will be glad to hear, that the newly established Grice Theological Scholarship at Trinity College, Melbourne, is open to studentß forordeis io this diocese. The diocesan branch of the Girl’s Friendly Society now numbers 155 associates and 829 members. ‘ The Melbourne diocese, with t« ice the population of ours, musters only about 100 more. The Y iui g M-n’s Frie dly Society has altered its mode of opera tion, and the new plan awaits a fair trial. The Sunday School Association of the diocese numbers a somewhat larger number of affi listed schools. I think the fee for application should, as soon as practicable, be abolished— (Hear, hear) —and that - the' abolition would widen the. sphere . of the association's useful ness. Mr Samuel Winter Cooke, of Murndnl, Barrister-at-law, his accepted at my request the office of hon. advocate of the diocese (Applause.) I must ask permission to record ray deep sense uf gratitude to the members of the council of the diocese for their unfailing industry, and cordial, wise, and courteous co operation during the y- ar. I ley on the table a record of the acts of the bishop in Council, and a schedule of money grants'.for 1885, and, also, through the attention of the hon. secre tary, Mr Cummins, a statement of the condi tion of oar superannuation fund, as required by our laws. These are, of course, open to the free criticism of the assembly. LEOiaLATIVB MEASUBES. Six resolutions and six bills, at least, will be submitted to you. ..The resolutions are— (а) Io f&voar; of incorporating our diocese, i.c , establishing a corporate body ' of diocesan trustees for all qhutch property, under the new Act of Parliament; (5) appointing a select committee re a cathedral; (c) recognising pro vincial organisation as . an open ' question; (and) recommending the establishment of a foreign mission fund, supplemental to the sustentation and clergy endowment funds; (e) pro’estinz against tbs prohibition of volun tary religious teaching'. by State ' school teachers; (f) appointing a select committee re anew Religious .Instruction Act. The bills are—(l) To regulate the diocesan' corporate trust; (2). (3) (4) to amend in. detail''the trustees and vestriea, außtent'tiun fund,', and patronage sots; (5) to transfer the bishopric endowment fond to the diocesan trustees; and en trust its. management to the Bishop in Council; (б) to pension the. Rev. L. A. Baker, of Bonin yong. On (a) and (1) I will only remark, that, instead of leaning, as might appear at first sight, towards' centralisation and imperialism, these proposals-really tend exactly in the oppo site direction; their effect, being to call iuto existence trustees divested of governing power, leaving , the management of the church, pro perties to the annually- elected local vestrieß and committees, while vesting the legal, estate ; in a permanent corporation, always accessible aud able to. act. The economy of time; trouble . aud expense in transaatiug..busiaes< connected with churoh property would be very great, should , all; our church properties come to be: "thus vested; but it wbuld .be ' quite optional with local trueteea' to .avail themselves of the arrangement..-Oa -- tbe- proposai : to erect a cathedral onths Christ Church ait i inßaUant (Resolution ■ i);'opinions ate lik>ly at first to differ, .The mattej cornea, before the assembly. by request ot the.truateei jnd’vWtry. of ißhrlat .Church ProCathedral.who lately sent a 3epu*T tation to..the.Bishop,iu Council, asking that ik might be brought forward; to which the' after again conferring vrth the Christ Church trustees and vestry, eventually agreed, I pro claimed- the .opening ofa'oatbedral fund laet - session, bat no proposal aotually - to build would have been heard of as yet, bad not the insufficiency of Christ Church to meet the 'needs of itß~ increasing congregation neces eitated the prompt consideration of; the. future of the building. The idea naturally suggested itself, that its "re-erection- might afford the opportunity ; of securing,'by the joint efforts of the parish and the diocese, a structure fitted to combinethe functioßs of a true Cathedral.ftith those of a parish church. I will not anticipate the discussion - further. than to say .that you will hardly object to, the appointment of a,select committee, to aohßider and report later on. npon this large , question, and make suggestions as to the ac'ion, if any, - which' this assembly should take reference to it. Should euch committee be.; appointed, a memorandum on the practical aspects of the eubje'ct, drawn up in 1 concert by representa tives 'of the council.and tbe . parish, will be submitted, to its notice. Oa resolution (c) I have touched already ; (and), perhaps, explains itself. The south-east and south-west of . the diocese, where pioneer., work needs to be speedily taken up, are certainly “ forest ” regions, and a Forest Mission Fund for starting - it, if well begun here, might enlist the interest of friends of our diocese at Home. Resolution (e) introduces'once more the protest which, more'or teßs emphatic, this assembly has ‘ for nine years; by -overwhelming majorities of laity as well as Clergy, made against the capital defect of oar otherwise admirable Education ignoring and practical discourage-, ment of Scriptural- teaching- in connection with State Bchool . education. . Since - our last session, in' response to the Assembly’s appeal,- the:' clergy have' done no -little, in concert with other Protestant ministers aud -lay. helpers, by way of turning. to 'account the ' facilities bo far afforded fofyolun . tary . religious - teaching in our day .schools. In most of tbs parishes in . this diocese such,' teaching is now '.regularly ; given in one. or. more’, of the State Schools. , v Inf;Bal larat itself, out’ of 22 schools, nine of the prin cipal are visited every Tuesday ‘at 3 80, for this • purppee, by 26 ’ voluntary ' teachers in structing 3000 out of 10,000 scholais. I have -asked;the bead masters'of 'these schools -to tell me in writing their opinion as.-tothe measure-in which they consider-this.ihstruc ; tion beneficial, and "appreciated by the parents and scholars and now quote- ftom all the courteous repliea rec=ived:—(A )—I don't give names.—“ Toe religious instruction has tended to produce on increased conscientiousness on the part of the children. The mtjorily of the parents seem desirous that their children should attend.', (B.) "The children have received good.. Parents do value, and the more tbonghtful of the children sine'ere'y ap preciate, the instruction given.”. (C.) “ Where the instruction has been given by those well qualified to give it, I believe the iniuence to have been beneficial.' The children are eager : to attend the classes of— and. -7 . The great difficulty, to my mind, is that of securing the ‘ services of regular and suitable instructors.” (D) "Moat refioiog influence at present, aud must have a beneficial influence in the future. .. Valued by the children most certainly, and by the parents also.” (E) Long experience has taught me to aet a high value upon such instruction, not only for its intrinsic im portance, but as' an aid to discipline. It giveß a tone to a Bchool that - nothing else can -give.. Some of the parents have spoken with approbation of the religious lessons imparted, and the pupils hive been deeply interested in them. When the lessons lapsed there was a general expression of disap pointment.” (F) "Good for the children, it cannot be otherwise. The religious teaching is' valued by the parents and the children.” (G.) “ When the classes.were .conduced without interruption I formed a favorable opinion of yieir usefulness. Am quite sure that au efficient teacher will be greatly valued by- the children.” (H.) "I believe the i.flueuce bene ficial, but the teachers too few—only one at present. As originally organised in 1881, the classes were valued by botb- pupile and parents, but owing to 'the removal of two of tho teachers, less, than one-third'now receive reli gious instruction, the others being dismissed.” (I.) “I think tbe religious instruction given hae a good effect,” But there are some 563 Stats schools with .60,400. children in our diocese, and if, ..evsnin Ballarat itself, only 9 or 10 out of 22 can be partially taught, for .want of the requisite number of persons at leisure for the work, bow can the needs of " bash" plac-s possibly be met on this plan ? Obviously, the State - school teachers themselves should be mads available, if willing, as suggested by the Education Commission. .A resolution io this Benßo will be submitted to you, and you will be further asked to protest against tbe ex cision and continued exclusion of tbe name of Christ from the scbocl books which, it is pleaded in behalf of tbe net, do teach "religion.” Resolution (/). —The altered etate of things has rendered our school board almost useless, as now regulated. It might be so re-constituted as to exercise far more in fluence over both Sunday and . day schools. Passing on to the bills—(1) only gives orderly effect te resolution (a); (2) only reatifiss certain details, and harmonises them with (1}; (3) makes tbe eußtentation fund capital available for loans to Bishopacourt or school trustees; (4) as ita special change abolishes all legal claim of clergy on their parishes for pepsionß. The act giving this claim, it is feared, is objec tionable in principle, .and it is found to be must unworkable in practice.. Bill (5) bas been summarised. It is in harmony with tbs general principle, commended by experience, that the management of diocesan property, is best entrusted to the council of the diocese, while the legal QBtate eho.uld be vested in a corporate body of diocesan trustees. Bril- (6) is rendered, unhappily, necessary by the state of Mr B iker’s health compelling him to aek to be relieved of his parish. Hu clergyman during a forty years’ ministry ever kept more unsullied his robaa-of office, or earued a more eiucere respect and aff- otion from bis bishop hnd those amoDgst whom ha ministered. (Applause.) The bill is the first instance of a proposal to draw a pension foraretiripg clergy man from the sustenance fund, which was accumulated more particularly (or other pur poses. It will be noticed, however, that the bill provides ' that the claim on that fund shill cease * ao eoun as the proper source of supply—tbe superannuation fund —is available for retiring allowances. Tbe assembly is. aware that two years at least must elapse before that time,' and it seems to me equally. impossible either, to insist oa a clergyman retaining .his -parish, who is ad mittedly unequal in strength to ita burden, or to aßk him to retire,' after 40 years of faithful and 'irreproachable service, without immediate pension. The ody third alterna tive seems to be the exceptional bill now brought in. I may mention that, at -the in stance of the council, twu commissaries reported on the whole Bubject, and, after con sultation with the parishioners of Buninyong, deliberately advised bringing in the bill as the only just and reasonable coarse under- the circumstances. Should our Superannuation Fund Act,, however, work as expected, the present bill ia likely ta be tbe last, as it is the first, of this particular kind. I regret, in connection with this matter, to inform, the assembly that oar bopeß of amalgamation with Melbonrne for superannuation purposes' are still in suspense. In pursuance of a resolu tion of .this bouse, the inter-diocesan 'com mittee considered the question, of-amalgama tion, and agreed to take the opinion of .'an eminent actuary on the terms. an which. it might safely be effected. After nearly a year’s consideration, tbe actuary baß reported, but bis report seems scarcely .to solve the problem submitted to him, and the inter idibessab com mittee is to be convened again to decide what to do with it. When it meets, I hope at-the same .time' to secure its , consideration ■- for a different, but in its place important,.topic—the adoption, of. a uniform practice Via. b'qth' diocessswith regard ti the solemnisation of mariiage. . \ OUB SPECIAL DIOCESAN NEEDS I are still, as far as .instrumentalities go, more \ ministers; and enure money for their modest 'stipends, and for building -churches, parson ages, and Sunday .schools. The supply rOl more men, of-(!)« -right-kind,-is probably the -most - argent of these needs. The colonial pastorate rrquires not ; mere commonplace agents, how ever ;well disposed and irreproachable, but men of real capacity, energy, hnd training, as well j as full of faith and. prayer and love. Oh; if tbe call, to arms in behalf of the motherland be so promptly and nobly responded to here, are there no moire among our choicer youth to volunteer for a yet loftier, service, and go forth “ hot to destroy men’slives,buttosave them.": I call very earnestly on this dioceas to send up i more recruits of this type than we have been : collating lately, for surely we should be leaning! Jess and' lest on. England for filliogthe' gaps' wbichsge . Qr,deathmakirig in our ranks, and strengthen the thin b’sp-1 of reapers plying, the Lord'seickle id .these: ran. and whitening har.yeat. fields, ./No .young obnrch : than of jtrue,capacity for pastorate. need go. farther, than our own dioceietobe’put i® the. way 'of training .fpr.,.tbe : .,mi™ or to find , noble opportanitiet work : when trained.* ’ a sufficiency -/ of;; good '■ elergy," Qodi helping; us,' we musf get; and if not ! from' among oar. own eons,' .then, •;if':possible, from acroßi the "aeaa. Two clergy should be cent to the eastern and westera-aides of tbe Otway Forest, now somewhat quickly populating; a .clergyman should.go aouth-west of.Cisterton; another to the Adelaide border at Lillimnr; another to the Ararat District; another.to the Dunkeld District';another to - thee Apsley Dis trict; and two more to help the Incumbent of : Brown Hills and the Vicar of St. Paul's, Bal larat East. In the last great parish,' consider, ing the population, anotherbeaides the mo'her church ought to be vigorously at worlc Surely there ought not to be any; doubt of a fair available income, in a diocese like this, to any clergymen who really understands, and sets himself.thoroughly to do,- “ tbe Lord’s work" among the people. Yet while I say this, I am ’bound to remind you that financial atraitnese has crippled- us greatly. Our diocesan funds are scrupulously economised, but I am within the mark in ones ; more naming £3500. of working income, nnd £35,000 of working capi tal, as our absolute requirement. We still, lack some hundreds even of the £30,000 which I had hoped for by this time. True, we have made marked progress lately, ' Al though I cannot speak accurately for want of I complete parochial re'urns, I' think we must have raised £21,500 of parochial, as distinct from diocesan, income; which exceedß by many, hundreds any previous returns.' And I am thankful to notice that in such collections as those for the olergy widow and orphans’ fund, Ballarat is only some 12 per cent behind the far more populous and wealthy sister dio cese. But the .church people of Western Victoria aa a' whole-have not -“ put on f tbeir strength” aa yet in tbe way of giving. Per haps it is for want of more systematic in formation and appeals. May'our good. Fina ncial Commissary supply what is wanting! (Hear, hear, and applause). BUT IS THE FAITH WE TEACH A "SUPER- STITION?” Such is tbe deliberate allegation of a second of our Supreme Court judges, following the example set by Mr Justice Higiubotbam nearly two/years ago. The lecture of . the latter was: promptly met by a reply from the pen of my brother of . Melbourne—se candid, so direct, bo philosophical, and so convincing that (as I \- think) less injury than confirmation has pro bably accrued to the faith of the Christum Church from tbe controversy, Mr . Justice- Williams’ Unitarian brochure seems to me Les original and striking; and while I have not a bitter or contemptuous word to say about the pamphlet or its writer, the latter will excuse me if I avow my impression, in the same frank way in which he has expressed his own confi dence in the impending vanishment-of church teaching, that the - truly Catholic Christian doctrines will survive in the future, as they have done in the past, severer assaults tbau that which this book directs. against them. (Hear, bear, and applause ) I may remark that I entirely dissent from those who would obj.-ct to tbe public treatment of .questions of faith by non- professional theologians.. (Hear, bear,) I am right glad when such persons interest themselves in these. The leading issues of religion are not only, the ' most important of all topics, but the..most universal in their urgent concern for all earnest then, and the least conditioned for their appreciation by tbe need of merely technical training and know ledge. But, on the other hand,'the responsi bility is tremendous of those who address them selves to the public discrediting of prevalent religious teueta which they think erroneous; aud scrupulous accuracy and candour of state ment aud inference are essential ip euoli an enterprise. In the same way candour and acouracy should characterise nil criticism of such utterances. If Mr Justice Williams is right, this assembly had better at once kaow and freely own it. In that case it would be as sacred s duty.for us to discontinue the church's work in our diocese, as with our present belief it is to prosecute it with the intensest vigour. But does Judge Williams really prove his case. The judge's contention is that the Trinity, the Incarnation, and the Atonement are “ mere crude superstitions.” Herein, I.may observe in passing, he differs from Mr Matthew Arnold, whom he quotes with evident admiration, and who writes "It is a maintainable thesis, that the theological dogmas of the Trinity,' the Incarnation, and Atonement, underlie the whole Bible.” Let us examine a chapter of- this book, say the first, which is fairly reprerentative of the rest. In it the judge deals with the Trinity— a doc trine which he admits is allowed by all Chris- tian bodies except the Unitarians. ' (He adds that the Moravians do not affirm it, but id this he is scarcely accurate. Their doctrine on this point is that of the confession of Augs burg; it is described in official documents of tbe British Parliament as agreeable to the 39 articles—it is embodied in their Litany for Easter Day). Now, a tenet held as funda mental by nearly all Christians for so many centuries and taught and defended by multi tudes of the ablest, most learned and holiest of men, even if a “ superstition," could hardly be a ” more crude” one—“crude” meaning, I presume, unripe, unconsidered, inexact, unin telligent. Surely crudeness may rather be predicated of such mistaken statements of Trinitarian belief as the following:—"The Church of England" holds “ that the God head cousists of (sic) three distinct persons;” ’ the orthodox” believe “ that there are three who reign in heaven as God?;” the churches all call the third God the Holy Ghost, not the Spirit, or the Holy Spirit.” Or of sweeping assertions such as these:—“ The four gospels are absolutely inconsistent with, and expressly disaffirm," “are equally destitute of traces of” " this doctrine; which indeed is known histori cally to have been the growth of a long subse quent age” (the fact being that the doctrine is mentioned by name as a familiar element in church teaching by the Christian fathers of the second century); "the reader who will only take the trouble to examine them will find that the doctrine is nowhere even obscurely alluded to. 'This is equally true of the rest of the New Testa ment." " We' find declaration after declaration absolutely opposed to any such notion.” “It appears waste of labor to prove that the spirit is throughout the Bible regarded as a spiritual emanation from the Father,” “ part and parcel of the God.” Let us how examine some of the arguments and inferences on which suob strong assertions nre based. They will need, I think, very little comment before this audi ence. “(1.) According to the Bible there ie one God, and beside Him no other; the reli gion of the Bible is monotheistic;” " the satis factory affirmation of (1), it will be readily seen, must be fatal to the doctrine of the Trinity." Again—"Is it not highly incredible that the God who was unceasingly in commu nication with judges and prophets, often on trivial subjects, should have omitted during so many hundreds of years to mention so im portant a circumstance, made no mention of God the Son, or of the Spirit as being any thing distinct and separate from God Him self?” . “ Would it be unreasonable, to expect that, assuming the existence of a triumvirate in Heaven, Jesus should have stated the nature of its functions' in unmistakeable terms?” "If Christ be the son of God as to his divine nature,” here the writer quotes with emphatic endorsement Dr Adam Clarkej " he cannot be eternal', for Son implies gene ration, and generation implies time in which it is effected, and time also antecedent to such generation.” Again, in answer to an alleged argument for. Christ’s Deity (I never saw it advanced) drawn, from the title “Redeemer;" " The title Redeemer is never applied to Jesus throughout the New Testament, but to the Father,", ‘‘and to Him alone." How, it is matter of faot that 'the aotuar title “Re deemer" occurs nowhere in our New Testament; but. the work of. redemption : is invariably attributed therein to Jesus Christ. Let us next see how the judge disposes of the texts, ‘The Word, was in the beginning with God,’ ‘all things were made by Him;" to regard the expression as referring to Jesus would make Jesus co-eternal and co-equal with God, which is incompatible with Bible teaching." “ Even some orthodox divines, amongst them Dr Lid don,/speaking of the Logos, construe it to mean ‘The Thought of God,’ something not either external to or independent of-the one God (see Liddon’s Bampton Lectures), ’ The u.ue conception of it by Greek philosophy was that of the power, or force, or energy of God; it nearly resembles the view held by Dr lad don.” A reference to. pp 228, 229 of the " Lectures ” (ed. 1868), containing the whole passage referred to, will show, I think, that the use here made of it is entirely unwarrant able. No Trinitarian holds that, the Divine Word is “something external to' the one God;” and Canon Liddon assuredly does, not, - that it means the impersonal “ power, force,' or energy of God," Again; ‘Baptising them into the name- of the Father and of the''Son and' of the Holy Ghost.” “It is considered highly improbable that Jesus after His death should have used the words. Mr Matthew Arnold makes the following observa ‘ lion It is not' the leut like what Jesue »«i io the habit ‘ of saying. The "genuine charge wasr almost certainly, -As my Father sent me.so send I you. So that our three creeds are founded upon' words which Jesus in all probability never uttered.’’’Next let us ponder the’ texts quoted, as incompatible, with, the doctrine of the Trinity,’ ' ‘“'Why callest thou me good ? there is none good but one,- : that is the God.’ ” The Judge remarks ’ the expression in the Greek version (? original) is ‘the God which, as will be observed, has not been faithfully translated." " 'My God and your God ' 'The head of Christ is- God.’ 'There is one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus.' ‘Not my will, but Thine,- be done.’ .* All things are deliv ered unto me of my Father.’ Out of twenty-: two texts thus quoted, fourteen either simply-.' proclaim the unity of God, , which no Trini tarian questions, or else are instances' of ‘ God being called ‘ Saviour ’ or ' Redeemer,' which, if Jesuß saves and-redeeins men (and the New Testament unquestionably asserts this), can scarcely disprove His Deity. The remaining eight imply that 'limitation of power and knowledge in Christ which would be a neces sary feature in the dual nature of the God Man in whom the Church believes, and thus are in harmony with, and cer tainly cannot disprove, the incarnation. Such are the judge’s main arguments. Bare, lastly, is his opinionof the translators of the Bible, ' Speaking of the expression "Holy Ghost," be says, - “the - translators having adopted the word ‘ Ghost,’ as carrying, with it a more mystic sound, were forced to add an adjective where no adjective existed in the original, and there was only one that could be euphoniously added, viz-, ‘ Holy.”’ No evi dence is tendered in support of this singular statement.- Again, referring to the very familiar interpolation, long ago exposed and’ discarded by Church of England divines, in 1 John, v. 7 (‘There are three tliat bear record in heaven’), be says, “ even the ortho dox committee (one was a Unitarian) have in the revised version without word or commeut omitted this verse;" and onoe more referring to 1 John iit., 16 ('Hereby perceive we (the), love (of God) because He laid down His life for .us'), the revised version has been forced 1 to omit these words, but in silence and with no marginal note." The suggestion plainly ' made, that the revisers were guilty of cowardly disintegrity, betrays an utter misconception. Not only were they not bound to comment on texts, they were bound not to do so. The judge adds, but without offering any proof whatever, "Trinitarian translators have inserted words not existing in the so-called original—the forlorn hopes of the doctrine of the Trinity." I have now examined the. first chapter of the judge’s book, and we have no time for more. In quoting,-1 have' shortened and combined, but in no case altered the author’s language' or meaning. . I do not think it requisite to recite jo. feplyj' before- this' audience at any rate, the positive proofs .of the doctrine thus, assailed. ; I venture to ' think- intelligent churchmen .will agree with me that Judge Williams, for whom personally and in regard to his dignified office I have dothing but-what is respectful to say, Is scarcely a trustworthy guide as to the real teaching of the Church, .or the true bearing of texts of Scripture. (Ap plause) But let us never forget that the Church's best answer to the scepticism of the age is lees controversial argument than prayer and work, "Scepticism is a spirit, and must be m-t by a spirit of a different nature and stronger than itself.” “This kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.” There are some splendid passages on this point in an address of the late elcqnent Thomas Jones to the Congregational Union. After remarking* with truth, that Christianity, has never been fully embodied in the character of the Church, he pleads that Christians should have justice; and the Church is entitled, in some measure at any rate, to answer the sceptical spirit of the age in the words of Christ, “ Though ye believe not me, believs the works." It was ecclesiastical synods, truly observes the Bishop of Newcastle, which led the way to our national parliaments; and (in a.sermon before tbe New South Wales Synod, well worth study ing) the bishop shows how in such matters as the care of deserted children, and the foundation of hospitals, the authority oi Church Assem blies was the inceptive, force, in the early centuries of our era. In Anglo-Saxon times, slaveiy largely disappeared before tbe efforts of the church, the usual place for liberating bondsmeu being the altarjor church-porch and the emancipation recorded on the margin of the gospel-book. More than a thousand years ago a great council at Westminster Abbey forbade the sale of slaves, while , the Council of Clermont it was that secured the oh efvahce of the “ Truce of God”, from Wednesday to Monday in European Christendom. The decisions of three ancient Synods on the right of the people to primary education, are match’ and by the fact that the home literature aDd culture was in the chnroh, even in the ages often stigmatised as dark. It iB no less true, at any rate, in these days as well aS those, that if there be any' one institution among mankind entitled in any degree to the lofty name " The Light of the World," “The Salt of the Earth,” it is that whose members are so designated by the Preacher on the Mount. Broadly Bpeaking, men will be for the church when they find and feel that she is for them. She may fairly ask to be judged aB we judge of an orchard tree, not by the withered branches, tbe misgrowtha and excrescences, bat by tbe kiud of fruit she by nature tends to bear; and mankind will in the long ran not mistake that for thorn and thistle, of which they gather grapes an and figs. CONCLUSION. Prayer and work 1 Like the monk's two fold scapulary, it must be tbe Church's constant wear. If work, iu its outward arrangements, unavoidably engross most, of the assembly’s session, and of the address which opens it, let us remind ourselves that our daily morning service and meditation during this week repre sent tbe more essential side of the church's life, the devotional. *‘ Without Me, ye can do nothing." If tempted to forget it, the passing away this very morning from the midst of ua of one of our oldest and best known members will surely suffice to be our solemn remem brancer of the paramount importance of the spiritual and eternal side of human things 1 I can hardly trust myself to speak uf Mr Caselli; one of most loving, loyal, warm hearted, consistent, and benevolent churchmen and citizens in all Victoria ! How dear be was to us—l may almost say to every ooe of u-1 (Hear.J How had he preserved the . freshness :and enamel of -youth into bis rips aud ..radiant maturity! Why, this mao’s late autumn of life was brighter and cheerier than most men’s spring time. And wherein lay the secret of the magnetism of his character 1. O, as with anr Gordons, and our Sladens, and our Lewises, it was nothing else than the fear of Gud aDd the faith of Jesus, and tbe lnve for men that always flows from these when deep and strong. May our souls be bound in the bundle dear departed brother. Mr Caaelli’s removal makes a vacancyin tbe council and on the ’board of electors. I have detained you at unusual, length, with I fear, . a tedious address, but, after nine years’a acquaintance with- thiß assembly, “ Were Its faults as thick as dust ' In vacant chambers, I could trust Yoar kindness.” . I now declare the session opened. Let us address ourselves with energy to our important labours; and Lord, ‘prosper thou our handi work.’ ”. (Loud and continued apptause.) Papers. . A statement of.expenditure and acts of the Bishop in Council, report of Bishop’s Residence Committee,.and report, of.School Board, &c;, were laid on the table. ■ . : Order o* Procedure. The Rev. E. S. Redcliff moved—l. “ That during tbe present session this assembly meet every week-day, except Saturday and Monday, at balf-piißt 3 o’clock p.m.; that it ndjoarn at 6 o’clock, and meet again at 7 p m " 2. “That at r tbe. afternoon sittings the orders of the day tike precedence of notices of motion, and that any. debato in progress when the assembly adjourns at 6 shall in the. evening be postponed until, the notices o£ motion have .been disposed oi.”—Agreed to. .. Welcome to Dr Linton. . ' , Archdeacon Cooper asked permission to send a telegram of welcome to'Dr L : nton, Bishop oi Riverina, .welcoming him on his arrival in Ur:-}-' bourne.—Granted. Christ Church and a Cathedral. Mr H. D. Crne-moved—"Tost its ' the opinion of this assembly it is desirable; t» eon* aider whether., advantage should be' iakenof tlis purposed re-building . of CbrisV Church, Ballarat; to erect, if practicable, acjiihedral on that site; and that a select committee consist ing of persons to be named appointed 'to advise the Bssembly as to the'advisability of the project and, if feasible, tb* best method sf accomplisbingjt.’’ ? lx "' Mr R. H.. Bland seconded the motion: Rev R T. Cummins said tbe question re quired .serious..consideration. Ha rejoiced to know that Christ Church was ,In a very pros perous condition, bat scarcely, thought it Was such as to warrant ’ them in; erecting suqh a building. Again* it; would he prejudicial to the funds of the diocese. • They were appeal ing- earnesHy for--assistance, and, : under the dronatttwjqas, be did not think : U de'air-* •bla to »pp»»i to thej; people JFor fundi for a Dose.tbething, but would ssk theasaembly. earnestly to consider. what they were doing. ArchdeaßonßeamightbonghtthßiSOODer the proposed irork wii; placed before •■ tne people the better. ■ (Applause# The ereotion of a cathedral inthe. metropolitan diocese had been postponed too; long,', and be hoped they would uot'mafeo the same mistake in this dio cese;. He held that cathedra! building wae the proper church work of rich been. If a plan was distinctly placed before the people it would farther; the movement,- ■ , . Archdeacon Julias considered it well, at \- that etage, to -lay before the assembly what might be said to be the views of the Christ Church vestry.: Christ Church at ptesent was very fill, and it seemed as if it would soon require to be' enlarged-.lt' was a badly-built building, and it was thought that/.haviDg a Pro Cithedral, they might join together and build a portion of a cathedral. Be should be very‘sorry to see. a large building run up. on a large debt. Christ Christ did not come to the diocese cap in hand r for they were in a position to do the enlargement, but thought they could work with the diocese,; and so have a cathedral inetead ! ola Pro Cathedral. He was fairly sure those- who gave to the cathedral would not give one penny less ,to the constant fund. It was a mistake to build r cathedral all at once. The Roman Catholics appeared to be right in the way in which they were building their cathedral in Melbourne. He hoped the proposal would be so far advanced aB the appointment of a select committee, and that the- whole- matter wonld be threshed put. . Mr G J. Jones moved,, aa an amendment “That in the-opinion of this Assembly it is desirable to erect a oathedral, and that a committee, consisting of persons to be named be appointed to advise the-Assembly as to the best method of accomplishing such object;, also, to ascertain who of:our. wealthy mem bers will subscribe, and what, amount, the committee to report to the bishop in council." Rev. H. W. H. Adeoeyaaid the time "had not yet come for building 'a cathedral. (Hear, hear.) • It wbs anew idea t)-> build a cathe ’dra) to supply a pariah church, and -he scarcely-knew if the site of Christ Church' was suitable for a cathedral. . He thought, a cathedral should' be higher up Smrt Btfeef,' probably above the Catholic Cathedral. Mr W. Robertson seconded the amendment, and in doing so stated hedid not think Chriat Church was: a suitable: site for. a cathedral.- The piece of ground on which it stood had been undermined, and only a short distance' from where it stood; the ground had all - been taken out completely. Bid they wish to build a . large church to accommodate all the parishioners—east, west, north, and south I He was. delighted to have Archdeacon Julius, here, but did not want him to empty all tbeir churches. Archdeacon,Cooper moved the adjournment of the debate for the purpose of introducing several bills before the close of the - sitting. The motion was carried. ' TBUSTEBS- Archdeacon Cooper moved V (1) That this assembly deßires that a corporate body of trustees, consisting of ,fivei be, constituted for the purpose of holding property in trust for the benefit of the church within the di-icese.” (2.). “That*,the bishop of the diocese, the chancellor of the diocese, the Archdeacon■ of Ballara*-;. and Messrs Brind, Bland, and Gaunt be trustees and the first menibers'of the said corporation.” (3.J “ That such trustees be incorporated under tlie name of ‘ The Ballarat Diocesan Trustees.' ” Arch deacon Beamish seconded the motion, which was adopted. Bills- Archdeacon Cooper moved for leave to in* traduce:.— A. Bill to Authorise the Payment of j an Annuity of £lOO a year, out of the Suaten tatioo and Church Extension Fund to the Reverend Louis- Al-xander Baker; a Bill to Amend the Su»tentarion Fond Act; a Bill to j Amend the Patronage Act; a- Bill to Provide Rules relative to the Ballarat Diocesan Trus tees'Corporation; a Bill to Amend the Trus tees and Vestries Act of 1881; and a Bill to ] Amend the Law providing far the Management and Application of the Ballarat Bishopric Endowment Fund. Leave was granted, the bills were read a first time, and the second reading fixed for to day. '■ NOTICES- Off- M OTION. Several notices of moiioOß were given, and the assembly was adjourned until 11 30 to day. The proceedings terminated with the benedic tion, pronounced by the president. 