THeE OAK. IN a growing oak notice will be taken of the outward spreading of the stem at its base; of the rugged bark; of the curiously tortuous branchlets, twisting in zigzag fashion almost rec tangularly towards every point of the compass, owing to the central shoots becoming abortive ; and of the uniquely waving outline of the yellowish-green leaves. The leaves generally make their first appearance in the south of England towards the end of April, when the young shoot blush with a ruddiness almost autumnal; and, if at all sheltered from the glare of July and August, from the time when the ashy bark is first draped in foliage, a constant succession of the pink and bronze-tinted glories of the young leaf. age is kept up in our moist summers till late in autumn, when the first formed leaves are beginning to change. Then the green loses its olive-yellow tints for clear gold, mottled with clear grass green, fading to the sober pallid russet which lasts through the winter. This indescribable hue has none of the cop pery richness of the dead leaves of beech, nor the warm amber of the horse chestnut ; it is a gray ghost of a brown that has been. The catkins appear shortly after the leaves ; the male ones peginlous, the female erect. The for mer are two or three inches long, bear ing at intervals stalkless clusters of in conspicious flowers, each consisting of a six or seven-lobed calyx and ten ste mens. The female flowers, oq the other band, are solitary, each being surround ed by the numerous overlapping scales, or "bracts," which afterwards form the cop. .The flower itself is but the ovary enclosed by the adherent calyx, divided internally into three chambers, and sur mounted by a triple style-the minia. turefleur- de.lys on the sceptre of the forest king. In each chamber there are two ovules ; and it is a noteworthy fact that from these six only one is matured into the single seed that every acorn contains. A similar circumstance occurring in the case of palms, and of other trees, suggests the explanation that perennial plants, trees prb' especi ally, require to produce fewer seeds in order td ensure the perm?aqen of the species than do qn~qals; whose i(divi dqal eNistence ga sq mauy times shorter. Familiar Trees. At a college examination a professor asked: -" Does any question embarrass yous" "Not at all, sir," replied the stu dent; "not at aUll. Itis quite clear. It is the answer that bothers me." THE CANADIAd GOVERNtMEdT has, it is announced, reserved a large quantity of land near Whitewood, in the district of Assinibois, Canadian North-west, for the settlement of a certain number of Swiss Families, who will enter upoi the manufacture of cheese. The leader, Dr. Myers, is to expend not less than 3000 dols. in the establishment of a dairy on the Swiss method. Operations will be begun in Ite spring of 1886. Railway constrct ion was never more brisk in the province of Manitoba than it is now. Large consignments of materials have lately been leaving every day for the South-Western extension, Regina and Long Lake line, and the Manitoba and North-Western Railway. Grading on the South-Western is being rapidly pushed forward, and will be completed by the specified time. 