" ONE-THIRD. '(The Queen.) FOR the most part the Third who joins the Two is to be pitied. I The old adage about two being company and three none holds good for those unfortunates who take the place of an interloper and fulfil the office of a wedge. ,," J. and thou my dear, share the World between us. We are blessed in each other, and want no kind of magnet which should draw us a hair's breadth apart Still less do we desire to see approach the divid- ing shadow cast by a Third. When He or she, that foreign body, insinuates itself between us, we suffer, and because of the frailty of the flesh we make that foreign body suffer too. We loftily snub and go near to insult him disdainfully repel and pettishly rebuke her and we do not give either even the palest reflection of the smiles we lavish like sunlight on each other. I and thou my dear what want we with Him or Her V So the poor unwelcomed Third is chastised for the elemental vice of his existence and it is accounted to him for sin that a human body of flesh and blood and haply a large amount of adipose tissue" into the bargain, cannot make itself transparent like glass, or invisible like a ghost. ' s There are even lower depths to be reached than that created by irritable disclaimers against unwelcome intrusion. There is the depth of absolute exclusion into which the Third may be hurled by the lofty overlook- ing and contemptuous ignoring of the Two who are aggrieved by his presence. As in- significant as a ladybird on a rose bush, but as noxious as a sail on a cabbage leaf, the unlucky Third is made to feel himself the object of both disdain and dislike. If only he could be brushed off like that ladybird flung over the garden wall like that small 1 But there he stands-some hundredweight of solid, smiling substance and the only possible weapon of offence is that of not recognising that he is there at all. The gooseberry picker,- whose presence among the bushes makes it possible for young lovers to eat the fruit, is the type of that in- significant Third, whose personality becomes doubtful to his very face. He has no more individuality than a scarecrow in the fields his or her apt symbol. His presence is useful merely to drive away the scouts of scandal-the Uhlans of Mrs. Grundy's formidable forces just as the bundle of , rags' with a battered old hat on the top and a pipe stuck where the mouth should be is set up to frighten away the crows from the corner For himself he is a thing of nought. PorT her let her be clad in gorgeous raiment, such as Worth alone could devise, yet she is but a scarecrow in all the essentials of her 1 presence-all the functions she is called on to fulfil 1 Again the Third-this time as a referee, a judge, between the belligerent Two., When private warfare is conducted with some amount of temper and common-sense, > that, office of the judicial Third is not so 'very onerous. When there is no temper. left, save what is bad, and no sense to speak of in the way of justice or right reason, then that Office is as heavy as a load of lead strapped the shoulders of a man who has to swim through the angry breakers over the bar and on to the safe shore. He is not, wanted as a judge by either; only as a partisan by both. He is not to allow the least line of reason or justice to A. ;! and he must find B. hopelessly and helplessly wrong throughout. As this is not possible, and as the whole question resolves itself into a balance, so much wrong to A and so much with a scantling over to B he offends both and makes a friend of neither. Had he flung his conscience to the four winds of heaven, calculated the best chances for himself by this advocacy or that judgment, and gone in for one only of the two, he would have made one friend and one enemy. But he would have been careful to apportion according to power, and so would have minimised the evil for himself. As it is being a just man, who weighs and measures according to righteousness, he falls between the two stools, in obedience to the i old saying and both fall on the top of him- their sharp angles set fair into his flesh. The Third as a visitor to whom snappish spouses appeal, has a position to which dancing on hot plates, and a cushion stuffed full of thorns, are the mild analogues. That Third is timid-is sincerely fond of j both like the husband the better of the' two, but is afraid of the wife who has the power and holds the key of the door : sees that She is in the wrong, but knows that if the vote is given in favour of the poor henry pecked man She will soon make an end of the present visit and all further friendship ; sees that He is in the wrong but dare not' declare for Her, under pain of arousing a jealousy which would be as deadly as ridiculous. So there it is, and the poor tortured. Third has to effect a bluff kind of concilia- tion which deceives nobody and pleases as little as it deceives-or a gentler sort of soothing which makes the husband call her a humbug and the wife a mean sneaking flatterer, and both wish they had been ill with a quinsy before they had asked her to the house at all, or sought her co-operation' for peace and justice when she had come. But think what that poor Third feels under the trial ! When we realise haply by experience on our own side-all that he feels or she suffers, we must compassionate both for a pain of far more intensity than appears on the surface. There is another kind of Third, of an infinitely more tragic "paste" than that of which those we have been considering are made-the Third who breaks into the Julia Loss of a confessed love, and who divides the two lives already welded, by promise of love or by fact of marriage, into one. This is a graver kind of interloper than he who merely hitches his chair at the back of yours, when you are talking to an agreeable friends than he who disperses by his stolid smiling substance the golden mists of paradisaea content which love and solitude have woven round you and your adored. Your lines had fallen in pleasant places, and the stars in your sky were bright as suns. You loved with all the force of your being, and you were loved, so you 1 '"believed, as truly as you loved. The sequel proved your mistake for when there came into your horizon that fatal Third, your enchanted castle melted away into the air, and that which had been as stable as the i everlasting hills became a mere mirage in the desert, which vanished and left you desolate. Like a cold blast coming from the north and withering the fairest flower that ever grew in Eden, the presence of that Third works your rum and brings your death. He is richer than you-and she, she is weak to wealth and afraid of v poverty ! He is more attractive personally, -as a better manner, more physical grace, more beauty of face, more readiness of speech. Yes, you see and acknowledge all that. But is his heart more loyal than yours is his constancy more assured ?-. will he be as tender as you would be to all her failings as gentle to her weaknesses I was grateful for her virtues 1 And in the daily wear and tear of domestic life do not all outside superficial beauties get dulled and tarnished, while the real things of the mind and heart not only remain intact but increase by use Î How to convince a woman ~ was Mention is not so good a basis for ~ happiness as respect that personal charm is not so lasting as moral quality ? You can- not do what you will. And how to hold a woman to her word when her heart has gone from you and is ianthe keeping of another war If you are the honest man you pass for you must letter go. The Third, the interloper, has come in between you, and there is no help for it. Vae sides ! And herein are you the conquered I-When she introduced her friend, how little she knew what that friend would do It was the Third certainly, but what a dear, sweet, sympathetic Third I She would make another point of sunlight-add a rose to the pleasant posy-braid a silken strands among the golden threads. It would be a delightful addition ; like a spoonful of cream to a handful of sweets; and the echo of the wedding bells, not so long silenced, would be all the more melodious for her sweet and silvery note. So she came, this charming Third and when she went she carried the young wife's happiness in her pocket, and robbed her of it for ever. She had killed that fair child Love who, before her advent had sat at the hearth and filled the home with living light. That hearth is deserted now, and the light has passed into the un- ending blackness of sorrow and despair ; all because of that fatal Third-the spirit of evil who came clad in shining garments the harbinger of Death, who skipped gaily forward among the flowers and blighted as she trod. And there is still another Third-that small round rosy creature who ( lies like a bird in its nest laughing up from the' downy cushions where it sleeps in peace and wakes to joy. What change has come into the house since that precious Third first cried out to the world " I' live !" . How it has enlarged all the boundaries of life and multiplied its affections-how it has added to its duties which are joys to its joys which are feared, to its hopes, where the shadow cast is fear, to its fears which would be intolerable save for the sunny rifts torn in the cloud by hope 1 What dreams are woven round that cradle I ' What prayers are breathed, what sweet ideals are whispered to the un- seen influences by which life is shaped ! He is to be faultless ; she is to be perfect. He will take up his father's life, and carry it forward and yet higher ; she will repeat her mother's charms and good- ness in yet fuller quantity and more completed grace. The example of the elders ' shall be always without flaw-the imitation is to be wrought shall be always without deviation. In that sleeping child lies the world's future hero-the gracious, genius of the future home. In that sweet smiling ( Third the husband and the wife > find a: closer bond not in any sense a dividing wedge ; and>year by year the bond grows] firmer, and draws them ever closer and nearer, as she sees in their child the image ] of his nobility, he the reflection of her virtues and both recognise how in that fair life they twain have indeed become one flesh. 