IRoveUst- PISODES IN THE LIFE OF A MILLIONAIRE ORINORA. CHAPTER XXXI. of Habey had simply strolled away from the party without any particular object, except his general weariness. He was becoming exceedingly tired of everything and everybody. The sweets had clayed him. He was one whoBe game was human, and here the quarry was very limited. So far he had paid little -attention to the natives, though no doubt he "would soon have to take up with them. He ielt that he oould have amused himself for a considerable period with Orinora, whose fresh, piquant nature charmed him, but he had for come time acknowledged there was no hope in that quarter. John Morden was not a man to be trifled with; neither was Herbert, when his blood was roused. He had for some time thought something would come out of Paranoa's meditated treachery, but when he reflected carefully over it, he saw the proB yects of a change were remote. Nothing was eft for him, therefore, but to make the best f circumstance. Perhaps after all a chance }f escape would arise, and he would be res- , cored to the world he loved so welL H6 certainly wished he was safe back in Melbourne, for the strange tremors of the island began ' i give him disquiet. These islands had been orn of the volcano : might they not be sud denly destroyed by the same dread agency ? Thinking in this desultory manner, Harry walked through the marvels of the vegetation. A Mueller or Guilfoyle would have gone crazy over the wonders of the vegetable world, but to Harry they were dumb. He had walked on for some time, when his attention was ataracted by a figure half concealed in a bush which appeared to be looking intently at something. Harry recognised the figure as Paranoa, and wondered what he was watching. He soon concluded, however, that the lovers were the objects of his attention. When Harry caught Bight of Paranoa's face he was quit9 startled, so full of fiendish passions it was. Hell was engraved on that dark, hand some face. Harry oould not help shuddering. Suddenly Paranoa bounded away as if struck by something, and rushed past Harry. Impelled by the moment's ouriosity, Harry followed fcfter Paranoa. But Harry was not a good forester, while Paranoa was, the result being that before long Harry had to stop and (to confess himself lost. How to return to the party he could not tell. He thought it would be best to seek some .spot from which he oould view the lake, when lie would be able to strike for the shore. But this was easier to determine upon than to execute. The under-growth was very strong, while the palms threw a shade almost like twilight. At this time, too, the streamers that had been thrown aoroBB the sky from the •clouds on the horizon had become more than veil, and so darkened the sun that it only fcjtrew a sickly light. Harry was brave, and did not lose his courage. He knew once the alarm spread that he was lose the natives would soon find him. Still, in the meantime the consequences would he very unpleasant. A terrible tropical storm was evidently coming on, and to be alone amid the rage of the elements would be a fearful experience. Do what he could, Harry could not get on to a ledge from which he could see the lake ; .even if he had he would have been lost the .moment he again pushed into the forest. ;Soon~the darkness became so great that he <43uld hardly see anything. With no defined idea he pushed on, listening for any sound £hat would guide him. Occasionally the earth would quake, and a faint rumble would follow. Then Harry's cheek would blanch, atidjhe awful tuought that he might be overwhelmed and swallowed up would for the moment unman him. Not that fear of the future or any religious idea affected him. He only (dreaded the loss of this life, the only thing of value, the thing that gave him all the pleasure -he knew or cared for. How long he wandered in the mazes of this .primeval forest he did not know. The darkness grew and grew until it became inky. If lie moved about it was only with that animal instinct that makes the wild beast pace its •den before the bars. Repeatedly he laid down and rested, but the darkness, which, to use an •old expression, oould be felt, became so terribly oppressive that he rose up and resumed' ills wanderings. AtlaBt, thoroughly exhausted, and becoming aware that the great storm was about to break, he laid down under a thick shrub, which was on the edge of an open space. Na- Jmre was so exhausted, that, before he knew, he was last asleep. A disturbed sleep it was, peop^sd with the moBt terrible figures. Now he thought he was on the eliff, and that Para- 1 .noah anc? the natives, under the direction of John Mora were about to cast over. Down, down, he fell, to find himself in the outlet whirlpool- Then all became dark, and the dream ended to be succeeded by a vision -all lightning and flame. The island was upheaved in the midst of this terrible pyrotechnic display, and then sank under the waters, and all became dark.. Suddenly he thought on the edge of this fearful gloom there began to {glow a light, lurid, red, and advancing. He struggled, he woke, and beheld a scene as strange as any in his dream. Only a few paces from him, under a mighty palm, stood a group of masked figures, arrayed in strange .garb, and holding torches of resinous wood. To them, across the open spaces, were coming .many figures similarly attired, and with torches. The hideous masks made Harry at first almost think he was witness to an assemblage of devils, but his imaginative mind soon concluded this was a meeting of the rebellious, islanders, in the garb and masks Morden had suppressed, held to hatch their treason and to celebrate the rites of the -Old worship. His conclusion was soon made siear to be right, for Paraooa, with a wild face and streaming hair, bounded across she t >pen space and made up to the group of figures under the palm. What he communicated Harry could not catch, but it was evidently something of great moment, for ^very person executed a leap of joy and saved the torches and shouted. To Harry it seemed that Dante's hell, as illustrated by Dor£, had been let loose. Harry had never seen on the stage, in paintings, or in real life, anything so weird ind impressive. In front of the central *roup extended circle after circle of wild, mcouth figures, whose horrible masks, painted in a style adapted to strike terror, ivith fishes' teeth, and many of them with colored glass or jasper for eyes, were a perfect nightmare. A background of impenetrable •^loom set off the picture, and its lurid lights, with a silhouette vividity that would have been a revelation even to Dor<5. Soon, however, it became more than a picture. At a signal the whole mass got into motion and repeated several movements. As each platoon came up to the group under the palm they bowed almost to the earth, and 'vhe silence was broken by a wild and terrible, but musical shout of— Ai laianora, airah ora, Ai laianora ah; Mai kaialora, nairah nora, Kai kaialora Bah— Marambola, Marambola, nah ? Marambola, Marambola, mah ? The group inclined their heads but made no reply. When this ceremony was finished the assemblage became like statues, and the silence was unbroken, save by the almost inaudible hiss of the torches, like so many serpents. A few minutes elapsed, then the earth dhook. A hollow rumble, like a groan followed, and then a distant lightning illuminated, for a second, the ghastly scene, turning the torches into spectral lights. It was succeeded by a darkness deeper than ever. _ The earthquake and lightning seemed the signal. There at once burst from the multitude a weird march air. It was to a great extent a monotone. The first and third verses were sung in a deep tone by the basses ; the second and fourth by the tenors, who made the words ring with a mighty accent on the third and seventh syllables: Boom, boom, boom, bar a boom— Maramara, Maramara Boom, boom, boom, bara boom Karatara, Earatara ? Speak, speak, speak, oh Bpeak— We hear thee, we hear thee; . Speak, speak, speak, oh speak— Earatara, Earatara 1 By nature Harry was disposed to ridicule everything, the theatre for him possessed little attraction, except the actresses and dances he laughed at the clumsy attemps at illusion, the stimulated emotions of the actors. But before this real scene, so full of passion, so fraught with something terrible to come, Harry's ridicule vanished. He became aware there was nothing unreal in this and that before long he would become an actor in a very disagreeable drama : he would have to leave his place in the auditorium and take hiB part on the boards. A wave of the hand on the part of the principle figure of the group beneath the palm, a tall and commanding man, at once bowed the multitude in attention. Henry Allan spoke: in English this time for the younger portion of the assemblage understood that tongue better, as the old language of the is land had been to a great extent proscribed and only English was taught in the schools established by Morden. ">The signal has come at last," said Henry Allan; " the harvest is ready. Paranoa, the son of your lost Princess, has this day des troyed the demon's witch implements and we can now land upon his isle without fear. In the boat below are. the fire-weapons upon which he relied." A terrible shout answered this announcement; a shout so full of demoniac bloodthirstiness that Harry's blood almost froze He now heard for the first time the terrible cry of the human tiger, that cry that which which there is nothing so awful in the world; that cry that was heard day and night once in the streets of Paris; that cry that echoed in the Colosseum of Rome; that cry that was heard in Carthage: 't Cyprian ad leones 1" "Earatara has returned to his land this night," said the high priest, inclining his head; " he is in the thick darkness, the heavy clouds, the earthquake, the lightning. His eye will flash sppon you; his voice will sound terribly: but fear him not; he comes for our enemy. This night the accursed white men will die; this night he will be sacrificed in the mouth of hell—the outlet of the lake And with his death will pass away all the sorrows you have known. The sun will shine; the earth will bear its fruits without labor; every man shall have his own; every man shall do as he will. Above us are the clouds, around us the thick darkness—these are emblems of the past: to' morrow these will have passed away and the future in aS its glory appear— So diorara, So tiosara, Caroon boon ara!" Bloodthirsty yells filled the air; the torches were waved frantically, the hideous figures leaped and danced and shrieked like furies. The earth quaked, the lightnings flashed, the thunder followed the earthquake: but all this only added to the excitement and enthusiasm. The great God had returned; they saw his eyes, they heard his voice. For years no one remembered an earthquake. " Great .Marambola," said one of the chiefs advancing, " there is but one thing wanting to make our victory sure. Where ie that symbol of all power that our priestess kept, the Singoramba ? It was in the ancient days shown at certain times, when peril threatened or a great event was to occur. Has it perished with the priestess ?" 'It has vanished," answered the high priest, and there was a groan from the assemblage, " but fear not; once this accursed crew are sacrificed it will return; but not vntil then, for it is too pure for their eyes. When they are plunged into the lake the Singoramba the symbol of the great god Azaroha will appear before your eyes." A delighted shout was given in answer. Harry noticed that at this moment Paranoa took the chief's hand and led him aside until they almost touched the shrub under which he lay. Thoroughly aroused and terrified he strove to hear what they said through the terrible noised of the people and the elements. Why could you not have come at once when I sent word I would destroy the machines and take away the guns. If he discovers the loss he will resist, and he is still powerful." Nothing could be done until now," was the reply. "We have to work with a superstitious^ people, and they have to he taken in a certain way in order that we may have a hold on them hereafter. But you need not be afraid. If you have done as I instructed, John Morden's fangs will be drawn ; he will not be able to move hand or foot. In the darkness and the storm we will come upon him and then—" • Will you not save one of them for me," asked Paranoa, whose face Harry now saw in the light, for he had no mask on. It was ghastly, worn out with contending passions. " Surely you can gave Harry's life; you will let me have a friend and companion." " I will save no one," was the stern reply. " As the sky is above us they will die before the sun shines once more upon the lake. To -ave one would be to keep a serpent to sting ub.^ And if this man is the child of his father, he is the most dangerous devil of all. Don't ask me this any more." Paranoa turned away with a sigh. He was not yet all devil. " And do we proceed at once ?" he asked. " When the ceremonies are over," was the reply, " I have studied every effeot, and not one must be lost." " A terrible storm is coming on." " All the better; I have calculated on it." -j " We cannot row across the lake." " It will take some time to raise the waves. Before then we will be on the island. An attack and capture with earth and heaven in revolt is the climax we require. We will then seem working with Earatara. "There is no person at the boats, should the waves begin to rise." " They will not till we are ready. I have studied the storms. Now let us proceed to the necessary ceremonies." The two returned to the people, and Harry saw the resumption of the mystic sites, and heard the wild march resumed. But he had no thought for the dread spectacle now : hie only study was to escape. Keeping well in the shade, he fled for life down the hill in the direction from which he had seen the savages come. He would never have found his way to the shore, but just as he had left the open, a blue spectral light illuminated earth and sky. For several minutes it irradiated the scene, if the word can be used of so ghastly a light, al most deficient of the red and yellow rayB. In this awful light Harry saw the lake and its islets, dead blue and intense black. As the light appeared a terrible yell broke forth, a yell of defiance. " He lights himself to the grave," Harry heard the voice of the High Priest say. Then the terrible war song bust forth. The electric light lasted sufficiently for Haray to find and enter a boat. Then it changed color, and he made his way te the the Happy Isle, guided by a great red light that turned the lake into blood. CHAPTER XXXII. The return from the cliff was another and wonderful experience. Prior to this the cast aways had only beheld the lake and itB islets illuminated by the sun, irradiated by the moon, or reflecting the stellar host. Now they beheld the lake as they emerged from the shrubbery and woodsy in the ghastly light of a day whose sun was shrouded. There is no light so weird, so suggestive as this. In it the lake realized what they had read in Homer and Uhland of the land of the dead. The charm was added to by the ever shifting character of the scenery. As they came down from the cliff, the winding road gave them ever recurring glimpses of this dream lake, so like the scenery of another world. It was never the same. And when they embarked and rowed between the islets and through the innumerable ohannels, now and and then coming into broad, still, grey pools, reflecting the foliage, the effect was mystic and poetic beyond description. A strange inexplicable mystery seemed to brood over this lake of dreams. Herbert oould not help repeating to himself as they rowed away from the mainland into the grey water, the wondrouB lines of Uhland: Take, O boatman, thrice thy fee; Take—I give it willingly; For, invisible to thee, Spirits twain have crossed jrith me I There was a wonderful depression in the air, a stillness that seemed to bode some terrible disaster. The earthquakes had ceased, but the aspect of the sky was angry and lowering. The great piles of clouds on the horizon, the streamers that had covered the sun as if with the webs of spiders, had all become amalgamated in one thick, grey canopy that never shifted or lifted, ana seemed to weigh upon the earth like a firmament of lead. Living beings sympathised with nature. The song or the rowers was hushed, and even Orinora did not sing or speak, while not a sound came from the feathered inhabitants of the island. Nature had for the time cast off her dress of gold and purple and crimson and green, and donned the grey mantle of the recluse. It was late in the afternoon when the speotral procession of boats landed on the Happy Isle. John Morden at once set about the preparations for the solemn events of the night. Orinora retired with her maidens, and went over all they had done. The blush of modesty orimsoned her face when they showed her the bridal chamber, arranged with the singular taste that these native girls had learnt from John Morden and Orinora. " We didn't enjoy ourselves at all at the dance," said Dorala. "Everyone seemed dark and gloomy; they gathered in groupB and talked, and the moat of them went away early. The people seem quite changed. And Paranoa never came." "He left oar party early'enough," replied Orinora. "Why, where are the young white men going ? " cried Aherno. The girls ran to the window. Herbert and Ebby were Bculling away in the boat. Orinora said nothing for the moment. After what she had heard the previous night, there was no one Bhe dreaded more than Ebby. She looked on him as the only person who had influence over Herbert, who sought to rob her of her lover. Every movement of his was suspicious. She knew he had for a long time been in charge of the isle which was devoted to the uses of a workshop. What might he not have prepared there? Her heart stood still. She soon made *p her mind. Dressing herself in a close black gown, and throwing a dark shawl over her shoulders, she told the girls to go on with their work, and in a few minutes she was rowing over the lake, keeping in view the young men's boat, but unseen herself. She was perfectly at home on the water, and knew every inch of the lake, Her surmise was correct. Ebby had taken Herbert away to make one last effort to persuade him to leave the island. Not that he told him that was his object: he merely asked him to come and see the workshop isle. As they were going along they spoke little; each was buBy with his own thought. " I know little about Nature or her operations," said Ebby, however, as they neared the island, " but my reading misleads me if we are not on the eve of some frightful convulsion. ThiB strange stillness, the peculiar pungent smell of the air, the recurring quakes of the earth; they must be premonitions of some violent outburst of the forces of nature/' " Whatever they may be," said Herbert, "we can do nothing. Aranoah says such storms are common in these latitudes, but they do little damage on this sheltered lake." " I've read a verse somewhere," said Ebby, "which seems to describe my view of this island, though it must be paraphrased a little : "Islets and lakes may flourish or may fade; A stroke can ruin them as a stroke has made." We walk upon an earthquake. The ocean may gape at any moment and island and all disappear for ever 1" " Well," said Herbert, quietly, " and then there will be end." They had by this time arrived at the work- shop. It was a small isle, carefully planted round with thick trees, so that its unsightly appurtenances would not be seen. The young men secured their boat and stepped ashore. A narrow passage through a number of beautiful shrubs admitted them into the workshop. Herbert gazed round him with astonishment. Forges, carpenters' shop engine-houses, met his view. John Morden had not forgotten the practical even in this island of dreams. Ebby paid little attention to anything ; he walked straight to the other side of the island, and hurriedly, for the heavy fall of clouds was telling, and the light was fading out fast. He led Herbert to a Bhip or dock, in which lay the lay the large boat or barque that John Morden had ordered to be built, so that the whole of the party might navigate the lake. She was a perfect little model, with sails and everything complete. Herbert at once notioed something singular about the vessel. A strong cable was secured to a huge ringbolt in the centre of her deck. This cable ran over into a shed, where a large majority of what seemed native cloth was lying. " What do you think of thiB boat, Herbert ? " asked Ebby, betraying in his tones a sup pressed excitement ; his eyes glistening strangely. " She is a beautiful little model," replied Herbert; " we will have many a pleasant sail in her." "Ihope so, I hope," said Ebby, with a strange impressiveness in his voice, an eager tone. " Do you think she would navigate the Pacific?" " If she were on it," replied Herbert, something ironically. " She would certainly stand a storm. She appearB made to ride well. Taking Herbert's hand Ebby led him round to the stern of the vessel. It was growing very dark, but Herbert started as he saw in bold white letters the name: "ESCAPE." The next moment he felt annoyed." " Why are you always thrusting these ideas before me, Ebby," he said rather petulantly : " why raise up ghosts that are not wanted on this island." "But they are wanted," said Ebby, firmly, resolutely, "and they will rise whether you call or not. I have brought you here, Herbert, for the last time to offer you escape from the terrible fate that awaits us on this island. I have oome to show you it is no dream, but a great, glorious reality. All this I have known for some time, but I would not speak until esrtain. I chose to let you know gradually. Bear with me while I explain. If you persevere with your refusal I will give in." " I do not wish to pain you, Ebby," said Herbert, who spoke, however, with constraint, and whose eyes were^fixed on the name of the uessel, " but really you are labouring for nothing. I have passed my word to a man and woman who^depend on it: I will^' not^break my word." " Be that as it may," said Ebby, " let me explain what I have done, what I propose to do." CHAPTER XXXD3. " From the very first," said Ebby, " I never despaired of getting away. I set myself at once to find out what means could be used After a thorough examination I concluded if escape there was to be, a balloon must be used. To make one, though I knew how if I had the materials, seemed at first impossible. However, as I looked more carefully into the matter a prospect of escape opened out. There was no silk on the island but the fine cloth woven by the natives out of the bark of trees would to a certain extent answer the purpose. I found after a long search that I could get the materials for the manufacture of the hydrogen. That was my lesser difficulty, and I soon overcame it. But the making of the envelope was the real difficulty. By using the linen cloth and adding many flies together I could undoubtedly make an envelope impervious enough to hold the gas—for a time. By using a glaze I could ensure the keeping of the gas in for a longer period. But experiment as I would I saw already that I could not make a balloon that would carry us any distance. I was in despair. We would only escape from the island to drop into the sea and perish. ' At laBt a ray of light shot across my brain; I seized the great idea—the work was done. It was suggested when Aranoah ordered the building of his boat. I at once relinquished the idea of navigating the air to the American mainland. I saw at a glance that I could make a balloon which would lift the boat into the air and over the cliff all that would be required would be to drop the boat on the sea and let the balloon go. I set to work, I kept at it day and night, and I soon satisfied myself that I had solved the problem. The boat is finished and furnished with provisions and everything: the balloon is ready, a few hours will fill it with gas, and then we can rise from this island and in an hour the boat will skim the Pacific." Ebby had worked himself up into a great state of excitement, his frame trembled, his eyes flashed. It was very unusual to see him in this state. Not giving Herbert time to reply he pulled him over to the shed. " See, there she lies," he said, "well sewn together and glazed. I take her out of this, I begin the manufacture of thegas.Ilay it on, the balloon fills, it rises, a sphere in the air, the boat moves upward, I cut the rope, we shoot into the blue heavens, the wind bears us over the cliff) I let out more of the gas, we descend and the vessel rides upon the ocean, we set the sails and away, away we speed to our land, to fortune, to fame, to Alice. Free, free, for ever free I" The young man was so exhausted that he sank back on a bench. Herbert was little less excited. He endeavored to keep down his feelings, but he could not. It had now grown quite dark, and the young men could not notice a white face that peered out at them from a dark shrubbery close at hand; they could not hear the beating of a poor little heart to whom every word Ebby uttered, though only half understood, was a dagger. " I tell you, Herbert," said Ebby, when he had recovered; everything is calculated to a certainty. I have placed it beyond mistake. I have experimented and experimented. At first I thought to make a confident of Aranoah, but since I saw how things were going with Orinora I kept the secret to myself. 1 know what you feel—I can understand what love is—but there need be bo scene. We can wander away to-morrow, taking Harry with us, fill the balloon, and vanish as we came. That poor girl still believes us gods; she will think we have gone to the star she sings of, and in her adoration she will forget her love. Don't answer no, Herbert, as you have loved me, as I surrendered to you the girl I loved, as you hope to become great and famous and happy, do not answer no. Make an effort, tear yourself away. Oh Herbert, Herbert, do not answer no I " "It is too late," said Herbert in a low voice, which showed how deeply he was affected: " I am to be married to Orinora this night." " You can put it off," cried Ebby passionately ; pretend illness or anything. Do not sacrifice yourself, Herbert, with escape within your grasp. Herbert, think, think of the other world, of you duty to Alice, to your friends, to the world." The little heart was almost still now, the face frozen with terror. Upon his word her life, her reason depended. Herbert staggered away and clasped his hands in agony. How she longed to throw herself at his feet and implore him to refuse ! the tempter. But she moved not; half dazed as she was she jesolved not by word or sign to influence his choice. If he did not love her more than that other, than his friend, than the world, then let her die—it was best. It was very dark now; tha wind wa3 sobbing faintly in the trees, the duli wash of the waves sounded like a dirge. Yet dark as it was the great white words " ESCAPE " loomed out and seemad to fill Herbert's eyes. He shut them; in vain the words wera in his brain. It was an awtul moment. To whom would he be true. To gentle Alice far away, or to tander Orinora so near. It was a cruel trial, one few men have had to suffer. " L=t us go now," cried Ebby, who seemed to have lost his reason in his excitement. " I will get ready. I will set to work. Before two hours all will be ready—they will not miss us Let us go." " I tell you, Ebby," said Herbert, " it is of no use. I have promised, I will perform." " Herbevt, Herbert," sobbed Ebby hysterically, " do not say that; in the name of God do not say that. Do not kill me." " I do not wish to kill you," Herbert managed to say,'' but I mean to keep my promise. This island will be my home, Orinora will be my wife." The tension relaxed, the hands let go the shrub; Oriaora foil forward in a faint of joy. She had won the day. " Herbert," said Ebby in a wild tone, " are you mad ? Surely you are mad." " No, Ebby, I am not," replied Herbert, sadly, " but I am the victim of the most extraordinary circumstances a man ever suffered. Do you know who Aranoah and Orinora are ? " " Not for certain," replied Ebby, who had sat down on his balloon in a helpless heap. The pale face, not so pale now—was again peering through the shrubbery. " Aranoah is the very John Morden for whom we came out to search, and Orinora is Alice's half sister." " So I often thought," replied Ebby, in a tone as if it was of no interest to him. "I have promised to marry Orinora to make up to Morden the wrongs he suffered from my father. Alice will have the property, and so the expiation will be com plete." " Oh, Herbert," said Ebby, mournfully, "this is the very madness of intoxication. Surely you will not sacrifice yourself for an idea. What is this girl to her sister ? " " I love Orinora," replied Herbert, "I love her tenderly. Not perhaps as I loved Alice, but I would not see her suffer the slightest pain. And if I were to forsake her she would die. Do not urge any more, Ebby. You have torn my heart, but I am determined to keep my world. But I not wish to imprison you, though to part with you, dear faithful friend, will be a second death. Let yourself and Harry use the balloon, and go back to the world." " To tell Alice you have deserted her, to witness her agonies?" cried Ebby. " Perhaps," said Herbert, slowly and pain fully, " she may reward your true and constant love when she learns I have deserted her." "Do not speak of such things," cried Ebby, " I would not dream of them. If I was the only man left in the world Alice would not give me her heart, and without the heart I would not ask the person. Besides, I would not leave you, not for a thousand worlds. Where you are I will be; your land, your God's mine." " Why should you remain here a prisoner for life," said Herbert. " because I have decided upon a Quixotic but honorable course. Take your liberty, Ebby; give Harry back to the world he loves.." "The world will do very well without him," said Ebby, who seemed now to have recovered himself, and to have accepted the inevitable. " I will say no more Herbert. Let us to the boat and go home." And they were soon loss in the gathering gloom that was closing in upon the island that fatal night. CHAPTER XXXIV. Herbert and Ebby arrived at the Happy Isle in time for the evening meal. Their absence had not been noted, so busy was John Morden with his preparations, until the time came to call them. John had been arranging the programme of the night, which he meia to make one memorable on the island. He had two electric batteries, one of which he used for the electric light, the other for the terrible currant that protected the Happy Isle. Orinora did not join the party ; Dorala explained that she wished to remain in her room. Very littl9 was said by anyone. John Morden -alone appeared to have any spirits, and even he occasionally relapsed into gloomy silence, when the past, called forth by the occasion, thronged his mind. Herbert was torn with a host of contending emotions, and was engaged in keeping down the rebellious thoughts that surged through his brain. Ebby had given way to a dull despair. He felt he had played his last card, and that there was nothing to do but to surrender. It was bitter, terribly bitter, but his brave good heart resolved to stand by his friend, and to do all he could to make the lot he had chosen under circumstances so unparalleled, as happy as was possible: and the chance of happiness in the end was not not, Ebby thoaght, very great. John Morden departed to put the finishing touches to his preparations, and left the two young men alone. John was aware of the terrible night that was probable, but he had resources enough to meet it. A bridal in thunder and lightning and storm and earthquake had no terrors for one who had seen enough of them, and he was not without the satisfaction of thinking that if nature did manifest all her terrors they would only add to the deep awe the natives already felt. He had prepared scenes and effects that would never leave their superstitious minds. Herbert and Ebby had not sat together long bef ore Aherno entered, and going over to Herbert, whispered to him. " My lady would see you," said the girl. " She appears very ill, and cannot rest till she speaks to you." Herbert, alarmed at the worda, rose and followed the girl who led him to Orinora's boudoir or private sitting room, a beautiful apartment which Herbert had seen repeatedly when in her childish innocence Oriaora had treated him as her brother and companion, before the deeper passion had made her coy and maidenly. Here he found the lovely girl lying on a couch, her golden hair in disorder, her face paler, her eyes wet with tears. As he entered she turned upon him a look that went to his heart; a look full of love, despair, and shame, yet, evidencing a firm resolution. She rose and fell into his arms, sobbing such sobs as unmanned Herbert. ' My own darling," he cried, leading her to the couch, " what is the matter ? What has turned you from the happiest to the most wretched of women." " I have heard," she managed to articulate. " Heard—what," queried Herbert puzzled. " I have done what was wrong, base, unwomanly," she said Blowly, mustering up all the reserves of her strength. " But it was my love made me. I was so jealous of you, so afraid to lose you for ever. Herbert, I overheard your conversations with Ebby last night without intending, this evening purposely." " My poor girl," said Herbert compassionately; "for your sake I wish you had not." ' It was better," she replied. " I have been a child, I am now a woman, and I have to do a woman's duty. Until recently I lived in a land of dreams, in tbe regions of mgac. No* I have woke; tha sun has risen and I see the world, not as it is seen in moonlight and starlight and twilight, but as it is when the sun beats upon it and everything is revealed. Last night I was but half awake. I heard Ebby tempt you to fly; I dreaded his success, and I told my sorrows to my father, at least partially, and the result was what happened to-day. This evening I heard all, and become awake and living. I now know the world whence you came is like this world, peopled with men and women, who have greater aims and wider scope. I listened, and you cannot tell what was my suspense when I heard Ebby so eloquently, so unanswerably pleading to you to escape, to return to the great world that waits for you. But what was my joy when you resolved to stand by your promise at the Iosb of all that life holds for you, my darling, my noble Herbert. Oh, that I had heard no more. I did hear. I heard that my father was the unhappy man of whose history I had heard Bnatches ; that the woman you loved in the other world was my own sister, my darling sister Alice, of whose existence I knew nothing. I have a sister, a good kind siBter, who seems to have been a queen among women. And I would rob her of the man she loves, I would condemn her to a life of unhappinees; I would, selfish creature I am, to gratify myself, keep you from your first, your true, love, my own flesh and blood; I would tie you down to an ignoble lffe merely for my selfish aims. No, Herbert, you do not understand me if you think I would de that. You would sacrifice all for me. I will not accept the sacrifice. I will offer myself in sacrifice instead. Listen to Ebby; fly from this island, put off this marriage to-night—I will put it off myself—go forth to the great world that waitB you, become a king among men. Do not fear for me. Duty calls, and I will obey. Here I will live and die a maiden, praying night and day to the great star wbich I worship, to the God I heard you speak of, for your happiness. And when we leave this world we will meet, as my father teaches, high and purified spiritB, meet and dwell together for ever." She had risen as she spoke and stood there the personification of beauty and self-devotion, her cheeks tinged with the crimson of enthusiasm, her golden hair floating around her head like,an aureole of glory, her eyes beaming with a pure and high resolve; her stature apparently twiae what it really was. As Herbert looked upon her he thought surely never man had beheld the embodiment of an angel before. Could he accept this awful sacrifice? Could he doom this wonderful creation of fairyland to what was inevitable, early decay and death ? Was it not his duty to take her to his heart ? It was a terrible thought to lose Alice, to be unfaithful to that grand and glorious woman, but did not duty tell him his place was by the side of this, the loveliest, the tenderest of the blossoms 1 Alice .was a woman of another mould, with a strong mind and frame, who would sustain the loss of her dreams of happiness, and who would find in a hundred charitable occupations balm for the wound. But if he left this flower it would droop and die, and the aged tree that had sheltered would fall in sorrow to the grave. " No, Orinora," said Herbert, firmly, starting up and clasping the radiant vision of beauty to his heart; " I will not aceept the sacrifice. If Alice were here, if she knew all, she would say, noble and highspirited as she is, 'Take my sister; she is the weakest; I can make out a life for myself, full of goodness and happiness,' Already she has heard of my loss; already the bitterness of death is past, and she has buried her feelings in what she thinks my grave and taken up her cross courageously. Shall I divert her from the path she has chosen ; shall I come up from the grave and disturb her peace? No, Orinora, offer no sacrifice; it will not be accepted. The struggle in my heart has been terrible; it has almost torn my soul asunder; but it is all over now. I have made up my mind and not even you, sweet one, will turn me aside from my purpose. Here I remain to be yours through life and yours through 6 death." The girl's brain reeled, her heart stopped, she fainted away in his arms and became a pale cold statue. He thought her dead; he chafed her hands and brow and called her the fondest names. Slowly she revived; her violet eyes opened and beamed npon him with a look so ravishing that never had he felt their power so marvellously. She slipped from his grasp on to her knees and clasped her hands, looking np to where her star should have been. " Great Power," said Orinora; " grant me to be worthy of this great luve, thii sacrifice. Make my sister's heart happy; to.**; from her fate the cloud that now mbis u^>ou in. Great Power! Great Star! let my lifa repay the gifts inestimable thou hast bestowed!" CHAFTER XXXV. The brooding calm of nature continued long into the night. The ceremony of the marriage was to take place in the apartment of the tower that Morden had erected, so as to command a view of the whole lake. From the top of this the electric light was exhibited on the rare occasions Morden choBe show his powers. He had ordered the islanders to attend and to add to the solemnity. A chosen party of ten nativeB marahftii e a John Morden and Herbert and Ebby to the scene, bearing in their hand lampB enclosed within purple glass. John Morden left his guests in the room to be devoted to the <seremony and went out to turn on the marvellous light. By means of glass shades it was made to appear of several hues. First of all it shone on the lake with all its eold blue radiance, creating a scene suoh as we imagine to be ever existent in the land of Diablerie. Ii that ghastly light everything bore so dreadful an appearance that Herbert and Ebby turned with dread from the soene. Through this light they saw a red gleam on the moun tain. The light was changed; the lake be came one mass of blood-red color. They now saw that a number of boats were rowing to wards the isle; the pullers looking like pantomime demons, the flashes of their oars like gouts of blood. In a moment a rich beautiful magenta light transformed the lake into fairyland. This only lasted a few moments; then came thick and utter darkneBS. In the magenta light the watchers saw a fleet of vessels put off from the shore beneath where they had noticed the red light. But other events soon teok their attention. Orinora, attended by her two maidens, entered the room. She was attired in spotless white, and was veiled; a beautiful, an entrancing sacrifice to love. A wreath of orange blossoms just plucked from the tree by Aherna and Dorala adorned her brow. Herbert stepped forward, and in one fervent embrace expressed his affection. "I wonder," said Morden, who now appeared, "what has become, of Harry and Paranoa ? Surely they are not lost." They are probably—the hosts," replied Dcrala. John Morden appeared in a fantastic but impressive attire. He had learned to become theatric by his position, for he had found symbols all powerful with his people. He wore a robe of the richest purple, faced with silver and seared at the throat by a magnificent diamond, onee the property of the hapless young Blake. On his head was a tiara of gold, studded with rubies and diamonds, the symbol of his authority, which the visitors had never seen him wear before. His white hair and venerable beard gave him a "Hfi:-. most dignified mid imposing •^(icaiuuci, In his hand he carried a rod of ebony and gold. ' 1 The upper end of the room was arrayed in the form of a sacristy. On the table or altar was a marriage contraot engrossed on vellum, upon which rested a small column of ebony surmounted by a star of gold, the points flashing with diamonds. Herbert were -not prepared for suoh a splendid soene. But a grerter surprise was still in store. Touching a knob John Morden onee more flashed forth the eleorio light; this time of the richest rose. It was but fox an instant;: then succeeded the most intense gloom. As if in response the earth shook, a flash of lightning, flew through the heavens, and the roll of the thunder and the rumble of the earthquake were mingled together. As if by magic—everything seemed magical in this wonderful land—the lake was lit up by hundreds of torches, and the boats began a procession suoh as the strangers had seen on ' their first night on the island. Six trumpets sounded one after the other a summons bom every side of the island, and- the response, was a magnificent burst of harmony from brass and wood instruments. In the islanders John had found apt jpupils. The effect, on « lake with echoing islands, was beyond description, beyond power of pen te tell. The strangers looked and listened as if they wished it would last for ever. The instruments eeased at last and the great chorus was heard, coming from eaoh side of the lake, but so well togetber were the voices that they appeared as one: Gliding o'er oar lake thus day by day > How serenely passes time away, While its wavelets wreathed with smiles , Gently bathes its fifty fairy isles. And at night oar torches cast their gWn»» t Lighting np this wondrous world of dreams. Tra la ha, la ha la, Tra la la la la! Far away shines nightly Achsrnar, But oar lake reflects our glorious star, So oar souls' reflections of the light Stay bat here a troubled night; When the morning breaks they pass away To the star where shines eternal day! Tra la ha, la ha la, Tra la la la la I This chorus was succeeded by a bridal oatoh in the native language, the burden being taken by the female voioes, the reply being ; given by the males. It had a peculiar and weird effeot, the melody seeming to oome from all parts at once, eohoing and reeohoing: •Soyonaira So yon aira Hah! ha! "Come, my children," said John Morden, when the echoes of the music had died away, " and let me join you together, never in this world to be parted save by death." Herbert took Orinora's hand and advanoed with her to the altar, presided over by ths venerable and imposing presence. Ebby.;;' walked at his side, and Dorala and Aherno supported their lady's train. The manly grace of Herbert, the dreamlike beauty of Orinora made a picture when they stood in v front of the altar that threw John MordenH into an ecstasy. "From two such," he exclaimed," what%j! noble and beautiful race might spring, thank the Great Power for this nights e v ^ Orinora wore rare and lovely jewds, .and they made her look a queen. John's eyefe wandered over her lovely form with the pride of a father. Suddenly he notioed a xosy sparkle, almost eonoealed by the dress on hei? bosom. "What jewel is that, Orinora ?" he asked. ;f§ " It is a native jewel I found in BSyf drawers," said Orinora, with a blush that'r made her faoe rosier than the jewel'e flash^ " a gift from Paranoa in other days. It . war - worn by the last princess of the island." •. ; :; " The Singoramba," replied Morden jrith a pleased smile. " It is a good omen. Bjat such a princess never wore that mystio gifton this island as now." : • " Nor on any other," said Herbert. > He was about to take their hands when'a' wild and barbario shout pealed into the air. John Morden staggered back lite a man who . had received a mortal blow. His faoe became ghastly. Clear and wild the tones rang on their ears, question and answer, too well understood by John Morden. Question—Ai laianora, airah ora, Ai laianora ah; Nai kaialora, naira nora] Kai kinalora sah— Marambola, Marambola nah j Marambola, Marambola mah 1 Answer—So diorara, So triosara, Caroom boon ara Laice ozoom! My God, what does this mean?" cried John Morden; " I have not heard that terrible song since the night when Henry Allan and Marambola attacked the isle. Am I dreaming? Do I hear rightly? What can it mean?" " Death and destruction," said an agitated voice, and dripping with water, his clothes torn and hiB whole aspect that of terror^ Harry Forbes rushed into the room. " Death and destruction," cried John Morden; " what de you mean ? No one can approach this isle." He turned quickly and pressed a knob on the wall, different from that he used to turn on the electric light. " There," he said, triumphantly, " if .the natives have rebelled I defy them. A circuit of death enoloses this island; a circuit that none can pass.' " You trust in what is of no avail," replied Harry. " Paramoa was here to-day and destroyed the machinery and took away ,the firearms. We are drowned. The island is surrounded by savages who have sworn to kill every white person except Orinora." Orinora fainted in Herbert's arms. Dorala and Aherno beat their breasts and tore their hair after the manner of their exoitablerace. " We are to blame; we are to blame," they cried, the tears raining down their faces. "We left the isle and he came and did this." John Morden said nothing. He at once sprang out of the room. Harry who was wild with terror clasped Ebby in his arms. ' " We are lost, Ebby," he said. "I overheard the whole plot and I made all haste to reach the isle to give warning bo that we could fly to the mountains. But I did not know my course; I blundered here and there and at last capsized the boat. I saved my life by swimming, and as Providence would have it lighted on the right island." Ebby did net reply. Instead of feeling terror at the news he was exalted. He oould now get the party to fly to his balloon and » would save them. How to bafle the savages in the darkness of the night now became his study. At this moment John Morden entered. He appeared in a few minutes to have wilied and became an aged and helpless man. " Oh, my God," he cried sinking on to a couch, " how I have been deceived. Marambola did not die; he has lived these years for revenge, and it is at last in his hand. What treaohery, what ingratitude after all I did for these wretches in human form. The circuit is destroyed, the firearms gone—there is no help for us. The most horrible of deaths will be ours, the most terrible of fates Orinora's. Oh, my daughter, my child, I wish you had died in your infancy: it would have spared what must follow." He went over to her and kissed the lovely girl frantio- (To be continued.) •Shall he have her, Shall he hare her— Yes! yes J For he lores her, Jfor he loves her— Yes J yes t 