The Wicked Woods of TobereeviL BY THE AUTHOR OF ' HESTER'S HISTORY.' CHAPTER XXIII. — SIMON IN TORMENT AGAIN. Simon Fuuston was getting very old anc frail, and the fall of the year was particularlj bard upon him. It was severe work going oui to pick up sticks and straws, in order that he migut nave a tire to sit uy m tne evening ; and he was bloodless and chilly, and felt the want of a bit of fire more than he used to do. Tibbie, too, was cross, and would no longer patch his old gown ; and his heart failed him when he thought of taking forth an extra garment from those presses on the high gallery, whosecontents that mad pedlar had so strangely foiborne to buy. -The coming of winter was always the beginning of a long affliction to the old man ; and the affliction now threatened to grow, more tragic every year, as the sufferer grew moie feeble, and bis tormentors became aiore bold. . The roof in ..the west wing had given way so far that the rain found its way down to Simon's den. He had to flit to the east wing, which was terribly at the mercy of the winds, the walls being unnecessarily riddled with windows, and the windows riddled by time. The shutters banged and crashed, now scatter ing the plaster to the floor as they lashed the wall, now shivering the remnants of glass in the panes as they fell forward, and shook even the stout oaken framework of the windows. When bound up into order and forced to keep the peace by use of their rusty bars, they threw the interior of the rooms into utter darkness. But as sensitiveness to cold was, and deafness was not, one of Simon's in firmities, the noise and the light were put in bondage together, and the wind was kept at bay. Simon's miseries were not all of wind and weather; blasts might be keen, and raiu pitiless, but both were angels of mercy com-, pared to Tibbie, who saw a time approaching when, the old man's wavering spark of life having suddenly sunk, and . gone out, it might be found that he had not made a will in favor of Con the fool.- She* knew no reason now why his last days should not be made wretched in order that he might be forced to frame that will. Simon was not ill in his bed, so that he was not so completely at her mercy as he had been once before, but there was much power in her hands, and she used it. She would corue and sit on a bench opposite to him, and rail at him till the shrieking of the wind seemed the mere echo of her voice, and the moaning and thundering outside among the trees onlv a weird demonstration 01 applause from mat in visible spirit world with which she threatened him. He was horribly superstitious, and was far more afraid of the' ghosts among the trees, whom Tibbie talked about, than of the thieves who, she assured him, were ever prowling about seeking for his hoards. As a security against the latter he slept in all his clothes, and with a blackthorn staff in his feeble hands ; but he knew of no ; precaution that he could take against the spirits. These, Tibbie assured him, were only writing for his death, in order to carry him away with them to where they 'could wreak their vengence on him during the leisure of ? eternity. =; '?? iThe only think which could stave off such horror, and balk' the the malice of the spirits, would be that simple act of justice which Tibbie prayed her master yet to do.l But rSimon -still jcef used thus to protect himself. It was like, tearing his soul from his body, the thought of signing away with his own hand his long- worshiped money bags and wasted acres. As for Tibbie, why she -so wished to see that will made might well have been a puzzle to anyone. Con was .as happy as a fool conld be, roaming about the country, fostered by everybody, and always coming back from each fresh expedition to sit at the teet of blooming Nan Kearney, watching her blissfully as she wove her baskets, and crowing for joy if she stopped to pat him on the head. But this was not the way of life that Tibbie had marked out for him. She was willing enough thai he should be fed about the country, and that strangers should give him clothing out of pity, but she desired that he should keep close by the miser of Tobereevil, that, he should sing for him, dance for him ; so that, while she carried on her persecution, the fool might lie as- a refuge ;to the; wretched old man; who should turn to him for relief, and. perhaps do but of gratitude that which he refused to do from fear. Con hated Tobereevil, and had no use for money. Were he the owner of all the miser's wealth it would be bard to make him comprehend that such was the case ; still harder to make him assume the rights of mastership, aud Tibbie would certainly have all the power in her own hands. What use would she' make of her power, and how enjoy her good fortune ? A miserable creature clothed in rags, with her arms folded grimly, and a dreary, dreamy look in her half-shut eyes, she prowled' about the old mouldering mansion, listening to the groaning of the trees, and fliml-ing about that huge iron safe which was built up in the wall somewhere, and of which she was determined one day to have the key. When Tibbie came to Tobereevil long . ago she was a respectable poor woman, seeking for help fjpr her little nephew, and had travelled a long way to bring him under the notice of his kinsman. When -she presented herself at Tobereevil her' utmost ambition had been a. cottage, tent feee, and a small pension or dole of clothing/or litt|ej£on. . These denied, she accepted' the perinission to shelter herself in the kitchen of the mansion, and pick up scanty food as remuneration for her services in the house. But it seemed that greed was in the air of Tobereevil. Tibbie would now have failed to remember when aspirations after the miser's money-bags had first struck root within her ; but it was rank and strong, and could not now be torn away, and it had crushed every other passion of her nature. Whilst Tibbie was in the midst of her active operations, she was shocked by hearing a rumour that Paul Finiston was in die country, and that very evening fell to stitching together the stuff which she had bought so cheap from the pedlar. Never before had she had the heart to bring it out, and^now. as she hunied to her treasury and drew forth the stuff which was sufficient at least to cover her respectably, she cursed her ill fortune which furnished her with only a web of cloth, at the moin:nt when she needed clothing ready made. However, she hacked it with blunt scissors, and sewed it with a rusty needle ; and though she lost a whole day over it, she was in the end well bedight, and felt magnificent enough in her appearance to awe the whole mountain world. She washed her face in a somewhat superficial manner, and further arraying herself in a moth eaten cloak, little worn, but of ancient date, departed on her search for news of Paul ; having first looked in at the door of Simon's den, and advised him to look sharp after his keys, for she was just stepping out at the risk of her life to watch some ill-looking characters whom she had seen prowling about the place. Haying thus provided for her master's comfort during her absence, she took her way to the mountains. The Kearneys would give her news, if any news were to be had. Their young gossoons were for ever upon the foot. And as Con would very likely be found hover ing about their place, so Con should be Tibbie's excuse for coming panting up the hills. Much amazed were the young Kearneys to see Tibbie on the mountain ; even more so than they had been to see Con arriving amongst them upon the shoulders of a gentleman. Very few in the country knew a great deal about Tibbie. The mother of the Kearneys had never seen her before, so that the gossoons had to whisper her : 'Mother, mother! it is the miser's Black Cat !' 'I don't see no cat wid the good woman,' said Mrs. Kearney. 'Only our own poor pussy goin' to meet her on the brae.' The gossoons laughed in chorus, and plucked at their mother's skirts. They cried that the world was coming to an end, for the Black Cat had got a gown ! ' Whist, will ye '.' said Nan. ' It's Tibbie from Tobereevil.' Then the house-mother crossed herself and went out to meet tne quest, expecung . some new message of cruelty from the landlord. But Tibbie had been manufacturing a smile, as she climbed up the mountain all the way from her own door. And she now hung out her smile, which, though a little pinched and darkling, was the best she could produce. ' Och, och i I'm tired widyer mountains,' said Tibbie. ' An' I ax parding, Mrs. Kearney, for lookin' the favor of a sate to dhraw my breath. I'm searchin' wid anxiety for that poor foolish boy 6* mine, an' I thought I knowed where to look for him whin I took the road to yer house.' ' Oh, ay !' said the house- mother, ready to laugh with relief, finding that only Ccn was demanded of her instead of an extra pound of rent. ' 'Deed it's little out o' this he's been since the night he hurt his foot,' an' young' Misther Finiston hissel' carried him here to us on his shouldhers.' ' Anan !' said Tibbie. ' An' who is young Misther Finiston ?' ' Yer masthers's nephew, Misther Paul, an' no other,' said Mrs. Kearney, who was not very sorry to see the old woman's chagrin. ' An' a gran', an' a kind, an' a beautiful young gintleman he is ; and the fine man to.be over us some day, plase the Lord ! But come in an' take a rest to yersel' an' an air o' the fire ; an' if ye'H ate a couple o' pratees, I'll have them roasted in a crack !' Tibbie smothered her wrath and went into the Kearneys' cabin, and did not go down the mountain again till she was assured that her enemy was indeed in the country as she had heard, and that he had been recognised among the peop'.e as the miser's heir. 