THE ' MELBOURNE CUP, 1885. (from our melbourne correspondent,) "Tuesday ovennig. The people of Victoria and Lady Locli had. ordered a specially fine Cup Day tliis year, from All- Ellery, and as he lives within a stone's throw of Govornment House tliat gentleman decided it would be unneighbourly to refuse it. £50 lilSu : nigilU 110 uiTAUguu - Wlull ..Ills llcUUISll incubus, tlio barometric pressure, and liiode things agreeablo for us. I have described 'so many Cup Day fetes in your columns during tlio last 14 years tiiat I fear I can add but little to them on this occasion, so tliat tlie beauty, the glory, the splendour of the pageant must be taken for granted. The stand, the lawn, the luncheon room, the saddling paddock, tlio hill, and the flat wore' nlikii crowded, ancl though some people estimated we had neai-ly 100,000 people present I' should fancy, judging by tlie eye, that the attendance was' about tlie same' as tliat of last yoari Tho costumes of the ladies, though few wore traiiiB, were in most cases superbly beautiful, cliietiy of brown or greenish hues, witli a profusion of lace and feather trimming, over both body and skirt. Among others, 1 observed the following, wliicli will give an idea of the general character of the display on the lawn : — A superb dross of cream lace over cream nun's veiling, front trimmed with chenille,' dark fancy bonnet, trimmed with feathers. A handsome silk flowered chenille pointed with parrots' wings. A splendid amber satins ratlier conspicuous — trimmed' with brown and biscuit lace intermixed, and amber ribbons. A plain fawn silk with black . velvet bodice, bonnet and feathers to match. A palo stone- coloured dress trimmed with lilac, and over-skirt of blue brocho velvet, and worn by Mrs Malle- son, "the" dress of the day in my estimation. Cream watered silk and satin mixed, -with white marabout feathers, and network of gold down the front. But on all the lovely costumes there displayed, my eyes so ache with gazing tliat I fail to attempt to depiot them, : and, therefore, concluded 'saying wo thoroughly enjoyed a per fect day and a splendid Cup. Railway Stakes. — A sweepstakes of 3 sovs., with 100 sovs. added. One mile and a quar ter. Mr M. Lock's Isonomy ... ... (Quinn) 1 Mr M. O'Shaiina- By's First Prince ... (Moore) 2 Mr A. Davie's Baron Neckar (Flanagan) 3 x-arwan ana i-erciianco also started, isonomy was backed down 'to 5 to 2 on him. First Prince had a slight advantage of Isonomy at tho start ; Baron Neckai- was the third in the rum ning, Pai-wan soon dropping back last. The field closed up in passing tlie railway bridge, and Isononiy wont to tlio front witli a slight lead. First Prince maintained second place, Baron Neckar being third, Porchance next, and Par- wan still last. Isonomy came into the turn hard held,, and Baron Neckar ran into second place with Parwan third, and on coming down the straight, Isonomy was coming well on tlio inside, and won easily, hard hold. Time— 2 miii. 14j sec. Kensington Stakes. — A sweepstakes of 10 sovs., with 250' added. For two-yeai-s-old — colts, 8s t. 51b. ; fillies, 8st. The winner to be sold for L300. Fivo furlongs, : ' Mr Watson'B Afnddolina . - (Weasel) 1 Mr Robortson's'Tlio Nun ...- , (Moore) 2 Mi- Hill's Toleplioiio ... (CampboU) 3 Mainsail, Brigantine, and Aspromonto also started. Latest betting : Even money Madde- fin-i 1 2 to 1 The Nini ; ' 6 to 1 ' Brigantino. A good start was effoo'ted, and the favourite soon showed in front, and. maintained lior load all tho way. - Telophoiio, who was running second ; gave place to Tho Nun in the straight; Maddo- lina winning with tho greatest ease in liriin. 34 seo;:. ' . ' 4 Hurdle Raoe. — -A handicap swecpstakoB of 10 "sovs., : iritli' 25p sovs. adejed.' About , three miles. ' Mr Crozier's Ruby ... . ... ....... l! Air Mayo's Ravoiisworth ... V.V 2 Hon! W; Pbiirson's Gasalior ... ... ... ,3 Tho following started : Duration, Royal Maid, Insolvent, Mistake Agitation, Student, Brigand, Tantaliser, Flaniborough, Bluo Mountain, Cockboat. Latest hotting : G to 4 Brigand, 5 to 2 Gasalior, G tol Rayonswortli and Duration, 7 to 1 Royal Maid, Insolvent, Mistake, Agita- Studont. ' Mistake wiis tlio' first to sliow SP . -'Sji !10 wenti off witli 'a slight lead froni Royal'Maid, with Agitation arid' Brigand' liext. lhe field was pretty close up, with Insolvent last,. and. tliis order was, maintained. past the stand. At ithe river (turn, Mistako increased Jibr .adyantajge.te.ab.bu.t fln- oo lengths, and Bri gand went'up fast, passing Agitation and Royal Alaid. The order then was Mistake, Brigand, . Royal Alaid, Ravonswoitii, and Duration, with Insolvent still lost! " Qn rounding the back "of tiio course, Royal Maid rtiii up secpnd, almost getting lo vol with Misfoko, but before reaching the -bridge again fell back to third place, and tlie order was Mistake, Royal Alaid, Brigand, Duration, Gasalior. At tho abat toirs Royal Maicl 'liad .two .lengths advantage of Brigand, Rovonsworth, ancI'Royal Maid com ing noxt, Agitation drdppinbadk. At the turn into the straight AlistaReliwibut a .slight advant age of Brigand, 3?tdyaX !aid :liaying.,' secured third place with 'Gasalior, ''Rav'onsworth, Dur ation, Student coming ill the order named, and Agitation last, passing tlio stand the seebnd time Mistake had a 'slight lead from Royal Maid, Brigand being third; "and much the sauio order was maintained round .the ' .riyer turn. Several changes in positions then took .place, but at.tho ibriclgo Mistake ,was still leading, and Royal Maid had again run up into secpnd _ place. On possing.tiie bridgo tiie order' was Alistako, Brigand, Gasalior,' Royal Alaid, andRav.eiiswortli holding -prominent positions. Insolybntfell near tho scraping sheds, and ' Brigand headed' Mis take at tiie homo turn. 'Ruby and Rnvensworth then 'came vory fast, and at tlio 'finish thi-'co lengths separated oacli placed horse. ' " Tune— 5min 33sec.' " 1 ' -' ' '' ' The AIelbourne Cup. — Sweepstakes of 20,sovs. each, witli lOPO' added '; seebnd liorso to ro- ceivc 300, and' tliird 200 out of the stake. 1U5 subscribers. Two miles. Air AI. Louglilin's Shoot Anchor, 7st lib ... 1 Mr Reid's Grace Darling, , 7 st 1st .... ... 2 Air O'Brien's Trenton", 7st lib " ... ' 3 The following also' 'started : Blink Bonny, Acolyte) Lord "SViltoii, Tom Brown, "Kit Nubbles, Goriolanus, Bosworth, AYarwick, rSt. Lawrence, Rlausible, Liverpool, :' Proinotheus, Dunlop, Thunderbolt, Stornaway, Yelocipede, Hilltop, St. John, Despot, Lord -Exeter,' Brown and Rose, Wing, Nordenfoldt, Britisher; Fiist Chester, Arsenal, Alinerva, Aletal, CyelopB, Yellow H.immof, Ceriso and Blue, Losbia, Betting : 5 to' 1' against' N'ordcnfeldt ; 8 to 1 Trenton and Despot'; 10 to 1 against Livei-pool; 15 to 1 Sheet'Aiichor, Brbwn aiid Rosb,'"Graco Darling; 20 .to 1 against Acolyte;' Kit Nubbles, Cerise and Blue, Lord ' Exeter ; 25 to 1 Pl-binc'- theus, Coriolanus, Stornaway, Tom Brown, Lord Wilton, Bosworth ; 33, 35, and 50 to l' against others. A ficlcl of 35 horses, .compassing flip Cup distance in tho shortest time: on record, somewhat baffles tho version of an onlooker, and though tiie day was clear and well-adapted . for sight'-seelngj I' confess 'the closeness with which the divisions kept together, and tiie simi larity of many of the coloura, puzzled nip. ' 'Tlio first clearly descprned in the lead as' tlio horses charged -'down' "tiio straight in a splendid lino was — Prometheus, Nordenfeldt, First Chester, Cyclops, Acolyte, Thunderbolt,' and. Sheet An chor being near neighbours; but tiie whole of tlio first division, of some sixteen horses, .were so nearly locked level tliat their places could not he determined with cortainty. Going along tlio river, Thunderbolt drew tip, and Prometheus, (lying away, gave liirri tlie lead for a few furlongs, Ifordenfeldt being second, Sheet Anchor, moving forward- into fifth position, and .Grace Darling beginning to come up to the leaders. No cjiafige was discernible as they swept past the bridge and abattoirs; but at the scraping sheds Trenton began to quicken liis' pace, and -for a few seconds it seemed seemed as if Liverpool was about to justify tiio heavy 'money put on liini within tire "last' few (lays. Hb; too, failed to get to the front;' 'and at the turn into the straight, Grace Darling and Sheet Anchor had clearly the best of it, hut tiie Ballarat horse quickly shook off. tiie inare with oase, and landed an easy winner in the incredij ably short' time of 3 minutes 29j seconds ;' .but as tlioro' was some delay in sotting tlie chronograph goiug at'tiie start this is pi-obaMy incorrect. /The gentleman in tiie seat of judgment capped: tlio three blunders' made on Saturday by '-posting Blink BonnyVniimber lis' seebnd; 'tlie colors not having the least resemblance to one another, olid; as on Derby day, it was some minutes before the mistake was corrected.'"! The judging tlutouglio'ut this meeting has been very bailly.perfornied, . aiid has provoked many anathemas from the tqo prompt payers over of siyeep money. 'Trenton made a fine finish for second place with-.Grco Darling, and was only beaten on tlie post by half a head, but tho others were not near enough at the finish to show that they possessed the slight est claims to the Cup. Mr Louglilin's stable and Ballarat generally will be a lieavy winncr by this wonderful result of the run of their staunch flyer. Nursery Handicap. — A sweepstakes of 5 bovb. , witli 200 sovs. added. For 2-year-olds! Five furlongs. i: ';.',. Hon. A. Long's Yellow Jacket (Williamson) 1 Air B. Gray's Retort ... (Jolinstbn) 2 All- AI. Bryant's Clelia... ... (Tomlin) 3 The following also started :— Louise Berto, Munwyrtina, Trojan, Utopia, Lord 'Chancellor, Damocles, Crossfire, fliyidend, St! Paul/Devo tion, Tamarisk, Alicawlier, Fernandez, Essio, Mistral, Trislina, Anonyina,-' and - Dufferin. Latest betting : 5 to . I on tlio field. 'The' winner quickly went to the front, and won easily, hard held. Again the judge mismanaged his numbers. Timo— 1 mill. 2| sees. : . : : i ,i,; Yan Yean Stakes.— A handicap sweepstakes, of . 3"sovs., with lOp added.' 'One mile.- it Mr AVhittiiigharii's Meii-riniu (Trahan) . ... 1 Mr Wallace's Cliucks'tei fjolinston) ... ... 2 Mr Filgate's Lavington (!j?oinlin) . . , . .- . 8 Tlio following also" started : Lantern, Middle: march, Stafford, Tlio "Ghost, The Agent, Fom- lea, Signor, Juanna 'Maria,' Louiso, Muscat, Kingship, Agatha';. Bon ' Bon,!/'All!Black,'i,and Phaon. Latest betting j1 2 to 1 Tlie Ghost, 4 to 1 Aleri-imu,' G'tb 1 Stafford," fi;oin iO to T others. The three placed horses caino to the front at tho distance post, and q' splendid finish resulted as above, half a ioiigth separating "each- liorso. Timo,'lmiii. 424 sec. An "Old Ballarat Miner," who has just.iye- turned to" England from . a visit to. the. Yen ' zeula goldfields, describes liis oxporience intiio- ' Mining Joiii-nal.-'' Tlio fields' are situate 'oil tlio soutli 'bank' of the Orinocb River, -about '300: miles from" Trinidad, 'aiid' aboiifi 150 -miles: froni Demermnt "! 'ipieile' rqlo'ufci'y8p6. ployed_; qOOD. of tlioriY arq the' native race' of 'tlio'; West; ' Indies,' and 1000 Corsicaiis and. 'Germans. \ TJio wliplo of the lpining work ' is ;dohb"|)y coloured people. Tlii? minors got four pesos poi": day of six and eight hours," which/ is 13s'4q of English 'monoy. : Nearly' every house is a grog shanty.' 'There ore somo hundreds of gbnoral storekeepers, 1 but' not' one of them tlias Id' "invested in any mine, and -. there' is not one English merchant or sliopkeopei-" iii" the country, yet", for every L1000 invested in op'enihg' tlie mines tlior'e L950 of it is Englisli money. '.' What a contrast to Australia," says" the correspondent, " whore tho merchants and shopkeepers are tho principal investors in mini ing "stock. . There seems to be a confederacy, be tween tlio morcliauta mid shopkcepors on this field' to make John Bull pay dearly for ovory-: tiling lies requires, but with a littio asBistanco froiii'- the- Gbvernmont every article coiihl he' landed and sold on tho golilfield for half ' the price it how costs;" ! The history pf t|io growth of pities, remarks thq 1 Alta California,' offers few examples mpro synr1 prising than that of' thb dbulile- headed metro.: polis of Minnesota- Alinnoapolis and St. Paiil are so noar each other — less than 10 miles apart—' fhat'they may bo considered' virtually one. Ill 1880 Alinnoapolis hod a population of 46,887; aud by tlio stato coiieos, just taken, it is sho'wri to havo a present population of 129,200. St. Paul has incroased in' tho same time from 41,473 to 111,397; By 18!)0 those two ildjoining towns will have grown into a splendid_cityi having over 400,00.0 population. — 