Mental Mealing;' in Boston, IT.S.A. [From a Correspondent of the London Times.] Boston, Mass,, May 11. Tins city has become the headquarters of a religio-metaphysical fa rove, which within a few months has infected so many people of all classes in New England that the mental contagion is almost sure to spread bey and American limits. The science of mental heal ing—nothing that originates in Boston is less than a science or an art—is the ambitious name of themovementwhichitsleadershaveassumed. The press of the country find frequent j occasion to make sharp allusions to the i "Boston mind-cure craze," but it is a long j time since any local paper has been so indis [ creet as to make slurring references to the new ! pathology. Absurd and idiotic as are some of I the ideas which the prophets of the system I advance, the movement has far outgrown the I limits of a popular but temporary craze. The ] " wonderful cures" of the mental healers have ! been so persistently proclaimed that a large proportion of average Bostonians are willing at least to admit that "there is something in it." Hundreds claim to have been bene fited ia varying degree by mind-cure treat ments. Many such become themselves healers, and thus the new idea has spread. Jnst now the religious features of the new departure more prominently engross public attention, and clergymen of all denominations are j seriously considering how to deal with what they regard as the most dangerous innovation j that has threatened the Christian church in i this region for many years. Scores of j the _ most valued church members are joining the Christian scientist branch of ; the metaphysical organisation, and it lias : thus for been _ impossible to check the | defection. It is a movement far-reaching j in its influences, and including many thousands ! among its sympathisers, whose ordinary good j intelligence entitles their judgment to respect. A study, therefore, of the details of the novel i scheme becomes at once interesting and soon j fascinating. | Here is a familiar Boston parlor scene; two ! ladies sit a little way apart in Quaker-meeting i silence for perhaps twenty minutes. The face of one is as hotly flushed as if she bad been in dulging in violent exercise, physical instead of mental. The other, the patient, ap parently dozes in her chair. Externally this is all that constitutes a mind-cure treatment, to which hundreds hereabouts are daily submitting. The fundamental idea that underlies the system of mental healing is that there is 110 sncli thing as sickness. Disease, say the mental healers, is an error of the mind, the result of fear. This startling hypothesis entails some very strange and absurd conclu sions. Tlio leader of one of the factions, for there are several in sharp rivalry one with another, gives these instructions for healing:— "Eeasou in your mind that God made every thing good. He is not the author of disease. Therefore, as disease is not a creation it has no existence, but it is merely a delusion of the mind, the effect of fear. Bear is faith in verted and perverted. You are to gain the confidence of your patient; make him tell you the cause of what he thinks is his disease. But with your clearer mind you see that it is not sickness at all. You attain the power of healing by dwelling mentally upon the truth and wisdom of God, and thus the faith of the healer meeting the fear of the patient produces a chemical change in the fluids of the system which results in health." Many invalids are naturally willing to accept this" or any other sophistry in explanation of cures if they themselves are physically benefited. But among the intelligent people in every day life who are studying the mincl cure theories and to a greater or less extent are testing them, the ideas of the teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two have just the same conception of the "science." One lady believes that to be a consistent healer one must be a Universalist in_ religious foitli. Another insists that the minds of her patients shall be made entirely free from guile, and accordingly she asks for a full statement of their lives. Many persons who study the system renounce all religious and superstitious ideas in connexion with it, but recognise the physical phenomena, which they do not attempt to explain, and practise the art as successfully as any. A lady in Hyde Bark, Massachusetts, who takes this position, says she finds herself ^possessed of a power over many serious ills which she hardly knows how to use. She says she prays earnestly and the ailment of the sufferer seems to be transferred to herself. Then she is able easily to throw it off. She does not know whether to call it mind-cure, faith-cure, or magnetism. Some operators say they use no will power, but simply keep before their minds an image of perfect health, • and let God or the truth work through them. Others exert the will intensely to drag out the disease, as it were, by main force. To _ be consistent the leading mind-cure theorists have to maintain some very absurd ideas. Poisons, they say, would be harmless if the fear of them were removed. Children, they explain, are affected because of unconscious, hereditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eudy, leader of the Christian scientist division of mental healers, claims that her husband, who died three or four years ago, was murdered by an enemy among the Scientists who "thought arsenic into him." Some of these queer enthusiasts maintain that mental influ ence does not recognise distance, and that therefore the presence of the patient under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde Park lady has an intimate friend in Sacramento, California, who a few months ago was given up by physicians to die of inflammatory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at 3 o'clock, Boston time, on certain days the invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment of her friend in Hyde Park. It is claimed that Improvement was immediate, and that within a month the patient was able to visit San Francisco with her husband. Another lady in treating absent patients puts a doll in a chair upon which to fix her mind in lieu of the sick person. Most of the mental healers pro fess contempt for the laws of hygiene. They bid their patients eat what they please and act as they please. Mrs. Eddy, however, makes the proviso that they must fie of strong faith that what they eat and do will not harm thc-m. So much for means and methods. "When the enquirer attempts to in vestigate the actual accomplishments under the new pathology he encounters a vast array of witnesses and testimony. But after attempt ing to sift the evidence it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisive verdict. It would be useless to_ deny that, under the influence of the mind-curing practitioners, beneficial and in some _ cases remarkable results are attained. It is not surprising that they are able to "cure" hypochon driacs, whose ills exist only in imagina tion, and it is easy to understand that their peculiar influence is more potent than that of medicine in cases of certain disorders of mental and nervous origin. But when more mar vellous cures are claimed the average sceptic foils back on Dr. Peabody's assertion that a physician's success depends upon the degree in which he possesses the confidence of his patient. _ Complete harmony of mind and con fidence in any remedial agency is a more potent factor in _ any case" than most people, even medical practitioners, gene rally recognise. This fact is the real secret of the mind-cure craze, and with a foundation so substantial it is, after all, hardly wonderful that so vast and fantastic a structure has been erected. Investigation of any of the miracles which it is claimed are wrought is unsatisfactory. Although cases are cited by the hundred of alleged cures of • paralysis, cancer, tumor, consumption, rheuma tism, scarlet fever, spinal complaint, nervous disorders, and minor complaints, there appears to have been 110 genuine, scientific test of the system. There is testimony in abundance, radical, positive, and undoubtedly honest from people who claim to have been cured by the new agency [of organic disease of long standing; but investigation develops so many weak or incredible points that close analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its results, Illustra tions might be detailed by the score, but a single well- authenticated case will suffice. A prominent dentist of this city fell and severely injured his knee. He sent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limfi and diagnosed a fracture, saying that he could plainly detect the grating of the broken edges of the bone against each other. The patient was properly treated, and was adviser! to reconcile himself to several week's confinement. But-, yielding to the importunities of his wife, he allowed her to call in a mind-c-ure prac titioner. lie treated the injured man according to the tenets of the new school, and tried to persuade him that he was not really hint. Finally, he induced him to gc-t up and walk, which he did, at first with difficulty but soon with comparative ease. The dentist walked into the office of the surgeon who first attended him the next mornimr, and the doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This case is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental-healing over old-fashioned , methods. The old-school surgeon, of course, : simply acknowledges that he made a mistaken j diagnosis, and says the gentleman sustained j only a strain of the knee-joint, j Until recently the popular excitement on the ; snbjc-ct had not been utilised for fraudulent i purposes by " scalawags" and professional im i posters. A large majority of the mincl ! cure convents have been women. If they I have been themselves benefited, or j think they have, they begin to study the art and become practitioners. None of this class _ have sought to fill their purses by practising the new method. Most of'thc-m have treated their friends gratuitously, as described above, or have given their time to strangers for some trifling recompense. There have been instances, however, within a few mouths of gross swindling of the credulous by professional cracks, who find it profitable just now to put 011 the mind-cure mantle. A case I in point occurred recently. An ignorant but i smocth-tongueel rascal who is getting rich upon the mind-cure craze was called to treat the wife of a wealthy gentleman. She was suffering from cancer, and the disciple of mental healing guaranteed that he wo'ald cure her. Presently the patient died; Hut the mind-cure man persuaded the husband that he had succeeded in partially curing the cancerous trouble when death supervened, caused by consumption. Accordingly, a bill for 4,000 dollars was sent iu, and the" husband finally paid 3,000 dollars i rather than suffer the embarrassment of a law suit, i'or several weeks past, as stated at the outset, the religious revolution in volved in the new departure has over shadowed the consideration of the physical phenomena in the public mind. The tlieologh cal innovations are coefined to the creed or the Christian scientists, who constitute tnc largest division of the mind-enre host, y-hey make the principles of a new theology indis pensable iu their theories of mental healing. They are led by Mrs. Eddy, who is the high priestess of the whole movement, one claims to be the founder of the science, though rivals deny it, ar.d her account of the divine origin of the faith is worth mentioning. In 1SG15, accord ing to her story, she fell accidentally upon the sidewalk and suffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a few hours. Her pastor called to see her just before the end was apparently at hand and offered her consolation. Hhe begged him to return in the afternoon, but 110 one believed she would then be living. By revelation from heaven at that time God's actual relation towards lier and to the human race was made clear, and she realised that her hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by the truth, would disappear. By the light of her new knowledge, she brought herself by mental process into a proper, attitude toward Jehovah, and when the clergyman called a few hours later, expecting to comfort a bereaved family, slie met him at the' door, liver since, Mrs. Edcly says, she has had the power of heal ing others as she was herself healed. The crec-d which she has formulated as the basis of her system is a peculiar theo logical mixture. But, as Professor Stacy Bowler said in a recent paper on the subject, "If they heal, people will not stop at a [ question of theology. If they heal they will ! carry the day, and they ought to." Hence it is I that Hawthorne Hall, where the Christian : scientists worship, is thronged for an hour i before the hour for service each Sunday. So i caver are people to hear that after the standing i room is all taken, people crowd around out | side the doors, where they can ca tch only an i occasional word or two. The service consists of | ordinary devotional exercises precedingasermon j by Mrs. Eddy. But the creed sheteajh.es is so i blindly and illogically presented, is so full of ap j patently inconsistencies, that it would be an mi ll possible task to describe it even in outline, i " God is an infinite mind ; matter is nothing, j Personality is the embodiment of mind. Eur j giveness of sin means destruction of sin"'—these I are fragmentary ideas gained by listening to i one of Mrs. Eddy's rambling talks. The Rev. i A. J. Gordon, "D.D., a prominent Baptist I clergyman, who has studied the books of the | Christian scientists thoroughly and talked with I all the leaders, pronounces their creed amixture of Pantheism and Buddhism. The delusion, he 1 says, is most insidious. The large use of the | Bible, the strenuous demand for holiness and ; self- abnegation in the disciples, the results I apparently effected in the ministry to the sick i —these are very powerful considerations for at ; tracting converts. And so hundreds of young I ladies especially are drawn into the system under the impression that they arc getting ; some finer quality of Christianity. Dr. Gordon predicts that this is not the final issue. If the body is only a phantom and the flesh only a shadow, by-and-bye some very practical sin ners will take refuge under the system, and insist that the sins of the boky and the trans gressions of the flesh are harmless,,since they are only the phantom of a phantom and the shadow of a shadow. Dr. Gordon regards the whole system as a sort of witches' cauldron, in which every conceivable heathen and Christian heresy is seething and simmering to produce the subtle essence called "mental medicine.' On tlie other hand the Rev. O. P. Gilford, another Baptist clergyman of equal standing, and several other prominent ministers defend the Christian scientists, and_ endorse much of their philosophy, while admitting that much more of it is unintelligible. But the clergy as a whole now regard the subject with grave apprehension, and on all sides they are discussing the situation with great earnestness. They hardly know how to deal with the danger, for the sincerity of all infected with the new faith is undoubted, and any policy of opposition or denunciation serves only to increase their ardor. Scores of appli cations have been made to evangelical churches of the Baptist, Methodist, Con- j gregational, and Episcopal denominations for letters of dismissal that the appli cants may join the Christian Scientists' church. All such applications have been refused, but the converts to the new idea nevertheless worship with those of the new creed. The public discussion of the- new theology was begun a few weeks ago by the Rev. Joseph Cook, upon his Monday lecture ship platform. He endorsed the views of Dr. Gordon, and denounced the Christian Scien tists unsparingly* Since then the subject has been discussed from week to week at one or more of the conferences of ministers of the various denominations. The persons who are most affected by the craze, except the actual converts, are the phy- i sieians; but from them least is publicly | heard. Perhaps the best antidote, after having f spent some time in canvassing the views of the i mental healers and in discussing the theo- j logical side of the subject, is to call upon some , i good old-fashioned physician, who has been ; adding years to men's lives for half a century, j "Doctor," a veteran practitioner was asked j recently, "why don't you take in your sign j now that these mind-cure people have jj shown that no one need be sick unless j lie has a mind to?" "Don't make fun j of fools, young man,", the reply came, "it j only strengthens them in their folly. When j people ask me if there is anything hi mental j healing, I say yes, of course there is. Every < physician knows that when a patient's mind or j imagination is in sympathy with him the work S of curing is in many cases half done. In deal ing with mental and nervous diseases one object aimed at is to secure absolute peace of mind on the part of the patient. Then nature will work her own cure. Sometimes it is necessary to administer .a few bread pills or a few drops of colored water to induce full con fidence. But it is useless to argue with people who try to show that there is no sickness and that poisons won't kill. The craze might as well run its course." 