My New Year's Case. It wasNew Year's Day. I was travelling down froi' London- to a Midland town, called there' on rather a strange errand. I am a medical man,,and had then only lately purchased&a; practice, but hiad t mide much headway in it as yet. - I had received a letter askingme to go down to C. to give my professional opinion. A man hid'died ;-that is, he hlad fallen into a trance for some days, and the local prac titioners could not make up their minds on the matter, or even say that he was dead. A strange errand truly, and I pondered somewhat upon it as we sped swiftly along. Itwas getting' on in'tthe aiftiiErn6on"hen my destination was reached, and the short wintry day was closing in. I found a car riage waiting- for-me at the stationi-and I thought, as I settled myself snugly amongst the cushions, "Evidently these people are somebody, and then, as. the mind naturally reverts to self as the pivot upon which all turis, I wondered idly if, like the," tory Mbooks, this case of mine was to be the be ginning of my future prosperity, and: that ever afterwards I should go on swimmingly. The carriage stopped before as imposing a fhouse as itself. The blinds were all drawn, and there was the usual air of glooni'about the place. I was ushered into a -room, where a servant brought me refreshment and ,lef'ine, saying that her mistress would like *to'see me as soon as convenient. In a short itinie she reappeared, and, conducting me into another room, I found!myself in the presence of the mistress of the house. ..She was a tall, handsome womaq,j11 the prime of life, but there seemed something. very strange about-her. "Dr. M--, I suppose ?'ishe said. : T, I bowed.. , , :i. . * - I , ~,: ; "No doubt you will wonder,at my send. ing for yougbut I had hla~d'of .yo as a ery clever-man." t ' ' - i''11 *i t' i -. I bowed agiin. "And the case:is stich ,a peculiar one'.. My dear husband --" She put her handkerchie to her eyesifor a few moments, "th'en looked up, an cer tainly she didtnodt loo as-if srie ad been weeping.. dd n 1Io.as.;- a* -.if - " You must pardon my natural grief,. but if you', 'ill come this, way youp shall see .! Ifollowed her upstairsi and we stood ity the;bed on,whihh the'dead man lay. 'It ?as not an unpleasant spectacle. He lay, as:if asleep;'there was no change, such as usually followse'dieti, and yet when I had lookbed.on him for'a minute or two I said to myse~ lf "This ;isdeath." ' The .ife broke the silence.' .i ;i "It is threedays since.. He had been a' little 'unwell, but not, as we thought, Sdanigerously'so, when all atoncehecaled \- out my: name, 'and fell backi;not. towiise ,again.';,,. -*; , TJ h , ! ,. ai he a verh e ad a visitationlike this,;i tlat'ii been' in a trance-f'ik'e condition be *r' ''INever;:iwasitheiireply;,',It "wasth'e doqtor, we;,oalled inwhosuggested. that:riti .might be so iThey could not;understand hirdnmbeg so lifelike," .. , . "· lifi'afraid he"is dead;' madam," said I, gravely.; *- ..i. ..f: ' . I i " m': ,,.She turned, herthead away, as she said " 'Do' you, thkinko soI?", but ;; there ,;ere, no tears m her .voice, and I, noticed, .even thouigh nmy sad mision mit be. pposed to occupy my mind to the exclusin'ofneveiry thing else,,that ishe never, lookeda me in the face;when she spoke. I made the uEua.l ex aminations, but could discover no- igns,of life, and.came to the conclusion, that death was caused by syncope. Sie' received 'yti4 opinions with outward.signs ofgrief; and';.e left the, room to its silent tenant. .: ':i: " You will stay here to-night,, doctor, as the distance is so great. A room has been prepared"for you,'and I hope you'will' nake yourself as comfortable as circumstaines will permit,"' and she pressed .into; my; hand a piece of paper. The room into which liwas shown was prepared .with every comfort, and ' was riot sorry to sit down to a sump tnousilittle: repast. When I "looked' at'my fee I was- astonished; the -sum was greater than I had ever dreamed of,.andf I fell intod a it' of muitsig. Was 'there some secret in. this mysterious establishment ?t. And yei,' .what c-?uld there Be-'in connection with t~ the diaid.man.upstairs ? f Nbtffoul play-that I1 could.,vouch;for. ,, And) I dismissed .tie sub-, jeedt from my, mind Alittle later I was preparng 'for rest, though it was rather early,'but'I felt tired'ithi' myo'ng journey, knowing too' tfitt I should ,haive another on1 the morrow,' when Iofbund that I had lost a lette' out: of: my pocket.. iwhere could I haive dropped it'T In the'room where the imaste of the house lay?''Itfmst~i'be'tlere. ]did not like the idea bf servants- fi'idinig it.' Not ithat.;ittiva a v.ery imtportantoi'ne, butI'.: did.notSwish to lose/it .I , knew Iwhere, the roomwas., SupposedL went to look myself, iothibu't troibngo e ny on There'couldb n'o harmn'in th'at. Opeoiing'my doo6'I is;iud forth. 'Alklwas siletiit.':>Perhaps; everylbody, had retired.l No; as L went quietly along, the landing I heard footsteps.i A, figure came out of a room and'crossed over to another. Just as it entered I caught'*i' glimpse of the7face, Great heavens 1l, It was that oW the imain .I had inot 'two-hours, since seei stretched lifeless on his;laetljoed. I cobuld"igo no'firther. j Ilam nrot, apjoward, but for the 'nomen I was .overcome. ..Then reason,came to my aid It was .some phance resemblance.- .+And .ye ,'how ike,; ,how. it struck me wittih recognitioeven ieven the dim light. HBowever,-all desire-of rega?ning-my lost"property had fled I could not enter. that room, andII cSrept dwv?ispairs again to' my own. Once Zhere; I felt little better; and tried to dismiss my thoughts, knowing how utterly impossible' they must be. Ghosts did not uanally walk, before their.iearthly tabernacle was buried When I got to this stage I shook myself for aniidiot, and, some what relieved, sought my bed. It was a bright morning when 'Iawoke, and with the light my fears of the night befioreeemed too absurd to tlhink of.'r My breakfast was brought to me by the gr'ave-lookin'g servant who had before attended me.. I made the loss of my letter iknown to her, arid asked if she would please look for it, adding that I had come oi to the landing,, bit could not see it, and Tsaid carelessly;';' By the' way, I saw a gentleman;as Itiwas-looking who was extremely like your late master." "You were mistaken," she said hurtiedli.' Then checking, herself,- added slowlyi,';'~. yes, "it wasitifaster's biroier you must have seen; theyiare likelas tbWfofe~as". ''; - " Veryg likily," I answeed.; and the wo man,"promiiing to lobk for my lost letter, left the room'; She returned with it in her hand. " You had dropped it in his room, sir," she said. :" - - - - ' - I thanked her, and then prepared to take my departure. Before the afternoon was over, I wasiat',home again,'and my adventure seemed, like a dream. But after, this my aff;irs' di ii improve. Whether"itl was the turn of the tide, or whether it was some in fluence,eI could not tell. The fact remained that prosperity.had set in,., ;; . .. . . Ten" years had gone+ by 'I had settled down, and my 'practice was thoroughly es tablish'ed. 'iI had"not' f?rgtteiln my New Year's case; and' my wife"'~ d"I 'ha'~d fre quently talked 'it over, and :laughed at m~ y fright at the.wonderfulresemblance6: : ; ".Still," she would say ;thoughtfully, "it was a strange ;thing you should receive so much money for such little service.' And I always agreed with her. One morn ing I receiveda' letter with' a French post mark on it'.I turned it over, biit coual make nothing of -it. ' My wife wiaBs as curious as I, and as the geieralitj of people do when they receive a, strange letter, was endeavoring to guess its import" anid sender by minute ex I/ ,? ,' ;? amination of the outside, instead of promptly opening it, and setting doubts at rest at once. At last we did open it,zmy wife -looking over my shoulder, and this is what sce read : "Sir,-Ten years-ag~you:were called in to giaeainedial certificate n the death of my hdsbani, but as he ondlydied a month ago that certificate; was a"sfraud. However, as youwer e an innocent party to it,:you need not have any compunction about that., But he wished before he died that you should be made acquainted with the whole circum stances, and learn that a clever doctor may be at fault. My husband and I made a run away match, and my father was so bitterly .incensedethatJheonever- forgave us; at least" he gave in so far that when he died he left the bulk of his fortune to my children, or if my husband died it was then to.revert to me,.. but nofpehnjcould I touch whilst he was alive., Such were the.provisions of his strange will, and' I, who loved my husband, felt'the cruel injustice of, it when, later on, we fell into difficulties. Here was a large: fortune tied up for possible future heirs (assyet'we had no child), whilst two ;people'were suffer ing from want of money.- In the early,days of our married life we were in prosperity, but speculation proved our'ruin; it has done to thousands. What were we td do?' Thier'eis nothing for it but to die," said my husband one day: I stared, but soon found he was not joking. .I don't know if you have heard of the man who possessed the strange power of throwing himself into a -kind of trance. Drawing. in his breath gradually, he would presently be deprived of all sense and motion, and would become to all appearance lifeless, remaining. so for some time. ]y-and-bye animation would revive. My husband had this power, and you. know how well it was exercised, though it was a narrow escape at last.: We got our money--that is, I did, and as we could not stay in England came. to 'FraWide, wheiewe 'have resided ever aince. I do not think you will hav regretted; 6uI visit;,to C:;:,Ihatdmaiy'influential friends in to~p,'iand,strongly.recommended youtas a thoro?ghly clever man, with what success yo'i r.e th'ebest judge. That was" id. the days gone by. Probably you are at'tli` t6h .of the tree now. "Thankingyou for the service you rendered us,-I remain, yours truly, MiiRiH." .li:Illookeil at my wif?- and Ishe lookdd at ,;" ell "she said, !drawing a deep breath; Sso n yoi were not mistaken after all in the furey'j ou'sawv that might." S'fi?+ A st'range story, truly," was my answer, folding, ;up the letter,; and then, on .second thoughts, flinging it into,the fire... It was' nota letter I cared to have lying about. My thoughts wenhtback to the past. So. ,might really trace the beginning of my, jýosperity toh thneveir +obeforgottn New 'scase. U: o i.: 