A YENDEEAN VICTIM. The Terrible Sacrifice of a Sister for her Brother's Life. Three women were watching an approach ing storm from their cozy sitting-room in the Castle of Theix. When clear, one could view from its windows the whole Bay Morbihan, on the south side of Bretngnc. But now the sky was covered with lowering clouds, and the shades of evening were falling fast. Tho sultry atmosphere thickened ; big rain drops came splashdown and forked lightning danced 011 the white-crested waves. The storm that had been brooding all the after noon broke in real earnest. One of the walchers a young girl, aban doned her post of observation, exclaiming : " What a terrible storm wo shall have !" Deep sighs escaped the lips of the other two. the elder one saying : " Whore is 0111 poor Paul to-night ?" She was interrupted by an old servant bringing in lights. They sat down at tho table, each one seemingly busying herself with some needlework. One of the girls, suddenly looking up from her work, saw that her mother's eyes were filled with tears. She flung her »rras passionately around her neck, saying tenderly : "Be comforted; Paul will return. Fate will not be so cruel as to rob you of your son, Louise of her betrothed, and me of my brother. Why should wo be alarmed ? So far we have received no bad news." " Tis the silence, Marie, that is so terrible. For three long months we hive heard nothing, absolutely nothing. This suspense could drive one mad. O God where is my darling son? Is lie sick, wounded, im prisons I — " She did not dare to pronounce the word that would destroy all her hopes. Mario's thoughts flew to the bloody battle fields, where the defenders of the kingdom were fighting against the victorious lenublic ; to the gloomy prisons, where they awaited, dauntlessly, their death ; to tho forests and ravines, where they hid from their pursuers, might be her brother, the last descendant of a brave noble family, the only hope of her aged mother. Madame de Turgis, who was living with her daughter and nioce in the Castle of Theix, had miraculously escaped from the persecution which had befallen at that time not only the nobles, but all that were loyal to their king. Until now she had lived in peace, although her son had taken an active part in those struggles. Bat what, alarming fears, what anxiety for the absent one, prescribed and pursued ! But these fears had to be hidden, for in those, days no one could be trusted. Friends and servants were suspected, all could become traitors. Only among themselves could they unburden their hearts, bewail tho state of their country, speak of the atrocities com- Mid linno fm fliri rltiv wlion ?i11 fliio . — ..wj.w .w wi.w j would be ended. Madame do Turgis possess ed one true friend. It was their old servant, Henri. He loved his mistress dearly and would have sacrificed his life for her. He was the only one they trusted. The clock struck nine. Henri appeared and sot the table for their simple supper. While he was thus employed, Mine. deTurgis asked him if he had heard any news. " None, my lady, Yes, the fisherman has told mo that tho fate of those poor prisoners has not yet been decided." " The poor soldiers ! What will their fate be ?" asked Louise. "They undoubtedly will be murdered," re plied Marie. " If only Paul " She stopped abruptly. Did I10 accompany Ohnretle, who still was fighting victoriously ? Had he joined Soinbrenil, or had lie succeed ed in leaving France ? Tain questions ! Tiiev knew nothing and dared not to ask. Henri had just served soup when the bell rang. The joyous barking of a dog was heard. "That is my brother i" cried Marie, in glad surprise. Henri disappeared with lights. Deep silence reigned, only interrupted now and then by a peal of thunder. A quickstep was heard, the door opened and a young man stepped into the room exclaiming : " At last ! at last J" He clasped his mother and sister to his breast. Then Louise stepped forward. He held ont his arms to her and enfolded her in a fervent embrace. Madame de Turgie was nearly distracted ivitli joy ; her son was once more with her. She ordered Henri to barri cade all entrances to the castle, so as to guard them from every surprise. All her fears were now allayed. She had only one thought : he is here, lie is saved ! " So you will take part in the coming cam paign ?" Madame de Turgis asked at length, after they had conversed for some time. " Yes, dear mother," said he. " All the survivors of General Charette's followers, of whom I am one, had united with the force under Sombreuil's command. Some of our soldiers held Fort Penthievre, on the Penin sula of Quiberon. The contest at the foot of the fort lasted four days. Nothing had been deoided, until we were betrayed most treacherouslj'. Our troops were faced on one side by the sea, on the other side by the sea, 011 the other side by the columns of the re publican army, which advanced rapidly. What a horrible sight, this desperate human mass, whose only choice was either the enemy's bayonets or the roaring waves. The English fleet whiGh had landed us made no attempt to assist us. Some, furious at the double treasion, plunged their swords into their breasts, while others blindfolded their horses and precipitated themselves into the waves. But you — you, my son how did you es cape ?" " Our division covered the landing-place. We sought to defend our brethren. Some boats were sent by the fleet, but too late. Only lew could reach them. We fought as long as we could. Our rescue was impos sible ; wo were compelled to surrender. Sombreuil offered his life for his soldiers. His magnanimous offer was not accepted. We were surrounded on all sides, brought to Aurpy, and thrown into I hp prison. A few of us could escape in the general I tumult," ' I "Thank God you escaped?" Paul nodded assentiugly. "Will these unhappy men be sacrificed'?-' asked Louise. "Notwithstanding their surrender?" ex claimed Alarie. " Hoche would respect it, answered Paul. " But there is Tallica. Away with, those sad remembrances. How happy ,1 am to be with you again !" ."And you shall not leave us," said Madame de Turgis, warmly. " If necessary, wo will hide you, so that you cannot be found, even if a whole army came to look for yon. It is to be hoped that better tinie3 ivili come. The general opinion is that peace will soon bo declared. Then tho wish of my heart will be fulfilled." She glanced meaningly at Paul and Louise, the warm bjood running to the cheeks of the latter. " We will live united in this spot, where your father and I have spent so many happy days." Paul made an attempt to 3mile but the expression of pain that fitted over his features did not escape his sister's eyes. Ho kissed his mother's'hand, saying : " If your happiness depends on me " "Only on you, my son. Therefore, be careful ; then everything will be well. But yon are tired and drenched by the rain, aud it is already 11. Notwithstanding the joy I feel at seeing you, I would not rob you of .your sleep. To-morrow, my child, we will see each other again." The young man seemed to obey unwillingly He paced the room several times, looked at the pictures aud furniture, which ho had not seen since ho was a child. He bent over Louiso's work "Is this for me, dearest ?" he asked. " Yes," she answered ; " mother and Marie have also worked for you." "My dear Alarie," said Paul. Ho turned toward his sister, exchanging a look of deep sympathy with her. Had she seen aright, or was it only a delirium. She thought I113 eyes were moist. He suddenly stepped up to his mother and kissed her good-night. He embraced Louise and Marie most fervently, and quickly left theroom,as though through aforcible resolve. Aladame do Turgis and Louise also retired to their rooms, while Marie remained to attend to some trivial matter. Insupportable thoughts crowded upon her. What was the horrible fear that clutched her heart — that stopped ner Dreatn f was ner orotner 111 danger ? She slowly ascended the s'tairs leading to her room. Having arrived there, alio longed to see Paul once more. She stepped out on the balcony and softly approached his window. The curtains were drawn back. Her brother knelt beside his bed. His hands were clasped above his head, as if uttering a passionate prayer. Alario listened intently ; she heard deep-drawn sobs. At last I10 raised himseif ; his face was deadly pale. He set a small alarm clock, and placed it on tho table. His sister did not dare to disturb him. Sho returned to her room. As soon as. sho had entered there was a kuoclc at her door, and Henri, the old servant, appeared. " What is the matter ? What has happen ed to my brother ? she asked, with half-stifled voice. " Qh, mademoiselle, you alone can save him ; you alone can keep him from going ; you — so dearly loved" "What is it? Speak, Henri !" " He will be shot to-morrow if you do not prevent it. The prisoners in Auray were sentenced to-day ; to-morrow at daybreak they will bo shot at Valines." ' And my brother ?" " He also 13 sentenced to death ; but he gave his word of honour to return if he was nllowod to sro rrnno 1 11 ore his beloved ones. Matthew, the groom, has been in Auray. There he has heard all the particulars. Flow shall ho be saved ? What is to bo done ?" " He gave his word of honour," she said, in slow measured tones ; " the promise of a nobleman must bo kept." " He will not break it. This, evening ho said to me : ' Henri, wake me at 4 o'clock ; be careful that 110 one will be disturbed.' I have promised to do it. I must awake hiin to meet his death — the son of my mistress, the child I have worshipped as an idol ! O God, why did yon not spare us this !" While the old man was thus lamenting, Marie's face flushed, her figure seemed to grow more erect. She surveyed herself in the opposite mirror with something akin to pride. Then she said, quietly : " My brother must not die; he shall not die. Do not awake him — everything will be well." "I will do just as you say, mademoiselle. What would your mother do if sho did not possess him ?" Henri ieft her. His fears were allayed by the tranquil words of liis mistress. Alarie felt that there w&3 but one course left. Yes — she would succeed. The moments were precious ; it was already past midnight. She seated herself at the table and wrote a few lines, leaving them unsealed. She cut off her heavy mass of.dark'hair and placed it be side the note. Then she stole noiselessly into Paul's room. He was sleeping soundly, being completely exhausted after the exertions of the day. She stepped softly to his bedside, gazed on him with ineffable fondness, kissed him with a scaroely perceptible touch on his lips. She took away the clock and his clothes. Upon the threshold she paused. " Farewell," she murmured, huskily ; fare well. Alay God protect you." After returning to her room, she hurriedly dressed herself in his uniform and cast one more glance into the mirror. She stepped back surprised, the resemblance wa3 so gteat. Only a mother could have known sister and brother apart. The resemblance that had so often gladdened them when children was to save her brother's life. She went to the stable, and there found Paul's horse ready for the morning. She vaulted into the saddle. She threw a last look up at the walls of the castle, and rode off on her way to Vannes, The morning sun just appeared in tho east and flung out into the sky its banners of crimson and gold when Alarie entered the gates of Vannes. The town was already in commotion. The streets were crowded with people. Following the throng, she came to the prison where the prisoners of Quiberon were assembled. Just as she arrived the roll was called. Marie waited. " Paul de Turgis !" " Here ?" replied a gentle but firm 'voice. Marie joined the ranks of the soldiers! Her heart throbbed wildly. ' She had taken her brother's place, and was achnowledged as he. The first division of victims, consist of seventy men, was headed by General Som breuil. Solemnly they marched along. Marie's companions were too nconpied with their own thoughts to detect the deception. She trembled lest her plan would be thwarted. If possible she would have quickened her steps. At last they arrive at the place where the execution was to be held. A priest offered a prayer for the repose of the unfortunate vic- tims' souls. Marie looked unflinchingly at the files of musketry before her. The corn, maud was given, a sheet of flame flashed forth. Alarie reeled and fell ; a ball had en tered her heart. The clock struck six when Paul awoke .from liis deep sleep. In deadly terror, for it was already day, he sprang from his couch. His clock, his uniform, were gone. Me seized an old hunting suit dressed himself quickly, and hurried out of the room. lieurl rushed up to him with upraised hands. " What time is it ?" said tho young man, desperately. " It is too late," the old servant answered tremulously. "Aliserable man, you know not what that is to me !" "I know it ; it concerns your life." "It concerns ruy honour, and that is more. Hurry and get my lior.se. 1 must go away without disturbing any one. I wished to see them once moie. That was the reason of niy coining. I have given my word to return in time. Now, away, away At that moment Madame de Turgis came rushing up to him. Although they had spoken in hushed voices., she had heard part of their conversation. She - was extremely agitated. "What is the matter? What have I heard ?" she gasped " Keep liini back ; the prisoners; of whom he is one, will be shot this morning." " AJy son ! my son 1 You must die. Your death will be mine ,!" She clasped him iu her arms as if to draw him from the brink of a precipice. In the meantime Henri hurried to Marie's room, hoping that Paul could not withstand the united entreaties of mother and sister. He knocked again ; still silence reigned. He took an old servant's privilege to open the door. He hastened back to his master, who tried to free himself from Louise's embrace, who had also been aroused from her sleep. " Marie has gone ; her bed lias not been touched !" One thought flashed simultaneously through their minds. They rushed to In r room. Paul was the first to see the note. It contained the following . — Dearest Brother, — You shall not die, and your honour shall be saved. Live and comfort our dear mother. Tell her not to grieve for me. I giaruy give my me ror yours. .care well, my beloved ones I In Heaven we will meet! again Marie. " And shall I let my sister perish ?" cried Paul, wildly. He rushed away. At the foot of the stairs stood hi3 groom, who looked as if he saw a ghost. " Is it really you, master ? Who wa3 then the victim who wore your uniform ?" " It was my sister ! Oh, unhappy mortal that I am 1 She has sacrificed herself for me." Ho pressed both hands agaiiiBt his breast, all the blood seeming suddenly to stagnant about his heart. He felt as though life and senses were forsaking him, and then, struck as it were by a flash of lightning, he fell sense less. Aladamo de Turgis, despite her inex pressible grief, felt that she must do every thing to save her son. She almost blessed the unconsciousness that, had come over him. After the swoon had passed away he was raving with fever. Often lie cried : "Paul de Turgis — here!" or "fire!" Then again, " Keep her back, keep her back !" The same day, Louise, disguised as a peasant girl, aud accompanied by Honri and their groom, went to Vannes. The dead — over seven hundred — were still awaiting their burial. After an hour's search they found Alarie. Her glassy eyes still batrayed the restless look with which she had scanned the distance, fearing to the last her brother's ar rival. Louise raised the still, cold form and and kissed the lips closed for ever. Her re mains were placed at the foot of tho altar in their chapel, where two years aftorward Paul and Louise were united. Many days and nights — many weeks — pass ed beforo Paul de Turgis knew what was pass ing around him. He recovered in time, bu- what he had suffered was known only to himt self and heaven. Ho was given back to light and love, but — at a high price — a sister's sacrifice. — Translated for the Argoncmt from the French by Lois. 