THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. The municipal elections took place yesterday in four of the wards of the city, and in three of them the contest was more 0r less exciting although this year there was a marked absence of demonstrations at any of the polling booths. Large numbers polled both in the East and North Wards. In the former the result was doubtful for the greater part of the day, as there appeared to be an absence of organisation. In the North and South Wards the result was certain from an early hour in the morning. Cabs and can- vassers were requisitioned by every candi- date in the respective wards except Mr. J. H. Hocker in Kangaroo Point, who neither hired a cab nor employed a canvasser. The polling for auditors was carried on simultaneously with the election of aldermen. A large number are said to have plumped for Mr. Welsby, who, as will be seen below, polled about 700 votes ahead of the candidate at the bottom of the poll. The counting of the votes occupied a long time and the North Ward results were not received at the Town Hall until about 8 o'clock. Shortly after that hour his worship the Mayor, as returning officer, entered the huge hall of the Town Hall and announced the results as fol- lows - KAsa vi inn R «outhnll S XIaxvvoll 5fl 310 "Majority for Soutliii'l 1Ü NORTH WARD B. H. Babbidge......596 Dr. L. Kesteven......333 Majority for Babbidge...193 SOOTH VI IUD J Duncan T Cow urti SGI 110 "Majority foi Duncan ~l IvlNOtltOO I01NT \l IHD 1 H Hoekei A Love 112 7» JIajoiitj forllookei "¡7 a ¿3 1 1 s fc !? «¡5 1 VVelsbj bil -o2 HO 1 VI 1 nseelles "Jl 111 l"1 C Hotelier 2¡>l LI 313 Informul 1 5-> o "3 > 101 li9 o7 ¿a o U) 311 °"7 l"i b i HS 1S..7 iib Hub 11" 1117 His w oi ship tlicndcclaied Mi It Southall to be elected alderman foi the East Wind Mi B II Babbtdgi aldei man foi the West Wind , Mr James Duncan aldennan foi the botttli Wat d , Ali J II Uockoi tildet man foi the Kangaroo Point Waid, also Mr J D Heal aldei man for the Vallcj Ward, and Mt R b Wari j aldciman for the West Ward, foi tin 5 cars 1SS5 and ISSO And Mi Thomas Nolsbj and Mr F SI Lascelles to be imditois foi 1SS3 The newly elected aldeimen then addiessed the assemblage »umbering about 100 poisons Aldciman SobillUe bnelly thanked the olectots of the East H ud, and piomtsid to do his best foi thointepiveis of tint waul and of the ii hole citj He had noi ci anv doubt of the lcsult aftei seeing the splendid list of names on his lequisition Ile felt, liowcni, that Ins tioublcs weie only about to begin (Ileai, heal ) Ile again thanked thom foi Ins election Alderman Babbidge, who was very heartily greeted, thanked the ratepayers of the North Ward for his re-election. He had to contend with a greater difficulty than he would have had if his opponent had been a stronger man. But there were so many people who thought that Dr. Kesteven had not a ghost of a chance that they did not vote, or were not anxious to do so. He thanked the members of his com- mittee and those who had supported him. He also thanked those who had supported Dr. Kesteven as believing him to be the better man. He bequeathed his contempt to those gentle- men who had brought the doctor out, and who forsook him at the tail of the hunt, leaving him (Alderman Babbidge) to pay the expenses. Mr. Babbidge also explained the circumstances connected with the double letting of the Col- legiate School for the previous night, and con- cluded by again thanking the ratepayers for his election. Alderman Dirsctx thanked thoclectois of tht South Watti foi his ictiiin by so huge i majoiity He lins not much of a talk«, but they would lind lum a vciy good viorkei Aldei man Hociu H bogged to stalo that ho had gi eat pleasut o in standing tt the head of the poll without lining a cab, oi piiiplojuig i sciutincoi or without the aid of eicn any of ' Hocket'sbeei Ho thanked them foi again placing lum in the position-ho would not say lionouiablc position-of aldciman foi in his tvptrience it was one that lmolvod a lot of abuse, und no timuka foi lund wotk Aldciman HLtl cvpiesstd Ins pude at the unsolicited confidente igauneposecl niluiii by the Valley íatepnjers He piomised that his past actions should bo the guide to his fntinc conduct Kofemng to tho woik of the Municipal Council, ho said theie was not tho slightest doubt that much had been done tow aid the lmpiovomcntof the city of Bnsbane It was not then fault that it had not ilso hoon luipi oi ed motallj They had dclibeiatcd foi hours at night as to th" best means for eradicating the enls uising out of houses of ill fame and of impioving common lodging houses But the titi/ens must heal in mind th it until recently they had not the power to deal with any of the matfcis affecting the health and moiahty of the city and cien now then ponoi was itiy small One of the hist things to bo done was to get the city incoipoiatcd and next to baie tht Towns Police Act lppoalcd so far as Bnsbane was concerned Whilst that Act was m foice m Brisbane they had no powei to fianic bj laws dealing vi îth nianj matters that should be undci their control lhe only thing they could do at present was to get the Comnmsionci for Police to assist them They knew, however, in what wa j thoolhccis would assist He had heard indicad with contempt the lcniiuksof some of the candidates made in cnticism of the council's inaction respecting the romula lion of the slauj.hteiiii,; of meat, the regulation of eura, and the inspection of milk lhe can dictate would not have «aid all he did, if he had known, as he should liai e done that hitherto they had not the powerlo deal with those things It was all vciy well foi men to jump up and declaim that the city can be worked on different sanitary punciples The canned would have been able to do a groat deal more if they had been empow ci ed by the Legislature If the ratepayers leturncd suitable men to the council, those mon should haie power to legislate on the lnlcrnnl allans of the city He had some years ago advo catcd that £o00 should bo offeied as a premium for the best sy stem of sew enge They miBht not baie boon able to carrj it all out at once, but the vauous poitions of the system would hai c pi o\ ed to beso many links m the great chatn Looking to the growth of the city and the improvements which had been effected, he thought the aldermen were deseri ing of cicdit for what they had done He would alwajssupportanyimproiemontsso long as thej did not unduly burden the ratepayers He bchoied if they utilised their wharfage sites and expended money on equally rcpro ductile woiks, that they would be gradually able to lessen the general tates He thanked the Valley ratepayers for having leturncd lura for the eighth or ninth time during fifteen j cars, in which period he had only had one years leaie Ho concluded by hinting that he would letneat the close of his piesent ptuod, having, as he believed, contributed his fair share to the building up and irapioieracnt of the city of Brisbane Aldei man Winn retuincd thanks to the îatepajors of the West Ward Ile would simply 'ay that in the past he had done his best, not only for the West Waid, but the city generally This he would continue to do in the futuie Many unpiovemeiits had been effected in the city during the last few ycart, and he would say foi the men in the council that almost eiery one had done his best for the city in general, i athel th m foi the pai tittihi ivaid he represented Tile tiuncil had piojccted mauy ímpoitant works and should Aldei man Portoi i motion foi the floating of a loan of £500,000 be earned it would con »ilerabh affect the future in lfaie of the city He attributed the i eduction in the death rate fiom fever at the hospital to the dforfs of the aldermen, and it gam hnn gi cat pleasure to sec that the disctse ivas being i educed The name* of Messrs Maxwell, Kcstoien, Cowaid, and Loie were called out bj there tuinm" ofheoi, but not one of these "cntlemen carne forward to address the ratepai cr» Mr 1 Wflshv, in icturmni' thanks for being rotuii ed as auditot, said it las really the happiest moment in his life, foi his election was the fiist step m his publie carrrr As a colonnl he would do his bet to work foi the colonv in which he had been boin He hoped the position he had afhiewd t'nfc daj would be tlu foierunnei of bit entrance into the council it elf and'¡mull hisjn nctaiyciicum s'l o > permit eui; to tho ujo J chair itself 'Fxmd cheer? ) >ct>" 4i, Lu-, elie, io M ^ie'che-ii a, present A voto of thanks to the returning officer was moi ed by Alderman H» u, and seconded by Alderman bOUTHAiT, und tho pioceedtngs were bt ought to a conclusion 