MRS. SMITH OF LONG- MAINS.' BY RHODA BROUGHTON. Author of ' C r meth up as a Flower,' Good-bye, Sweet- h-ait,' ' Not Wisely, but Too Weil,' Nancy,' Bed as a Lose is She,' Etc. Scene I. It was a bitter January morning, a morn ing that obviously was not goit g to mend into a tolerable day, but bad every intention of increasing into an intolerable one. The state of the weather was perhaps enougn to account for that of my appearance, as to the unfavourable condition of which the chorus of comments from three over-truthful daughters, could not and did not lean me in doubt for a moment after my entering the breakfast room. . . 1 How wretched yoo look 1' said Alice, the eldest. f ... You are in for one of your bad colds,' said Ruth, the second. ' You have been writing upstairs in a without a fire, as we forbid you to do,' said Susan, the youngest and most tyrannous. I m&oe; no sort of answer to these compli ments, but, walking up to the fire, stood holding my bands to the blase. Do not pley us the earoe trick that you did last year,' said Alice, setting a chair close to the fender for me, 1 and fall ill on the eve of < he bachelors' ball 1' .. ' No,' added Ruth, laughing ; 1 we bore it once in a way, but we draw the line at a second time 1 'You would not palm es off again upon Lady Brown, would yon?' asked Suean, ooaxicgly, kneeling down on the tag beside die, and beginning to rub one of my cold hands between her two warm onee. ion would not entrust your little onee to an m?!ki8r who ea'8 aupper until she cannot see, ana then snatches there away just as the real fun is beginning.' It is very odd,' said I, with a somewhat sarcastic crossness. How solicitous you girls always grow about my health at this time of year. I might be moribund ail through Lent without any of you perceiving I think we are very kind to yon all the year round, returned Sue, giving my hand, which she still chafed in her own, a rather rebuking pat. 4 It is very carping of you to notice it if we are a little more attentive one month than another.' . 1 Well, don't be nexvons,' said I, trying to laugb. 4 When the day comes you will not find me absent from my bench of torment.' But at that they all burst npon me in full ory. 4 Your bench of torment ! Well, I do call that hypocrisy, mammy 1 We always eay that nobody enjoys a ball so muoh as you ; it is invariably we that have to drag you away, not you us.' I had not spirits to disclaim. 4 If I were yon,' said Alice, authoritatively, 4 1 ehould just go straight back to bed and have some sal volatile and water.' Or some white wine-whey,' suggested Ruth. 'Yes, do,' eaid Susan, (andl will come and read you to sleep. You always say that my reading puts you to sleep faBter than any one's.' That is a left- handed compliment, Sue,' said Alice, langhing. I know it is,1 replied Sue, composedly, 1 bat she dees say so, don't yon, mammy ?' Will not yon come now — at onoe ?' asked Alice, taking my other hand. It woold be far the wisest plan if you oould get into a good perspiration ' Bat at that I found voice to interrupt her, rising suddenly from my chair, and flinging away the caresses of my too officious children ' I do not know what you would be at,' said I, indignantly. Quelle mouehe vous pique? What possesses you all with the idea that I am ill? Have I made any oomplaint? though, indeed, to have six gimlet eyeB fastened npon yonr face, and three oroaking voioes in your ears, is enough to make you ill if anything is. For heaven's sake disabuse your mind of this extraordinary fancy, and let ns come to breakfast 1' There was suoh unmistakable exasperation in my tone that my ehildren saw I was not to be trifled with, so, acqoieBoing in my proposition, they and I sat down to break fast. Bat I caught them several times ousting surreptitious glanoes at me to see whether I ate as usual, and whether or not I shivered aguishly in the ohxll with which they were so determined to oredit me. To banlk them I dodged behind the tea kettle, and tried to eat more heartily than my wont, in whioh, however, I was not very suooessf ul. Conversation was slack, which, to do us justice, it was not apt to be at our breakfast table. Its present flagging condition was attributable, I imagine, partly to my sup posed ill-health (my appearanoe must have been very much more deplorable than I had had any idea of), partly and chiefly to the absence of the master, always, when at home, the originator or fosterer of every joke, and who last night set off for Ireland, in which ooontry he, for the punishment of his sins, possessed some landed estates. 4 Poor daddy !' said Alice, looking towards his vacant place. He must have had a cold crossing laBt night. I woke at four this mnmincr. when he must have been just half- way over and thought, " Poor Daddy ! rather you than I !" ' 4 I dreamed of him,' eaid Ruth — suoh an absurd dream. I dreamed we were giving a large party on the sly in hiB absence, and that be came back unexpectedly in the middle of it. like Sir Thomas Bertram in Mansfield Park,' and that we were all in such a fright. I woke just as I was trying to hide one of my partners between the legs of the billiardroom table— such a likely place to escape detection 1 They all laughed. And I,' said Sue, 'slept so soundly that I never once thought or dreamt of him at all— rather brutal of me !' It is fortunate that one is not answerable for one's dream self,' said Ruth, recurring to the thought of her own dream ; one is sometimes such & rogoe and sometimes suoh a booby in one's dreams. c And you, mammy V said Sua, amiably Irvine to draw me into the conversation, from whioh, oinoa the begin., ing ol break- fast I had almost entirely excluded mjMjlf, What sort of a night had you ? The drunkard's heavy slumbers' (laughing) like m?n or pleasant and probable visions like ®B5t"i wMpK>ventad from replying to this ancetion by tho entrance of the bqtler, who umein to »k whether there were any orders fnr the coachman. . . ' Barely not,' raid Alioe. anewenog for me. « We ehail be skating all the day, and yon yon will not be so insane as to stir from the rhave always disliked being answered lor. I h.ve alweTsTnown perfectly what my own ?.pitp«mdtpM J&g-; /"fed growing tendency to »PV ,ot m already on several previous occasions | fidgetted me. After a moment's hesitation I turned to the butler, saying, 4 There are no ord rs for him this morning ; if there are any !or the afternoon I will let the coaclaman know at lunoheon time.' Having thus established my authority, I rose and left the rcom rather disagrees ' ly, conscious that the girls were whispering behind me. However, I suppose they saw that I was not in a humour to be trifled with, and wisely forbore from offering me any more of their extremely ill-received adviee. By-and-bye I saw them all three setting glee fully off with their skates over their arms to the frozen mere, of whioh I oould oatch a glimpBe — etiff among its stiffened sedges — between the brown limbs of the January trees. I watched them till their light figures, their tailor gowns and tight jackets were quite out ot sight, apd then returned to the oak drawingroom, in whioh I always spent my mornings. Here I at onoe fonnd traoes ot that solieitous oare for me on the part of my girls, which my ferocity had hindered them from expressing in words. My favourite chair was drawn close up to the hearth ; every ohink of window carefully closed— usually we were a madly open- air family. On a little table at my elbow stood a bottle of salvolatile, one of camphor, a small jug of hot water, and several lumps of Bugar. I rang at once, and had them all taken away. Then I eat down by the fire and sat staring into it for the best part of an hoar in entire idleness. I was not apt to be suoh a drone. Occupation I bad always in plenty. What mother of a family and mistress of a house hasnot ? And, to do myself justice, I had ordinarily no inclination to slight my duties. But on this particular morning I neither turned nor attempted to turn my hand to any one thing. I sat over the fire ; not even shivering or sneezing (for my children were on a wrong scent when they made up their obstinate young minds that I was threatened with influenza), occasionally conscious that I was muttering to myself under by breath. At last, 'this will really not do,' said I aloud, pushing back my chair from the fire. ' I do not know what has come to me. I hope that I am not going off my head.' So saying I put my. hand to my forehead, in which there was & disagreeable pulse beating, and walked to the window. An ogly griding, black frost, long, iron-bonnd bare borders, through which it seemed impossible that crocuses oould ever push their gracious golden heads ; a sad robin, a chaffinch, and three sparrows, all hungry, and naturally silent, seeking on the gravel walk the poor remains of the crumps thrown out at breakfast. There was nothing assuredly in the face of the outer world to put me in better spirits. But, none the lees, did I continue aimlessly to gape at it. ' Shall I ?' said I, under my breath ; ' anyone would say I was mad if I did, it would be the ne pins ultra of folly and irrationality ; if the girls heard of it and of my reason, they would think I was ripe for Bedlam ; but — but it would be a relief 1 After all, I am mistress in my own house, why should not I ? I will.' I almost ran to the bell, and rang it sharply. But, in the interval between my having palled it and the appearance of the servant who answered it, there was time for another change to come over my spirit. It is twelve miles if it is a step,' said I, internally, ' the days are dark at fonr ; if I give way to these imaginings, I shall gradually become unfit for all the ordinary duties of life ; it may be an insidious form of hysteria.' The footman entered. 4 Some eo&ls; please,' said I. I resumed my place by the fire, and took np some knitting. Turning the heel of a stocking requires some attention. It might absorb mine. In vain. My heel, or rather Ruth's— 1 had rashly embarked upon hers — entirely failed to follow, even approximately, the outline of the human foot, and l dropped it baok into the workbasket. I picked up a novel. Alice had described it as breathlessly interesting, and, indeed, bad sat np late over night to finish it, nnable to tear herself away from its pages. I could not chain my mind even so far as to make acquaintance with its characters. I laid it, too, down. 4 1 believe the girls are right.' I said, ' I must be ill; this restlessness must be the fore runner of some eerions sickness.' I walked uneasily out of the room into the adjoining one, which, as we never sat in it except of an evening, looked unfriendly and formal by daylight, then out into the hall, down a passage into the billiardroom. I had no motive for going there or anywhere else, only I oould not keep still. As my eye fell on the billiard-table, I remembered Ruth s silly dream of having hid her admirer between its legs. What an absurd dream ! All dreams are absurd ! I strayed baok into the hall, and again looked through tbe window. The drive stretched away before me, dark coloured between the whitened winter grass. 4 It would take an hour and three-quarters, driving at a gcod space,' said I ; ' if I set off at two, I should be there by a quarter past three. I need cot stay more than half an hour, and ehould be back here by half -past five ; pooh I In the ooontry that is & mere nothing. I will decide to go.' A second time I pulled the bell ; but a second time, before it was answered, half a dozen adverse thoughts rushed into my mind, and made me repent my resolution. The road, as far as I remembered it— for part of it I had travelled only onoe or twice in my life — was not a good one. The stables might be cold, and give the horses influenza, & pleasant piece of news with which to greet the master of the house on his return from Ireland. That last thought was conclusive. I would abandon the idea definitively. And meanwhile the footman had eome in, and was looking expectantly at me. What oould I be supposed to have rung for? My fancy supplied no suggestion. ' Never mind,' said I, stupidly, ' it was a mistake; it was nothing.' At the same moment the baok door opened, and in came the three girls, bringing a whiff of frost, and buxom health and jollity with them, and still — as I was not long in dis covering — possessed with that baleful idea of my ill-health. 'Mammy! what are yon thinking of? Oat in the draught, away from the fire. Baok, back, this instant !' Did you take the salvolatile ?' asked the first, anxiously. 4 Did you try the campher ?' inquired the second. Did you see that we had put the sugar handy for you ?' asked the third. 1 1 all your kind remedies,' replied I drily, 4 and I had them all at once removed, I see no reason why a perfectly healthy woman's drawingroom ehould be littered with physio bottles.' While I was speaking the gong sonnded ; for some reason, I forget what, we were lunching earlier than usual that day— at 1. The girle scampered off to get ready. During our repast I do not think that I was much more loquacious than I had been at breakfast, but m ' ohildren made up for my silence by the volume of their chatter. Once or twice tfaey asked me why I was looking out of the window, and what I expected to see there ? In point of fact, I was repenting of my repentance, but I need not eay that I did not tell them so. Towards the middle of luncheon the butler again inquired, ' whether there were any orders for the coaohman ?' 4 Surely not,' said Alice, answering for me, ' the roads are like looking- glass, and it is beginning to snow, even if you were well.' 4 Tell (he coaohman,' said I, interrupting her with seme tartness, 4 that I will have the brougham at two. There was a moment of Bilent consterna tion among my little flook. ' Then, if it is only that yon want to go for any shopping,' said Ruth, in a conciliatory voice, ' could not you let us do it for you ?' 4 1 am not going into Leighton,' replied I, Bhortly. Another moment's silence. 4 Gome now, where are you going V cried Sue, getting up, coming over to, and kneeling down, beside me in order to try, as I knew, what personal wheedling (usually a very effective weapon in her hands) oould do with me. 1 Why are you so mysterious ?' 4 1 am n t aware,' replied I pompously, ' that I am answerable to my ohildren for my goings out and comings in,' then, sinking & less majestic tone, ' have no objection to tellir g yon where I am going.' (This was not quite true.) ' I am going to c&li; on Mrs. Smith.' 4 Mrs. Smith !' 4 Mrs. Smith ! P 1 What Mrs. Smith?' in three different keys of d sapproving astonishment. 4 Mrs. Smith of Longmains.' 4 Why, you do not know her.' Why, it is twelve miles off.' 4 Why, daddy and Mr. Smith are not on speaking terms.' 4 1 beg your pardon,' replied I, gaining in firmness as I perceived the weight of opposi tion brought to bear upon me. ' I do know Mrs. Smith. I have no dislike to a long drive, and if the men of two families eome to loggerheads it is the more reason why the women should try to keep the peace.' The girls gaped at me. But why to-day, in Heaven's name ?' 4 Why not to-day ?' It seemed as if the bntler had taken npon himself to answer my question, for he had again entered the room and was speaking. 4 If yon please, the coachman is very sorry, but tbe roads are like Aice, and he has not had the horses roughed.' I hesitated. That settles the question, ' cried my eldest girl, triumphantly. 4 Does it?' said 1, tonieed back into instantaneous deoision. Let him send for the blaoksmith at onoe to rough the carriage horses as quickly as he oan. I must have the brougham as soon as it oan be got ready, whatever the weather. Servants never look surprised, and the girls were too angry with me. and I suppose thought me too great a fool to be worth spending any more breath upon, so I had no further remonstrances from them to battle with. It was past three o'clock, instead of two, before I started, bat I did set off at last ; I got my way ! Scene II. I got my way — always a pleasant thing to do. Bnt I think in this case tbe pleasantness inseparable from making one's will override ii ns hoij '""sswuiwii"— www towiiwnimiim>l|,w.w>im|,l,|„ is the wills of other people was reduced as low as it well could be. I was setting off on a raw winter afternoon, with a rising wind, falling barometer, and thickening scow, upon a twelve miles' drive along a ratty road, to visit a woman whom — despite the stoutness of my assertions to the contrary to my children I soaroely knew, against whose huBband mine had a rooted prejudice, and for bringing her into more intimate relations with whom I was well aware that he would be lees than moderately grateful to ma. Why, then, was I doing it ? This is the question that I am about to answer, and, when it is answered, you will probably think me an even greater fool than did my girls, who were ignorant that I had any reasons beyond native pig- he&dednees.; „ . It would be patting the amount of thought that I was apt to devote to Mrs. Smith far too high to say that I thought of her once a year. She had certainly never crossed my mind on the previous day. Why, then, was it that no sooner was 1 asleep last night than I was with her? It would have seemed natural that I, who daring all my waking hoars had been occupied with my husband his plans, hia departure, his absence, his return, should, if 1 dreamed at all, have dreamed of him. He never once crossed my brain, I had other absorbing subjects of interest— an attachment of Sue's that I disapproved of, and over whioh I worried head and heart through many an anxious hour ; a budding taste for play in my eldest boy ; debts of his to be hidden from his father ; a wearing fear le6t my excellent younger son should break down under the strain ot his examination for the Indian Civil Service. Ycb, 1 had a choice of nightmares in my stable, a row of skeletons in my closet, any one of which would, one might think, have furnished the stuff for my sleeping thoughts, as they did unceasingly for my waking ones. Not at all ! I passed them all by, to dream, wholly, connectedly, and with an astonishing vividness, of Mm. Smith. I was with her In a room — a room I had never, to my knowledge, been in before, presumably at Longmains, whose doors I had never entered. It was a room simply. No feature of it impressed itself with any distinctness on my memory, as I have heard has often been the ease in other vivid dreams. On reflection, I was not sure that I should know it again. Of one only fact in connec tion with it was I quite certain, and that was that, as we sat together at the fire, the door, the only door the room possessed, wae on our left hand. We were sitting, as I say, together by the fire. There was a clock on the mantelpiece — what kind of a olock it was was dim to me, but there was a clock, for I remembered hearing it tick, Mrs. Smith was sitting opposite to me, her back towards the door, facing which I was. I could see her features as plainly as 1 had dose Sue's when she knelt beside me at luncheon asking why I was so mysterious. I could not have believed that I knew Mrs. Smith's face so well — her unimportant nose, her Blightly indicated eyes, lnstrele68 hair, and character less figure. But out of some lumber-room of memory they must have started, conjured up by the strong spells of sleep. It waB a perfectly connected, rational dream. I was I, and she was Mrs. Smith. She was nob half Mrs. Smith and half somebody else. She did not suddenly and without exciting any surprise in my mind — so eccentric are the laws of dreamland — become metamorphosed into another person. She was, and continued to be, Mrs. Smith of Longmains.. Tbe one thing that clashed with probability was tbe fact of my being sitting Ute-d tete with Mrs. Smith in any room late at night, for somehow I knew that it was late at night. I do net remember looking at the olock, but I was by some means aware that suoh was the case. We were both working, and one of us had said something about its being twelve o'olook. This was followed by Mrs. Smith making an observation which I had forgotten. I was sure that I had heard it perfectly at the time, for immediately on waking I had recalled it, but afterwards it had escaped me, and, make what efforts I might, I was enable to recapture it. After all, it was of no great consequence whether £ remembered it or not. What I did remember, with a Btsrtlfng distinctness, was that no sooner had she ceased speaking than there came a knock at the door. I remembered thinking that it was an odd time of night for anyone to knock at the door, but Mrs. Smith showed no surprise. She eaid, phlegmatioally, 4 Come in and the door opened at once, and in walked the butler. For some strange dream reason I could not see his face. It was all mist and blnr to me. On waking, 1 feit sore that I should not be able to recognise him again. I was only consoiouB that he was a young man. He had a coal box in his hand and the next thing of whioh I was awaro about him was that he waB kneeling at the hearth, making np the fire. Again it struck me that it was an odd time to choose to make up the fire. I had, as I tell you, for some reasonless reason, not seen his face, though it must have been turned towards me as he entered the room ; but, as be knelt a t the fire, I saw his back, eaw it so clearly that I felt that, stoop ing in the e&mc; attitude over th$ 5 flame, I should redognifie is among lea thousand. I saw it far more distinctly than, | drove along, I 'saw the /frozen 'pastures and the shivering sheep. Mrs.' Smith had risen from her chair ahd walked to the other eide of the small room, Where she stood doing something — I don't what— at n piece of furniture with drawers in it. I was not looking at her, but at tbeman, and suddenly I found myself wondering what that was that I saw sticking up dimly visible out of his coat-tail pocket. As I wondered, I became aware that he was stealthily rising to his feet, and that his hand was cautiously travelling to his pocket In search of that very object which had arrested my attention. Io another second he had drawn it out — it was a revolver— had cooked it, aimed it at his mistress's head, and fired ! There was a thud. & horrible thud, that I heard plainly even now as I drove along in my safe brougham, and I woke screaming— screaming so loudly that if anyone had been occupying a room near mine th6y must have been awoke by the sound ; but, as it happened, nobody was. The girls were separated from me by a long passage, and the servants were in an entirely different region; The dream had been so much more real thkn reality that it must have been some mioutea— it seemed to me hours— before my reason could assert itself enough to tell me which was which. I do not know how long it was before I at length summoned up resolution to strike a light, and, shaking with terror, so that I could hardly hold the candle to get out of bed and examine the room for some indication of what could bae been the cause of that dread, dail noire, which I could by no possibility believe to have existed only in my imagination. I searched in vain. The windows were all securely fastened, the door bolted, as I had left it over night. The pictures hnng on the walls; there was no briok fallen from the chimney on the hearth ; not even a handful of soot or a starling's nest. Nothing — nothing any- I crept back to bed, still quivering in every nerve. I must make up my mind that the whole thing had been the work of my own fawny, presernatur&Uy; alive in sleep. Good heavens! Could the power of any imagina- Sion be adequate to presenting to me with the astounding vividness mine had done the figure of that man, kneeling with his back to me by the fire, and stealing a covert hand to that coat pocket. I shut my eyes ; still I saw him. and with such distinctness I felt that if I put out my band I must touch him. I lit another oandle ; still I saw him. I hid my head under the clothes ; still I saw him. The cold sweat stood on my forehead. I Iy in an agony till daybreak, and, when the reassuring light began to oreep in, I became a little more able to summon to my aid such reason as I was master of to eorreot the hitherto overwhelming influence of that grisly vision. Several circumstances of improbability in the dream presented themselves with some reassurance to my mind. The murderer, as seen by me, had been a young man. Now, I happened accidentally to have learnt only lately that the Smiths possessed as butler an old family servant, who had lived with them over thirty years, and whom they were most unlikely to have parted with. Aleo, through out the dream I w&3 conscious that, but for servants, Mrs. Smith and I were alon8 in the house. Now, only yesterday one of the girls had casually mentioned meeting Mr. Smith ia Ltigbton. As the light broadened, I dwelt with more and more confidence cn thtsi discrepancies, and was able to go down to breakfast presenting such & distant resemblance to my usual self as I have described. But wnen left to myself aiter breakfast, with nothing to distract my thoughts, and no appearances of equanimity to keep up, the vision returned upon me with almost its first force. Again I saw that kneeling figure, that Btealthyrising, that travelling of the hand to the coat pocket. I heard the click of that cocked revolver ! I could not bear it. It must mean something ! I must go to her. Must warn her. As you know, I rang the bell to order the carriage. Bat in the interval before it was answered, the vision p&Bsed;, reason, or what I supposed to be reason, reasserted its away, telling me how shadowy was the pretext upon which I was going to intrude upon this stranger ; hew little my husband would thank me, etc. This same thing was repeated more than once ; it was only Alice's triumphant ' That settles it !' which gave me the final impetus that enabled me to decide whiob of the two courses to adopt. Though, indeed, I thought I muBt have gone in any ease. I could not get that man's kneeling back from before my eyeB. I could not have faced another night alone in the dark with it. So now, icader, you know my reason for setting off at half-paBt three o'clock on a January afternoon upon a twelve mile drive along a rutty road with rising windand thcaen- ing snow, to visit an almost entire stranger, whom my husband cid not wish me 10 hold any communication with. Probably you think me as great a fool as the girls would have done. I was too much occupied with my own thoughts to notice the weather or the landscape much. I was worried with the stupid effort (which yet I could not help making) to recall that remark of Mrs. Smith's, which had immediately preceded the knock at the door in my dre£.m. In vain, no glimmering of it would r cur to me. I was etill cudgelling on my re«tive memory for it when my attention was awakened by the carriage stopping, and the footman appearing at the window. If you please, the coschman ia afraid he is not sure which of these roads he ought to take.' I put my head out. We were at three crose roads. # , T . A. 4 Why, there is a sign post 1' eatd I tartly. '.Why do not you look at it ?' If yon please, the names are &11 rubbed OUffere the cosebman leaned from his box to join io She conversation. 4 The mow is ccrniog on veiy thick, ma'am; I doubt our getting to Loagmaics 1 A all events, we will try,' replied I with decision. Go slowly atehg whichever road you think i oke most likely until you pasB a cottage, or some inn at which you can ask.' I was obeyed. We moved slowly in a dismal uncerteiafcy for someway ; in the waning light the figures of the two men, with their whitened hats and great coats, grew indistinct. Then we stopped again. Praise heaven we had met someone ! I let down the glass to look and listeD ; ye, there was a whitened countryman standing in the snow, being questioned. He was deaf apparently, and it was some time before he could be got to understrnd the drift c£ the interrogatory addressed to bim. When at Jength he did, I gathered from his words and gestures, as well as the wind would let me, the reassuring information that we had come wrong. And, as ill-luck would have it, the road had narrowed eo much tbat we had to go on for some distance before finding a place wide enough to enable us to turn. So that it must have been fuhy half an hour from the time of our firet passing it before we found ourselves once again at the finger post ; that blind leader of the blind. The dark had fully fallen before we found onrselves rolling noiselessly as snow could make us over the cobble- etonod streets of a little country town. 4 This must be Saloote,' said I to myself, 4 I know that Saleote is their town. Courage 1 We can't be very far off now.' Let no one hollow before they are out of the wood !' This thought bad scarcely passed through my mind, before I was ccnscious of a jolt, severer than any tbat the snow-wrappid pavement of Saleote could inflict ; the carriage gave a sort of dip on one side j in an iEStanc the horses were pulled up on their haunches ; the footman off the box ; and holding the carriage door open. If you please, m'm, you will have to get out, one of the wheels has come off.' 1 did not need a second bidding. In an instant I was out standing in the snow, and peering with the help of Salcote's dim street gas at one of the hind wheels, in order to verify my servant's words. They were but too true. It had come off. Fortunately, in to doing it had fallen inwards, instead of outwards, in which latter case the carriage must, of course, have been overturned. I stared stupidly at it. Was this a judgement on me for my pigheadedness ? What was to be done V 4 W hich is the best inn in the town ?' aBked I, addressing generally a group of g per, which, snowball-like, had gathered round ina , and my broken wheel. Half a dozen voices instantly cried ' White Hart'— as many dirty fingers pointed up the street where, about a hundred yards off, I could faintly see an old- fashioned sign hanging out. I suppose,' said I, disconsolately, to the coachman, who was already beginning to unfasten the traces, 4 that you will have to stay here the night ; I must go home in a fly.' As I spoke I set off to walk to the Wuite Hart, which I reached in about two minutes. My carriage has broken down,' said I as I entered, addressing the civil woman — -land lady, I suppose — who came to meet me. 4 I want a fly at once, please, as soon as it can be got ready. Have yo.u one in ; a good fly ? I want a good fly at once. pleas8,' repeating the words with an emphasiB which I thought must impress them upon my hearer. She assured me that she had ; though from the length of time that had elapsed before it appeared, I have since felt certain tbat she had not spoken the truth, but had to wait in hope of the return of some vehicle now oou v eying another fare, and of some poor, tired horse, destined through me, to be baulked of his hard-earned feed. And as I sat waiting in the little inn parlour, my thoughts were not of the moist complacent. Perhaps I had had enough of havL g my own will now 1 After all, I had better henceforth submit tamely to Alice's rule. I was clearly not fit to rule myself. Into what a stupid quandary had I brought myself; guided only by the Will-o'-th'- Wisp of a senseless dream. Well, the only rational course now left me to adopt was to return home as quickly as possible, acknowlege my folly, submit with what good humour I could muBter to the just laughter that folly would provoke, and resolve never to make such a fool of myself again. As I so re solved. a girl entered to poke the fire, and ask if I would like to take anything. I refused, and inquired how far they called it to LongmainB. 4 To Loagmains, m'm? About three miles, m'm ; not quite three miles, but it is not a good road.' She left the room again. Not three miles ! To have come so near, and then turn back ! Should I turn back ? Should I go on ? As I hesitated, again I saw that kneeling figure stealthily rising, with its backward travelling band I looked round with a shiver. I wished the girl would come in again ; I wished that I was not alone in the room. I shut my eyes, and still before them was that keeling figure. I must go on ! I would go on ! At the same moment the landlady entered to tell me that the fly was at the doer, and I followed her out. There it stood, with the horse's head — is was a disspirited, disap pointed head, poor beast — turned towards my own home, and the footman holding the door open. I got in. 4 Home, m'm ?' asked he, touching his hat, and evidently in no doubt as to the an 6 we r. No,' said I desperately ; to Longaaaina.' For an instant he looked staggered, as if doubting his own ears, then prepared to get on the box. Slay V said I, you must not come with me; you must find your own way home and tell the young ladies not to be alarmed, however late it may be before I return, and tell him to go on and drive as quick as be oan.' I was cff. We clattered with a spurious briskness until we had left behind us l he streets of the little town. Then we dropped into a hired crawl, in which we continued. The horse was evidently all but done. Ah ! but for me, he might have had his poor nose in his manger ! They certainly bad not erred ou the side of exaggeration who had told me that the road was cot a good one. It was abominable. I was tossed up in the air and oaugbt again a hundred times, like a cup and ball, k>y tJie monstrous ruts. Toe fly smelt rampantly of straw and lust and worm-eaten eloth ; the piercing winds blew through it. If anyone in after time ever asked me what was the distance between Saleote aj» always answered thirty pules. Ana I rea y believed it. _ . +v.a At last, however, we stopped at a gate, tns driver got down — there was np lodge and after interminable fumbling he opened it, and we passed through. There were three more gates, at a 1 of which he 8 tbat when at last we drew op at p hall door had the pleasure of hearing the hour of six told distinctly by Bevetal clocks within and without the house. . . What an hour at which to call, with a twelve miles drive home afterwards . If a white- headed seneschal — obviously the con fidential family servant of whom I had heard — appeared in answer to mv ring, I would thrust in my card, and return whence I came, without asking to ba admitted. I waited breathlessly. It was some time before anyone appeared. Who, indeed, would be expected to arrive at such an hour ? At length there was a sound of steps, -and of & turning handle. The door opened, and in the aper ture appeared a man. Was be an old i or young one 1 I craned my head out feverishly to ascertain. Young — obviously younv. But, perhaps, he was a footman. Again I stared feverishly out. No, he was not in livery. FTfl was a butler, and he was a young man. Scene IIL Mrs. Smith's was not a face upon which. | imagine, as a rule, any emotion painted itself with muoh vividness. It was a dull, flat, mask- like face ; but there was one feeling that epen my entry it showed itself at all events fully capable of pourfcrayiog, and tbat wue astonishment. I shall never fat get the way in which her eyts and mouth opened as 1 sheepishly followed my own name er drawingroom. She rose from a work-table at which she was sitting, and aovanc6d to inte rne civilly enough ; but all over her face was written such an obvious expectation of hearing from my lips some immediate explanation oi this surprising visit, that not atl the shook of ike diset very tbat, in its first particular that of the changed butler — my dream was fulfilled— could prevent my feeling covered with confasion at my own appareot intrusiveness. - 4 1 am afraid this ia rather a late hour at which to call,' said I constrainedly — she tried to put in a faint disclaimer — 4 but the fact is I met with an accident on my way. My carriage broke down in Saleote — something went wrong with the sxletree.' 4 Indeed ! I am very sorry,' perfectly politely, bus still with that undieguieable lock r»f astonishment and expected explanation. Is must be remembered tbat sbe had been- living twelve yearB in the neighbourhood, and that I had made no slightest attempt to visit her before. And so I had to wait till a fly could be got ready, whioh threw me later still,' con tinned I, boldlv. She again repeated : 4 Indeed !' and that sbe was very sorry, adding that the Salccte flies were very bad ones ; but I saw the puzzled look grow acuter, and I could follow the chain of thooght that was running through her mind as plainly as if it had been written on a piece of paper before me. Tbat my carriage should have broken down, anc that yet I should have been so determinedly resolved to visit her as to push od in the teetc of circumstances in a monldy fly at eix o'clock at night, and on such a night, was the problem, her total inability to solve which she was perfectly UDable to disguise, nor could I help her. It was utterly impossible that I could tell her what motive bad brought me. Had ehe been another kind of woman, I might possibly have confessed mvseit to her ; but, being such as she was, I felt that I had sooner be torn in pieces by wild horses. As we were toilsomely trying to keep up a conversation rendered almost impossible by our relative positions, the butler entered, bringing tea As he sat down the tray on the tea table, I could not help stealing a sidelong glance at his face. It told me nothing. I had never, to my knowledge, seen it before, nor was it one that I ehouid ever have noticed. But, then, neither had I seen the dream face. It bad been nnaccountably hidden from me. As socn as he had left the room, I said abruptly, ' So yon have lost your old butler.' A fresh acoese of surprise overlook her, as I saw. .How did I know that they had an old butler 1 4 Yts,' she answered slowly, 1 we kept him as leng as we could, poor old man, beoause we were so fond of him, but he grew so infirm at last that be had to go.' 4 And your present one ?' Our present one?' (repeating my words with a puzzled air). 4 Yes ; do ycu like him ? Had you a very gond character with bim ?' Her eyes opened wide at my extraordinary curiosity. 4 Well, I am afraid that we were a little imprudent in hi% case. I am sure it is veiy good of you to take an interest in the matter. ' (' For good read impertinent ,' commented I, internally.) 'But the fact is, that there Beems to be a little myBtery about the reaeoo why he left his l&Bt; place. However, Mr. Smith took a fancy to his appearance, and so we engaged him. But I do not know' (formally) 4 why I should trouble you with our domestic affairs.' I did not answer for a moment. I was thinking with a sort of stupefaction. They have taken him without a character ! Who knows what bis antecedents were ? When I did speak it was with an apparently brusque change ef subject ; I myself knew the link that bound the two topics together in my mind. 4 Mr. Smith is well, I hope ; at home ?' 4 He was quite well w hen ha left home this morning, thanks,' 4 Left home !' interrupted I, breathlessly ; he has left home ?' 4 He was summoned away unexpectedly, ' answered she, tranquilly ; 4 but I expect him back to-morrow, or the day after, at latest.' 4 But not to-night ?' (hurriedly.) 4 No, not to- night, certainly,' with her usual phlegm. At that moment the butler again entered, bringing coals — apparently Longmain's did not boast a footman— and knelt down before the fire to put them on. For a moment my eye fell on him ; then I turned suddenly sick. Surely that was the very back, the very kneeling figure altogether that I had eeen in my dreams 1 I suppose I looked very odd, pale, and faint; for I found Mrs. Smith's white eyes fixed upon me, ana her voice asking me, 4 Did I feel the fire too much ?' I stammered out a negative, ana for some moments could do no more. At last the objeot thet had excited my emotion being vo longer in the room, I rose, driven by some inward power stronger than my?ejh and went towards Mre, Smith. She, think ing that I meant to take leave, rose too. I do not know whether your fly is at the door,' said sbe, 4 you had better let me ring aodaBk.' .. , . f- Her hand was on its way to the bell, but 1 arrested it. She hid misunderstood my action in rising. I had not meantto go yet. But now she was virtually dismissing me. 1 must leave her. What pretext had I for further intrusion? I had come twelve miles in the teeth of circumstances ; I had seen and spoken to her, and now I was to leave her. What object had I then nerved by my wild freak? I nad not warned her; I had given her no slightest hint of the peril that to my excited imagination fleemfid to hang imminently over her. I had been of no least service to her ; and now I was leaving her leaving her to her fate. It wsb impossible 1 It was equally im possible that I should expose myself to her more than probable ridicule by telling her what had brought m® 1 I embraced a desperate resolution. I still hald her hand, whiob I had seized to prevent her ringing the bell. I was so Bgitated tbat I was hardly aware that it was in my clasp, uetil her face of profound astonishment, almost alarm, betrayed the fact to me. j 4 1 do not know what you will think of me, said I, in a shaking voice, 1 but I'm going to make what I am afraid you will think a very extraordinary request to you,' Indeed!' said Bhe, with a perceptible accent of distrust, and a decided drawing away of the hand bo convulsively clasped by me. 4 Yes,' said I, going on with feverish haste, now that the ica was once broken, 4 you see it has happened so unfortunately ; the distance was greater than I expected, and tbeu the axlt- tree breaking, and the poor fly-horse is so done that I am sure he could not crawl another mile ; iu short, I am afraid I must throw myself upon your hospitality, and ask you to give me shelter, to let me stay here for the night.' Out it had come, and now it only remain ec to be seen how she would take - my proposition I At first she was too dumb- fonndered to utter. I saw at once that the idea of my being deranged crossed her mind, for she looked hard at, and at the same time backed away from me. Then her civility revived. 4 Of course !' she said, 4 of course ! I shall be only too delighted !' and then she stopped again. I saw that, having gained my point, my next task was to convince her of my sanity. I, therefore, with profuse thanks and apologies, and as composed a voice as I could muster, asked leave to send my orders by the flyman back to my coachman at Saleote. I took care that she should hear me give them myself to the man, so that she might know that the broken axletree and disabled brougham were not figments of my own diseased imagination. But I do not think that this measure had much effect in removing the suspicion of my insanity from my hostess's mind. I had gone out to the hall door to speak to the flyman, whence we both returned to the drawingroom to begin our sixteen or eighteen hoars' tete a- tete. I think that both our hearts sunk to our boots at the prospect. I am sure that mine did. In order, perhaps, to abridge it as much as possible, Mrs. Smith soon left me wiiihsdme murmured sentence about seeing that my room was comfortable, which it certainly wob not. It was, on the contrary, as I found oa being led to i% as uncom fortable as a hastily got ready bedroom, with a just-lit fire, and a sensation of not having been occupied for some indefinite time past, would naturarly be on a biting January night. Having taken off my bonnet, and made myself as tidy as I could, with the aid of Mrs. Smith's brush and comb, and told myself repeatedly that the world had never seeu such a fool as me, and that neither the girls nor my husband would ever forgive me, I went downstairs, aad we presently betook ourselves to dinner. There we sat opposite to each other in tete-a-tete. I had faintly hoped that some female friend, old governess, or cousin might crop up to make a third with us. But no ; there wa were, we two 1 We were waited on by the butler, and by him alone. By questions, whose impertinence Mrs. Smith must have thought only palliated by the unsound state of my mind, I ascer tained that the Smith establishment in its normal state consisted of butler and foot man, but that the footman had, two days ago, been suddenly taken ill and sent home. The butler was therefore now. in his master's absence, the only man in the house. I also ascertained, during one of his absences from the room, that the stables were at an inconveniently long distance from the house, and that there was no cottage nearer than a quarter of a mile off. Altogether as lonely a spot as you would wish to see. My eyes travelled uncomfortably and furtively after the man on his return iut j the room, but I could see nothing in his appearance to justify my terrors. His face had no specially sinister cast. It was almost as insigni ficant as his mistress's. And his figure 1 Could it be possible that the startling resemblance I had traced in it to my dream figure was only the figment of my horrified fancy ? But no ! vto 1 a hundred times no ! As I watched the butler, in precisely the same furtively apprehensive way, I was conscious that Mrs. Smith was watching me. Her slow brain had adopted and clung fast to the belief that I was mad ; nor indeed was that conviction devoid Df a good deal of justification. I think that she would not have been at all surprised if I had at any moment risen and playfully buried the carving knife in her breast. I have often thought since what a pleasant dinner she must have had. It was over at last. It had seemed enormously long, and yet on our return to the drawingroom it proved to have been disastrously short —short as women's dinners alwaysi are, We had diced at eight, and it was now only five-and-twenty minutes to nine. Three hours and five-and- twenty minutes until the period indicated in my dream. We Bat down dejectedly on each side of the fire. I noticed almost with a smile that Mrs. Smith took care not to place herself oo near me. We had long exhausted our few poor topics of common talk. I had not, even, any more impertinent questions to ask. It is true that after having run, as we both thought, quite dry already, we had had the good fortune to happen upon a common acquaintance. Yery slight y as she was known to either of us, with what tenacity did we cleave to that poor woman ! How we dissected her character ; aua- tomised her clothes, criticised her actions, enumerated her vices, speculated on her motives — about none or all of which we either of us knew or cared a button. But at last she was picked to the bore, and bare, naked tilenoe stared as in the f&oe.; What a dreadful evening it was ! Saved, to me at least, from the simplicity of bottomless tedium bv alternate rushes of burning shame and toy apprehension. At 10 o'clock Mrs. Smith could boar it no longer. She rose and rang for candles. 4 1 dareeay you will not be sorry to go to bed,' she said, a sort of relief coding into her tone. I believe sbe nourished a seorefc intention of looking me Into my room when once she had got me there. 4 Aiter your long drive you will be glad of rest.' 4 And will you, too ?' asked I, stupidly, for she bad had no long drive. 4 1 mean are you also going to bed ?' Sbe hesitated, 4 It would not be much use my going to bed so early; I am a bad sleeper.' 4 You are not going to bed then ?' 4 Not just yet.' 4 You are going to stay here — :n this room, I mean!' 4 No, I am going to my boudoir ' A cold shiver ran through me. Her boudoir ! That was (he room we were sittirg in m my dream. There was a moment's pause. 4 1 wender,' said I, with a nervous l&ngfa;, and in a voice whose agitation I could but partially control, 4 whether you would let ma come with you. I — 1 — am not at all sleepy alter all ; it— it Ss so very early, is not it ? I— I— should like to see yonr boudoir ; may IV Polite woman as Mrs. Smith was, and had proved herself to be to-night, she could not prevent a flash of acute -annoyance, mixed, as I b&w;, with fear from crossing her face. 4 It really is not at all worth seeing,' replied she stiffly, 4 and I oannot help thinking that you look tired.' 4£ut I am not at all,' rejoined 1, obstinately. I ehouid like to come with you if you would let me.' 1 Of course, if you wish it,' said ehe grudgingly. Before finally succumbing ehe made one or two more efforts to shake me off. Ki vain ! I was quite immovable. I heard her give an irrepressible sigh of impatience and appre hension at my unaccountable and offensive pertinacity as she preceded me upstairs, We reached her boudoir. It was a commonplace room, commonplacely arranged. I had seen hundreds like it, but never to my knowledge, either in waking or sleeping, had my eyes made acquaintance with it before. I looked at onoe upon entering to see whether the relative position of door and fireplace were the same as those Been in my dream, and aleo whether there was a olook on the ehimney- piece. In both particulars my vision bad told me correctly. But after all there was nothing very remarkable in this. Most rooms boast a dock, and in many the door is on the left band of the fireplace. But to me it seemed confirmation strong as Holy Writ. 4 1 told you that there waB nothing to see here,' said my boBtess, noting my eye wandering round, and speakin in & tone out of which she could not keep all the resent ment she felt. But it — it is very — very comfortable I' rejoined I, hastily, fearing that this was the prelude to a cart dismissal of me. 4 1 should like to stay here a bit wi:h you, if I might.' She made some sort of mur mured sound, which might mean acquiescence, and ws sat down. This time we did not even attempt any con rereation. She occupied herself with some work that apparently required a great del of counting ; and I —I bad no other occupation but my thoughts. I could not well have had a worse one. As I sat there in silence, listening with ears continually strained to catch some sound that w»s not 8 wallowed up in the shutter-shaking of the etorm wind, with eyes prpetaally travelling to the clcok-face, I asked myself over and over again what purpose I hoped to serve by this apparently so insane procedure of mine? Were the dream to prove a fallacy, I h&d; made as great & fool of myself as the world —fertile in that product — had ever eeen. If, on the other hand, the dream, hitherto proved oariouely true in some slight particulars, were to be carried out in its terrible main features, of what avail could I Buppoee my presenoe to be io averting the catastrophe with whioh it concluded. All I had done was to involve myself in Mrs. Smith's fatp, whioh there could be no doubt about my sharing. Again that cold shudder ran over me. I could not help breaking the silence to ask my oompanion whether she never felt it a little eerie, sitting up here all alone eo late at night?' She answered briefly, I am not nervous.' 4 Do you never even take the precaution cf looking the door?' asked I, glancing nervously towards it. Bhe smiled rather contemptuously. 4 Never ; and even if I wished I should be unable, as I ses, what I never noticed before, that the look is broken. ' The dock struck eleven. One hour more ! It passed, too, that last hour. It was endieBB, an eternity, yet it rushed. As it drew towards its last sands, I hardly breathed. If Mrs. Smith had once looked up from the stitching at which she was so tranquilly pegging away, she must have seen the agitation under which I was labouring ; and would of oourse have ft$ I i wondered that ehe did not heat the thhn&I; I ing of my heart, puleinv so loudly « to ird- I pede that intensity of listing into which aU my powers seemed to have passed. | How near it wa growing ! Five minutes I four minute?, three minutes, two minutes , one minute. I held my breath. I clenched mv I bands till the nails dng into the palms I Twelve ! The o'ook struck ! With that I ringing in my head, with that hammering I heart, should I hear the knock, even if ft H came? Mrs. Smith made some slight move- I moot, and I almost shrieked, but I hit in tbe soream, and listened again. One minute I past; two minutes part; three; fonr; up to I twelve I The clook said twelve minutes past I twelve. As each minute went by, I drew a logger breath, end my tense nerves I slackened. At the twelve minuteB past Mrs. I Smith looked up. I 1 Do you feel inolined to go to bed yet ?' I Bhe inquired. I « I am afraid (looking more attentively at I me) that you are more tired than yon will I allow.' I «I think I will go, said I, rising and I drawings long breath; 'it is ten minutes I past twelve.' I Not quite that.' rejoined ehe ; that clock I in ten minutes feBt. I must have it regulated I jo-morrow.' I 1 1 must have it regulated to-morrow !' I Like lightning it flashed upon me that that I was the speech Mrs. Smith had made in my I dream immediately before the knock came. I The speech I had made such vain efforts to I recall. And, as panic-struck, this dawned I upon in?, someone knocked. A mist swam I before my eyes. I tried to speak, but no I words would come, and Mrs. Smith I apparently did not see the agonised hand I I srreiched out towards her. I 4 Come in,' she said, phlegmatically. I The door opened, sni in the aperture I appeared the figure cf the butler, with a S coslbos in his Hand. My horro -struck eyes I were rivetted on him, bat I could not stir I b'vr.-i or fo t. To whit purpose i: I had? I Ware no: we alone in the hou?e wi:h him we two wretched, defenceless womeo? I Mrs. Smith had. ns in my drxam, moved tc th: other side of the room, to the pieoe of furritnre with drawers, at which I had seen I fc:r pfandin«. Than she looked over her 1 ehoa'der and said composedly, Thank you, I Hirrig, we do not want any more coal to E nitbt.' Then, as he seemed, or seemed to | me to hesitate, she added quietly, 'I shall I not rrquire anything more to-night; you f may go to bed.' I Could I believe my eyes? Was ho really retreating? shutting the dcor after him. Were those his footsteps, whose lesreoing ; sound I heard along the passage? For a \ moment everything grew dark before me. I clutched the arms of my chair, to assure | myself that this was reality and no dream. Th-n I staggered to my feet and towards Mrs. Smith. Is he sons ?' a?kei I in a hoarse whisper. 'Gone !' repeated she in astonishment, ail her old doubts as to my soundness of mind j rushing back in flood. ' Yes, of course, he isg-me! Why not?' ' And he will not come back?' still in that ho /kv whisper. ' Of course not. I told him I needed nothirg more to night. I think' — eying me distressfully — that you really had better go to bed ; you seem a little — a little — feverish !' Yes,' paid I, making an eff urfc to recover some decent amount ol composure, perhaps I am ; I will go to bed if y ou are quite— quite sure ' She looked so redly alarmed at my manner and words, trrat I did not finish myventence. 1 followed hf r, still shaking in every limb, to my bed'ooin, when she Itft me; and into wnicH, I a.n almost certain, though she tried tn di it as noiselessly as possible, she locfcrd me. For hours afrer she lft me I remain d «unk in the armchair by the fire, into which I had almost fallen on entering. I still snook as if ague struck, and every now and again i held by breath to listen — to listen for that stealthy step, which evn now I felt ronn come, for the noise of that awful thud which still sounded so loudly in the ears of my imagination that I could not even yet believe that it Deithsr had nor ever wou'd have any echo ixr a real sound. Ac length I dropped into an uneasy doze, from which I was awoke by a sensation of extreme coll, to find the lire black out and the temperature ct the room at or below freezing point. I rose and threw myself dre -ee4 upon the bed, and wrapping myself inafarcioak, fell into a heavy sleep from which I was only routed by the eight o'clock ecfry of the housemaid. Oa fi;>t opeoing my bewildered eyeB. I could not recollect where I was, bat ttared round won-ieringly at the unfamiliar room. Then recollection came upon ma with a rush, and I buried 1x17 face iu the pillow, Oa, why had I ever wcke again? Why hai day ever bad th-3 inhumanity to dawn ng&ia; upon such a csndi iate for Eariswooi ? As the details cf the previous day's irci-'eots cime back upon ®e with brutal vividness, I called to the rock to fall upon rn3, and the mountains to cov=r me ! Had anyone since the world first began robing ever written themselves down so region? an ass? Befooled by an idiotic dream ; misled by a fancied resemblance of trivial circumstances ; floundering deeper flsd deeper into the quagmire of unreason, which had landed rue at last, fully drcs'ed, on this strange bed ; and with the appalling prospect before rae of having to go down and mi-et Mrs, .Smith at breakfast ! She would probably and wisely meet rae with a lunatic asylum keeper and a strait waist co it. And my children, my servants, husband, how sbonll I ever look any one of them in the faoa again? I writhed. But writhing did not help me. I had seen the housemaid's astonished glance at my full- dressed cmdition, a fn?sh proof of my insanity, whioh would, 110 doubt, be convoyed t Mm. 8 i,i'h. I ujue?S I must go down and BPPf?ar as a I could Tint was ail that win now eft me. And that much I did. Wuh what inward grovelling, mentally though not apparently on all-four. I entered that itieigrcom will never ba known save .ooiy to iay8?lf. She oamefo meet me civil, doll, and unemotional ; though I thought I b"n eboUimjugh j1®' 1,118 $«» «peotStt w? TV1IB, of anger against her for Rt0«I: I felt a sort stolid and sound aftS ing therfi 80 «Mh toe, edieble wee. 8 wron8ht »<» «« -HbSdW-rUnfe? ' 8uaU 1 "< forget the moment, -Threh it '?B taking! At the latter "i do nnt?d«.-b£ that I said anything tor \ - not the roof of mv mouth Th j?gae olaVB to to give her mv hand a'tn 3"8' sense left the look of Bcrcelv anhfln1' and to her ,ao. a. ££& Z » oate, which"? toonoht "v." i'®?. RS ar as SaI" RrerVCV "D,e myfoTly tothem6' characteristically. 7 t0k oonfe8EioQ Alice said that if I had taken W annoyknee11 haTe be0n 8Pared » «a' anfl re«r?»a t l Yearns were noneenre ; . er "l" PnenIe one ; whioh even at that moment o! humiliation I hit »n o at having parallelled with mine. u ' d'8:Su-- held both my hand- nnrflv"!;8 :d ebea!50uli have done precisely nie SUTOC I?? my 043®. Bot-,I.ttfuHeJd tu be cmfirtGd, the more so ns it forced ou. lhac ihe most valuable of WhC?r8t I801 had Cfta?ht in the cold -L stab es an iofluenzsi which was rapidty developing into inflamaiation of the h/B 1 even without that final straw I naa s nk hopelessly in my own esieem. Postscript. Just » ye it later, the public was shocked by the acoouos of a murder, . which, in its oircum8taoc2«, exceeded the measure cf brutality usually connected c with such crimes. It was the murder of a lonely old msiden lady by her butler— a butler to whom, as it appaared ehs had been in th3 habit of show ing exceptional kindness, I read the account with about the same degree of shuddering disgust, I suppose, as my neighbours ; but without any feeling ol pergonal character, audi it transpired, in the coarse n the evidence, that the murderer' name wa. Hirri? — a name fey whioh I had one3, and once on'y, heard Afrs. Smilh, of Longmairs, address her butler. I dismissed the thought at once as far as I was able. Had not I had enough of giving the reins to my imagination? Was not Harris an extremely common name? Almost as common a» Smith, bat when the trial came on, whioh. as, the crime bad been com- mitte 1 shortly before the Assizes, it did very soon after the committal to prison, I, perhaps, unknown almost to myself, followed it with a keener interest than, but for this trifling circumstance, I should have done. The trial was a short one ; the evidence overwhelming ; the man found guilty, con demned, and executed, without any senti mentalist being found to petition the Home Secretary in his favour. On the evening before his execution he made to the gaol chap'ain a full confession of bis crime ; and not only cf that one which brought bim to the gallows, but of a previous one, whioh he had been prevented from carrying beyond the stage of intention by a carious accident. What that curious accident was you shall hear, and judge of my feelings on readii-g tb- following extract from tbe murderer's confession : — In January of last year, I was living in the service of Mr. Smith, of Loogmaius I was at very lo water at the time ; ovor bead and ears in debt, and did not know where to tarn for money, which I wanted depperately, and felt that I mast obtain by fair means or ton!. My chb»f inducement for enteriog Mr. Smith's efrvicg had been that I had aooidently heard thai he was in the habit of ke?piug con sidersbie Bums of money iu tbe house, f;r tbe purpose of paying the weekly wag?s of the workmen mp:oyt»d upon some extensive drainage works which ha had undertaken 4 I thought on reaching L">ngmains that I bad never seo a bouse better adapted to my purpose. It was as lonely a soot as I have ever seen ; the stables at an unusual distance from the hall, and ti dw-llicghause within lesa than a q nrter of a mile. The establish ment consisted, »3 to mc-u, of myself and one Jootman ; bnt about a week after my arrival the foolmaa fell ill, and had to b9 sent home. I had not yet matured my plans, though I bad ascertained tbac Mr. Smith kep<; hi a money in a strong box in bis busioeaa room, and that in tbe case of his absence Mrs. Smith had charge of the key, when oue morning my master was unexpectedly summoned from home, leaving roe alone with my mistress and the female servants in the house. Sooh aa opportunity, which, very probably, might not soon occur again, wa9, I felt, not to be lost, Mrs. Smith's habits were such as to favour my project. She usually sat in her boudoir, situated in a rather isolated part of the house, antil late at night. I made np my miud to wait until the rest of the household trad retired, and then to go to Mrs. Smith's boudoir on the pretext of taking coals for the fire, obtain from her the key of the strong box, by fair means if possible ; but if she resisted— and she was a resolute womau— I had determined to shoot her through the head, having provided myself with a revolver i r tbe purpose ; furnish myself with as much money as I could get hold of, and make tracks for America. I was prevented from carrying out this intention by a very unlocked for accident. , _ , Late in the afternoon— tbe afternoon of that day — the weather was extremely bad, suoviog hard, with a high wind, end bitter ool? — a lad? arrived ia a fly to call on my mi,!,. X aould see that my miittc-e8 was prftttlj suvpiiRcd wbea I too m the t.y - card; for as far as I could oaks out, ee was very lightly acquainted with her, and lived ft matter of twenty miles off. 1 Saffa t iTr aU she was "off Tier et4y tbe Bight- 1 S and ire3S Tas very mUQh annoyed, fu alarmedi bttt a «e would notgo, there was no help for it; stay she: afra« w L?00diCBl npBB'at firet' aa was u b8!,n£ there would knock my plan Mlf wwi?' u 6 a?errarde 1 comfortsd my- that she would be sure !ilr i <?JeSrlJ» tired witb her lonS drive, boudoir10 MtS Bmith al0 " ber ' I lit them their bedroom candles in the drawmgroom at ten, and then went off to wait. I would not risk it till twelve. By that time everyone would be sure to be in bed and asleep. I thought I never had known time go bo slowly, but at last the eiock pointed to five minutes to twelve. I put my revolver in my pocket, took up the ooal-box, went upstairs, and knocked. Mrs. ttmdoorViCe 8aid <0ome in»' and 1 opened 1 What was my horror to find the strange lady still sitting there with my mistress? 1 he sight of her took me so aback that I did not know whether to come in or not, and as I was hesitating Mrs. Smith said, « We do not want any more coals. Yon may go to bsd» Harris, or something like that. And all the while the Strang? lady was staring at me so oddly, as white as a ghost, thatlbsgan to think she must have SGmhow found ont what I was after. Her bo ing there and her looking at ms like that altogether made me feel so queer that I actually shut the door and went away again. I thought I would put it off till next night; But on tbe follow ing day Mr. Smith returned, and I never had another chance !' I had no sooner reached this last word thac I rose to my feet. I was certainly a yard taller than when I sat down. 'Girls ! said I, calling to themin a voice of solemn authority, and as they gathered round, Ba so good as to read those par- grapha,' pointing to them with my finger. I watched their faces as they did so, and when they had Sni?hed I said, tnroing to Alios, In a v:,iee of more than mortal dignity, You see that wisdom is justified of her child !' I was interrupted by the door opening, and a lady rushing past the footman to pre cipitate herself into my arms. It was Mrs. Smith, of Loogmains, come to thauk me for having saved her life, and to apologise with tears for having ever thought me ripe for Bedlam. The End. 