JitfeHiflencij. In Austria 3000 women are employed in the rail road service, getting from £3 to £6 a month. Up to the present time (Augus 31), ah nit 83,000 deaths from cholera have been reported throughout Madrid. . A heavy mortgage was paid off in sovereigns amounting to £20,276, and weighing 426 pounds, in one of the city banks on Tuesday. Bishop Moorhouse has issued the following chal lenge ; — "If Archdeacon Slattery can give me scriptural proofs of the infallibility of tho Pope I will turn Romau Catholic." The teetotallers of the town (says the " Tam- worth News ") may take the followiug as a text to moralise upon. Takiug the population of Tamworlh as being in round nhmbers 4000 (a. large estimate), and understanding that one fourth of the number are adults who are of an age to patronise the hotels, and allowing 10 per cent of this number to- be total abstainers, it follows that there are accord ingly 900 of the population of the town engaged in supporting 25 public houses, giving an average of oue to every 36 adults in Tamworth. This is, it must be admitted, a rather excessive-supply. A very interesting meeting of the foiiner em ployees of Mr. George Wight, proprietor of the long defuuet "Queensland Guardian," was held recently. Nineteen years ago, owing to a financial crisis, and the stoppage of the Batik of Queensland where Mr. Wight kept his account, he was com pelled to give up all Lis property to his creditors, but soma of the newspaper staff, who had allowed their salaries to stand over, remaiued unpaid. Mr. Wight, after many years of patient industry, at last found himself in a position to liquidate this dent, though under no legal obligatiou to do so, and he called his old employees together for that purpose. The amount paid over was £304, Among the astonishing patents of our fleeting moments is one for extracting gold from wheat- Farmers have loug endeavoured to do so and flagrantly failed. Gold c»n, however, be got from almost anything ; clever people get it from brains. This patentee merely puts wheat into a pan and boils it for a few hours ; then be skims the liquid,, and the 'skim,' be says, contains Bakes of pure gold. This then must be the yellow colouring which is bo pleasaut to look at in a ripe field of corn, and will, now we know all about it, be twice as- agreeable. The Austrian Government have refused to authorise the establishment of private cremation societies, on the ground that they might en courage crime. The decree states that murders are often detected by the exhumation of bodies, and thnt,even if bodies were to be exatniued before cremation, there would be no time te apply every case those delicate chemical teste which are used where poisoning is suspected. There ib a society in London which aims at bringing about the re-union of Christendom.. The annua! meeting has just been held, under the presidency of the Bishop of Winchester, who remark-id that he did not expect to Bee the union of Christians, still less the union of th» Church of Christ, but their children and their children's children might see it. . . A new clock of great size, weighing Jons without the bell, which weighs over 2 tons more, has been compieted in the clo<k tower of the Board of Trade Building, Chicago. The ma terials employed in its construction are iron, steel, and bronze. The pendulum alone weighs 7501bs. The works, which sro on the principle of the great Westminster clock, are divided into a time train, a hand train, and a striking train. These trams are sepnrato machines, resting side by side, on separate frames. Each of these trains is actuated by a separate weight, nnd the three weights together weigh 35001bs. The hammer that strikes the hell was to have been 1201 bs, but a patent hammer weighing only 80ll>s has been preferred. Tho clockwork is below the dials, which are 10 fee t 10 inches in diameter, ami the bell is above them and 250 feet from the ground. The manufacturers of this clock state that tho pendulum of the clock in Dr. Tyng's church in New York, which they made, has not stopped since it was stoned 25 years ago, and they think that the Chicago pendulum will vibrate as long, or twice as long, without interruption. Tito Chicago pendulum swings one way in two seconds. An experiment, which seems, a contemporary any 8, to have interested the New York Public, was recently made by a blind man, who iiudr-r- took to walk as freely and easily by ear as any other person not deprived of sight could do. He told these who hod assembled in the streets to witness the experiment that the Sue, glassy, open, brown eyeB he boasted of were ornamental, not useful, and to convince certain incre luloiis newspaper reporters of the t nth of nig state ment he took a buttonhook from his pocket, tapped his eyeballs with it, so that the tinkling sound, which proved that tliey were made of glnas, might be heard. He had carefully edu cated his ear, and could tell by sound where io walk, and how to govern bra coarap, and in support of this assertion be started off with liin head erect, walking so rapidly and with such perfect ease that no one meeting him could have believed that he was blind. Now ana then lie stopped to listen ; and every sound arrested his attention, and so fine was his seriHe of hi firing that words uttered in a low tone, inaudible to thone near him, were distinctly audible to himself. He even detected the kind of boots some "of the reporters present wore, whether single or double soled, of n common or Miperior qunlity, and accomplished various other strange feats to the astonishment of the public. After walking with tho utmost facility, and without the aid of a cane, for several hours, he needed refreshment, and, gnided by his ear — or perhaps in this instance by his nose —detected and en tered a bar. A rumour is going about (observes the fit. James ' Gazette) that the Psychial Society has at last found a ghost. Hitherto the society has been in the painful position of calling spirits from the vasty deep, and only finding that Shakespeare was right about the difficulty of getting them to res pond. The committee have," we believe, hired houses warranted to be haunted by the most unex ceptional spectres, have heroically slept in the- haunted chamber night after night, and have not. so much as heard a sigh or seen the least symptom of a faint blue light. . Things, were at their worst when a change came, which! has apparently ended in brilliant discoveries. In the last volume of the Society's Transactions, or Journal, there appeared a notice that persons wishing to be introduced to a real ghost should immediately apply to tho Haunted Secretary, or words to that effect. So en thusiastic wa3 the rush expected to be that the Haunted Secretary would not pledge hinisslf to find a bed in the chamber visited by " The Thing' for every seeker after psychial truth who might present himself. Some inquiriers, however, were accommodated, and the consequences surpassed all expectations. Hard knocks were the order of the day. The Ghost, whose appearance is not men tioned in the rumour, began by throwing tumblers (where did they come from?) at the representatives of the S.P.R. A heavy fender was the next mis sile employed, and after this the ghost sent a slab of the marble chimney-piece flying at their heads, and then at length the retreat was reluctantly sounded. The experiment is, we hear, to be re peated as soon a8 the S.P.R. has armed its intrepid representatives with plate, armour, or some im provement on the diver's uniform ; and the electric light is to be suddenly flashed upon the spectre to see if he will jump. It is most earnestly to be hoped that the persevering efforts of the 'society will meet with the reward they deserve, and that this promising ghost will maintain his high char acter. 