' THE PRESS A CENTURY AND A I HALF AGO. It was on tho evening of Monday, the 28th of July,in the ytar 1712, -that two ' ... middle-aged men 'came out of Wills's Coffeehouse, and slowly walked through , the-plose lanes, that.. Jed to the heart of ' the fcityi Aathey' passed, along they en countered a Devy 01 newsvei dors, Known , thea raThawlters or 'Mercuries,' who ? were mwling at ihe top of their lungs, ''Here you have the last number of the iObservator — the last number— no other . number will ? ever be published, on \- account of ihe stamp.9' *? Here you have ; 1 the ; Flying Post, which will go on in spite of the stamp.' 'Here you have the Spectator, this, day's Spectator, all writ by ihe greatest wits of the age.' The more .brisk of the two friends twitched. -his companion's arm and whis pered, ' That's at any rate a comfort, \- Addison.' ' True fame, Steele,' was the reply. : - Their onward course was to a small printing office in Little Britain. They xlimbed the narrow staircase, and were in a close and dingy, room, with two printing ' presses, and working spaces for four . compositors. A grave man was reading at ft desk, and he bowed reverently to the ; gallants in lace, and ruffles, who thus j ' honored him by a visit to his dark den of letters. 1 . V.Why, Mr Buckley,' said Steele, : 'your narrow -'passages and close rooms remind me of the printer of Ben Jonspn, who kept his press in a hollow tree. We ! ere come to talk with you about this vil lainous stamp ; a red s∓, they tell me '. 'It 4s to be, not . black, . like its father. ' lallie is obstinate, and says our penny . Spectator must be raised to twopence, 'and if so, where are our customers to come from?' . *'Fm for stopping,3' interposed Addison. ? not so, sir ; not so, l pray, ejacu ' lated the frightened printer ; ' there isn't ! fcuch a paper in town, sir. Goes into the 1 houses of the 'first of the quality ; not a coffee-house -without it. Not like your Postrboys and Post, which are read by shopkeepers and handicrafts.' ' ' I should like to bs read by shop keepers and handicrafts,' said Steele. ?' Oh dear no, sir; quite impossible, Dir. ' They must have coarse food —ghosts and murders. :Delicate wit like Mr Ad ' dison's, fine morality like Mr Steele's, ?are :fbr the town, sir, not the popu lace:' 'A nice distinct on, truly,' cried Addison ; 'audi Mice fit, though few.' . ?' Fewj sir ! why we print 3000, and we shall print as many when the stamp doubles our price. Our custoices will never stand' upon a shilling a week ; and . besides, those who support the Govert ment will rejoice in the opportunity of paying the tax. I shouldn't wonder if the stamp doubled our sale.' ' Very sanguine, Mr Buckley.' ' Sanguine, sir? ..Who wouldn't be eaneume. when rare wits like vou con ' descend to write for the town ? There is Dr. Swift, too, I hear, has been writing penny paper after penny paper. A fine handj; gentlemen ! Ate we to go back to our old ignorant days because of a red etamp ! We. must go on improving. Look at my printing office, and see if we are not improved. Why, sir, linger L'Estrange, when lie set up the Intelli gences 50 years ago,' gave notice' that be would publish his one book a week, ' to ' be published every Thursday night, and' finished upon the 'Tuesday night, leaving Wednesday entire for the printing it off.' .._ And now I, gentlemen, can, without . boasting, ; print your Spectator off eveiy^day, ,and. jut-even want the copy more than three days before ?publication. Think of that, gentlemen, a half Bheet everyday. A hundred years ;:hencenobody will believe it.' ? *.you aro a wonderful man, Mr Buckley, and we are all veiy grateful tj you,' said the. .. laughing-eyed essayist, ' but, talking of a hundred years hence, who can say that our moral and mechanical , improvements are to stop here? I can i imagine a time when every handicraft in the country shall read ; when the footman . behind the carriage shall read ; when the . Irish' -chairman shall read ; and when your Intelligencer shall hear of a great battle j {on the, Wednesday morning, and .have a fiilj account of it published on the ,Thurs ?; -.jt ?- 'That; sir, with iall submission, is , actpally impossible. .. And surely you are joking when you talk of the.vulgar learn ing to read, and taking delight in reading. .? .Heading will nev-er go lower than our ? : shopkeepers,' 1 think,;' . . -. 'X wonder, 'fluid Addison, ' what the r 'people would read a hundred years hence, iftheyiad the ability?' ' They must have books ^especially suited to their capacities.' 'They would read your ; Vision of , Mirza., and know something about your Sir Roger de Coverley.' . i.' Come, come, Uiccon, dou'fc be sar castic.. 1 thought l[was pitching my key low enough to suit our fop?, and our . i rCourtiers, and our coffee loungers, but to be relished by the rabble ! A pinch of Bnuff, if you please.'; ' If I could see the day,' said Steele,. ' when we had. a nation of readers, and . books could circulate rapidly through the whole country, I would Jeave the town to mend its follies, as best it m:glit, and set up for a teacher of the people. We would make your profs do ten times i's present ? work then, Mr Buckley.' ' Ah, -sir, great men like you always have Iheir dreams ' I once knew a clever mail who fancied the mail would some 'time or other go to York in three days.. Poor.mifn, he was very neatly mad.' Addison whispered to his friend that . tile printer would number him amongst the Bedlam candidates if he pronounced aiiy more of his speculations ; and then, drawing himself up with greater dignity, ' .rejoip^d the 'honest printer's heart by a inemorable declara'ion: 'Come what may,, we shall go on in spite of the ; stamp. Tilt re, Mr Buckley, is the copy : f^r .No. 445, ..Thursday, July 31, which ?''ianounces. our resolve. We will not be cashiered by Ac\s ^of ...Parliament.'' ? Another Failure to Define In ebmetv. — In the North of England Mr Justice Manisty-^ras-cn^aged fur seven days over At -ferial which certainly was singular foriihe' conflict of evidence, and ' : ibrrtfce remarkable latitude as to the ?definition of drunkenness which it proved , to exist in the popular mind: Mr Isaac i iotinga had effected a life prilicj' in favor of - his wife, which was challenged on his demise by the assurance company, on the grounds that he bad committed suicide and had deceived their agenis, Jiis being an unsound life. Witnesses who had apparently known him well were equally positive ia giving h ni a character for sobriety and iuebricfy, while oae admitted 3ie was a *' fr\ e liver,' though . no drunkard, -only taking ''six or seven pints of whisky a day. ' Not unnaturally, the jury were -ii3cbarg^d without arriving at a verdict. The Adelaide Wisletan Confer ence. — The Wesleya-i Conference has resolved to commence operations at Silver- ( ton during the current year, providad satisfactory arrangements can be made with, the Quee-.islaud snd Naw South' Wales' conference^ The session cf tho Wosleyan Conference was finished -in ' Saturday. After a long debate a motion' wis passed. almost unanimously iii favor uf undenominational Bible reading in the f-tate schools, and al ocilling upon the Government to iutrcduce early next ses \- fion a bill dealing with tho matter. ' Here, waiter, takeaway these oysters. They aru Dad.' ''1 know it, sir, but ve have given you two more ovsters than yi u called foe, jo. nuke up for i;.' 