MABEL THORNTON. A STORY TOR CHRISTMAS. Written for the Colonist. It was a lovely summer day in England. The sky might have done justice to fair Italia—so clear and azure its tint. The spot I would describe is the loveliest imaginable. A lawn-like meadow sheltered at one end and side by a wood ; through the meadow a river meandered its course. To-day its gentle, murmuring sound, as it rippled over its pebbly bed, formed a sweet, low accompaniment to the warblings of the feathered songsters who thrilled their lays in the neighbouring branches. So thought Mabel Thornton, as she reclined in dreamy fashion on the velvet carpet nature had laid. A book lay near from which the young girl had been reading to her companion, a lady slightly past the meridian of life, who sat on a camp stool and was engaged in needlework, the intricacies of which absorbed all her attention just now, hence the younger lady's enforced idleness. She was startled from Her reverie by a low exclamation uttered by the other, and looking round saw two men. They had just emerged from the end wood-skirts and followed the river's course fishing. They too, were taken at unawares, and after returning the formal greetings passed on. " Well I declare," ejaculated the gentleman with iron-grey hair, " who would have thought of meeting them 2" " Who are thev ? " enquired the other in an interested tone. " Why" yon know a Mrs. Richmond took Corncroft awhile ago—" As the old gentleman was angling and did not continue his sentence, the other presently resumed. " The elder lady is she, I suppose, but who is the younger one ? " " My dear fellow is it possible that you are my son and have not heard of the lovely Miss Thornton who is a ward of Mrs. Richmond's and lives with her 1" " No, indeedlhadnot heard," laughed the young man. His father continued: " Splendid chance that for ayoung man of parts. Beauty, money, and everything else in the way of accomplishments I believe, although I don't know much about her. Mrs. Richmond keeps her pretty much under her wing and they bothJead very secluded lives. But though not about much else they attend service on Sundays pretty regularly, and are altogether of your sort, I fancy.'' So much for his father's opinion. Egbert Barlow thought the passing glance he had of Mabel Thornton revealed something more than mere beauty. He had seen many pretty faces with nothing in them, but this one he thought an exception, and an instinctive desire to know if it portrayed its owner often led him up and down that particnlar spot during the few remaining weeks of his vacation. Of course it was under a semblance of devotion to the pursuit so loved by Isaak Walton, but strange that angling for salmon trout seemed all at once to become a passion with him. But he did not again meet with the former adventure, if such it may be called, for Geraldine Richmond fefc chagrined at the intrusion on their favourite retrea^ and resented by not going there again for some time. Mabel was inwardly disappointed, for she was young, and the young naturally like anything with a spice of romance and novelty in it, especially if, as in the case of our heroine, their life is of very even tenor. Squire Barton's opinion about their seclusion was a true one, for no one around knew much about them. They were happy in each other's society. From time to time Geraldine had gently but firmly resisted attempts at anything more than a mere acquaintance. With Mabel it was somewhat different. She found many chances of outlet for her natural kindness among some of the poor villagers, and many a friendly greeting was accorded the young girl, whom yet they knew so little about. Perhaps it was the sweetness of Mabel's disposition that enabled her to find Geraldine so companionable, but she recognised more beauty in her guardian's character than could be gained by a casual acquaintance. Her mind was a store of knowledge, from the recesses of which Mabel's rather imperfect education bad from time to time been improved in such a way as never failed to entertain as well as instruct. And her heart, Mabel knew, contained a wealth of love, as evinced by the reception she gave the motherless girl. She also knew that her father had great trust in and regard for her guardian. But she did not know he had been an unsuccessful lover of hers in the days of their youth—unsuccessful because Geraldine loved another, who was then a much poorer man than his rival, but came off victorious by wedding the woman of his choice. Ever since her father's death the young girl had lived with his old friend and led a happy, busy life among her books, pets, and flowers. The latter were almost a paSBion with her, and Geraldine often watched her as she flitted about among the shrubbery and garden beds, or she listened to the rich, sweet voice filling the old house with music, and wondered how the weary years had passed without her; for weary indeed they had sometimes proved since her husband died and early left her a lonely widow. She almost buried herself in her sorrow, and did not perceive how nearly this amounted to selfishness. Time, the great healer, partially softened her grief, but the long-indulged-in habit of almost entire seclusion was not easily broken. Nor did she wish it to be. This was the one point Mabel wished different. She had seen enough of gay lite, and had no desire for it, but she liked a little more sociability with her fellow creatures. Both were ardently fond of country life, and though Mabel had been brought up in a foreign town, she thought no place she had seen so lovely as Corncroft and its neighbourhood. The dear old house, which to her embodied "Home, sweet home," nestled among the trees and shrubs of its garden, beyond which a trimly-kept lawn sloped down to the highway. She found an unlimited source of pleasure and amusement in the much-loved garden. It was by no means geometrically laid out, but there seemed to be a natural profusion, revealing rather than displaying beauty and taste at every turn. A great break in the monotony of their lives was the advent now and then of Mabel's cousin, who lived in a town many miles away, and whose periodical visits were anticipated and enjoyed with the greatest pleasure by all. The summer soon ended, and autumn with its own peculiar phases, appeared. The season of decay, and yet of yielding earth's ripened fruits, characteristic of life. How often when the decay of our vainly-tried plans seem to wither our brightest hopes, and our hearts are stricken with the burden they have borne so long, our soul's yield the richest fruits, even those of longsuffering, patience, and meekness—more trust in God and less in ourselves. Mabel and Geraldine enjoyed the mild autumnal days, and together they drank in the effects of the mellowed sunshine on the fields and trees with leaves of rich and varied hues, as its softened glory fell on them all. The orchards with their heaped treasures of red and golden apples, the hazelnut, chestnut, and wild fruit- gathering all yielded their own peculiar delight to the young girl, and her companion felt herself going back to early, youthful days as she participated in Mabel's revellings. The only way in which Mrs. Richmond felt the least anxiety for her young charge was what the future might portend. What if her loving trusting heart should be bestowed on an Hnworthy object. In spite of his early attachment's disappointments, James Thornton's parting injunction to her was— " Make her like yourself, Geraldine." That included that if ever Mabel married, it was to be as hers had been, from love only. Her ideal would be a man of sterling qualities, but without regard to his worldly possessions. Mabel's cousin met her ideal, and she fondly hoped her sentiments were endorsed by the former, although unconsciously. Should death claim her, she could then leave her young charge in safe keeping. Happy they who train the young wisely and then leave them trustingly to the Great Disposer in such a case, Mrs. Richmond need not have had any trepidation of Mabel's sacrificing herself, hand without heart, as so many do—neither had she. But she knew that if thrown into the world her wondrous beauty would prove i very attractive. She knew that too often confiding, susceptible natures were led to love, if not wisely, too well, as the phrase is. Though Mabel owned a clinging, foisting disposition which, in spite of everything, would perhaps idealise where not best, thiB trait was counterbalanced by a love of rectitude and honour, without which no one would be favoured. Would there were more women like her, who would never sacrifice themselves to mere position or wealth, without any regard for nobleness of heart or life. No marvel some women's influence becomes of little weight after encouraging men of blemished character for their hand. And too late they find themselves almost nonentities in the world, or whirl around in the same giddy vortex. May the day come when all women deserving of the name will shun men of dissipation as they would a rattlesnake. But, say some, "How draw the linep Did not the world's Savionr countenance sinners, mix with them, pity them ? " Add to this that though He hated sin, yet He loved the sinner. But when demanded could any condemnation be more scathing than His? He who could save from sin could not be dragged down by it. Seldom does the worshipper of mammon even pretend to love the sinner. Such feelings are crushed and spumed in order to gratify the absorbing passion for wealth or position, which is deemed all- sufficient until its hollow deception has been proved. Ere autumn completely vanished Mabel went on long-promised visit to some of her father's friends in a distant part of the country. The household consisted of father, mother, and three daughters. They enjoyed the acquaintance of a large circle of friends; among them was a handsome gentleman whom the girls seemed to regard as a general favourite. Mabel often heard them and other young ladies speak of him as quite an Apollo. In manner, appearance, and conversation he was everything agreeable, and Mabel instinctively acknowledged his fascination, even while not taken by it as the others. One evening before retiring to rest the girls, as usual, all collected in one room to chat and brush their hair. Mabel was feeling a little homesick, and thinking of Corncroft and Geraldine, when Laura Edison, who was brushing her hair, exclaimed " What a lovely mane you have." "Yes," she continued, "I felt quite jealous of Mr. Ashdale's flattering remarks about you, hair and all, the other night." "You need not I am sure," quietly said Mabel. "No, of course not," chimed in another. " Mabel's charms so far outvie yours Laura, there is not the ghost of a chance for you." " I assure you I do not want it," laughed Mabel. " Not want the chance my dear Mabel, all the girls about are dying for his money, his splendid house, his carriages and horses, and himself too for the matter of that, for he is charming, and that is more than can be said for some men of his character." " Why what sort of character does he bear ? " said Mabel wonderingly. He is what is called a dissipated man, a man of fashion I suppose, said the other, who was slightly dis- posed to be satirical since she saw he did not care for her. " Laura, you shock me, if he is such a man as you insinuate why do you receive him here ?" " Query my dear. All the good families about do, and he is universally regarded as a great catch in the matrimonial market." " What is not right must surely be wrong," said Mabel. " We shall see fair preacher when your turn comes." Mabel's turn unexpectedly did come soon after her return home, which was shortly after this conversation, in the form of a note containing a proposal of marriage. The fact was, the lovely, serious maiden had interested while she piqued Edwin Ashdale, and he did not want so bright a luminary to drop out of his existence. Mrs. Richmond watched Mabel's pertubation as Bhe perused, and as she reddened to the roots of her hair, but did not seem so much pleased as surprised. Geraldine ventured an enquiry as to what disturbed her. " Read for yourself." After she had done so Mabel said. " a wonder he had not demanded my hand of my guardian. She tried to be gay, but Mrs. Richmond thought it was forced, so she said what do you think of it dear ?" " Why the very idea is an insult if all Mrs. Edison and the girls told me about him be true." "Of course it does not always do to beleive reports, which after all may prove calumnies. You are almost too young to understand when things are designedly misrepresented by interested parties." Mrs. Richmond wanted Mabel to be thoroughly sure] of herself, but as the latter did not reply she wisely said no more ; so the meal was finished in thoughtful silence. After going through her usual routine of duties Mabel sat down to her writing-desk with the remark, that unpleasant as some thing were they must be performed. " It is so very unpleasant then ? " archly enquired Mrs. Richmond. " Well, perhaps this case should be exceptional, but it must be unpleasant, even painful, to refuse anyone whom you know to be truehearted and who loves you." " Yes, and yet if that love be not returned, the verdict is unanswerable. In some cases it is given before hearts have realised that they are capable of yielding what they deemed to be out of their power. But better a lifelong misunderstanding of that sort than a marriage contract where the principal element for its happiness be wanting. The multitude of unhappy marriages and divorce cases testify to that." As Mabel's demeanor for some little time after this was often absent and thoughtful, Mrs. Richmond thought it wise to enquire why the sunbeam was under a cloud. " Has it beeu ? I did not know," said the former ingenuously. "Do not think I blame your thoughtfulness, dear. There are epochs in most lives, which though perhaps making no material difference cannot fail to affect in some degree." The only way this affects me is to make me search myself to find if I gave Mr. Ashdale any reason for acting so. Of course I had to be courteous, as he was a received visitor at the house where I was staying, but even before knowing his character I was nothing more than that, and yet now he seemed by that letter to take my acceptance of his offer for granted." "That is undoubtedly the result of his being considered such a prize in the matrimonial market." Perhaps so. By the way, I want your taste in hanging Arthur's picture." " Oh yes, we must get it up. He will soon be here now." Mabel's step resumed its old elasticity, and her voice its usual joyousness, and she entered with great zest into all the preparations for their boy's visit:. He came, and in spite of winter's frost and snow brought much of warmth and sunshine with him. Geraldine, as hostess, was perfect, but nothing could persuade her to go abroad mucb, and so it happened these two young people went about generally without her. Arthur had not beeu many days with them, when hearing Mabel say she had not seen her friend Chrissie Wood for Bome time, he proposed a ride on horseback to Hazel Grove, where she lived. Oh the delight of a canter on horseback. The very thought was exhilarating to Mabel. She was soon habited, and they made an early start as their destination was some miles off. The pleasure at meeting seemed universal. Even Tottie, the household pet and baby crowed with delight at seeing Mabel's sweet face, while the other .young members of the family led her off to see new pets, &c.; Everything was so novel in this way to Mabel, who had never lived in a household of children. These children loved her almost to adoration, while their sentiments and experiences were shared towards them in return. Arthur, in the meantime, was being entertained by Mrs. Woed and Chrissie, or rather he entertained them, for he was a general favourite, and as Geraldine and Mabel agreed, no one could help liking him. By-and-bye Mr. Wood came in and in turn was delighted to find who their visitors were. Mabel and her dearest girl friend did not get much time together, but they felt happy in the others' enjoyment, and promised each other a long tete-a-tete at another time. Before leaving, Chrissie Wood must be presented. She was in disposition vivacious, rather imperious, and impulsive to the last degree. Add to this that she was loving and loveable, and you have a fair estimate of the brown-eyed maiden's character, to whom you are introduced. A wealth of nut-browu hair and a clear, fair skin gave her a very bright appearance. ( To be concluded.) 