OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Not very long ago Mr. Dal ley describsd Sir Elenry Parkes as a species of political spectre tbat would not remain quietly inurned, but would persist in popping up at unexpecied times and giving nervous people a nasty shock. There is a ghost of a similar description on this side of the Murray, and it goes by the name of Sir Archibald Michie, Q.C., K.C.M.G. Tbe only difference between this precious pair of nobbled knights is that whereas your ghost is privileged to promenade legislative halls once more, ours has not yet snccecded in squeezing bis way in again amongst the new geueration of senators. Still he is doing bis level best, after a ghostly fashion. He has just issued a bulky pamphlet ostensibly on tbe education question, but so many extraneous topics are introduced that it would be more fittingly described as a garrulous comment on Victoria as it appears to the eye of a defunct politician. When an active member of the Assembly many years ago, Sir Archibald's strong point was the multiplicity and variety of his jokes ; and now, with an unaccountable fatuity, when on the verge of his 75th year, he still considers himself qualified to play the clown in tbe presence of an admiring colony. Tbe result is pitiful. No longer mentally able to coin fresh witticisms, and yet having a sort of hazy idea that something funny is expected from an ancient jester, he has endeavored to enliven the deadly dulness of his pamphlet by dragging in jokes that have been tbe common property of humanity for centuries—jokes that might have been invented by the Israelites to help to while away the time during their forty years wanderings in tbe wilderness. If Sir Archi- bald fancicd that stupid productions of tbat sort would win him a seat at the approaching general election, he woefully deceived himself. Its reception in the main bas been one ol pity at the contrast between tbe politics of tbe present and the politics of tbe past. Parliament has been contending in committee over the local option clause of tbe Licensing Bill. The publicans and their • friends strove hard to insist on an absolute ajority of the ratepayers ol a district voting for the closing of publichouses before the confiscating process commenced, but most of tbe members were of opinion tbat a division like that would render tbe measure nugatory, and so they decided in the end that one-third of the ratepayers on the roll must record their votes before any reduction of hotels can be made. This is a triumph for the temperance mrty, but the Licen&ed; Victualler^ Association iupreruely confident that the " absolute majority " clause will be carried in the Upper House. When woman's rights are eventually conceded by tbe tyrant man, Mrs. Hubbard is pretty sure to some to the front. Not the heroine of nureery-rbyme celebrity, but tbe inquisitive lady who bas been a thorn in the side of the managing committee of the Benevolent Asylum for veais. She was perpetually scouring tbe institution for grievances, and discovering so many mares' nests that the committee were compelled to exclude her from the buildiug and tbe grounds. This decree necessitated her receiving her information on asylum matters at second-band, but she was equal to tbe emergency. On mere hearsay statement she drew up a formidable array of charges of immorality, peculation, bad management, &c.;, and sent them on to tbe Government, who in a weak moment appointed a board of inquiry—a step which they now have every reason to regret, for uot a solitary charge could be substantiated. The people on whom. Mr?. Hubbard relied to prove her statements were id one by one, but none of them could remember having told her anythiug like what she attributed to them. With true feminine obstinacy she persisted to the end tbat her charges were well founded, and told tbe chair- man, with a provoking toss of the head, tbat her witnesses were frightened to speak out and say what they knew. This further charge of intimidation made some of the committee wild with vexation. It was adding insult to injury. Tbe episode serves to show that now, as in the beginning, a big fuss may be created by a little woman. A large number of people at present seem to be suffering from an abnormal development of the bump of destructiveness. The cushions and fittings of the carriages on tbe suburban railways have been so terribly torn and hacked that the commissioners have been obliged to tell off a number of officer* to travel in the trains and act as private detectives. None of the scoundrels have so far been caught—more's the pity !—for if they are young collegians, as some suspect, they deserve summary chastisement ; aud if they are old reprobates, as others think, they should be sent to seclusion for a term. The destroying fiends are also said to have cast their evil eyes on the Ilichmood Town-hall. The local mayor was about to give a graud banquet to celebrate bis election to the highest municipal dignit}*, when he received anonymous warning that himself and his guests would be scattered about promiscuously by dynamite before the feast was over. Undismayed by this terrible threat, bis Worship presided at the banquet, having previously taken the precaution of closely inspecting the cellars, and stationing a cordon cl policemen and detectives around the building. The dynamiters apparently bad not reckoned on such a scientific defence, and the evening passed away wiLhout any explosion other than tbat ordinarily occasioned by the popping of corks. It is now thought that some ill-conditioned ratepayer, resenting the non- receipt of an invitation, resolved to revenge himself by sending an anonymous threat to spoil the feast and disturb the digestion of the Mayor aud his friends. 