Amusements. TEMPERANCE CONCERT.--The usual monthly tem perance concert was given in the Temperance Hall on Saturday night. As the admission was free there was of course a large audience. Mr. G. H. Wigley, G.W.C.T., occupied the. chair, and on the platform were Mr. George Perry and others. Mr. P. Healy, iu bis usual good style, presided' at»the piano ; and a good programme of songs, recitations, &c;, was gone through. PEOPLE'S CONCERTS.— The result of Mr. Cot tier's efforts in having endeavoured to produce an attractive holiday programme in the Protestant Hall on Saturday night was that a capital en tertainment was given to an overflowing house. Abundant amusement was afforded to both old and young. If the hilarity or the audience be accepted as a criterion, these entertain ments continue to gain upon public favour. The first appearance of Master Harry Quealy, in a clog dance, was a success. H^arry Cottier, in his various impersonations, was applauded, and Waiter Cottier was funnier than ever. The - popular soprano, Miss Amy Blaekie, sang 'The Skipper and his Boy ' wjlth good effect. Mr. H. Eoyal successfully presided at the pianoforte. Mr. Wal ton's ' Never again,' and Miss Sherwood's Highland Bing were amone the items upon the programme. The .HAymaeket Academt. — The popular Satur day night concerts in tho Hiiymarket Academy con tinue to be well patronised. The company, although small, is an excellent one. Last Saturday night, Mr. T. H. Eainford, baritone singer and inter locutor and an old Sydney favourite, appeared. The other mombcrs of the company are Messrs. Cowan, Horfcon, Harrises, Tbiering. and Badcliff (violinist). It would tend very much to the con venience of the public if ' the management would lesson tbe length of these entertainments so as to allow suburban visitors a reasonable time to return to their respective homes. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. — After a run of sis weeks, Hiscoeks's Federal Hinistrcls changed their programme on Saturday night, and the cha racteristic wit and drolleries of the whole company. succeeJedin heartily amusing a va«t audience. ' Our Old Kentucky Home, ' renuered by the entire com pany at the conclusion of the firet part of the pro graujme, was loudly applauded. The performanceas heretofore, concludc-fl with the black pantomime of ' Harlequin Black Blue Beard.' THE OPERA HOUSE.— ' La Fille da Madame An got' was again performed iu the Opera House on Saturday night, before a large audience. All the principals acquitted ?fcliemselvos well. Kiss Gracie Plaistcd, Miss Frances Saville, and Mr. Chas. Harding received applause for their efforts. During the third J^cfc Madame Pasta gave a clever dance, which appeared to be highly appreciated. THEATRE ROYAL. — In tho Theatre Eoyal on S:^ urdav night a incase auttienr-e assembled to see the pantomime ' of ' Little Eed Hiding Hood. '? All &2 performers played their parts very well, but failed to arouse any enthusiasm among the audience. One or two new sonjjs, of which nothing need be said, ware introduced, as were also a fevr more localisms. MUSICAL UNION'S CONCERT. — The second concert cf the subscription season for 1SS4 and 1SS5, of the Sydney Musical Union was given in the great hall of the Sydney University last Saturday afternoon. There was a, large attendance. The programme con sisted chiefly cf orchestral music, and comprised Mendelssohn's Scottish svmphonv, an octett bv Svcndsen, and Beethoven's overture to Corioianus. There was a tolerably large orchestra, composed principally of our best players, and, consequently, the music of the programme was fairly inter preted. The symphony, although it is beauti ful and grand, considered simply as a piece of music, bears (with one exception) not the slightest resemblance to anj'thing- in Scottish music; Scottish heather, Scottish institutions, or anything else that is essentially Scottish. The ex ception we have referred, to consists of a Germanised parody on the Jacobite air, 'Charlie is my Darling,' in which the ghost of the tune shows wsolf in dim obscurity, as befits a ghost, and then dissolves away into a German mist. We have already said that the music of the symphony is grand and beautiful; but it is thorough^ German, and not Scottish, with the exception already pointed out. Under the skilful baton- of Herr Kretschmann it was finely interpreted. A similar remark is applicable to the oetett by Svendsen, and the overture by Beethoven. The Musical tJnion has certainly done praiseworthy work in bringing^ these pieces under the notice of our musical pnbiic, ior, although they are often heard in Europ'e, they are novelties in Sydney. The vocal part of the programme consisted of the Evening Prayer, ' This niglit I lift my heart,' from Costa 's 'EH,' and tbe song, 'Golden days,' by Sullivan, boai ct whieii were admirably sung by Miss Mane St. Clair. The first, of those songs had an orchestral setting, and the seeoB-3 a pianoforte accoaspanimeut, which was played with taste and expression by Mr. Allpress. GAIETY THEATRE — Dunning's London Comic Opera Company opened on Saturday evening in 'Boccaccio,' which, it will be remembered, was performed by them with great success at the Opera House during their former season'in Sydney. It -was a rather risky venture on the part of the writer of the libretto, to incorporate with his work two of the very finest of the stories contained in the famous ' Decaniercn, ' but his delisate method of dealing with such subjects was certainly commensurate with his daring, and it. was a rather happy idea to intro duce Boccaccio himself as the hero of the piece. To enjoy it thoroughly one would, however, need to follow the advice of Charles Lamb with reject to the 'works of certain of our English ?comic dramatists, and imagine that the triumphant gallants, the 'merry wives,' and the duped hns- bands whom it brings before him, are the denizens of a purely conventional region of romance, and have nothing in common with the inhabitants of this prosaic ^vorld of ours, nothing at least so far as theories of 'cold morality' are concerned.. The incidents in. 'Boccaccio' are full of' humour, and harmonise perfectly with the joyous 5and sparkling character of the music. As a spectacular production, it is also particu larly attractive. The dresses are most picturesque, and the shapely figures they set off present quite a bewildering array, what with representatives of students^ pages, courtiers, fair ladies, citizens, &c.; The little stage of the Gaiety did not exhibit to the best advantage the many charming1 pictures which the opera in question offers; but the artists marie tho most of their limited space. Miss Ivanova, as on previous occasions, sustained the character of Boccaccio. She dressed it in. bewitching fashion, and sang and acted in a style which obtained warm -recognition, from the audience. Kametta, the maiden brought up as the daughter of the olive grower, but who turns out to be a princess in disguise, and whom Boccaccio wins and weds, found an excellent representative in Miss Annie Leaf ; Isabella, tlie young wife of the cooper, was portrayed by Miss aosephiae Deakin, and Mies Stanley was the formidable-looking, ye't by no means too strait-laced spouse of the old olivergrower Lam-* bertucchio. As that addle-vated wine-bibber. Mr. T. B. Appleby had good play for his comic powers, and repeatedly elicited shouts of laughter, . while Mr. Lissant, as the bibulous cooper, Lotterin g-hi, was also Very amusing. Mr. Knight Aston, «s Leonetto, the friend of Boccaccio, was a typical lady Mlling cavttlier ; his singing was heartily applauded. The songs and choruses all through the opera ?weTe capitally rendered, but, as usual, special favour was accorded to the cooper's chorus, which was en thusiastically received. A notable feature in 'the third act was a gracefully-performed dance by the asters Martin. The house was full in all parts, and/ judging from the -hearty ^reception given .to them on their first night, lihe season commenced by the Dun-' ning -Company is likely to foe a prosperous one. ' Boc caccio' wffl be repeated till future notice. THE KENDALL MEMORIAL FUND..— On Monday night She. Burns' dub celebrated 4^e -biriihday of Eobert Burns, fhe 3?oet of Bcotlana, Cby u 'musical ? and literary entertainment in Sid of the Kendall memorial 'fund. The entertainment took place in fee ISew Masonic Sail, iOagtlereagh-street, in -the1 presence of '& large and appreciative audience. ^Dhe ; 'caair/was occupied J-y the president of ihe club, ? $&. Andrew ilFCre&e;, vrlo delivered a^brief addresfe, '. in winch 'he sketched the chief features cf the poet's) ?life and poetry, and mentioned'-Ehe Object for ?wbieh' Sie entertainment was given. The programme, ' ?which consisted almost entirely of Scottish, songs and poems, Was most «'ffe(itive'ly carried ont Toy Messrs. J. Finlayson, S. James, E. Millen, J. M'Intyre, M.S. JSuiray, idbng with Mrs. Innee, MisB Jessie Jardine, Miss Clara Hamilton, and Kiss JMaria Hornimaa.' i-ne larcer-acsea as -accompanist. Mx. J. Jtt ifae Iplayed the pipes, and. the. music was danced to by pfljefeters Duncan, and M*Eae. -Angas Cameron, J)J O'Ooniipr, Ms.CA., along 'withi Messrs. Alex ander EBthsl, Quong Tart, J. D. Maclean,: ?A, ; Telfer, and other gentlemen occupied iseats on the platforni. At the close of Uie ?first part of 4he programme Mr. D. O'Connor' ?delivered iiariBf -address, imrhiefclie -pointed outSie Teseujblaaibe between the more salient features of the lifejbistoryof ^Bie poet of Scotland ana the .poetrof Auatralia. OnS-onalf ;of %he TradoW and orphans of £& late Henry Kendall lie ihanked the la&ies; antl jgentlemen who had -feo .^feBeTonsly *g'ot'np lie enter-' ta&inent; in aid of the feendaJl memorial fund, and hadigireniiieir «te,jices to^t eratuitonsly. ! JWhsB. ojertng a j&ieml; a«igar nawaS&yB;, instead «a«aying lSvaia^oii- Bmokef'^fiie*n8tom istoianS 0vjB**he;weelT(nSiiiu3 «emari,:*'5BnMi1iis.' :- /35iw— 4EKey jjBay ; if vone finds a Jonr-leafed clover she will be married b3?ore the vear is out. Emma — . An Jinotr lun'derstaud what they Jnean by living' in jgonth-Austeilian orictetars beatthe'Victori«neia atetbourneyesteraay, ' 