The rain had come so suddenly that the Countess Elsa Arcon could not possibly, ®1 e11 putting spurs to her horse, reach Castle Lancut before she was wet through and through, so she and her old groom, John Drim, drew rein under the porte-cochere of a dilipated building, that seemed uninhabited as well. The countess sprang from her horse, saying : "Here is shelter, at least, John. Is not this one of our farm-houses ? Put up the horses, and we will wait in one of the rooms for the storm to pass.*"' " Your ladyship forgets " . " ^liat ? Are all the rooms shut up ?" inquired the countess, now half-way up the steps. i>Tot shut up; but your ladyship knows tuat a dragoon regiment was stationed nei.e a week ago, and your ladyship lm-t given them one of your farm-houses for quarters. On, was It this one ?' laughed the countess, and as she knocked at the door with her riding-whip, it opened, and an olncer stepped out. He was tall, slender, built man, the personification u.le week Mars, in figure, strength, and carriage, but withal so deadly pale that tne beholder could not decide whether his beauty was greater than his singular pallor. "Oil!" he exclaimed, as lie saw the lady, pardon me." I came to beg for admission. The old house belongs to me, but you are the owner at present; will you give me and my old John shelter from the storm ?" You will bring my poor room good foitune, mademoiselle,'' and she found heiself in a room hung with epaulettes and uniforms ; tae table was a cliaos of books, letters, cigar-cases, gloves, cravats, ink-stands, and small change. He swept tiie table clear, and she seated herself and looKed through the window at the howling summer storm. You must keep us for a couple of hours, lieutenant," she remarked, '' Will you ? I am the Countess Elsa Arcon, of Castle Lancut." He bowed politely, but with slight in difference, almost mechanically. Inevery thing that he did there was something measured, almost soulless, as if'he went through the customary forms of life by routme. •> " I am Lieutenant Raymond Sternfeld. You spoke of my keeping you; but, as « m? ow' ^ie house is yours " JNot the room, though." She turned as she spoke, and for the first time they looked each other in the face. For the first time she marked his youth, his ex eeedmg beauty, his unnatural pallor, and shivered as if with sudden cold. And as jus eyes rested on her he seemed to fear her lovely as she was. He betrayed a sudden discomposure, and caught at his heart as one does when overcome by sudden terror or sudden grief. But the little scene lasted scarcely a second, and they continued such a conversation as generally follows a first meeting She glanced out of the window again, and watched the effects of the storm with an artist's interest. " Does not the beauty in all this wit ness impress yon deeply T she asked ^ -No'." he s:»d 5 -"'id again she noticed the ternble quiet of indifference in him as if he were strange to the world and the world to hmi; as if he could feel neither joy nor sorrow ; as if he were a handsome; powerful automaton, in whose face his ina^er had forgotten to put a touch of living color. " No ; 1 see nature's beauty and wndness, but*Tca.n n«.t say they im press ine." "You are fortunate," said the lady, slowly. How comfortable it luuft be for you." "Do you think so ?" he replied, st.ni" at the raging storm ; then, with apnarent effort, he turned to his fair guest. "I am disgracefully negligent: let me draw the sofa to the window." " No, thank you ; I am a little cold." " \our habit, is damp. What can I do?" " Give me a cigarette." " I am sorry that I have only Virginia. J<5si, niy Cossack, shall get you some tobacco and ricc-papcr." " Wouid you have him drown on the way V cried the countcss. But you can not smoke Virginia." I hope not. Do you take me for a corporal V she cried, with her own pretty vivacity. "I only wonder at you smoking such poison." " You are a connoisseur." "I have tried all kinds. My father was an inveterate smoker, and my hus band, General Arcon, was ill for five years before his death, and I was his only nurse. I learned to know my cigarette well during those long nights of watching and waiting, in the close,. bad atmosphere of a sick room." She spoke simply, and Sternfeld threw her a glance that seemed to ask pardon for an injustice done lier in his thoughts. " But you have tea and a samovar, 1 see," she added; " will you give me a cup of tea ? You -see I invite myself." " I will make it for you, countess." " "What! an officer make tea, with a lady in the room!" laughed the pretty woman, taking the old Chinese tea-caddy and the samovar into her own hands. "Bezerdyi belongs to your regiment, I believe. He used to be in the Uhlans, and is a son of Field-Marshal Bezsrdvi, is he not ?" "You know everything, countess." " Oh, you wonder that I am well versed in axmy matters. You must remember that I am a soldier's daughter and a soldier's widow. Otherwise i should not have flown so straight to a soldier for shelter from the storm," she finished with a smile. There was pride and dignity in her smile, childlike as her eyes were. They drank their tea, the clouds broke away, and the countess rose to go. "Thank you," she said, as she gave him her hand, " and do not let me remain your debtor long. You are invited to come as a friend to Castle Lancut. I and my aunt, the Countess Odescali, will be delighted to see you. Will you come ?" He bent his handsome head. " Your permission is an honor. Our major, Count Lettwitz, will shortly wait upon you with his officers." "GooH-bye, then. I shall reach Lancut in sunshine." As she rode away two officers met her and bowed. One was the captain Count Linski, a tall, slender man, with a projec ting chin; the other was Count Dobski, ugly, and small, with freckles, red hair, and little, false, grey eyes. " Look, that is the countess from the castle," said Luiski. " She was talking with Sternfeld. How did Sternfeld, who is an iceberg, get mixed up"— The ugly little red-head smiled malici ously. " Sternfeld and a love-afiair J " he said, scornfully. " Not so impossible," returned Captain Linski. "Will you go with me and speak to liiin ? " " To Sternfeld ? No !" said the little count, sharply, and the Captain went alone. You have had a visitor I see," he said, as he entered the room. "Lord knows, such a piece of femnity makes a bachelor's den more home-like, even if she is gone. The tea is hot still. Yes ; thanks. It was the Countess Arcon. Have you known her long ? Or is she a relative ? " I saw her to-day for the first time," answered Sternfeld, in Jus indifferent manner. "Tiie mm drove her in." "You lucky dog ! Then you will not be sorry when the major takes us all to call upon her to morrow. She must be a peculiar creature. Scandal has never breathed her name. She nursed an old husband on his death, bed, vegetates here witn a half idiotic old aunt, plays the piano magni ficently, and will not hear of a suitor. What is she like T "I really did not notice her," said Sternfeld, in his lifeless way. The major and five of his officers made ^eir visit to Castle Lancut. The Countess fjlsa, and her aunt Odescali received them charmingly. The Countess Odes cali was sarcely more than a cretin who always smiled and ate, but she was a sovt of a chaperon for the j-oung widow, and, with the^ exception of the necessary retmue oa servants thsy vrerc the sole occupants of tlie castle. "As a widow," said the Countess Elsa in farewell, I liave no reception day, but I hope whenever you are riding by vou will come in for half an hour when you liave the time to spare—and as many of you together as possible." There was a charming air of command about her last words. As a soldiers daughter and a hostess, she wished to be on good terms with all the officers but to none intimately. When they were gone she said to her aunt: "Well, dear Mona, how do you like them ? ' But she did not ask the question for the sake of any answer, for Madame Odescali s liveliest means of expression was an eternal, gentle smile. She was treated by her cheerful young niece like a poor orphan child, and the Countess j Elsa talked with her only to express her own opinions and give lier monologues an acceptable form. "You don't care much for the major, you would say. pursued Elsa. "He tries to be more martial than Mars. You like that long Count Linski the best; he is not i;au:.is>;me, and he seems to have a wicked tongue, but he has some sense, you tiiirjk. ^ Uczordyi it a nice boy ; yes, you are ri.-int. But 1 cannot endure that hideous O'CJ.Xt Dobski, nor you either, J a.nii. It.; };:is never done us any harm, but se u:>ie;\sta»d now the proverb : I'.od i:;i;r care. .\ii in all, we are raging, arc wo not, aunt ? Isn't it shameful that he did not come ? It is unpardonable 3 Of course, the ma jor said to them : Gentle men, we must pay our respects to the countess on whose estate we are stationed, ana she v. ili invite us to dinner on sun days;,' So thi-y all came except him. I care nothing about it, but it would have been polite to return the visit I was forced to make him." The Countess supposed that Aunt Odes cali, as usual, lieard little and understood less, So slie started when the Odescali, opening lier heavy mouth a little wider, saiil, thickly : "Who?" ' ihe man who gave ine shelter hi the rain.^ lio'.v do 1 know what is name is ?" " He is a count (" "No." "Is lie handsome?" " ^ hat is he, then ?" " Rude; ! said the countess with flushed cheeks, _ then she laughed, and added: What silly things -,ve are to get so angiy, Mona.'' Aunt j^Iona smile;!, as usual. The countess did her duty ; She invited the Officers who had visited lier to at Lancut. The dinners passed off as such dinners do. They told military anecdotes, bilked politics, paid a few com ponents to the lady of the house, ate, drank and felt completely at ease. In one j of the anecdotes Lieutenant Sternfeld's ' name caiae up. | " You know him, Countess ?" inter rupted Captain Linski, involuntary. "lie is a member of your regiment who gave me shelter in the last rain-storm," said the countess tranquilly. "Why was he not with you when you called 2" " Oh." cried Dobski, shrilly, " Stemfeld j is a little toque. He is a misanthrope of I the deepest hue. You must not measure \ liim by the rules of society. Have you j not seen him ? He is as white as the %vall. I believe lie eats lucifer matches." Linski gave the little man a contemptu ous glance, and, in his deepest voice, said to the countess: " In fact Stemfeld is shy. He used to be more sociable, but for the last six months he lias apparently been ailing. Yet he is one of the bravest officers in the army — a man of honor through and through,-and a hero." " Until lie had that rencontre with Prince Teko, in Vienna, about a danseitse of the worse reputation," cried Dobski. "The .idvantage was all on Stemfeld's side, count," said Linski, raising his voice, " and you are the last person to refer to the aiiair, for the sake of your friend Prince Teko." " Gentlemen," said the countess in a mocking voice and a haughty face, " you are disputing about the right and wrong of a man in whom I have not the slightest interest. Pray finish your former story." And when her guests had left her, Countess Elsa, who had talked, laughed, and played her best, leaned her lovely head on Aunt Mora's shoulder as if deathly weary, and said, faintly : " It has been a stupid day, Mona. For 2\. danscv.sc, they said, and he looks like Byron in liis sorrow. I was very silly, Mona. Heaven be praised, I am cured." Aunt Mona smiled and stroked the cheek of her niece, who in that instant buried a sor-i ething as yet formless and nameless in her stillest souL So the summer passed away. The countess passed her days, as formerly, at the piano, or with her embroidery, in monologues with Aunt Mona, or receiving visits from the officers or from the ladies of the neighborhood. She was naturally too proud ever again to mention Lieu tenant St.ernfeld's name, and she had probably quite forgotten him, as it never appeared in her monologue with her aunt. But one chance threw her with him. It was on the high road. A lovely summer day was changing into a disagreeable afternoon of angry wind and dust. The Countess Elf?a was sitting in a little pavilion at the park gales, where she had brought her work, and now she rose and leaned over the balustrade to watch a little caravan that was being swept along the road. It consisted of a bearded Italian carrying a little child on his back ; beside him ran a little boy with three pots, and a tiny girl wrapped in a coarse cloth, like a scarecrow, and the rear was brought up a young man with a bass viol, a violm, j and a bundle of clothes. They tret ted by, poor children of the south, driven forward by the raw wind of the north, and the Countess Elsa's eyes followed them with the sliadow of tears. One more came after; but no, he did not belong to them, this tall man in the faultless military cloak, and cap pulled far down over his brows. TTis eyes and hers met so directly that he could not but pause and bow. "Did yoa see the poor people?" she asked, as she leaned over the railing. The pale officer lieared the gates and. rested one foet 011 the lower step of her pavilion, but she did not invite him in. " Poor people ?" he inquired, as if astonished. " I saw none." "Oh, you are up in the clouds !" cried the countess. "They were just in front of you, and at first I took you for one of them." He did not smile. Sucl: a thing seemed impossible for his quiet features. " Oh, you mean the Italian inns'cims. Why do you call them poor ? They are two, they have children with them. I call them rich. What does your tender heart find to pity in them V' There was slight irony in his tone, not that of a desire to wound, but that which springs from a bitterly roused heart. "Do yoa not see that they have no mother, and 110home ?" cried the countess." " Home ? Why, they have the loveliest in the world—Italy." " Italy!" she exclaimed, angrily. " Every man has the land of his birth, I suppose. But these poor people must wander, wander, wander among strangers, misunderstood, earning their bread from day to day, never seeing the next step before them, going back t>> their Italy with gray hair and weary hearts, and knowing that she may grudge them even tlioir graves." " And there are people who never may hope to see tlioir native land again, coun tess," answered the pale o:licer, sharply. " There are many quire respectable people who wander among st rangers, stain merino another tongue, or grown quite dumb, but they find no pity, because they do not parade their loneliness. Do you think an oak tree may not be lonely, helpless— may not die of neglect in the midst of a forest of oaks T' She bent her head and rose. " You should know that better than I," she said; " but the storm is increasing and I am growing cold. Good night." She bowed aud vanished from the pavilion. He pursued his homeward way against the wind, but once he stood still and looked back. " She must hate me," lie said to linn self ; "and why ?" Then as he walked he murmured, "Is it worth while ?" And when he reached home he said to his Cos sack : " Josi, lay out my parade tilings to morrow. I shall make a visit." The Countess Arcon was on the point of making a tour of her field, when she heard the bell announcing a visitor. It seemed to ring like a call for help in the ears of the mistress. " Poor Aunt Odescaliand poor visitor," she murmured, and turned back from the liedge-gate to the front steps. There she found Lieutenant Stemfeld. She bowed, but. stood still instead of entering the house. The beauty of the day might be her excuse, though her reception was not cordiaL He stood before her as before his general, and said, ceremoniously : " Madame la comtesse, I have come to pay you my respects. How beautiful your park is I" It was a beginning, and they walked together along the gravelled path and around the fountain in front of the house He answered more than lie talked, but she felt conversational with him in spite of herself. She showed him the two pavilions that her husband's parents had i built, and spoke of her own childish fancies. I " Yes," lie replied, " youth is irrepres sible. It is past and gone, and we give it | up, but it always seems to be standing behind us. to keep a soft hand 011 our j shoulder, and its sweet mouth says, I ' Thank God for me.'" " Ah, I like you now!" cried Elsa; "you would look on those poor musicians of yesterday with different eyes, to-day. You are one of those people on whom the weather has a great influence, like plants." " Do you think so, countess ?" ho an ! swercd; with a sad glimmer of a smile. | But ife tms a smile. "I think you are | mistaken. Every heart longs for joy and j gladness ; tliare is none that folds pleasure in melancholy onty because the weather changes. Tlie sunshine or storm that makes our souls light or dark is witliin us, and not easity altered by force of will." " If people have heavy burdens to bear," said the countess, "they must not isolate themselves ; they roust seek cheer ful people and try to lead a. cheerful life, else they will find existence poor and wretched." "Do you mear. me ? " he asked, softly. "Yes" she resumed, heartily. Pardon me, but I think you are a little unsym pathetic and unsociable. Of course it consems no one, least of all a woman; but I am not a woman — I am a neigh bour." He answered her smile, and there was something like gratitude in his glance and the light that came into his face like a winter sun on a snow-field. " Have you never hearu, countess,"' he asked, slowly, " of a woman who in a time of cpideinic avoided licr own child, and shut the door on her weeping trea sure '!—who died alone, without a hand to wipe the death-damp from her brow, that she might save her child of infection ? Or say that a man knows he is poisoned through and through—that the touch of his hand, the breath of his lips will bring his own curse on others—will he not say to those who love him, ' Back'? Or, rather, will he not avoid every opportu nity to love, when lie knows that fiis love will bring destruction to its object ? Or, take a wretched vagrant on whom rests the curse of some crime, and who expects every day to feel the hand of ignominy on his shoulder; let some loving being — a friend, a wife, a brother—open the door of a home to him on his weary march, warm as the hearth may glow, soft as the lamp may burn, lovingly as the lips may smile, will lie enter to biing his curse across that threshold ? No J" "Perhaps not" said Elsie Areon; "but what courage, to be wretched, dying, and to push away the hand that would succor! But where have you learned that dreary way of looking at life ? Is not this earth beautiful 7 Look at the roses. See how the sun sends pearly lights across the spray in the fountain. Is it not glorious ? Is it not bliss to be alive ?" "Who could say no to you?" he an swered with shining eyes and a faint tremulousness of the lip. " You fill eveiy one that hears you with your joy in life. It is a blessed gift, and one that scatters blessings. Cod protect you from all sad ness !" She blushed, but without embarrass ment, and their eyes met. When the glance of two pure and noble souls meet and hold each other, a moment of restful pause from the storm of life comes to both, even if what the world call love never has existed between them and never is to exist. She only thought how glad she was that at last he seemed happy. Suddenly something seemed to separate him from her, as if a horrible recollection swept over his soul. He turned deadly pale, his mouMi grew distorted, but only for a second ; then he regained his self control, the terrible quiet that she had just succeeded in breaking. Spirits may look so when they hover over the cradle of an orphan child and hear the cock crow. " I quite forgot," he said, presently, "that 1 am under orders to-day, and must go back. Pardon me for having trespassed on your time so long, madame. Had she dreamed that this apathetic statue that spoke so mechanically and moved so wearily had been but a moment before a thinking, feeling human being ? No. As she looked after him, Elsa said to herself that ho was no misanthrope, lie was not unfeeling, he was only mortally tired. He had a 31 cart. A few days afterward there was a fair in one of the great market towns, and Elsa ArcOii, with her Aunt OdescaJi and eight or ten friends from the neighboring estates, drove over in a party to look on. Late in the afternoon they set out for home, but the evening was so lovely that it seemed a pity to separate, and what pleasanter than to accept the invitation of the pretty Countess Arcon, and have supper and spend the nighfc at Castle Lancut ? After supper, as the moonlight was bril liant, they all. went out on the terrace, where the night air was heavy with the perfume of iiowers. " It is just the hour to listen to some tli ng thrilling,1' said one of the ladies. j " Who knows a ghost story ?" " Or a murder stoxy ?" said another. " You always have a story ready, Dobski," cried one of the men to the freckled little count, the only officer present. " Yes, I know a story, but not the sort you want. " It is true, though; I have it on the best of authority." " Oh, tell it> When did it happen ? Do we know the heroine ?" " That I can not say, but it happened about a week ago in Paris. The jady's name was Felice Franois. Her father, was a general hi the cavalry, and she was out of boarding-school. The old general, though he. was much beloved by the army, was really rather a common sort of adven turer. Ae was extravogant to the last degree, guzzled champagne at breakfast,, and his wife was a milliner's doll, and notliing more. So he went on making debts, though he know he never could pay, and every one lent because he gave his word of honor. But a day came when he must either break his word or go to the Jews. Well, he had a friend, an old man, who said to him : ' I will pay your debts on condition that you sell me your daughter—I beg pardon—I mean that she will marry me.3 So the father spoke to his daughter, and she clung to the old man with both hands, and to secure silk dresses and diamonds for life she sold herself like a bale of goods." " Is tliat all the story said a Polish count. "There is nothing unusual in that.'; " Yes," grinned Count Dobski, " it is a very simple story, but suppose the heroine were one of our friends ?" "Oh, it is too disgraceful1." cried the ladies. At last the moon set, and they separated for the night. As Dobski kissed his hostess's hand, she said : "Thank you, count, for entertaining my guests so kindly when I was tired." "Oh, countess, you flatter mc," he answered, modestly. But if he liad seen her heart he would have trembled, re morseless as he was. Early the next morning the guests assembled for breakfast and departure. The lady of the house sent her excuses. She had caught cold on the terrace, and was unable to appear. After the guests were gone, Aunt Mona knocked at the door until she opened it. Here eyes were said: "A little headache, auntie. I am better, thank you." Then she went back to her chair, and sat down with her head m her hands, supposing hor smiling aunt would go. away. But suddenly she felt Aunt Mona's hand on her shoulder, and heard he say: " Elsa, 1 will tell you what is the matter. Will you listen ?" Elsa stared at her. The arwrcotyped smile had gone from her face, and heroyes were dim with tears : and she spoke dis tinctly, thosgh slow and heavily ; " You wonder to hear me talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind not long ago, and my head began to Jive again. But it wna hard for me to talk, so I kersfc still, and 1 heard people say such evil tilings, that I did not care to open my mouth to them. But you never laughed at me, Elsa, and I nvust speak to you, for you are unhappy. That foul-mouthed man wounded you to the heart yesterday, and you are alone. 1 can only comfort yon, not help you : you must find a friend io do that-. You have one in your heart, and he is brave, but you would never call liim, so I have sent for luiu, and lie will be here to-day- Who is lie, do you asli 1 Could I mean any one but the man who tliis moment is riding to your door V' And she pointed to the window, and the man that Elsa Aram saw was Lieutenant Stern?eld. She went down to receive him, and motioned him to sit beside her. He said, in his weary yet courteous way, that she had sent for him, and that he had come to know in what, way he could be of service to her. She tried to answer with coldness and pride, but slie looked at Mm and trusted him. " Pardon my sending for you," she an swered ; "1 need a friend." " Who has more friends than the Coun tess Arcon ?" " Friends who would like to be suitors. Do you think one of the men who come to my house, if I called on them in this way, would not feel justified in taking advan tage of it i For that reason I sent for you." " For me V "Yes; because you are indifferent to me as a "woman, because you are indif ferent to the whole world, and because I feel that you are an honorable man » She was almost as pale as he, as she con tinued : So, in this moment of my life when I need help, will you be my friend?" She seemed rather io confer than ask a favour. " Your friend,"' ho murmured. It is a simple thing that-1 ask you to do; only to read this letter from my dead rather on the day of my marriage to General Arcon." " Countess, I cannot read your letter I caimotaccept the honor of your friendship, nor ask you to rely on my befriending you. * 3 She rose, with rage and sliame. "Because J am not a dc.nscu&c;!" she cried. " You know about that ?" His eyes were unnaturally large, and his lips grew «vS n hite as his cheeKs. She was frightened at what she had said, but her pride came back. " I have heard it." " That dnnscuse, niadamc la comtesse, I have never spoken to, never even seen," he said, with a return of his customary indifference to her, to the world, to him self. " Prince Teko was her avowed lover. One e vening at mess, when he had been drinking, he gave an infamous description of his inamorata, with whom he had quarellcd. I did not know the woman, but the dung enraged me. I told the prince mv opinion of him. That was all,'' She drew a loiy breath. "Can you pardon me ? I was hurt at you refusing defend me. And so the tiling blew over ?" His lips formed the word " Yes." '' And you forgive me ?" "For what V' CiI was afraid I had wounded you," she said, almost shyly. He made no answer, only took the letter, and said: " I am to read tliis ?" " If you jilease." It ran as follows : " My jtKARL-Y beloved Elra: Will you, indeed, take this step ? Think that he is an old. man, and you are still almost a child. True, he once did me a great service, and spared me a deep sorrow, but was he not my old friend and companion in arms ? Is ow that lie is sick and alone he needs care, you say, and you will pay my moral debt and fetter your young life to a sick old man. Don't do it Elsa, 1 implore you. Arcon is no longer rich, and we are wealthy once more. We will make him one of ourselves, and teach him to forget his pride, but not through your self-sacri fice. There is still time to say no, Elsa. Say it J" "I was an overstrung, eccentric girl," said Elsa, as lie finished, " but I have never^ regretted my step. I gave my father s benefactor a happy old age. The world judges only by appearances, and yesterday a wicked man said wicked things of me to my face, without naming names. But how often will lie name that at mess and in gossiping visits f So all I ask is that a friend who is not a lover shall say witn authority, <It is not true.' Will you say that ?" '' What do you require of me, countess ?" Iie^ exclaimed. " If you only knew !" ' hat do I require !" she cried, in a stifled voice. "Is it so much ? Am I not wortn even a word ?" '\cs, he groaned. "You must not speak so. iou are tearing my heart out. 1 "J.e lc-avmg you, countess—I am id Iou shall learn whether I can be your friend or undertake this mission, but not now. His words rang in her ears, but he was gone. * * * * * * Lieotexavt Steexfkj.]) to the Countess A uCON. ''3Ia:>ame la Comtesse: I do not know wnat I am to say to you in this ieUer. 1 -.>iuv know that I must tell you all t^iut struggles in me, You will take tuese words for what they are, the cry of a heart Liat would give the last drop of its oloi k» to spare you a sad moment, to win a smile from you, to linger for an hour by your side. 1 am young, my heart is full to overflowing, and I shall never see you again. From the moment that you read these lines I shall have vanished li'om the world for you. Do not be an^ry that I dared not accept the honor of beuig your brother. My unhappy fate forbids me to live with life, to count upon to morrow. But one thing it does not for bid—the courage and the power to tell you that 1 love you with the first, holiest, and oh, indeed, the last love of my heart I love you with every fibre of my being* with every thought of my soul, withevexy pulse of my body that in a few moments is to moakler m tne grave, where it long been due. I love you unutterably. God. bless you. Farewell forever. S." •*•*** * * A starless night hung over the Lancut estates, oppressive, damp ; darkness, through which a woman knocked at the lonely farm-house where Lieutenant Stern feld lived. The door was opened by the man himself, with a light in his hand. She entered; her old servant, John Drim, stood on the steps outside. The Countess Elsa Arcon pushed back the hood of her waterproof and said, as she stood within tho threshold : " Lieutenant Sternfeld, you are a wicked man." He placcd liis light on the window-sill with trembling fingers, only saying : "You here, countess ?' and then stood with folded hands before her, as if she were a saint. But she looked at him with breath less anger. " You torrrified me to death by your letter. Heaven be praised, yon are here." " You were alarmed about me V "Yes she answered, honestly, though the glance she gave him was indescribable in its reproach and pride ; " now it is over. I was alarmed about a human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. Ifo one ever cared for my grief." He caught her hand and held her from going. "Elsa, do not leave me!" He cried. I told you .that I was wretelied, and you"— " I only wished to tell yon to be brave," she struck in. " You have a wife you do not love, or you are in love with some one you cannot marry, and you whimper like a child. Ib that manly f" " Love anyone but you f I can bear it no longer in this last hour when I must return to the grave in which I have been lying for a year. Elsa, I dared not take or return, love, because—I am a dead man!" She took a sudden step backwards and stared at him as if he was mad. " Yes, " he continued, with his eyes fixed despairingly on her face ; " Have you never felt it ? Listen. I am only a ghoEt; to. morrow's sun must not see me on earth. J\> you think I am mad f Listen. My parents were poor; I was always lonely and ambitious, and I would not dissipate my youth as other men do in my profession. 1 told you of my quarrel with Prince Teko. A duel natu rally Allowed, but our colonel interfered and it was stopped, at least apparently; not really, however. As we could not fight openly, we arranged a secret duel. ^Ve drew lots in the presence of two witnesses, Dobski and Linski. The one on whom tho lot fell was to die by his own hand before the end of a year. It fell on me, and to-morrow is my last day. Why should I not have died before ? I could lake care of my mother so much the longer ; and I lived so litt4« always work ing for my fortune. So I have "lived my year, but how ! Day by day, hour by hour, death crept towards me. 1 dared bind myself to no one. I must stamp out all longing for life and love. Then you came into my life, and I loved you. I saw heaven, and dared not stretch out my hand toward it; I saw the highest blessing of life held out to me,and had to dash it from my thirsting lips. I must die—and you st*vnd before me the image of the beauty, glory, and blessedness of life, hopelecsly lost to me." His eyes closed, and ho fell full length before her, catching a fold of her dress in his fall. She sank beside him, took him in her arms, and bogged him, as if beside herself to say.it- was not true ; she cried that she loved him, and how was it pos sible for him to die when they could be happy ? "It ;.3 well I took the poison before you came," lie said, at last; "now I should not have the courage." His eyes did not close again, but rested on her face with an expression of unspeak able love. She saw the end was near, and neither spoke nor moved. Her lips received his last breath. The whole corps was at first horrified at tho "legitimate" suicidc of a brave com rade, who an hour before liis death had written to the colonel setting forth the reason, but they all declared he could not have done otherwise. The Countess Elsa Arcon withdrew with her poor aunt to some quiet Italian baths. The great world thought the countess was acting nobly in tending her Eoor imbecile relative. They did not now it was the relative who was nursing a dying woman. For when the Spring came Elsa went out of life as a flame goes out. A maladie de Imiguer, said the physicians. She was buried in the sweet Italian convent which she had endowed with her fortune, and in which AuntMona lingered out her last days, without a word and without a smile. — -Translated from the German of E. M. Vacano by Helen Lake. 1 " 