CHAPTER VI. THE NNEETET CLAIM, Lht ua suppose a gap of two or three week a between the opening of this ohapter and the olose of the last, and note a few of the events that had oaaurred during those weeks. In the first place shaft No, 2 in the gaily had been oleared out, rigged with a windlaBS and other digging gear, and a company of four, formod aa proprietors, though hut two of them were working partners. Of the four of ooursQ Tady and his master were two, and the other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite young trooper stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Olark, tho son of a farmer in the vicinity of the township. In claim No. 1 a great deal of work had also been dono, but thore was a great deal more to do. For one thing tho No. 1 workings had been originally far more developed than any other opened in tho gully, and had, at tho time of tho murder, and in consequence of the murderer's displacement of tho props to ef» feet his purpose, fallen in almost from the surfeoe, ~so that to enablo tho mining to be resumed on the original plan, a great deal of clearing-out work had to be done, While his brothor Gonn, and'other engaged men wtiro ocoupied in this work,Father James had boon almost entirely confined to his room, and no one could doubt his illncas who looked into his face. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's breast-a warfare that Nora nover once was aware of or noticed, that Oonn. saw but did not quite understand, but that Mrs. Brady watohed with a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindictive. He wandered aronnd tho gardens in the dusk of evenings, avoiding his kind as though the eight of a human face was hateful to him, ond moro oapecially did the sight of hia mother act upon him in the strangest man ner, He would shudder if hia eye met her's, and turn away hurriedly sometimes, while at others ho would meet her look with one bo awful-so full of white, threatening angor that she would hasten away with tho fear of Hho dared Boarcely think what in hor hard ened heart. In the dead lioura of night, too, there wero sometimes heard shrieks aa for rnoroy, and sliouta as of triumph, and groans an of a deathly agony, and when those of St. Herrick's heard them they were wont to covor their heads up in the bed-olothea, and wait for silence in.fear and trembling. 4 But St. Herrick's was far from another house, and no hint of these disturbances had aa yet leaked out for Nora, who was tho only ignorant ono of tho family, was a heavy sleeper, and ,paaily terrified by a hint at ghosts; so they had little trouble with her; only Tady, her lovor, felt tho troublesome effects of the ghost rumonr, for Nora would not meet him after dusk for all his bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and he was work, iug so hard in the day timo that he aould not Bnatoh many momenta to gladden hia little eyoa with a sight of his darling's faos. Ono brilliant morning, when the sun'a r'aya were sparkling in the waters of Greek Roban, like a rain of diamonds, and when every lea:: and flower seemed to have retained all the freshness of the sweat dew, Leonard Prossor mounted hia horoa and rode the short distance between the Marranga Hotel and the Mar ranga Police Station. Hia destination was tho latter, for during the time that has elapsed since I elosed my last chapter, Leonard had formed a sincere liking for young Troope* Ellis, who had by 6hMioo be* come a partner in}No. 2 olaim with Leonard Prosser, Aa the young Irishman rodo up to tha sta tion, Charlie Ellia led hia horsa oat from the 'stable by a aide gate and brightly greeted hia new friend, and if one bad called a parade of all the "mounted men" in Australia, they could not have pioked out a oleauer-limbed, a better mada, or a handsomer-faced member of the oorps than Trooper Charlie Ellia, No one ever called him "Chawlea." You oould not fanoy eraoh a thing, looking in his bright, open, boyish face. He was, Charlie with every one, and, aa I have aaid before, a favourite with every ona also. " My word, what a killing swell you are this morning, Charlie I" Baid Leonard, aa ho drew hia horae up, " whoever gets your breeohea up deaervea a testimonial." " Yea, Proaser, I flatter myself they're a good fit," said tha young ohap aa he soanned hia handsome limbs, " but aa for being a swoll, you must remembor that it is not every one who ean afford to dross aa oarelesaly as yourself." "la that intended for a rap, Charlie?" asked Leonard with a smile; " well, I believe I am rather careless, but isn't tbia tweed good enough for thia occasion, eh?" " You know I don't mean that, Proaaer; I mean that your appearance ia always that of a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must bo natty to be noticed at all," " Oh, such apparent modesty 1 I thought ou were above fishing for aomplimonta, Ellia? am certain that you know as well as every body else that there ia not a handsomer .young ohap within milea," " I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inches, and your broad shoulders, I'm euohfa little ohap, Leonard." " Do you call five feot eight little?" " Well, yea, I do-for a man. Do you know that Mies Clark ia five feet six and a half." Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's face grow rosy aa a girl's, "That was a Blip at any rate, my dear fel low, and ao it ia in comparison with Misa Clark's inohea that you aro disgusted with your own ? Now, do you know that I should muoh prefer you medium length of limb to my own ?" " Would you really?" " Yea ., and ladiea, espeoially tall ones," he added, with a aly glance at hia companion aa thoy rodo away together, " alwaya like men of medium size boat." "Hum~I hope it may prove so in thia inatanoe, for to toll you the truth aa a frierfd, Proaaer, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me." " My dear fellow, you havo my very best wishes," and the hands of the two young men were clasped, " and I think that aa she ia a young lady of tftBta there can bo no doubt as to the result of your hopes." " But look at_ my position, Leonard. How oan I ask any girl Mought up aa aha has been to become a policoman's wife? Tha very name ia onough. If tho olaim would fulfil Tady'a expectations now, there would bo some chance." Let ua hopo Tady will bo a good prophet then, Jf only for your sake, Charlie. You know I oaro very littlo for my own. I have enough for comfort, and havo ao craving for anything beyond what my income will afford ma." " Luoky follow 1" exolaiiaod Ellis, " and you havonevor fallen in lovo, yet?" " " In love ? oh fifty tlmea 1 I have been in love alwaya ever since I can remomber until within tho last fow yoara. I think I must have used up all my allowance of what ia called lovo in my school daya, and ao have none left for my years of discretion." " What ia called lovo?" Charlie repeated. " Don't you believe in the feeling, thon ?" " I can't from personal experionco at least," replied Leonard j " for tho fooling that did duty for love with mo was so inconstant that it seldom lasted longer than until circum stances brought mo in contact with a new faoe. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an inatanca if you lika in my friend Tady Connor," and tho speaker threw baok hia handsome head and laughed joyously. "Ia tho d-fool in earnest?" asked Charlie, with diaguat. "Inearneat? I should think sol Ho is thinking of Nora and nuggeta from morning until night, and from night until morning, too, for ha mutters ' mo darlin asthore machrea Nora,' in hia dreama, and fancies he is stringing nuggeta to hang round her ' bawohoful neok '-oh yea, ha ia in earnest quite I" " Ridiculous 1" cried the young trooper almost angrily, "ta man of hia age and appear, ance 1" "Bo meroiful, my dear young Adonial" returned Leonard with a smila that showed hia strong whita teeth under hia glossy mouetaohoi "must one be handsome to have a hoart ? I assure you that poor Tady has one, aud a warm and true ono in spite of hia disproportionate shape and funny limba." " I don't doubt aU that, but at hia yeara ona might expect senso enough to hide any ridiquloua exhibitions of hifi folly." _" I'm afraid Tady doea not think suffi ciently of appearances," responded Leonard with gravity and a aly glance at Charlie's . corda.'" "In ono sense ha does, quite enough, retorted tho young "bobby" with some heat; "I'm sure when ho dona that blue suit with tha braaa buttons hia aira of con soioua aelf-approoiation are sickoningl and beaidoa how oan he feel anything for a girl like that ? " "Ia Miss Nora Brady not ao lovely and loveablo aa poor Tady imagines her then? You know I havo never seen hor." " Nora Brady ia a lump of a girl without, I do bolieve, ono ounce of braino. I don't baliovo I ever saw in my life a oroaturo so unutterably stupid and animal-like as she." " She ia ao favorite thon, Charlie? " "Not of mine, and I doteat tha whole family I" Leonard looked wondetingly at hie com panion. Himself of a calm and even temper and an nnexeitablo tomperamont, to him the strong feeling exhibited by Charlie Ellia waa a matter of surpriso. " I had business at St. Herriok'a one day," tho young trooper wont on, " and had an opportunity of fleeing something of these Brady's. Mra. Brady espeoially hau one of tho worst faces I over uaw, and if there waa any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should bo inclined to look for a due to it under tho roof of St. Herriok'a." I' Talking of St. Horrick's, that waa a sad thing^ about Colonel St, Herriok'a murder. Now if I wore a policeman I think I should faol deeply interested in that orime, espeoially stationed here on tho spot," _ (To bo oontinucd.') 