AN ADVENTURE IN THULE. [By WILLIAM BLACK, the author of "The Princess of Thule," "Madcap Violet," &c.;, &c.;] Chapter V. "Archie," said Colin, in a low voice, "it is a woman. It is not any ghost. I cannot make out what she says except "peety, neety!" The young woman came nearer to them— now timidly and slowly — her hands still out- stretched, and tears running down her face, while she spoke rapidly and imploringly. This appeal, which was a mute appeal so far as he was concerned, drove any remnant of fear out of his mind; he forgot even his timid com- panion behind; he went forward to her, wondering how he could convey to this poor young lady that they wished to be very friendly to her. He shook his head to let her know he did not understand her; and then she, with a great deal more of gladness in her face—for she could not but see that the lads wished to be friendly —began to try to explain her situation by signs. And again and again she pointed to the north, though there was no boat visible. "Colin," said the younger lad, "she has been going to Iceland in one of the smacks; and the smack has got wrecked, and she has been saved." "How could that be? Her clothes have not been in the water." "Colin, say 'France' to her, and you will see if she is French." Colin repeated this word to her, which, to tell the truth, was all of the French language that either he or his companion knew; and instantly the young lady nodded eagerly, and said something which, of course, they did not understand. And now that they had begun to communi- cate with each other by signs it soon became clear that the younger lad was much sharper at that than his companion. In fact, Archie Livingston became the interpreter. "When she means 'yes,' said he, to his com- panion, "sometimes she say see and sometimes wee: But a nod of the head is still surer. And she says she will go with us to the mainland; but how am I to tell her that we have no boat and that she must wait till the evening before we can light the bonfire?" "Well, you must get on as well as you can, Archie," said the other; "and there is the whole day for you to talk to her with your head and your hands; and in the meanwhile I am going away to dig for eachans, for who knows when the lady may have had anything to eat?" "Do you think she will eat eachans?" said Archie, doubtfully. "It is better to eat eachans than to starve," said the other. "You do not need the old man of Ross to tell you that. And if she is from France people who eat frogs need not turn up their noses at eachans." In not much more than a quarter of an hour Colin McCalmont returned, carrying in both hands a sort of basket made of the fronds of the bracken, and in this green nest lay a quan- tity of eachans, like so many eggs, all washed white and clean. He put them down in front of her, and took out his pocket-knife and opened a few, as one might open oysters; and these he offered to her. What she did was singular. She took his hand and pressed it, and then smiled and shook her head. "Perhaps she is not hungry," Colin said, after a second. "Perhaps she does not like shell-fish raw," said the other. "Could you not roast some, Colin, as the mussels are roasted? Could we not make a small fire now and roast some eachans in the ashes?" "I see no difficulty about that whatever." Nor was there. He collected some tufts of withered heather, and broke up one or two pieces of wood, and put underneath the pile a piece of a copy of the Oban Times that he had brought with him for wadding; and at the edge of the paper placed a small pioye. The flint from the horse-pistol and the back of his knife did the rest, and soon they had a small fire burning—the precursor of the greater bonfire of the evening. When the eachans were roasted Colin care- fully picked out some of them from the ashes with a bit of stick; and Archie, when they were sufficiently cool to be touched, brought them along and offered them to the lady. Tears came into her eyes as he did so. He thought it very strange that any one should cry for no apparent reason; but he was glad to see that she took one or two of the roasted shellfish. "I am thinking," said the elder of the lads, "that she is only taking them to please us. If she was hungry she would be quicker. I wonder now if it is not a drink of water she would rather have than anything else! These French people are very unfortunate that they speak such a language." But Archie Livingston, taking the hint, went away along the shore kicking the sea- weed about until he found a large scallop shell, which he washed free of sand in the nearest pool. Then he went away over the grassy hillocks till he came to the spring, where he filled the shell. To carry anything like the full quantity back was clearly impos- sible; but at least there was enough to let her understand that there was fresh water on the island. And how grateful the young lady seemed! She patted the boy on the head—on the shoulder—on the hand. And she spoke to him, though she knew he could not comprehend what she said. "But did you hear that, Colin?" he said, turning to his companion. "She said a great deal about 'mercy.' She said the water was a mercy. Now, that is what they say also in English; when you have your food put before you—the meat and the drink—and when you do not ask the blessing in Gaelic, then you have to call these things on the table 'mercies.' She must be very well brought up, and not a heathen at all." "But this is what I am thinking of Archie," said the other; "that the little water you can get in a scallop shell is not of much use to any one. And if I could understand the lady as well as you can I would ask her to go with me to the spring, and there she can have as much water as she likes." When this proposal was conveyed to her she followed her guide gladly, and when they reached the spring she drank of the water freely by means of this shell. And then they went back to the fire, where Colin M'Calmont was having his breakfast, and the young lady made signs to the younger lad that he, too, was to join in that feast of roasted eachans, and that she was quite content. "Well, this is a strange thing," said the younger one; "but when we get back to the mainland we will know all about it, for my father knows French as well as Latin and a great many other things." "But what is the use of knowing French?" said the elder lad, who was a practical youth, and better acquainted with the price of sheep. "The use of it? The use of it is to make you a learned person, and then the people pay you for teaching others." "But your father does not teach any one French, Archie.'' "Well, then, the use of it is to make you not so ignorant as the other common people. When Sir Evan Roy comes to Glen Estera he will be speaking quite freely with my father; but the other ones they have to think about their English." "I think Gaelic is as good a language as any; and also that it is more easily spoken than any other." "But of what use to you is Gaelic if you go away from the Lewis? For my part I would like to know six or seven languages." "That would be a fine thing!" said the other with a laugh of scorn. "To spend all your life in learning the languages of other people; and then, when you had got them, it would be time to die. I think one language is quite enough for any one; and Gaelic is the easiest.'' When they had finished their breakfast they also went and had a drink of fresh water; and then they set to work to carry up to the highest plateau a pile of the wood that plentifully bestrewed the western shores of the island—some of it, indeed, having been hauled up above highwater mark for transportation to the mainland. The steamer had been comparatively a new one, and much of this wreckage consisted of internal fittings— cabin doors and tables, bottle ranges, benches, lockers, and what not—that had been woefully smashed. "It is very hard to burn all this good wood," said Colin McCalmont; "and much of it mahogany, too; but we must have a big blaze, and then we are saving the lady's life." "Yes, and our own lives too," said the younger lad, sitting down for a rest, for it was stiff work carrying these planks. "They will not be mourning over the wood when they find us alive. And by this time now, Colin, by this time, do you not think some one of the girls must have been sent down from the shieling for bread?" "By this time, surely." "Then they will know we were not at the shieling last night, and they will be looking everywhere for us; and they will be sure to go and look if the boat is in the creek. And when they see that the boat is not in the creek they will know how we went away; and you may be sure there will be many a sharp eye on the look-out all the day and all the even- ing." "Very well now, Archie, I will tell you what you will do. You will leave the rest of the building of the bonfire to me, for I am not easily tired; and you will go back and talk to the lady with your hands and your head as you were doing. Perhaps I will not use any more of the wood; that is the thing that is grieving me. I will build up three or four feet of the withered heather, and then I will put the wood on that. If it was only the autumn now, and we could get the withered bracken, there would be no need to use all that fine wood." "Have you a lead pencil, Colin?" "I have a small bit." Archie was at this moment rummaging among the splinters and boards they had brought up; and at last he lit upon a piece of wood, painted white, that had been part of the door of a locker. "Give me your pencil, Colin, and I will go and tell the lady what we are waiting for." "And if you cannot speak French, are you going to be writing French?" said the other, with a laugh. "I am not going to write at all, Colin, except in the way that the ancient people wrote on the pyramids and such places as that. And you will see whether the lady will understand or whether she will not understand." "Very well then, Archie; go back to the lady, and I will go on with the bonfire; and this is what I am thinking, that I will build a bonfire that will be easily made out from the land. For you know what they say—'There cannot be anything in the sky or on the earth but the Islay men's eyes can behold; nor can anything in a corner or lockfast place escape the eye of a Mullman.' But what I say is that the Lewis men have sharper eyes than either." "I think every one knows that," said Archie, "from Fraserburg all the way round to Greenock." Well, when McCalmont had finished piling up this great heap of heather and driftwood he went and rejoined his companion, and found, to his great astonishment, that the young lady —whose black eyes seemed to be full of glad- ness and kindness and gratitude—appeared to understand the whole situation of affairs. For young Livingston had drawn various things in a rude sort of way on the bit of white wood; and she seemed a clever, imaginative sort of person, for she guessed eagerly what he meant to convey. "I never saw a boat like that, Archie," said the elder lad, laughing, "for you have got the mast in the middle of her." "That is no matter at all," said the other, without confusion, "if the lady understands that the boat will come for her after the bonfire is lit." "Then you might be doing a worse thing than asking her to come and look at the bonfire, now that it is complete. I can tell you, Archie, that my arms will be sore to- morrow." The boy showed her the rough sketch of a bonfire that he had made on the board, and then pointed to the middle of the island, him- self setting out, and inviting her to accompany him. She understood at once, and smilingly assented. They led her by the driest ways (for there was some mossy ground on these plateaus) to the spot, and she seemed greatly pleased. "She can speak a little, Archie," said the elder one. "It is not much; but it is a little. She cannot say 'bonfire,' but she says 'bon, bon'—which is a part of it. Though she speaks through her nose she understands well enongh. The French are not so stupid as people say." They passed the afternoon somehow. More eachans were roasted. As the evening fell the southerly wind freshened, and the skies got darkened over. "I hope there is not going to be a gale," said the younger lad, apprehensively. "That is not any gale," said the other. "And if there was a gale now? We should be two or three days more on the island, perhaps; and what is that? Maybe I would have to shoot a sheep; for the finely brought up people they cannot live on a handful of eachans and a bit of dulse as you or I could, Archie. But that is not any gale; and the darker it grows the sooner will we light the bonfire; and the fresher the wind the sooner will the people come across in your father's boat. So there is nothing to have a downcast face about; and you must not show a downcast face; for the lady there she watches us both, and every one knows that women are easily frightened per- sons." They waited until the dusky twilight had gathered over land and sea before they lit the bonfire. At first there was only a little crackling; then a few thin red tongues of fire; then a growing blaze of crimson and orange that made the surrounding twilight look strange, intense, livid blue. And then the fire began to roar, for the breeze fanned it, and soon there was a blazing mass of flame that surely would carry a message to the distant shores of Lewis. "Archie," said the elder lad, "you will keep stirring the bonfire now, and I will go for another armful or two of wood. We must have a big blaze in case there might be a shower of rain. Yes; and if there are any French smacks going by in the night do you not think now that such a blaze as that will tell them that there is some one on Farriskier?" He went and came back with the first load of the driftwood. "The sheep are wild with fright, Archie; they never saw anything like this on Farriskeir before." He fetched another load. "There, now," said he, "that will make a blaze that will be seen from Gallon Head to Scarfa Island. And if they are already in your father's boat it is not I that would be surprised, and with a good breeze of wind like this they will not be long in coming over." "Colin,' said the younger lad, "that is what I am thinking of; when your father, or my father, or perhaps Dugald McLean from Glen Estera, comes over in the boat, and they will ask about the lady there, and who she is, and where she came from, what is it now that we will be saying?" Colin laughed, in his superior wisdom. "Then you do not remember what the old man of Ross said. This is what he said, Archie—'That which you do not know tell that to no one.' How are we to be answering any- thing about the French young lady? Let them ask for themselves. And indeed I wish they were here; for it is not a pleasant thing that you and I should be talking and talking, and the lady there not able to know what is going on, because she understands nothing but that useless language. And if your father can speak that language it is not anything to be proud of. He might have made a better use of his time." The younger lad thought over this for some time. Then he said— "Well, perhaps the French is not a very useful language while you are in the Lewis or any other part of that country. But if you wished to go to France? If you wished to go to France, Colin, you would have to learn it. There now." "If I wished to go to France!" said the other, scornfully. "And who would be so foolish as that? There is another wish that I have that has more of common-sense in it. I would like to go to Fraserburg, and see the great fleet of fishing boats. Now there would be some sense in that." (To he continued.) 