The Luck of the Darrells. Br James Patn, Author or 44 By Proxy, ?' Carlton'6 Year,' &c.;, &c.; Chapter XXV.— THE AREIYAL. . With every intention to be kind and sympathetic, there is nevertheless always a certain reserve in the manner of one who visits a friend who has lately suffered some domestic loss ; the 44 suit of woe ' affects Mm and even somewhat repels him in spite of hinnmif. It is something not in common with them, and invests its wearer with unac customed awe. The mourner, in short, who has recovered from hia blow, or at all events has become inured to his calamaity, is generally the more demonstrative and genial of the two. It was so, at all events, in the present case. Hester held out her band frankly to her companion, and thanked him for his care of ber qnite naturally, whereas he seemed to bid adien to her with some embarrassment ; and Maria ofiar hnr fitwf frmoh'no mlanao^ intn flilmfiP. AT* broke k with an effort ehe strove in vain to conceal. Nothing, however, could be more affectionate than her maimer as she sat side by side Kith her guest in the carriage that was bearing them swiftly to their destination. Her hand was locked in Hester's, which die patted ever and anon in sign of loving welcome ; but though she had had so much to eay to her a while ago, nor had been puzzled as to what rite should say firet, words now failed her. It was Hester who was the one to speak. 'It was very kind of you, dear Marie,' aha tried 'to bespeak a convoy for me in Captain Drake. And was it not singular? he' turned oat to be an oil acquaintance.' ?' Indeed!' ' Yes not that I aver knew eo much of him as his name, but, as it turned out, we had been fellow-travellers before, when I returned from France in the spring. It was most fortunate, for he has put me qaite au courant with matters at Medbury, and let me into all vonr secrets ' ?- Has be ?' returned Maria, blushing to her forehead. 44 Oh, yes, about the skeleton in yonr boose— don't be alarmed lest he should have been indiscreet— I mean the ghost. Of course it was unnecessary of him to speak of yourself, whom I already knew ; bat he seems very intimate with you all.' ' Yes. very; though we have known him for h compa ratively little while ; he is so close a neighbour, yon see. Sir Reginald, his father, and papa have had business rela tions together. He told yon, no doubt, that he used to live at the Castle.' 44 Yes; where does he live now ? I saw no house as we came along that seemed to be in your immediate neighbour hood.' 44 Sir Reginald lives in what nsed to be the steward's house, a mere cottage in the grounds. It is very sad to my mind, bat it was his own stipulation; he could not prevail upon himself completely to quit the old place.' ' Poor fellow, how I pity him ! Now if 1 had beeu in his position ? ' here the carriage suddenly stopped. An old gentleman, riding upon a stout grey pony, sud denly made his appearance at the open window. He had a white beard and moustache, and a handsome raddy face. ' So you have brought your guest. Miss Maria, he said, taking his low-crowned hat off with great pjliteness, and speaking very gently. 'I hope she will find Medbury to her liking,' he added, turning to Hester with a smile. ' Indeed, 1 cannot imagine any one finding it otherwise,' returned Hester. ' It seems to me one of the loveliest spots on the earth's surface, and I am deeply obliged to you, Sir Abraham ? ' ' it is not papa, it is 'Sir Reginald,' put in Maria quickly. 44 Yes, unhappily, it is Sir Reginald,' sighed the old man. ' There has been a time, Miss Darrell, when Sir Reginald would very gladly have welcomed you to Med bury, but that is no longer in his power. Francis has re turned safe and sound, I hope here he turned once more to Maria. ' Oh, yes, we have just parted from him,' she replied ; 'he bad' business in the town, he said, or we would have brought him home.' ' in my young days, it would have been very pressiog business that would have kept me out of such company,' said the old gentleman gallantly. . ' However, I must not myself be ' so superfluous ' as to detain you. Au revoir, ladies.' , ' Dear me, what a shocking mistake I have made,' said Hester; 44 why did you not introduce ns?' 44 There was no time for it, my dear,' said Maria, smil ing; ' but, indeed, you need not distress yourself. I be lieve it gave the dear old gentleman genuine pleasure to be taken for that which he so long has been, and which he so thoroughly looks, the master of Medbury. For my part I always feel like an interloper in Sir Reginald's dominions.' ' That is because you* are a newcomer,' remarked Hester ; 44 it will not always be so.' 'Perhaps not,' returned Maria, with an earnestness alto gether disproportionate to her words. Then, with a troubled sigh, she added to herself, 44 I hope not.' Silence reigned as they passed through the great gates already set wide for their reception, and up the grand old avenue. Maria seemed deep in thought, and Hester was fnllv occupied in admiring the ancient trees on either side, which had seen so many seasons come and go : Old summers when the monk was fat, And issuing Bhorn and sleek, Would twist bis girdle tight, and pat The girls upon tbe cheek. It was some time before they reached the quaint old bridge, which now spanned the moat in place of tbe drawbridge, some parts of the machinery of which, half-hidden by ivy, were still visible. They then entered a huge courtyard, where a wizened old man in gray was engaged with a spud in eliminating weeds from the gravel. 41 That is so like papa, not even io look up as we go by,' observed Maria with a half laugh ; ' he thinks that we are merely callers, and he hates callers. Did you ever see such a costume, my dear Hester ? One might almost mistake him for the gardener ! As a matter of fact, Hester had not almost, but quite, mistaken him for the gardener, and not tbe bead gardener either. Under no circumstances — unless, perhaps, he had been attired m complete armour— wonld Sir Abraham Barton have been easily taken for a knight, but in the suit a knight, but in the suit of dittos in whicli it was hiB humour to work in his own grounds, such recognition was an impos sibility. It was fortunately unnecessary for Hester to combat, at tbe expenee of truth, the view Maria bad thus expressed of her father's appearance, for the next moment the carriage stopped under the ample porch. { A footman ran down the steps to open the door, while a butler of gre it dignity waited on the summit, with a look of benevolent patronage that would not have misbecome a. bishop. Tbe contrast between tbe splendour of these retinues and tbe modest mien and appearance of their young mistress struck Hester very forcibly. 5ir Abraham himself was not less in accord with theiii. though tbe disparity was of another kind. In his case there was doubtless a contempt for display ; in his daughter there waB au utter indifference to it, end yet not the indifference born of custom ; she seemed, as it were, to endure it with a silent protest. There was oae member of -the family, however, as it struck their guest the nest moment, who could thoroughly appreciate all tbe surround ings and appliances of grandeur, or at all events to whom tboy seemed admirably appropriate. On the threshold of the entrance hall which, as is often the case with Elizabethan honses, was furnished and used as a sitting-room, etood Lady Barton, a tall and very hand some woman of queenly aspect. In complexion she was dark as her daughter, but there all likeness between them ended. Her eyeft were large and lustrous, but bad little softness ; her hair was still plentiful, but only -just tinged with gray ; her voice was gentle, but to the observant ear too t-tudiously so— it suggested an instrument of compass and which possessed higher notes. 44 Welcome to Medbury, Niece Hester,' were her first words to her young guest, a gracious speech enough though destitute of warmth. She held out one hand a6 she uttered it, but offered no closer embrace to her sister's child. Hester murmured her thanks rather than spoke them : this reception had chilled her, and moreover she was em barrassed by the fixed regard of ber Hostess, who, holding her at arm's length, seemed to scan her every feature with particularity. Then presently she muttered' to herself 44 the very' image,' and quietly dropping the girl's hand moved without a word of apology to the fireplace, where she stood gazing at the smouldering logs (for, though autumn, it was warm, and the fire was low) with her back towards her visitor and apparently unconscious of her presence. 44 Let me show you to your room, my dear Hester,' whispered Maria hastily; 44 you will be glad to change your dress after yonr long journey, and it is less than an hour to dinner rime.'1 The oak staircase which ran' double- winged from the hall, of breadth so great that the proverbial coach and four could with ease have been driven np it, was also of great height, yet when they reached its summit Hester, looking down, beheld the mistress of the house still gazing thought fully into the wood fire, as though its ashes held the embers of her youth. 44 You must not be troubled at mamma's manner, Hester,' said Maria, following the direction of her cousin's eyes ; 44 she means nothing bat kindness to you, I am sure, but sheis often more or less distrait, and I fancy that the sight of you has awakened some long-sleeping memory, some likeness in you perhaps to your poor mother.' Hester moved her head as if in assent; it was pot worth while to discuss the matter, and moreover the topic wonld have been an embarrassing one ; bat as a matter of fad: Hester had inherited her features from her father, and not from her mother. The apartments allotted to Hester were charming ones — a bedroom overlooking the park, and a little sitting-room adjacent which commanded a reach of the river, with a glimpse, through the (roes, of old- fashioned Shingleton and thecee. The furniture was plentiful, but very old- fashioned, and included some specimens of tapestry. In one of them a young person with very dishevelled hair and a melancholy expression of countenance was playing upon jBome stringed instrument, amid the thins of a palatial, building, to an audience of domestic animals. 44 Orpheus, I conclude,' said Hester, indicating this work of art with her finger. *' Not at all,' retained Maria laughing ; 44 that is sup posed to be the family ghost; she discourses melancholy music about the house whenever it is about to change pro prietors. These fragments represent metaphorically the ruins of Medbury.' 44 But the animals ? They surely do not prefigure its having gone to the dogs ?' inquired Hester roguishly. 44 Hash ! You must not talk like that; it is really quite a sacred subject with some people. It is said that Sir Reginald was greatly encouraged from the eircum-tanee that when he sold the place the ghost made no sign, if it had gone for ever from him he felt certain that she would have raised the coronach of his race, and from her silence he gathered hope that the place will again revert to him.' 44 The poor old gentleman most he eisily comforted,' said Hester; 44 1 am not very credulous about such matters myself, but still I hope the ghost will n t put my strength of mind to the test by haunting me. I am quite content with its counterfeit presentment.' 44 You need not be at all afraid, my dear,' said Maria cheerfully, 44 it never appears to anybody, and only makes its presence known by its dirge to the rightful heir of Med bury. It is said that Sir Reginald, who was travelling in the East when his father died, received notice by this means of the event many days before he heard it through the nsual channels.' The sound of the dressing gong cut short farther details ? respecting this family spectre, in which Hester did not, I am afraid, feel all the interest proper to the situation. I have noticed that Art and Ghosts hive no great infiaenca over those whose worldly outlook is depressing or uncertain, and Hester was more concerned with the flesh and blood snrroundings, upon whose character her future might more or less depend, than with any spiritual mani festations. Maria calied for ber on her way down to show her the way to the drawing-room, where the master of the house was standing in Britannic fashion with his back to the fire. In evening costume, he no longer of course re sembled a gardener, yet no one- would have taken him f_r what be was. Her Majesty had made Sir Abraham Barton a knight, the poor Colonel had been wont to say, but if she had male him a gentleman such a miracle wonld have proved the divine right of kings. He certainly did not look like a gentleman. He wse a little old man, very thin and wiry, with a scant crop of iron-gray' hair, a lined and wizened face, and an expression keen and harsh as that of a ferret. He dropped one coat tail as Hester came up, and held out two thin fingers like a pickle fork. He said nothing, and HeBter timidly murmured, 44 How are you. Sir Abraham ?' 44 How are you, miss ?' he answered simply, and then reDewedhis former position. It was not a gracious welcome, but then, owtne o'ner hand, it was not a grudging one ; his manner had no per sonal antagonism in it, bat was merely the ontward and visible sign of the absence of grace of any kind. Maria, thinking, perhaps, that a worse impression might have been produced -on her friend than -was the case, lookrd supremely miserable for a moment or two, . till Hester, to relieve her embarrassment, fell to praising tbe view from the windows, tbe shatters of which were still nncloeed. Then, gathering courage and feeling that she ought to address her host, if only to give him an opportunity 'to say Bomfethiog, she expressed her admiration of the room itself, which indeed was magnificent. 44 It's a fine enough room, miss,' was the encouraging reply, M and so it ought to be, considering what it cost me.' His wrinkled brow became more corrugated as be spoke, as though the items of the amount were still before him, and be threw up his eyes with a gesture of discontent. On the carved and gilded ceiling all the gods of Olympus were depicted over their nectar and ambrosia, which fortunately diverted his mind from his own lavish expenditure to the fact that it was past dinner time. He pulled out his great gold watch, and exclaimed impatiently, 44 Why don't the fellow beat that gong Y' 44 Sir Reginald and his son have not arrived, papa,' said Maria gently. 44 Then we'll sit down without 'em,'' answered the knight impatiently. 14 They should know our hour bv this time, for they have dined often enough with us; indeed I don't know why they should keep a cook at all. Bmg the bell, Maria.' Before this behest could be obeyed, Lady Barton entered the room with a Juno- like demeanour; she had also the eyes of Argns, and while appearing to patronise universal natnre took in the particulars of a situation at a glance. 44 Our guests are juBt arrived,' she said ; they are gene rally like clockwork.' 44 Their mainspring broke for once then,'' muttered Sir Abraham ; but her ladyship took no notice of the remark. She never wasted her strength, as women are so apt to, jn any 44 affair of outposts,' but reserved it for the pitched battles. For these, however, occasion now seldom offered ; victory had sat too often on her banners to encourage her husband to revolt. In her presence he only exhibited his independence to others. 44 You did not tell me Sir Reginald and his son were coming,' said Hester to her friend reproachfully. The tone in which she spoke was almost a whisper, yet Lady Barton heard it. 44 Do not think we have any party,' she observed gently ; 44 we do not consider tbe Drakes company ; they live in our own grounds, and we are naturally very intimate.' At this moment the guests were announced. Sir Abraham dropped both his coat tails and ambled towards the door, his lips nervously moving as if he were endeavouring to form a sentence, his ferret eyes blinking as though he had only just been let out of his bag. These were storm signals, fore runners of a rudeness, but it was foreseen and averted. 44 Sir Reginald, you have nearly lost your character with my husband for punctuality,' said Lady Barton smiling. 44 And deservedly so,' replied the baronet penitently ; 44 we are nearly 10 minutes late. Sir Abraham must forgive us, however, since the delay arose from our interest in tbe affairs of his constituency. We waited io Shingleton longer than we should have done to see the old Javelin come in with her last cargo of holiday-makers for the season. It is high time that she ehonld cease running, for she is getting very old and cranky, in the spring I hope the town will have anew steamer.' 44 Then I hope the town will bay it,*' observed Sir Abraham, 44and not come to me for a subscription, who never go on the sea by any chance.' 44 One can't write oneself M.P. for Shingleton without also signing a cheque or two, my dear sir,' said Sir Regi nald drily. 44 Your position, Sir Abraham,' observed the Captain, 44 is like that of the Pirst Lord of the Admiralty in the burlesque: though you may not appreciate life on the ocean wave yourself, you are the ruler of the Shingleton Navee, and it cannot hie increased without yonr fiat.' 44 If they depend on me, they must be content with what they have,' said the knight with irritation ; 44 it's all very well for you two gentlemen to suggest a new steamer who have notgot to pay for it.' 44 1 am afraid yon are getting a little deaf, Sir Abraham,'' interposed her ladyship with great distinctness. ' Dinner has heen announced; perhaps you will give your arm to Hester.' 