A Dead Man's Face. A GHOST STORY.. Br THE AUTHOR OF "CALLED BACK." Imaginative beings who invent marvellous tales may take what license they please, but a simple narrator is nothing if not accurate; so, before beginning this, I looked up old corres pondence and various memoranda made at the time when the following things occurred. The first paper upon which I put my hand was a letter. I may as well open with a copy of it: "Dear old Boy,-I have met her at last my fate-the one woman in the world for nec. Nothing is settled as yet; but I should not write this unless hope were a certainty. You must wish me joy, althoughl she is a widow and an American--tw6 qualifications which Iknow you will find fault with. No miatter; when you see her you will recant and be envious. Yours evr,~ "Claud MIorton." The niter was my brother-I was going to say my only brother, but I had another once, although the less said about lhim the better. Nearly every family ihas its black sheep. Ourshad beena peculiarly sable one. WVhen he died, some years ago, I passed the sponge over his long list of delinquencies, and tried to think of him as kindly as possible. He died a disgraced man, far away from home. I call this black sheep, Stephen, my brother, not Claud's, the fact being that Claud can scarcely be said to have known him. I stood in age midway between tile two. Claud was sixteen years younger than Stephen, so that when the latter was shipped ofi as irreclaim able, the formnner was a little golden-haired fel low of seven. The above letter made nme feel both glad and sorry. I was glad that the boy-he was still the boy to iie, althoughl his age was seven and-twenty--was going to be married; but I was sorry that his choice had not fallen on o0e1 of his own countrywo-nen, and one who could have given him her first love. Still, all this was his own peculiar business. No doubt he had nmade a suitable choice, and the only thing left for me to do was to write himn a cheerful letter of congratulation, and hope that his love affairs would soon be happily settled. A week wont by; then came a long letter from him. He had proposed in orthodox form, and had been duly accepted. His letter lies before me at this moment, and I feel sad as I read again the two pages covered with the lover's usual raptures. I am not a mnercenary man, but I owe I feel somewihlat disappointed on learning that she was poor. Somehow one associates wealth with an American widow who is sojourning min England. But, so far as I could gather from Claud's lettter, iMrs. Despard, or Judith, as he caloled lier, was not well off. He spoke of her as beicg all alone ini London, which fact, he added, would necessarily hasten his marriage. It would take place, he hoped, in a week or two. In conclusion lie pressed me to run up to town in order to make the acquaintance of miy future sister-in-law. I was very busy at the time-I may say, in passing, that my business is to cure people's aihnients, not to tell stories-nevertheless I maniaged to pay a flying visit to townl, and was duly presented to Claud's betrothed. Yes, she was handsome-strikingly hand somne. Her whole appearance was much out of the conmioni She was tall, superbly built on a large scale, perhaps, yet graceful as a panthdr in every movement. Her face gave evidonce of much character, power, and deter minlation, and of passion also, Idecided. Her rich darki beauty was at that time in full bloom, and although I saw at a glance that she was somle years older than my brother, I was iiot at all inclined to blame Claud for his rap tsurous expressions. So far as personal clrms went, I could find no fault with Judith Des pard. For the rest, it was easy to see that she was passionately in love rithl Claud, and for the sake of this I gladly overlooked all my fanciful objections to his choice, and congratu lited him heartily oni having won so beautiful a creature. Yet, strange to say, in the midst of his new ound hliplpiness my brother seemed anythinig but his usual cheerful self. He, the merriest aidd most talkative of men, seemed taciturn, moody, and plreoccupied. The curious thinig was that his changed inanner struck me parti cularly whilst we were in Mirs. Despard's com pany. He spoke aid behaved in the most af fectionate and lover-like way, but there was in his general bearing something which puzzled me altogether. It seemed to me that he mnight perhaps be nervous as to what impression his fair friend might make upon his elder brother, whom he so reverenced and respected. This theory of inine was strengthiened by tihe fact that when,at night, we found our selves alone, and I was able to freely express my admiration of Mrs. Despard's good looks, he brightened up considerably, and we sat un til a very late hour, and talking over the past, the present, and the future. "When do you mean to be married " I asked. - "In a fortnight or three weeks. There is iotling to wait for. Judith is living alone in lodgings. She has no friends to consult; so we shll just walk to church some morning sisd get it over." " TWell, let me walk with you. I shouldlike to see the last of you." •"All right, old fellow. But you'll be the only one--unless MIary likes to lhonor us." Mary was miy wife; but as her thnime was just t•hon fully occupied by a very youag baby, I did not thiik it at all likely she would he able to make the long journey to town. "I shall select the earliest day I can," added Claud. "The fact is, I have been feeling rather queer lately. I want a change." Thereupon I questioned him as to what ailed him. So far as I could ascertain, all that was the matter was his having worked too hard, and being a little below par. I pre scribed a tonic, anid quite agreed with leim as to the beiefit which he would derive from clhange of air. When I reaclhed home my wife scolded me for my stupidity. It seems that it was my duty to have found out all about Irs. Des ptard's antecedents, relations, connections, cir cuastances, habits, and disposition, whereas all I could say was that she was a beautiful widow wvith a small imicomne, and that she and Claud were devoted to onie arliother. '<"Yes," said Mrs. MIorton, scornfully, "like alt other men, the moment you see a pretty ace youinquire no further. I quite tremble for lanud." -. • When I reflected how little I really knew about MsIrs. Despard, I felt abashed andguilty. However, Claud was a full-grown man, and no fraternal counsel W~as likely to turn hin aside from his desire. In thle course of a few'days hlie wrote me that hie was to be married on the 5thll of the next moneth. I iade' arrangements which would ciable me to go to the wedding; but three days before the date nanied I heard again fron liim. The wedding was postponed for a fortnight. He gave no reason for the delay; but hlie said he was anxious to see me, and to morrow he should rai down to my home. , He came as promised. I was aghast when I sae\e him: - He looked worn, haggard, aretched. My first thought was that busmess matters had gone wrong with him. His looks might well be those of aman on the brink of rumi. After the first greeting I at once took him to my study in order to be put out of sus p?ense: Just as I. was about to begin my anxious questions hlie turned to me. S"Frank old fellow," hie said, imploringly, and with a faint httempt at a smile, "don't 1 aali at inc." s Laugh ! That was- the last thing I was ikely to do. I pressed his hand in silenice. Yoi wion't believe me, Iknow," he.con tinued. "Ican't believe it myself. Frank, I am haunted." "Haunted !" I was bound to smile, not from any disposition toward merriment, but iii order to sliow the poor boy the absurdity of his idea. S"Yes, haunted. The word sounds ridicu lous, but I can use noother. Haunted." W " hat hamits you" - ) He came close to me and grasped my asn. His voice sank to a hoarse whisper. "A horrible, ghastly, gruensome thing. It is killing me. It comes between me and my happiness. I have fought and struggled against this phaentom terror. I have reasoned calmly wth myself. I hlave laughed my own folly to scorn. In vain-in vain. It goes, but it comes again." "Overworki;" I said, "insomnia, too miany cigar, late houtir; and had you been a dr nk lng man I should add, too much stimulant, to little food, anxiety, perhaps. Have you anything on your mind-any special worry' 'Of course I have," he said, ,ettishly. "' Did I not tell you it is killing me? ' " What is killing you ?" He rose and paced the room excitedly; then suddenly he stopped short, and once more clutched my arn. "A face," he said, wildly-"a man's face; a fearful white face that comes to me; a hor rible mask, with features drawn as in agony ghastly, pale, hideous ! Deathl or appllroaching death, violent death, written in every line. Every feature distorted. Eyes starting from the head. Every cord in the throat standing out, strained as by mortal struggle. Long dark hair lying flat and wet. Tlin lips mov ing and working-lips that are cursing, al though I can hear no sound. ~VWhy should this come to me-why to me? Who is this dead man whose face wrecks my life! Frank, my brother, if this is disease or madness, cure me; if not, let me die." His words, his gestures, sent a cold thrill through me. He was worse, far worse, than I had feared. "Claud," I said, "you are talking nonsense. Cure you ! of course I mean to cure you. Now sit down, collect yourself, and tell me how this hallucination comes." "Comes! How does it come? It gathers in corners of the room; it forms and takes shape; it glares at me out of the wall; itlooks up at me from the floor. .Ever the same fearful white dying face, threatening, cursing, some tiines mocking. Why does it come ?" I had already told the poor fellow why it came, but it was no use repeating my words. "Tell me whlen you see it," I asked; "at night-in darkness ?" He hesitated, and seemed troubled. "No, neveratnight. In broad daylight only. That to me is the crosning terror, thie ghastliness of it. At night I couldcall it a dream. Frank, believe me. I am no weak fool. For weeks I have borne ?ith this. At last it has conquered me. Send it away, or I shall go mad." "I'll send it away, old boy, never fear. Tell me, can you see it now ?" "No; thank God, not now." "Have you seen it to-day?" " No; to-day I have been free from it." " Well, you'll be free from it to-morrow, and the next day, and the next. It will be gone for ever before you leave me. Now come and see lMary and the babies. I haven't even asked you how BIrs. Despard is." A curious look crossed hIis face. "I think she grows more beautiful every dab" he said. Then he seized my hand. "Oh, Erank," he exclaimed, "rid me of this horror, and I shall be the happiest man in the world." "All right," I answered, perhaps with more confidence than I felt. Although I made light of it to nmy patient, his state greatly alarmed me. I hIastened to put Ilim under the strictest and tmost approved treatment. I enforced the most rigid sump tuary laws, made him live on iplain food, and docked his consumption of tobacco unmerci fully. In a few days I was delighted to find that my diagonosis of the case was cor rect. Claud was rapidly recovering tone. In a week's time he seemed quite restored to healtls. Tie days went by. As yet Claud had said nothing about leaving me ; yet, utless the date was once nore adjourned, he was to be married on thle 19th. I did not counsel him to post pIone the happy day. He was by now so well thlat I thought he could not do better thanl ad here to his arranglemnent. A month's holiday,' spenit hi the society of the womani he loedid, would, I felt certain, complete his cute, and banish for ever that grizly intruder begotten of disorganised nierves. From the monotonous regularity and volu minous nature of their correspondenco it was evident, delay and separation notwithstariding, that matters were going on quite smoothly between Claud and Judith Despard. Every day he received and wrote a long letter. Nevertheless, it was not until the 16th of tihe month that I kntew exactly what he meant to do about his marriage. "Frank," he said, "you lhave beeoi wonider fully kind to me. ' I believe you have saved my life, or at least miy reason. Will you do something more for me ?" "Even unto half my kingdom," I- an swered. "Look here: I am aslhamed of the feeling, but I absolutely dread returning to tows. At any rate, Iwish to stay there no longer than is needful. Tlhursday mornilg I must, of course, be thlere. to be married. You thhisk me cured, Frankl ?" hoadded abruptly.- "Honestly, yes. If you take care of your self you will be troubled no more." "Yetwhydo I dread London so!? Vell, never mind. I will go up by the night mail on Wednesday-then I need ontly be there for a few lhours WVill you do this for me-go up on Wednesday mornlsg, see Judith, and explain how it is that I shal not see her until we meet 'in the church 2" "Certainly, if you wish it. But you had better wvrite as well." "Yes, I shall do that. There are seveeil other little things you must see for me. Tihe license I have, but you inustlet the clergymans know. You had better go and see my partners. They may think it strange if I marry and go away without a word." I Thinking it better that he should have his own way, I promised to do as he wishled. Upon my arrival in town on Wednesday after nioon I went straight to ilrs. Despard's. I wih not sorry to have this opportunity of seeing her alone. I"wished to urge upon her tlhe hiecessity of beisig careful that Claud did niot 'again get into that highly wrought nervous :state, fromn which my treatment had so happily -extricated him. She Was 'not looking so well as when last I saw her. At times her manner was restless, aid she seemed striviig to suppress agitation. She made no adverse comments on her lover's strange whim of reaching town to-morrow oily in time for the ceremony. Her inquiries asto his health, were most solicitous, and when I told her that I no longer feared anythinig on his account, her hIeart-felt sigh of relief told me how deeply she loved him. Presently she looked me full in the face. Her eyes were half closed, but I could see an anxious, eager look in them. "He saw a face," she said. ' Has it left him ?" "He told you of his queer halluchiation, the, ?" "No; but once or twice when sitting with me he sprang to his feet and' muttered : ' Oh, that face ! that ghastly, horrible face ! I can beat it no longer!' Then he rushed wildly frotii the room. What face did he see, Dr. Morton?" To set her mind at rest, I gave her a little scientific. discourse, which explained to her how such mental phenomena were brought about. She listented attentively, and seemed satisfied. Tiet I bade her adieu until to qmorrow. Thioe marriage was to be of the quiet kind. I found that Mlrs. Despard had made no ar rangenment for any friend to accomiitny her; so, setting all rules of etiquette at defiance, I suggested that, although the bridegroom's brother, I should call for hier in the moringi aid condusct hlier to the churclh. To this she readily consented. Somehow that evening I did inot carry away such a lleasing imlression of my brother bride as I did whent first I met lher. I can give no reason for this, exceplt that I was snot forgetful of my rwife's accusation, that when first I miet Judith Despard I had beent carried away by the glamorosf her beauty, and thought of niothing else. As I walked to Claud's rooilns, which I occupied fr the night, I al mnst regretted that lie had been so astty-cer tainly I wishled that we knew moire of hise bride. But it was niow too late for regrets or wvishes. I called for uMrs. Despard at thie appointed hour, and found her quite ready to start. Her dress was plain and seimplc-I cannot describe it; but Isaw that in despite of her excessive pallor she looked very beautiful. In tlhe car riage on our way to the church shie was very silent, answering Imy remnarks with monossylla bles. I left hler in peace, supposing that at such a mioment every womani must be more or less agitated. 'Vhen the carriage drew up at the church dooeer, the bride laid her hand upon my arm. I could feel that she was trembling. "Claud will be here ?" she asked. " Notlming will stop bin! ?" "Nothinog. But I may as well step out and see that hie is waiting." Yes, Claud was in the church waiting for us. We exchanged greetings. The old sexton sunm moned the curate; and Judith Despard, my brother, and myself walked up to the alta~r rails. Claud looked very well that morning; a little fagged, perhaps .but the longnight jour ney would account for that. He eetainly looked proud and happy as he stood on'the altar step side by side with the woman who in a few minutes would be his wife. But before the curate had finished reading he opening addesa great change camne over him. From where I was standing I could only see his side face, but that was enough to show me that hIe was sufferinc from some agitation -something far above te nervousnesOs so often displayed by a bridegroom. A deadly pallor cmme over his face, small beads of perspiration sprang to his brow, and I noticed that those toll-tales of mental disturbances, the hands, were so tightly clinched that thie knuckles grew white. It waos evident that he was suffering anguish of some kind, and for a moment I tlhought of stopping the service. But thle rite is but a short one, and from whatever cause Claud's agitation might proceed, it was per haps better to tnlst to himn to curb it for a few mnoments than to mnake a scene. Nevertheless I watched him intently and anxiously. Then came tihe charge to declare any impedi ment. As the curate made the conventional pause, Claud, to my surprise, glanced round in a startled way, as if fearing that his marriage wouljst the last moment be forbidden. The look his face was now one of actual terror. (To be concluded in our next.) 