TURF GOSSIP.. Br Aoatm. ' This afternpon lovers oi racing will assemble at Caul field to witness the sport provided by the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, j and m the programme is a well-arranged one, all that is required to insure ah interest ing afternoon's sport is fine weather. The Caulfield svyard has b^engreatly improved bj the late rains, and those 'who visit the trysting- groun^ of .the V.A.T.C. this after noon wiu find it in its best order. Mr. Bond has completed the alteration to the steeple chase course, but, as (he ground will take some time to settle down, it has been deemed advisable to shut up the newly-made portion of the course.' For 'my part, I think it is a wuchprefctier sight to see the horses jump ing the brush fences in the straight, and £bey will be used this afternoon. Racing will commence-with -tke -Selling Race, which has nothing of much; consequence engaged, and Warina or Orlando may be found to be the best of a moderate lot For the Hurdle B&tie;, Vanguard was placed at the head of die .list, and ifi he. be a starter hfe may move that he has lost none ot his old pace; Royal Maid, who was regarded as the cominghutdle racfer, performed rvery indifferently last week up-ootoitry, but it was not her tape iorm. . 1 shall, .however, look further down the list for the winner, and .perhaps Hinerva or Sink ing Fund will be found more- worthy pf support The Glen Huntly Handicap has a number of useful horses engaged, but nothing first-class, the .handicapped evi dently considering Grace Darling and Middlemarch the best of the bunch, and their recent performances doubtless entitle them to a leading position in such company. Hill top and Camerine have been wirjy, well treated, and so has St Lawrence, who has improved considerably of late, and as Coffey now has him in lirst- class form, he may. continue in a winning vein. The Ghost has 8st 41b., but I doubt if he can give an ounce to Velocipede, who Has dearly demonstrated that he is a horse of more thanaverage ability, and as weight cannot be mpch of an object to the Queenalaoder, he would stanijl a show of success if this were his journey ; jet his owner may prefer to reserve him for eome richer stake. Duration has Sat 31b., and so has Duenna. At fast eight thiswouid ap pear a heavy weight for these, but if the handi cap be analysed it will he found that, neither ia harshly used. The colt has wo# a couple of races since he came into. Mr. Neil's possession, And I shall not be at all surprised if he places another to his credit this afternoon. The horse that is fairly pitchforked into the race is Cunnamuila, who, because he baa been beaten two or > three amps; hps.been handicapped at 8st, | while hones to whom Jbje in good form could give 211b, have beep called uppn to concede j weight to him; yet, in other handicaps, we finda horse Mas Claptrap, who, daring his whple oareeir, has won but a single we tor Mb Whittinghcpn, kept np as if ne were in hia best. form. Lord .Wilton is well in at 7at 81b.. a^d op is Hobait at 7sfc Sib. Unseat is^one ot the best-looking hpraes in training, but I have yet ;to see him develops pace. When iq Mr. De Meatrp'a stable I never saw him show much speed, but possibly he uuy have improved. However, laavea fancy forSurpris&Duration;,andliieGhoetto fill the places. Denmark received quite hiishare of weight when Mr. Barnard allotted him list 51U, wdliwaiipt at aU nurprisedto hear that dwecfly Wi oimersaw the handicap he; ordered Crippaito scratch him, __ Nor is Blackthorn weUmpdicappedat l&t; llih., al beit the low^r order of steeplechasers have Bhown^ucb moderate formthatMi. Barnard i? oompejled tpcrqsh the good opes bo that the duuere nwhave a ehanoe.^Of the^tgp Kingston i may be tqe first to patch .the jiidae'e «ye upon thisp<>qaai0n. ..The Ajmadalfl Handicap will attract a pretty strong field, and over the dis tance 1 fancypMeiuvder, pyrette, and Salvo The members of the South Australian Jockey Club have every reason to be satisfied with- the entries and* acceptances received lor their meeting to be held on the Flemington couiae op/the/2qd, 7th, wjd. 9th Mar* The NewSoath Wales men hove lentbutlittleorno assistance, bht the Victorians have come out in strong force, and: fine weather only is re quired to make the meeting a success. The handicaps haVfc filled well, M loss than 47 having been nominated for the.Flying, 36 for the Victoria, and 39 for the S.iLJ.C. Handi cap. In the Goodwood Handicap 28 still re main, and in the Adelaide Cnp the contents number 82, and ae a large majority of these will come to the post these two racfes wul prove a fitting wind*up-tothe principal meet ings of the Victorian season. Consideringltin advisable to petsarrere with Commotion,!} ib owner struck, him oot of the Adelaide Cup. and WelconSe Jack is left at the head of affairs in bothraees. 11 doubt, however, if we shall bee him at his best, because, after the V. R.C. meeting, he suffered from lame ness, and for some time dia very little work. In the "Goodwood Handicap1 Reginald is second on the list with 9et. lib. to his name, an impost which he is complete master, of over a'mile. Biink Bonny is so brilliant a mare that sbe cannot. be regarded as out of the bant, even thdugh shft 6aiS 9st Sardius always receives bis tall share of weighty and Mr; Barnatd has evidentltnot forgotten that he rah second to Martini-Henry in the.V. B.C. DeHjy. . Kmgwood is not bad!/ used at 8si I21bi, but I do nbt know how hp "will shape overdo shbrt acoui*e. Middlemarch, how ever, is a smart customer mp t» a mile, find wefce itnotforhis musical infirmity, perhaps he would be able to ret further. St. Lawrence is fairly well treated at8fit2lb.:, andsohi Alphabet afrfe&.but Anchorite has not yet distinguished himself hbre, albeit I expect (6 ae6 him some d£y darrt hiaow der's colours to'ther front Hazard has yet to win fame on the fiat, and though be is a apod performer over hurdles I do not see why ne should be called upon to giveweight to so many pinners. The Ghost hae 7st- lljb., with jvpicb he Bbould be able to run a very fast mile, and though Kingship has apouod more than in the Cup the dis tance mould suit bim better.. St. John and Tookz are both veil in, the latter especially, ana l shall uot .be at all sorry to ,feee a de Serving trainer' like. Tothill gain a victory. Duennft, too, fchould hajre, & snow at 7at. 71b., and rio uhoiild Lord Exeter &t; 7st 61b., al though the latter did fhot ^airi a winning bnu&et; at the late' A.J/C. meeting. Lord Wilton, too, is leniently treated, and Um berto, Pailleroo,* Britisher, Ruby, Ironmaster, Country, Boy, .Marie Louise, ahd Lantern are so nicely let in that they, too 'should have' a chance, and Uncas and Berkley- also are' let off lightly Enough. 1 sbail.however,' look to' Topaz, Duenna, Lord 'Exeter, Ironmaster;' Marie Louise, fend Lantern to fill the placfev and next -jweek I shall reduce thiB bomber to A, couple., For .the .Cop Laniem, Lofft Wil ton, Hobatfcj-.Ooriolanus, Madcap,: and Con jecture seem to bfe-the best, half dozen/ though it will be advisable to see tbein do their final gallops ere giving* decided opinion respect ingthe probable winner. . Visitors to Launoeston races will remember. 5b. W. T. Bell, who in former years waa one of the most indefatigable stewards of the Taamaniari Turf .Club. Faifing health com pelled him'to take things more quietly during the past year or two, and I regret to say thpt be died a few day* ago. Mr. Sell was' a vety old colonist, ahd for many years took a deep interest in the sporting affairs of Tas m&niA.; . Mr. W. Neil has named bis filly byMorhing Star from Lady Elizabeth " Skylighttwo yeat-old 'fitly by St" Albans from Tincture, " Malmsburyand chfcannt colt by-St Albana from Faultless, " Yarragon." In «rd«r that the haiidicapper may have ail opportunity of witnessing the racing at Caul field before dednring the S.A.J.C. handicapB, it has been decided to defer the publication of the weights for the minor races until Mon day, . \- The racing dabs of Qaeenibmd appear to be at loggerheads. . Some time ago the Queensland Toxf Glab adopted rales very similar to those previously passed by the Victoria. Raring .Cuib. . l%ey aid. not meet with the views of some of the conntary racing -dobs, -and beaded by the liock hampton Jockey Club, of which Mr. R. Dawbarn is secretary, they have not only refused to register, but nave issued the follo wing notice ;-r-" Hoiseowners and others interested are hereby notified that owing to the action, of the Q.T.C. in. attempting to force a code of lules upop the whole of the racing dubs and xace meetings of Queens land, aiwl refusing to suspend spme for a period ot-aix months, to allow of a deliberate consideration of .the same by the committees of other dubs and race meetings, all horses running at Eagle Farm or elsewhere under the new Q.T.G. roles will be disqualified from running at any of the "forthcoming meetings. By authority from-Charters Towefs Jockey Club, Townsvillfi Jockey . Clab, Mackay Jockey Club, Rbckhampton Jockey Club, Warwick Turf . Clab, Norman ton Jockey Club. - Robert ' R. Dawbarn." This is a high-handed course to puisne, and if the leading racing club of Queensland sub mits to it, the racing in the north will soon be in a bad wajr.fc[Fancy a number of county dubs threatening the V.R.C. in such a manner. What a bad time they would have. Mr. Dawbarn, who has been made the mouth piece of the malcontents, says in his circular: -" The combination against die Q.T.C. has not raised the question as to the suitableness or otherwise of the new rules. They simply claim the right to have a say in the adoption of rules under which they aire to race, and have preferred to the Q.T.C. a request that the operation of the new rules be suspended for six months to allow of a deliberate con sidertition. being given them by ^11 parties concerned. This very'; reasonable request has been twice peremptorily refused by the Q.T.C., leaving no other course open to the combined -dabs -but to declare disqualifica tion asainBt hospes running under such new rales. Whoever was instrainentai iri in ducing the country dubs to adopt this course could not hate had the true interests of the Queensland tarf at heart. To have allowed country ? dubs to aend representatives to assist m the establishment oi a code of rules would, in all probability, have resulted in an amount of tinkering; wbriai might have made the new rules impracticable. It is to be hoped that the Queensland Turf Club will fe ast the country dubs which have bSen bo ill ad vised. Betting on the next Melbourne Cap has already commenced.: In Sydney the' New Zealand hone Welcome Jack was supported to win a fair amount of moneyat 100 to 3, iand in New Zealand this -horse has been backed to vin eeveral thcmsands. The Hoti. W. Robinson, of New Zealand, will in all probability send a string of horses to Australia to represent the sontfiern colony at the next spring,meeting of. the^V. JLCL ' At the lateA-tr.C. meeting K MJGmde had ithe bad luck to be Second no less than seven ttnies ? '? :? -v - - ' . Sir-William Clarke has named his jfc.«rling colt by "Maribyrnong from Fair Dudhess Dark Duke yearling colt by Borueaux from'Proposal "Washington ;" and filly by iBorde&ux; from Kate "Carnation." 'Asthe Fair Dudiess colt is a golden bay he might have been more appropriately named. How ever, I hope he will some day prove a veri table " dark" one, and carry ths Rupfirtswood baronet's banner first past the'post in some groat contest! . - " , " Moonee Valley is famous for the excellence of its- racing, and' that which took place on Tuesday, last wad no exception to the rule. No less than four of the five fiat races were won by two year olds; and though Honey comb, Derision, and The Flyer can only be ranked in the third class, tlifey are useful youngsters, capable of paying their way at minor meeting, and likely to improve as they advance in age. East Lynne, who won the April Handicap, iB the same animal that won the Sale Handicap, and though she was a bit fractions before the Btart, she can gamely enough in the actual contest. There Is fcne improvement that Mr. Cox might make at JIdortCe Valley.' To the right' of tue gratjd I stand there & an excellent natural- stand, Where women and children .generally a* I semble to witness the races, but they are often in-danger through bora, in their anxiety to > see the races, leading torses athongtt tticm. The^^xaacee of acddept majj b^MucedtoJj thetftalid^MotibCTti^ontW yfttda abovelt' A'portionbfthb gipnnd wooldthuS be dn-' closed, ahd the horses worildbeltept in proper hj&ce;, . ^ 1 ' At Moonee valley on Tuesday last YoilJe pad10tf. submitted w^eral of Mr. A.R Robertson's hor&s;, and succeeded in dis §osinebi three, Bonne Fortune for 38^Bideas.' cobeloff lot 50 guineas, and Msseppafo* 7|' guineas. Joe Morrison bought Bonne Fortune fatness that! half hfir vitue for breeding pur poses, for she is %' rare-bred brie, befog e daughter bfJuliftnAvepeland the imported nyire LadyBlair, by Blair Athol. 1 believe it is Abe intehtioh of several of the leading sporteroen of Sonth Australia to purchase the MQ*pbetVille course, with the view of retaining n^a jueeconrse, and also diverting it intp t nmiiipton for coarshjg. I an) glad to he&r; this.&s; this action will ptobably Jfatfe/ttre effect of resoscitating racing 1p the sister: gofony.J Whatever may be uad to tbe contrary, ito satisfied that the abolition ofth# vpp^t -would hare a moptde pr«aeinSf >ff«ct apon the tradesmen and farmers, and ha$ the legislators not driven most of the trainers from 0ie land by the ex tinction of the totftliialtor there "would not be anything like qjfe depression in trade that qowexuts in Sonth Australia. No men Me so fr£e with their money as sporting men. and in Adelaidp alone, to say nothing of the monfey paid to the farmer for bay and corn, they instrhmental in having tens ot foohsatads of pounds' disbursed annually. Hajdt&e; tree of ftietdtaUsator been restricted tofynjr fiaysin the yc»i", radng would have fioatighM. "put to wipe it out altogether was a blander, w^iifch has depnved hnndreds of men of a mean's pf gaining a livelihood. The, imported American trotting sire Ajar hadto|wd^t^ed/&few; daj«.ago. fie was a good ^pfertoWier in the United States, and probably he' wjus the fastest trotter ever im ported tp Australia. When the £500 prize wpfi given to be trotted at the Victoria Trot ting Cii)b grounds he Was one of the com petitors, and though he did not Win the stake he showed mott speed for half a mile than anything ehgaged. He was, however, in the decline'of life', find had lost his staying ppwier. t>r. Ltempriere purchased him subsequently, and he used him for a couple of seasons, when' he became a martyr to rheumatism, and" at last it was considered advisable to put the old fellow out of his misery. .' . Velocipede and Ingleside arrived from Sydney during the week, and I believe the latter )s to try his luck over the hurdles in Victoria. , The Bteeplechase jockey M'lvor, who had his'pollar-b6ne broken while riding in the Steeplechase at' Randwick, has returned to Victoria, but will .not be able to ride again for some time. ' Referring to the South Australian horses engaged in the S.A.J.C. events, "Trumpator " says:-"None of thehorses at present in Ade laae, with' Hie exemption of Mr. Crojrier's team, are likely/to visit Flemington this month, as Mr. Barnard has given Lantern a weight which makes it. Lombard-street to a Chinee orange on his beating the rest of the locals. Atuakbabk the other day he gave Tarpeia 311b. and a ten lengths, beating. In the Goodwood. Handicap he only concedes Mr. Madden's filly 61b., or 181b; less than Mr. Hughes puts between the pair. Mr. Barnard' can hardly have seen, a report of the Onka paringa running, or he would never have made sdeb^n inexcusable blunder..' The Victorian settling over the late A.J.C. meeting took place at the Victorian Club and Bowes's Tattersall's on Monday. It would ' savour' of. romance if I were to state that it i was satisfactory. To epfeak truth it was eminently unsatisfactory, several backers being anxiously inquired for-one in particu ' lar, Who, it was asserted, had quitted the scene for a time at least It is to be hoped that he will soon return and soothe the per turbed spirits of those who art now showing so much interest in his welfare. The "dose administered is said to have been a strong one, and judging from the countenances of those who swallowed it, I don't think it has agreed with them Still, although many of the ring men appear to be sceptical, I think the absent one will yet make an effort. to come to some arrangement which will be satisfactory to both parties. He certainly should do so at once, especially as it is said that he has won for mote from the ring than he ever lost A sprig of nobility has also left- without settling his account, and two or three other backers are num bered amongst' the bussing. A well-known Indian trainer has also departed with a re quest for time, which has been granted, and in Sydney several failed to settle their ac counts, so that altogether the {diets oi the metallic have had anything but a rosy time. On Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday next our Warmainbool Mends will hold their rating festival- upon their well-ap pointed coarse; The fist' and last days mentioned , will be devoted, to the Warrnam bool Racing Club meeting, which promises to be very successful, in these days when there is racing nearly every, week (Hi. the suburban courses of Melbourne, the metro politan division pf racing men. do not seem disposed to send their horaesfar froip home, ' and,: consequently, bat few. will be repre sented ift the west next week, but there mil, as usual, be a goodly sprinkling of.Mel bourne. Visitors, some- of them,' no doubt, with an eye to picking up another Lone Hand or Snipteton. Bookmakers will bear in mind] that only those licensed by the V. R.C, and the local members of the ring will be allowed to'ply .their calling upon the course, and they will have to pay a fee of two guineas. On the. intervening day the Warroambool, Amateur Racing Club will hold its annual meeting, apd, though it may not attract the cracks,' it always is one of the most enjoyable days or. the year, and I don't think this will be any' exception to the rule. 1 -1 ' But for the showery weather that pre vailed in Sydney last Saturday the inaugura tion of the Rosehill Ricing Cbb would nave been a decided vaccess ; in fact, it was a success, notwithstanding the tain. Mr. D. M. Robertson won the principal handicap with Moonshee, ahd thus recouped himself the purchase money; lor he backed him to win a couple of thousands. Astnaa once mora; proved what a goodammal she is by easily winning the two-year-old race, and beating a fastcolt like Matchlock.Situated in a most charming spot, and well conducted, the Rosehill. sHacing Clnb will beoome to the A.J.C. whatiihe V.A.T.CL i&to.ths; V-RC, -Ftpm AdeJaSdeilirefrettojieftr that Mc W,. iilackler has had the bad luckto lose all of. his yearling colts except one, a brown colt by Conrad from Miss Harriett the dam of Henrietta. The ITulham - park studoaaster has instructed Messrs, YntyleiMi^ Ca to dis tose oi a batch of his yearlings dunns the .A.J.C. week,and as they, ate'b/ Rich-, mond and Conrad from some of the mosl: tastojialjl^bred mares evethnpoy^^ttAy-. ^hnioxi/ 'wag ope of the - ever trod Auettaliun tutr, and Xhptm? l sire of Bmulatio& and several other STOQ"t»®c t fotmera. ^ *At the Oniraparingft settlenient- Mc. - Vot eiiaeavuurcu. wj muj v«. - - forward and sportsman-like manner, and he regretted that they should be punished for the ill-doings of others. Hetnisted, however, that before long an alteration would take place, and that they would again see the totalisator in operation. (Hear, hear.) The chairman proposed 'The Secretary, Mr. A. Von Doussa,' who, he said, was the envy of all the racing clubs in the colony. He had carried out his duties simply with a love for the sport, but still, as the club was in funds, they felt that some recognition should be given him for his labours. The amount was not large, and he was sure that he could have trebled the amount had he agreed to accept the position of secretary to the Ade laide Racing Club. He with others must regret the abolition of the totalisator, for if it had been in force they would have realised £250 or £270 more than they had done. If they could have added that sum to their stakes it would have been a great induce ment to breeders of stock to enter. (Hear, hear.) He would then hand the secretary a; cheque for £100. Mr. Von Doussa, in reply, | thanked the committee for their kindness, and added that his one object had been to carry on racing in the true spirit of the sport. It had been suggested that they should bold more meetings in the year, but he felt that if they did that they would kill the goose that laid the golden eggs -(Hear, hear)-for they would then only have two medium gatherings during the year instead of one good one as at pre sent He regretted that they had not an extra good flat course, but they had the best steeplechase course in the colony, and it was his desire to so improve the etakes that the amount to be run for would be the largest in Australia. He hoped to be able to spend £1,000 on the etancL and to give a stake of £500 for the steeplechase.' Although the club was in a flourishing state, still they felt the want of the totalisator. The amount of their settling that evening had amounted to £L400, every penny of which was paid. Mr. S. Tomkinson, in proposing ' The Winners,' said that if it was the desire of the sporting community that the totalisator should be introduced with some restrictions, he would be very glad to see it once more contribute to the success of racing in South Australia." The gates, booths, Sec., for the South Aus tralian Jockey Clnb meeting, to be held at Flemington on the 2nd, 7th, and 9th May, will be disposed of by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., at Kirk's Bazaar^ at noon on meeting of the season in Victoria, there should be some keen competition for posess sion of the varions sites. Mr. Haydon received capital entries for the Elsternwick-park meeting. For the chief item, the Coronet Cup, there are 28 nomina tions, which number includes several good handicap horses, notably Mocnshee .Madcap, and St. Lawrence. In the Club Handicap there are 29, and in the Adelaide Handicap 27\. The meeting is fixed for Friday next, and as there will be many visitors from the adjoining colonies, the park is bound to be well patronised. In addition to the races in cluded in the programme, a trotting match will be decided between Mr. Mitchell's grey mare, Maggie, and Mr. A Saqui's Dagworth, the stake at issue being 50 so vs. Before the last mail left England Fred Archer had returned home, and was riding exercise. His weight was Sat. 101b., so that he will have to do some wasting to get down to Derby weight Mr. T. S. Clibborn is quite jubilant over the result of the call for entries for. the A.J.C. young stakes. No less than 91 have been nominated for the Richmond Stakes, the first great two-year-old race of the year. There are 94 in the December Stakes, 86 in the Champagne Stakes, 79 in the Derby, and 41 in the Oaks. Mr. George Kiss, of Sydney, announces by advertisement that he will, on Wednesday next, dispose of a number of trotting horses bred by Mr. Harris, of Killarney Stud Farm. The lot to be disposed of will include a trotting stallion by Vermont Junior from Lady Lightfoot, and a thoroughbred mare in foal to Vermont Junior. Mr. John Crozier's fine colt, by Julian Avenel from Young Gossamer, was a pas senger by the Victorian on Monday, when Mr. M'Donald also left with his pair. Mr. M'Donald has had bad luck in Victoria this season, Helene being the only one who placed a good win to his credit I hope to see him amongst ns again before the commencement of next season with a strong team. Messrs. Wm. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold the yearling filly by Wellington from Duster to leave the colony; the brown horse York, by Confusion fromBingley, to Mr. J. Cripps; General Scobeloff to Mr. M'Namara; Bonne Fortune to Mr. J. Morrison; and Mazeppa to Mr. O'Mara. On Tuesday next Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. will dispose ot, at Kirk's Bazaar, a very useful lot of horses belonging to Mr. Robert Howie, who generally manages to get together an excellent lot of steeplechasers. , Messrs. Yuille and Co.'e advertisement of this week is a most imposing one, and all in i search of racehorses,' brood mares, sixes, or j yearlings should closely peruse it Space j prevents me entering into details, but next] week I shall have something to say about j the thoroughbreds that are to be submitted to auction during the S. A J.C. week, Those who have horses engaged in the Adelaide Birthday Cup and City Handicap are reminded that acceptances and general entries are due on Tuesday next, April 28. Sydney TatterSall's winter programme ap peatt this week, and it is well worth the j perusal of Victorian racing men. It contains Ki iv irK q Diutuu, at uwu vu As this will be the last great order to meet the convenience of Victorian owners, entries will be received at the \ .K.C. office. Among the events that closed during the week were the Royal Stakes and Queens Birthday Cup of the Sydney Turf Club. For the former there are 55 entries, and for the latter 48. Victoria is represented m each event, The Teacher, Marie Louise, Dirk Batteraick, The Broker, Honeycomb, Ace, St Lawrence, Bonnie Scotland, Muscat, Anchorite, and Rufus being in the Royal Stakes, and Coronet, Anchorite, Rufus, Bonnie Scotland, Dirk Hatteraick, Hilltop, Hazard, Marie Louise, Moonshee, Muscat, and The Broker in the Birthday Cup. Mr. S. Barnard arrived from Adelajde during the week, and has been busy arranging everything for the coming meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club. Sheet Anchor has, I hear, changed hands, and has returned to Mr. Thomas Wilson's stables at Ballarat Finding that it was no use persevering with Elon, Mr. E. Jeliett determined to turn him out, and a few days ago started for that purpose. On the way he met a sheep drover, whom he presented with the son of Patriarch, though it took him Bome time to convince the snepherd that he was in earnest Mr. F. F. Dakin has requested me to caution trainers against employing a lad named Brennan, who has left his service without giving notice. Santa Claus, who ran second to Darebin for the V.R.C. Derby, died at Caulfield a few days ago. For Bome time the horse had been ailing, and gradually pined away. The bookmakers' lot is not a^ happy one in Brussels, where a new regulation has been passed declaring bookmaking illegal. At the races at Berchem, St Agathe, the police made a raid, and expelled the bookmakers, warning them that should they show their faces again all the money in their posession would be confiscated. A jockey named Woods, who rode Comet in the Hurdle Race at the Tamagulla meeting, received very serious injuries by bis horse falling upon him. The iad was removed to the Dunolly Hospital, and he was found to be suffering from concussion of the brain. I have been requested to state that the Selling Trotting Race, which is to be decided at the £lsternwick-park meeting, will be under the same conditions as ordinary sell ing races, and any horse starting can be claimed. Those who have horses engaged in the S. A. J.C. St Leger are reminded that the for feit must be paid before noon on Friday next, otherwise they will be liable for the whole stake. One of the most interesting features of the Wagga race meeting was the appearance of the horse Mercury m a new character. Mr. J. J. Percival, the clerk of the course, rode him during the meeting while performing his duties. The old horse lookB remarkably well, and his fine appearance and great docility must have recommended him to the notice of all the horse breeders who were present The small attendance on the Wagga Wagga racecourse during the M.T.C. autumn meet ing was not much encouragement to the com mittee. It has been suggested that a winter meeting, including a good steeplechase, would prove more attractive than the usual antumn races, which have always proved a financial failure. Probably the long series of bad seasons from which the district has suffered may be the cause of the Bmall attendance, and not any lack of interest in the sport of racing. The meeting passed off very satisfactorily, the only complaints made beingover the last race of the meeting, the Open Handicap. For this race Favour was handicapped to carry 8st, and was at once advanced to the position of first favourite at 6 to 4. In the meantime all the money was taken about Omadhaun at 5 to 1, and five minutes before the advertised start ing time Favour was scratched The matter was brought under the notice of the stewards, but they decided to allow the scratching to stand, time not having been kept throughout the day, and as the entry and handicap were made on the ground the owner of Favour had not much time to spue to make up his mind. The arrangement was not a success, as Oma dhaun was beaten in the race by Student, who was not a lavourite, and the books got off with a fright Lamplighter, who has for many years done stud duty in the Hon. W. Pearson's stud at Kilmany-park, died a few days ago. He was attacked by a disease which has lately played Bad havoc with the GippB Land norsea. Lamplighter, who was by Ferryman from Gaslight, was a brilliant two-year-old, and among other races won the Ascotvale Stakes. As a three-year-old he won the St Leger. Coningsby has been struck out of his S.A.J.C. engagements. t Betting on the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup has not yet assumed large pro portions, though next week, when the South Australians put in an appearance, there will doubtlessbe an important move. For the Cup, Prometheus and Britisher have been supported, at 10 to 1 each, and there has been some speculation on the double, Good wood Handicap and Adelaide Cup. The Caulfield Cap of 1385 will be framed somewhat similarly to that of last year, except that the first horse will receive 1,000 BOVS., the second 300, and the third 200, and the payment for each nomination will be 20 SOVB., 5 so vs. at time of entrance, 5 BOVS. acceptance, and 10 SOVB. final payment. SCRATOTKOH.-V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race-Yellow Ham mer. Glen Huntly Handicap-Ctmnawul l*. Hilltop, Duenna, Hiddlemarch. BteepIeohMe - Denmark. Armadale Handicap- Umberto, Middlemwch, Duenna. 