IWctropoHttiii Items. (FltOX OUR OWN COltltESPON'DENT.) Sydney, Sept. 7, 1885. Patiltament ro-assomblos to-raorrow : yofc although a lively time is oxpoctod, it is tho coming Gonoral Election which excites tho moro attontion in tho Clubs, Cotorios and Conventicles. All the dead-liead 'bummers' are girding up thoir loins for a profitable struggle to tho tune of tho good old niggor song — ' Do politicians nm. grintlnigr oh do tools, rreparins? for the comingr ob «le fijfht : And dc smart men um premivinpr for to over-talk do fools By pointing out tic wrinkles what am right..' ; , . _ ; And what about tho Agricultural Exhibition ? Woll, as an ayricuUund show it was only about half a degroo ubovo ' no-whero ' ; as a pustnrul and horso-juniping ' chivoo ' it wasn't so bad. Talk of room for improvement in the arranger ments, thoro's simply ooeans of room ! I . Tho cattle oxhibits were really splondid. Carlo Marina (of , Moppity, Young district) took the Shorthorn '' blue ribbon' with his 30th Duke of Derrimut, a ' regular one-or ' (as I hoard moro than ono knowing ono declare). Tho Hereford wins wont to tho Tocal herd. Tho Dcvons (stock I don't like) had a few oxhbiits, iirst-rato of thoir kind. Pomoll's Ayrshire hull and hoifer wore a sight for sore oyes. - .The daily cattle, specially some of tho Aldoruoys, woro tar above averago ; soino of 'em. noaring ' pnmo. Tho horse stock as a collection wasn't fit to hold a candle (quory-enn a collection hold a candle ? but novor mind) to tho cattle crowd. Tho ' druuyhi' passes were superb— 'tothors but ' tol lol.' As for the shoop,— woll, a measlier lot, for a show lotc was novor got together: The, dogs wore creditable to thoir pa's and ma's. : What thore was of Farm Produce was good, but Oh I dear 1110 ! if it had all hoen boiled up wouldn't havo made a day's feed lor tlio Cow poultry thore. On Saturday, the clerk of tlio weather ex hibited a dust storm, which I'm bound to say deserved first prizo in ill section. It was some thing unique, and completely spoiled tho fun of the' fi rial j umpirig and trotting contests. In tho Society's Hunter's Contost Arthur Leo's llockot won tho first, his Eblis tlio second, and E. II. AVeston's . Avoudale third; Tn. The. -Tribune Hunter's Plato ivhich followed. Siiv W. J. Clark's Roolcot (riddon by T. Watson) carried olf the'sfirst prize, and . J. M. Toohoy's Monte Oarlo tlio'socond. A. H. Weston took the first prize in tho Cavalry contost ; hut, on the whole, the military riding was very, , vorv weak; A. Town's Violletta filly - by Childo . Harold toox Mr. Guorin's prizo for colonial-brad trotters; and, -to: ray fancy, was the neatost trotter, trotted out. Tho machinery oxhibits lotikeil grand ; but, having nothing to do, hud , vory much tho ap pearance of a crowd of M.L.C's posing as digni fiod. 5! ?iU.lrcke,. youi must search! the. metropolis tan dailies or. weeklies for details : all I have dono is to givo general impressions. Yesterday in the now Y. M. C. A. buildings (atjeornor of Pitt anil Bathurst streets) was held: a solemn dedicatory .service. Dr. Barry, tho Anglican Primate, dolivorod an address 011 ' Christian Unity,' the: cream w..eroof was con-'' taiiiod .in tlio subjoined extract: therefrom :— « ' Tlio one thing wanted was not the ground of: tho] unity in the Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost, for ithat they already possessed, and tliov could 110 more destroy that than they could destroy the source of sonio great river in n glacier hundreds ?of I'eet above their heads: whence tlio river: came down from tlio otorual ; snows. Nor was it, 'again; the 0110 hopo of our -ualling which. was. wiiuted ; but what they ,did» want was that bond of peace, of Chriotinu iiitoicourso, of Christian mutual -understanding, and -of : Ohristi-in love, from waut of1 which . boj'oud all-othor things, so far.} as, he could see. they wore playing into the hands of sin and 1111 bolief' nnd delaying tlio vic torious advance ot His kingdom ovor all nations, and;' languiigos,- and tongues.' l'W I reckon will' Ueoliiio ? ti-- cry . ' ;\nion ''s!: to tlmt. .J3ut Bishni Biinv. not content with advocntin,(.'inuor spiritual unity, niufit'iioeds, do a-' bit uf iderical n d vei'tl si n g f o r liV o'vn Ulmrch.i i.TliiSiis bow lie did it'( (by-' the^indiiect .-.'ciatic imithud) : — » '? What should .heisavVit':. tlio: , lireaiilies ot:; tho ? nxternal':1 Chrislian .ininil^' . dn .', the Church ' of: Chii-t'i'J He wis not one of tho-,0 who mor rnndojlight'iif i'these-Uhingk'i.llo.thou'^litdhey:: slioul t'lveogniso these breaches ot- unity as great, dlsa--toi s Ig))in-,t vi huh lilld to stmo, and wdth reg.ird: to which thev liad to pniv'that God in Tli-^ 'own 'good time would heal thousand bring ihe : great ;body , of ;C'hristians : together, as; ; worshippers of fine laiin. Wa.-i it. '[uitu lmit^s-, Siblo in tlioso critical days, .wlieu1 Clinsti; 111 : faith was face to face' with systems of thought that actually 'donied the very possibility ot the k now-. ledgo of the exist mice of tho living God; which actually .taught us to believe tho two wnre the ; ; eron turos of ; three score - years : and ten; awbthoy .? were to pass nwav,' absorbed into lie know, notswhat,: nsiit. H'o never had -boon at all ; svstenis which ileined or;qu'stioiUMl even those ? fundamental 1 laws: of : Christian: moraiitj which ho luid thought wero the imperishablo treasures of modern .civilisation— was it impos sible that ' these Ubristian bodies, which were separated by 110 irreconcilable differences, wus it impossible that they should strivo and pray for some comprehension, for somot.hing that might bring them back again and make them ono body outwardly, as thoy ought to bo, ono iu heart and spirit.' Tho Revs. l)r. Steel, Dr. Jefl'oris, and Mr. Fletcher also gave addresses but of an un notewortby chaiauter. To-day (Monday) the said Y. M. 0. A. ' buildings aro being (at this tiine of writing) formally opened— whoreof moro anon.' ;':;Thd ^feeling is pretty generally entertained that tho vordict of manslaughter against.Thomp son and Birch for tho killing of Constrihjb Ilir.l was a failure of justico. This feeling was well summed lip iii a loador of the Daily Telegraphs wheroin it was said :— ' It was proved that the prisoners had boon misconducting thomsolve^'or a considerable timo before the arrest was at tempted. : They were noisy irtid aggressive all night. ? When thoy roaehod Ocinterbury aftor a oareor of disordor and riot in Sydnoj', thoy ap pear to havo first att.raotcd tho attontioh'of a conscientious hut unfortunate policeman, who wont out of his house in tho lhiddlo of tho night, partially dressed, to arrest thorn. A scuffle 011 suod, in which I10 recoivod no loss than throo distinctly fatal wounds with an fix 0 and a num ber of other injuiios doalt with tho samo murr.or ous woapon. This is tho crimothat a jury, with all tho ovidonce boforo thorn and sworn to return their ' true saj'ing,' havo pronounced to bo manslaughter. Tho two scoundrels choppod up tho pohcoman, not from nialico aforotliought, but, in a scuflio which tho policeman liimsolf eommoncod. Tho more timorous and loss conscientious mombors of tlio force will 110 doubt bo vory clinry of interfering, with tlio midnight orgies of nrmod ruffians aftor such a porfoctly luoid vordict as that.' Although there is somo wlint t,o bo said on tho othor sido of tho question, I think that on tho wliolo tho ' D. T.' is quite in tho right of it. Wbon a follow . being in his pups runs and shods human lifo, lie wants hanging— navy doubt of it. - But bo also doos tho follow who sold him the grog whioh sot lutn 011 tho a muk lino. On this point, .read und digest tho following wise words of tlio ' ?Echo '? : ? 'Raw, now, white spirit is the basis of most liquors, and if analysod might yiold no rocog- j nisnblo poison ; but who could drink white spirit continuously nnd keep lus reason and his hie r Tho analyst must do much moro than look for grains of paradise, tobacco, coculus indicus/or. strychnino, and tho offootivo law must do much moro than prohibit tlio salo of such drugs ns thoso. Tho one glass of good liquor at sixponco warms, inspires,: stimulates ; the , two nobblors of liro -water at, throoponco scorch and burn. Tho Government takos revonuo upon nil liquor 1 imported, {.nuges its quantity und its strength, holds it temporarily in custody. What thon bars tho way to a thorough tost to quality, to a detention until ago producos tho required stan-, dnrd, or to condemnation nt onco as stuff which should nevor bo permitted to inadilon man ? Tho whisk v or tho brandy unfit for human con sumption would share the samo fate as the meat or the milk- so condemned. And why not? Foul ' or diseased ' moat' broods diseaso of tho body ; vilo liquor assaults both body and mind.' The 'Rosorve' corps are to go into camp for 3 days towards tho closo of tho your. — Mary-anil Baker, triumphant, ense of falso resignation of doatli preferred against , her by Crown having signally broken down. Baby farming must bo attacked from anothor qunrtor. — Speakor Barton has boon appointed a trustoo of the F100 Library vice W. A. Duncan deceased. — Following par., clipped from fi. M. Ilerahl of Tuosdny last, possesses a sort of historical mtorost.— -' It is holiovod more shipping ontered Port Jackson on jronday than ovor did boforo. Altogothor there worn 11 arrivals, oxcluding oonstors. four of those being intercolonial stoainors, and the roinaindor oversea ships, tho total amount of tonnago being 2-1,073 tons. Ono was from Glasgow, ono from Hamburg, onu from Livor ponl.' and four from London, besides tho steam ship Kont. from the snmo port, while tho barquo Herman was from. Ceylon.'— School of Arts Committoo. nt loggorhoads with its Debating Club.- Pfahlort's Hot ol, Wynyard Square, is honcoforth to bo worked by a syndieato under the now nnmo of the Carrm/toii. —In the Lasseter case Siddoris.'got 3 and Reynolds 2 years imprisonment. — A syndicate, to be eallod tho Sydney Bathing Company, has boon formed. The promoters; propose to erect a commodious building having nn ornamental facade to Pitt street, and to construct two largo basins fur swimming baths. Thoy also mean to form an aquarium in connection with the establishment. — Nicholas Weekes G.S. ? of tho Grand Lodge of Now South Wales, thus addressed tho Tele- ? graph Inst week :— Noticing a cablegram in your issue of the 4tli t, hat ' The . Grand Lodge of Freemasons has dismissed. the appeal from tlio Freemasons of New South, Wales,' I bog to in form v'ou that, tlio above cauir'.t refer ..-to- : tlio; Grrind Lodge of Now Sontli' Wales, ns no n]i poal lnis been foi warded byiithat bialy to the Grand Lodge of England, nor has any applica tion for recognition been made during tho last fivo or six years.' — Sir John Robertson is only .slowly rccoovoring. — La.«t wook the Torpedo Corps removed . tho mines .from- the '-'western', channel of Port Jackson.— Konthal I 'out' cricket '111.'- IT. M. S. ' Opao ' arrived yester day in Port Jackson.— On Saturday the Cliiol Justico was elected a momhor of the Uuivorsitv Senate vice the Into Sir G. W. Allen.— J. R. Fairfax laid tho foundatioii-stono of the new Athenfoum Club, premises on Saturday. Not A Bbvf.uaoe. — ?* Thoy are not a bovorago but a medicine, with curativo properties of the highest degree, containing no poisonous drugs Thoy do-not tear down nil already dobilitatod systom, but build it up. Ono bottle contains moro real hop stroiurth than a barrol ol or dinary be-r. Physician's proscribe thorn - ?Itnchester U. H. A., Kmrinq Express, 00. AmoriT: enn flop Bitters.— Adv. 