. PfU1LISHEUn DAILY WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11. 1SS.. Tm case of Turner v. Jones, which came beforo his Honor Mr. Commis sioner Whitefoord on Monday last, is likely to be productive of a most beneficial change in the practice of dealing with judgment debtors, who have hitherto, in nineteen cases out of twenty, beet able to snap their fingers in the faces of those creditors who summoned theid for non compliance with judgments obtained against them. These halcyon days for the unprincipled and unscrupulous debtor are likely to come toian abrupt termination by the loctrine of instalments so lucidly pointed out by Mr. G. T. Collins on behalf of the judgment creditor in the case quoted above. Mr. Collins con. tended that the Court has power to order a debtor to pay by instalments, if it could be proved that such debtor was in receipt of a sttlicient income for that purpose, and that failing any one such payment the debtor could be committed to prison for a term not exceeding six weeks. We are informed that in the past other members of the legal profession have urged the Court to adopt this reading of the statute, but that his Honor Mr. Commissioner White foord has' refused to make an order unless it could be proved that the debtor had at any ene time since tihe date of the order of judgment the means to pay the senm in respect of which he has made default. In other words, the Court has declined to make an order unless proof has been adduced that the debtor has had the whole sum claimed by the creditor.in his possession at one given time. Mr. Collins relied upon the reading of the fourth section of 34 Victoria, No. 33, Debtoiso Act, 1870, but as an additional weight to his own interpretation of that act, the learned counsel quoted from Fisher's "Common Law Digest," vol. III, instances showing that by recent English practice an order under the Debtors Act, 32 and 33 Victoria, c 62, an application for the committal of a debtor could be made when such debtor makes default in the payment of any one instal ment. Hitheito his Honor has declined to make an order for payment unless the foundation was laid by a conviction or by the debtor pleading guilty to having had the means to satisfy the judgment This, as we have shown above, is seldom or never attained, but according to Mr. Collins's doctrine it would he easy to prove that a debtor was in receipt of a weekly. or monthly salary, and although he might at no time have been or be in a position to pay the whole of the judgment claim at once,yethe could reasonably beexpectedto pay so much per week or month by instalments in liquidation of the debt. There could be no hardship in the Court ordering a man proved to be in the receipt of definite weekly or monthly salary to pay by instalments. The debtor would still have an opportunity of showing cause why he was unable to pay the instalment ordered by the Couit. Take for example a suppositious case A sues B for a debt of £11, and recovers a judgment; B fails to satisfy that judg ment; A takes outa judgmentaummun ns, and proves that B is in receipt of £3 10s weekly; now B may never' have had. £1-- in one sum in his possession yet weeklyhe handles a sum which repre sents nearly a third of his debt to A. The Court, under the new order of prac tice proposed, makes an order for B to pay 10s per week by instalments. B, we will suppose, fails in one of these pay ments; A applies for his eommittal to prison, but if B, who is also summoned, can prove that since the order made by the Court he has had sickness, death, or any reasonable cause for increased ex penditure, the committal would not' be carried out. Thus, we think, we have shown clearly no act of injustice or wrong would be perpetrated on. the debtor, while the good it would be productive of tomany atrusting creditor wouldbo inca'e culable. If the case of Turner v. Jones, which has been so often before the Court, leads to a more desirablp and speedy pro. cedure in dealing with defaulters, it will have accomplished a good and excellent work, and the thanks of the community at large, and commercial menet in ar. ticular, will be due to Mr. Collin, for his commendabloperseverance in bringing forward the able arguments and authori-. ties in support of lhis views. We hope that the " echoes" referred to by a porrespondent in another column are those of but a very small proportion of Melbourne society. The sriril which prompted the offer of men and material to our country at the moment when a dark gloud seemed to be lowering over her, whilst it does honour to New Boutoh Wales, is one of which all Australia is proud, and cannot fail in its morablofect upon the world. England is not now distracted by a number of distant,discon- tented, helpless colonies that in time of danger cling to her skirts for protoection biut she is surrounded by a crowd of young and stalwart sons who eagerly gather aroundl commolno parent to defend her in her God-directed ellforts to give truth and peace and freedom to mankind. There may be some who affect to see only occasioe for ridiculo in the tiny beginning made by New South Wales.. Intt we do not despise the day of small thinge: The ofter wis prompt--nasked--nexpectcd, a and though small, it spyke the feeling which pulsates the?ugh every colony of the Australasian group, and through every province of.- the British Empire. It -is the generous enthusiasnm of young nations fired by the recollection of a glorious past and Luill of confidence that right and truth will triumph in the future. Fraot every corner of the earth, from every variety of clime, and race, and speech there rises up a voice at the soutd of. whicli lagured tyrants will tienble, it is the voic B of Groat Britain like a peal of thunder rolling round the globe, declaring that justice shall be upltold, and proclaiming death to all who :tshdl'.dare to violate the sanctity of British. hearths and . homes ! England supported by all her possessions will present such a spectacle of union,' deter. initiationi and might as the world has never before seen, and which nothing (?idt ififtua'.iou or madness would under value or provoke. THE serious inconvenience to business man hn'd the public in general by the absurd number of holidsys gazetted from time to time was tnever mnre exempli- fied thant yesterday, when under the frivolous pretext of commemorating the anniversary of the Prince of Wales's wedding day the banks, Government and Municipal offices were closed. Out aide these departments, the day was un- observed by either conmmercial or busi- ness moil;shops, olfices, and warohoulses were open. The consequence was that urgent busitness messasges requiring despatch could nitt bi sent by telegraph, because the office was closed. Telephonic communication from the ertio cause was stopped, while owing to the closing of the banks cheques were unable to be cashed, bills presented or discounted until tlle next day. In some instances, people coming into town from a distance to bank money, or interview Government officials, were put to the expense and inconveni- ence of a useless journey. It is quite htiCe a stop were put to the excessive number of public holidays, and it is to be hoped that for the future tile Prince of Wales's wedding anniversary may be erased from the list of days when the public are to be inconvenienced by the closing of its principal institutions. OUR CABLE NEWS.-Notwithstanding the anxiety which the issues which are at present pending between England and Russia cause in the colonies London corres- pondents have forwarded no news as to the progress of affairs at head quarters. In reference to tile Soudan campaign the English Government does not seem to be able to make up its mind whether to carry on the war until the False Prophet and his followers are wiped off the fitce of the earth or not. An additional million of money has been voted for: carrying on the war, and on I Monday the British force at Suakin will it commence its march across the desert to Berber. The IMahdi, in a characteristic n proclamation, forbids his followers to 5\. harass the Britishers during the approach. ing summer, as he has every confidence that the climate will destroy them all and leave the field clear. The little difficulty which existeil between England and Ger many has been smoothed over, and Count Herbert Bismark has returned to the fatherland. The eighth degree of south latitude has been agreed to as the line of demarkation between the newly-acquired territories of the two nations in New Guinea. But while this matter has been settled, German autihori ties in the Camaroons, on the West African Coast, have insulted the British flag hoisted at the settlement of Victoria in Ambas Bay, by hauling it down, and un furling their own in its place. The British Consul there has protested against this high-handed step. Sir Hercules Robinson does not favour the proposed Colonial Council of Advice, and thinks it unneces- sary. It has been finally resolved to in crease the British army by 15,000 men. THE INVARD ENOLIoeS MAIL.--The English mails, per the Orient. steamer m Potosi, up to January 23, arrived here yesterday in the s.s. Ppteena. and were delivered shortly after 3 p.m. The R.M.S. Pekin,with the English mails, via Brindisi, up to January 30, arrived' at Albany at 11 a.m. yesterday., She should reach Adelaide about 10" a.m. on Friday, and Melbourne on Sunday morning. The Tas- manian portion of the mails will be brought on by the s.s. Pateena, arriving here on Tuesday next. MINISTERIAL.-The hon. Adye Douglas was in town all yesterday, but in consequence of its being a public holiday he transacted no business. lie will leave for the capital by the ordinary train this morning. NARROW ESCAPE.—A very narrow escape from drowning happened to a man named Richard Wilson at a late hour last even- ing, when walking on the Queen's Wharf. It appears that lie got too near the edge of the wharf, and overbalancing himself fell into the river. The tide running out swiftly, the unfortunate man drifted down the river at full speed. A boat was got out from the Waterman's Ferry,' and with great hasto was sent after the man, who was rescued near Town Point. He was pulled into the boat, and taken up to wharf, where restoratives were given, and after about half an hour he was none the Worse forhis immersioni Had the man been unable to swim there is no doubt lihe would have met, ivith a watery grave. This is another instance of the necessity of placing additional life-saving apparatus t. on the wharves, to be used in, case of emergency. oVOLUNTEER mE-ns.--About 50 members rn of the Launceston .Volunteer Rifle Regi g- ment, 80 Cadets, and 10 members of tile , band of the Rifle Regiment assembled on Sparade last evening, when the officers pre 3 sent were Major Aikenhead, Lieutenant d. Gould, and Lieutenant and Adjutant n Fairthorne. MIajor Aikenhead exercised those present in marching past and e- battalion drill, and then gave them 'some . instruction in guard mounting, at the con c- elusion of which, headed by the band of to the Rifle RIegiment, they marched through some of the principal streets of the town. s IDfore'idismissing tile parade Major Aiklen y- head reminded the Volunteers of the day to light parades and the instruction in tent pitching thlis morning and at 3 p.m. on ? Saturday next, and said thathe ihad reason by to believe that the Commandant, Colonel or Legge, would take 'charge of tle parade on Tuesday evening next, when hie would Sexercise them in movements to be gone be through at the Easter encampment. v, MajorAikenhead particularly requested the attendance of every man in the regiment, ag and pointed out that at least the attend ir, ance of every man and Cadet who were of going into camp was indispensable. At Ctie conclusion of the parade about half a Sdozen recruits presented themselves for s, enrollment. rt, FoBtmi ]inos.--TIIe lovers of birds ., will have a rare opportunity of becoming possessed of some rare and pretty foreign ill ntelerc of thie featlheredtribe to-sorrow, nt when Ir. lagtnus MI. Suith will sell at lif ty uction mart a collection of birds just im ported. These comprise beautiful little r eowax- bills, finches, and black headed or Johnt-a-hini, a pretty little Chinese bird. g Thle birds are on view. to-day at tile mart. ExcUnsIoN TO rOSEVEAIIR's.-The p.. Natone made a pleasure excursion to hlose vear's yesterday, and was well patronised. d Shie left the whartf at 215 p.m., and re n turned. shortly after i p.m., after a very on enjoyable outing, ch Fne?rinmour LecTUnrE.--This evening al a lecture will be delivered in the MIecha a nic' Institute by (iss Alla Cquiphtell,oii r "The uanFch of tlte Gods." T'he chair will b be taken at eight o'clock, THI INVALID DEPOT.-Th0 annual re port of the Launceston Invalid Depot for a the year 1884 is to hand, but contains no s features of unusual interest. The admnis- I sions for the year were ten less than in i 1883, and the number of inmates remaining I in the institution on the 81it December was 1.14. The death-rate was higher than i in the previous year, and the average age 1 at death was 74'767. The gross expendi- p ture for the year was £2286 3s Id, being an'excess of X1.19 9s ld over the estimates, I and this is accounted for by the increase in I the daily average of inmates, the high price of provisions, extra medical comforts, additional cost of funerals, and certain i alterations that were effected to the bed- s steads. In his report MIr. Jones points to L the difliculty which is .experienced in t finding inmates competent and willing to ( act as wardsmen, and expresses the convic tion that the day is not far distant when l paid attemlants will have to be employed. I The alterations effected during the year have greatly increased the comfortof the in mates, and the verandahs which have been enclosed and converted into dining rooms have given much additional accommoda tion. In conclusion, the Superintendent i thankfully acknowledges the interest which several ladles and gentlemen have taken in the institution, whvlich luas been displayed by giving tea meetings to the inmatesl and providing entertainments, which the old people have greatly enjoyed. Tihe net cost of maintenance of the in mates for the year was £&14 16s 10ld, or £.1 7 lid more than that at the Now Town Depot, but this is accounted for by the reasons already stated, and the fact that the outlay for alterations and repairs at the southern institution was very trifling. Tihe only necessary work yet to be performed at the Launceston institution is the laying of drain pipes from the kitchen and some other buildings to the bottom of the paddock, a distance of 900 feet. When this is completed no further work of construction or alteration of any importance will be required for many years to come. TELhEsRAPIC-.-The following notice was posted at the local 'Telegraph oflice yester day. Berne advises communication be tween India and Ceylon restored. IMrsoirrn STOcK.-It will be rememm bered that in September last Mr. T. Hard man, of Deddington, importedia Devon bull froem New South Wales. " The animal was brought to Launceston in the s.s. Corinna, and landed at the quarantine station, Middle Island, to undergo the usual six months' quarantine. The bull was liberated on Sunday last, and brought up to town in thle s.s. Empress of India, safely landed, and driven to its owner's premises. The Devon bull is by one of the well known New Zealand bulls, and was bred by Mr. F. Reynolds, of 'ocal, N.S.W., and should gain as good reputation. We understand that the bull recently imported into 1 Hobart, will be brought round to Middle Island in the ketch Harry Wood, where it will be subject to six months' quarantine. Tows PARK.-Tlhe following additions have been made to the collection of birds and animals at the Town Park :-A young wallaby, presented by Mr. Mansfield, of Struan House; and a very fine eagle, t presented by Captain Jackson of the p.s. I Avon. \- PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. - From the s lion. the Chief Secretary we have received Sa batch of papers comprising the annual 5 returns compiled by the Government 5 Statistician and others. Amongst them are the vital statistics for the country dis d tricts, the reports of the Campbell Town SHospital,, Hobart Fire Brigade Board, a Launceston Invalid Depot, the Ragged and 1 Training Schools, New Town Farm, and 1 Charitable Institution. D AcclDsNT.-A man named John Con a stantine, a workman at Messrs. W. Knight o and Co.'s foundry, met with a serious acci Sdent yesterday when engaged riveting a e boiler. It appears that as lie hit a rivet d the head flew off, striking him in the eye. He was taken to the Launceston General Hospital, where it was found that his eye d was much injured, the eye-ball being 0 broken. The wound was carefully dressed d by the Surgeon-Superintendent, and the o man left the institution. a TuoROUnHnnED STOCr.-Bly the Patoena, o which arrived yesterday front Melbourne, 5 Mr. John Field imported two thoroughbred horses. One is a yearling filly by Welling ton, out of Fenolla by Fisherman, out of h the imported mare Rose de Florence, and n purchased at the sale of the Glenormiston yearlings last week. The other is Cres It wick, a horse by Yattond.on, out of the 5s imported mare Q.E.D., .by Blair Athol, n and therefore, like the Fenolla filly, has 1 nothing to complain of on the score of breeding, and both animals are remarkably w-ell bred indeed. Hors.-From Mr. Robertson we have received a sample grown at the Huntley r Grounds, near Glengarry, to which our " reporter makes allusion in another column. The sample is a prime one, quite equal to any grown in the New Norfolk district, and it is hardly necessary to add that the t cultivation of hops provides employment h in the season for many women and children d in the neighbourhood of Glengarry. TIIE RUSSIAN MARCir TO INDIA.-Ve have been shown a capital cartoon, the property of Mr. H. Lawler, of the Wilmot Arms, which, though published in the is Irish lWeekly Times more than twelve n months ago, possesses an unusual interest Y now that the relations between England 'e and Russia are so strained. The picture is represents the Czar leading the bear heavily laden wi?i the implements of war so and carrying a map of India across the d desert of Afghanistan. The towns he has 1- passed and the dates are shown as fol f, low : - Amu-Daria, 1863; Samarcand, if 1867; Kokan, 1870; Khiva, 1873; Geok i Tepe, 1880; and Merv in 1884. The Czar's t feet are on the two last-named towns, w shilst grizzly's paws cover some of the s others, and the next steps indicated are d Balk, Herat, Candahar, and Jellalabad, w, which will bring him on to the Khyber to Pass. On the Indian frontier the British a lion is depicted as being held back by John 1, Bull, who is heavily laden with a mill so stone marked " IRadical," and by hIis side n stands an Irishman urging to drop his load e and "fgrip a sword or a blackthorn." The c. idea is an exceedingly clever one, and y depicts accurately the stealtihy advance ss which the Russians have made towards of India, and which it would appear is not at all unlikely to lead to an open rupture rs with Great Britain. The drawing is \- tinted, and the positions of the towns cor o respond exactly with those assigned to n them in the most recently published maps. A TasiAstsas Ex-PRESBHAN.--It will be it interesting to the very many friends of the it gentleman mentioned toblearn thatamongst h the Australians who were called to the bar d In London during HIilary term was MIr. to Arthur II. Davis, of the Middle Temple. Mr. Davis, who intends to practise in Mel , bourne, is a.grandson of the late Mr. A. H. h Davis, a well-known pioneer of South Australia. Mr. Davis's first venture in life Swas as a pressman, and as reporter on the 8.A. Register lie succeeded very well. it e was subsequently appointed editor of tihe Tasmanian Mail, Hobart, which n position he held untit he gave up the Press cl and took to law. 1ie was articled to Ile lessrs. Douglas and Collins of this town, id and has since passed through a course of study in Chambers, at the Temple, and at SLincoln's Inn. VWhen called to the Bar to MIr. Davis was proposed by Mr. JEneas J. , PIntyre, Q.C. Mr. Davis will return to j Tasmauia shortly, where he will take a re brief holiday, previous to going to Mel Lt bourne. L LAUNcESTON VOLUNTEER RIFLE REoI r ENT.-The above- named regiment will assemble for parade this morning at 6-30 So'clock, for instruction in pitching tents, when the commanding officer trusts that all ranks will make qn effort to be present. n CorqIA5L ~~lTuAL LIFE OFFICE. A ttentiophs draewn to an advertisement by this society in our columns, convening a l special general meeting of members, for d the purpose of receiving tihe report of the d. second investigation for tlhe division of profits. We hear the report will declare a favourable bonus. . FIREo BUIOADES' DEONsTRATION AT \- IALLAmTa.--Greut preparations ihaver been d, mide at Ballarat for the fire brigades' e- deminstration, which commenced last 7 night with a torchlight procession. The various hotels and boarding-houses are all ig engaged,.and it isi quito possible tlat nqt a a- few visitors wiyjll haye trqulhle in prqcqr45gng II ver 8o00 frsirie wlU tlo: pert it the proceedings, REMANDED To MELnoURn s.--On Friday atornoou a woman named Annie Proctor, t who arrived hero on that day from Mol- a 1,ourne, was,it will be remembered,brought a ibfore his Worship theoMayor (Hy. Button, J Esq.), at the Launceston Police Court on a S charge of deserting her child, and was re manded pending the arrival of a warrant. t The warrant was received yesterday by the i police authorities, and the woman will be despatched to Melbourno to- morrow in the e s.s. Pateena, under the charge of Sub- n Inspector Walter Scott. It appears that a Annie Proctor, . who is aged 23 -years, t cruelly siandoned her newly-born female infant on St. Kilda-road on the 3rd inst., and will upon arrival at Melboirne be charged with that offence. Thie accused was confined in the Lying-in Hospital; c Carlton, and on her disellargo on the 3rd I inst. rode nearly to Princo's Bridge, when t she asked the cabman the way to the Im migrants' Home. She was then crying, and on being shown the way hold up her little infant, and said "I should not want to go there were it not for this little one." She then appears to have gone some little distance, and having deposited her 1 infant on the sideway, where it was subse quently found, by the constable on duty, waited for the Tasumanian teamer and left Melbourne thereby. Albert Chamberlain, who was remanded to Mel bourne a few days since for larceny at that place, will also be sent to Melbourne to morrow. Tus RleEv. D. JONEs-HAl EIA'S READING. -Last evening the Rev. D. Jones-Hamer, the popular minister ofCollins-streetCongre gational Church, Melbourne, gave in the Mechanics' Institute a most interesting and dramatic reading from Dickens's "Christmas Carol." The room was well filled by a thoroughly appreciative audienoce, who frequently testified their approbation by irrepressible plaudits. The reading commenced with a description of Scrooges, the hard, calculating, and selfish miser, repulsing on Christmas Eve the genial invitation of his cheory light hearted nephew to dinner, and sneering at the festivities of Christmas. The descrip tion of Marley's Ghost- the Ghost of Christmas Past, Present, and Future, was treated in a most realistic anud thoroughly dramatic style. From the comic to the pathetic, from gay to grave, Mr. Hamer was equally at home, at one time convulsing his audience with laughter, and then by the pathos of his voice melting: them almost to tears. The perfect attention and silence which prevailed when the pathetic portions of the simple but thrilling story were read showed how strong sa hold the readerhad upon the sympathies of his listeners. At the conclusion loud and long applause testified to the rich intellectual treat provided tho audience. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Henry Button), in moving a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. ITamer,said he thanked that gentles man for having shown what could be done by good reading. He had always felt great admiration for Charles Dickens, who had a natural horror of cant, and tried to put down the vices and follies of society. Though some of his characters might be exaggerated, most of them were life-like portraits. The audience would agree with him in wishing that if there were other Scroogs in the world they might all be converted like the Scrooge they had just heard about. The Rev. W. Law seconded 1 the motion, remarking that not long since I lie had stood by the grave of Dickens in t Westminster Abbey and mused for a long time pondering over the many beautiful characters he had depicted in his works, and he cameto the conclusion that he was a great preacher of benevolence and 1 righteousness. The piece Mr. Hamer had read breathed the very spirit of Christ, "peace Ion earth and good will among men." lie trusted that upon some future occasion when Mr. Hamer visited Launccs ton again lie would favour them with another rich intellectual treat in the shape of another reading. The Mayor said he would not put the motion in the usual formal way, but would ask the audience to ° testify their assent by carrying it by acclamation, which was done. Mr.Htamcr briefly returned thanks, and the proceed. ings terminated. TASrANIANS Fron THE SOUDAN.-Two Tasmanian natives named Thomas Lilly and William Learoyd, former members of the Launceston Volunteer Artillery, in which corps they received their first in Sstruction in drill, have joined the New. 1 South Wales contingent, and embarked with them on board the troopship, Iberia, ea route for Soudan. Prior ° to doing so they wrote to say good by to their countrymen in Tasmania, and the letter, which was received f by a well- known Tasmanian, was Y written in high spirits, winding up with the declaration that "when the time comes e Tasmania will have her share in the glory." y It is pleasing to find such patriotic utter r ances in the letters of Tasmanians, show s. ing that the natives of the "tight little o island" are in no way behind in enthusiasm those living in larger and important a colonies. A " God speed them" from many ta Tasmanian willllfollow these brave hearts n to the burning sandsi of Egypt. Y.M.C.A.-An addition has been made e to the library of the Young Men's Chris e tian Association by the receipt of 40 books, I amongst which are volumes of the classical e library. Tile kind donor is a lady who is e not desirous of having her name made t -public. d TASrANmANCouasINOCrLun.-Tho annual 0 general meetingof membersof the Northern r Tasmanian Coursing Club willbe held in the Criterion Hotel, on Saturday next, at 3 e p.m. FIRE IN HOWICK-STREET.- Yesterday evening, between six and seven o'clock, the I. Sandhill bell rang out an alarm of fire, k which should have been answered at once e by the firebell in the tower, but owing to a the whistling of the p.s. Natone the sound of the Sandhill bell was not heard for some time, hence a delay occurred; but directly I1 the alarm was given the firebell in town r promptly rang out, and with promptitude s the three reels, under the command of n Lieutenant Bennell, hastened to the lo Scality indicated. Upon arrival it was found that tlhe fire was at Mrs. O'Donnell's resi d dence, at the corner of Howick-street and Wellingtos-road thle roof of which had d caugsht fire, i? is supposed, by tihe over heating of a flue attacheld to a stove, the s chimney of wlsichlpassed through the centre Sof an old shingled roof. Fortunately the Sflames were quickly subdued without a using the reels, some buckets of water and \- the pulling off of a few shingles oeffectually 0 putting an end to what might have been a . serious conflagration. Great credit is duo e to the brigade for thie alacrity with which the reels were on the spot. tATHLETI AlvEi SSIONARIESn.-A fOW smOtl8s r ago (says "Atlas" in the Worldof 28th r. January) I announced that C. T. Studd, of Scricketing fame, and Stanley Smith, tshe I- Light Blue stroke, were contemplating a I. departure to China on missionary work. s The young enthusiasts have now finally e decided to sail on Wednesday in next week. SOn thle previous evening they will give i. farewell addresses in the Corn Exchange f at Oxford. Probably no missionary hnas I over set forth into savage wilds withl so ss many good wishes as will "C.T." next Sweek. , TIIE BAD AND WORTHLRSs are never insltated or coualerfeited. 'I'his is espe ct ially true of a family medicine, and it is r positive proof thlat thle remedy imitated is of thehighest value. As soon as it had been Stested and proved by thle whlole world that 0 Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and most valuable family medicine on oarth, many imitations sprung up and began to steal ' the notices in which the Press and thlp I people of the country lhad oepresod the m erits of H. B., aid in oveory way trying to 'idqcse suffioring nvalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of HI.B. IMany \- others started nostrums put qp in aimilar 'y style to I. II,, with' variosly devihod a unames In wlhich thle wordl "Hop"' or r "Hope" were used in a eway to induce 5 people to believe they wore the same as f Hop Bitters. All suclh pretended remedies a or cures, no matter what tlheir style or name is, and especially those with the word T " Hop" or "Hops" in their name or in Sany way connected with them or thetir ' name, are ihnitations or counterftito. It Beware of tlhem. Touch nop of them. SUse nothing qieuine usto rican lIop a Ifops on the hylite label, aa Dg. S.o\o's Sname lown i l~plm.t lass. ?r iet notiIg a. oels?, G is sss etie?oists are warned t1ao int 4sol lst ehulitstiohs or 6oumt-. _?01tl, ~~ ~~ . . .'. . .. Nvw GUINEA.-FrOm the secretary to the Royal Colonial Institute we have re ceived a copy of the resolutions passed at a meeting of the Council held on the 27th January last. They recapitulate the various events in connection with the New Guinea question, and make allusion to the fact that in 1875 a deputation waited upon the Earl of Carnarvon, then Secretary of State for the Colonies, and asked that the eastern shores of New Guinea " should be added to the Empire without delay." The memnorial then presented pointed out that the secret of our security in and about New Guinea was to be found in the fact that there was no one to interfere with us, and stated further that the presence of any other power would at once and for ever entail an increased expenditure in the time of peace, which would far exceed the cost of establishing British authority in tihe island. The memorial also pointed out that it was just possible that some foreign power might establish a penal settlement at New Guinea, as the French have done at New Caledonia. In 1876 and 1878 the matter was again pressed upon the Minister, and in 1882 the attention of Earl Derby was called to an article which appeared in the Allgemeine Zeitung, recommending the German Government to Sannex and colonise New Guinea. In 1883 Sanother memorial was presented to the Secretary of State urging annexation, and stating that if a foreign power assumed possession of the island its presence in the time of war would be a standing danger to Australasia, and a menace to British interests in the east. This action was con firmed by resolution of the Council, and papers advocating annexation were read at various times by Sir Archibald Michie, I Q.C., Signor D'Albertis, and Mr. Wilfred Powell. The resolutions, copies of which r were forwarded to the Secretary of State and the Agents-General for the Colonies, conclude by expressing deep concern at i the report that a foreign protectorate over ea ilarge portion of Noew Guinea is likely to be permitted by the English Government, t and urging that steps may be taken to avert so great an injury to British in f terests. s DEATH OF LIEUTENANT DE LISLE.-Little f has been said in the daily Press about e Lieutenant Rudolph de Lisle, one of the s ollicers who fell at Abuklea. Yet (says s the World) he deserves a word of recogni l tion for his .exceedingly bright character s and the good-humour which never failed a him. A younger son of Mr. Ambrose shde e Lisle of Grace Dieu Manor and Garendon t Park, Leicestershire-the prototype of the Eustace Lyle of " Coningaby"--ho was a brought up.in the Roman Catholic religion, 1 to which his father was converted when an o Eton boy by the hon. and Rev. George Spencer, the earliest of the Oxford sece ders. The death of Lieutenant de Lisle lsthrows into mourning, therefore, a large number of Roman Catholics, including his e sisters,the Dowager LLdy Howard of Glossop b and Lady Weld. The latter lady hadnot seen a her brother for twenty-two years until a t few weeks ago, when, on returning with Sir Frederick from Singapore, she saw him e for a moment at Alexandria, and she was a looking forward to his return to renew an a acquaintance with him which was broken r off when he was eight years. old. The e sword which Lieutenant do Lisle had with I him in his last expedition was the gift of I Lord Denbigh, whose godson le was. 0 PArLIAxs NTArn.-We have authorityfor a stating that the rumour whicL was in circulation announcing thatan early session would be called to consider important * questions is premature, as the Government S has not yet taken the matter into con 1 sideration. FooTnALL.-The annual meeting of the City Juniors was held last evening at the Working Men's Club, Mr. W. Dedman occupying the chair. There were about S40present. The secretary, Mr. M. Maloney, h read the annual report, which was adopted. The following officers were elected :-Presi dent, Mr. Harry W. Hadfield; vice presidents, Mr. W. H. J. Dedman, Mr. J. Edwards, and Mr. P. Davis; captain, Mr. J. Young; vice-captain, Mr. A. Collins; usecretary, Mr. M. J. Maloney; treasurer, Mr. H. Butcher; general committee, Messrs. Carney. Frank Dean, J. Young, A. 'o Collins, M. J. Maloney, and H. Butcher; Y match committee, W. Carney, H. Butcher, A. Edwards, and captain and vica-captain n e oficio. A vote of thanks to the chair man concluded the meeting. PROPOSED ALTERATION IN BILLS OF LADINo.--The European Mail of January 23rd says :-" It may interest merchants in ur the colonies to know that an influential do putation of shipowners have memorialised tht committee at Lloyd's to restore to all the hills of lading the old negligence u clause, making damage to cargo through carelessness of a ship's crew one of the ,i perils of the sea, ant as such covered by the ordinary policy of insurance. Our r- readers will not fail to note the impor ro tance of this application, as if it is acceded to it will virtually shut out the claims of I shippers and consignees for damaged cargo. No doubt there are occasions when shipowners are annoyed by vexatious de mands on this head. But then, again, well-attested complaints in respect to in le jury to millinery, books, drapery, hats, and s- such-like cargo, ought to be recognised. S, As a proof of the importance of this al question, we may add that tho committee is asked for time to consider it. To our view, Ic this is a matter upon which the committee should take counsel with their agents in al the colonies. n TuE New GOVERNOR OF NEv SOUTH to WALEs.-Lord Charles Robert Carrington 8 was born in 1813, and, therefore, is only in his forty-first year. He succeeded to the .y title of Baron Carringteon (which is an so Irish peerage, created in 1707) in the year e, 1863, and has since seen some official. ser e vice in connection with the Foreign 011ice. ;o Lord Carrington will leave England for d Sydney in November, FUNERAL OF THE LATE MRS. SESSLE. The funeral of the late Mrs. Sessle, wife of one of the New South Wales contingent, killed in the collision between the Nemesis and the troopship Iberia, took place at Sydney on Friday afternoon, and was largely attended. Many prominent citizens were present. A firm of solicitors communicated with the Government on Saturday, stating that the late Mrs. Sessle was entitled to a legacy of £8003, which now goes to her children, who have been placed under the care of Mr. and Mrs. to Rodgers, of Carlton-street, Summer Hills. t lINTERCOLONIAL ITEcs.--The Imperial d man-of-war Nelson may be expected in y Hobson's Bay from Sydney osq or about the a 16th inst. She is to undergo her usual a overhaul in the Alfred Graving Dock h during her stay,-The firm of George Robertson and Co., booksellers, etc., of s MeIlbourne, is to be wound up, and Mr. SGeorge Robertson is to re-purchase the if whole business, and run it again in his own 0 name. During the 15 months the business a has been carried on it has bean eminently . successful, but technical difflnoulties stood .y in the way of the company engaging iq c. certain lucrative lines of trade. hence the ' change. There is perfect unanimity among a the shareholders as to this step, and they s will not be in any degree losers, as they a will receive six per cent. interest for their it money.-News has been received from Napier that Mr. Alexander Struart (Premier or of New South Wales) is improving greatly in health. ie iu proceeding to the hot is Lake district, and will probably return to f Sydney in April. t TuE Von. Archdeacon ales being It obliged to go to IIobart for a few days, the y Thursday evening discussion class will be ii put off foy h's week. P" Tou annual mneting of landowners in e the road district of Longford, for the o election of trustees, will be held an Mon i day, April 13. e TENDEi are invited up to naoo of 15th y inst, for upplying the Committee of the r Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral d Association with a first-class luncheon at ir per head, and also tihe right of selling o refreshments in the show-yards and 'lTown m Park on the 25th; also tenders for a hand s of not less than twelveo performera, to play cr on the show ground during thie afternoon, d and in the Town Parkl in the evening, up n to the sameu dsato. Ir Vuisr con Hann TiaEs.-Stop specnd . Ilng somuch on fine clothes, rich food, and s. style. Buy good food, cheaper and better p clothing, and stop the habitof us Ing xpen n sive or qqack doslors,'or humbug medicine 'a that does you only harmn, but putyour trust g in thie greatest of all simple, pure remodioas, a op Jitters, that dure always at a tiifling r- cosut and you Will see better times anR good health, Read;. 