TAMAR HEADS. (from a correspondent.) A variety entertainment, given by the members of the Tamar Head Minstrels, was held here in the boat-shed on Thurs day evening, 30th July, the proceeds of which are in aid of Mr Brown, the owner of the id-fated cutter SeaBreeze, which was lost some two months ago off' Lighthouse Point on hor first cruise. Tbe entertain ment was a decided success all through, and I think that I am justified in saying that the audience went awav well pleased with the evening's enjoyment. Captain Croucher officiated as chairman, and carried out the duties in a satisfactory manner. The following was the pro gramme : — Overture, Tamar Heads Brass Band ; piauoforte solo, Mr A. Croucher, who for an encore played ' Sailor's Draara.' Song, 'Rest, warrior, rest,' Mr F. J. A. Huxtable. Song, ' I left Ireland only,' Mr H. F. Clarke ; encore, danced a hornpipe. Song, ' When a man's single,' Mr J. Long ; encore, sang ' Good evening.' Stump speech on ghosts, Mr A. Croucher. Song, ' Think of me sometimes,'' Mr W. A. Huxtable. Song, ' Moriarty,' Mr E. G. Brooke ; encore, sang ' Getting more like your dad every day.' Interval 10 minutes, which was filled up by Mr A. Croucher playin' two pianoforte solos. Part second opened with a scene from Pickwick, viz , ' 'Sam Wclier's Valentine, ' Messrs. Bradley and W. Huxtable. Song, 'Four-leaved Shamrock,' Mr W. Stevens ; encore, sang ' Kit, the Cobbler.' Eccentricities, Mr T. Bill. Irish character speech, Mr E. G. Brooke. Sang, Mr A. Stevens ; encore, sang last verse. Character song, ' 'Down on the Mississippi,'' Mr H. F. Clarke ; encore, sang 'Down among the coals.' March, Tamar Heads Bihss Band. Concluded with the farce, entitled 'Ebeneze.r Peter Sneezer,' by Messrs. E. G. Brooke and H. F. Clarke, which was very laughable and W6ll appreciated. The Chiir.iiaii, having -i-niik-d ihe audience for th ir attendant's 'tJod save the Queen' was piayd hy she band. The piano, which w;'i kiudly lent by ' 'aptain Croucher, helped to make the entertain ment a success. Great praise is to the Misses A. Long and E. iluxtable, who kindly played the accompaniments t» the various songs. The amount realised was £o, which is considered as very good. The room having been cleared, the light, j fantastic toe was indulged in for a few | hours. 