[?] The Intercolonial Match. By Censob. Ab we are almost on the eve of our annual intercolonial cricket match with Melbourne, it would not perhaps be un interesting to CTaminfi the form of our players and weigh the chwnoes we have of victory against our formidable Vic torian rivals. At flie outset it may be said the match at Melbourne on Boxing Day will be a curious one, as far as regards its representative character. Through change of residence, on the Victorian side will be found the arm of the 'demon' Spofforth, while that lusty smiter, M'Donnell, recently Victoria's premier batsman, will do battle for New South Wales. Burton, also lately from Victoria, will keep wickets for New South Wales. Mur doch is now a resident of Melbourne, and must, if he wishes to take part in the match, play for this colony. No one knows whether Bonnor belongs to Melbourne or Sydney, for he hovers between the two cities, with axji c isM&al; visit to a ©onntry district or to another colony, in order, it is thought, to mystify his friends. However, if the mam moth one yearns to please the multitude with his giant strokes, he must— thanks to the residential qualification recently agreed to between Victoria and New South Wales enrol Tiimsplf under the banner of this colony. The con fusion created in an intercolonial match played some years ago at] Melbourne, when Caffyn, Cosstick, and Hewitt, of Victoria, played the following year on the Now South Wales side, will be as nothing compared with the feeling experienced by a lover of these time-honoured contests when he witnesses the demoniacal grin ef Spofforth as he tears along towards the bowling crease, bent on the entire annihilation of his former compatriots, or M'Donnell knock ing the Victorian bowling all over the field. If either of these players is a prominent actor on the side that wins, exclamations will be, ' Spofforth won the match for Vic toria; he's a Sydney man.' 'M'Donnell gained the victory for New South Wales ; he's a Victorian.' It is really a great pity these migrations have taken place, for the representative character of the match is quite spoiled. To the lover of good cricket, however, the match is bound to be a treat, especially if the weather be propitious. If the good judges of the game in Sydney were asked to give .an opinion as to the chances of our men in the forth coming contest five out of six would say that our men had not ' the ghost of a show.' Some go as far as to say that if the Victorians win the toss and go in first our bowlers will not get rid of them under three days, and that the match will last a week. On paper the odds look greatly in favour of the Victorians, who have the three best b&wlere; in the world and the best wicket-keeper in the colonies on their side. Compare any three bowlers we have with Palmer* SpolTorth, and Bruce, and Burton with Blackham. Where the Victorians are particularly strong — namely, in the bowling and wicket-keeping— we are lamentably weak. A. glance at the following names, from which the final selec tion will be made, will disclose our weakness in the bowling department: — C. Bannennan, Burton, Davis, Evans, Ferris, Garrett, Hiddilstone, Jones, Marr, Mather, M'Donnell, D. Ogilvy, Turner, Murdoch, and Bonnor. Garrett is out of all form, and but for his batting would not find a place in the final eleven ; moreover, they know his bowling well at Melbourne. In the last match one wicket cost him 122 runs. Marr has also gone off, and of all those who have before bowled on the M. C. C. Ground Jones, in my opinion, is likely to be the most dangerous, for he sends down an ugly one occa sionally and varies - his pace with judgment. Evans will keep down the runs, but his deliveries are too well known by the principal Victorians to be feared. Nevertheless, he will stick to his work like a Trojan, and will bag a wicket or two by his pertinacious attack. Turner is the best of the tried club bowlers we have, and, being new to the Victorians, he will be difficult; but he cannot be ranked with the illustrious Victorian trio. Young Ferris is a neat bowler, and may puzzle many for a few overs, but the fine, hard, true turf will rob him of all his break, and he will then have to exercise his judgment, of which quality I think he has a fair stock. Ogilvy is a really good man, and I know of none of the new ones more likely to come off. He is very dodgy, and has that confidence in his own powers that commands success in a big engagement. Hiddilstone is another good and useful change, who is not often enongh tried in a big match, and, with his batting and splendid fielding, I would find him a place in the eleven ; for, with out plenty ofgood changes, our men will be hampered if the weather is fine. If we have not quality let us have quantity, and in that rests our only hope of success. Moreover, in supporting these numerous changes good fielding, especially on the Melbourne cricket-ground, is a tine qua mm. Agood field is always certain of saving 50 runs in a protracted match, whereas a good batsman who is a bad field is a positive loss to bis side if he fails to score. With the team selected ou its merits, there should be at least eight changes of bowling. All of them will have ample employment on those hard and smooth wickets at Melbourne. Of course it would be considered presumptuous on my part if I were to find fault with the choice made by our selector ; but at the risk of even being deemed impertinent, I will give my opinion, which may be taken for what it is worth. I will, by tray of preface, say of the selector that there is no better judge of cricket south of the line? or even in England, and there is no one more unbiassed ? but with the possession of these two qualities, it seems curious how C. Bannerman finds a place in the thirteen while Massie is excluded. If Massie never scored a single run in the match, his brilliant fielding qualities would make him more valuable to bis side than, if Bannerman scored 40 runs in each innings, which I do not think he will. The selector of teams, however, could not leave him out, because be has made a couple of scores of overa century this season. Either Motes or R. Allen, both of whom an left out, is better than G. Bannerman, notwithsiauding the tatter's improvement in batting. Allen is a better bats man, a better field, and is a change bowler. In the selec tion of Mather, of Singleton, the selector has aoted well in giving a most promising player a chance of distinction. That is how Evans was brought to light Mather is a brilliant field and a most useful batsman, but bis Northern friends will excuse me if I say he can't bow*a little bit. Of all our players of repute, Marr is in the worst form/and if he does not show considerable improvement he shendd be passed over. Davies and Jones are in grand batting form, but I feel sorry that so skilful a batsman as the former is should be so indifferent a field. Two bad fields like Daviet and C. Bannerman ate sufficient to ?demoralise any team, but Danes cannot be left out, for he is cm at oar most reliable batantn. Taking oar batting all through, /we ate week compared with Victoria. Mitannell isaot at bis best, though the invigorating air of Victoria nay restore his vigour. Bonnor has had no practice, Murdoch is growing pensi, Garrett is getting stale, Jones and Hiddilstone are both in fine trim, and Turner can bat better than many with better reputations. When it ball over we phail mim A. 'BwT'TUfT''*', who wfli not play^ Maasie, who has had no practice; and Murdoch, who has generally been a tower of .strength to us ontheM. C.C. ground. In every branch of the game die Victorians appear to surpassna. However, a game of cricket is never lost until it is won, so we most hope that the unexpected may happen, though I must confess the outlook for New South Wales is not very encouraging. 