ECHOES OF 'MELBOURNE ? ?-.,???.? FBy.Thb Ghobt.1 After -all there is|to bo no fighting. Whether the announcement that the Vic torian fleet had been sent to the Heads, and that Colonel Sargood was ready at a moment's, notice to take command, of the defence forces, caused the Muscovite to be more pacifically disposed, or the fact that the ' grand old man ceded to Russia, everything the arrogant Czar chose to demand, postponed the evil day when havoc will be cried and the dogs of war let loose, peace is now quite as assured as any thing can be in this world of ours, where the unforeseen is always happening. The lurid. clouds that have been hanging dark and ominous on England's foreign horizon in the directions of Russia, tho Soudan, and Afghanistan have suddenly cleared away, and once more, for a timo at all events (which interval Russia will doubt less turn to good account in completing her preparations for the inevitable struggle) tho British Government may proclaim that 'the Empire is peace.' A little more humble pie may have to bo eaten by England, but in regard to this article of diet— which may now rank with Britishers as a national dish, just as sauer kraut does with the Teuton, and the olla poilrida with the Spaniard — it is apparent that 'Zc appetit vient eii.mangeant.' Mr. . Gladstone is so used to humiliations and insults that a slight more or less docs not matter. .Strange how Englishmen have changed of late years ! It would really not- be a matter for mucli surprise were the Premier's Midlothian constituents to present the honourable gentleman with some appropriate mark of their esteem and approbation for the way lie has 'pro- served ' the honour of old England. 'Ihe gift for instance of a diamond- hilted wood man's axe would bo , appropriate, and would, moreover, serve the purnose of letting the British public soo that the .action of tho Czar in presenting the truculent Komaroff with a diamond .hUted sword as a memento ,of tho Ponjdh. 'incident' was fully appreciated by the nation over whose business — for their sins, doubtless — Mr. Gladstone now presides. The peaceful outlook has caused the Victorian authorities to stay their hands in pushing on the offensive and defensive works at the entrance to Port Phillip Bay. The 'busy hum of men' is no longer heard at Queonscliff . and the South Channel Fort, where the 'Government stroke' now- prevails. And if one may judge by what is now being done by the [Ministry, the conclusion might fairly be arrived at that these gentlemen are. not , quite assured of the safe line to adopt, for while with one hand they arrest the progress of the preparations to receive the enemy, mth the other they continue them. Calling on the old volunteer, force again to enrol is assuredly an 'extreme stop which .the imminence ,q£-. impending hostilities . alone could justify. [ Yet this, step was only .takenin.a;half-;heartedikirid of -way; for ^yrhen'-Jt real ljvo Iniperial - lieutenant ..tcoh}nel— not your shoddy colonial article — ? was sent to the various centres of popu lation to obtain- the -names of the' brave . heroes anxious; to defend their hearths and homes, the men Trho caino forward were ' i told that they were not to be at once sworn ? :in, -. but; would have, to wait until -it, was .seen what course events would take. The \wmen appealed to seemed themselves to feel ;;. that, to volunteer their services when' they ;were. not; at all likely to be required was somewhat of a farce. Had this feeling not -.^prevailed, twenty times the number of 'defenders' who presented themselves ~,would have come forward. : ? ..- . ! perhaps, too, the announcement of the v uniform the: reserve corpawas^to wear may, iihWrohad something to ? do in cooling the ^military , flame the (Jroverriment sought to ^iindlei 'A full suit of' 'dark brown djungaree' and a -v glengarry' bonnet, for ''?'which, ridiculous head gear was afterwards ; substituted 'a -broad- brimmed soft felt '?'. h'at, looped up on ; one side',' after the I; fashion of a pirate of Penzance or stage ?'first robber, is' hardly a oostum'o fitting -the wearer to 'court an aui'rous looking -glass.' printers beware! and don't make a'gqak!'of this Shakesperi'an quotation ? by 'setting' it as ' an ': amorous looking /lass.' And after all there is a great deal iin the ''appearance' of soldiers, as witness /the remarks of all the Generals ' and oColbriels'who have-reviewed the.NowSouth _ Wales contingent in the Soudan, and who 'have all invariably expatiated upon their ^'(appearance.' - The] truth; of the remark ,? of ,the JTrerich cynic, who telU us that .'wfomen are not what they are, but what ^jthe'y1 appear to be,' applies with equal i IS'uthjkp.. volunteers. . A^regiment ? of guys would be of as little ' use in the field as in ? 'the bowloir.' ' '' ' j '' ' -? ' ''-?' ? .- \ ji | Apropos of 'Volunteers, is-it in a spirit of |T^rony j that the,' Arab' has been'selected to ? i take bact the ;i;New South c Wales men to -r-.their hoiries ? ' Is it becauselthey saw so' Srltttle of:, the real Arab on' land, that it is /'deemed expedient ? to afford .them an op-1 1 portuinity of judging of the demeanour of the ' Arab' on the water, that this ship; ? has been chosen ? . . . : The Civil Service Commissioners have just completed the arduous task of hearing . the appeals of halfthe teachers in the colony ' against' their classification; and are about to commence listening to the reasons of . 700 dissatisfied ^Government . officers, who ' value themselves at a higher rate than ._that at which they have been 'appraised by ;ithe'olassifiers._ Evidently the^complaining jjones ihave not read Scotland's national 'poet, or do not possess the, gift of seeing themselves as others see them. Those wicked bakers have, been at it again. During the week some half score or -so]/- have been fined in Melbourne and the'? suburbs;, for mixing alum with their —loaves:- In connection with this subject a morning, journal — -the one of,, the three dailies' remarkable for 'its' .piety, its pru riency, and its general ,f atuitous dog ?imatism— informs the public thatthepre-j 'sence of alum in bread is ! easily detected' J''by- means' of a decoction of logwood;'' . : Perhaps this is so, but then it is not every! 'one who has on hand a supply of the 'best ''French claret,' ' or 'pure colonial red :jwine/'with which to carry out the chomiJ ;'cal experiment. ''?'?' '',' f ' | ?''* It will ho doubt be a source of melan-j ;Ichdly satisfaction to the public, or at least ? to' the; travelling portion of the liege sub ' jects of her Majesty, to learrithat the rail-' 1 Vray ? anibulance corps has been thoroughly ?'organised, and that irithe 'event of acol ;ilisioh;'6r smash;'. nearly every porter or -qgatekeeperon+the'line will be' in,a positio'n '?Jto treat 'their hurts in the: most approved ^surgical fashion. ' Supplies of spiintsj ^bandages/' and -tourniquets' 'are to be . ., kept' handy! at all stations; The same' Vamourit . of '' care1 and tiihe 'devoted to jteacliitig our railway offioialsh'ow to avoid ,the; necessity 'of the* existence of ; a St-j 'John's Ambulance' Eailway Corps, by ren | 'deririg 'the' necessity!, for ' the .' 'services' an! -impossibility'; would' perhaps*.'- have:' been] j more appreciated by travellers; ' ! ' '''.-''.'.' i ?^ ? Two divorce suits, Which; will' ;! entirely! : eclipse in the piquancy of 'their details the ^ stories ; told during the Malpds '?-; Mdlpas -.'case, are likely : ere long 'to ''occupy the! ?- attention of the Court.' Neither bf|the parties' 'who are/ to figurb- inth'e'1 witness box as ' plaintiffs,' belongs, 'exactly ;'tp! the 'upper! '.ten,' the''oh'$ being, the' wife -of a1 well- known' tradesman.' ? of'1. Geelbrig,! ?the' 'other.' complainant a1 .civil- ser-| 'vaht ?' in the saiiie: arcadian locality .- ; The' 'first seeks a' dissolution- of : tnej ?nuptial-tie oil the' grounds 'of ? Oruelty audi ' desertion ' by' her1 liege lord ; ' the1 other; ?desires to get rid of his- better half fo'r the; -good and 'sufficient 'raasbn' 'that the/lady] :loyes not -only wisely and' too well, but too; ? -often and too/'many into the bargairi; At .'all-events he' is determined to have plentyj 'of; strings to -his legal bow; for it is saidj 'tbere.'aredt the' very least a dozen gentle-; _ ' ' ' {iheri'who will-be plaoed in' the position of' ??cd-resporiderits. Whatever' 'wisdom, there' may 'be ? in the multitudp- of- councillors,! '-there'iseyidently none in a hbat of lovers.' ?'?';Twp ladies were expatiating a few days; ?since '.on ,the; beauties' of. that almost un-.: ?known- watering place — L'brnel Said the! Vonei1^' I always stay at the Pacific Hotel; ^there's always such1 fun there iri-the evien-j 3ing.' J- Said the^other1, evidently a .budding! 'asthetej'' 'I generally patronise Mount-1 ?joy's; ,it'sclo3erto thesea, and in the early' finotning one 'can inhale such delightful, -'draughts of pure ozone.', '' Well,' replied, ?the- first speaker, 'I always thought the; ?place was Btrictly teetotal/'1, '! ' ; uo'May'21v ?' ?? ; ??'?' ?'?' :.';'.' '''' '-?'??? 