TALES AND SKETCHES. ' WYLLARR'S WEIRD.' ' A NEW NOVEL : BY MISS M. E. lilt ADD ON, Avtjior op " Laby Audrey's Secrei-," "Isiulakl," &o.; , CiiArnni XXI. — (Continued.) «» Aud now tell mo how you corno to know . ilmt Georges remained in l'aris after the murder? Did vou'evcr see liim?" " Yes, Monsieur. It is rather a longstorv. . If I were uotnfrnid of tiring you " Madame lcroux begun deprccatingly. 1 " You will not t ire me. I want to hear every detail, however insignificant." " Then, Monsieur, you must know that in couscqiicnco of Madnmo's kindness and of the lavish generosity of Monsieur Georges, and also by reason of a good many gifts from Monsieur dc Maucrdix, who throw about his money with ' lull hands, I was very comfortably off at tlio time of Mndamo's sad death. I had buried my Cr dead mother two years heforo, and I had n ahlo: to savo almost every penny of my " wages.' ' I- felt, therefore, independent of ser vice. Tlio' term would havo to ho paid hy Madame /Lemarquo, who inherited all her daughter's properly, and as sho had a horror of the rooms in which her poor daughter had lived, and could hot hear to he uloua in them for an honr, she asked 111c to slay till the end of the quarter; Then, ns I told you, people came in crowds to sco the rooms, mid as I had power to show them,, or to refuse to show them, just us I pleased, 1 need not tell you that I inado a good ileal of . money in this way. I did not make a trado of showing the rooms, Monsicuiyl never asked anyone for money, but on tlio oilier hand 1 did hot refuse it when it was offered to me. This continued for soino weeks; then came Ike Enlo." .'All tlio handsoiuo articles of fiirni- ' turoj all "tho pictures ami ornaments fetched high.prices; Tlioy were bought hy fashionable peoplons souvenirs of tlio beautiful Mario l'revo.' But tlio plainer furniture, tho things which'my liiistrcss had paid tor out of her own earnings, .were sold for very liltlo, and these I bought; , I had conferred with tlio landlord; an ho had agreed to retain mo as his tenant. With ; tlio furniture which I bought at tho sale, and with other.' things which I picked up cheaply Among tlio second hand dealers, I contrived to mako (hp rooms very comfortahlo as furnished lodgings, ' and from that timo to this I liavo carried them on with rensouahlo profit. Three years later I was ahlo to tuko tho fourth floor, yd. two years after that, on tho second floor falling vacant, I ventured to become tenant for that also. Thoro remains only tho first floor, which is' let to an old lady of ninety, and if 1 rovidenco prospers Lcroux and mo wo ought to be able to take to tho first floor by tho time the old lady dies." - " You will then bo lessees of tho wholo house ; a bold speculation, Madamo, hut one ty special arrangements ivltli the author au rigMa reserved. whioli with yenr prudent habits will doubtless succeed, lint to roturn to tliis man, Georges, whom yon saw in Paris after tho murder." " I was accustomed to go ovory week to the Cemetery of Pcro Locliaisc, Monsieur, to look at my dear mistress's grave, and to lay my kmiiblo offering of flowers upon tho plain marble slab which had been placed there at Madame Lcmarquo's expense. It boro for in scription only tho ono word — Marie. Madamo Lemarquo dared not dcscribo her daughter as a wife — sho would not record her name as a spinster. Mario was enough. For the first month after her burial I found tho slab covered with flowers, wreaths, crosses, bouquets of the costliest flowers that can ho bought in Paris. I noticed that among tlio Taricty of flowers thoro was ono wreath frequently renewed, nrnl always tlio same — a wreath of Marcclial Kiel roses — and I knew that theso had been her favorite flowers, tho flowers sho always wore, oml had about, her in her rooms. I had often heard her call tlio Mnrochal Nicl tho king of roscB. Months passed, and on my weekly visit with my poor little hunch of violets, or snow drops, or jonquils, I found nlways the wreath of yellow roses. All through the winter, when all other tokens had ceased to adorn tho grave — when tho beautiful actress was boginning to be forgotten — tho yellow roses woro always ro nowed. I felt that this could ho dono only by someono who had devotedly loved her who lay under that marhlo slab. For her admirers of the theatre her death had been a nine days' wonder. They had loaded her gravo with flowers in the first enthusiasm of their regret, and then had gone away and forgotten nil about licr, but tho wreath of yellow roses, renewed again and again, nil through the long dead win ter, was tho gift of a steadfast love, a grief which did not diminish with time. I questioned the people at the gates, but they knew nothing of the mysterious hand which laid those flowers oil my mistress's grave. I hoped I should some day surprise the visitor who brought them ; but nlthough I altered the days of my visits, never going two weeks rauniug on the Eame day, I seemed no nearer finding out that mys terious mourner, At last, early iu tho February after my mistress's death, I resolved upon going fo the cemetery every day ; and 'remaining ihorc, in view of tho grave, as long ns niv slock of patience would allow me. I spent tlireo or four hours llicro for six days running, till ray heart and my feet were aliko weary. But I hail secii no one ; the roses had not been renewed. Tho soventh day was a Saturday, the day which I nlways devoted to cleaning tho. apartment, which was now in the occupation of an elderly gentleman and his wife. I was not ahlo to leavo the house till lato in tho afternoon. The day had been foggy, and tho fog had thick ened l»y the time 1 left the omnibus, which took mo to tlio Hue do hi Boqucttc. At the gales of; tlio cemetery it was so dark that if I hail not been familiar with the paths whieh'led to my mistress's gravo I should hardly have been able to find my way to tlio spot. The gravo iB in a narrow side path, midwuy between two of tho principal walks ; mid as I turned the corner between two large and lofty monuments I saw a man standing in tho middle of tlio path in front of Marie Prifvol's gravo A tall figure, in a furred overcoat, a figuro I know well. 1 had not an instant's donbt that the murderer of iny mistress stood there before me, looking at ilia victim's grave." 1 ' Did you accost him ?" " Alas, no. lie was not more than a dozen yards from tho spot where I stood, aiid I quickened my footsteps intending to speak to him ; hut at tho sound of thoso footsteps he looked round, saw a figuro approaching through tho fog and hurried 'off in tho opposite direc tion. I ran after liim, but he had reached the oilier end of the path boforo I could overtake liim, and when I got there it was in vain that I looked for any trace of liim cither right . of; left of the pathway, lie had ' disappeared in the fog, which was thicker atlhis end of the path, ns. it was on lower ground. My mistress's gravo was on tho slops of the hill, and the fog was less dense. " I went hack to tho grave and looked at the flowers on tho slab. A wreath of yellow roses, fresh from ilie hothouse where they had been grown, lay 011 tho marble, surrounding that 011c word ' Marie.'" " Are you sure that the man you saw was Georges?" Perfectly suro. I know his figure; I know his walk. X could not ho mistaken in liim. And who else was there in Paris who would como week after week, in all weathers, to lay tho roses iny mistress loved upon her grave. Many lind ndmircd her on the stage, but only two men had been allowed to lovelier, to know. anything of her in her private life. Of thoso two ono was the muruorcd man, Monsieur do Maucroix ; tlio other was tho murderer, Georges." " Did you find tlio flowers renewed uftcr Ibis day, or did tho murderer tako alunn and forego his tributo to tho dead ?" " The roses were ronowed wcelc after week for more than a year after that foggy Saturday afternoon ; but I novcr again saw the person who laid them thcro. I had, indeed, no desire to see him acorn. I had satisfied invself ns to his identity, I did not want to betray liim to the police. The shedding of his blood might have avenged my dear mistress's death, hut it could not havo restored her to life. It could havo been 110 consolation to her. in purgatory to know that this niau, whom sho had once loved, who had loved her only too well,- was to dio on tho scaffold for her sake. I hated him as the murderer of my mistress, but 1 pitied him even in tho midst of my hatred. I pitied him for tho reality of his love." " «« You say tho flowers appeared 011 tho gravo for more than a year after that February after noon?" snidllcathcoto. "Did the tributo full off gradually? Was tho wreath' ronowed at longer and longer intervals till it ceased alto gether, or did tho offering slop suddenly?" " Suddenly. In tho March of tlio second year after Mndamo's dentil I found a faded wreath on my weekly visit, and that faded wreath lias never been replaced." " That would ho in March, 1874 ?" ' Yes, monsieur." ; " You never saw Georges again, either in tho cemetery or anywhere else ?" - ' Never, monsieur." " I havo been told that', lio was a French Caundian. Have you any knowledgo ns' to his country or his family history ?" _ " None, monsieur. I always supposed him to bo a Frenchman. I never heard nim spcak in' any other language. r" Did ho speak like a Parisian?" _ " No, monsieur. "He did hot speak exactly like the people about here, or the actoirs at tho Porto Saint Martin, I used to think that ho was a provincial." ' " Did yon hear from your mistress what part ol, England sho hod visited ?" " I heard, monsieur, hut have forgotten. Tlio names of places were strange to mo — sncli queer names — but I knew it was n place in which there were lakes and mountains," "Was it in Scotland or Ireland?" " No, monsieur, it was in England. I am sine of that. And now, if monsieur would like to soo the third floor," Hcathcotc said he was most anxious to do so, and lie followed Madame Lcroux up stairs, to a landing out of which the door of the apartment opcucd. The rooms wcro small and low, but well lighted, aud with a balcony looking out on the street. The littlo salon was neatly fur nished, with those very chairs and tables which Mario I'rdvol had bought nut of her first economics as an actress. The things were meagre and shabby after the wear and tear of years, but tho perfect neatness and cleanliness of everything made amends. Borbo Lcroux was ono of thoso adniirnhlo managers who by sheer industry and good taste can make much out of littlo. Thoro was a tiny dining room opening out of tho salon, with a window overlooking chimneys and hacks of houses, and this window had been filled with painted glass in the time of Monsieur Gcovges. All the oilier elegances and luxuries with which ho had embellished tho cosy little rooms had been disposed of at the sale of Mario Pnfvol's effects. Thcro had been Venetian mir rors and girandoles on tho walls of the dining- room, Barlio explained. . " Madame used to light all Ilie wax candles when she came in from tlio Uicatro. There wcro candles on tho supper table with rose colored shades. Thcro wcro fruit and flowers nlways. Everything was mado to look pretty in honor of Monsieur Georges— and there had to bo some delicnto littlo dish for supper, and choicest wino. Monsieur was not a man who oared much what ho cat or drank ; hut Madamo wished that everything should ho nicely ar ranged, that the supper table should look ns inviting as at the Cafe dc Paris or ut the Maison d'Or." The bedroom opened out of the salon There was a dressing rdom between that, aud tho little back room iu which Barbo had slept, when sho was in Mademoiselle I'rdvol's service. Oil her occasional visits Leoiiic Lcniorquc had occupied u truckle bed in Bnrho's room. " IIow. was it that Luouio Lemarquo in all her visits never happened to see Monsieur Georges," inquired Hcathcote; when lie had looked at all tlio rooms, peopling them in his imagination with tho figures of the lovely ac tress and her lover. " Madame took good caro lo prevent that. Sho told mo that Monsieur Georges linted chil dren, and tlmt the little one was to be kept out of his way." "Did lie never spend his mornings hero? Was ho only hero at night ?" " Only at night. It was for that reason Madame Lemarquo nsed to call him the night bird. I think tlio was angry because she was never allowed to sec liim — never invited to sup per. Monsieur Georges used to lake a cup of coffee early iu Ilie morning, and left the house before most people were up. As early ns iivo o'clock iu summer, never later than half-past six iu winter." CiiArxKiiXXlI. — Wedding Garments. Hilda's presence at Pemnorvnl was full ol comfort aud solace for Dora Wyllard, Sho had known Dora all her life, had seen her grow from childhood to womanhood, had loved licr with n sisterly love, f rusting her ns sho trusted 110 one else. < Hilda had been only a chihl at the time of Dora's engagement to Edward Hcathcote, yet, even at eleven years of ago, Hilda's tender heart had been full of sympathy for her brother when that engngemdiit was broken off, aud wlieu Dora- uecuino me who ot anotnermnn. She had been angry, with vehement, childish auger. That Dorn'shonld like any man better than liim who, iu iho fond eyes of the younger sister, seemed the priuco and pattern ot lino gentlemen ! That Dora could, like Hamlet's widow, turn from Hyperion to a Satyr. Hilda at eleven was precocious iu her know ledge of books, mid very self opinionated in her judgment of pooplo. Sho iold her brother she would never speak to Dora again, that sho would run a mile to avoid- oven seeing licr : mid then, a few mouths after Dora's marriage, find ing that her brother had forgiven tlmt 'great wrong with all his heart, Hilda melted one day suddenly, at meeting Mrs. Wyllard on tho moor, and fell into her old friend's arms. " I havo tried to lmte yon for being 60 wicked to my brother," she sobbed as Dora bent over her and kissed her. ... "Your. brother forgave ino nyear ago, Hilda," said Dora. ' Why should you' be k\>s generous than ho?" "Because I lovo -liim better than I10 loves himself," cried Hilda, in her vehement way ; " because I know his value better than ho docs. Oh, Dorn, how could you like auyono else better than Edward ?" " You must not ask mo that, my darliug. Those things cannot be cxi>laiucd. 1'atc willed it so." " And I suppose you are very happy in your grand liouso ? said Hilda, suddenly. " I am very happy with tlio husband I lovo, Hilda. Tho grand house makes no difference. And now wo aro going io he good friends, aren't wo, dear, and we are never going to talk of tho past. How you have growu, Hilda 1" " Out of. all my frocks," answered Hilda, glancing contemptuously at her auklcs. " It is perfectly degrading uover to, lmvc a frock long enough for one — aud never io havo one's waist in tho right pliico. Tho dress maker says I havo no waist yet. Dress makers aro so insult ing to girls of my ago. - 1 think I shall positively trample upon my dress maker when 1 mil grown up, to revenge mysolf for all I havo suffered from the tribe." " My Hilda, what an old fashioned puss you havo grown." "How can I help being old fashioned? I novcr sco any young pooplo. Edward novor comes to tho Spaniards now. Yon have driven him away," ' " Hilda, if wo aro to ho friends " " Weil, I won't say it again ; hut you havo, you know. It is awfully dull at home. I sup- poso I may say that?" "I hear yon havo a new governess. I hope you liko licr?" " You needn't hopo that, for you know girls never do. Sho is a poor sheep of a thing, and I don't snpiiosollmto her quite so much as some girls liato their governesses. But sho is dread fully dreary. Sho makes her own gowns, and of an evening her needle goes stitch, stitch, stitch, in timo to the ticking of tho clock, while I practieo my scales. I don't know which I linto most, tho clock, or tlio piano, or tlio needle.". "Poor Hilda, yon must spend half your time with mo iu the future. I shall call to-morrow and ask your father's permission to have you at Penmorval as often as I liko." " Ho won't refuse, if there's any consistency in. him," replied Hilda, "for ho is always grumbling about ilie noise I make, and about my sliding down tho banisters. How did I10 ;o downstairs, I wonder, at my ago ? Thoso iroad banisters at tlio Spaniards must havo boon made for sliding. But fathers aro so in consistent," concluded Hilda. "I shouldn't wonder if I10 wouldn't rather have 1110 and my noise at home than allow me to bo happy at Penmorval." y Let us hope lliat lie will he reasonable," said Dora, smiling, "even though he is a father." Mrs. W yllard called at Iho Spnninrds next day, nud was not too graciously received hy Mr. Hcathcote — old Squire Heatlicote, as ho was called in that part of tho world He was a testy invalid, a sufferer from some clironic complaint so ohscuro iu its complications as to seem only nn excuse for ill temper — and he had not for given Dora for jilting his son. He softened gradually, however, melted hy the sweolnoss of her manner, and hy memories of days that were gone, when he had admired licr mother, and had been ruthlessly cut out by her father. The eyes that looked at him seemed to he tho eyes that I10 had loved in his youth. " If yon caro to he troubled with Iho girl I ought to be grateful for any kindness which you' may show_hor,"' said tho squire. "She mokes more noiso than a regiment, and Bhc is always .disobeying her governess, or neglecting her lessons, and then I am called upon to inter fere.' I wouldn't mind if thoy would fight it out between them mid leave mo in pcaco. " You shall bo left in pcaco very oflen, if you will allow 1110 to havo Hilda for my little companion at Penmorval," said Dora. " And 1 promise you that her education shall not he altogether neglected while she is with me." "If you can teach her manucrs 1 shall bo eternally your debtor," said the squire. "I would much rather a young wouiap should know how to behave herself in society than sho .should' read TEschylns or square the.circlo." Thus ik came about that Hilda spent a great deal of. licr life at Penmorval, where the slicep- liko governess Icscortcd . her, or whence she fetched her ivilh unfailing patience, grateful exceedingly. when she was rewarded with a cup of tea in Mrs. Wyllard's pretty drav. iiigrooin, or in tho yew-tree arbor. And thus . in Hie seven happy years of Dora Wvllm-d's married life— licr apprenticeship, ns she had called it playfully last June, wlieu the anniversary of lier marriage came round — Hilda lind been licr. chief companion. The girl had grown up ut her side ns a younger sister, and hud been a link between Dora and Edward, albeit Uieso two saw each other but seldom, for Edward's homo had been in tho neighborhood of Plymouth until within the last two yenrs. The old squire' did not long survive that in terview in which he complained of his young daughter's hoydeuish manners, lie did nof live to see tlio' hoyden soften into a graceful, modest girl, reserved and silent among stran gers, full, of vivacity amoug thoso sho loved. His elder son succeeded him m ilie possession of The Spauiards, a bachelor aud ail enthusiastic sportsinau. Ho was ono of those ideal brothers withwliom.a sister ean do just what she likes, and 1 under his regime Hilda learnt to ride io hounds, i mid contrived lo enjoy herself as much ns any i girl in Cornwall. She mourned him pns- 1 sionnlcly when he was snatched away in the flower of his 'manhood, victim to a severe cold caught during a fishing tour in Conncinura. Edward's rulo was almost as kind, hut not quite so easy. He hud narrower ideas about the rights of young Indies, "especially in relation to the hunting field. s " When I hunt yon can go with me," he Enid, "hut. I will not havo you flourishing about tho country with no one hut a groom to look after'you," aud this narrower rule deprived Hilda of many a day's sport. Courtney, the elder brother, had" never missed a day with fox hounds or harriers, and he hud allowed his sister Iho ran of his stables aud much latitude in aU things. Wliilo Hilda' was growing up under Mrs. Wyllard's wing, wliiio Edward llcatlicoto changed from -bachelor to married man, and ilion to widower, Bothwcll Grnhamo was serving his Queen and his country iu tho far East, lie could just remember having seen Hilda once as a child. Ho camo hack to Cornwall to find her a woman, or a girl en tho verge of woman hood, and it was not long beforo lio grow to believe in her as tlio very perfection of girlhood and womanhood in one — girlhood when she was gay, aud in her more serious moods altogether womanly. I11 theso darker days, under that heavy cloud which had fallen upon Dora Wyllard's life, Hilda's presence was an incstimablo blessing. Dora was ahlo to put aside tho thought of her own great" sorrow every now and then, while slio entered with all licr heart into tho lifo of her young friend — this fresh young lifo, so full of hope 111 tho fntnro, of earnest purposo and sweet humility. If a king had stooped from his throne to woo her, Hilda could not lrnvo been prouder of her royal lover than sho was of Both- well. Sho spoke of him as of oue wholiouored her by his affection, and sho seemed full of tearfulness lest she should not ho good enough for licr hero. It never occurred to licr (hat it was Botliwell who ought to bo thankful, that it was ho who had won tlio prize. Thcro was a sweet self-abnegation 111 lliis girlish lovo which touched Dora deeply, site being all unconscious of her unselfish worship of her husband, hor. own surroudcr to tho lover who stole her from her betrothed. Hilda was very fearful of intruding her new joys and hopes upon hor.fricnd's sorrow. " I ought not to chatter about our prospects, Dora, when you aro so weighed down with care," slio saiu, apologotically. But Dora insisted upon hearing all about tlia now homo which was to l>o made out of tho old cottago. Sho insisted upon discussing tlio trousseau. and the linen closet, glass nud china, and even hardware ; albeit her own lines had fallen in a mansion where nil tlicso things aro provided on a lavish senlo, and left to tho caro of a housekeeper, to' ho destroyed and ronowed periodically, for the benefit of old established tradesmen, " You never had a linen closet to look after, Dorn," said Hildn, pitying her friend. "That is tho worst of being so rich, Tliero is no individuality in your homo lifo. I mean to bo n regular Dutch housewife, nud to keep count of every table cloth in my stock. I shall mako and mark and mend all Ilie house linen, and I shall bo much prouder of my linen closet than of my gowns nud honncls. And iho cbici closet, Dora, ought not that lo ho lovely ? Oni can got such delicious glass and' china nowa days for so little money. I havo looked at the Plymouth china shops, and longed fo buy the tlimgs, beforo I was engaged ; hut now I can buy all tlio glass and china for our house — I have saved enough money out of my allowance to pay for nil wo wunt in that way." " What an independent young person yon are, Hilda!" said her friend, laughing at hcr "but you must not spend nil your money on cups nnd saucers " "And teapots!" interjected Hilda, "such sweet little china teapots. I will have one for every day in the week." " Teapots aro all very well, but you will havo your trousseau to buy. You must keep some money for frocks." "I havo no end of frocks; nioro . than enough," protested Hilda. " X shall buy jusi two gowns — my wedding gown and a tailor gown for riding outside coacbes in tlio honey, moon. Bothwcll proposes that wo should go round the south coast ns far ns the Start, and then across country to Hnrtlond nnd homo l)y Budo. That is to he our honeymoon tour." " Very nice, and very inexpensive, dearest. And thon you are lo como hero and live till your new homo is ready ?" "I am afraid we shnll ho very much in your way." " You will ho a comfort lo me, Hildn; both you nnd Bothwcll will be a help and comfort to mo." Hilda spent her oveniugs for tho most part iu the invuhd's room. Her sympathetic nature made it easy for licr to adapt herself to tho necessities of a sick room. She could he very quiet, and yet slio could lio bright and gay. She could be cheerful without being noisy. She sang with exqnisito taste, nnd sang iho songs which aro delightful lo all hearers — songs that appeal to the heart and soothe the senses. Julian Wyllard was particularly fond of her German luiUnds — Schubert, Mendelssohn, Jen- son, old Volks-Lieder ; hut onco when she began a little French song, Si tu snvnis, lio stopped her with n painful motion of Ms dis torted hand. " Not that, Hilda. I detest tliat song," aud for the first time Hilda doubted tho cxcel'encu of his judgment. " X wonder you dislike it," she began'. " Oh, tlio thing is pretty enough ; but it liar been so vulgarised. All tlio organs were grind ing it when I lived in Paris." " Aud those organs disturbed you at your work sometimes, perhaps," said Dora, seated 111 her accustomed place beside his pillow, ready to adjust his rcnding-lamp, io give liim a new book, or to discuss any passage he showed iier. He read immensely in (hose long hours of enforced captivity, hut his reading hail been chiefly 011 ono particular line. Ho was reading flic mctapliysicans, from Pinto nnd Aristotle to Schopenhauer ami llartmnnn, trying to find comfort for tho anguish of his own individual position in tho universal despondency of the modern school of philosophy. " Annul chained to n sick lied ought to bo- able to console himself with the idea that tho great world around him is only an idea of his own brain, and yet oven when convinced ot the unreality of ail things thcro remains this ono central point in the universe, the sense ofiujiv:- ; dual pain. Such a belief might reconcile tho . sufferer to the idea of suicide, hut hardly to I the idea of lifo. All, my Dora, if you aro only a phantasm, you are tho sweetest ghost that ever a man's brain invented to haunt and bless . his life." "Don't you think you might read inori interesting hooks while you are ill, Julian ?" suggested his wife. " No, dear. Theso books aro best, for tiiey set me thinking upon abstract questions-, and hinder me from brooding upon my own misery. What could Dora say lo liim by way of com fort, kuow-ing too well that this misery of bis was without hope ou earth ; knowing that this lmrdcn of pain which had fallen to liim must bo carried to the very end ; tlmt day by day and hour by houv the gradual progress of decay must go on ; no pause, 110 respite, decay so slow a; ;o bo almost imperceptible, save on looking back at what had been. " Thnnk God tho brain is untouched," said Julian Wyllard, when his wife pitied him in his hour of pain. " I should hot havo cared tosink into imhcciliiy, to have only a dull, vaguo scuso of my own individuality, liko a vegetable in pain. I am very thankful that Spencer assures mo tho brain is sound, and is likely to oullast- this crippled frame. 