A STRANGE RESCUE.. BY B S. B. The sun was cinking behind a mass of battlemeited clouds as Eph Warren toiled up the steep hill, on the summit of which stood the ruins of the old mansion. The reflection of the brazen clouds lit up the single, ivy-grown tower, the crumbling walls, and he rooftless cham bers of the ruin. Folk held stoutly that Mluelenowe Grange. was haunted, and hardy was the wight who ventured after nlightfall up the steep and stony path that led to it. Lights had been seen glancion from it by .several belated peasants who had wandered into its preeincts, and , more than one had vouched that they had headn screams, as of SOle one possessed,. iesuiug front its recesses, and the thrifty Scotch neighbours whispered to each oither, with bated breath : ' The place is no canny. Nan mortal hand was at the biggitng o't, and nar mortal eeo suld see its downfall. But Eph Warren was a hardy young American traveller, who was striving by dint of seeing many lands and watching many wonders, to. crush a melauncholy that had seized upon his life. One year back lie had met NellioFother( ingay. Troth was plighted between them, sutd Eph was amongst the happiest' in the land, when camne the terrible intelligence that had blighted Ins life. Miss Fotheritgay, wealthy, highly ac. complished and 'beautifUl, committed sui: cide. Her body was found Iloating in the East River so disfirýed' tv deeap!E d-tl?'e r.i t s €--l' ae-`z, eut it the w.'aters that it 'oas only identified!' by:. some family jewellery, and a letter,encased in a seal akin pouch. for preservation, which de clared the writer's intention of ending a life that lhad becomen hateful to her, So Eph was on his travels, carrying into distant lands a heavy but a stout heart. As he toiled up the road Ise fancied he saw a light moving it some distant corner of the ruinst. II stopped, concealed by the stunted and gnarled trunk of a syca mtore tree. 'It is some reflection of the clouds,' he aoid to himself, ' shining on the window pane.' And he was about to proceed, when a sound issued from the ruins thati bold as he was, called the blood from his cheek, and seemed to stop for an instant the beating of his heart. It was a girl's voice, wonderfullJ sweet, but faint, and sounding as if it camne from a great distance otti. Was lie dreaming 1 Or was it true that tihe spirits of the dead came back t6 earth to give messages front another world to the loved ones in this Still the sweet,' faint spirit-voice sang, whilethe soul of Eph Warren sped b.ek to the long, mellow moonlight nights, when he sat in a dream of bliss, with his darling on the porch, amid the clambering honeysuckle, or drifted idly in his boat down the waters of the Hudson, while site sang in her low, sweet voice, these very words: 'Thle stars are watching; the winds are playing; They see tme kneeling, they see me praying ; They hear ome still through the long night saying, My love, I love you i Ilove you ! ' With the burning beating, the inward hushing, Ever and ever in music gushing. Like mystic tones from the sea-shell rushing, Oh thus I love you! I lovoe you ! The very tune lihe had himself adapted from 'an old Hungarian ballad. he ..had suthlit in his wanderings, and now, on this, tare Seott4,s hill, te hoid heard it'oa in, ai.thte voiceethat finhrl o':oftens thrille IiT: heat ~iith'ispturi, iaid'Which ho" believed ivis still forever..... 'j 'Am I mad l' he murmured to himself ; 'or has th grave given up its lead, to tell me the secret motive of the fearful' act that cut off a life so full of love and happi nessl' 'There was again a dead stillness about Ihim. The shadows were deepening steadily, and he now distinctly' saw a light burningin one part of the ruins. Tile night-winds were rising, and a faint star shone out, twinkling reflected on the bosom of the river below. The air began slowly to be filled with the mysterious sounds that awake in all solitudes of the iight - whisperings, stealthy footfalls, rnstlingsas of shadowy garments trailed through the gatherinog darkness.' '1 will know what it is,' said Eph War ren, toiling upward toward the light 'If it is mny dear, dead darling, she can only mean me well. I have nothing to fear cow-for, God help me, I have nothing to love. He walked steadily and firmly, but with instinctive caution; and as he ad vanced, he saw the 'light larger 'and more distinctly. It came from the window, surrounded and hidden by heavy masses of creepers. He could make out that this part of the ruin either had not fallen into the decay of the rest, or had been lately buttressed and improved. He stole up to tihe window, and looked in on a sight that almost made his heart stand still again. Seatedl in alr o clir, her head thrown listlessly back, was his betrothed-Nellie Fotheringay herself, it the flesh. but sadly failed, nud looking almost like a corpse. Opposite to her stood a coarsne featured, larga woman,regarding hier with a stern glasce. A middle-aged 'tman, elegantly dressed, stood' beside this ronan. WYarren could see hIis face, and could trace .it the features a slight re semblance to Miss Fotheringaa, but the expression was one of cruelty and cunn ing. The roomt was elegantly fiurnished, and through an open door another room could be seen, similarly furnished. The doors :ere secured.with heavy chlains asd locks, snd the windows were protectedl by thick .huttes·~'·rThatO at which -Parren; now itood, had ' lsdently ziot been yet fastenied. Jii the tumult of his surpriso ahd joy, hs had great difficultysin repressing a cry but he restrained himself, for the man began to speak. ' Hiece,' he said, in a harshvoice,' this place is becoming suspected, and you must be removed to the Continent. I will place you in an asylum in Italy.' 'You know I am aoc mad, uncle; although you have done everything in your power to make me so. I will notgo to Italy with you.' : iThe man laughed. 'Not mad i Of course you are not moad! But who will believe you ? who will 'care to interfere between an uncle anol hiis crazy niece, whom he was tbiking to a soft zlimate for the benefit 'of her healthl, and to a proper asylum for her greatbir mental improvement?' SYou'will not be troubledr with me long uncle. Let me die here in perce, and pour title to the property will be secure. lut if you hope for mercy for the crime 3asu are 'committing, ha)ie mercy on me, and let nly lover, who was good and true to me, know that I have not diid the horrible death of a suicide.' ' Uhlph i I should have sqmna plisig, whey-faced boy, as I' presuinm this lover af yours is, dogging me everywhere, and ehiing out to know what has become of bis darling. No--you must come with Ine to Italy, young lady; you are ine of -hose quiet people sho do not die easily. I confess the efforts of our good Mr. Saunders here and my own, would have norried you into your grave: but you sang on like a cat. The certificateofthe doctors--and it cost me too much not to put it to use--is imade out in'your suasmed name. Everybody believes you lend, and there irno help for you. Do 2ot try to fight me.' ' I will light you to the end, you villain! Oh, that such a wretch should be nmy father's brother l You must be ready in an hour, my good young lady.' I will do nolthing.l'.said the victim firmly. The- uncle made an imperceptible motion with his head, towards .Mrs. Saunders. Tihe woman sprang on the poor girl and seized both her armst in a strong grip, while the uncle, holding a pair of hlud cuffs, advanced on her. Miss Fotheriugay uttered a piercing shriek, which had not died away when the window was shivered to atom, and a young giant, with blazing eyes and a shout like a trumpet call, leaped into the room, and stood between niece and unecle The latter, with lightnting rapidity, dropped the hald-culff. and dra.wing i pistol, discharged it at his antt.onmist. But Warren was s quick. Host?ppeol aside, and Mrs. Saunders, who hiad con tinned to hold the young lady's arms in a iron grasp, uttered a loud cry, and fell bleeling on the floor. Then the two closed. The otiocreatt found the had no puling, whey-faced boy to deal with, but a strong maon, animated with a fie:ce thirst for vetgeaauce. But he was a hardy villain. The two grappled, and twisted, and swayed, and at length fell on the carpeted floor. Neither uttered a sound but a fierce snarl, as of two beasts in mortal comtbat. They rolled over the floor, striking each other strong and rapid blows with one hand, while the other tirmly clutched the enemy. As one for an instant gained the upper hand and strove to rise, he was dra;.gged down, and still the cruel blows were mrined upon each other till the faces of both were covered with blood. At length Warren obtained a grasp on his enemy's throat. The latter felt that he was lost. He struck furiously agatin ad again at the fierce eyes glaring down upon hIim : but Warren..never relaxed his hold for nn instant. The wretch felt himself choking. BHe placed his baud in his bosoom. Through a bloody mist, Warren saw something gleam at his breast. ion struck at it and a loud explosion followed. The uncle of Nellie Fotherigay gave a deep groan, and then lay perfectly still, clutching the weapon that he hlad aimed at another's life, but had ended his own. W'arren caught up the light formt of Iis betrothed, and unloeking the door, stepped out into the starlight. As lie went swiftly and lightly down the hill, the motion and the fresh air re called his darling from the swoon into which she had fallen. Site wreathed her artms closely about his neck; she kissed his bleeding face again andt again. 'Oh, my darling! my darling! that hideous dream is over. God sentyou to to nte, my brave, devoted lore.' As for Wa' ten, his rapture was too deep for words. The stars burned down upon hin ; the wind seemed to sing 'Ilore yeou ! I love you !' the trees, as they passed under them, murmured musically, and he held in his arms the breathing wotnan whotm he had mtourned as lost. ' Heel, sire, this is a sair sight for auld een,' said the landlady, when they reached the village inu. • Pair young teddy I pair young leddy !' Warren removed the blood from his face, and with a strong body of constables returned to the 'ruins of Mucklenowe Grange. They found the dead body of tile cruel uncle. His accomplice expired, after con fessing her share in the conspiracy against Miss Fotheringay. By that young lady's death her uncle would have fallen heir to an enormous property ; but he shrank from committing at direct murder. By the assistance of Mrs. Saunders, and some others whom silhe inplicated, Miss Fotheringay was abducted, and a dead body was procured and placed in the river after being adorned with some of the young lady's jewellery. _The letter, con. teasing suicide, was a forgery. The master of a sailing-vessel had been bribed to bring the young lady-who was represented to be insane--to Europe. She had been nfined in a part of the ruinsof the oldo l nsion, which had been itted, for . te thoe vamoattem o destroy her reason or break her heart. But tihe memory of her lover upheld her. The knowledge of her strange story soon spread, and when she became Mrs. War ren, the young couple were lionised by society, and thought sle was inthe heartiest of good hIealth, Mrs. Warren was gener. ally called 'The Ghost of tMucklenowe Grange.' A young lawyer of the city of Man chester tells a story about himself which is good enough to go on record. He swas trying a "runt case" at Bristol not long ago, when a witness was put in the box to testify to the reputation of the place in question. This witness, a stage driver, in answer to a query as to the reputation of the place, replied, " A run shop.,' The lawyer replied, " You say it has the reputation of being a rum shop 7" " "Yes, sir." "Whom did you hear say that it was a rum shop?" The witness didn't recollect of anyone hIe had heard say so. " What!" said thle lawyer; "you lnave sworn this place lhas the reputation of being a rumn shop, and yet you cannot tell ofanyone you ever heard say so ?" The witness was staggered for a mo. ment-in the words of the lawyer, "I lhad him"'---and the lawyer was feeling triumplhant, when the witness gatheredl hiimself together, and quietly remarked, addressing thie lawyer," Well, you have the reputation of being a very -lever lawyer, but I never heard anyone say so." The student should first study whalt ie needs mnost to know ; tihe order of his needs should be the order of his work. Self-knowledge is not learned in solitude; lwhere none oppose, the will becomes a tyrant. You must leearn from suffering a wiser ;judgSment of your p)owers. Youth, prestumption, and in -xperience-fityou bnt-illtaeopo:sith the" world.. 'Yeu willisot find yotself the conqueror in every mortal strniggloe; you will learn that you cannot rule your destiny as you imagine ; you are not alone, but a tiny link in the great chain of society. A Sunday-school teachler asked, "What bird is large enough to carry off a mat ?" Nobody knew ; but one little girl suggested "a larlk." nd thoen shl e explaio2d, " Mamma said papa wouldn't he home until Monday, because he had gone off on a lark." " My brethren," said a Wester Yankee ninaister, " tihe preaching of thle gospel to some people is like pouring water over a sposige-it soalns in and stays. To others itis like the wind blowing through a chicken-coop. My experience of this congregation is that it contains more chicken-cdops than sponges." "' Can't youi.trust nme darling?" mur muicd the impecunions lover to the daunghter of aaiold iaoney- lender.-" Not without real esate security," she absently replied. ' You can suidrely diminish pain and in erase 'pleasure; the secret is to know more and to know that there is more to lore. It is surprising how willingly a young nan will get up at three in the morning to go fishitg, whoi has hard work to get down at seven when his mother is in a hurr' to get breaskfast over. The man lwho contents himself to-day with that, which he has, will content himself to- morrow with that which he may have. 