CHAPTER X. T.VDY'B SECRET, Wfi return again to the Nugget olaim, whore, aa the evening shades deepened, our friond Tady was preparing to leava tha gully for the1 night. Ho had shared the supper of tha two new men, who were in future to Bleep on the claim, and the great lire they had built up against an old fallen treo was throwing strong gleams of red light against tho sidea of tha gully oppoaite to it, and up on the croolced dead branohes straggling above it. The shadows wore deepening, too, aa tha last beams of light faded from tho west, and strik ing contrasts were growing out in queer dark shapes behind the glowing fire that warned Tady it was time to bo off. "Say a prayer before ya turn in boya," he advised, for bo the powers it's a lonely place." " Are you afraid of ghosts, Tady?" asked one of the Dorana, laughingly, take another Hup of the grog before you go, and tho ghosts wont troublo you on the way baok. l?or my part, I've got a six-chambered revolver in my belt, and I have more faith in the offeots of that than I have in a waggon-load of prayers." " No, I've had enough of tha drink, Tady returned, aa ho pulled up his trowaers prepara tory to what he himself would have called " taking tha road," " an1 if you had twenty revolvers a prayer would be batter than 'em all aa regards that' spot."' Ho pointed to tha murder claim aa he said good night and turned hia back upon it gladly, and yot with a due recollection of tha lonely way lie had to go before he reaohed tha township. Far had it beon from Tady'a intention to let tha darkneaa find him away from Marranga, but it had boen a day of great exoitement,, and poor Tady had found the young Borons' grog bo recuperating that it had been to him, in a certain sense, tha ,/(iters of oblivion. Ho would not for fifty -'Qunda IIEWG faced the hour in that spot lmd not boon for the courage inspired by tho sups" he had imbibed, and oven now its Uvirength waa dying out, aa ha tramped loudly to keep himaell company in the deepening ehadow of Murder Gully. If it had noi;liffion for ths one fact that ha ma fluporatiikmg, Tady would have been a happy-a "perfectly happy man that night. Hia one hops, the hops, nay almost certainty, wliiah had led him back from tha Old Land over all those watery miles, wa3 accomplished -tho claim waa a golden ono; and now that a new feeling, or rather tho revivification of an old one as "love" waa an almost normal condition with Tady, had arisen in hia heart the gold had made hia darling Nora mora than a hope with him. " An' why shouldn't I ?11 ha eoliliquised aa La began to think of tho girl, and half forgot his-surroundings, "I'm a rioh man, and the world is before ma; why should they deny ; m,?, Nora ? Av ooorse ahe's bother nor me all out; I don't deny that, aura she's a priest's ' .eisther, but I'm sober an' honest, and have ihe main thing," and ho slapped hia pookot eignifioantly, A fow quiok steps onward, and ho stopped ouddonly, " Bsdail, I don't sea why I shouldn't go over thia minnit and sea thcfcr&tfrar; euro she doesn't know of me luok yot, for it isn't afther tellin' he? I'd bo itaelt afore Mr. Leonard, Pais I'll go-it isn't much oat of ^Thua decided lie tameJJo le" ho a'Mly iusfreSS of- ketfpiffs t0 thQ r,Bht down by the creek. St. Horrloks, a3".'it was always called, was bat a short half mile from the end of the gully, bat to reaoh the cottage Tady had to oroaa the track that led up to the oemeterv, Aa he was crossing it a long howl, or rather whine came down tho (! hill to hia ears, and he started to almost run, with all hia old fooling of superstitious fear re vived, "Bad oasa to it for a place," he muttered, " 'twaa ever' an' always a lonesomo road up there of a night; but ainco that black day in the Gaily 'tis worao, Lord, betune aa an all harm, I wonder if it ia a dog at all." At the same spot near the fenoe of St. Herriok'a, where ha had firat apoken to Nora Brady, Tady paused to examine the aur. rounainga, and speculate on hia ohanoe of seeing the girl on this occasion. In the shadow of the shrubberies it was now ao nearly dark that the light in the only room that would appoar inhabited showed like a glara among the thick, dark ivy that ooated the wall; thia window waa near an angle of the main building, where a aide wing abutted, and Tady knew it waa tho window of Father James' room. " It looks aa if they are all in bed," thought the Irishman, aa he bent over the fenoe and looked all round tho house, " though it'a early yet. That's the prieat'a windy, an' by all aa counts he keeps a light burnin' on till mornin'; I'd be afeard to whistle; ho might hear me, and Nora'd get into trouble over me. I wonther whatl'll do ?" Aa he waa wondering, a shout ao hoarae, so strident, so suggestive of some awful and un known horror rang around hia ears that he raised his hands to them as if to abut it out; hia owes, however, turned toward the lighted window, from whiah the noiae seemed to pro ceed. Staring at it ho saw for a moment cast on the curtain, tho shadow of a man who seemed to be twisting and writhing about out of all human form, and tho heart of the terri fied man seemed to stop for a moment in absolute fear. " In the name of heaven," ha muttered, dropping one hand to orosa himself, " ia it murder that ia goin' on an' I atandin' here doin' nothin'? If I thought 'twas that I've a strong pair av hands, but what would I do at all if it'a in ono of hia tantrums he is, and ho to ace me?" A moment's silence, as tho ahadow sud denly disappeared from tha blind, gava Tady courage to bound over tho fence and begin to oreep nearer to tho window. He would try and satisfy huuaolf by listening nearer, or per chance by seeing, if he had an opportunity, and then if he could help ho would make hia presence known, and assist tho priest if neces sary. That was tho dooision that made Tady oreop along by tho fenoo until ho had reaohed the part of it that was only separated from tho wing of tho cottage by the width of a pathway, and then ho darted across and stopped again to listen in tho sholter of the ivy-clad honso itself. He waa now so oloaa to tho window itself that bv spreading himself along tho wall bo oould nave touched it; but ho waa afraid to rustle tho ivy in the silence whioh seemed to him almost unnatural. Ho could hoar the beating of hia own heart, until suddenly again a voico spoko loud, fieroo words, and he veooguieod it as tho voice of Father James. " I have you on the hip now, mino enemy," were the opening words of triumph ap parently, and then thero was a shriek of suoh diabolical laughter that Tady trembled. " There ia n talisman that will frighten you out of my path for ever I Ha I I havo told many a lio sinco I saw your living face j if you haven't better company than mo by thia time, and something elao to do besides haunting my Hfo, ourso you. I " A pause then, and a gibbering suoh aa ono may hoar in tho coll of a maniao, and then n fresh shout and a soufflo as if of half-a- dozen men, Tady waa solely afraid, but ho waa also veryourioua to sea what waa going cn in the prieat'a room Besidea he had had various hinta that her brother waa queer, from Nora-a queeruoaa that tha girl attributed entirely to hia temper, but which Tady began to suspeot might pro ceed from insanity; at all events, he ventured to orawl, little by little, nearer the window, and to at last get hia faoo pushed through the ivy screen quite close to it. The window waa a low cottage ono, and an accident favored Tady's espial-ono of tho taoks whioh had supported tho corner of the white blind had given way, and tho corner had dropped, leaving the space of a hand breadth of tho glas3 uneovoied. This apace was abovo Tady'a oyea, but ho soon raised them to its level by plaoiug hia foot in a nook of tho strong ivy-stema, and holding a firm grip of another nook above him. What was it, then, that the poor fellow saw that had auch a terrible effect on many awful weeks of hia innocent life ? What dis covery did he make that drove reat from hia pillow, flesh from hia bonea, and peace from hia mind for a time that he remembered with dread and horror during all hia after life ? He saw in the middle of tho room ho was peeping into, a man whom he could not im mediately recognise as Father James Brady. This man was undressed to his shirt and trouaora, and had tho sleeves of the former rolled up, allowing hia thin bare arms, The head of this man waa tonsured-Tady saw that-but hia faco waa not tha faoo of the priest. It couldn't be; that faae, distorted with a terrible, fierce passion, with oyea aglare with fear and horror, with tha moisture of ghastly suffering, falling in groat drops from his haggard oheeks, had no resemblance to that of tha white-faced prioat, even as ho had been during hia attack in the gully a fow houra previously I And yet it was a faco that seemod somehow terribly familiar to Tady, yet ho oould not tell how or why. Staring at it in puazled bewil derment that seamed still to fasoinate him, ho watchod tho man'a strange movements, and listened to hia awful worda, shouted aloud as if there wore no human eara to listen within wide miles, Who was ho talking to ? Thero was no living boing within tho room, yet ho Bent hia wild jibe-a at some objcot ho glared at, and ho waved aomothing he oalled hia " talisman " in the imaginary faoa of a foe. Within a oirelo of many feet there waa not around him a tan gible object, yet at ahort intervals ho seemed to grasp something in hia long thin arms, and struggle with it, throwing and writhing hia limba aa it appeared around other limba, panting meanwhile with fieroo,hot pants, un til ho staggered against tho wall exhausted and faint, to be rovived when ha regained strength to reaoh a bottle and glaaa, and pour a fiery draught down his hot throat. It was a fearful sight, yet ono that poor Tady's oyea olung to in an awfnl curiosity. What likenesa waa it that haunted him aa he watohed tha man's face? Whoso voice did tho awfnl shouts and anathomas of thia man remind him of ? What, again and again ho asked himself, what was tho object with whioh he seemed to throatea hia nnseon adversary aa ha waved it wildly in tha air. " Foiled again I " ho would about, " the touoh of that ia bettor than any exoroiaml I've tried that you know. Bell, book and candle, ha 1 ha 1 ha 1 aB if they would avail anything in my hands ; but I have beaten you you know, you oannot orosa that-beaten you with your own weapona too. Ha 1 ha 1 ha I Agoin a season of panting roat, with the light of the lamp full in his face, and the fingera around whioh hia " talisman " waa turned waa pressed hard against hia left sido only to suddonly attaok hia enemy again until again exhausted, "Your curse, ia it? Tho ourao of St. Hettiok uhde* hia own roof I Ho I ha I ba Maoh loatafor it. Sea it every day until I die, eh ? Well, who oares 1 1 am' not afraid of it now." It was when ha Btaggerad onca mora against the wall gasping and completely worn out that Tady saw at last the nature of his talis, man-it was a long tress of pale, fair hair, and there were clinging, dark spota upon it; but it waa not that whioh made Tady's fingers unloose their clasp upon tho ivy, and hia nerveless limbs bend beneath him; ho had reoognised the likeness in that terrible faoe, and shrank from it in an overwhelming horror, " My God, have meroy upon me 1" he oried, in his extremity as he climbed over the fence and hastened from the awful spot, '< What'll I do ? what'll I do at all, at all ? What sin is on me sowl that this secret is to lie upon me liko a lump ov lead that'll drag me down into the grave, so it will ?" Forgotten waB all poor Tady's fanoied lova for Nora at that euprome moment, forgotten all his superstitious fears of the lone darkness around him. When he had got so far away from St. Merrick's that he need not dread pursuit, should the man he had been watoh ing have overheard his sudden fall and de patture, he dropped down on the grass and buried his honest faoe in his trembling, labor-rough hands. Oh, no, there was no thought of Nora just then. The lonely sound of tho soughing breeze among the rustling leaves was un heard by him, and ho did not bbb the moon ray that orept up hia knees as tha moon in her first quartsr jtieared tha tops of the trees in tho west, ' ^-.'bright streak it was, filtered through the waving leaves, and restless like them, Sometimes it glanced under tha brim of his hat, and sometimes glinted past hia bowed shoulders, but "l'ady saw it not he saw nothing, and thought of nothing but the dread seoret that he ought to toll, and that he must keep for the sako of many hundreds of souls other than his own. Ho murmured bis thoughts occasionally and unwittingly, and groaned in an agony that lis had never felt ia physical pain, "There ia no one but Mr. Leonard," ho muttered, " and I daren't toll him, for I know what ho would say-but how can I toll it, and ho a priest ? No matter what's past and gone, ho has worn tho holy vestmonts, and for the honor of my churoh I mustn't spako f Oh God Almighty, help a poor sinner, for I don't know what to do ! " Tady got up after this cry for help, and marched on hia way to tho township. Ho had to cross tho littlo bridge over tho creek near Mrs._ St, Herrick's cottage, and ho saw lights flitting about from window to window, but he took no notice, for as yet ho did not know anything of Resignation boing lost, or hor mother's sorious illness. Tho garden, with its pale flowers, lay in tho moon and shadow silently as he passed-almost as silently as their off-shoots lay on that grave up in tho lono cemetery, but how could poor Tady know that never again would the sweet ohild bend over them, or pluok a blossom from their stems ? The bedroom Tady occupied at the quiet hotel they still remained at was at tho back, with a door oponing from it direct into the yard,.and he would have stolon round to It quietly only that tho landlord waa watching for him, and saw him as ho passed tho bar door. " Stop, Oonnor 1" ho oried, " I have a mas sage for you," » A message from who?" the poor follow aBked, as he turned back un willingly. " From My, Prosser; he haa been here look' ing for you, and wants you to go down to tho olaim aa eoon aa you ooino baok," "I can't," said Tady, heavily j."I'm dead boat, and fit for nothing but bed, What oan ha want me thoro for at this timo o' night." "Don't you know? Havon't you heard? Good lord, tho wholo place ia ringing with it 1" " I heard nothing; what is it ?" " Why, Mrs. St. Herrick's little girl is lost, and everyono that could has turned out aftor her. It's tho queerest thing, too, for the little girl knew ovary inch of tho country, and that great dog of thoir's waa with her. Wo ara beginning to be afraid that she's mot with foul play, and tho poor mother haa taken it to heart so that sho's got a stroke or some thing," " Met with foul play 1" Thoy were the last words of tho man's explanation that fell upon Tady's ears, and they filled them to tho ex clusion of all elso for a timo. Resignation St. Herriclc had mot with foul play, and waa lost 1 Resignation St. Herriok had long, pale, fair hair; what about that" talisman" Fathor James raved about, and twisted in his fingers ?" Tady uttered anexolamation of horror, and leaned heavily against tho bar near him. He could not apeak, but ha motioned to tha landlord to be supplied from a decanter at hand. "My word but you do look ill, Tady! Whatover's up with you ? Drink that ofi and see if it will bring tho life into you," Tady obeyed, but the draught brought no colour _ to hia white oheeks j and, refusing a repetition of the dose, ho wont out to his room, and threw liiinsolf upon hia bed. Of tho battlo he fought there, ho never spoko but once, and that waa long after to hia young foster-brother; but ho fought it alone and in silence, save to Him who hears the very thoughts of tho humblest of Hia creatures. It waa quite two hours afterwards that Leonard tried tha door of Tady's room, and found it fastened, Tady heard him, but droading to meet tha young man's keen oyes, ho took no notice of the attempt to gain ad mittance. Leonard was not, however, to be put ofi that way, for tho landlord's aooount of his humble friend's looks had .alarmed him, aud ha spoke sharper than was his wont in his determination to aeo for himself what waa tho matter, " I know you're insido Tady," waa what ho said, "and you may aa well lot mo in at onoo, for in I'll got." The distracted man opened tho door in stantly, and felt gratoful for tha darkness that hid hia faoo from pis kind young master's gaze. "You are siok and in tho dark Tady; what is tho matter?" Leonard asked, as ho strnok a match and lit tho ahambor oandlo ho knew was upon tho littlo table. Thoro was no answer, and when tho wick had ignited, gathered nutriuiont and threw out a aufiioiont light to aeo by, young Progaer turned round and looked at Tady, Tho Irishman waa sitting on tlm edgo of his bed Bupportiug himself, as it wero, on hia hands, which, at either side of him, wero spread upon tha oounterpano. Ha waa staring at tho floor before him with his head bowed and an indescribable air of misery and hopelessness prevading evory line of hia figuro, To toll tho truth, Leonard had found himsolf slightly influenced by Oharlio Ellis's persiatont assertion that Tady waa under tho influence of drink, but one look at tho well known faoo assured him that it was not so. " What's tho mattor with you Tady ? " No reply again, "Ave you sick? Speak my friend, fori must know," Tho Irishman broke down altogether at the gantle'j" my friend," and it was with- an almost savage onergy that he cried out " For (ha love of God don't ask mo Mr« Leonard 1 don't, don't, for I oan't tell you !" " I must fiak you Tady, for if you aro siok I must go and bring tha dootor to you." ?' Oh I'm not sick Mr. Leonard I I wants no doctor at all, at all I but for the love o1 God I aay as ma no questions IM " A ejueefr thing to say to me at this timo dt day Connor, I should have thought twice before saying suoh a thing to you., Are we going to begin to have seorets from eaoh other oo late in life old fellow ? " " I can't help it sir I I can't Indeed I Oh Mr, Leonard, there are things that no one man oan tell another after all 1" " They must be very serious things,Tady 5 no fraoh can exist between you and me," " I ax it of you for the Hake of my mother, the woman that suckled ynu, sir, not to ques tion mo, There's something on my mind that will kill me BOOD, I pray, out that I must oarry to my grave a Beoret. Look, sir, I'd lay down my life for you, you know that well, but I cannot tell->pu this, and don't torture mo by axing." "I do not understand it, Tady, bat I will only aBk you one thing-surely you are more of a man to feel this way over a girl like Nora Brady; if it is a quarrel with her that has put you into this state of misery I cannot pity you," " Oh, Mr, Leonard, don't name her to me I it's not that! oh, Lord, if it was only that I'd die happy I" " And you oan't explain ? " I oan't, indeed, sir," . " Well, Tady; the day will ooma' when you, may tell me, I hope, and when I may at leant try to oomfort you, so I will say no more, now. Isn't this an awfal thing about that poor-child? " " I only heard a few wordB from the land lord as I kera in, Mr, Leonard-have ye no thraoe ov her?" "None of her, exaotly. Ellis and I found the dog in the bush behind the cemetery road, It seems he had been howling off and on all the evening, but was silent shortly after sun down, It ia a very mysterious' case, Tady. The dog Guardian has been stabbed, and has been losing blood little by little until ho could hold up no longer. Ho was nearly unconeoious when wo oarried him home, and he has, it seeois had a severe blow oi) the head also that Dr. Grey thinks must liavQ rendered him un oonsoious." Tady's only response to this information was a heart-rending groan. " We are to commence a regularly orga nised searoh as soon hs it is daylight," the young gentleman wpnt on, " for the partial moonlight only made tho shadows deeper and more puzzling, but .1 am sadly afraid, Tady, that the protty child, who was the first to greot us on Marranga, has mot with foul play." Met with foul play I there wore tho eavne words again to ring like a shout in poor Tady'a eara. Mot with foul play I and who had dono tho foul deed ? What was ha to do ? How to bear this awful bur don of another man's seorot ? He could not do it nlono and liva; ho must tell it to soma one or die. " I think tbero will ba some change in the working of No. 1," said Leonard, when ho wag leaving the room. " I met Clonn. lirady going to tho ooao'n to- day, and ho told mo the work was not agreeing with him, I suppose ho has gone to town for advice; it is strange how little faith tho peoplo hero have in Dr. Syme, for ho seems to ma a clover and intelli gent man. Good-night, Tady-~if there is not an improvement in you by tho morning, J. shall bring him to sea you 110 matter what you say about it," " Stop a miunit, Mr. Leonard. If you don't see me hero in tho mornin' don't bo frightened, for I'll start at break of day for Yawbenaok, it's only a walk of ten miles, and I'll get a lift back in tha coach, DO I oan be hers by din. nor time." "Yawbenaok? What do you want thero? " There's a priest there, sir, n regular cler gyman," Tady replied in a low voino, " That's right, Tady; I quite boliovo in that stop ; good night again," and so poor Tady was loft to battle alona with his awful seeret'till tho day broko in tho east. 