SPORTING NOTES. The acceptances for the three big events of the Adelaide Boeing Club Meeting this month were mode on Tuesday, and are as good as could be expected. Oat of the twenty nominated for the City Handicao seven have been withdrawn, the most notice able absentees being Sardius, Ruby, Helenc, and Ballarat, The two former have been left in the Cup, which will be more to their liking; and no one was surprised to see Helene retire, while Ballarat's performances up the River Darling were not gopd enough to warrant Mr. Pile bringing him down to Adelaide. Until the S.A.J.C. Meeting is concluded it is difficult to say anything about the top weights, but of those now in Adelaide Gratitude and Tarpeia will be very close. In the Cup those mentioned above and seven others have been withdrawn, in cluding Topaz. Sardius has the post of honour; but the way he shapes in Mel bourne will throw some light on his chance here, and the same remark applies to Ruby, Lantern, and SandaL Southern Light is doing everything that is asked of him, and will carry the red jacket and blue cap well to the front. On the Orroroo running Exile holds The Baron safe enough, as in the Han dicap (a mile and three-quarters) he was giving Mr. Ferry's chesnut 5 lb., while here Mr. Cleary's horse is receiving 2 lb. from him. Of the remainder Tarpeia is reported to be doing good work, and Romula's daughter will be well worth following. Considering the way in which the Cup and Handicap filled, the entries for the minor events are fair. Eleven have been entered for the first hnrdle race, including the Oakbank winner, Brigand, Ruby, and Lady Melissa. Twenty three and seventeen were nominated for the Trial and Park Handicaps respectively, ana among the list appear the names of Manfred and Lord Wilton, who will in all probability put in an appearance at the meeting, while The Israelite has come to light again. The Steeplechase has filled with the same horses as those weighed in the big jumping race, j with the exception of Snowstown, Abbott, { and Rupertswood, who did not pay up for the three-mile event. The Nursery Handicap has a poor lot engaged, and the Selling Steeplechase has only attracted four. How ever, if Mr. Hughes succeeds in putting his horses well together, a very tidy meeting will be the result, and affairs look more promising than they did a short time back. At Caulfield on Saturday there was some good sport, but the attendance was not as large as was expected. A two-year-old filly —Warina, by Free Citizen—was made an even money chance for the Selling Race, and she just managed to get home by half a head. Chatsworch, a son of Argus Scandal, in Chifney's stable, was installed a redhot favourite for the Hurdle Race, but the good thing did not come off, Minerva beating him by a length. The winner, who was carrying 10 st. 5 lb., is engaged in the Hurdle Race next Saturday with a pound more upon hnr back. For the Glen Huntly Handicap Uncas —a three-year-old owned by Mr. Harper was backed down to 7 to 4, Duration being next in demand at fives. The favourite, who carried 6 st. 7 lb., won by three- qnarters of a length in the very good time of 1 min. 45 sec. He is by Ace out of Prioress, and is left in the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup, but tor his performance at Caulfield he wiU have to put up a 7 lb. penalty in the mile race, bringing his weight up to (1 st. 13 lb., and in the Cup instead of 6 st. 4 lb. he will have 6 st, 7 lb. Lord Wilton, 7 st. 8 lb. ran third, but like The Ghost and Grace Darling went out unbacked, and probably was not wanted. The Steeplechase was a curious affair, a mis take being made by the riders in the course, and after Granville had won by a head it was declared a no-race, and it had to be run again. This time Granville, who came to 4 to 1, was also successful, defeating the favourite Clarence by a head. Topaz was supported in the right quarter for the Armi dalc Handicap, and went to the post first favourite at 3 to 1. Countryman's son, who had 8 st. 7 lb. up, won easily in 1 min. 11 sec., defeating St. Lawrence, who was backed for more money than anything else in the race, by a good two lengths. The Orroroo races on Wednesday were well attended, but there was no betting worth speaking of. The favouritee won in every in stance, and if there were any fielders they must have had a bad time. Jerry Sneak was equal to the task of giving Vistula 12 lb. in the HurdleB and a beating, while Affluence appropriated the Maidens for Mr. Ferry, though there was nothing creditable in the victory. As we expected, Exile, with 9 st. on his back, won the Orroroo Handicap, The Baron, carrying 8 st. 9 lb., running second, and old Sir Ewan bad no difficulty in defeat ing Tancred in the Steeplechase. A large number of sporting men left Ade laide on Tuesday to attend the S.AJ.C. Meeting, which commences to-day. Among the passengers was " Trumpator," of the Adelaide Observer. A correspondent, writing from Kanmantoo, has forwarded us a report of the CallingtoD Races, held on Saturday, April 25. The mile and three-quarters handicap fell to Mr. Dean's Little Dick, and the half-mile to Mr. P. Cook's Dai key. The trotting race, two miles, was won by Mr. Riley's Little Ned, who received a hundred yards start of Mr. Jackson's Ada (late Polly PerkinB), who was second. The Consolation Stakes concluded the programme, and was appropriated by Mr. O'Neill's Lucy. This afternoon Mr. Blackler leaves for Melbourne with nine youngsters by Conrad and Richmond. They are all in first-class condition, and they should realize good prices next Wednesday when submitted to auction. The Adelaide Polo Club have issued a programme for Saturday, May 9, on the Morphettville Racecourse. There are six events, including a hurdle race, a race with polo balls, half a mile handicap, tandem race, an open handicap, and an umbrella and cigar race, but the prizes are not attached. Entries close with the Secretaries (Messrs. E. W. Hawker and E. C. Primer), at 4 o'clock this (Saturday) afternoon. Weights will be declared on Tuesday, May 5, while scratchings can be ,made up to half an hour before each race. The conditions are to be fonnd in the advertisement. After winning the Armadale Handicap at Caulfield on Saturday Topaz came into favour with a rush for the Goodwood Handicap, he being snpported to win all the money in the market, and on Thursday the best offer against the son of Countryman was 3 to 1. Topaz on paper has a great chance of bring ing the Goodwood Handicap back to Ade laide. On Saturday last he carried 8 at. 7 lb., and won easily, while in the Goodwood he has only to put up 7 st. 9 lb., meeting St. Lawrence on 4 lb. better terms than he did on that occasion. A telegram from Mel bourne on Wednesday notified that the horse had changed hands, Mr. W. Pile having bought him. Lantern, Ruby, and Miss Merlin, in charge of G. O'Brien, arrived safely in Melbourne on Monday, Sandal was also on the same boat. The dispute between Messrs. Barnfieldand Wood has been settled, and the case will not come before the Law Courts. The scheme referred to last week to form a Company to buy the Morphettville Course is progressing satisfactorily, and it is expected that shortly the prospectus will be drawn out. The gentleman who undertook the work sayB his proposal is meeting with approval by all whom he communicates with. The Stewards of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club are determined to put a stop to the late scratchingfof horses,judging by the penal ties which they indicted on Saturday. One fine was as high as £20, and there were some others of £3. It may be added that horses are disqualified pending the payment of the fineB, There appears to be some doubt as to whether Topaz incurred a penalty for winning the Armadale Handicap, but, as the stake was only worth 98 sovb., he does not. Uncas, for his victory in the Glen Huntly Handicap, will have to carry an extra 7 lb. m the Good wood Handicap, and 3 lb. more in the Ade laide Cup. Mr. G. W. Simpson, of Wentworth, writes that we were in error in stating that the late Dr. Bathe owned Irish King when he won the Ace of Clubs Produce Stakes here and afterwards (ran seoond to Miss Jessie for the V.R.C. Derby. The horse at that time, says our correspondent, was the property of Mr. J. J. Miller, of Melbourne. A protest has been entered against Bulgaria taking second money in the Wilmington Handicap, on the jgrounds that he was im properly nominated. Coursing men are reminded that nomina tions for the Waterloo Cup must reach the Secretary, Mr. F. W. Davis, before 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. Greyhounds have to be named by 4 o'clock the following Friday, and the draw takes place the same evening. Nominations for the Derby and OakB Stakes are also due by 1 p.m. on Friday. Stornaway^ who was considered very well in the Adelaide Cup when the weights were published, has gone lame, and hence the reason that Mr. Lang struck him out of that event. The Victorian Amateur Turf Club have decided to again make the Caulfield Cup a handicap of 2,000 sovs.t but an alteration nas been made in the division of the stakes. This year the first horse will receive 1,000 so vs., the second 300 sovs., and the third 200 so vs. H. Davison, the amateur runner, has chal lenged D. Roberts to run 100 yards, 150 yards, and 200 yards, for a trophy and the cham pionship of tha colony. The challenge has been accepted. Malone has written a letter to the Sportsman, offering to give Davison four yards start in 150 yards, ana run him for £500 or £1,000 aside. In the same letter he challenges to run any man in the world from 150 to 440 yards for £500 or £1,000. The annual general meeting of Tattersall's Club was held at the rooms on Monday after noon. There was a good attendance of members, and the Hon. W. B. Rounse vell presided. The balance showed the club to be in a flourishing condition, there being a cash balance in hand of £80 0s. lOd. for the year. Messrs. R. Love and W. Willoughby were Te-elected members of the committee. Some discussion took place as to the quality of the information supplied by the club's Melbourne correspondent, and the Chairman undertook to see into the matter. Quite a crowd assembled at the Racecourse on Saturday to see the match between Mr. Watson's Polly and Mr. Robert Smith's Darkie. The Patwene BettB was to have taken part, but her owner wisely de clared forfeit. Polly conceded the Morphett Vale horse 150 yards in three miles, and Mr. Campbell soon sent them on their journey. From the outset Darkie began to draw away, and holding his lead throughout he won by quite 200 yards, and did the distance in 8 min. 55 sec. The time shows that Darkie could have beaten the mare off the same mark, and the Morphett Vale folks, who turned up in force, must have enjoyed a very pleasant and profitable afternoon at the ex Sense of Polly's admirers. After the match lr. Campbell put Darkie up for Bale, and he was knocked down to Mr. W, Maddern for 40guineas. The settling over the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting was very unsatisfactory, several large backers, including a " sprig of nobility," failing to meet their engagements. Mars, the steeplechaser, iwhilst schooling over fences 'at Flemington this morning came down and broke his back. "Augur," in a recent number of the Australasian, Bays" I believe it is the intention of several of the leading sports men of South Australia to purchase the Morphettville, Course, with the view of re taining it as a racecourse, and also convert ing it into a Plumpton for coursing. I am glad to hear this, aB this action will probably have the effect of resuscitating racing in the sister colony. Whatever may be said to the contrary, I am satisfied that the abolition of the sport would have a most depressing effect upon the tradesmen and farmers, and had the legislators not driven most of the trainers from the land bv the extinction of the totalizator there wculd not be anything like the depression in trade that now exists in South Australia. No men are so free with their money as sporting men, and in Adelaide alone, to Bay nothing of the money paid to the farmer for hay and corn, they were instrun cntal in having tecs of thousands of pounds disbursed annually. Had the use of the totalizator teen restricted to four days in the year, racing would have flourished, but to wipe it out altogether was a blunder, which has deprived hundreds of men of a means of gaining a livelihood." I Mr. Blackler informs us that he has j tendered the South Australian Jockey Glnb i the sweepstakes (£20) for Gratitude in the S. A. J.C. Leger, on the condition that the race iB run at Morphettville. Mr. Blackler, at the time of nominating Gratitnde, says he did so on the understanding that the Leger was to be run on the Morphettville Course, and not at Flemington. The club have refused to take the money on the conditions named. 