A Lady's Letter from London. LONDON, May 8. The Antwerp woman, Van der Linclen, who was con victed of wholesale poisoning at Antwerp, has been let off with penal servitude for life. What circnmfnnces ottcnn n«feithe jury found to save her from the gallows I know not, perhaps one was that the murders were wholesale— always a sort of distinction with middle-class folk. Alphonse Karr says a jury once found drconstances attenuantcs for a young man who had murdered his sister, and cut her up into little pieces, Karr supposed that the drconstances altenuantes were that pieces were so small. There a tale told of a man who cut children up into little bits to make sausages ; his counsel pleaded as drconstances attenuante, thnt he gave the sausages to the poor. But all these were ~ outdone by the man who murdered both his parents, and asked mercy on the ground that he was an orphan. The great German painter Menzel looks like a caricature. He is very short, and has an enormous head and an unfor getable face. Jules Claietiesays tbat he looks like a gnome. He is always working ; he sketches while he eats — even while he walks. Another painter, Heilbuth, went one day to see him. While they talked the master took a pencil and rapidly sketched an admirable portrait. Heilbuth was de lighted, thinking he was going to possess a portrait of him self, by the great artist. But nothing of the sort ; the sketch finished, Meozel dated it according to his custom— such a day, such an boar — closed his album, and slipped it into his pocket without a word. Heilbuth had served for a model, and that was all ! At Berlin Menzel has a private studio ad joining a large one where his pupils work. _ One day one of his pupils opened the door and rushed into the private _ studio, pale and trembling. ' Herr Menzel ! Herr Menzel he cried. 'What is it V' said the artist, brush in hand. 'The model, sir; the little woman who was posing there ? ' 'Well?' 'Oh, do come, sir. bhe is dead!' Menzel put down his brush and rushed into the Btudio; looked at the dead woman surrounded by the frightened students, and called out: 'Admiral study. Seize the opportunity, boys !' He was already at work sketching tbe body. A Frenchwoman, in a letter to another woman, wrote lately apropos of the zola type of novel : ' What have we women to gain by the negation of all sentiment, and by the nowledgeof things that our mothers ignored ? They did ot look npon life as upon a litter of pigs on a dungheap. A ueen of Spain once aaked a peasant it he thought her beautiful. * As beautiful as our pig ! There is no waste ! All the joints are good ! ' That peasant was an idealist beside our novelists, who humiliate us by the same com parison, without finding that all our joints are good.' London wiil be without its Japanese village until the new one telegraphed for arrives from its Oriental home. The one that was burnt down on Saturday was a very successful speculation. One of the Japanese ladies from the village was engaged by Mr. D'Oyly Carte to instruct his ' Mikads' artistes in their Japanese roles. One of the company told me that the girl so engaged kept hiding her head in her sleeve, and much was the curiosity expressed as to wbat she meant by it. At last tbey found that she was laughing at tbem. As a polite Japanese, she literally laughed in her sleeve. It must have seemed funny to one to tbe manner born. It is so mirth- provoking that the performers are in fected with the merriment of the audience, and laugh at each others' Japanneries like ' three little maids from school.' So poor old Brinley Richards is dead ! I ehould like to send a mourning coach to his funeral filled with the ghosts of the misspent hours I practised him when I was a child. That hour devoted to the harpe ao lief me never would go. In vain I gave a vicious little ehake to the clock. My pastors and masters called it music then ; they don't now, they have since become disciples of cultchar , as I hear culture called. Observe the effects of culture. An actress of my acquaintance used to sing the old song which she cilled ' Cherry roipe, cherry roipe.' She has since married an outsider and taken lessons. Now she says 'Cherry raipe, cherry wipe.' M. Perdrono, a Nantes doctor, has written an article in the French scientific journal Nature, upon ' L'Audition Coloree,'' that is to say, npon the connection between sound and colour. Each musical sound suggests a colour to M. Ferdrons. Another doctor says that each letter of the alphabet suggests a colour to him. I think this is the experience of most people. I always see a particular colour in words and letters; thus M and N suggest nut-browD, while L is yellow and X black. If people attributed the fame colour to particular sounds, col lected experience would prove of scientific value, but no two people seem to agree upon the mitte.1. Someone has just told me that there are only three letters of the alphabet that suggest any colour to him : L he makes yellow, S white, and i3 brown— tbe truly distinctive colours of L. S. D. 1 have jur^t been rending that Fad book the ' Lite of Pro fessor Palmer. It is sad because his untimely end throws a shadow over the account of alltheyiars of his life. Ihe great Orientalist was wafted in a mission that might better have been left unaccomplished than be accomplished at such a cost. His genius for language, especially for Oriental idioms, seems to have been born with him. Of course be worked — worked like a demon ; and though genius is not the art of taking infinite pains, the infinite pains are necessary to make the genius manifest, lhat Oriental scholars arc like poets, born, not made, is further illustrated by a young working baker, of Paris, named Galle, who could hardly write his own language, much less any other, and who, in April, 1884, began to attend the Hebrew lectures at the Ecole du Louvre. In less than six months he had surpassed the 19 other students, several of whom were far advanced when they joined the class. Now, in 1885, Galle explains, word for word, and, at first sight, the Hebrew Bible— ho easy work of translation. Every Friday, at 5 o'clock, the lad goes to the Ecole du Louvre, translates some Israelite texts, and then returns to his kneading trough. Galle may one day enrich tbe science of Oriental languages, like another great Orientalist, Anquetil- Duperron, who was seized with his vocation when he was thrIB and twenty, at the sight of a Sanscrit manuscript, who then left family, friends, and country, and embarked for India as a simple soldier to study the language of the Big Veda at its source. Leon Gozlen says t-f the typical Parisenne, ' She dies in her religion, to which she has never given a thought \- and, again, ' A Parisienne is the creature who Ihe most easily withdraws three things— her gloves, her shawl, and her heart.' Alphonse Karr, speaking of the same animal, says: ' Though men and women have lived together so long, they do not know each other — tbey have either false notions, or very vague and uncertain ones. For 6000 years women made men believe that they are weak and delicate. . . . Yet I have gone about a good deal with women this winter, and two days of it tire me out, the third makes me look like a shadow waiting for a tomb to rest in. There is only one thing that kills women, and thatris .ennui — dulness. A woman never dies of anything else. -When an old woman die?, it is not because'she is old, but because she is dull, and she is left to her dulness. Amuse her, and she will take care not to die.' George Meredith thinks that ' woman is tbe last animal that will be tamed by man.' When that happenB 1 hope we shall not be tame— the men would be wild then. But the best thing I have read about women was written anonymously. 1 saw it about live veara ago in a review, enriched my commonplace book with it. it is worth reprinting. ' How good a thing it would be if women would only speak their minds. There is nothing that honest men desi--e more than to understand that mysterious race that is so much like them and yet so unlike; who share their homes but not their thoughts, and are so shrewd, so practical, and so irrational. The poor men yearn to break down the invisible barrier and see into the real life of those they love so well ; but the loved ones smile and chatter and say pretty things and ingenious things and things they have borrowed from men and improved in the borrowing, but never one word of the real thoughts that are working in their busy brains. So the men flatter and lie because they think the women like it, and the women accept it all because they think it is man's nature, and the men think women are empty-headed angels, and the women think men are fine intelligent brutes ; and the two classes go on loving and despisine one another accord ingly, and all for the want of a little trnthfulness in con versation.' It was Felix Holt who said that women ' toil with brain and limb for things tbat have no more to do with a manly life than tarts and confectionery. That's what makes woman a curee; all life is stinted to smt their littleness.' It is only fair, now tbat we bave seen what men think of us, that we should see what one woman at least thought of them. ' I shouldn't like to be ia man,' said Mrs. Tran eome's maid Deoner,. 'to Jaugh so load and «tand strad dling about on a wet day and be so wasteful with meat and drink. They're a coarse lot, I think.' THE MANON CAPOTE. The crown is covered ;with green net, the colour of fresh sorrel. The brim is lace, embroidered in straw and silk. A bird is fastened in front, and the strings are moss green faille. 