T H E R E C O L L E C T I O N S O F A ~ C O U N T R Y D O C T O R . Edited by Mrs. J. K SPENDER, Author of ".Her own Fimlt," ''Parted Lives." God. , wyns Ordeal," "Gabrielle de Bourdaine," "Mr. Nobody," 4c., Ac. THE GHOST OF SIMON PART 1L SHAW. , The rosea were already returning to Mysie s cheeks, and though she BID to pat her white ribN ns-as : d« AND return to HER lather's house JAS D- uoihing had happened, thfcre was a smile ; olcontentment ON HER aweet lace WHICH was pleasant io look at She hadcounted the .coat and I hadno fear ,-OF the result, FOR there WTFT & firmness in her nature which she seemed to have INherited from her father. . ^ , ,"It all seems BO easy JK>w,"as she said to me, "that I cannot help wondering at my I formerfears. At the worst my. father CAN • truly cat me off without A penny, and Stephen .C&RRAE;^iititle.about the-money as I do." ; \+ I' WHAN theprepfcr time combs I will te{ I' as 2 nromiaeayou,-". I anavrared.;etreog-, thened, inmyocturidtion that it .was A sort -of. <duty .TO protect b a t . , . -U ' /-jr :. <| I She -went again about: hep. jetrands with dancing feet, and again her clear woicecomd : be haaxi joining inthemusicat the Church. Bntnot aothe bridegroom. Stephen: Blair -. was unaccountably depressed. - The hopes : which he had cherished BO lornr, and which. . had ao happily been realized-rtheJieart's de- . .aire whichh&D; been granted—cobld not ALLAY iusraelancholy.. He was certaialyon the eve I of juiothet-voyage, ufhic A • would part him T from WIFE Butashe could aee little :. «noogh«fher.evenifihe dawdled AWAY his I TIME at Halstead, and as -THE sailor.is generally supposed to.be a joyous being on whose : NTRONGSUOUMEES care RATA .lightly, this de-. . presHioo of spiritwas difficnltto understand., "DOCTOR no YOU telievB inweseiltiintintsS" •; TO IME OFAFCDAY. " 1*8 noionly thtt •I'.I AM HEDRNDOS^TO: be sick of the: LIIERRITSCA : slave'slifetb tiespent in imprisontnent away ..>from all. that.one cares about—I've no right in grataWe at that. I chou it, and I most .STICK toit. RM ready to be a snbmusire age. tndjlad to brave dangers did _ -r T U T ^.lui,. Bat ifs not to be—hottolie. Ishjrtl PART from HFR JIAYER see her AGAIN*™ "Stuff and nonsense," 1 said laughing, YON oughttobe superior to such HUMBUG. - ' ^ MLMR^IKE you FA> talk ABOAK present*- 1 "SFEUTA,-; YBA^SA&ORT; WEft- snjMttrtitwaslot.". V °YOU, M JWTSAID.ASA con- VIDMVE ^WVEGIENT WH-ich HE TO YSI^ W- , e:jdeaVpt E FEFE^^HO^LESFI stare AK the skjy > ^What ;; tell .you tf •r thejptlie'r : :8aw— vromKtL wrttrfi [d 'yousay, DOI^OR, if I was TO asl W^IT by the 'thnrcjhyard it, whenlt was a bit misty, 1 AS I see "you—the' figureof A .life ,£TOINT$BE MWFC talong;a; till I could see _IHE features as ,£LIGHT,and the bit ofa child *^'bundle-WIAB, clasped tp 'her ast going :T» meet her, AND to little tine .FROM^FFLL hret6ok*and- then: away among TNE grayest ones— _ ie JJID not MYBIE^-INA an ill-* piutrnTPTA$. V ' I ',. " NO ooifeiLat all—BUT a trick pla,yed to you by YBUR own SEASO^-I should say the mist haa a lotto do with it," I answered with know, it real enough, j ost As teal as I tee yoil—WHY .I TRIPP^ igyself up among the tombs IN.iny. haste TO search topi . JOB tell arevonly fit" for baibes and nursejnaids. I Relieve "aboat as much in your ^apparition aa L helievb in the ^REAT sea- «eipeht," I, ANSWEX^D, clapping MM on the .ahoulier. It was of NO use. NOTHING could restore . the MAN?8 vpmmbn-seose, and I lie^an to think that thoggli ho 'was not defiaieat in solid WORTHY J^IERE was a wealcness about his intellect wnich made him the inferior of Myiaie. The latter bore the parting -with characteristic bravery. Whatever misgivings die ^might have eipenenced, whatever winMng of TH'e spirits or nickehing oF the . heart, she hid from the notice OF others, and occ®tpiedherse}F busily -frith domestic "duties. HOWEVER INMND her "father might have been -to her, she cherished no remembrance of his onkiBonera. : All MIGHT have gone merrily font for a suspicion on the PART of old Simon fixat there muSt be jBoinething to. account for his daughter'S cheerfulness. He plied her -WITH- questions which were difficult to answer, and TOLD her to prepare herself for "HER approaching, marriage with Captain ~<Stewart, . " \ ^ " That can never take place," said Mjeie. • with A self- possession which alarmed if it did -not-intiimdate HSM. .-"X would have sacrifipftd myself to yon in. anything bat I could not do A wrong thing thateood might come of it" . _ . „ . " Don't be absurd, M thundered Snnon. Nobody-wante yon-TO -make »-victim of yoarcetf. Yonx head is loll cf all -sorts of ruHbishfcg romance.'* "" * \- BK blind anger • only incfepsed -when he found THITSWHADCEA^DTOCAREFOR it. For THE first time helattentpted personal violence, •"^^D^^^EFE^^IIA^aaTtseemed to him, had.not atear -or a.lament,.and only proved to the nsele^ness of his rage,IBY tooldngathimwithpityand'coinpafflion. It seemed T6 be necessary to adopt other tactics if fch6' old MAN' were to succeed in his OHIECT. To RR'do hiln 'JTTRTI!^ .'HE T JMSPACFCED "nothing MOTE than that his daughto- had . &rmedT; a'secret engagement with ^HE absent sailor. " ' But onfe MORNINFT whtn" HLYBIE was busied as canal " WITH HER hoosehold aflEairsaBtrange woman WAS 'shown in nvon her, whose appeaxance took "her by surprise. For the intruder WAS not .only dark and of somewhat -masculine appearance, but her voice and maimer were..insolent, and after starmg at '< • MYSIE for some moments without uttering a wcrtl, she began in an offensive wav, '"MY name is Jane Blair—you have probably heard OF ME—unless indeed Stephen Blair deceived yon as miserably as he mided me. WHEN he «ngaged^himself to you did he tell you that 3ie BAD A wife . living, one whom 'he had married in foreign parts, an ;d \thom' HB had tried in cruelty'to cast Off?"'' ".' ' - . Myne stood looking at her with wide open Innocenteyes, " "".'•'.'. . • ;> '.RJ " Yon are idling me a wicked NE, she panted at"last, for ner voice had failed with : HER gasping breath, and she could only utter A whispering soana between" her chattering teeth. ''It's no lie, bnt as true as THE skies. above ye, You may thank Heaven that your name hais not been dishonoured, and you are saved ; from ruin in time, T ~ cried the other insult- FJO one knew what else passed between the two. The servants only heard their mistress . BAY, " Begone," as terrified, by the sharp raised tones so unusual in her voioe—which she had now recovered in-her indignation— they rushed to (he spot. Mysie stood drawn TO her foil height, -sinking down directly afterwards in merciful unconsciousness, shrinking from their touch when they came to help her, and-shaking from head to foot WFI&H; shivering sighs. I . > . ; , - "It is not tone, RT IS not true," was all theiy .< beard- her SAY,. But 4IE was delirious that night. U Ont.-of MY skht, you baae >ccuser : —aon'T come, and tell your wicked lies to me.". Soon, afterwards I was sent ton at the urgent cry of peril and agony. Mysie was naturally, A brave woman, and NOT one of the . type of Constance, who oould urge on behalf : of the weakneaeeeof hex sex, " £ am eick, and capable of fears. I am .full of LEAN, subject to fearsI am a woman, and : therefore naturally born to fears." Apprehension and timidity, with A-tendency to conjure up artificial CTiefs, had ever been unknown to Mysie. But her courage, with her confi- \- deno^.had suddenly deserted her. Her heart had chafed , sorely against its .fate, and ehe HAD no longer any desire to face a life in which from her childhood -np she had been checked, disparaged, overmastered, A misunderstood..and in which—when she tried to help herself—the fates seemed to be against her. Her mind was still somewhat bewildered, her utterances rapid and confused, when after long hoars of suffering, we placed the little baby in her arms—A puling, weakly, thing, born prematurely into a world where It was destined to meet with the roughest greeting. She smiled at it, and had sense enough to press it eagerly to her bosom, though she was even then passing through the valley at the shadow.. She held out her hand to Be, endeavouring to articulate, bent down my ear to her, and thought I COULD a few words of, a familiar nymn she had often-sung in the village choir •-the murmur ofa sacred name—and then— the silver cord was loosed. She gave me one long look, with eyes singularly bright, M if she saw sights which I could not see. Then the same bright eyes seemed eagerly to search the room, as if for some beloved object. She distinctly said "Stephen," and then the eyes became sightless. Tne spirit had gone to God who gave it, and only its deserted husk lay before us. (To be continued,) Loan, Hotel, Honae, and General Agent, Transfers, Mortgages, Leases prepared, Partnerships aaaaged, Registrar of Births and Deaths. Immigrants'Land Orders purtfuwd. Money to Lesd. T. Lonergan, Lome Chambers, Eiiij wfillam-atreet (opposite Town Hall). IWlsawfc 