The Russian Army and Na y (From the Morning Punt.) The uncertainty which prevails with regard to the relations between England and Russia owing to the Afghan frontier question imparts additional interest to the state of the Russian military and naval resources. The con dition of the army of Russia was folly dealt with in an article which appeared recently in these columns, and it will now be sufficient for the purpose to state that, omitting from our calculation non-combatants, Russia would in caso of war be able to place into the field at once 758,000 infantry, 53,000 riflemen, 50,000 cavalry (included in which forco there would bo U independent cavalry divisions, with 16S gnns), increased im mediately by about 45.000 combatants by tho formation of ?9 additional Cossiick regiments ; 88,000 artillery, with 3456 guns ; and 35,000 engineers. Tlie above ligures are based upon a work published quite rocently on the Russian army, which enables us to form an accurate estimate of the knd forces at tho disposal of Russia. The figures given show that thnt country possesses a field army of 1,038,000 combatants, with over 3600 guns. As, however, according to the same source, in case of a mobilisation, an infantry reserve of 400,000 men would nt onco bo avail, ablo, the grand total of a possible Rus sian field army could bo raised to 1,438,000 men. Bnt this doos not by any means represent the rual fighting strength of Russia, for thero isavailablo a second reserve, the first class of which wopld supply nearly 2,000,000 men, whilst no estimate has yet been formed of tho number comprised in the second class. It has been observed by n recent writer that Rnssiais practically unassail able in Europo by England. To so. mo extent the justnoes of his conclusions must bo admitted ; but surely ho cannot overlook tho fact that in case of hostili ties the Russian navy could not hope to ) Buceesfully cope with that of Great | Britain. Alarmists in this country. nocwithfttandiug, our navy is still n weapon nut to be despised,, and the Russian Government knows very well that great injury could be inflicted by our ships. At the samo time, it would bo folly it we omitted to take into accoont the defensive power, each as it ie, which Russia possesses in her navy. It is true that the navy within recent years receded from the tbird position which :fc formerly occupied, to the seventh place ntnong naval Powers ; yet , it is still formidable enough to be respected, as the following statement will chow. The Russian navy ia divided into foar divisions, the Baltic Fleet, the Black Sea Fieot, tho Siberian Fleet, and tho Caspian Fleet, of which, however, only the first two need be taken seriouely into account. The Bultic Fleet com prises 32 ironclads, —viz., 5 turret frigates, 8 armoured cruisers (2 of them building), a casement ship, and 5 battery ships of the old type, all classed as battle ships, besides 13 monitors for coast,defence, and all launched before 1767 ; 94 torpedo voseelb an 1 boats, 24 cruisers,—viz., 2 torpedo ram cruisers (1 building), 12 clipper ships, of the new and 3 of old typo, 1 frigate, snd 6 flush-decked corvette 12 gunboats of the new and 5 of tho old type, 30 yachts —viz., 9 steam yachts, 4 steam cutters, and 17 sailing yachts ; and 79 trans port, harbour, „c, ships (2 building), of which only 2 are sailing ships (1 build ing). Total strength of the Baltic Fleet: 24G vessels of all classes (of which 5 are under construction). The Black Sea Fleet comprises 7 ironclads— viz., 8 turret ships (all building), 2 Popofl'kas, and 2 armoured guuboats, 14 torpedo vessels and boats, 7 cruisers of the volun teer Fleet, 3 auxiliary cruisers; 89 other unarmed vessels—viz., 2 yachts, 2 flush-deck corvettes, 1 screw-steamer, 2 paddle steamers, 46 small steamers, 1 mine ship, and five fire-ships. Total strength of Black Sea Fleet: 117 vessels of all descriptions, some of them, however, very old. The three most powerful ships of tbot division of the Russian Fleet are still under con etructioD. As was stated above, the Siberian and Caspian Fleets tio not count for much, and the latter would only come info requisition in case of an Afghan or Persian war for the transport of troops ; but to make this return cora pleto they should bo included. The Siberian Fleet comprises 6 torpedo boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, -i gun boats, 14 steamers of various sizes, and 18 sailing vessels : total 46 vessels. The flotilla of the Caspian consists of 3 screw gunboats, 1 screw steamer, 7 paddle steamers, 8 small steam vessels, 8 sailing transports, 3 other sailing vessels, and 3 fire-ships—total, 33 vessels. As the Caspian would, in case of a war with Afghanistan, beejme an important route of communication the deficiency of steura transports ought to be noted. Russia also possesses some naval mate rial on the sea of Aral, consisting of 6 steamers end 20 sailing vessels ; bnt lenviog these as immaterial out of tho reckoning, tho sum total of the Russian Nuvy amounts to 442 vessels of all descriptions. Of this number, liowovor, a great many are almost use less ; and confining ourselves to really efficient ships, wo find that Rnseia has only 185 of them availablo for sorvice, 25 being ironclads {10 battle ships, 13 coast detenco vessels of the monitor class, and two armoured gunboats), 1 torpedo ram cruiser, 114 torpedo boats, 29 nnarmoured cruisers, and 15 gun. boats, besides a largo number of trans ports, etc. We havo included in this . 1 ensemato ship and 5 battery ships of old type, nor tho 2 Popofkas ; nor finally, gunboats and cruisars of anti quated pattern, which would not stand the ghost of a chance in a naval en counter. In a possible collision in Afghanistan between this country and Russia, only a small proportion of the immense mili tary force at the disposal of the latter could be utilised at present. If a strug gle were to tako place now, Russia woufd have to dmw, in tho first place, npon tho troops located iv Turkostnn. There are at present of regular troops 10 battalions of rifles recruited and stationed in the Iranscasspinn provinces, 6uy abont 10,000 men. There are no data available as to tho number of cavalry and artillery gar risoned there, nor ot tho irregular forces that could bo raised on tho spot. In tho next placo, tho Russian Government has a largo forco in reserve in Trano caucasin, which it is at liberty to employ either in tho diroction of Tnrkey, Persia, or Afghanistan. Russia has at present permanently stationed in tho Tran?caucueian provinces an army which, on a peace footiug, numbers about 128,000 men, but which will, no doubt, be largely augmented by the in troduction of compulsory military ser vico in that portion of tbo empire. In case of war, a considernblo portion of the army would probably be shipped acros? the Caspian by way of Baku and Michailovsk ; but the chief supply of combatants would be drawn from European Russia, over Odessa to Poti, and thence by rail to Baku, and across the Caspian. The most serious obstacle to the employment of a largo forco is tho difficulty of transport. The Traus caspian Railway extends at present from Micbailovsk to Ivizil Arvat, 135 miles, only a short way to Uonit, which is b2-6 miles from tho Caspian port; but thero ciui be no doubt that its gradual extenaiou to Aekabnd, Sarnkhs, and Herat is only n question of timo, 4-he reapito thus granted to England ought to bo made good use of. Affaire iv connection . with the Zoa eudiA strike remaiqp " in B tatn " 