Religious. The Bishop of Brisbane's Farewell Sermon in England. THE following is the last of the series of two sermons preached by the right rev. gentleman, and is eminently his valedictory address. It was delivered extempore to his London con- gregation on the evening of Sunday, 19th July, and the church of St. John the Evangelist was crowded on the occasion. His Lordship took for his text the epistle general of St. Jude,' verse 20, "But ye, beloved, building up your selves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Spirit, keep yourselves in tho love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." His LoßDSHiPßaid,—Thewordswhich I invite you to consider, by God's help, to-night are words which speak of building up—going on; not being content only with the laying of the foundation, but of going on unto perfection —building up; a fact wo so often lose sight of. Many persons seem to be satisfied if only they have onco mastered the truth, and perhaps I ought to say if the truth has once mastered them—they think that is all that is needed. They have, as they phrase it, accepted the truth, and they think that is all; but if there is one thing which is set before us more unequivocally than another in the teaching of the Bible, from beginning to end, it is that there must ever be growth. It was no accident, if one may so speak, that made the Psalmist press into his servico the analogy of the vege table world, and teach lessons through its meta phors. *' The righteous shall flourish like a palm* tree; he shall spread abroad like a cedar on Libanus." We are to grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jcsua Christ. We are not only to be laid on a true foundation, but to be built up line upon line, here a little and there a little, course by course, tier by tier, until we become a holy temple acceptable unto God. This necessity for building up is what St Judo affirms in the words we have just read—"But ye. beloved, building yourselves up in your most holy faitb, praying in tho Holy Spirit, keep yourselves in the love of God." St. Jude presupposes, you will note, Christian teaching on the part of those whom he is addressing. Ho is not ■peaking to thoso who are strangers to the truth, but to those who know the truth, and he bids them go on unto perfection, go on being builded up. They knew what we know, which we have been taught to bo thankful for when we say that we thank our Heavenly Father that He hath called us to this state of salvation through Jesus Christ our Saviour, and we pray unto God to give us His grace that we may continue in the same until oar life's end. They had been taught to say in effect, I believe in God, the Father Almighty, who made me and all the world, to believe in Jesus Christ, God the Son, who redeemed me and all mankind, to believe in God the Holy Ghost, who sanctified me and all the elect people of God. That was the foundation upon which they had been built. That was the foundation for their belief and practice, and they were to keep themselves in the love of God; they were to Duild themselves up in their most holy faith. We may take these two almost as Snonymous, being built up and being kept in c love of God. Let us think of that for a moment. Let us think of the many instances in which we are exhorted to keep what we have. Is there a more powerful or passionate appeal than that which Moses makes to the people of Israel when he says, " Only take heed to thyself and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the thing which thine eyes have seen, lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life." Yes, to keep ourselves up in the love of God is no unmeaning form of words. It is not something that will come as a matter of course, and without an effort on our part. No, God has not made us to be mere automa tons. Ho has not made us to be machines to be moved at pleasure. We each one have a character, an individuality, and a will, and we can co-operate with, or resist, the working and the purposes of God. We can, as St. Jude says. •• Keep ourselves in tho love of God," or we can cast ouselves as it were into the shade. " Keep yourselves in tho love of God." There is the first thought, then, and as we look back upon the past of our lives cannot we romembor that sometimes our im pressions were more vivid than they are now, and that our sense of what is right and our desire to do it was keener and more earnest than now ? Can we not remember the time when there was raoro of real life in the soul than now ? Perhaps it was just after our con firmation ; perhaps it was just after our first communion; perhaps it was just after some illness, or some of thoso changes and cbancci which belong to this mortal life, and which for the moment, as it were arrest our attention at d make us fix our gazo on life's realities. But whatever the time was we can perhaps look back and put our finger on a time when there was more real earnestness of life, and more real gladness with it, becauso where there is real desire and purpose of life that life is a much more glad life tbiin one which drags its slow length along—a life which seems aimless, pur poseless, scarcely worth living. If this be so, if our consciences attest the fact that there have been times in our lives when we have been more active in the desire for what is good for real hungering and thirsting after righteous ness, we see there is a deep necessity of St. Judo's when ho says, "Keep yourselves in the love of God," because what is it that has any kind of weight to keep us in the shade and not any longer in the light and love of God ? It is that some earth- born cloud has arisen which has hidden God from his servants' eyes. Yes, if some act of wilfulncss, or, as we ' more commonly call if-, some act of sin, some sin, some carelessness, somo want of real energy and desire that somehow or another has nceracd to hang a veil between the soul and God, so that the light which once streamed through is no longer felt, we feel of necessity that these words are not merely of the surface when St. Jude says " Keep yourselves in the love of God." The words point us to • real meaning. They would guard us against real danger. They would guard us against backsliding. They would guard us against allowing perceptions of right and wrong, of holiness and sin, which were once clear and vivid, to grow confused and dim. Perhaps when we have been down at the seaside and have been watching the moonbeams casting their long light over the waters, we have set« a ship emerge fr*m the darkness on the ons side, and bask, *s it were, in the light of the moonbeams, showing its spars, lines, and £ft *" £** r> ,We have Been ifc *» » moment •ad t*lt) B t m the gloom and shade. Is it not •o wtth many and many a life which for a moment seems to be in the light and love of Mod, then, somehow, it is lost in the shadow »na is no longer conscious of that light and love. And it is the will that has played a part here. It is the will, because it has not cone on to translate sentiment into action \ it has not gone on making feeling permanent by writing it down in the text of action. The secret of preserving a vivid ■ease of spiritual things is always found uu*. ,?nce obeying^not being content with feeling the right but doing the right That is one of the temptations which mislead and beset us m the present day. There is that exquuitely-fiaiahed picture here which makes us know exactly what we ought to feel about queatMNiQ O f social life and duty. It attunes cur (Wangs to some object; but, while we do 2£ Il*Bß °\ by writing down, as it were, in aorae deed that sentiment within us, it passes *.way, and the character is so much feebler by having its senses awakened without passing into action. All this, and more than this, lies hidden in the words of St Jude—" Keep your selves in the love of God." St Jude helps us as to the way of doing this. He says, " Build ing up yourselves in your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghoet, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Ghrist unto eternal life." We are su^ /i* 11?* *0U°ninK upon one way—namely, that of habituating and accustoming ourselves to be and to do right "If ye know these things^ happy are ye if ye do them." How, *hen» are we to guard against these first little Warnings of backsliding? Where do they first V. all begin ? Perhaps it would be difficult to wy in all cases. Perhaps it may be in our trying to exercise for ourselves a dispensing power over our own consciences. Perhaps it may be that we have not felt the hopefulness, the hap piness, and the gladness of public worship. Perhaps we have been regular at public worship. Perhaps a friend here and there has asked us to go with them instead of going to church, and wo did it possibly with a kind of feeling of the soul that we had rather slid back in so doing, that we had not kept up to our real mark or what our conscience whispered **>"• *•* our real mark. There may have been little m the beginning, but the moment the conscience begins to reproach us it is sure to to right; it may be a simple thing, but to be true to conscience is one of the first requisites of keeping ourselves in the love of God; or it (My be that our prayers have become cold and lifeless, and then there is the very easy step when onoe we get on the incline, to give them up altogether. Perhaps we used to say our prayers with some earnestness; we usod to pray morning and evening; but we first of all ceased to say our prayers with ferventness, aad then, because they were ssmewhat formal, gave them up altogether. Then perhape we gave up public worship. Perhaps we were communi cants, and it may be that little by little we dropped even that, so that by de grees our lives have drifted away from the true mark. We have no longer kept ourselves in the love of God. We have passed like the vessel from the path of the moonbeams and find ourselves in the shade. It is perhaps not altogether unwise of us to revise not merely the foundation of life, the foundation on which our lives are built, but to •cc if we cannot seize the occasion to make a fresh start in life. The building has ceased. There has beon no building in the soul for a long time. It may be that the ivy has be come matted round the walls within. The building has stopped, and perhaps here and there a brick or two which had been laid on has tumbled off. There is no longer a building up within the souL Well, then, here is an occasion when, perhaps, I may particularly appeal to any who are conscious that these words express, however imperfectly, some thing of their spiritual experience, something of their past history. It is an occasion when we may appeal to such to look at their lives, and the direction in which their lives are drifting; what is the outcome of it all, of that state of things in which the truest part of life i« lost sight of, and altogether neglected? That is a question which I may well ask, and when I look back over mote than twenty years' ministry in this place, I am not altogether without particular instances to whom I could specially appeal; but in some sense, and in some very real sense, does not the question touch us all ? Cannot any one of us, either clergy or people, as we look back upon the past, put oar finger on times when our work might have been more thoroughly done ? Can we not think of times when there was slowness when there should have been energy, and is not this a time when we may think not only of what might have been in the past but what may be in the future? May we not gather from looking back upon the past some wise lessons for the future ? May we not utter the prayer of the Psalmist—"So teach us to number our days that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom." Well then, we will make this resolution, and I beg any who particularly feel the force of what I have been saying, to make that resolution to-night before they leave this church, firmly, decisively, and humbly, in the belief in the Holy Ghost to revive those duties and practices which perhaps they are con scious they have laid aside. Those who have been communicants in the past hut have for some time ceased to be so, let them look for ward to-night at no late date to re-commence their attendance at the table of the Lord. Those who have regarded their prayers as merely dead words, without the desire of the heart going with them, let such henceforth determine to make them realities. Do not let this be a mere complimentary assembly in rather larger numbers than usual, because a voice which you have been accustomed to for some time will cease to be heard within these walls. Rather make it a true spiritual occasion for a fresh start in newness of life. This is the appeal I would earnestly make to all those who hear me to-night, but I speak particularly to those whom I have known or some time— those who have been the morer egular members of our congregation. There may be some amongst us to-night who do not worship with U-s aiui»}t<, but 1 particularly desire to address it to those whom I have known for some time, anu whom I have hud the privilege of minister ing U> for some time past. I would earnestly ask of these, if they have bad in the pant any summons to a purer, more genuine life, not to disregard that summons, but to make one great effort to step forward m the paih of duty and newness, pf ftfc. That js the appeal which is put btfore you for consideration, " Keep your* ■elves in the love of God, praying in the Holy Ghost." One further thought, which touches the reality of our spiritual life. If this church has been t® many merely "Mr. Webber's church," as it is called; if the departure of him who has been only the servant of the Church detaches from its body any who have hitherto reckoned themselves amongst its members, then they must sbe that so far as they were concerned) bis work and bis teaching have been of little good. He has not succeeded in impressing upon them that they are not his, but Christ's. It will only show that their at tachment to St. John's, its church and its services, was little more than skin deep. But I can hardly bring myself to believe that there are many of those who have long worshipped in this church, who would so regard their con* motion with it. I believe that my departure, which I feel persuaded must be according to the will of God, will not be without its blessing in building up this congregation into a more consolidated body. I say I believe that my departure cannot be otherwise than ac cording to the will of God, and for this reason. The work to which lam now sent is otxe which I did not seek, which I did not even Wish. When I received the Archbishop's letter inviting me to seriously consider whether I would allow him to designate me as Bishop of that vast diocese, my tint impulse was to ask to be excused, but the more earnestly I went over the matter the more I was lea by con current circumstances to believe that I ought to go, and after all it is in the concurrence of circumstances that we may not infrequently trace the will of God, if only our minds are open to obey such leading as seems to point in the particular direction ; and if this be so, I cannot but believe, and believe firmly, that my departure will not be, as I have said, without its blessing on this congregation in giving it perhaps more solidity. There has been hitherto, no doubt, a tendency—not a wholly unnatural tendency it may be—to magnify him who has been God's instrument in founding this work, but they will see that work is done which cannot be repeated, that the foundation is laid, and now the work of building up the spiritual fabric has to be intrusted to other hands, and it has pleased the chief pastor of this gteat diocese, on whom devolves the duty of appointing my successor, to make known his intention of appointing one who is no stranger to you, and one of whom I will only venture to say this much, that the Bishep of the diocese would not easily have found one who would have bad the real deep spiritual well-being more thoroughly at heart than he to whom the carrying on of this work and the building up of this congregation is now about to bo committed. Try then to believe this. If yon have been taught to believe in God, then believe in Him, trusting entirely; believe that His ways are not your ways, and that His thoughts are not your thoughts. Trust His love, and even if one after another all the earthly props on which you have been accus tomed to lean are removed, believe it is that you may stand more independently in His light and in His strength. Yea, and you shall be holden up, for God is able to make you stand. Let me leave this then with you. Believe even against your own purely opposite opinion, for we must all be content again and again to do this. Believe—especially to my younger friends I speak—believe and believe firmly in the wise purposes of God. Believe that He who has called you and blessed your life up to this time will not leave yon comfort less in the future. Believe that He who has called you, has planted you in his Church, has brought you into yet closer union with himself in Holy Communion, has not done this that He should leave you to yourselves. It is surely to encourage you to go on building yourselves up, "keeping yourselves in the love of God." and thereby going on to perfection, so that if he who for this long time has been privileged to aid you, in the providence of God, is per mitted at some future time to pay a brief visit to his native land may find great improvement in this place, the congregation and Church in creasing more and more in strength, number, anal earnestness, and that he may find all the works of the parish not flagging, but receivingincreased support; that he may find the congregation more and more recognising the true functions of a congregation that they are the working body in the parish by their offerings, work, and prayers, delighting to strengthen the hands of those who are appointed to lead them. Then we should see in the distant future, the truth which we now find it so hard to believe, that God's purposes an wiser than ours, although for a moment His wisdom may be past finding out Keep yourselves, then, my brothers, my sisters, my children—keep your selves in the love of God. Keep the light of that love which has shone upon you from your infancy, though you may have from time to time screened it from you, just as you might close the shutters and shut out the glorious light from your room. Some too oftet. set up barriers to God's love from the soul, and thrust that light away. " Keep yourselves i> the love of Ged." Keep in its love and truth by Satient praying in the Holy Spirit Ask that [oly Spirit who maketh intercession for us to teach you more and more of the entire mean ing of prayer and the power of prayer, and that is the secret which prayer has in reference to religious life. "Keep yourselves in the love of God." And now, my children, I com mend you to God, and the word of His grace, which alone is able to build you up. I com mend you to Him who alone is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless be fore the presence of His glory with exceeding joy. 