A RAILWAY GHOST. As there is a ghost in this story, according to all established rules it -ought to commence with "once upon a time," but as I am somewhat of an ieonoclaBt, not even such a venerable figure of speech can escape annihilation at my hands. Lft mc be ex&et; ia chronology at least. I had been hastily summoned from Cornwall to the bedside of a wealthy eld uaele from whom I had expectations, amd as the telegram informed me that he could not survive hia present attack of gout, I thought it ought be as well for me to be "in at the death," and so one foggy day in November, 1860, found me travelling to Ashbourne, a little, out-of-theway place, whore the alt gentleman lived. Tiiere were but few passengers on the train, and I had the comfort of a carriage all to myself. We stopped to coal at some little waystation, when a'passenger was hurriedly ushered, er rather banged, into my compartment by the conductor. The stranger waB a tall, thin, middle-aged man, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple. In a dress tight-fitting and of an ancient and faded black, he looked like a man who had run very much to seed, which perhaps accounted for the luxuriant growth of his arms and lega. Observing hia clothes steaming with the damp air, I began to realize that it had suddenly become very cold. "Quite a change in the weather," I remarked. " Very cold to-night, is it not ?" "Don'tfeel the cold myself. Perhaps you would like to change places with me; there is no draft here." I replied that I should be glad to do so if it did not inconvenience him, and accordingly we changed seats. It was cold, and no mistake. I must have taken a chill, for I felt the cold creeping over me in a most unaccountable manner. Looking at my companion on the opposite seat, on whom the lamplight bow shone full, I saw that his face was not sothin nor his features so withered as I at first supposed; and I must have made a mistake as to his age, for he was by no means as old as I had previously judged. How cold it was, to be 'sure 1 As I looked at him, I noticed that his aspect ohanged momently—that he was growing younger; that the wrinkles in his face were filling out and smoothing down, and that he was gradually becoming like some one I had seen before. As his cheeks grew round and ruddy, and his hair changed from gray to brown before my very eyes, I became nervous, and endeavoured to cry out, but could not. I was paralyzed with the cold—cold that seemed to make my limbs rigid and benumb my vitals, for I saw that the man sitting before me was no longer a stranger—no mere friend or acquaintance—he had become me 1 I held up my hands to try to shut out the sight, and, as Isfiid so, BO that they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them to my brow, to see if I were dreaming, and I found it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered. And then I knew that this man—thiB Hand— had stolen my body, and given me his. Maddened with the discovery, I rose to my feet—his feet—which tottered beneath me, and I struck wildly at the vision of myself on the other seat. But I found my arms light as vapor, far they passed over his body, which went through them, giving me the impression of pain. It was a body of shade that had been given me for my own body of flesh and blood, which this wretch has stolen. By some sorcery or another, we .had indeed changed " Sorcerer—demon 1 " I cried out, only to hear myBelf speaking 'vith his sharp, cracked voice. When I saw myself sitting opposite to me, coolly addressing me in my own voice, I could no longer credit my senses—if, indeed, I had any of them at all left of my own. "Dare say you think you are speaking loud now," he said. I answered by shouting for the conductor as loudly as I could. "Ah, you might call a good deal louder than that. Why, if the carriage were full of passengers they conld no more hear you than they could see you," he continued, chuckling, and screwing my features up into fi hideously knowing grin, such as I could never have made them a«eume. You see, my friend, yours is a body of air, of shadow, insensible, impalpable to all but myseif, just ns it was to a"l bnt you when I entered the carriage. You wish, perhaps, to know who I am. Wei', two years ago to night I was a passenger by this train. There was a collision with a stupid freight train, you see, and the resnls was that several passengers were in j area. Oae of them was—well, it's no use mincing matters— tilled on the spot. Q lite se. It was I. Yep, I am what you would call a ghost, although we ds not csnsidtr that just the concct term among ourselves—we have better word for it. Now I have told you what I am, you will, doubtlesf, like to know what I want. Very good; yon shall see." The ghost in my body then began to feel in my pockets, from which he drew out my meerschaum, which he filled from my pouch and lit with one of my matches. " Ah," he proceeded, puffing like a steamengine, " you smoke very good stuff—natural leaf an Old Judge; not a bad mixture, though I prefer a little Cavendish with it myself. Not at all a bad body of yours, either," he went on, eyeing the form in which he was sitting; " not at all a bad body; and it fits me to a T, only a little short in the arms. By the way, I find one of your front teeth a little loose, so don't go and say I did that, when you come to yourself again; and your nose is a little long for me, but I dare say it blows none the worse for that." I shuddered as I saw him take out my pooket-haudkerohief and use it on that cherished organ of mine. "Yes, I dare say now yon feel the cold a little; I did at first, but it's nothing when you are used to it. I find your body very warm —being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't be for long. I require it ' positively for this night only,' as you say in your play-bills; and will return it uninjured by the time we get to Ashbourne. By the bye, let me .beg o£ you to be a little careful how you throw your arms about so much as you did just now, for my body is of a more delicate construction them yours; and being so thin in substance, I am afraid yon will chafe it under the arm-pits. You will observe, ladies and' gentlemen'" be went on, lecturer's ^tyle, "that if I take a lighted match and insert it in the corner of the patient's eye, he will feel no pain." Saying this, my dreadful companion proceeded to illustrate his Temark by making a dive at my shadowy eye with a burning match. I certainly felt no pain as the match burned in my head. "You will allow, after all you .see, that my shape has its. advantages," the ghost proceeded ; " btat it also haB its disadvantages. Try the pi^e now." I tried to take the pipe —it droppeji through my vapory fingers. He plecsd it in; my mouth; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. " Precisely so," said the ghost, i " Now, this is just what has brought m§ here to-night. A great smoker all my life] doing my twelve pipes a day regularly, Ijhave baen defunct these two yearB, and during all that time I haven't had a smoke 1 3tot a blessed draw. I miss my 'b&cca; dreaidfuL There is a provision made 9 ' for smokers down with us, you will under s'i&nd; baa we arc governed by a Board of Directors whose general incapacity equals that of maisy of your city boards. There is a stock of'bodies kept for smokers, so that if you wadt to enjoy a pipe you must go into one of the bodies to get it. But if you will believe me, the supply i3 so notoriously insufficient to meet file demand th&t; there ia chance whatever for a new ghost to get a smoke. When I entered the society all the bodjies were out in nss, and booked for three years in advance. My name has b?an down on tiie hooks for two years, and there is no ehanee of my getting a body allotted to me for af twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a! smoke! Why, sir, the incompe' tence of cjur Board is something awfuL I can only explain the reason why we put up with snch gross mismanagement in the other world is Because we have become so used to it in this. Odr constitutions, however, are being undermined to . that extent that the Board hasjat length been coerced by popular feeling inso passing a measure, empowering ghosts to render themselves visible to a single individualist a time, in order that they may effect a cbjange of bodies for short periods, always with; the consent of the person in question, for tile purpose of indulging in a habit which the {directors say they 'cannot, however, but characterize as pernicious and injurious.' (Gsorge III. and George Washington, both Enembers of the Board, opposed the measure; jthey, however, were left in a ridiculously small minority. Under this new act, I obtained Jour body." "You Sever had my consent, friend! "I cried. " f " It is jjulgar to call nameB, my friend," the ghos&replied;, smoothing my moustache with my jfingers; "but you are trifling. I asked you? to change places with me, and yon agreed, a^ you must be well aware. But, dear me 1< here we are at Ashbourne; bat, however, I must finish my pipe—think of two years, and not a blessed draw, my friend 1" 