. A»r OCE AX WAIF. . .BY A SEAFARER. - ' . 'I u-.ts second mate at- the time,' began Mr. Humphrey Boband, who related to us the fol lowing- story, ' and our vessel was a hark, named the Eagle, Wo were bound from New port, in 'Monmouthshire, to Cape Town, with a cargo of iron, and then we were to go on to Melbourne, and thence to Callao. Beside me, there were Captain Blackett, the master, and Josiah Bitting, the chief mate, along with fifteen or sixteen hands forward, including the idlers ; and, taking us all round, I don't think that ever- a better, ship's company sailed out of an English port. There wasn't a foreigner among us; there was no growling, no loafing; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it wfis not only a pleasure to give an order, but a happiness to watch the execution of it. Well, we left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and went away down the Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For near upon a fortnight there was nothing but bright ness overhead and blue water under us, mado feathery by tho whipping of the breezes which blew, sometimes nor' east and sometimes nor' west, coming now and agoin'a trifiefresh, but never so strong as to cause us onco^o furl the mainroyal day or night. Wo saw'tiothing of the trade wind till we were in about latitude 20 degrees north, and then, after blowing us along for a spell, it failed us one morning with slowly falling glass and a long, ugly grey swell coming out of the sou' west, and a sort of, dirty blue sky filmed o'er with haze that might havo passed for the trainings from Emelters' chimneys. Amid this the sun hung like a hugo jelly- fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with scarce enough of power in him to put a streak of light into tho brow of -the swell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with summits that Ecemed to bo trying to wash the yellow stain ho mado oat ol.the vault of the sky. There waa a xqueor smell of decayed marine vegetable mat ter about, which camo up in whiffs when tho rolling of the bark mado whito water along side,- and, spite of tho sky being thin enough to let- tho ghost of tho siin show through, thero was a -look overhead that mado you think that, if it was night, you'd- sec green lightning' playing about over tho mastheads, liko the dartings of tho phosphorus from tho nhip'fl side in black water when you'ro in tho tropics 'and tho night lies dead upon tho breathless bosom of tho ocean. 'Well, what theso plain signs botokoned camo to paBS right enough. Thu glass went on dropping, and tho swell camo along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at thrco o'clock tli£.t afternoon there was Ecarco more daylight visible than you'll find in tho List lingerings ot twilight ashore. Wo woro Enuggou down io lower top-sails, tha yards Dimare, for tlicra wag ho calf to braes them ono way or another whon for hoirrs thcro hadn't been a breath ol wind, no, air, not no niuoh oa to give a flutter to tho vano at the royal masthead, saving what tho barque guvu boruclf by tho swcop of her spars. All Imnda wura on (look, standing by, knowing that something was bound to happen, but incapable ol guoaBing from what quartor it: meant to *como. It was aa niuoh aa wo oould do to tuo ono anothor'n faeoa. Tha strain on tho spars and rlgglnu waa aomething fearful with tho rolling, and in tha gloom overhead you oould hear the creaking and complaining, tho eijucnling of nboavus, tho groaning of parrala and trusses. At four o'clock, or tboii-uboutii, tho wind awuut down upon ua in a body, right in the waka of tho swell, It waa wind at llrnt, bat It became a moving wall in a nhort timo, and hetom tha clewlines oould be manned tlio faretopimll blow up and burnt into amithereens, just like one ol thpae ulautio air-balls when tilled too full, It wat a terrlblo tompeat, I, who havo dean aomo fearful weather In my time, will lake my affidavit tha,t n worse storm ot wind never rased (1mn that, It picked tha uea up and nindu wheela of tho wavoa that looked— I don't oay they wora— but that looked to ba fatty or Jllty foot high, Thu Kaglo.waa lull of iron, very doep, and labored heavily, taking in tana of water forward, «o that tha under deok foroouitla was Boaroqly to bo dome at by tha man through the aouttla. In tha troughs, duikfj Iho weather rolla, the barque would lay to far over to windward that it was onouali (0 mako tha oldest aoaman I10M hl» biuath In IqoU At tha ourl ol tha onnomlng ?eft, ftllJ «pegi\Ut$ wllOlhir ,lt- WR-i l-QU»lblO that she could hoist herself ont dear of that terrific, white, roaring, flashing arch before it rolled its enormous volume clear over her. But the Eagle was a good sea-boat, having a flaring how that forced the head surges to throw her up, and a swell of. the sides that made her cork-like on tho lean of a twenty foot hill of water^ Had she been of the ordinary tank-shape it must have, been all froth to ten test above the mast-coats, with the watch on deck in the weather-rigging, and the master and mates keeping a look out in the cabin and conning her by the tell tale. ? . ? ? 'For three days we had terrible weather ; then it broke, the wind veered to duo east, and after blowins a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty- four hours settled away into tho north east and blew along steady and bright again into the trade wind. It was a Wednesday, the morning watch and I had charge of tho deojj. Daybreak found us under a foretopmast stun' sail, the Bky dear, and the east as green as moonlight with the dawn. The sea was calm, tho trade donds rolling in puffs of vapor athwart the stars, overhead and in the west, and the horizon a line as black as you could pro duco by the sweep of a pair of compasses dipped in India ink. I stepped over to leeward to have a look at the sea under the foot of the mainsail, and just then the arch of the sun jutted up and sent a long beam of silver light flashing across the ocean, the extremity of which sparkled upon an object that appeared white and glistening in the radiance. It bore about fourpoints on the lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. Sho was a vessel, of what rig I could not distinguish, but apparently under small sail. I put down the glass and waited a bit and then had auother'look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could not yet be sure, though the small canvas she showed made heir appearance singular considering the fine weather. .Jost then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I re ported the sail to him. He pointed the tde scope at her and said : ' It seems a case of distress. Tour sight's better than mine ; havo you made out anything resembling a color ? ' 1 No, sir.' ' Well, we will bear down and see what's' tho matter. Keep her away,' he calico' out to the fellow at the wheel ; and at the same time I sung out to the watch to lay aft and brace tbe yards in a trifle. This was done, and the vessel brougbtaboutapoint on our lee bow. It was not long before wo were able to make her out very.plainly with the glass. It was now seen that sho was. a small, full-rigged ship, of about eight hundred tons ; her three lower top sails and topmost staysail badbeen blown away, and her wheel and afl boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though full of water. In the lower mizzen rig ging the English ensign had been seized, union down, and there it blew, ilickering like a flame, making as strong ah appeal for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. Well,' wo shortened sail, and approached her, keeping a sharp lookout for anything that should resem ble a human being ; but there was nothing in that way to be seen. There was a longish deck house aft, and the remains of another one for ward. Thero was not much swell on, and she lay pretty quiet; giving herself a slow slant now and again that hove a epace-o! her wet side into the sun and made her flash-out like a beacon. ' She looks to be abandoned, sir,' says I to the captain. ' Why, yes, that's her appearance, cer tainly,' aays he. ' But it's a fine morning ; no harm can be done byyourstepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul.' So the bark's maintopsail wa's laid to the mast, a boat low ered, and three hands pulled me aboard the. wreck. Two men clambered over the rail after me leaving one in charge of the boat. Wo stood a moment looking around. Her decks were full of raffle, ropes, staves, and casks, and the like, the main hatches were oft, as if the crew had been jettisoning her cargo, her port bulwarks forward of tho main rigging were smashed flush with -the deck; and altogether she had tha most wrecked 2nd strained appearance that amost ever I mw in a vessel afloat. I put my hand to my mouth and sang out ' Anybody aboard here ?' but the only answer thai came was tho sound at the streaming of the wind through. the rigging, and the bubbling and washing noise at the water over the side. ' No fear aa to her not being abandoned, sir,' said one of the men. 'An empty' coffin could'nt be more destitute of life.' I stepped to the door' of the deck house and looked. in. There was no ippearanea of injury here. A table went down it, with .fixed chairs on one side and a locker on the -other, and on the port side was a. row of cabins, five or six, I think. The door of this deck-houEe swung open, and I ami the two men peered in, and then says I, ' I'll just Btep in and see if I can come across any papers belonging to her,' for I must tell you there was no name on her bows, and whatever might have been written', on her stern was under water; but scarce had- 1 uttered the above observation when a sort of thib, wailing cry came from one of tho cabins. ' Hello I ' says ono of the men,3 ' the crow has gone and left poor pussy behind. ' Pussy 1 ' says I, who had caught tho cry very clearly, and heard a noto in it there was no mistak ing ; ' that's no oat, lads. Follow me.' And I walked straight to tho cabin, from which tho sound appeared to come, and opening the door, saw just tho kind of sight my mind seemed to havo been prepared, by. tho cry wo had heard, to witness. The cabin was a bit ot box with a souttlo over tho topmost of a couplo ol bunks. There were some female garments on tho deck, along with an infant's feeding bottle, broken, and a fowotherdomestio odds and eudu only met with at sea when there arc women aboard. As wo entered a second email, wailing ory camo from the upper bunk, and, looking, wo spied a dead woman in it, with her right arm cast round a baby nine or ton mouths old. It was impossible to tell that aho waa dead till wo drew close and uaw the mgns plain, tiho ' was a young woman, not more than twenty-six or twont'y aeven, tho hair yellow, and in life I don't doubt ahe had been pretty onough, but now hot faoo waa so strangely white that aho might havo paused for. a figuro workad in plaster ol Pans. The baby was too young to Bit up; ho lay— it was a boy, air— ho lay in liia dead mother's arm, giving now and again the queer cry wo had heard, tho wail an infant utters after it ban exhausted ituolt in crying for houra. I picked him up out of the bunk, und found him wet through, and hi» flesh Uko atone for tho oold. His mother's olothea— if tha woman were hia mother, whloh I don't doubt — woro streaming wet, too, and this mado uu auppoio that aha had been driven from tho dock by the washing water, and had entered her cabin and lain down to dio there. ' Tho nvn spoko hurriedly about how it oamo to p»«j thut those two should have been left aloiio in the wreak. Who waa ahe? I Bald there wm no accounting lor what hap pened at flea. Hho might hava boon the wile of tho master, who waa drowned in' the atorm, nnd loft no ono to look alter her ; or aHhanda might have porUhed. In (jetting the bo»U over, or the orew might have forgotten her when they put off : there waa no telling. There lay the woman dead, I Bald f and I gave Iho baby to one ot tha men named Nipper to hold whlUt I pulled oft my coat to wrap the little chap up In, for ha trembled like a aniyerlng bird with tha oold, and kept on walling, an it our handl ing him and tho eound ot out voleea hail put a bit of We into him. Wejaokad hurriedly into the other onbinu, but they vtere empty, and wo oould Und no impera. - There waa no. uood bringing tho deal mother along with na (0 bury; the ahlp she waa in was her (lyhtlul, onlUn, and being very deep, with her main haloh open, J rightly rvokpneil that tht) iw bit-gt »c» that uoi up would «lnU (he wtcck but 1 ' '*' -*W^ ; enough. I don't say as J didn't mumble a prayer as I oame away holding the little chap. It was an affecting sight to see that younR woman lying thero so lonely— quite recently dead, as we might suppose by her little one being alive; and when I took a last peep at her I almost felt as il she knew that I was taking her baby away from her. We handed the infant into the boat, and shoved off for tho barqoe that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to leeward. ' What have you there, Mr. Roband? ' Bings out Capt. Blackett, Wan ing- over the rail. 'A baby, sir,' I answers, and I pulled my coat a bit open to lct.hun see tho little face inside. ' Well, well,' cries he, tossing his hands. 'Look sharp and get aboard.' All hands were looking over the .Bido when I handed the baby up, and there went a deal of hoarao whispering among the men aa they pressed forward to see the waif, learned him to the captain — the worthiest man, sir, with the teriderest heart that ever sailed a ship; he pulled off his cap as if awed by the misery and Buffering that was typified by the bairn, and his eyes filled with tears as he gazed down upon it. 'And the mother lies dead yon der,- Mr. Roband?' says ho, pointing to the wreck. ' Ay, sir,' sayB I. 'God receive her 1 ' says he. ' D'ya understand the management of babies, Mr. Roband? ' ' '. Why, I 'have two of my own,' I answered ; ' but I was so much away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I -over had a chanco of watching what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy .. But what we have to do with the baby,' Bays I, ' is to feed him and get him warm at once.' ' Then take him below— take him below, Mr. ? Roband,'. cries the captain in a tremulous voice. ' Give him your attention, sir, and never mini about your duties until you'vo got this poor little creature into shipshape condition.' Well, I carried him to my cabin, and sung out to the steward to hdp me un dress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate abject alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in tho masts 'of a two-thousand-ton ship than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both tho steward's and my fingers were eqtiare edged, and wo had to be very careful in haul ing out the safety pins and clearing the littlo chap of the things he wa3 dressed in. He cried so that I was in agony, making sure we were hurting him; but the steward said: ' No, I know the nature of infanta ; it would be unnatural if they didn't cry ; it's a fashion their lunga have of growing^ ' Are you sore ? ' says I. '.Cocksure,' saya he; 'haven't I seven of my own, Mr. Roband ? ' Then the baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that being softer than any blanket m. had aboard, the steward went and warmed some Siviss milk at the galley fire ; and whilo I was sitting waiting for the steward, with the baby lying on _my knees, the captain comes in. 'God help this poor . little one !' sayB he; 'what age would you take him to be, Mr. Boband 1 ' ' Not a year old,' Bays I.. 'Not a year old 1 ' he cried; 'how wonderful are the waya of Providence that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left unharmed by a storm that, maybe, has drowned all tho rough and sturdy fellows who filled that, vessel. It's like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seas amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel securely fly ing.' The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned' to feed the baby. I tried my hand, but it was no good ; I couldn't get the milk down his throat ; it capsized down his neck, and his being ravenous and crying made the job more difficult. ' Here, give me hold, sir,' said tile Eteward; so I put the baby on his knee. Well, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'im, anil after a bit the little chap, fell asleep, where upon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he was, quiet enough. ?Sir, we had some hopes of his. thriving after this. He was a eort of a trial in his way, for he wanted washing and dressing and feeding and looking after, and it came hard upon us who hadn't tho fingers nor the understanding for such work. He was a beautiful boy. I never Baw finer eyes in an infant; blue as tho heavens under which sye were sailing, and lovely a little figure, sir.' Sometimes when it would come to my turn to undress him I'd let him-lio naked on a flannel Bhirt - stretched across my knees, and tickle him and make him laugh, until the dropping of 'a tear, like a parched pea, down my cheek, would make me feel that I was acting the fool, and allowing thoughts of my homo and this ? bairn's loneliness to trouble me too much. He had but tho clothea we found him in ; so tho* Captain and I gave each of us a soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, a chap named Claw, to make into a couple of suits of linen for the baby ; and this and a knitted waist coat and a swathing of flannel round his little starn and legs Kept him tidy and worm and comfortable. We all got -mighty fond oi him. We'd bring him on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or oa the ensign when the weather was fine and warm, and then you'd see him kicking up his legs in tho sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at bis fingers and talking to himself. Ho made tho bark more human than ever I thought .3 vessel could be rendered. Ho begot a strong home feeling in us all, and you'd sea the moving fancies he'd put into tho men as they'd creop aft — and I never pretended to notice them — to have a look at the little 'un. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've aeon them equirt overboard . from tho quarterdeck after watch ing the baby, as it their hearts wero too full to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to expectorate. But one day, sir, thero camo an end to thia. It must have been tho cut ting of a tooth, I think. He had a tit, but pnllod through it, and wo thought him nil ? right, and I left him Bleeping and looking comfortable enough in my bunk whilo I wunt on deck. Wo were then in latitude M degrees south, in tho tail of tho trade wind. 1 had been on deck two hours, when tho steward camo up through the companion, and, ap proaching mo slowly and speaking very solemnly, he saya: 'Mr. Roband,' he saya, ? littlo Jimmy,' that waa the name ha went by. ? Littlo Jimmy,' ho says,' has gone io jinn his mother.' I Btarted and said: 'What's that you- say?' He anawored : ' ' Our littlo unV dead, eir.' 1 ran below and found the captain in my cabin looking at tho baby that lay a oo/pse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond ot the biirn, air, and tho sight hroko me down, and one or two heaving sob* oamo from mo, no more, to be' helped by me than thu tlghtnau in my throat. ' Oh, ah-, it wan as if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had cherished and looked alter had died ot the Cape oold in spite pi your love. Only thin was an immortal being, a fellow creature, a little baby that we had plunked from the very brink ot an ocean grave into whiohhla mother's dead ombraoo waa dragging him ; and wo had learned to lore him.' 'Ha i* gone I1 said Captain DlaokeU, ; ' 'tis Qod'a will, iMr. Ka band. We did, our duty by hint— we oould not have done tnore.' * We may take il, air, that his mother wanted him,' aaya, the steward. - Ay, steward, and her entreaty bos been anawerea,' say a the oaptaio, with a glanee aloft. ' ? } ' I oould not take any band in equipping the littlo mlto tor hla funeral.. I was tod rauoh npaot, elr. The saitmaker luailo a tiny hammock for him, and they put hia hands toBother, and smoothed the little wroathu of yellow hair npon his head, and dreiaod. him In clean things, and, beford ho was stltohu up, a.11 hands lay at! to aay Eood-byo, and ne'er* man among them that imtotod the cabin but stopped to give tho little oold t«o-i a klua betore. iMvlny. Wo Kept him till noxv iiu - , &uu; uuiKii iiitu uncx oi^uc uiuiy mid been made. It .-mis a green, windj, glistening morning ; the emerald seas ran at us, melting in froth as they came, and the shadows of the men gathered around the gangway swayed at our feet as the bark rolled ' over! the surges and the dancing sun darted beamklike spears of light from, the clouds through which he swung. Oh, sir! the contrast oi:jhat little ? hammock upon the grating -with' tho huge gravo that waa to receive it 1 Thejservice waa almost more than some of us could.bear ; I'd . see the men turn their heads awiay and look down, and when at last it camo tolthe passage that's a -signal at sea for tho tilting of the body jnto the water, wo all- let our breath out in a aob as tho tiny hammock- aped like a snowUake over the side and vanished in the slant of a sea Tvhosa.breakinisuinjnit flashed a rainbow over the spot.' — Londoit Telegraph. 