AT THE AQUARIUM. It was indeed a "happy thought" on the part of the Exhibition trustees to utilise a por tion of the extensive buildings and grounds tinder their control for an aquarium. It is only a visitor to the celebrated Brighton aquarium, or some of the piscatorial displays in Europe, who realises fully what an amusing as well ns instructive hour cau be spcut in a well stocked aquarium, rerhaps.it would be unwise to lay too much stress upon the instructive element in these exhibitions. The public, as a rule, don t soek instruction but amusement in their leisure hours. Only very severe people never relax, and the result of such austerity is that they become fossilised and ns much a nuisance as the man with a hohby, an invention, a uew pill or an original opera to foist upon the public. The serious business of life with some people is how to amuse themselves. Frenchmen are admittedly experts at turning frivolity into an art. Two leading principles permeate a lively Gaul's notion of the whole duty of mau, viz., to always dine well aud afterwards to bo- guilc the moments intervening between one dinner and another with pleasantry of varying degrees of innoceucv. The dining part of tho programme has my entire sympathy. A man who dines well is happy, aud a well fed nation experiences higher average felicity than tho wretched beings who swallow ill prepared food. Bat the amnsements of the people is a moro complex puzzle, and one in which ingenuity and poor humanity rushes to ex tremes. Now, extremes should always be avoided. Certainly one very harmless form of occupying the attention of pcoplo with a mind on plea sure bent is watching the gambols of fish, and picking up an acquaintance with natural history, as well as saying " how do" to old friends who belong to tho animal kingdom. It was quite tho correct thing a few weeks ago to he seen at the aquarium on Wednesday evenings. But uow that tho novelty of the exhibition has to sonic extent passed off tho "hig fish" no longer come in shoals, but the people have taken their place. Although one can gain admission to the aquarium on any afternoon, only two evenings a week are , set apart for the purpose — Wednesday and Saturday. On these nights additional attraction is given by organ recitals on the grand instrument which ornaments tho main hall. En passant it would bo well to pub licly state that these recitals are excellent in their way, hut that they would he more excel lent still if given under less distracting circum stances. It is now winter, aud the main hail is not exactly as cosy as one's own music room. .Why then are tho doors kept ygwitiflg open ? It is distressing, ns gusts of cooling night air swoop in upon the audience, to witness irate old folks trying to keep out of the line of draught, and the femiuiua fluttcriugs iu readjusting feathers, head gear nnd fripperies rudely blown about by au eager and nipping wind, which to students of Shnkspoare heralds the entrance of th6 poor ghost iu Hamlet, and drives away- all soul for music. In this respect then there is plenty of room for making pcoplo more com-, fortahle. Having had my fling nt the music, a topic which somehow always makes one either personal or tremulously self-assertive, 1 will now ask for undivided attention while saying a few words "about tho piscine tribes of tho Southern-Pacific. Although not much more than a twelve month has been spent iu constructing the aquarium it is already of creditable dimensions, and contains about a dozen tanks full ftf marine specimens, besides two grottoes, a cave nud several seal ponds. Upwards of 100 different specimens havo been procured, and great care is taken to keop (hem in perfect health nnd activity. The tanks inside are beautifully fitted up with rock work, each one representing a miniature cave. Compressed air is forced into them from the bottom, and a perfectly charming effect is produced hy columns of air bubbles uninterruptedly passing through the wator, giving to it sparkle aud life. Some of the tanks are placed upon stnuds, aud others arc built into the aquarium. The latter appear tho uibst effective, mid pausing before them for a time you cau become nearlv enchauted by Ucepiug oue cyo steadily fixed ou the gliding motion of the fish nud throwing the other back into your imagination, there to run riot in the wild fantasticnt sub marine - yarn" which Jules Verne has spun in Ticentg Thousand Leagues Under the Sen. As the saw shark, (he monk fish and ' the fiddler, the pig fish, the skate and the sea horse, the sea bullhead, the old wtfe, or the severe! species nf fatheads move past or sltoni away at all imaginable angles, as unconcerned ns possible at the wondering eyes of the natural curiosities nn the other side of Ihc tank, the spectator, with the latent pnet in his soul, feels himself " uplifted," as tho religious revivalists say, and a slave to FnRorei ?tatclio«l in riikctM'oi'iftl idleness. Though for the most, part the aquarium is yet only stocked wifh littoral or shore iish, nnd many of tho same kind have been familiar friends nn the breakfast aud dinner table since cur erstwhile happy childhood, they neverthe less are most interesting specimens. Deep sea fish arc not only difficult to obtain but also moro difficult to keep alive in nil artificial state. It is admitted all round that a hig marine monster safe iu a tank would be an irresistible attraction, espe cially if a little excitement was permitted when feeding the pet. His mode of making mince meat of a biped or quadruped would he most interesting — naturally so for a hungry shark, and reflectively so for the uninvited assembled on the outside of the lauk at the pot luck " meal. Such a uovelty should be added without delay, and would he n capital substitute in these prosaic days for the gladiatorial show or hull fight. The pro. cut lording lioiu- (three o'clock every afternoon) has already become the loadstone to all youngsters -.vlu> cau command an indulgent parent to expend his treasure in ex panding their knowledge of life as typified amongst t he odd fishes collected in I he aquarium. At all times is the zest shown by children for enjoyment ihe real source of pleasure to a good parent, and from this strictly parental point of view tho aquarium possesses mutual attraction-, to old and young. Eager groups are always lobe seen lingering in front of the tanks. The common shark, though so much dreaded by cveiyone. is most in demand, but great dif ficulty lias been fouud iu keeping smaller specimens of this iish. lis they invariably de stroy themselves by knocking their brains out against the rock work of the lauks. This violent ae.tion would seem to be lie the popular uotion that the inhabitants of marine beds alone enjoy, metaphorically speak ing. a bed of roses, but rather that the pisca torial world is also agitated by the problem. Is life worth living? The nncanuy octopus, the capricious crab, and the jointloss and limbless echinodermuta arc worthy of a closer study, anil are no less interesting than the sea elephant and seal. But a wondering public is always most impressed by huik, nnd the sea elephant, besides having a perfect parodist) of a cave, has enough hulk of his own to draw crowds of admirers. However, I like not tho ancient and Iish like smell hanging about tlio playful sea elephant : in fact, I might even go so far as to say, without compromising myself, that his presence is so strongly made known to the sense of smell thai one wishes hint tiie canning of the flatheud. whose haunts are far from the madding crowd, and buries himself in the sand while waiting for prey. For the adult visitors night time is ihc most effective, becauso then the optical impressions intended to be produced by the construction of caves and grottoes are most felt. No donbt tvh-u the winter garden has been added to the present design and tho aquarium itself greatly enlarged ; when the deep sea bos yielded up some of its piscine novelties for the delight of landsmen, and the fair weather mermaids who go to the aquarium to copy the gliding motion V. so much admired in contradistinction to the awkward shuflling walk of Mary Ann.; when the charms of the hurdy-gurdy and the thun der of the big drum are added to the show ; and when the ferneries are more extended, to permit an uninterrupted intellectual conversation to be carried on in whispered " soft nothings," within tho hearing of gurgling fountains, the gentle toolings of flutes aud trombones, then the aquarium will each day number its visitors by the thousands instead of hundreds as at present. The trustees are not insen sible to the great future before the aquarium, and they havo extensive plans in readiness, the execution of which is only awaiting that indispensable article, called "coin" by the Americans, which the Government is asked to furnish. Up to the present time about £4000 has been expended on the aquarium, and to make it fully worthy of the colony at least £10,000 more should be spent. There is every encouragement to hope forsnch an expenditure would be reproductive. This is de monstrated hy the fact that over £100 per week for admission tees has been received from the public since the opening of the aquarium. 