GLANCES AT SOME OF THE POETS OF YOUNG ? IRELAND.-- ? , ' : . .. : .: By Frank J. Donohue. VII. — Richard Dalton Williams; They were a hand of brethren, richly graced ; ' ' ? ' 'With all that most esalto the sono of men— . ' . Youth, courage, honour, wit, woll-placed— When shall wo sco thoir parallolo ftgain ? The very flowor and fruitaco of their ago, Destined for dnty'o crosn or glory's pago. These lines occur among a copy of versos written by the ill-fated Thomas D'Arcy M'Gee on hearing the tidings of Williams' death. Tho band of brethren referred to numbered amongst them certainly somo of the choicest spirits of the time. ' Young Ireland' held tho magic magnet which attracted xne genius or tlie clay towards aer as to a common centre. Thoso literary, evenings at Duffy's house, of which he tells us in his book, must have witnessed many a brilliant gathering of talent, crude a'rid developed. These advanced political parties seem always to have a peculiar fascination for the young and hot-headed students of art and letters. The Quariior Latin ?of Paris has been the historic training-ground of revolutionists, and the cafds of tho students and rising litterateurs of that city have always been ? the centres whence radiated the most inflammatory and revolutionary of philosophic theories and the most eccentric and erratic of- political schemes. One phase of the^] Young Ireland Iparty presents, exactly the same features as these Bohemian gatherings of the gay French capital. Williams and O'Doherty were medical students ; Mangan was a social pariah ; Meagher and others were ex- students just let loose from college ; others were limbs of the law ; while other some scattered their seed in the [anything but flowery paths of literature. Williams certainly kepb up the tradition of his class. Medical students — from some occult cause known only to the faculty, probably — have always been a fun-loving and riotous class. ' Shamrock ' of the Nation, when his verse aang not of passionate love or hate, delighted to sit in the seat of the scornful and play the wag. One whole section of his book is devoted to the 'Misad- ventures of a Medical Student,' and if the rollick ing rerses and rippling rhymes which tell of 'Blighted Love,' 'Quodded,' 'My Skull,' 'Romance in Real life/3 and othern of the same class, may be taken to be autobiographical, we may safely say that all the timo not spent by him in walking the hospitals was not given to woo ing the national muse ! ' Shamrock' must have been in the habit of hearing the chimes at midnight with considerable regularity indeed, to have gathered the local colouring for some of the jingles just mentioned. Thus, for instance, we get a glimpse of one phase of his Boheniianism in these rhymes, descriptive of whore the nomad pitched his tent : — *' You must know, Attic reader, I'vo reckoned it prudent In lodgings to run my career as a. studemt, And prefer the most tow'rinjj co jt-lofty abodes, As more near to my iucoino, freak air, and tho gods; And I've hunted tho city, my fortunes to puoh, From Kilmainham north-vest) to south- east Beggar's-buah. . 'Tis all one—or with Rooiiey, Bainsbottoin, or Rogers, I am destined to ho the most ruoful of lodgors. The springs of pianos, whorevor I go, \- ' ? Like the wrath of Achilles aro 'springs of great woe;' Young girln otuii their beaux, and old inaido otun their parrots, And the polka is tliumpod from the ground to the garrets ; '?; ' '. Or I'm sure to encounter some amateur dunce — 'Who jars on the fooling and llddlo at once. Then the landladies aim at my heart or my pocket, And give notice to quit, or — a portrait and lockot.' Some notion of what constituted the available . , assets of a medical student of the period with an 1 ear. for rhyme, may be gleaned from the following : . ? characteristic inventory. His list of goods and chattels — ? ' — to meet a schedule pretty full Had rather more than plenty in a thorax and a skull. Basides— I thank post mortems — I also elaim as mine A heart, and lungs, and liver, in a jar of spirits of \7i110 ; : And ourions little monstoro from tho Niger aud the Ganges, '' ' An alderman's intestines, and a pickpocket's phalanges.' Not a very satisfactory catalogue to the creditor, ? probably, but quite enough, with his talent, to ' establish the owner's title to a freehold in the 'wonderful city of Prague.' The reckless life of these few years, spiced occasionally by what the poet called a ' bender,' and varied from day to day by predatory visit3 from scurvy catchpolls, and inspiratory ones from tho Muse, seems to have been thoroughly enjoyed by the young medico. One of these visits, by the .way, he has very characteristically photographed in hit) atrocity labelled ' The Taxman ' : 'A moon a go, ono morning1, :\n X tried to kill the blues Bt the fragrance of munillas and elopements in tho news, All suddenly tho echo of a npuriouo doublo knock So etartled mo that both of thorn dropped from mo at tli»J shock ; Bnt my viuaigrctto was near me— it was near me, thank my stars, For my nerves are very weak from dicaipaiiion and eigaro. I sank upon the ouahioan of a lounger, rich and thick (Like all my ofchor furniture, I had it upon tick), Till the valot brought mo, jjrinninjjly, an oblong- billet : . doux. With Queen Victoria's complimcntB requesting onopound two. 'By Parnassus, 'tis tho faxnian — ho hath eallocl thrco time3 before — ?The phantom of the threshold' — tho lion's at tho door; ?Say, Tom, I'm sick, or not at homo, aud won't bo back at all.' ?:, 'So I told him, plaiso your honour, but ho wouldn't lave the hall.' Well, then, thought I, soft solder must bo t,riron aabefors ; So I took :i. gentle stimulant, and hastened to tho door. ?,' In my richeisl; robu-de- chambre, nnd my Turkish slippers too, And my very blandest siirnior, I be^an with, 'Ah I how do?' But the taxniau spako unto mo, ' Thrao times I'vo called . ; . in vain ; , .., . By the Hokey, you shall ruo it if you mako me call again.' ''!'.'??. (Hfou. — Proi.nbiy this Hokey's ho whom savage Musea ;v sing— .;-' Of all the inlands cannibal tho not unworthy king.) , Aud then the door he moat melodramatically clammed* _ , A flue ompliatio pimtomiaje, oxprosaLug, ' You be — — ,' ' i: ;-'.? ; ' ' ? .. It is difficult to tell what is the more remarkable here, — the felicity of expression, or the slipshod ease of the rhyme. It is as hard to believe that the writer of this discursive jingle is identical with him who in other pieces we might quote showed such passionate fibre and clear-cut forco. His ready familiarity with tho technical terms of his craft is made good use of in these broad comedy verses. In these unpronounceable abomina tions it pleases liia erratic fancy to describe the eccentric capers he ascribes to his skulls and skeletons, and the other items in hia ghastly col lection. Quite as ghastly a character, however, is that perpetuated in the ' Dream of the Rotundo,' wherein one of the ' No Popery' open-air preaehers is gibbetted — ; .-. ?.;.-.?. , ' I walked to the window, and saw a great crowd, ' . And heard a queer voice, leas imelodions than loud, And nn audience, with hands independent of soap, Contracted !tbeir)rwloi'saiidgir6aiied for the Pope ; And 1- knew by the'wonderingbi'bws of the1 throng That; your, reverence wasi,p.itphiug:itdeucedly, strong ; And tbe men;, took their huts oil, ancl .wildly. Mdibare ' ' All their bumps phi'euologic to me and the air ; ?'?' But Hvhat grieved' rne, - sbine ladies, God Help them J were , \ , there,,, :;' ? ?? 'h^]..\'(:.: '-???- ?.??''?.;?????'???'.? v ' '' '?-..:'.? Ai).on, by y.our orbiculoA'is, 'twas plain .:.. :. ' '? . You were trying, no doubt, a .stitirio'nl strain ; ? Aud iiv' poisonous '' bitter i 'ess (nought could surpass it Save hydrocyanic or strong1 nitric acid ; . .) , , And.arisutidurJonJcud showed yerywell ;, \ You v.'ere'pitching Repeal and Repaalers to' ' ' ' \ 3 - And of 'Papists' you spoke with so rabid a hate, ? ; We might whistle for dieaven if you kept th'S gate. . Like a Gennun ghost story, .'twajjhcirribly.pdd. . ' ' To' hear hatred lireached by a servant of God— - . That is if timadniaui -unconscious of shame, ; : Because he wearsblack, msy pretend to the riamo ..,v. ., . Tor I'll .fearlessly ^take my profas«ional skill ; That }ylieuever yoxi die,'as you certainly will, , ; ?'? ? ? ?- '?'The ?j/ostiiiorfcto';ii:que'st-Tfill'show Vei%y plain ' ,,; /..;/! . Alarg'esolid tumour compre'ssmg your brain, i . a. Or serous ell'usion,. or trulj may be 'tis,; ,. : Poor ihaii^ that you sufer aciiteaVdctinitis. ' But/ whatever t;u c devil's the inUttef , I know i . ' ? That your heart and' your brain are 'but yery so-so.' . . Another some-yhats.eyere little gibe is that con tained in the lines addressed ' To a Young Poet.' The young person in1 question appears to have laboured under a similar burden 'to that' which, afflicts some misguided young gentlemen of a later period, — a complaint. which -.'does not confine itself to the concocting of wretched rhymes as its chief symptom. If some of the unfortunates afflicted in this painful way would take: '. Shamrock's' pro fessional advice to heart the public would be mercifully saved much unnecessary agony, and the sufferers themselves some heartburnings. The subject in this instance is diagnosed in this wise : — ' Snooks, my friend, I seo with sorrow How you waste much precious time — Notwithstanding all you borrow In concocting wretched rhyme. Do not think that I fling any Innuendos at your head, When I state the fact that many : Mines of Wicklow team with leadi ; : . ? : ' Snooks, my friend, you are a ninny ? (Class, mammalia — genus, muff,) '.'?'. If you hope to make a guinea ; ;,.-: / ?. By such caterwauliug stuff. ; : ?? ? ? '. : ,.' Lives of poetu all remind us ' , ] ' ? We may write ' demnition' fine, ? ; ; ? i : ? . ? Leaving still unsolved behind ua ' ? ? .. ? ? The problem, ' How are bards to dine V Problem which perhaps some others, As through life thoy dodgo about, Soeiup, shall suppose our mothers Did not know that we wero out. Hang the bard, and cut the punster, ITling all rhyming1 to tho deuce, Take a. business tonr through Munster, Shoot a landlord — be of use!' But enough of this. This kind of thing, though Trail enough in its way, was not exactly the work that made the name of Richard Dalton Williams a household word amongst the readers of the Nation forty years ago. There was higher work for him to do than this eap-and- bells business, and if he played the part of the jester during the oalad-day of hia light-hearted, merry Bohemian ism, it was powerless to conceal the deep vein of poetic and national feeling which coursed freely and uninterruptedly beneath. Some of Williams' best work was done after the event of '4S, and amongst his miscellaneous verse are many gems of sterling worth like that sweet morccau, instinct with tender feeling, entitled ' The Dying Girl.' It describes one of those pathetic incidents which all physicians in active practice are familiar with j and the gentle tenderness of the lines, and the soft sweetness of the sentiment, show that the writer brought an artist's ear and a poet's heart to the Bad scene of hia professional duties. ' From a Munster vale they brought nor From tho puro and balmy air. An Ormond peasant's daughtor. With bluo eyes and golden hair— They brought her to thtf city, And she faded slowly thore, Consumption has no pity 3?or bluo eyes and golden hair.. '' ' ? When I saw her first reclining, . Her lips wore moved in pray'r, ? . ! ' And the sotting oun wan shining I On h»r looaoncd polden hair. When our kindly glances met her, Deadly brilliant was her eye. And she said that she was better, While we knew that she must die. She speaka of Munster valleys, Tho pattern, dance, and fair, And her thin hand f oobly dallies With her (scattered golden hair. When silently we listened To her breath with quiet care, Her eyes with wonder glistened, And eho aakod ua what was there. Well, sho smiled and chattad gaily ; Though we anw tu muta denpair Tho hectic brighter daily, Aud tho death-dew on her hair. And oft her wasted augers Beating time up-n the bed, ? O'er somo old tuno she lingers, . . : , And sho bows her golden head. . At length the harp is broken, .?'-?;'?. Aud the spirit in its strings, . , As tha List decroo is spoken, To its sourco exulting springs. Descending1 swif ty from the skies, Hor guardian angel came, ? . He struck God's lightning from har eyes And bore Him back tho flame.' ilia love- verses are such graceful little lyrics as *e — tt laey poet may indite, Or as romantic maiden might, « \ Daintily, to her lover write.' These verses, for instance, are pretty : — ' I love thee.far before them all Of beauty's train tlmtbbj Thy smilo and step in bower and hall, The lightest words from thee that fall, Thy very shadow on the wall Is something dear to me. As when the bee from roses sips The fairest fragrant wino— As the flerco sun in ocean dips When Thetis' arms Ms 'fires' ?eclipse'— To Ihee I fly with thirsting lips That wildly quaff from thine. And yet my speech is only siglis To speak my love to thee ; In vain my tongue to woo thee tries, Nor dare I gaze into'thine eyes, '????'?? Although the blue and starry siios Aro less divine to me.' . A powerful national piece of quite another cjast is 'Eyrie Eleison,' from which we take the fol lowing:— ' Lifeand death aro in thy hand, ' ? Lord, have mercy ! Th.9.t-liffht came down at thy oomtnand, Christ, havo mercy ! The famine pang and fever pain Tear the nation'B heart in twain — '?': Human aid is sought iu vain, — Faroe nohis, Domino ! Without a prayer or passing bell, Lord, havo mercy I Tha shroudless armies hourly swell, . '..'?' Christ, havo mercy ! The dying, ghastlier than the dead, With blanched lips havo vainly said 'Give us this day our daily bread — ' Parco nobis, Domino ! ,...:. Before the isle is all a grave, ..:,???,?? . ? . . .? Lord, have mercy ! Ariso ! mysterious God, and save ; Christ, have mercy ! But if the pestilential sun , , Must see us wither, one by one, Thy hand hath made — thy vrill be done, Parcc nobis, Domino I' We might, extract at greater length from Wil liams' volume, of verse, but what we have given will serve to show the character of his work. One writer in the. Nation, speaking of him in '61, says that 'there is more imagination in this Tipperary singer than would form one hundred of the ordi nary rhetoricians, who attempt ' the toil divine of Terse/ His intellect is robust and vigorous ; his passion impetuous and noble ; his perceptions of beauty most delicate and enthusiastic ; and his humour'is irresistible.' Making allowance for the frequently-exhibited fellow-feeling of these writers, these remarks are, in the main, just and fair. It is sad to turn from the brilliant promise of this writer's early, career to its close, and see how, like that of many of the other young men of his party, it was blasted ky his national sympathies and by his connection with the move ment which developed his powers. Williams died amongst strangers, in his fortieth year, at Thibodeaux, Louisiana. MfGee, whom we quote at the head of this article, wrote a wreath of verses for his tomb. Twelve months after his death, a company of Irish soldiers halted near his burial-place. His grave had fallen into neglect, and was marked only by a wooden cross. These brave fellows were prompted by their native warmth of heart, and their affection for the poet who had laboured for their common fatherland, to a graceful and touching act in per petuation of his memory. They erected a monu ment of Carrara marble over his grave, and left it with an appropriate inscription ; and the poet's fellow-singer fittingly commemorated the inci dent in the lines commencing ' God bless the brave ! the bravo alone Were worthy to have done the deed. A soldier's hand has raised the stone, Another traced the lines men read, Another set the guardian rail Above thy minstrel— Innisfail I' : ? '?; ? 