A True Ghost Story. '1HE folbwinj; is a.ghost story with much more foundation in fact than such yarns usually possess :— Oh the road leading from Egre mont, Mass., to Mt. Everett is a Iioiisr which was once, the home of a sea captain who was murdered by tlie insubordinate crew of his shiu. After that event, on stormy nights, his wife and daughter used to be disturbed by sounds of creaking cordage, flapping- sails, clanking chains, and other nautical sounds which seemed to come from the gar ret. Above all the rest of the noise and turmoil, whoever was down stairs could hear angry voices, groans, and cries for help. A great many people used to gather in the house on stormy nights to hear the unaccountable and alarming racket in the garret, but no one ever had enough courage to open the garret door and try to solve the mystery I on such occasions. At length the widow and her daughter abandoned the house, the doors and windows of which were boarded up. AH tHis took nlace 50 veara atro. and but few who have seen the ruined house know its singular history. A short ttime ago a Mrs. Melius, a grand daughter of the old captain, living in Lowell, received a letter from a sailor from a South American port, who said that he was on the ship with her grandfather on tlie night when latter was killed ; he said that the captain wanted him to go to Egre mont'and tell his wife and daughter that he had been murdered, and that enough money had been buried in one corner of the cellar to keep them in comlort all tbe rest ot tbeir Jives. The sailor went to Egremont as he had promised, but resolved to have the money in the cellar for himself. By an ingenious arrangement of chains and other available material, he originated and kept up the sup posed supernatural tumult which had driven the captain's widow and daughter from their home. He then made a successful search for the money, which he took with him to Pern. Remorse and tbe probability of immediate death induced him to write the letter of explanation to the grand- daughter. The Rev. Mr. Earl is licensed to marry at Panbula, and the Rev. Mr. Forbes at Eden. Meeting to elect trustees of Cooma Commonage on 16th January, at 4 p.m., in the Court House. Messrs. Devereux and Sons, store keepers, of Bombala, who assigned their estate some time ago, have paid their creditors 20s. in the £. Christmas day in Cooma was cool. Refreshingshowersof rain fell all day, and it was cold enough at night to sit by tlie fireside. No sports of any kind took placp in Cooma on Boxing day. Mr. itoDGrt western Dawson (holder of a second-class certificate, granted by the Stock Board of Examiners) is gazetted as Inspector of S'aeep. end Deputy Registrar of Brands»:(br 3jhe Sbebp Districts Of Bombala and Eden, also inspector of thepoundsatBega.Bombala.Cobarsro, Can^elo, PanbuIa.Delegate, Colombo, and Wyndham. A cow straying in Vale-street, Cooma, at dusk on Wednesday even ing charged Mr. Charles Burns, a stout man, who ran to the verandah of Messrs. Jackson and Treloar's store, where he dodged around one of tlie posts, and succeeded in es caping tlie infuriated animal, which then galloped down the street, fol lowed by a lot of dogs. It is time the police took action against tlie owners of cattle straying in the streets. Tbe . Plymouth Guildhall was crowded on November 6 to hear a charge of stabbing preferred under remarkable eircumstanpes against the Rev.. William Stewart Ross, until two years ago rector of Christ Church, Belfast. The evidence was very sen MlllUUttl. UU lillC JMCV1UUB lilgUb, IU1. Robs iyas engaged in addressing a meeting at the $Toung Mpn's Chris tian Association, Bank-street, Ply mouth, when suddenly his equani mity web disturbed by the sudden appearance of two gentlemen, one of whom charged him with hypocrisy, and accused him of having run a^ay with his wife. This gentleman was Mr. Charles Foy, Commissioner of ^migration. It appears that a few months pjnee Ross, who is a married man and has two or three pl)j|dren, mysteriously disappeared from Bel fast. At the same period one of his ^congregation, Mrs. Foy, was likewise missed. Shor.t'y afterwards Mr. Foy received a letter in which Mr. Eo$s appealed to him to arrange a divorce. A week ago a friend of Mr. Foy's happened to hear Mr, Ross speaking at a Plymouth religious meeting/and lie communicated the fact to. his friend at once. As Boon as Foy de nounced Ross for his conduct he de oamped from the building, but tbe hue and pry wai raised, apd he wbb followed by a mob. He eejepted al) tbe byways, but after running a jnjle -was so exhausted that he could not eontf nnp, Brpughtto bay, he pulled out and onensd his nenknife. and stabbed two of the most apt} vp qf b{s pursuers in ihB bands, Ho was then disarmed and arrested, Mr, Foy found his wife at' prisoner's resi dence, a house in the suburbs, and when he reproached her in court she said she was proud oi what she bad done, The torhoner was remanded 