Ghost Stories. Third Stoky. A laboeek^ an his way homeward about nightfall, was passing along the outskirts of a little village, when his ear was assailed by repeated : groans, which seemed to issue out of the ground beneath his, feet. Looking about him, and listening, he presently' discovered that they proceeded from an old well, which had been abandoned, dnfl was half filled with rubbish. Approaching the edge of it, he called aloud,' but re ceived no answer, except the same groans, which were uttered at intervals, with a hollow1 wVerberitibii;' that ap tpearied';;to die!1 away'in :isahterhtiean' passages. To see anything below;1 the surface was impossible, and the' man1 set off at once to announce this strange occurrence, and, seek assistance from the nearest houses/ ' The alarm spread rapidly; and, in a little while, a busy crowd was, collected at the spot, with torches, ropes, and other implements; for the purpose of solving.' the mystery,, and releasing the unknown sufferer.! ^.1 windlass s^nd bucket werb^ha&tily;: pr® , . . lV / cur;ed, and rigged upand one, ^nore adventurous than his neighbors,1 Volun teered to" decendl They let him down about twenty feet, until he reached the bottom, which he declared to be com pletely covered by a large barrel; upon which he found firm footing. At*this timey the noise had ceased : and the new comers were disposed to question the truth of what had been told, tliem ±Sut those wno liaa nrst reacnea tne place, stoutly and angrily reasserted the reality of what hey had heard. The first explorer had been drawn up almost to the top, when the groans were renewed, to the discomfiture of= the Sceptics, and the, dismay of some,of the. bystanders. Dark hints were con voyed in smothered whispers from one to another. A few were observed to steal out of the circle, and silently move off towards their homes. None showed any particular inclination to repeat the decent in their own persons. But at last, (two or three, more resolute than the rest, determihd, "at all hazards, and tathe last extremity," to know what- was heneath the barrel. A pair of shears was sent for, suck as are . usedj for hoisting heavy packages into ware houses. Another descent was made, > and, in spite of groans that might have shaken the nerves of Pilgrim himself,! the shears; were securely hitched on ! either aide of the barrel. Several pair of 1 strong arms were applied to the Wind- 'j lass, but all their efforts proved fruit less for a time'. It iseemed as if the barrel had been anchored to the rock fast foundations of the.earth. At last, however, it yielded a: little : and with a slow, interrupted motion, mid. a bai-ph, scraping sound, an . empty barrel,-j with no heading/ was detached from - its fa&teniHgs;, and then rhrplight;:?oup rapidly to the top. Once more/ ia daring fellow went down/aJEirMd©#©? teeth, after giving rapeatedlinlui^bh'' to his assistants to turn veiy- slowly, and hold on hard. -He inco^fer^ at the bottdm a foMotid^e^MnMd i indeed, at least, in such a situation. It was tio other thah a%oV?/' j&mmfed; into the lowest park 6f tHh^M, ^With ;i to the ' sky' above," ®he;%OOT.' heastr; .indulging a tier Head into; an ■; empty ^ sait barrel. ] Her horns had stuck f^t wthe«idea; j ,and retreating blindly, m h«r elEoHi .escape, she.had backed dpv*n 'tj^ynyj well, dragging the,, barrel aft^rj-}h^,| which fitted so closely to the w(atb raf! the pit, as to break the . force .of - her: .fall. . fWith some difficulty,; the poor ; creature; was extricated £rpm; Imrsad plight,; without inju^.- bpt prolmbly not without (matter for seriousr?zw2.ma <«»!• . The subject of the fourth and fast is the only; one not derived from parties personally coghizaht' of fhe^!! facts ■£ -bht this circumstance: Is'ifuBy boin pensatedby the 'eurrencb'at the rime ami place1 rwhere it. happened^ as well as' the promaii^t social position of the ' 'gentleman coh-r - cerned ih it. HeWas; a lawyer bf re spectability in the State, and was riding alone one summer evemhg;1 to attend a court. The clouds, which had been threatening for some hours, shut out the expiring; gleams of day- J light by suddenly folding together ' their dark heavy skirts, and began to ; let fall those great drops of rain Which ; precede a thunder-storm. The road was lonely ; for it lay chiefly through forest land, and where it skirted a. plantation, it was generally at some distance from ihe'TmHhsibhl ^ J traveller was thus obliged to keep on his course, long after the increasing violence of the storm; had made him.:: long for some shelter, hoWever humble. " . In vain did he endeavor, by the aid of the lightning that flashed,every instant - around him, to descry somehouseirin.' vain, did he hope, in the moments of darkness which intervened, to discover the feint twinkle of light from some log cabin- or negro-quarter. Mean time, the elements seemed tq ldsh them selves into greater "fury: the lightning blazed incessantly, the thunder crashed into his ears, and the. falling limbs of! trees contributed- ,iq the daiiger and embarrassment - of .his situatioii. nfis-' horse became terrified; now he 'stood still and trembled,' .'resisting every attempt to'ifege'him on: and now obeying a sudden and frantic,impulse, ■would spring' forward With a force that menaced, destruction both to his rider and himself. .After some miles7 had been passed in this 'yra,y-r—an;"ek-* perience which no man can well = ap preciate who has not endured it—the traveller was overjoyed to find himself in the neighborhood of ,a house. . It was one, of the old giefie phurchejs, deserted and partly in ruins :. but the walls and roof were still sufficiently good to afford some protection, ana of this he gladly availed himself.. Dis mounting at the door, he led. in - and tied his horse, and took his seat in one of the pews, until the ; abatement of the Storm: should allow: him to pro-, ceed. .The place, the bowythe scene, wier© calculated .tQ'-©K<n1»':'imp^3ibiis" of awe: and his, first feelings of satisfaction naturally gave way to thoughts of a serious ; r and solemn character., Thus occupied, he sat for some minutes, taking advantage of the fitful light, which momently illumined the church, to survey its j interior. At last his eyes, rest on the I pulpit, and he sees—no! it is im-j possible—yes, he does see a: figure all: in white, its face,pale and ghastly, ;but its eyes gleaming with the fire of- ah j incarnate fiend ! Now i& stretches it self upward, tall and erect, its long, skinny arm pointing to Heaven! Now it leans over the sacred desk, gesticula ting and gibbering, with ; wild and devilish grimaces, ;that seem to mock those to whom they are addressed, with threats of hellish torture ! :1s there any one else in the church ? Not a soul is .visible. There is our~ lawyer alone,; with that strange : and fearful preacher—no inattentive observer, we may be sure, of the pantomime, which" is but half revealed to him: it is only pantomime, for the roar of the ^ele ments drowns every other sound, and 110 voice falls upon his ear. What are his thoughts at this moment ? It $ ri'-'i.!'J!a5S>f would be' hard to say. . fatigued and exhausted by .sjieh ^ex^ posure and toil,, placed w a1' situation so unUsual, aiidvwitnessing^a^pe^taple so iemhlb'likedhe legend of infernal malice and blasphemy,' and, lei bim pronounce, if be can, that his-courage and self-possession would be egunl to the trial. But tp return—-for some time the presence of the sole .Bpefr rtator seemed to be unnotieedby'lthfe occupant ofthe'pulpit'^-But at last,, during one long, vivid flashy their .eyes" met, sand—oh! the agony of that moment !—he f saw that he was , dis covered. /Instantly, the figure de scended from the, pulpit > ^and ap proached him, with rapid strides. - It mm ail joveywifch hiBinanhoodj: flow— be thought of nothing but^ilighb_e^ taring refuge in that very storm, from which he had but ^recently. escaped. .He.rushed towards his horse—but ,the wctwhI had. broken bridle, and was goncf Without stopping to, Ibok .round, our hero, gained the^ road^ and! set ofE at full speed; for he heard close Jbehind him the" yells asicfi screams of Ms pursuer! It was a race for iifef— aye, and fqr what besides life hedared ^not think: but he sfrainedovervnenrd to outstnp the fiend who held him ut chase Alas! alas j his hour was cornel Breathless, alike from exertion and A ' t» 5J, 1 *t , t Jf, -1- -«fi >»• lr i shriek of triumphant hate, leaped upon him, and fastened her clawB into his face and throat I He was in capable of resistance," for he'"had fainted. Fortunately; at this ye^( juncture, a number of other persons came to the reseue, whose' approach "whs quickened by the bries which'they had heard. - They extricated' the insen sible man from the hands1 of the maniac, hud took measures for his restoration, and h£rJ security. The unhappy woman had escaped that day. from 1 he custody of her, friends,; and hid herself in the woods. The vicinity oft the old church was ,a favorite haunt of hers, and the storm drove ' her within its walls. Her disordered mind, excited by the sights and sounds Of the teaupeBt; sought a vent for its tumult in imaginary declamation from the pulpit, till the sight of a human face.1 and'; form gave her feelrags another direction. With what motive she first approached the intruder, of course, could never be asscertamed : but the Confession of weakness which his flight implied, and the maddening stimulus of the pursuit, would have sufficed to -change an indifferent, -or even a kindly purpose,- into one of bitterness and fury. • Such is the ex planation, of this ^singular and painful adventure :• an explanation however, which, iii the impression left upon the mind, does approximate nearly to the effCbt of tragic and supernatiiral fictiohs. "... .» . 