Kotes on Current Events. Jack Palstaff refused to give, a reason on com pulsion, even though reasons were as thick as blackberries. Perhaps in that respect Mr. Banken would have done well to have imitated his T-roto- type — ^his prototype at least in the quality of courage, if not exactly in that of wit. Discretion has been, with a vengeance, the better part of Mr. Banken's valor, and t£.e opinions which the public have already formed . of it are tiot likely to be much modified by his readiness to give reasons for ' it. The reasons in fact are no reasons at all, or else are such as would have ? nerved a genuine man more firmly for the contest from which Mr. Eanben has: slunk aside. The supporters whom his imagination conjures up as certain to range themselves on the side of Sir Henry Parkes are assuredly in no small proportion a host as un substantial as the Kiama ghost. It would be interesting to learn- by what occult process he has arrived at his conclusions as to the figures which the manifestation, at the ballot-box will show, and how he' has managed to gauge with such arithmetical precision what he terms the 'magnetic influence' of the Knight of Paleonbridge in the electorate of Argyle. How ever, it is fortunate that the political struggle from which Mr. Eanken has retired so ingloriously is to be fought out by a champion who, at all events, is not going to be seared either by figures or phantoms of his own or other people's raising. Jarndyce and Jarndyce again. Some time ago a will was propounded on the ecclesiastical side of the Supreme Court. Its validity was disputed, and there was a solemn trial at common law, when the jury found that the will was a good one. Thereupon the judge who tried the case remitted the finding to the ecclesiastical judge, who gravely and solemnly confirmed the will, and admitted it to probate. But then it turned out that, valid as the will was, there was nothing for itto ope rate upon, for the whole estate had been swallowed up in costs. There was enough to pay the plain tiff's bill, but the defendant's lawyers had to put up with what was left, and the devisees got nothing. Is not this a splendid judicial farce ? Of course it will be said that the expenses had nothing to do with the question, whether the will was valid or not, nor did it matter whether the estate was worth .£100 or .£10,000. An ' important legal question had to be settled, and the whole of the cumbrous and complicated machinery of the law in its two juris dictions had to be called into action. The interests of the children, who would have been entitled to something under the will, were of no moment, but the lawyers' fees were. Surely it should be possible to make the proceedings more simple and less expensive. If a Supreme Court trial is costly enough to the wealthy it means absolute ruin to the poorer class ; and in the interests of justice, a cheap and easy mode of trial might easily be devised to meet cases where small amounts are involved. Our legal proceed ings are far enough behind the age in every respect, and, not least, in their cunibrous and costly nature. Orators, and especially pulpit orators, are accorded, or, at all events, exercise a good many of the privileges of poets with respect to the dividing lines of fact and fancy. That Dr. Moran, when dealing with such a subject as the life of St. Patrick, should have mixed up the two considerably was not therefore to be wondered at. If he succeeded, as* doubtless he did, in duly edifying the faithful, it may, indeed, be something like impertinence on the part of outsiders ' to consider too curiously' the matter and manner of his Grace's discourse. But the deliverances of Boman Catholic archbishops, like those of meaner mortals, must., when once they have become public property, be taken precisely for what, they are worth, and this latest eulogium on the patron saint of Erin is certainly calculated to provoke inquiries as to how much of it rests on a historic basis and how much of it is purely mythical. Dr. Moran did not regale his hearers with that wondrous story told by some of the early biographers of the saint of how *' it came to the Emerald Isle on a lump of a paying stone mounted,' as a profane modern poet irre verently puts it. But he recounted feats as marvellous or miraculous about the Druid magicians causing snow to fall and darkness to cover the land, but being powerless then to re move either ; St. Patrick, however, easily accom plishing that task. Having credited bvm with so much, it is a pity that Dr. Moran should have omitted that famous voyage on the stone. If only for the honor of old Ireland, he should not have stuck at that. A short time ago considerable trouble was caused by a circular addressed to the railway employes asking them to contribute to the Patriotic Fund ; and it was explained that this was issued without the knowledge of the Govern ment, and as a matter of form, by the head of the department on his own responsibility. We havenowreceived a copy of the following circular : 'General Post-office, Sydney, February 21,1885. — Memo : A large number of the officers of the Post, Telegraph, Money Order, and Government Savings Bank Departments have expressed a desire to contribute one day's pay to the Patriotic Fond that is being arranged in connection with the New South Wales troops going to the Soudan. Tf you are willing to co-operate, be good enough to sign the annexed form and return to the cashier.' The form referred to runs thus:-r-''To the cashier, G.P.O. Please deduct from the salary due ix- me on the 31st March a sum equal to one day's pay to be devoted to the Patriotic Fund that ha.q been inaugurated in connection with the departure of the N.S.W. troops to the Soudan.' TMs circular is most objectionable in many ways. It will be said in extenuation that it is merely an invitation to the officers in the department, and in no way compulsory. True; but such an 'invitation,' coming from the head of a department, amounts to the old saying, 'No compulsion, only you must.' The man who refuses to sign and send in his acceptance of the 'invitation' is a marked man — at any rate he is liable to foe so ; and it is unfair to him as well as to the service generally that there should be any suspicion of coercion. Besides this, such action compromises the Government seriously and unnecessarily. So far as the disposal of their salaries is concerned, the men, from. the lowest to the highest, should be open to act without the least 'intimation of what -would be the proper thing to do even -with one day's pay. Outside of their official duties they ought to be perfectly free agents, and no one should be able to point to another and say ' There goes a man who would not give a miserable day's pay to the great cause/' Doubtless, the list of employes will be checked to see who gives and who does not, and in the case of future promotions the non-giver, who happens to foe passed over, will certainly believe— whether rightly or wrongly — that his refusal to subscribe was the cause of his claims being ignored. Such circulars should not. foe sent; it is an utter mistake to issue them. If the officials in the Post- office or any other branch of the service choose to contribute to the fund, let them do so of their own freewIU, and without official ' invita tions.' The cause itself is surely good enough, without the heads of departments going round with the hat and ominously inviting their subor dinates to contribute. 