Clje IxapunUa JgeiaUj. TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1885. THE LAND NATIONALIZATION MOVEMENT. Our issue of Friday last contained a report of the first annual meeeting of the South Australian Land Nation alization Society, and a perusal of it will show that the movement, of which the founding of the Society is a phase, is rapidly spreading in English-speak ing communities. Within the last few weeks an association similar to our local one has been started in New South "Wales, and has already attained very large proportions. To watchers of the recent progress of the land movement it must be evident that the period of criticism is almost past. The question has now attained that strength in public opinion which throws the upholders of the old order upon the defensive. Criticism having sped its shaft in rain there comes a resort to strategy. Witness the formation by the Duke of Argyle and others of a National Land Company, having for its objects the creation of a number of small land holders to be opposed as buffers to the coming collision. The idea is a clever one, and not altogether devoid of edification, perhaps of humour. It is indeed edifying to find people endeavoring in some way to counter act the effects of evils set going by themselves and there is some humour in the idea of a class, which claims its continuance to be essential to social well-being, thus affording an excellent argument against its right to live. Indeed many and various signs, of which this is one, point to the same conclusion, that the land movement is steadily gaining ground. What that means persons accustomed to reflect a little upon passing events must know. It is simply this, that the idea that the State should resume its full rights of ownership in the national soil, is getting a steady hold of public opinion. Our right to-speak of State ownership has been disputed, but upon grounds which upon reflection appear fallacious. For instance, it is said, that " if there is no such thing as absolute private property in land, there can be no such thing as ownership of it by any one or any number of persons who constitute collectively what is called the State." There is an ambiguity of expression here, which leaves us to conjecture for the meaning. If what is meant is, that something which has no existence cannot exist in the State, the expres sion is quite as truthful and instruc tive as to say that if there is no such thing as a ghost there cannot be a ghost in a house. But if the meaning is that what cannot exist in an indi vidual cannnot exist in an aggregation of individuals, the assertion is not correct. The absolute ownership of the earth cannot exist in one man, because its recognition would involve the absurdity that all other men are, as Mr. Spencer says, on the earth on suffrance only; but does it follow from this that the absolute ownership cannot belong to to the aggregation of all men ?" In the latter case the ownership could be adverse to no one, except possibly to the inhabitants of neighbouring planets, whose position, however, on available data, we need not stop to consider. To say, therefore, that absolute | ownership of the earth can exist in the 1 aggregation of all its inhabitants, in trust of course for future generations as well as themselves, is to state what no reflecting person can deny. The assertion that absolute ownership cannot exist in an individual is not only consistent with, but is a corollary to, this statement. But does it also follow from this that there can be no such thing as State ownership of land, tliat is, ownership by one State adverse to all other States, of a given portion of the earth's surface. It most de cidedly does. In militant stages of civilization this class of .State-owner ship has been claimed and fought for, but as industrialism -progresses it, is more and more relinquished. The poll tax upon Chinese immigrants, however, proves that the old idea of State ownership has still some vitality. But the State-ownership of land which" people speak of is ownership by ji State for the benefit, directly of all persons who choose to settle within its limits, and indirectly of all other persons. It is a method, required by the circumstances of men voluntarily combining in separate societies for purposes of government, of realizing the idea, that absolute ownership of the earth can, in the sense of should, only exist in the aggregation of all the inhabitants of the earth. In this sense it is quite correct to say that " the land belongs to the people " of a country, and this is the sense in which reformers use phrases of that sort. It is opposed to individual ownership, or the existence in one or more units' of the population, to the exclusion of others, of a given portion of the national soil; but it recognises in each unit a right to the soil limited by the equal rights of others, and is consistent with the theory that in all men the absolute ownership of the whole earth resides. How," then, is this idea of State ownership to be realized. Certainly not by a return to the primitive method of possession in common, nor by periodical partition. The method adopted must be suitable to the circumstances of the society that applies it, and those mentioned belong to a lower stage of industrial development than ours. The object to be aimed at is to allow individuals to have possession of the . soil upon certain terms, the first of which would be the payment of a fair rent to the State, and another might be certain rights of ingress and regress, not hurtful to the tenure, to the public. But to state the object is not to show the method of its attainment. We have happily now got a little further than the preaching of principles, and it is plainly the duty of the exponents of public opinion in a young, practical, colony to indicate some well-defined method by which those principles may be applied. There are really only two methods of nationalization, or asserting the State ownership of the land, worth con sidering, one being taxation without more, the other the system of ter minable leases to individuals. Which is the better is the matter to be determined, and on this point mere assertion is not argument, much less unworthy insinuations that the advo cates of a particular plan only par tially understand the principle they wish to apply. There cannot be the slightest doubt that to allow possession in perpetuity to individuals—subject, of course to rights of ingress and regress above referred to—at the full economic rent, leaving everything else, such as the number of possessors and the size of blocks, to the law of the survival of the fittest, is the best plan that can be conceived. But it must be, as we. said, at the full economic rent, and that for reasons too obvious to those accustomed to think on the subject to require to be reiterated here. Why, then, does the South Australian Land . Nationalization Society advocate a system of termin able leases in particular blocks, instead of taxation in the way indicated ? It seems to us that the main reason is the difficulty of determining the rental value of land by the taxation scheme, and the ease upon this point is clearly stated in page 17 of its Manifesto. If the arguments therein contained are fallacious, in what res pect can be shown, and that by some thing better than dogmatic denial of their cogency. When such disproof comes we shall be the very first to advise the Society to recast its scheme. Until then, however, we shall en deavor to be as tolerant of its opinions as we desire to be confident in our own. Staple Produce.—The value of the staple I produce exported during tiie week ended ! June 27 was £48,068. This include:) flour J to the value of £6,182, wheat £27,233, copper nil, and wool £4,971. I Wheat Exportation.—During the wfek ' ended Saturday, June 27, 18S5, 155,727 bushels of wheat, the produce of South Aus tralia, were exported from the various ports in the colony, as against 82,827 during the corresponding week of 1884. Railway Receipts. — We note by the Gazette that the total receipts on all the Go vernment. railways foe the week ended 20tli June were as follows: — Passenger receipts, £3,638 9s. 5d.; goods, £5,305 4s. lOd.; miscellaneous, £151 13s. 8<I.; total, £9,095 7s. lid., being £885 8s. lid. less than in the corresponding week of 1S84. Adelaide Collegiate Sceool. — The Adelaide Collegiate School, which lias lately been conducted by the Rev. T. Field, M.A., Cambridge, will, we notice, be re-opeued after the midwinter holidays by Mr. Field and Mr. F. J. Dobbs, who is well known as an asso ciate in educational work with Mr. John , Whinham and the late Mr. Robert Whinham | for the lust ten years. I The Recent Controversy on Mesmerism. —Dr. Williams, the author of a letter on mesmerism published in our columns last week, wishes us to 6tate that his remarks were in no ■way directed to Mr. Dobbie or his entertain ment, but merely to this class of exhibition in general, and to the manner in which it is t oo frequently conducted. He has reasons for . believing from what he bas heard from many sources that Mr. Dohhie is doing a great deal of good. Customb Receipts.—:Tbe amount received by the Customs authorities during the week ended June 27 was £11,511 (15s. 7d. ■Eappnda . Hospital.—The Secretary re ports as follows for the week ended July 6 : — Admitted, 3 j discharged, 3 ; died, 0 j remaining in Hospital, 19 Revised Version op the Holy Bible.— Mr. W. Thomas, the well-known local book seller, announces in our advertising columns the receipt of a small shipment of copies of the above. Mr. Thomas informs us that there is a good demand for them, and the number he has at his disposal are going off rapidly. PLUVIAL—The seasonable weather for the , agriculturists continues—steady soaking rain j alternating with bright sunny weather. On | Friday nearly a quarter of an inch was regis- ) tered, Saturday -was.a beautiful day, and Jon Sunday upwards of half an inch of rain fell—making a total of 0*740 for the month bo far. Sermons itr Caudles."—This will be the subject of a lecture to be delivered in the Baptist .Church on Thursday evening "by the the Rer. M. Morris in aid of the new manse funds. The lecture will be illustrated and illuminated . by a wonderful collection of candles, and we hare every reason to believe that those who are present will spend a pleasant and profitable evening. DtiiQinsH itr the Eastern Hundreds.— Some days ago we mentioned that several cases of alleged dutntnyisni iu the Hundreds of Lindlev, Schomburgk, and Hay, had been investigated by Mr. J. Varley, S.M., at Morgan. The evidence taken was sent down to the Commissioner or Crown Lands, who has ■ ordered that the parties implicated shall re ceive notice to show cause within one month why the agreements should not be forfeited, and this notice will immediately appear in the Government Gazette. Locking the Mcbbay.—In the Victorian Assembly last- Thursday the question of Vic toria taking united action with New South Wales to lock the River Murray, with a view of rendering the stream permanently navigable, was menlioned. Mr. Service, in reply to a question on the subject, said that Sir Alex. Stuart was expected in Melbourne next week, and he would take an opportunity of confer ring with him so as to ascertain the views of. New South Wales on the matter. Fire at Eudunda.—A telegram in the Register says about 11 o'clock on Sunday morning smoke was seen issuing from the stokeroom of Mr. Davey's mill, Eudunda. Mr. Jackett, the foreman, was the first on the spot, and immediately sounded an alarm whistle, which aroused the wliole township. With the help of many willing hands the fire, which was chiefly confined to the boiler room, was soon subdued. It appears that an upright some distance from the flue by some means ignited, whence the fire travelled upwards to the rafters. The damage done was not ex tensive. Received.—The South Australian Literary Societies' Union Year-book for 1885. It is nicely got up, and contains a mass of interest ing particulars relating to the various societies forming the Union. Also, No. 1 of a new paper emanating from Norwood under the title of the Free Press and Eastern Suburban Recorder, of which Messrs. Howell and J. N. Richards are the publishers. The policy of the paper will be learnt from the following extract:—" As regard* the principles which " The Free Press" will advoc its, the fir-t and the most important one is that the land should belong to the community ; that private ownership must be abolished by the re-pur chase at a fair valuation. We need not- »o into details of how this can be done, but may say the Kapunda scheme is a fair one. The second point is that all the goods which can be manufactured at a fair price in the colony Ehnll be, and to aid tins very desirable end customs duties shall bt- imposed fo shut out unfair competition. This, however, would only be necessary until the first aiticle in our programme was secured, when we believe that the chanee of circumstances would be such a? lo enahle any competition to be met." We wish this latest addition to the newspaper press ot the colony every success. Kapunda and Light Builvikg Societi-. —The half-yearly-meeting of this Society was held at the Institute on Friday, July 3, Mr. Waters, the Chairman of Directors, presiding. The balance-sheet for the half-year was read by the Secretary, wliic'i stiowe 1 the profit* on the last half-year to be 10(1. in the £; the auditors' report was read by Mr. James, which certified that the accounts had been audited and found correct. 'The directors' report was read by Mr. T. Nieolle, which reported that a fair amount of business had been transacted. Loans bad been advanced to the extent of £412 19s. lid., withdrawals £54 2s. Id., and redemptions paid in to the amount of £98 10s. 7d.; also, that £400 had been placed in the bank at fixed deposit for 3 months, and the balance of the current account was £164-. The Society they considered to be in a good and sound condition, but would prefer a better demand for their surplus funds. The directors had to resret. the death of Mr. Old ham, who had been an energetic trustee for a number of years, and who had always taken a very active part in its management. The meeting resolved that a letter of condolence be sent to the family of the late Mr. Oldham. Messrs. Waters, Nieolle, Rilpli, and Hine were duly elected directors for the next 12 months, and Me-srs. J. James and P. Lara phee auditors for the next 6 months. Mr. T. Nieolle was elected trustee in place of the late Mr. Oldham. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded the meeting. Insurance against Railway Accident. —The tender of the United Australian Mutual Insurance Company has been accepted by the Government for the insurance of passengers on the South Australian railways against death or injury by accident, '"lie arrange ments come into force on September 1st next, and as a guarantee of good faitii the Company will deposit £5,000 in the hands of the Government. Tickets will be issued to pas sengers by rail .is follows :—1. To insure Tor £1,000 at death, which must occur within three months from the date of the accident and injury, or for £3 per week for a term not exceeding 20 consecutive weeks in the event of disablement, 3d. 2. To insure for £500 at death, or £2 per week for n term not exceeding 26 consecutive wei>kg, conditions us above. Id. The tickets in each case are to remain in force until the cotnnleiion of the passenger's journey. In case of death the amount is to be payable within one month from date of death. If the holder of a ticket meets with an aeci lent through his own neuligenee the company will nor. be liable, nor will the company cover more than £1,000 on any one individual. The Gove uin -m will sell the tickets, and >eceive a percentage as com mission on the amount received, the company taking the balance Land Nationalization in England.— The London Daily News, of May 14th, says : — Last evening the fourth anuual meeting of the Land Nationalization Society was held at Anderron's Hotel, Fleet-street, when the chair was occupied by Mr. A. Russel Wallace, LL.D., president of the association. The object of the society is stated to be the equit- I able restoration to the nation of its land, so | that all may have equal facilities to use and enjoy it, and to bcneGt equally by the revenues derivable from it. The annual report was read bv the secretary, Mr. A. McDonnell, and was generally of a satisfac tory character. Lectures have been delivered in all parts of the country, and several new branches of t.he society have been formed. 1 The report alluded with satisfaction to the j growth of land nationalization principles in | the Antipodes, and reference was made to a | draft scheme which it was hoped would, by j the adoption of certain modifications, be ' acceptable to the society, and thus bring the nationalization of land within the range of j " practical politics." Mr. A. C. Swmton ' (treasurer) then made a statement as to the finances, after which the President gave his annual address. He spoke of the great strides they had already made, and the indications that public opinion was becoming stronger in their favour, after which he entered into details concerning the depopulation of the agricultural districts, and baring reviewed the various circumstances connected there with he said that of late years from the whole of rural England without exception there had been a continual exodus to the great towns, . and this was owing to the population not being able to find means of subsistence there, and thus nearly two millions of people were forced in their struggle for existence to migrate from the eountiy to the towns. He contended that under the present-regime men . were slaves to the machinery of capital, and when the capitalist had no immediate use for labour the labourer was starred and left as a pauper. Mr. Wallace also argued that the improvement of the land by culture was not so great as alleged, and that the bulk of the improvements which had been made were doe to successive generations of cultivators. He also strongly maintained that land could not be considered in the same way as a manufac tured article. -A long discussion ensued, in which Miss Helen Taylor and others took part, and the adoption of the report was eventually agreed to. Other executive busi ness having been transacted, a vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman,-and the meet ing separated. Kapixxda and Light Agbicextubai Society.—A general meeting of the members of the Agricultural Society was held at Crash's | Hotel oft Saturday afternoon. .There were present the President (Mr. H. T. Morris; J.P.), ! »nd Messrs. J. Carey, J. K. Shannon, Jas. Shakes, jun., W. Lewis, G. Poysden, W. Trevena, H. J. T. Lienert, M. Shea, W. Reddan, J. W. White, Pat. Kerin, W. Plush, A. F. Scamuiell, S. West, W. R. Morton, W. Liston, J. Pascoe, E. Pinch, J. Prior, W. M. Shannon, W. Jiarel, Peter Kerin, B. Kildea, J. Wheatley, the Hon. Secretary (Mr. J. Scandrett), and the Assistant-Secretary (Mr. W. Jeffs). The minutes of the last general. meeting were read and confirmed. The fol lowing names were added to the Committee— . ' Messrs. M. McMahon, T. Windebank, .David Shannon, M. Shea, R. Fothoringham, and J, Small. The President in taking tliecliair for the first time since his election said be sin* cerely hoped they would get on as amicably as heretofore. The only way for the Society., to succeed was for the members to pull to gether by attending the meetings and doing all in their power to advance its interests. He intended as President to do all that bis ability would allow him, and he relied" on them to back him up. It was unanimously decided that the next show should be held oil Wednesday, September 30. The following sub-committees were appointed for the revi sion of the prize-list:—Horse stock—Messrs. J. W. White, Pat Kerin, and John Dunkley, sen.; cattle, sheep, and pigs—Messrs. W. M. Shannon, J. Shakes, J. K. Shannon, and H. T. Morris; implements, grain, flour, dairy produce, miscellaneous, and vegetables — Messrs. B. Kildea, W. Trevena, J£. Pinch, and H. J. T. Lienert; poultry and dogs— Messrs. J. Mullen, H. E. Hodge, S. West, and J. Bowden. The sub committees were in structed to meet next Saturday afternoon to transact the business for which they were appointed, and submit their work to a subse quent general mealing. On the suggestion of Mr. J. W. White it was decided to strictly exclude all persons excepting the judges and the committeemen appointed to wait on the judges fvosn the ring whilst the judging of tiie horse stock is proceeding. After making arrangements as to where the meetings of the Society should be held in future, the presen tation of a watch to the Secretary for his unwearied efforts in the Society's behalf <<uring the asfc seven years was made by the President, hind the meeting adjourned. "I bo not know," says a gentleman of high and rising repute in the literary and artistic world of London, in a letter to a friend now in Australia, " if the article was yours, but there was an article la a copy of the Kapunda Herald you sent me, anent the social problem, which spoke of the incubus of capita!, the monopoly of land, &c.;, suffocating tlie individual, and tending, by closing the avenues to talent and industry through the action of great corporations, to retrogressioa and decline. Now, that article impresses me more from day to day, and I feel assured that it is absolutely true here, and that that retro gression is absolutely in action among us. How far it may be stayed by the extended franchise and the redistribution of seats is a question, but thing* are in such astatethatat the first election almost any result may be looked for." We may state that the article referred to was not from the pen that the writer suggests it might hare proceeded from. 