ROUNDABOUT NOTES. (By CuitMunaKON.) Now that thoro is so much talk about annoj.ation in Africa and tho Pacific, it may be interesting to know how England stands as a colonizing nation compares with other countries. England has 65 squaro miles of colony to tho square mile of her own area ; Holland, til ; Portugal, 20 ; Deir.nark, 0.30; France, 1.90; Spain, 0.86 squaro miles. Tho area of the British Colonies is nearly 8,000,000 ?c ? ? ,„;l„0 , !«=.. 111, 111 ill,, nv,.. .if Russian Empire, including Siberia and C jntral Asia ; but if the crea of tho Native feudatory States in India, amounting to 509.284 square miles bo added, over which England exercises as great control a.s Russia does over mi.'ch of tho terri tory under its sway, together With that of the Uunitod Kingdom itself, 120,727 miles, thon the area of the British Empire exceeds that of the Russian Empire by about 200,0('0 squaro miles, and it covers within a fraction of one sixth of the wdiole laud area of tin; globe. fc'till wo are not happy. The land shark yearns for further allot ments lo advortiso as suitable foe any trade, and which lie is willing to dispose of for a lucre soug. As be is a public benefactor, anil wishes to see every man own au acre — if ho pars for it. *****?-?»* While wo find 800 men willing ;o risk their lives in a villainous climate against forjeious savages, in ati ctl'ort to support tho prestige of their mother hood, and gain a reputation for JTew South Wales by bravery and patriotism, let us who remain snugly at home, trying to throv cold water on these brave men's courage, ask ourselves, can wo , not do something to make our colony fresr and happier than it is at present 1 Can we not also wage a war against humbug, immorality, and hypocrisy 1 Thoro aro several leaders of tho people in these colonies who aro socially and politically rotten ; yet we see people led by them. Perhaps wo are so busy amassing wealth that we do not take time to thoroughly investigate theso men's principles, but let ourselves not be carried away by their vapourings. A mau who uses tho public as a stepping-stono to ):o'4-or and aggiand isemcnt is just on a lovel with the stump orator who lives on the hat. The tone of public opinion is not yet vigorous enough iu Australia to snuff out this kind of parasite. Tho great boastof Republican ism is that their Government is tho most patriotic, but I fail to seo this. There .ire as many men seeking power under tho Republican forms of Government for tho sake of power alone, as under Monarchies. What we ;vaut is to educate ourselves to a standard of morality that wo go in for ' tho people.' Not any class, or sect, or party, but tho people. Let us take more intorest in tho anteccdants and doings of public men, inside and outside of Parliament, and let us watch hypocrites who pose as reformers, but aro merely suckers of tho people's blood. John Bright writing oil tho same subject says : — I believe there is no pormanont greatness to a nation except it be based upon morality. I do not care for military greatness or military ronowu. 1 care for the condition of the people among whom I live. There is no man in England who is likely to speak less irroveroutly of the Crown and Monarchy of England than I am ; but crowns, coronets, mili tary display, tho pomp of war, wide colonies, and a huge empire are, in my view, all trifles light as air, and not worth considering, unless with them you can have a fair share of comfort, co tent mont' and happiness among the ureat body of the people. Palaces, -baronial castles, great halls, stately mansions, do not make a nation. The nation in overy country dwells in the cottage ; and unless tho light of your constitution can shine there, unless tho beauty of your legislation and tho excellence of your statesmanship are impressed there on the feelings and condition of tho people, roly upon it you have yet to loarn the dutios of Government. ******* * The Kiama ghost aftor a consultation with King Williams spirit, shook tho old man of the graves bones togethor, and lo ! Sir 'Euery bubs up soronely at Argyle. Dalley's popularity is too much for Sir Henry. It stifled him out from his grave, as boys smoke rats from their holes. Parkes imagines that no one in New South Wales ha3 a right to bo popular but himself. He mis calculated his popularity ou his roturn from England. When ho said tho country had enough of him ho fully expected tho country to say 'No,' but, it didn't. Again, whan ho resigned his seat for Tentertield lie was cock suro tho country would go into mourning for him, but it didn't.' Now, liko George Coppin in Melbourne, ho is going to appear once more for a short season, after which ho hopes to retire from tho political stage for over, Tho electors of Argyle will lot him see that tho country lias had enough of him. Tho old Knight had his day, and a pretty long one it was too on his own showing.- It is time he should consult his case and roturn again to his obscurity, whero ho will havo au opportunity of studying ' Murmurs of tho people,' as a sequel to 'Murmurs of tho stream.' 