Heat Food for Nervous People. POSE is good for nervous persons, bat Is not easily digested. Wild game Is excellent. Fish is good for natrons people. Eggs boiled just enough to harden the white are easily digested. It is . mistake about people eating too maoh. The majority do not eat enongh. Nervous dyspepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enongh. When a man begins to snOer from overwork he should eat plenty of good bread and bntter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty ol good meat. When euoh . person resorts to a vegetable diet be grows maker and lose* bis nerve power. Ar a meeting of the Anthropologics! Inrli. tnte, Mr. James G. Fraser read a paper on "Oertain Burial Cuitoms, as illustrative of the Primitive Theory of the Sool." The Romans had a custom that when a man who had been reported to have died abroad 're turned home alive, he should enter hfe homo, not by the door, but over the roef. This cnslom (whioh is still observed in Persia) awed its origin to certain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to the dead. The ghoBt of an nnburied man was supposed to haunt and molest the living, especially his relatives. Hence the importanoe attached to the bnrlal of the dead, and various precautions were taken that the ghost Bhonid not return. When the body of a dead man could not be found, he was buried in ffflpy, and this fictitious burial was held to be sufficient to lay the wandering ghoBt, for it is a principle of primitive thought that what is dono to the effigy of a man is done to the man himself. The Direetor read a paper by Admiral F. 8. Tremlett, on the " Sculptured DoltnenBof the Morbilian" (North.weft France.) About 80 sculptures had been found, invariably on the inteiior surfaces of the cap stones and their supports. It is remarkable that they arecon fined within a distance of about 12 miles,and are all situated near the sea-coast, beyond which, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a complete absenoe of soulptures. The sculptures vary in intrioaoy, from simple wave-lines and onp- matkings, to some that have been compared to the tattooing of the Mew Zealanders.-Knowledge. 