I —-— - FO d f rVO,lS P£OI>Ie ^ ° °^ - PORK is good for nervous persons, bat is not easUy digested. Wild Jams is excellent. Fish is good for nervous people. Eggs boiled just enough to harden the white are easily digested. It is a mistake about people eating too much. The majority do not-eat enough, Nervous dyspepsia comes from working too hard and not eating enough. When a man begins to suffer from overwork he should eat plenty of good bread and butter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty of good I meat. When such a person resorts to a vegetable diet he grows weaker and loses his nerve power. AT a meeting of the Anthropological Institute, Mr. James O. Fraser read a paper on "Certain Burial Customs, as illustrative of the Primitive Theory of the Soul." The Bomans had a custom that when a man who had been reported to have died abroad "returned home alive, he should enter his house, not by the door, but over the roof. This custom (which is still observed in Persia) owed its origin to certain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to the dead. The ghost of an. unburied man was supposed to h^unt and molest the living, especially his relatives. Hence the importance attachsd to the burial of the dead, and various precautions were taken that the ghost should not return. When the body of a dead man could not" be found, he was baried in effigy, and this fictitious burial was held to be sufficient to, lay the wandering ghost, for it ia a principle of primitive thought that what is done to the effigy of a man is done to the man himself. The Director resd a paper by Admiral F. S. Tremlet-t, on the " Soulptored Dolmens of the Morbihan" (North-west Franoe.) About 80 sculptures had been found, invariably on the interior surfaces of the cap-stone3 and their supports. It is remarkable that they are oonfined within a distance of.about 12 miles, and are all situated near the sea-coast, beyond whioh, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a complete absence of sculptures. The sculptures vary in intricacy, from simple wave-lines and cup- markings, to some that have been compared to the tattooing of the New Zealanders.—Knowledge. 