." 'I power oT mind over matter," ob u>!rvwl the president of the N. M. Club, '' is marvelous to imagine, unci i\b ..1 n.oly stupendous lo contemplate. The -roiil bo.vrnys tho bo.ly, tlio sword wears on!* t;iu sheath, tlio spirit irketli in the llesli; and so tho two worlds curry ou an iuterni uine will'—tlio woild of shade and tlio world of .vorld." The club was silent under this mugiloqucut exordium, until tlio medical [•■Indent nicknamed "The Ghost," in a sort ..'■of musing, musical, ami melancholy tone i-oQinrkcd:—• " I remember a story. Mr. President, so eminently apposito to the great truth you woiil.l so strongly inculcate, medically, mo^ taphysically, and .psychologically, that. I.,will if you please, and to fulfil my duty of the avoning, relate it, and as closely in tlio words of my informant as my memory will j sorve." ■ Tlio president bowed a genial assent, and a rumble of patting toes under tlio table, | like a distant roll of kottlo- drums, nnnonii ■ owl tlio approval an J expectations of the an xious cluli. " The Gho.'it" relnmod tlio obeisanco of the president, and with a grim moaning smilu to hia general colleagues, thus began lii.i story of "'ffhe lL3y« Morose." There was onco on a time, and not very long ago either, a Medical Club assomblod in this city, ou an ovoning like thin; too, uud composed of moil, 1 should sny, equally ardent and anxious for the development and progress of every tiling pertaining to medical science. And it so happened that one of tlio papers road at a special meeting of this club was on physchological science, mid the treatment of diseases belonging to and connected with aberrations of tho mind and hypochondraical extravagances. ■Tlio writer aud reader of tlio paper in question concluded his romark by a humor ous description of a patient in ono of the wards of a neighbouring asylum, who was the groat pest, of the whole establishment. Tnis poor soul took it into lii.s erratic brain t.no strange idea that ho was doad,mid lie autO'l up to his innate notion with a partin ftcity that was productive of a thousand an iic/yiinoes and inconveniences. For instance; —when his meals were presented to him, ho would indignantly ask "what was tlio u.-o'of going through tho formal absurdity; of presenting food to a doad man •?" He roiusod to eat, or ilrink, or move, or net in i'.uy way but in that which was con-sistonf, with his own idea of what became a corpse. Consequently, ho had been snstaired in :thcv m.-umor usually adopted for persons un able or nil willing to receive nourishment in j tho ordinary way. Tlio ruling passion, tho provniling im .prosswn of his heart and sonli was that ho was dead, and tho groat desire of his ■defunct existonco resolved itself into the; perpetual demand to havo a respectable fmior.il, and to bo buried speedily and de cently in some consecrated burial-ground. II-i c.ml.l n )t sco any thing inconsistent in tho.powcr he possessed to speak and -move, ,,ndmako all his demands, which he contin: u°d to do incossantly. \--/■■-•Oil the contrary, he at last bocama jocose. : —diitting, witting, and sarcastic—at I ho ex pense of his attendants, and seemed to take a sort oT p,».Jt mortem ecstacy in the eon tempi it inn of all tlio means adopted, nu<T all the ruses had recourse to—to prolong the existence of a dead man. When the paper was re,-id and concluded, several of the members of tho club made their remarks, and comments and sugges tions, until it came to the turn of a tall old Irish army surgoon to address, the chair.. havo seen some sneh ease as thai jnsfc described,'v s,aid the doctor,, "and I have no donbt; that: ii the troat.incnt of the presonf. case was entrusted to mo, 1 would bring to a successful issue.'' "Tho chance is yours," replied tho reader . of tho 'paper ; "the asylum and tlio patient are both at my disposal, and I will bo most ; happy to afford you overy facility to exert y >ur skill and patience upon one of the lnntst j'cfactory and unmanageable cases fchat .l havG over met in a twouty years' practice." ■". Agreed," said the surgeon ; " when can " I see your pet put ient " To-morrow." Next day camo and saw Dr. Ilriscno nt the'asylum, and in a few minutes more in tho w ml.whore lay tho livo corpse. Tho p.ior lu.i trio was a nun about lifty years of iigti, but, looking much older, from unkempt hair and beard, a long sojourn in bed, im perfect Sustenance, and the still', uud' stretched, and mo voles* position which ho j ati'siiiiiod in oidor propeily to, cany out Iin character and pose us a thoroughly os'.nl Jlshed corpse. ••If ill.i! nurse 1" cried the doctor as soon im lu- i'.iS,or« il the. waul, " what is the cau-c ol il'it' do\ il of a mjiviI yuu h.ue here Tij > em p-e gi iiincd. a nun nurso came lu-.hinii at the doe UnS Mill c ^ " " J,t i. uii, be Tipm tho palieut* doctui ) there is nothing else wrong: about the j ward." | Tho oorp.so chuckled. " Tlio patient \> la it this raau here you call tlio patient " Yes, sir." " Do you menu this insolenco ns a joke, nim-o ?" " No, air. I bog your pardon.: I should bo very sorry.'' "■Why,/-this rami is dead a month if ho is a day, and is (treating stench and disease through the wholo house." The corpse laughed outright. " This is both ignoranco ami neglect. I will report it in the proper place without a day's delay." The corpse leant, up on his elbow and looked at. the doctor with tlio greatest ad miration aud delight. ' • " You are a " brick," doctor> and a i " wholo man,'- and only .I'm dead I would i oiTer yoiv my. hand. But, seriously speak ing, I believe yon see voursolf how these public establishments aro conducted. Here am I, now a wliolo month and more—dead, decomposing, putrifying; and thoro aro they--the medical resident, the medical visitor, tho modioal inspector—they and thoirs, poking physic down my jaws, jorking soups into my body, reasoning and arguing, ami advising, adopting wise stratagems, inventing new plana, watching opportuni ties, and pursuing a lot of idiotic and fan tastic devices—for what ? To circumvent a co.rpso!" " You have been grossly trended,''' said tho doctor; and I will break up this asylum 011 account of it." " Do, good doctor,'' outreatod tlio corpse " but will you now order a uic.o oak coflin for me and soo mo decently buried ?" '.' I'll sco yon in au oak flannel-lined, rat proof coffin,. from tho woods of Shillolah before tlio sun sets,'-' promised tho obso qnious medicus. "And for my part," protested the corpse, " I'll remember your oxtrom.o kiudnoss to mo fis long as I —can." The doctor retired, and tho corpse had the intense gratification to hear him order, in a ttenloriau voice, that a coflin ,be fur nished for Ward No. 12, and tho burial to take place on the morrow. That night, amid a volley of abuse and dorision which lie heaped upon his atten dants, the corpse was duly deposited in his own oaken shell, where he lay with tlio utmost decorum, and with the most gratify ing anticipations of being restored to his mother earth on the following day. Ho had often heard that tlio nails aud hair and beard of ft dead man wore known to grow and thicken after life had been extinct; it was so with him, and yet his observant wiseaeros could not see in that simple fact, if there, wan no other, tho positive a(nd demonstrated fact of th'o dissolution of his existence. It remained for Dr. Briscoo to bring that wrctc.hed establishment to a seus-o of its duty aud an acknowledgment of its obtuseness. Tho happy day arrived, and the funeral cortego was ready, tho passing bell rang delicimu-.ly in the corpse's ars; tlio long wished for hour was at hand ; vory many merry voices sang his joyous requiem ; tlio - cotlin lid was at-last dexterously adjusted, and, oh ! transporting moment! the dead alive felt himself lifted from the funeral bier, -trundled gently up upon, human shoulders; . felt the tramp, tramp, tramp, down the winding stone stops ot the sound ing mansion ; hoard thp grateful noise of l.ho great doorway being ■.thrown open, and the crunching foot-march on the gravel of the court-yard ; tho bark of tho watch-dog, the lowing of tlio big milch cow, and tho welcome cawing of tlio gathering rooks, which noted tho progress of the interesting group down tho wooded path of the tortuous avenue. Tho corpso wan on his way to, the gravo ■ fit lust—the darling object of all his san guine prayers and anticipations. But tho world and earth spoil, everything; for scarcely had lie moved a hundred yards in tho triumphant palanquin of death when an incident occurred that flung a lump of gall into his cup of overflowing joy. There was a great elm treo midway, upon the asylum grounds, and under its grateful and poetic shade lounged a number of young men, loitering, yawning, and apparently putting in their day. When tho funeral reached, this point a merry voice trolled out— "Hallo, boys! who arc ya going to plant?. Who have ye got'in thp .big oak box The funeral parly pulled up and came to a full stop, whilst one of the p/ill- bparers lcsponded as merrily to the queries— i " ]J.:i ! ha! ha! fcrjun Higgius, -tho cattle dealer, of Liverpool."'' " I know the <?ld boy," remarked the, first Fpcnker. " And what do you know of him ?•" wag gishly a^ked another of the idlers. "Know ol him? 1 know this much,— that ho onme over here with .a halo of ail ing cittleof foot aud mouth disease, distem per and lingli-h lot, aud becaubO ho couldn't pawn them oil on the SinUblield market h<* p;ot out of Ilia senses, and from that out of the world entirely." " You lie in your throat 1" said tho corpso in the coffin. : They say ho got, three months in New gate for picking ad run Icon rover's pocket on; board tho Maudrako steamer,'^chimod in' anotlier. " Only that I'm dead,"' swore tho corpso from under tho coffin lid, " I'd got you twelve mouths for damuablo dofamation.:' " In troth, ye'ro all out about the reason of his lunacy," added a third parly. Tho old dead devil attempted to poison .his mother to get at a littlo eel-skin purse she had, witli thrco-aiid-.fourponco-halfponny in ■ it.". ' Dead or alivo," shriokod tho exasperated corpse, flinging off tlio coffin lid, tossing away tho fnnoral ccromonts, and bounding kown upon the grass and into tho midst of his enemies and maligncrs, " I'll stand this j no longer and is it you, Hanlou, that I I often befriended in SmithDeld — yon to I blackguard mo in my cold gntvo ?" roared tho corpso, making a fiorce clutch- at tho throat of the denounced delinquent. ! Ilanlon. evaded the l'urious grip, and fled. •■••• The corpse gave chase, with loud and dreadful execrations, wh,ilst peals of laugh ter followed tlio novel bunt, and tho fnnoral i party planted the coffin on tho grassland, sitting upon if, lit their pipos and indnlgod to their bent in tho hilarity of the occa sion. Haulon ran at lira fullost speed, and dodged his pursuer with the greatest agility i aud ingenuity, twisting and twining, and all tho time reiterating his recriminations and | charges as ho flow along—whilst the corpse, j vowing vengeance, and raging and roaring, I aud running in suoli a manner as corpso t never ran bofo.ro, except in an after-. Christmas ■nightmare . dream, followed in full cry. At last, by a special and supernatural j'effort, tho dead man overtook tlio living, laud seizing him by tho shoulder, turuod | ■him regularly right-about-faco ; but when (ho did, what was the result ? Ilanlon looked into his eyos, and with the broadost grin that over overspread the " groat At lantic of a man's countenance," naively • said— " I thought you wcro dead !" r The corpso returned tho point-blank gazo of his prisoner with a disconcerted vacuity of expression, ■ and in the most hesitating, drawling, and confused manner imaginable,: vaguely replied— " I lieliovo Iain alive, after ali i" Yes, the corpso was cured. 