PRIMITIVE METHODIST MISSIONS. TIIE annual sermons in connection with the above were preached in the Lagoon-street church, toulburn, on Sunday last, by tile Roy. B. Kenny (president of the connection in New South Wales); and upon ba:th occasions large congregations assembled to listen to him and welcome him back to Goulburn again. On thie following evening a very successful meeting was held at Big Hill, when speeches apr.opos to the occasion woere delivered by the Revs. G. James, S. B. Kenny, as well as by severalluy gentlemen; and the collooetions on the occasion proved to be satisfactory. On Tuesday evening a tea-mooting was held in the school-room at the rear of the Goulburn church, which was by no mnons large enough to contain all who desired to partake of the many niceties which had been provided for them: and, it fact, the tables wore well occupied during the two sittings that took place. To the following ladies must be attributed the credit of both providing, and presiding at the tables:-Meosdamc D. Kadwell, James Smith, D. Morgan, F. Lee, H. KIdwell, F. Johnson, and Peter Grunsell; and Mr. Thomas .Charles kindly forwarded tihe flowers with which the tables were so handsomely decorated. After the good things in tie shape of sandwiches, pastry, blancmanges, tea, do., had boon disGlired, an adjournment was .made to th6 church, where a public meeting was held, the. building being tolerably well filled. On the platform were seated the Rovs. B. Kenny and G. James, and- Messrs. Scoble and Nesbitt. The proceedings were opened by singing the 604th hymn, after which the Rev. B. Kenny enggaed in prayer. The Rev. G. James said they had a very successful meeting at Big Hill on the previous evening. The people made quite a gala day of it; but somehow or other they were unable to procure a chairman. In Goulburn, however, that difficulty had been got over, as the quarterly meeting decided that their friend, Mr. ?lcnry Kadwell, should preside that night. Therefore, there was no necessity for a formal motion on the matter. It was not for him to take up their time in introducing that gentleman. It was not a stranger that he intended introducing, but one wlio had been a hard worker on behalf of the Primitive Methodist cause for many years past. He had much pleasure in asking Mr. Kadwell to come forward and take his place as chairman..' - While this formality was being gone through, the choir-composed of about a dozen voices-sang veiy nicely a sibred piece called "Sin in the Camp," which was lcndly applauded. The Chairman, who was lustily cheered, said he was very pleased to meet them at that missionary meoting.. He was glad to see so many present. They were aware that missionary meetings were things that many people did not care to attend, as they had not much of a relish for thlm. Some people thought they were rather dry ; but to the Christian it was not so, as lie delighted to hear what God. had been doing and how souls wero being saved. They had met that night to tell them whait had been done.:during tie past year. The damp evening r had- no 'doubt prevented many. from attmding. He was not one gifted with much speaking, although he took a great interest in the causoe. He felt quite at home in that chapel, although he did not often stand in that pulpit. He should like to have seen some elderly person in the chair-someone like their friend; Mr. James, with grey hairs. Nothing looked better than to see an old warrior in the chair at a missionary meeting one who had borne the heat and burden of the day and fought in the battle. In the Bible they read what David said about religion and Christ; but that was not enough unless they experienced it themselves. :When some elderly person had gone through that work he could speakl from experience. He-had becnoengaged in the work for seventeen years, and wa's proud to be a Christian. He recommended religion to them ail-not only to read the Bible, but to ehjoy religion personally. They might read the Bible and be delighted with the promises that were laid down therein; but unless they got religion into their hearts, and received forgiveness of their sins, they could not fully enjoy it. He was very pleased to see their old friend, Mr. Koenny especially when he remembered whut he had done for him about seventeen years ago. He never forgot that, and had no reason to regret it. Heo concluded by calling upon The Secretary (Mr. Ncsbitt) to read the report, of which the following are the principal extracts: Tho committee have now completed the forty-second year of'their sipervision of tio connectional missionary worli, rnid tley desire to make record of their thankfhlness for the mercy anid grace with which He, in the interest of whose kingdom they hlave laboured, lias during tire ybar blessed tlihem. At home and abroad tlie agents of thie committee have been graciously pireserved, and greatly prospered in their worl,. Deati, howecvcr, hias not this year loft thie ranks of tire missionarics untouched. Thie ov. W. P. Wilkinson, late of Tunbridge Wells, was suddenly called to.his rest towards tile close of last summer. in tie United Kingdom the cormmittee have 53 stations under their care, upon wliich they have 67 missionaries employed. In March last tliese stations reported 6305 members, and they show a net increase for tihe year of 120. There have been the usual losses to make good, and daring the past year they amounted to 1729. All tlese vacancies have been filled up, and the committee rejoice they are able to report an increase in this department of their work. During thie year 1858 persons have professed to find the Saviour in connection with tire work of tire mission churches, aid many of these persons have been rescued from a sad beondition of social and moral wreck. In a remarkable work of grace on tire Ialdon station, in Essex, many aged persons ihave been led to the experience of forgiveness. The society ocqpies 172 clhapels and 47 rented rooms and cot ages. In these buildings there are gathered from week to week 10,480 persons for worship and religions instruction. Tile society's work, howevor, is.not confined.to these buildings, for during tlr year -the missioiaries have conducted 3657 services in the open air and paid 90,475 visits to tie homes of the people. The connnittee have dnring tihe year ventured upon some oxtension of tlheir work, and are glad to b in a position to state eith enconraginSg success. They asve placed oa rnrissiontaryat ongton, in the Staffordshire pottery district, and another in tleo town of Wo rlorhanmpton and in both tlieseo great industrial eontres gratifying progress has been made. Tir committee also took eor rmit tioe wHackney Theatre, in the Glonarm noad, Lower Clapton, in the east of London,'and here they began their work in July last; Thie missionary reports as the result of his nine montlos' work :--A churcl of 77 members, all of whom,, save 14, have bcon gathered from t witrhot, a school with 80 scholars and 12 teachelrs, a:Band of Hope with 100 memobers, tract society, and otiher agencies in healtly and active wordring order. Stops Siveo recntly been taken to provide for tihe fnrtilor dovelopiment of this work, andi there is every prospect of increased snceess. In addition to e these threeo new missions wich tile committee iavoe taken under thleir care during tile past year, they have opened 13 additional preaching places on their old stations, and they have appointed a special agent. for work among thie soldiers at Aldorsliot. This agent lias already met witll cnoouraeins success, and through Irlo labours lany hlave heen led to abstain from strong drink, and several have been con- vcrted. Ho reports that strong drink is th e of in brracks, s it is the curse of life amot g civilians; but thie instances are raro, he states, in wlich any abstainer is forund in- tile gnard-roomI or nsuitofers thie penalty of degradation from a non-commissioned ofitcer's position in tie ranks. Not a few have tostiied to the benefit they iavo derived from the labours of thie missionary in barraciks and camp ; and lie states tliat in all cases ho lias been received by the soldiers with the utmosi. respoet and civility. Tire committee are anxious to still further extend their work, and to give greater attention to the centres of poprulation and to tile rural districts, as well as to special wvorke at Aldcrshlot; and for the means ta do this they confidently look to their nirny friends anrd suplportors. Tlie colonial department of tile cormmittee's work showc a pleaosing degree of prosperity. There are 41 statiorns raltogethor in thoe Australasian colonies under tile care of the committee. The colonial districts report an incrcascn of over 700, arnd, though tie whole of this is not to bo found upon mission stations, still tliose stations furnish nio inconsiderable part of it. Tile nrmber of missiionaries in colonial work is 37, but tlero are 7 staltiorns tIsrrpplied witll regular rrinisternih oversicht, irnd wchicir haLve to dopend for thie presenct upon luay preachers and class leoders for pllpit sapplies and lpastoralcare. One iddltional missionary Ias been sent onlt to tire Ioonta district durine tire year, and arrangements are rmade for anotler to leavee in a few weeks for Queeonsland. At homro, in thU colonies, and abroad, whore tire agents of tire committee are working, there are signs of increased success, vwhile invitations to take up nrew splrorcs of work are many.and pressing, so tliat, wltile regarding thel past year with thanikfulness, tire coamiittcd look to tlo'futlre witli anxious lropo, and earnestly appeal to tir chrches for increased fuinds tlitt tie connecotion iiareCiot be behind in aggressive effort to spread trluth alld righbteousness along nloll. - - Thie gross income of tire sooloty drring tlio past year' for hIomo and colonial work was £18,700 18s. sd, and.thir expenditnro £15,080 6s 8(, leaving as balance cs363112s ld i but this will bo nrore tlhan exhausted by tle end of 'Angust next, as thie income dnring tire suanmor months*i: small. ' . - ' Tim'r gross indo'io of tire African- Funud for tie year -jrst ended was tCI037ls 11d, aud fO expendituroed 595 12s d- leaving as balance £307 10s Sd, "a considerable portion ot wliici is already expended, and tlieo whole of wliich will be gone in a few weeks. :. . ' * Tliero is ineed for thie eliLrches to cultivate tieo graco of lilerelity, so tlhat rabomtding in other orexcellencies they may niot bo laecling in this. . : . The choir hero. snug-' One By Omee, for wslriehi they roceived woll merited capplanie. Mr. Scoblo Raid tie tirougrth sterck him thirst they wore putting the coltsi u tire front, ard keeping the old stringers behind; but lie thought it was the gen ernl nrle tothave the old horses in the lead. If tho colts hoeever iver to speak first, tlhry most only do the betittoy crld. The command of our Savioure c.ns--" Gdye into niall Liho world, and preach tire gospel to every creature." In order to do thir, there must be someone to carey-tho work forward. St. Plaul wvanted to know how thlley could hear with out a preacher, and how they could preach mnless they were sent. They might to-day ask the same questions, and also anothor-" H1ow could they be supported P" That was one of the reasons of those misnionary gatherings - that they might raise funds for carrying ou the noble work of exteading the word of God far and wide. Not only did they do sire to spread the truth in heathen lauds, but also in Christian lands. If they rflealecd upon what they had seen and heard of what had transapired in this and other lands, they would see that there was a need of exteuding the word of God throughout tihe liand Ifthose wsho were in tihe habit of reading the newspapers would reflect a monmeot upon the revolt ing acironmisttanceos that had been exposed by the Pall Mall Gazette, they wouhl see the need of extending the.word of Godnot only to the Islands and those who were in, heathen lainds, nud under the super stitious tenhings of those lands, but also in the cities ant other places in which they lived. Sup posing those members weore looked upon as geot!e men-who had been connected withll those hlorrible scenes of which they had read, had the word of God in their heares, they would not ha;re been engaged in the foul deedsthat had just baei exposed. In stead of that; they would have been endeavouring to pull down such infamy as they had read about, and hlave gone forth in trying to build up the word of God, and destroy the things about which they lhad lately read. The speaker referred at soeine length to the body known as Freethlinkers, and pointed out that they did not put before the people anything that could supercedse Christianity. They could not bring forward anything that would enable its fol lowers to go forth in the islands in the sea, and with their lives in their hands try and revolutionise those cannibals. There was no other system under I-Ieav-en hibat could go forward as Christiraiity did to satisfy thie hunger of the finite for the Deity. Some asked them why they went forth to such people, and did inot leave them in the state in which they were. There were two reasons which suggested themselves ; and the first was humanity. Could anyone who was possessed of tihe least spark of humnanity sit in the old rocking chair at home unceoncerned about those who were in such a bad state, and not exert themselves at all to try and up raise them from the state in which they woro. When he thought of the thousands whoie were being daily offered up as human sacrifices, and of the caniibalism that reigned amongst the natives of tihe islands, he shuddered at so little being done to rescue theai. They could not all go forth and proach the gospel: but they could all set tie com mand of our Saviour in motion by contributing somethling towards the fund that would enable the Missionary Society to send forth the Bible into foreign lanids whoere darkmess at present reigned. He trusted that God would help them all to see their responsibility in this direction, and offer up their prayers to God, that so they might have the religion of God in their hearts. The chohir again sang very sweetly a piece entitled ' Ye Must be Born Again." The Rev. B. Kenny said he felt very pleased to see Mr. Henry Kadwell in the chair; and the friends present would agree with him that he (iMr. K.) was ai worthy son of a worthy sire. (Cheers.) He was a chlip off the old bloelk. (Applause.) The quarterly meeting did a good thing in deciding to place that gentleman in the bchair that evening. Regarding the little good that hlie (the speaker) did tleir chairman on a certain occasion seventeen years ago, he thought that it would make a man of him, and he had not been disappointed. He got a wife oI that occasion ; and a good wife was a good tbhing. A good husband and wife would un doubtedly have good children. (Laughter.) That was the idea. Those who had the love of God in their hearts would certainly see their children grow up in the love and fear of their Heavenly FFather. In speaking on behalf of the Primitive Methodist Missionary Society, he mnight say that they also re cognised all the others of a similar kind. The Baptist Missionary Society was tihe first. Then there was the London Missionary Society, the Wesleyan Missionary Society, the Church of Eng hIlnd Missionary Society, and the Presbyterian Missionary Society. All of these had representa tires going forth to preach the grand old gospel. The missionaries of their own society went throuhl the towns and villages of England declaring the love of Jesus to their fellow-creatures. Primitive Methodism wasmissionary in its origin. Its object was to urge their neighbomrs and acquaintances to spread the truth of Jesus in their humble way. The Lord blessed their humble efforts; and after seventy-five years the Primitive Methodist mission was one of the greatest wonders in the ecclesiastical system. He trusted the Primitive Methodist con nection would continue homely in its labours, so long as a.poor sinner needed to be saved. The great cry had been as to how they were to improve thle missions. This was generally believed to be done by bringing immense congregations together; but he had great faith in individual effort. One mas who had found the Lord Jesus was personally talking to his neighbour about God's love, the saving power of Jesus Christ, and the wonderful change that the great God had wrought in him. Thus the tork spread. It was simple in its origin; but all God's work was simple, anid the simpler the better. It reached darkness and vice in a way that the'most illiterate could understand it. The Primitive Methodist Missionary Society must hIave had great faith in its work during the past few years, as it had involved a debt of nearly £10,000, which was hanging over its head for several years. This appeared to cripple their efforts; but one gentleman came forward anid gave a kind of chal lengo, saying that if the Primitive Methodists tisroughout the world would raise s.ufficient moniey to clear off the debt, hie would give £f1000 towards the missionary cause. That man (a Mr. Hartley) commenced only in a small way as a jam manufanc turor in Southport, in Cheshire. He paid his £1000 iii st tlhe late coiferenco, and, thank God, every farthilng of the debt was swept off the board thlero and then. (Applause.) What did good wives say 'about Mr. Hartley--heI is a jam-maker, I'11 buy a pot of his jam. Hio had no doubt that his jam would become famous throughout the world, for a man who would contribute £1000 towards so noble an object was worthy of being encouraged. He (the speaker) should like a pot of his jam himself, and lhoped the storekeepers of Geulburn would en eouruage himi by seneding somie largo orders. The man who would give £1000 to such a cause, his heart and soul must be in it. There were othler young mene risinig up to-day who were following in the footsteps of Mr. Hartley. He was talking to a gentleman who arrived by the Sorato the other day -the Rev. Peter Austin. He had the pleasure of hearing that gentlemnI preach thie weekl before last; antd he informed his congregation that a man named William Wilson, who was for four years in their mission as a probationer in New South Wales, but who failed to pass his final examination, continued to take an equal interest in the work; and having proved very successful in basiness he paid £200 towards the passage of him (the Rev. Peter Austin) and his family to this colony. If young men in the country would give their hearts and their lives to tisi great and glorious workr, the Lord would bless them and make them a blessing to thousands of their fellow-creatures. It was a great and glorious worl to be engaged in. There was no work to be conm pared to that of doing good. The rev. gentleIne narrated an instance of where a man who had been steeped in sin, and degraded himsielf as a wife-beater and in many other ways, becamne thoroughly con verted through attending one of their services, and hie was niow a kind hIusband and a zealous worker in the cause.) This man had now been elevated to the position of manager of one of the largest estates in thle colony-he was at home with himself and with hIis God. What the Gospel of thie blessed Jesus had done for that man, it could do for any sinner on the face of the globo. No matter whaut may ba the color of a man's skin or the iniluese imbedded ini him during hiis younger days, they aill found is refuge in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. They all hIad ho same experiencc--it was Jesus from first to last; it was:all Jesus. He knew of nio other remnedy for thei poor sinner-it was the grand remnedy for the wounmds of poor fallen sinners. It brought men to gether in tie path of religion, iand left thie mau who had been oeslaved by his own lust to followship and a likeness to his Creator. It also gave him a hope of a heavenly. home beyond the grave. It was an old story; but the grand old thing that could not be too often told. It was the granud sanid glorious sub jet. of divhbe truth. None but Jesus Christ couhld do helpless sinners good.-:Ž-hero was 't charm about the namne of Jesomus. It brought the poor siiner to ai knowledge of his true position. The remedy wsas the precious blood of Jesus- the real blood incarnate of the Son of God shed on thie cross at Calvary. This blood would eontiuue to flow, and the message of God's love woisld be hurledl throughout the globe. Somse meni might be able to di-liver thu miessage better thau others; but it was the sateo grand old story as far as His love and divine compassion and tender smercy were concerned. They saw a little of its effects in New South Waes. H?o became acquainted w;th the Rev. Mr. James 21 years ago. They were a very simple community in New South Wales at that time; but they had been lspreading their borders very satisfactrily ever since. They were not going on as well as some people would like to see them; but hle liked to see the work going on steldily, whlich was a sure eign of progress. Had thecy not seen since the Primitive IMethodists first met in Sydney homes that were dens of vice, where sit and infa.ny reigned, blessed with peace and kindness iand affection ? Had they not seen fathers and mothrs and lchildren gathered 'orether and testifying to the love of our Lord, and rejoicing in the liberty that true religion gave theml? The early missionuries in Ireland were wonderful men. [The rev. gentleman gave a mnbher of aneedotacJ showing the good that had been accomplished by the missionaries in various fields of labour, which proved to be very interesting, and lie was repeatedly applauded.] A musical piece. ' A Little Talk with Jesus," was then sweetly sung bIy the choir. The Rev. G. James said he had been khocking about so much since last; Friday morniing, with scarcely any sleep, that lIe did not intend wearying them with a long speech. He was so pleased to meet hIis friend, Mr. IKenny, that Ihe forgot, in advertisiig the services, that sthe president of their caomicctiot in New South Wales was to preabch last Sunday and deliver an address that night. iHe (the speaker) had received those honors some years ago. Hie intended dohing all tihe good lie could while lie lived, and then he lhoped to live in tihe better world. Ho had devoted some years in the old coemtry to the Primitive Methodist enuse, ansd had been nearly 25 years in this colony, so that his experience extended over a considerable period of time. This did not seem a long time to him; but it, no doubt, did to the young people. The glorious gospel of the blessed God was spreading and winning its widening way in manty laeds. The predictions of some who would destroy Christianity had beeoon falsifled. Eighty or ninety years ago a certain persta said that Chlristianity would be unknown shortly, and then the influence of the Christian religion would be entirely lost. He uhad facts and figures in his possession that would astonish some people. During tihe last 100 years more had been done in the Christian cause in spreading the gospel than had been done for 500 years before; and if tihe glorious gospel of the blessed God continued as it had lately then milentium was not so fur away as somne people supposed it to be. He trusted the time would soon comne- altlough some of tthem may not live to see it, but as surely as they.lived now it would-when the Redeemer's name would be sung "in every land, by every tongue," when "al!l shall know the Lord, from the least to the greatest." The Primitive Methodist MIissionary Society hlad been 42 or 43 years in existence --the Primitive Mothodist society proper. The church of whicl they formed a part had been desigunated tlhe missionary church from its origin. The Missionary Society proper, or Primitive MIethodism, was formed nearly 43 yeala ago. It was at first confined to Great Britain and the Channel Islands. The reason was that tlcy had not the funds in hand to send missionaries abroad; so they oetoeid upon the work at home, and went through the shires and allies of the city and towns in the United Kingdom, and God blessed their labours atbundantly. They depended not on any external display; but looked for the power of the Holy Ghost. It was by trust ing in God, and going unarmed and without any thing to recommend them of an external character that their connectiou went on and grew. As years passed oib, it wdis considered right that they should have missionaries in foreign parts, and they now had them imOAfrica. One very cheering thing was, as they hdAd heard from their friend Mr. Kenny, that the missionarj debt had been cleared away. Some people might tlake advantage of that, and think they nowneeded not the funds to meet their de mnands. This wasoa mistake. Since the report had been published, it had been decided at reading that now missions should be opened. Their missionaries had received invitations from kings and other famous persons in Congo and other mission fieolds to come over. For tihe most part these people had never heard the gospel. As the Primitive Metho - dist Missionary Society had received invitations to send missionaries aimongst tlhse people, it was prob able that long they would have several niew missions open in that district. These new fields of labour would entail further outlay, and tihe expenditure would increase as new scenes of labour were taken p. He hoped God would bless the gentlemen who shown such an extample by contributing £1000 towards the work. Tley had many in connection with the church now who could well afford to sup port them handsomely. This circuit Ihad now to send away the missionary money that was raised. For some years it had been thought they were strong enough to walk alone and go without crutches, so tley cut themselves off from the Missionary Society, and had now, as far as they were able to help new stations. The present was a Colonial Missionary meeting; and all the money raised here, and in all their stations it this colony, were forwarded to the district missionary treasurer of New South Wales, and when all demands were met on the missionary stations here the surplus was sent to the general secretary at home. There were several places where they purposed opening now stationi; and he hoped' God evould send them the right man. They might depend upon it that they did not intend to abantdon their cause. For thirty six years he had laboured hard for it, and heitoped to continue to do so to the lend of his life~; and when the Rev. W. Kenny and himself word called away, lh trusted those would be raised up to fill their places and do the work far more efficiently than tihey had been able to. , He trusted that toso who could note give much towards the fund of'tim society would pray for the twork to go on giecess fully. They had collections for various objects; mand he hoped thiy would do whatever they could that evening. They had a grand tea-mcoting that night, which had only been decided mpon a week ago; and the ladies who had provided the tables were deserving of a hearty vote of thanuks, which would no doubt be proposed presently. He then read a ligt of what had already been done towards the object in Goulburn as follows :--Sabbath collections, £3 10s ld; collected by Miss Miinnie Rowe, £ 14s : Mliss Kezia Grunsell's box, £3 15a; collected by Mrs. Grunsell, ':the queen of col lectors," £26 13s; collection that evening, £1 10s; and subscriptions-D. Kadwell, £2; James Smith, £1; H. Kadwell, £1; Rev. G. James, £1 Is. Total, £42 3s ld. Votes of thanks were then carried by acolaman tion as follows:-To the ladies who had collected, the choir, the ladies who had provided the tea, the chainrman, and the-press. Tlhe choir then sang a very pretty piece called "Good Night," after which prayer was engaged in and thi boenediotion proiotinced, which brought the meeting to an end. , Last night (Wednesday) adnother meeting on behaP f the same cadse was hold at Thurlow. 