Intercolonial News. Our Sydney Lette* frBOX OTJB OWN OOBBESFOlfOEBT.T September 19'. ATis& fhe' proceedings -which took place iir ike Assembly this week, there can be no longer" any doubt in the miiid of an Intelligent onv looker that the House is probably the worst in the British dominions. In Archibald Forbea's , recently-published book entitled "Souvenirs of maay Continents/' there is a chapter headed "Social Australia." Many phases of colonial life are referred toin the chapter, and a good deal of space is devoted to- a description of politick arid politicians Members of Parlia ment, the author informs his readers, are not recognise! by "society" by whom indeed they are regarded as beihjg a disreputable el '-ss. Archibald Forbes did not slander the lawmakers of New S»uth Wa'£* when bo printed that statement; and concerning the a> it mxj be affirmed that thf*y are many degree* worse than he supposed them to bo. No person of education and refinement could possibly think of inviting to his homo the miserable beings who during the whole of the week have been disgracing themselves and their country. It was thought last "Wednesday week' that a division would be taken ou the ftmendmanf oa the Address to His Excellency on the follo^isg Tuesday. That calculation allowed toar even ings for the debate, which, considering the fact? that tho Opposition knew they had not tho ghost of a chance cf carrying the amendment, was sufficient time to devo'e to the matter. But when Tuesday came it got triad thai the Opposition had resolved to prolong the debate ubiil Friday, aj»d even a week or two logger if the thing could be managed. So the honour able gentlemen sot to work, end soucd, fuiy, ch.ptrap ptrured fortbiu an iuteroiinnbk) ft earn. There «re not five members in tho Hciii; v-ho> can talk sound sense for a single hour, yet every Oppositionist who delivered a sposch spoks fjr fally two hours. It was the tnoit IiumUhitiug. spe ;tacle that a native Australian oouli wit-? neas. Some time ago Sir Thomas MTJwraitb informed a reporter from the offi-ie of tho fait Mall Gazette that on one or two' ooea-ioo* obstruction had been carried to great lengths in the Queensland Legislature; but it may be confidently asserted that even in their worst moments the members of your representative Chamber never fell to the level of the gacg who represent Her Majesty's Opposition hi Nrar South Wales. JUariy in the Trees: a charge 01 corruption was preferred against the Government whip, Mr. Ninian Melville. That honourable gentle* man belongs to the not inconsiderable class who suffer from chronic impeouaioeity. Some I months ago he accepted a fee of £25 from a | resident of Newtown for negotiating or expo. ' ditiog a sale of land to the Government, Mr. M'Elhone heard of the transaction, and at once proceeded to hunt up the facts. It was on tho motion of Melville that MTSlbone's shady con* duct in regard to a man named Handsaker was brought to light and that accounts for M'hl hone's zeal in trying to get material for an accusation against the senior member for Northumberland. But Mr. M'Elhone was too canny to take any action in the House. That duty was devolved upon Mr. Abigail, who is the political scavenger of the present Assem bly, and wbo ia never in his element except when he is engaged in denunciatory criticism. A committee was appointed to inquire into the charges preferred by Mr. Abigail, and its first meeting will be held next Wednesday. Not much is likely to come of the inqiry; the Ho- se does not forbid members of barliaxnent to act as land agents, and therefore it cannot consistently object to what Mr Melville did. Mr. Abigail came in for a good deal of sarcas* tio oriticuiu, hut he got no more than he de served. Physically, mentally, and mor>lly he is a little man, and a single look at him when ho riies to make a speech is enough to excite to auger the serenest temper. In referring to him Mr. Frehilin- who, by the way, is «n Orangeman, as Mr. Abigail is—quoted tho following lines, which ho averred wore applic able to tho honourable member. A wicked elfin rov*! this oirth aronnJ. Whose jms presided from th • grufs he hund; Unsocial he. r.ut with waligrimt mind. Ho only dwell with teen thst he mfcht vex mankind. The wise, tho coed, with anxious heart he saw, Aud here a failing found, nnd there a fi iw. Such was the sprite, and so secure of prey, Tint ou*y misery passed unstuntf away. By tho mauuer in which the quotation was-* received by tho House it was evident that they endorsed the opinion of Mr. Fremlin. On Thursday evening Mr. Pare ell replied to the criticisms which had been. made in the debate on tho Laud Aot, and he did the work wdl, Horuado a fool of Mr Hoydou, who for some time past has been posing as nn autho rity on the land laws. To tho satisfaction or both sides of the Ifougo fao prored that <lmt gentleman had no; mustered ov*n the leading ; principles of the measure. Mr. Heydon did no: oujoy the merciless exposure, but other people did. Uaving finished with Mr. Heydon, Mi\ Farnoll thentnruod his batteries on Mr. Thomas Garrett, and smashed up that critic in . about twenty minutes. There was no pas-ion or bluster, no swinging of the arms and pacing up aud down tho floor of tho Houso. The talk . was quiet, but it was tho talk of a intin who was full of knowledge of his subject, and therefore it struck homo. While Mr. Faruoll was speaking on the Lund Ac: in tho Assembly, Sir Henry Parkes w*:a leoairing in the Protestant Hull on " Tho Australian Soldier." Greet pains had beyn taken t > utukc tho lecture a success. Placards were posted all over the town; advort^m«:nrs imorted for several days in succoi-ion, ami the Bervioes of a bind obtained to play up a crowd. as Sir Hearjr is the darling of the Orangemen and ofUooil optiunUts, it was believed that ihere-'wbulj be a crowd. I was present, atfd \- at balf-paist S, when the-lecture bad been in pro.? re; snq u«jrccr of an hour. I counted the audienceit bocsjstbd of 102 pergou?*, iriclul ing thVp'orsobs on ttb pla^sorraV Tho lecture Wti3 ''a ;dreaiy« cobfiised/. and sc>vaggy per formance. ' Our political Sam?oa. has lost bis sti^bgth, and lie is ignorant of tbefect. In jiekhbwiddging tho vote of thanks, Sir Henry ; declared th*t he was going to arouse the cufftfrri Tor lbe^momcnt ho iraagined him-. self :o*be a «ort of fnc simile of the ex-Premier of England, and that' the .-forthcoming cam paign would be Us successful as Mr. Gladstone's wa*'nearly six years ago, when he smashed fit % Censervatires in all parts, of thokiugdom ; but no one else ex.^-pt, perhaps, Mr. .Tohn Danes. : C.MrCr., , could, . have imagined him •,in; that light.' A' look at the size of tho ,and:on.*e. ? absolutely _ froze the"streams of the imagination. The other day a uiecUug .Wits held in Kedfcrn to consider the propriety of. inviting fir Henry to bsebzrie h candidate, for that constituency at the next election. Speaking in the House on the night of the meeting, Sir. Abigail assured the mem bers that there were at least 1,000 people pre senfcr at it. Tho fact was, however, that there was not a hundred, and under the circu*si staucea fir, Henry Parked did not s'-o his way e'ear to accept the invUniien which the meeting gave him.... All That 1- oks like rousing tho oouotiy. . . Mr. "Stuart has been ill again. 1 f he sticks t» politics, in thtebtor foti' uionlhs tho phca that knows him ho w will knowhun nn more for «ver. The sbid nv of the grave is resting upon his fscc. ITe does not see tho hhadaw, and therefore he does not believe in its existence, but it is, .there uotwiths'dr.diDg. Sir John . 3lviert«on aUo i« ill. tddeel, Ins been ill several week*, and m.iny who Jmvc seen hiur say that he has fought his l«>t battles, and wiil pass over to the majority. Many hope that t-at gloomy foreboding will not be realised. L ut year fco bo isied that he imd never required the s'rrices of a doctor. And it may be that his good constitution will T'lill him through: The fairest and most ehiralrbiis politi-uan in the Assembly, he will be greatly ruissed if ho shtwdd succumb to the dscase which has attacked him. A* somewhat remarkable case was decided in the. Supremo Court yesterday. Some 'years ago tlie father of Mr. E. Barton^ the Speaker of the Assembly, conveyed certain . properties to the Bank of New South "Wales as part payment of "a debt. In process of time Mc": Barton, sen, died. In his will he ap pointed his son, the Speaker, his executor. ... Iluring the years that intervened between the making of the conveyance and tho death of Mr. Barton the bank .held the property. At the time when .the ;Iat*er event took place its valae.was estipiktei '.at £20,000. Mr Barton disposed, of; it . to the- ba«;k.for less than £500. 'The executor made"an application to the.nbahkto redeem the property by pay. ing ./the price albwed' in the conveyance for^ the'-.land,' together 'with interest"1 at the usual "rafs. " The- bank -promptly decliu'd. _ Thereupon / the executor brought ah action ngiiost 'ihe bsiik ~fb compel * is to' re-convey The""Bank Act proVides that ho hanking insti tucipa.^cah' bold,;real property, except its premiss? r an&Sir; William Manning ruled that ft conveyance given to a bank in satisfaction of . a debtis:"on the same footing as a mortgage, and that if the property Jso conveyed is held the person' who disposed cf it, or his heirs, have the privilege of redeeming it by ro*k«ntr the payment* .^fciTed io above. It is believed thattaebsnk's hayerhad Hundreds of properties conveyed to themln satisfaction of debts; if the facte arc ca WppoVed, the example get by Mr. h'pekker is certain to; be extensively followed, greatly to the adtsritage of the prosecntors. 