: Po1itical Gossip. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) "THERLs is no lack of gossip of a political *character just now ; hlnco the task of fur nishing the usual budget about matters appropriate to the season is not so difficult as it sometimes has been, when inteoest has flagged, and the "si'uation" has pre sented no features of greater attraction than a worn out play would have for the regular playgoer. 'lhe air is thick with rumour, and it is pretty well understojd that both sidos of the House are in a state of most interesting uncertainty as to what the fates have in store for them, inasmuch as both sides look to the assistance of the doubtful and doubting independents. At the same time it is only fair to say that on more than one occasion since Parliament opened the Opposition had a clear majority of two or three had they upon that occasion gone to the vote at once. But they could not agree among themselves, THE WVHIPS. Meanwhile the gentlemen devoted to the task of '" whipping in " for the Govern ment and Opposition. respectively, have been hard at it. They would almost seem to be ubiquitous, indeed, they are " here, :.and there, and everywhere" at once, or * appear to be so, looking very mysterious, and engineering for their respective parties pIrodigiously. For the Government, MIr. . Melville has taken up his old job, being assisted by MIr. Thomas Slattery, the new ; Minister for Justice; while, for the Opposi. tion, Mr. Teece is said to be whip, assisted I by Mr. Dump-car Smith, and coached by . r. January Davies. WHAT WILL fE TIHE rESULT? This is, of course, what a great many ;.psrsons are desirous of knowing. It woul:1 puzzle anyone to tell at present. As stated above, the Opposition could have secured a ..win on, at least, one occasion, and an attempt wasn made to bring on the division, Sbuc that fadled, owing to a want of unanimity jamong the members of the party; the main thing that keeps them * together at the present juncture being that rthey have common cause against the Government- a Government which the ,country has unmistakably condemned, whatever may be said to the contrary. BRIBES AND PROIISES. Rumour has it that bribes on the one 'hand, and promises on the other, are being .offered and held out in the most reckless fashion to those of the independent mem :bers who are considered to be most suscep tible tosuch considerations; and much as we.'should all like to believe in the .perfection of principle in our public, un :fortunately a Icnowledge of human nature, gained by experience and observation, enforces the conviction that we have not arrived at that state of political purity. The Government have, to some extent, the best of the situation in this connection. They "hold the fort" at present, and there is consequently something more substantial Iin promises of " favours to come" from that ,equater :than from the Opposition, because 'there is no telling who will be in the fu'ure .Administration (though shrewd guesses .might.be made), and the promises hastily made to-day in the excitement of the .atruggle for supremacy might be repudiated bytthe fortunate possession of office to ,morrow. A QUERY! But ,then comes the question. What 'would constitute a victory for the Govern -' entr' The Opposition only want a nrmajority of one. Indeed an equal number ~of votes on. both sides should be tanta snont ,to .a want of confidence in the present Administration. It must be S~emembered that the Stuart Ministry car . ried with them a big majority to the death ;of the last~l'arliament, and that the present Government are really responsible for the se..ts of ,their predecessors. The ship of State,'1eing wrecked, was not replaced by .another and a more reliable, but was Spsthed up. fora continuance of the voyage. 'nd the addition of a few new plans has not restored confidence in its capacity to -weather the perils ahead. Suppose then that the Government should gain a victory on the single issue now before the As semblyhby a majority of even a half dozen, .it would, in:-iew of their former position, and taking: scount of the certainty of there ,-being a:fev purely personal votes-it would ;scareely be"a gJorious victory." The no confidence motion is not expected to be asettled till.thermiddle or end of the second week. however, and.what the result will be :after all the talking in the House, and the Svire-pulling Ibehind ,the scenes, it is diffi c ult to prophesy. .d ifBET. As indieating the uncertainty of the posi tic so, a little iocident that took place be toieen a *mrmber .of Parliament and a tol'erably well- informed pressman is worth relttmng. The.member ,of Parliament said to t he pres?man-",I'll wager you £5 to £1 that the Government don't.get a majority of five. Willyoutaskeme up? "No,' said the p·ressman, "iL.won't. "Well, take it the other way about;" said the member. "I'l1 lay you five to one'the Opposition don't get a msjosityof;fifive-will that s.it you ?" But the pressmuan wasn't on; the only thing he could do was to suggest that if the member was itching for a wager, he might get some onterprisiag individual to 'take him up at Tattersall's, although, as The pointed out. the.chances are that a well eneasoned metallician would fight shy of ,wagering on a political race, the nsnaeuvr :hing of that class of sport being abit foreign to him. According to present indications, 5il is a toss-up either way. A WEA'E; R COOK. (Considerable amuismeat was excited over the reading of the letter from David Buchansn to Sir Henny Parkes on IFriday amight. David has been abusing the,0pposi tioniu print for some time past, and it was somawrhat startling to find him 'turning round withl asuddenness even extraordinary in.such a "notoriously shifty character.as .David, and writing a lethter to Sir Henry eloqeaenly attacking the Government, and wishing Parkes and Co. all sorts of pro sperity. But it. was the 'language of this remarkable epistle that made it most diverting. The writer said he would, whenever.ihe got an opportunityof speak jng tony'.odyof the eleetory, "flog the present Gocrnment with barbed wire," .anoint their .icerated backs wsith standard paint, and stslmmstely hurl them off to the hospital in-Wright, Heaton, and Co.'s ran. :Dear David. thou should'st have been in thine old place-his time. Tiho wer't such real good fun. THE ,5D"i'PENDENTS. Thei? ndeewndants ,eemed to have failed .nltogetker in firm'ing a distinct party, and they.are .gradealtlyasettling down, one at a tinme, into Goverument or Opposition sup. p~orters. ·'hat remrlkable specimen of a erail member, Mr..Br ker. of Carcoar, has announced nim.sc'f ira-,dy--he goes with ithe Government on the 'luestion before the Bouse, but hba kept a loophole still by wlrieh he may creep away from that body should occasion eeem to ds'mand it, either as a matterof expediency or rtecessity. The other member for that distrtct is, I know, a decided opponent of the Ga vernment as at present constituted. There' are many Sless promising men in the Asse ambly than Mr. Garland, who brings at least a.fair share Sof honesty of purpose and good ,common aense to aid him in the political life he has just entered upon. wrY WILL BE no IT? This is whae; the gentlemen in the pres' gallery ask one another concerning an nafortunate habit ,-f Mr. Melville's; and I daresay the occupans of the other galleries -nd.anumbors on the flvor of the House often ask themselves, or others, the same ques tion. What Mr. Melville does to astonish us all is to take every possible opportunity of giving some member of the House occasion to play off a joke on the hon. gentlemanu:'s vell-known funeral calling. Why will he, figuratively speaking, raise up this spectre for the Assembly to gaze at, and mix up the trappings of woe with a ghastly friskness of humour? Surely it is not to make things lively ? Fancy a far gone consumptive dancing on atombstone some kind of spectral hornpipe, to the mirthb-provoking s'rains of the "Dead MaRch in Saul!" But what ever the " why or wherefore," remains a fact that so sure as an opportu nity occurs, iMr. Melville will remind us of the "last trump," so to speak, and of the very useful though not cheerful otlice of the undertaker. The worst of it is, that he invariably does this by way of getting at some other hon. member, and the "ruling passion, strong in death," impels him ap parently to use severely technical language. In a word, he's always "on the job." Thus, when hIr. J. C. Neild was saying something facetious the other night, Mr; M. inter jected with" Ob, Ican take your measure!" Now, here was a nice thing to say. -It was certainly a chilly-not to say cold blooded - remark. Why, one could anmoet imagine the hon. gentleman deftly performing the operation. However, the remark of course presented the oppor tunity, which a young and confident member like Mr. Neild would readily seize upon, and he returned the member for Northumberland his warm thanks, biut said he was not then quite ready for such an undertakinlg. He ought to have added that when he was ready he would call on him ! But stay! the subject is beginning to get a trifle wormy. Even as Hamlet's father's ghost flew at an uncanny sound, I must fly with this to the post. 