SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THE WINTER STEEPLECHASE MEETING. Saturday was the great day of the year for jumping horses at Flemington, and evidently this meeting is every year becoming more firmly established in the favour of racegoers. Notwithstanding the rain of the previous night, and the still threatening appearance of the sky, there was a great crush at Spencer- street about noon, the large majority of those intent on racing preferring to go out by rail rather than by road. The attendance was large at all of the three points that mark so many grades amongst the racing public, but the grand stand enclosure was proportionately more liberally patronised than any other part of the course. His Lxcellency the Governor nnd pnrty wero out earl), their arrival being announced by tho strains of the National Anthem Borne time before the firstrace started The Australian Military Band, under the baton ot Signor Kelman, was stationed on the terrace overlooking the lawn, and a meei).selected musicul programme was set clown for the afternoon Although the stirring incidents of a steeplechase meeting render the side aids to enjo)iuent less essen- tial than xv hen the cuni is filled with the tamer contests on the Hat, the requirement of a good luncheon, was not wanting, and although the patronage given to the caterer, Mr. C D. Strul er, exceeded anticipa- tions, no one had cause to complain of either the Hitiiu or the attendance in the long luncheon room beneath the stand. As reguids the rucmg, the rain of the night before, falling upon turf then in beautiful order, bad softened it considerably, und put many of the moro heav ii) weighted horses out of court The fact that a held of 14 horses saddled lor the Maiden Hurdle Race showed thnt umongst owners the race was considered open. Amongst the 3Oat division Haven was most fancied, but Hippogriff, who had Corrigan in the Baddlc, and a consequent 31b. more weight than the 9st. allotted to him, was the best backed horae in the lot The race was an inteiesting one, with only a single misadven- ture, furnished b) Oculist, who, when running well, fell over a hurdle at the back of the course. 'I he followers of the Dowling 1 orest jumueis, who in lins case were legion, commenced well, for Corrigan brought Hippogriff home mi eus) winner from Sea llree/e and Duration, the other placed horses. That the unmet should huvc sutheient pace to win a maiden hurdle race is not surprising when it IB remembered that nt one time the horse wes coiisidernbl) talked about lor last jeur'a Derby. 'Hie margin between a Hut raer-except of the weedy description- and a successful hurdle race horse has now almost eutuel} disappeared For the Maiden Steeple chase seven horses caine out, and amongst the riders in silk were two amateurs Backers in this race would speak of nothing but Reticent, and the liorfae proved himself quite worthy of their patronage After cantering behind Lady Ashton, who led for a great portion ol the journey, Réticent caught the mare in a few strides when his rider wished it, and won with the greatest com- fort. The emphatic success of Corngan's first mount to some extent allayed any doubts held about his second It certainly savoured of rashness to back a recruit in the hurdle racing ao heavily, even though he lind proved his ability to gallop tor a long distance on the Hut But the green mid white is n popular costume, and the public had followed it m this case taithlull), for Sheet Anchor was named in a great majority of the doubles taken on the two Grand National events tis well as being bucked out. Five to four tigamst the horse was ver) short odds in a held of 10. In his opening gallop SneetAnchorwentmuch more quietly than the Dowling Forest horses usually do. The Agent, looking bright and 6tout, cantered along as quietly as usual, but the popular opinion about the horse wns that on such a dil) his weight should keep lum back with some of the horses near the bottom of the card. The brown cliPBnut Tattler looked as likely an outsider us any thing in tho race. Alter they had gone about half a mile, Beauchamp riding apparently to orders on Guardfish took his horse to the front, and made the race a fast one If he did nothing more by these tactics, he probabiy destro)ednny chance that the favourite may have had of winning the race. Accidents were early recorded, lor entering on the Btretch of straight tunning b) the river side Star and 'J'nntn!i7er full over the same hurdle, lind only ono jockey rose with the horses. Croker, who rode Tantah/er, had fallen upon his head, and sustained con cussion of the brain The next tall put Omad liaun out of the rncc, and hampered the favourite. The former brought Batt) down ns tho horses were nbout to enter the straight for the second time The rider knowing his peril jumped away nnubjy to one side out of the way of the horses fol- lowing bim, but ns Oinudhauu floundered about Ins bridle rein was wound about Sheet Anchor's fetlock, so that Corn gan and his horse nearly came down. Possibly this had something to do with his subsequent running, for the horse was ever afterwards last In the second rouftd, Guardfish was driven ulong just as rapidly as at first, und towards the finish surviv ed the efforts of both Cockboat nnd Tattler to draw up even with him The Agent, who was ridden with great judgment by Ferguson, made his rush us the horses turned for the final run to the post, and m a few seconds the Adelaide jumper had the others quite at his mercy. \\\ hen his rider desired it the horse passed Guardfish easily, and won the Grand National Hurdle Race in a canter. Though the ring got oil comparatively lightly through the collapse of Sheet Anchor, it is not to be supposed that BO good a horse as The Agent was allowed to start without being entered largely in the books of the betting men, some of the wagers made about him running into four ligures Fourteen horses remained m to contest the great jumping prize of the year, the Grand Nationnl Steeplechase, and for Buch on event nny number of horses over ado/en aro ahvu)8 considered a large field. It wus rather a Btrange circumstance to find two horses from the same stable the best favourites in the race If this proved anything it was that the public believed both horses to be going on their merits, and that the better of them would win. Tho stable, it seemed, hal confidence in both, but their faith was firmest m the case of Mon en "While m training the pair lind been tried on the Dowling Forest course, when "Wymlet run olf and brought down Morven As it waa feared that he might repeat the trick now they backed the horse who was certain to stand up-and didnt lu the opening stretches Wymlet showed the more hie of the two, and was evidently m line con- dition lor such u mee Denmark, with his commanding carriage ol head and neck, looked a model jumping horse, but with the weight even such a prodigy ns he could only attinct the admiration, not the supportof the public Little Sailor, with his smiling coat and his rider so becomingly costumed in hoops of yellow and violet, mude a handsome equine picture , while the yet smaller Minerva was conspicuous by her very diminutiv eness It seemed strange in the race to see the pony carrying her accomplished rider safely ovir Buch burners as the palinga, the stone wall, and the logs, while such giants by com S anson as Mernder, Moonlight, and lorven came crashing clown behind her. No wonder the crowd gave Minerva a cheer when she cantered home, even though badly beaten 'Hie race was lull of disaster, ns seven good jumping horses in Granville, Mernder, Morven, Moonlight, Leo, Native, and Pi ogress ul! tell at different points of the rice, and riderless horses were to be seen ever) where To the onlookers the unpleasant incident of the race was when the three M 'B \- Merimer, Morven, and Moonlight-tell almost in a body over the stone wall Mr Watson and Scobie were thrown clear of danger on either side, mid Hill, riding Moonlight, had also his piece of good luck. Mr M'Grades horse struck the wall heavily, mid, tuiniiig n somersault, Iel! heavily on his back, but Hill was not in the saddle. 'J lie heavy shock which proved his salvation eliot lum clear away irom the hoise Leo and Prugress lived until they had passed the abat- toirs for the second time. Malone was carried to the ambulance waggon, the sheen of Ins blue Billten jacket in iking his face look very livid indeed Native was especially unfortunate, for after surviving all the perils of the double circuit, he came down just when a lew seconds moto would have seen him in the straight with u good lead of everything in the run home. Alter all the trouble the race re- solved itself into a three furlong gallop be- tween three jaded boises, and Wymlet, hav- ing better stamina than the little Sailor, beat him home and placed another Grand Na r'onnl Steeplechaser to the credit of his -'able uni his plucky rider It was a great performance on the patt of Denmark to come home third under the circumstances, and KildulT's cardinal jacket lind scarcely a speck of mud upon it, showing that ho lind been m front all through, and that his horse lind made no mistakes To those amongst the onlookers who had not backed the horse, and hail, therefore, no interest in seeing him punished, it did seem that the spurs vveie used upon Sailor with altogether unnecessary violence when it waa evident that he had no chanco of reaching Wv inlet The two remaining events, the Selling Hurdle Race and Flat Huco, were invested vv iib onl) a limited interest For the first, 3 lumboruugh, a tall chesnut, with the Dowling 1< orest polish about lum, waa made favourite, and Btarted at odds of 6 to 4 againut lum, Corrigan could only get him second, however, aa thp rnco waa a Rood thniR for the grey Student, who had sufiered to no decree by h ia exercise m the Grand National li urdla Knee 1 or the Tlat Kace, lavour, with Crack nell in the saddle, had a Btrong support, but he waa never prominent 'J he finmh was a line struggle between Plausible und 'Hie Ghotjt, and the latter won hy three quartern of a head. Although his starting price was 10 to 1, the horae carried a lot ot money tor the stable. The fol- lowing aro the detalla oí the racing . lIAIIiKN HURDLE RACE, Of 5 aovs cudi, with ¿00 added Second horse to ro coivo 2fi aovs and tho third 10 BOVB out of the «tako. About tu o miles Mr It O Talbot a b o Hippogriff, 8 yra, by Al- dinga- llippona D.st, carried 0«t. 31b (Corrigan) 1 Mr 1 lthodcn s b g Sea Brecho, 4 yra, lOst 21b. (Hill) .2 Mr J Cripps s bl o Duration, 4 jrs. Ost 121b (ULeot) . . 8 Mr A M Donald s b b Coup d Etat 6 yra, lust 61b (Hingwood) . 0 Mr F ODonueHs ch h Grattan, 5 j ra, lOst Bib (Ghost in) 0 Mr J P D Laurioa b g Echo, Oyra, lOst £lb (Beauchamp) ,. .0 Mr G PycrsschgOculist, G yra, *0st 21b (Goodie) 0 Mr A. Summer» a b g Ace, G j rs, lOst 21b (Kilduff) 0 Mr J Warua bg Insolvent, 4 jra, 10at 21b (Carey) C. Mr T Coffey a bl g Uavon. aged, 10»U 21b (Cree) 0 Mr II Darlots b g Walhalla, 6 yra. lOst 21b (Mr H ttateon) 0 SirW J Clarke a br c Athenian, 4 3 ra. Odt 121b (Corni)) ., 0 Mr S MahonabrgSuncroft 4 yra Ost. 01b (Ryan) 0 Mr J Simson nable hbony, 3 j ra, Oat. (Huht) 0 Betting -4 to 1 agst Hippogriff, 5 to 1 oe.st Raven, 7 to 1 nj.Ht Insolvent, 8 to 1 agst Duration, 10 to 1 each lUtft Oculist and bea Breeze, 12 to 1 agst Athenian J he Hat: dropped to an excellent atart, Hippogriff, Echo Duration Oculist andStaBroeroinabunchJead ittSthuotherso\erthoflrsthurdle Athoulan was bring Ing up tho rear, nnd mot ing vcrj slow lj Thoorder w ai not materially altered down to tho next hurdle, but I cho was tho first to Bhow round Into tho straight Api Touching tue stand ho struck tho hurdle heavil), b it kept on his leg» and as tho horses went past tho jud^CfiboY, the order was Sea Breeze, Hippogriff, 1-ciio and Duration in tho leading places, with Walhalla Athenian, and Coup dLtat last. As the horses moved away along the river side the positions of those in advance had changed again sIiL,htlj tho leaders being Oculist bea Brcczo, Lcho, Grattan, Duration, and Hippogriff A troup of horses followed and away in the rear'Aero Ebony and Coup d Ltat Tim paco tims far had not been fast Almost the samo order waa preserved to ti e bridge except that Lcho fell back, while tuon), who brui been falling back ever since the start, ran round a hurdle. At tho abattoirs tho I catling four wero boa Breeze, Duration Hippogriff, and Haven Just befóte this Oculist when holding a good position carno down. Approaching the turn for home tho peacock blue on Insolvent was noticeable for the tiret time amongst tho leaders while Duration, Hlpi OL,rlff, and Haven formol his immediate escort AH they swung round luto tho straight Hip pogriff waa m tho van Insolvent next, and haven who cama vory fast third Duration had fallen back and seemed to bo beaten but came aualn with Sea Breeze In the run homo Hippogriff easily held lils position, and won by a length and three quarters from bea Brcczo who beat Duration for second placo by a length and a half Insolvent was fourth, Haven fifth, buncioft next, and then caine Grattan and Walhalla, with Athenian last Tlino, 4m as MAIDFK STEEPLECHASE, Of 5 sois each, with 200 added Tho second horse to rccoivo 2J nova and third 10 BOYS» out of tho stake About two miles Mr O II Head s hr g He ti cent, 4 Tra, by Silence, lOat 71b (Chaston) .. . 1 lion W 1 camon a b in Lady Ashton, G yra, list 121b (Kilduff) . . 2 Mr S Miller's bg Kulkyne, aged, list 111b (Mr II Watson) 8 Mr C A * ilgatc H br g Brown Eaglo, aged, list 111b (Mr C Filgotc) . . 0 Mr J IüiTu a b tu Joe s Indian Queen li, 0 yra, list 71b (Crto) 0 Mr J Dinana b g Signal, ß jr», list 01b (Hus se}) 0 Mr S M Wilson s b g Riverton, 0 yrs or aged, list lib. (MLcod) .. 0 Betting -0 to 4 agst Itctlcent, 4 to 1 agst Lady Ashton When tho flatr wont down Signal was tho first to como awaj but Lady Ashton was Immediately taken to the front mid led the field over tho first fence, with .Signal, Kulkyne and Ketfcont next after her, and the conspicuous Cambridge blue Jacket of Brown Kajjolast Joe« Indian Queen li baulked at this fence, but jumped when taken ut it the second timo Afterwards she fenced so badly that she was pulled out before reaching tho stand, having struck lier head against the stone wall As tito horses po&od; tho stand Lad} Ashton was 10 length» In advance of ov to thing else tho next to her being H uti cent with Signal Kulkjno, and Brown Lai,lo following in order Hlv orton hod baulked and was labouring over the fences a long way in tho rear Goiug along the mor track Lady Ashton d'-aw still further away from the others and increased her lead to about -0 lengths Htticent, Kulk}»?, and Signal having three length ga) s between them while Brown I-ajJo was a sceru of lengths behind tho others. Bound bj tho hack of the cou rao Lady Ashton, jump ing well, had »till a long lead and looked Ilka keeping it although Boticent was lessening tho gap between them ami leaving tho other horses Approachfug the turn Reticent rushed alongsldo Lady Ashton iu a few strides, und led into the straight, the maro having tired awaj Boticcnt came homo In a can ter, winning b} 10 lengths from Lady Ashton, who in turn was sue lengths in advance of Kulkyne Time, Cm. 2Js QUA VI) NAIIOVAL IIUItDU' HACF, Of 10 60V a each, with 400 added The booond horso to receive uO sovs aud tho third 25 aova, out of tho stake About three milos. Mr OUT Harts c1 h Tho Agout, 0 yre,by Stan derer list (iib (ferguson} 1 Mr J l» D Laurie a brg Guardfish, 0 3 ra, lOst 81b (Beauchamp) . 2 Mr W 3 Cox s b h Cockboat, 6 yrs, Ost (Cox) 8 Mr 1 loulshamsbg Huntsman, 0 jrs, list Sib (bims) 0 Mr M Loughlins brh Sheet Anchor, Gyrs, lost 121b (Corrigan) 0 Mr J Wh.itohi.ad s bg Star, aged, lOst lllb (Good io) 0 Mr I' J Cox s g g Student ûRûd, löst lllb (Croe) 0 Mr It Ihillp» oh 111 Tattler, G yra, Oat, lllb (Huht) 0 Mr A M Donald s bg Omadhaun, 6 jw, Oat 81b (Hattj) . . 0 Mr J M Orado s brh TautalÍBcr, G j ra, Ost 41b (Croker) . 0 Betting -5 to 4 agst Sheet Anchor, 4 to 1 ogat Tho Agent 0 to 1 agst Guardfish, 10 to 1 Star, Student, and Ontario nothing else was backed As tho flag went down tho horses rushed away to gethcr to an cxcellont start, The Agent being quickest on his legs Approaohlng tho first hurdle, the little rhcsiiut c.avuway to Taritallsor and tho groy Student, who together wero first over tho Jump Thon foi lowed llio Agent, with the favourite closo at his heels while the next jmir bohlnd them were Guard fish and Cockboat As they turned down by the river Bide Huntsman rushed up alongside the Kaders, the others following him in order being Guardfish Tan tahser, Sheet Anchor Cockboat, Ihe Agent, btir, and btudctit with lattltr etlll driving them alone. At tho first hurdlo In tills stretch mishaps occurred as both btar and Tantalisor carno down Croker, tho rider of tho latter, waa tin own on tilshead and was carried to tho casualty room, and bUhwquontly tal en to tho Melbourne Hos pi ta I suffering from concubslon of tho brain Goodie, who Imd already been down and was (.citing acous tomed to It was not hurt As tho field rattled along up towards tile br'dgo Guardfish had taken com maud, witli Huntsman second, and these positions were maintained for eomo timo As tho (leid filed 1 ast the abattoirs there was a 10 lengths t>ap I etween Guardfish and tho next horso, Huntsman Tho nearest attendants of tho leaders were Omadhaun Sheet Anchor, Tattler Cockboat, Tho A tent, and Student Guardfish still furthor increased his lead as thej approached tho straight and it seemed im ponai bio that ho could long continue to wake tho pace At tho last hurdlo beforo coming into tho straight for tho first timo Ornad haun carno down with Batt}, and tho jockev showed sotno smart ness in getting clear of the horses that followed him Omadhaun interfered with Shoot Anchor, who L,ot tho bridle rein wound about his fctlocl s, hut although delayed for soma time hu kept on tits lcc.8 Galloping up tho straight Guardfish was 0 lengths lu advance ol everything After him came Tattler, Huntsman, Student, and Cockboat altogether, with Sheet Anchor last Around by tho river side for the second timo the puco Jacket of Guardfish was a clear CO }ards before-che others, and the rider, still not content with his long lead was driving the horso along vigorously lho Agent moved into second placo hero, and was galloping with a nice even stride, and as jet, making no attempt to rcduco the big c.ap between lilnisolf and the leader Kunnin^ behind the Adelaide horso wero Huntsman, Tattler, Student and Cockboat, with Sheet Anchor still last, galloping without spirit and apparently unablo to improvo his position iu tho slightest decree Long beforo they reached tho abattoirs the favourite was palpably beaton and the interesting problem now was w bother Guardfish, with his long lead, could be overtaken Tattler and Cock beat wero tho first pair who tried to reach him, but both failed to get on terms, and the puce jacket was still in the van Fcr^u on on Tho Ae,ont, delayed his rush until just before turning for homo when ho ma Io up bo much cround that in tho straight ho had tno leader and Cockboat, the pair ttíll in front of him, I orfectly at command Coming up the straight Ihe AL,cnt who was well ridden, caine along, quietly overhauling Guardfish, and getting a clear lead about the end of the carriage paddock, cantered home au easy winner by threo lengths Guardfish finished gamely, a length a half In front of Cockboat, but was unablo to make a raco of it with Tho Agent lattler was fourth, Student fifth, Huntsman next, and Sheet Anchor a bad last Thuo, Cm. Oja GllAND NATIOVATJ STEEPLECHASE Of 15 sov a each, with 500 added Tho second horse to receive CO sovs , and tho third 25 sovs. out of tho stake About threo miles. Mr M Loughlins b g Wymlet, 4 jrs, by King Tom-Ballet Girl, lOst 41b (Corrigan; 1 Mr U Bussell 3 ch g bailor, ac.cd, Oat 101b (M I ood) . 2 Mr J Cohen s b g Denmark, aged, 12st lllb. (Kilduff) .. 8 Mr OUT Hart a brg Governor, 0 j ra, list 01b (Ierguson) 0 Mr M Louhhlln s br g Morven, aged list 4lb (Seoblo) 0 Mr D Ta}Iorsbg Forrester, 0 yra, list (Keating) 0 Mr J M Grade a br g Moonlight, aged, lOat 101b (U1Í1) 0 Mr J Huht a br li Gnumllo, 0 jrs, lOat 81b (Huht) .. 0 Mr M H Smiths b g Irogresa, 0 yra lOst 71b (M'lvor) 0 Mr K Martin's b g Native aged löst 71b (Bird) . 0 Mr L G Wrights br m Minerva, G vra, lOst 61b (Batty) 0 Mr S Millers b g Merndor, 4)ra, löst 61b (Mr H Watson) 0 Mr h. M Bond a br g Leo, 4 }rs, Oat 101b (Malone) .. 0 Mr P J CoxabgTrlckctt, 0 jrs, Ost 71b (Chas ton) 0 Bcttint -5 to 1 agst Morven, 0 to 1 each agst Wymlet and Governor 10to leach agst Denmark, forrester, Progress Sailor, and Leo, 12 to 1 each agst Mcrmlcr and O ran ville When tho flag dropped Wymlet Denmark, and Sailor wero quietest lu getting away, but Nativo led tho others past tho stund with Minerva, Leo, and Forrester Just bohlnd him. and Governor galloping quietly in tho rear Over tho first fonce Native was followed lu order b} Denmark, bearing Wa distinctive colours all cardinal lho blue Jackot and bright yellow cap on 100 roso closo behind him, and then in a group carno Wymlet Mcmder, and Moonlight while I roc.re$s was whipping up the others. All passed safel} o\ cr the next fence hut at tho third Jump In the hollow up near the brldgo Granville struck aud carno dow n Along tho buck tho leading positions had not changed to any oxtent, Native and Domark eloso together being 10 lengths In front of Wjmlet, Leo and Mcmder Denmark and Native were so oloso together along the far sido of tho course that the load was exuhanbed once or twice Wymlet dropped back as thej neared tho abattoirs, letting Leo into third placa At the abattoirs De mark was tho leader, and ho with Native still hold their 10 lengths advantage from Ballarat s second string Wymlet Minerva, Leo, M em der, and Trickett showed In advance of a g oup of other horse«, whose silks wero blurred together In the li^ht smoky haze of tlio avternoon ThuB far tho horses had jumped beautifully and thoro waa evcrv pro9peot of a bli; Sell at tho finish Moonlight bad baulkol but lils rldor sent him over nnd went after tho Bold again As thoy came towart!» the row of solid fctiocs running tarallol willi til» straight tho ordor amongst tho leaders w ia DcnmaiK îiative VV) mlct. Minerva, Leo Forostcr, Mernder, and Mor ven When tiley left the gran 1 btand once again he hit d them the field wau Badly reduced VVymlot waa nearly down at tho jump before the palings but Cor rigan pulled him on his legs and kept going; Den mark Nat ve and Minerva passed aloi g safely, even tho latter a mero pony juinpiiur beautifully But tho big Mern lor who was lumberim, behind her struck and carno down heavily throwing Mr Watson clear away to ono bide Alnostattho samo instant Moonlight and Morven toppled ovor tho wall and fell alongside him Moonlight turned right over and ervbhed down on tho soddlo but tho shock luckily shot tho rider straight forvv ard and clear of the horse bcobio, who rodo Mono i was on his feet in an in stant und with his hands pressed to his sido ran to get clear of tho horses follow ina; nim At the loirs h orrebtcr w as also dow n and bia r derin thu w hite Jacket rolled over on his back, and lay apparently unconscious Lach ot thebo mishaps happening so cioso at hand hrougl t exclamations of dismay from tho men ana loud screams from the scores of ladies in tlio stand In tho mcantimo the leader« Donmark, Nativo Leo, Minerva and Sailor wore galloping in a string up towards the bridge and all fencing cloverly Thoy went almost without alteration in the leading ranks to the back of the course whoro Governor who had I con far in the rear but makin* up his ground, ran up into tho fourth placo Ilcforo they reachod tho abattoirs ¡votivo bad again deprived Denmark of tho lead and tho next horses behind tho pair were Leo and Wymlet The first fenoo on tho homo sido of tho abattoirs brought down ¡Leo A couple of seconds later I rogress also tumbled ov cr, and tho two horses tnllopcd away riderless Native wonton with a i,ood lead but tho last lenco beforo getting into tho straight running brought tho lavender Jacket to t,rass and Denmark, with his big weight was left with nothing between him and tho winning post Both Wymlet and Sailor wero too close howevor for the heavy weight to havo any chanco of winning and tlio intercstitie, question was which of tho former pair had most lu reserve for tho struggle The problem quick]) resolved Itself lu favour of Wymlet who carno aloiiL, c,a loi mt stoutly and won by üvo lengths with Sailor two lengths and a half in ad vaneo of Denmark I rustically nothing olso finished tho othors cantering home as the crowd climbed over the pickets to view the winner and admiro Denmark also Iho rldor of Leo was brought home In the anibulanoo wac.e.on but In splto ot tho many mishap» all tho riders woro able to leave tlio casualt) room during tho altornoou Tho time lor tlio ra co was 7m lDis. SELUNQ nunniB BACK. Of 8 save each with loo added Winnor to bo sold for £50 One milo and a half and a distance Mr P J Coxs), g Student (nil) aged by Lecturer -Ileartcaso lust lllb (Creo) 1 Mr M LouiJiliii s oh g riauiborougb (nil) 0 ) rs lost lllb (eonlgan) 2 Mr li 11 mips s bril Doncaster (nil) 0 yrs list (Chaston) 8 Mr li chifno) s b g Equity (nil) aged lost lllb (Kildull) 0 Mr L Wool s s eli g Tusilicr (nil) aged lost lllb (Goodlo) 0 Mr J It Learmonth s cb h Assegal (nil) 5 yrs, 10»t Bib (ferguson) 0 llcttint, -II to I ngst Farnborough, 4 to 1 caob Stu ici t and Doncaster, 6 to 1 each b mity and Asseeai lusiltor got host away with tho groy Btudonfc and FlauiboroUtfh as his attendants and Assegai last rho positions wero not altered as they moved up tho river bank towards the bridc.0 except that Doncaster dropped back last ltcactiin j tho abattoirs ho moved up o(,aiu I ut round to tho Bhcds tho tlirco horHoa ruslhor, Stu lent and Farnborough kept the leadlu" 1 luces in order Hounding ti o turn 1 lainborouc,!! went to tho front with Student but In the race home tlio groy caine right away from tho Ballarat horso and won very comfortably by threo loii^tlis Ham borough belli), a !cUL,th and a half In froi t of Don caster 1 usiller was fourth Assegai very lamo, noxt and Lqillty lost Time »ni 17js Tho winner on beiiiL, i ut up to auction, was bought in by his owner for 140 SOVB FIAT rtACE. Offisovscach witulDOndded Ono mile Mr J O lleid s eh g The Ghost avtcd, by Hamlet -Mystery Sst Dib (J Williams) 1 lion \\\ 1 carson a b (, Plausible 6 yrs. Sat. 101b (1 ower) 2 Mr T Jones s br o Bohemian, 8 yrs, 7at 31b (lilalr) . 8 Mr J VVaro s oh h Irralco, 0 yrs Ost 21b (Robert- son) 0 Mrs G Cook s b h Anglesey, 6 ) rs, 8st 41b (Dalton) 0 Mr 1 Colle) s br o Fornica, 4 yrs, 7st 121b. (haundors) 0 Mr J Wilsons Jun.br o IUnc,mastor, 2 yrs, 7st 81b (lake) . 0 Mr D M Robertson abo Cinclnnntus, 8 yrs, 7st 71b (Hutchins) 0 Mr J It Cowoll abo Sirocco, 8 yrs, 7st Clb (Ilsloy) 0 Mr C vvilbons bin Gardenia, 6 yrs, 7st Clb (0 Brien) 0 Mr J M Donald a oh g Favour, aeod, 7at 41b (Cracknell) .. 0 Mr O i Irasortbh Sir Charles, 6 yrs, 7et 21b (Mcholson) 0 Mr 1> Kellys oh g VVarflold, fj yrs, 7st 21b (Marr) _ 0 SlrW J Clarkos brg Vornet, 4 )rs, Oat 131b (Doherty) 0 Mr J A Lang's b f Agatha, 4 yrs, Ost 121b (Drown) 0 Mr II Holness bo Bcrkeloy, 8 yrs, Ost Sib (O Williams) 0 Betting- 5 toi ogBt favour 7 to leach agst Gar denla and 1 ernlca 10 to 1 each a^st 1 lauslblo Tho j Ghost Sirocco Bohomlan Sir Charles and Vernct | AU the horses went away evonly Iron) tho start, except Warflcld who was lett nt tho jost ternlea was the Ur»t to show In Iront with Agatha close beside him then carno Tho Ghost I lauslblc and Vernet At tho abattq rs Sir Charles had i -wsed up rapid!) and was leading Ila kept tlio i osltlon Into tile straight with The Ghost and I lauslblo closo be bind bim Half way homo tim two latter were in front al da fine raco followed I lauslblo next the rails at Hist looked Uko winning, but The Chost got homo first by three quarters of a head I lauslblo being tvv olengths and a half in frontof Bohemian Sir Citarles was fourth itincmastcr fifth Fernlea sixth Irralco Boventh and Gar Ionia neve wlillu Berkeley and Vornet wero tho two last Time lue 483». The following were the amounts of, the stakes won - Mr M Loughiin tirst Grand lsntional Stooplcchafio . £745 Second belling liurdio ltaeo 8 \- £748 Mr C II T Hart t Irst Grand National Hurdle Race - " COS Mr J G Hold I Irst Hat Uaco " _ -278 Mr It G Talbot I Irst Malden Hurdle Raco _ _ _ 2G0 Mr O II Head- line Moi len Stoeplechoao . _ "217 Mr I J Cox 1 irst Selling lTurdlo Raco " - _ 189 Mr J P D Lourie Second Grand National Hurdlo Raoo .. f>0 Mr G llusscll Second Giand ¿National Stcoplcclioso ~ 60 lion VV 1 carson Second Maiden Steeplechase «. £25 Second 1 lat ltaco _ 6 \- 80 Mr J llhodon Second Maiden nurdlo Raco M M M 25 Mr VV S Cox lhlid Grand national Hurdlo Raco _ _ 25 Mr J Cohen Third Grand National Steeplechase- - _ 26 Mr J Crlns Third Malden Hurdle Raoo " " lo Mr S Miller Third Malden Stooplooliasa " 10 Total _ . £2,410 SPORTING NOTES The Grand National meeting at Fleming ton was a great success in every woy, con Bidenng the wet weather in the morning, which was quite sulhcient to have deterred hundreds of people i rom attending Instead ot this however, the assemblage was more numerous than on any former occasion and instead of there being a financial dehcit, as hitherto there will doubtless be a respect able balance to the good when the accounts are made up Had tho weather been at all promising m tho early morning therefore, the meeting must have paid its way hand somcly Ihe hurdle racing and steeple chasing moreover were of a high order and considering the slippery condition of the course, accidents were not at all numerous or serioua, the most regretable circumstance being the mishap to Croker the rider of lan tahser in the (jrand National Hurdle Rnce who alter being convoed to the casualty room was found to havo sustained conçus Bion of the brain. 1 n tries close to day for the August meeting of the Victoria Amateur I uri Club the closing time being 4 o clock lins will also be the Grand National Meeting at Caulfield tho chief event being the Steeplechase, of 350 SOVB , with a Bweepstakes of Bevon sovs each for acceptors, the nomination being three sovs Ihe second horse will receive 75 sovs, and the third 25 sovs lhere is also a Hurdle Race of 200 sovs, with a sweepstake of five sovs each for acceptors , nomination three BOVS Ihe other events are -the Sapling Stakes of 100 BOVS, for two year olds, a belling Race of 50 sovs and the Balaclava Stakes of 100 BOVB Ihe weights will appear this day fortnight, and the acceptances for the Steeplechase and Hurdle Race are due on luesday, the 11th of August Ihe Salo Turf Club nominations are also duo today for the following events -Hie Hurdle Race the Gipps Land Hop Ritters Handicap and the Steeplechase. Lntncs can be made to the secretary (Mr A A. 51 Millan; at the Lichange Hotel, Sale orattheVRC I office Bourke street upto4p m Hie weights will bo announced next Friday, and the day of general entry is Saturday, the 1st of next month lo day Messrs W C Yuille and Co will Bell the following racehorses, at lattersalls, Stephen street commencing at 3 o clock - Meteor, St Leonards a brown two)ear old colt by St AlbanB-Naomi, Inglesides, Um berto Ishmael Primus, Australian Court Ocuhat saleyards Sir Samuel, Hannibal, Plato and some others. Hie handicups for next Saturdays Wil hamatown meeting will be published to morrow, and those for the Geelong meeting on Wednesday The annual balance sheet of the Victoria Racing Club, which was issued on Triday last is a remarkable document, as Bhowing the advance and prosperity ol the leading turf institution lake the last spring meeting as an instance wherein the balance (profit) runs up to the large sum of £12 GOO odd No matter what loss may accrue on the other meetings, the spring meeting may always be relied upon 1 or instance putting the loss on the steeplechase the autumn, and the New \ ears Day against the gains over the late Melbourne Cup, there remains the sub stantiul surplus of £10 353 4s 2d Ihe ninth meeting of the Victorian Trot ting Club shareholders is announced to bo held at the office of the company, 100 Bourke street west on Wednesday next, at 4 o clock Ihe business is to receive the report and financial statement for the past half year The annual meeting of the Victoria Racing Club is fixed for Mondn>, tho 3rd of August, lit Menzies Hotel, when the balance sheet will be received and, if approved, adopted 'I he following members of the committ >e re tire, but nrf eligible for re election -Sir w J Clarke, Messrs C 15 Fisher, S Gardiner, S Miller, W Pearson, and 0 Watson A notice of motion lia« been tabled as follows. -"'lhut the committee of the Victoria HacingClub ba empowered to grant a gratuity for the benelit of the widow and family of the late judge, Mr James Johnston " Mem- bers are requested to notice that the annual subscription must be paid on or before the 1st of Auguit, otherwise they will not be entitled to vote at the annual meeting Amongst coursing men the puco which happened on Friday last in the deciding course tor the Waterloo Cu > is a prominent topic, It was BO unusual an occurrence as to insure its remembrance for verj many years to come During the long period for which the Waterloo Cup has been an institution in Liiglaml, there is onlv one instante of a somewhat Birnilur contretunps, and that was when Lord Haddington B Honeywood de- feated Plunger The Scotch dog led Ins opponent four lengths on the outside for three strong drives at his hare and was in posbeision, when a man, away from the crowd, and up to then unseen, rushed in, and diverted the winning dog's attention fiom his hare Plunger got in, and was about even with him when they went over a mound from view '1 he affair created a great uproar at the time, and Mr liedlej, the judge, was made the subject of considerable abuso at the banda of the backers of the south country do¿, especially in the news- papers There IB this difference between the two cases, however, that Khodnnthe's score from the outset was so consecutive and pro nounced, that, even if there had been no subsequent interference from a third dog, it would have been very long odda against Siesta balancing mattera borne few people were under the impression that Ithoaantho should have been disqualified and the stakes awarded to Siesta, hut there is no rule to meet these precise circumstances , it ia only law when the third dog and the winner belong to the same owner Whether purely accidental or otherwise, the oc currence was a most unfortunate one to the club under whose auspices it happened, and unsatisfactory to Mr. Geo, Whittingham, who, to say the least of it, was scarcely beaten fairly on his merits, and it is further more very scant satistaction to the owner of the loser that the penalty for allowing a greyhound to escupe is a paltry sovereign onl). 'J he general settling over the AVaterlooCnp meeting takes place this afternoon at the Union Club Hotel, Collins street west. On Wednesday next the entries for tho Moonee Valle,} Coursing Meeting, to be held on 1 hursday and 1 riday, close to Mr H. n Koche, at Kirk's Ba7uar, before 2 o'clock, 'ihe nomination will be received at the same hour on 'tuesday Ihe programme is aa follows -lb all ages, atlO sovs. , 10 puppies, at 5 sovs , Id all ages, at SO sovs. , 8 all ages, at G sovs. , and three 8 dog stakes for puppies, at 2, 3, and 4 aovs. each 'J fie Ballarat Coursing Club announce an extra meeting for 1 riday, the 31st Hist. There are four events, vi/., the Burrumbeet Stakes, ior 10 puppies, at 2 guineas , the Carngham Stakes, lor 1C all »Lea, at 2 guincaa, the Calendar Stakes, for 8 puppies, at 6 guineas , and the Beaufort btakes, for 8 all ages, at 0 guineas Entnes are due before 3 p m on the previous day, to Mr. T. Cadden, at Craig's Hotel. Ihe Woodstock Coursing Club held the third meeting of the season on '1 hursday last, on the Bald-hill Estate, Donnybrook, when the Ladies' Bracelet, given by Mr. W. IL Wilson, the president, waa competed for by 10 all ages. The « inner was Alias IO Dar- mody, who nominated (Mr Darmody'sJSomer ton Lass, by Fraser- Dora, Miss L Mason na (Mr. J. Mason s) Castaway, by Wildrake Needle, being runner up The following coursing meetings in the country take place this week .«-The Maffra Club and Northern Club, on Wednesday, and the Clunes and Majoica Club on Thura day nnd 1"riday, entries on Tuesday, 'lho entries tor the next meeting of the Sand- hurst, Maldon, and Baringhup Club close on Friday. A new coursing club has been formed at Albury The opening meeting is fixed for Thursday, the 0th day of AugUBt, over the Albury racecourse, when three stakes will bo run for, viz. -Albury bt Leger, Members' btakea, and Local btakes Mr. T. D. Hughes ia honorary secretar) Our Clunes correspondent writes -"An addition haa been made to the coursing clubs of this district, under tho designation of the Glengower Amateur Club The lirst meeting is (lied for Thursday the 30th inst The card will comprise a Ladies' Bracelet, to be run tor over the estates of Messrs Wethers ton Bros , Baird and M Master, Anderson Bros, A Crunk, W Wilson, and others Lntnea cloHe on 1 uesday, the 28th, at the National Hotel, Clunes Hie following honorary officers ure appointed -Mr J Wetheraton, jun , secretary, Mr J M'Cann, judge , and Mr ÏZ Pearce, slipper " Lntries for tho Champion Fox Terrier Meeting (18in and under), at the Ungi)ton park Plumpton, close to day. The filial pay- ment is on Friday. FOOTBALL. CAM/TON V GEFLONG Theso teams mot (or tim llret timo this season on tho East Melbourne Crickot- oround on Saturday afternoon, In tho presonco of about 5,000 epcotatora Tho gamo waa dcBtined to bo tho greatest surprise of soreral seasons, owing to tho easy defeat of tho Geelong team, Mho woro tho favourites when if oommenccd The visitors, however, had not their btrongtBt toara, horloy, Matson, I- oot, Morrison, A. Held, and VV. Iloid being absent, and beforo the non test waa over they woro nmoh wanted Tho play was not so ono sided as tho yoal retord shows, as Carlton had tho (rood fortuno to seoro ncarl) ali tliotr chances, whilo Geelong had a fatality for losing their chames to put the ball between tho posta. Tho ground beim? not and slipper} militated somewhat agaihstthc first olassdisplay that thogamo would other wiso havo produood lho visitors were captained by M'Lcan, and Baker led thoir opponents, who kicked with tho wind first half Tho ball, after a fow kicks, got within 20 janis of tho Carlton goal, and M'Lcan, by a running kick, soorcd first goal for Geelong, owing to Carlton up to tills stairo pla)Ing without a goalkeeper Tho west win? became tho favourito lócalo of tho bali which was often out of bounds, and BO far thero was onlj a littlo to choose in favour of Carlton for w bom Whelan, Baker, Obern, and John- son woro working hard After tho leather had been kept by Carlton for somo time past tho mlddlo of tho ground, Geelong got iu quick succession two obances to score, but tho crisis near tho post w as just won by tho metropolitans, and next timo Rock, In trying nn eos) shot, kicked a j ard or two short of tho goal Goeloni; kopt on getting bullinda, and making their supporters very jubilant, but tho luok all belonged to Carlton, who told off a couplo of good mon to watch their posts At last Carlton cnrrled tho ball into their opponents' ground, and finally kicked it out of the roservc and across tho railway lino On getting it back atnln Carlton equalised tho gamo by scoring a goal, kicked by ¿lair out of a scrlniniago The feat was repeated by Whelan directly afterwards, and still moro qultkl) by Woods, amidst tumultuous rejoicing from tho Carlton contingent, which was very largo. When Wilson kicked lho fourth goal, Ovo minutes aftor wards, tho excitemont robu to enthusiasm, and Geelong partisans woro downcast and amazed at tho decided turn the gamo was taking lho score at half timo was-Carlton, 4 goals 2 bollinda , Geelong, 1 goal 7 bollinda. 1 or Carlton Cook, Whelan, btrlok fand, M'lncrncj, and Knowles wero conspicuous, while of tho GcctouvT mon Collina, Talbot, Illgln botham, Bojd, and hearne) strovo hard to avert doteat Geelong bc|,an well bj some telling marks, and then alter tho sharpest of rallies and splendid play on both sides baker sinattl) got a mark, and by a strong nell judifed kick scored fifth goal for Carlton Geelong held their own forthenoxt 10 minutes, and then n rush was mado by Carlton, and Bakur, in the most workmanliko manner, put tho ball through-sixth goal for Carlton and tho applauso un bounded bomu hot work followed, anti then the spell against Geelong was broken by Kock obtaining a second goal in fine Btv le Tho ball was mostly in Carlton territory alter play was resumed, until tho Carlton, repeating their former tactics, carried tho leather almost uninterruptedly down tho ground and Wilson scored a goal for tho metropolitans by driving it along tho turf Geelong now assumod tho offenslvo, and Kock and AI'Lean got promising chances M'Lcan hit the post, and bad a maik close up to tho posts when tho bell rang At the call of time, tho scoro was Carlton, 7 goals 4 bchinds, Geolong, 2 goals 13 behinds Coding, of South Melbourne, acted oin cicntly as central unipiro ESSENDON V MELBOURNE Tho second meeting of tho Essendon and Mclboumo clubs took placo on the Mclboumo Cricket irround on Saturday, and ended in another addition to tho many surprises of tbo season Taking into oonsidoratlon their rcceut performances, it was hardly to bo ex- pected that tho Mclboumo mon would bo ablo to copo successfully with tho so far unbeaten Essendon , but, as it turned out, they wero moro than a match for their opponents lu tho lost match, tho hasendon won by lu eoals to 1, and alnco that time tho Mci bourno ha\ e suffered scvoral Ignominious dofoats It was, therefore, not surprising to hear of all sorts of ridiculous odds being laid on tho Lssendon Tho attendance on Saturday did not number moro than about G0O people Molbourno started with 10 mon onlj, the absentco being Willis, but his place was Bhortl) afterwards taken by Tailor G Aitken won tho toss for Melbourne, and decided to kick into tho western goal Powell, the captain of tho Essondon, kicked off at a quarter past 8, tho boll being returned by Plant to Balle), who passed It to O Coulson Coulson marked to Johnson, and Johnson to Baird, who kicked for goal Tho ball fell short of c,oal, and was marked by Lynar, who plnctnl first goal to Melbourne s credit with a good kick Essendon rallied on tbo kick off, and scored a behind, kicked by Butt A second was kicked bj Bute, and a third by M'Shane Carroll, btrachan, and Baird brought tho ball dow n tho centro of the ground with good marks, and Carroll had a shot for goal, which resulted In second behind to Mci bourne Tbo ball waa taken away by D Aitken, Powell, and Martin, and tho latter scorod fourth bo hind to tho Essondon M Rout marked tbo kick off, anti passed tbo ball to M'bhano, who kicked first goal for Essondon Morrison and Can oil forced tho ball forward to Baird, WHO scored third behind to Mel bourno Tho ball hovered round tho Essondon posts for somo timo, owing to tho good marking of the Mclboumo forwards, and Johnson equalised tbo Bcores with tho fourth behind, aftor which half timo was called Powell procured tho ball on tho throw up, and marked to Hoad or, who passed to T Kout Kout Bcntrightin to goal, vvhoroM'Shuneprocurcd and kicked Essendon a second goal ov or bia shoulder, al Crindle, G Aitken, and T&v; lor took the ball fo-word on tho kick off, and Carroll gavo IHlrd a mark, who scored second goal with a good kick G Aitken nnd Griffith sent tho ball forward, but It was returned by Powell and Martin, and Julien scored fifth behind to Essen don Meaucr marked the kick off, and marked to Pearson, but A Coulson and M'Crlndle relieved their goal well, aud passed the ball to Ta)lor, «ho mado a good run »long tho south fling. C. Coulson was awarded a froo kick for Nicolson holding the ball, and passed It to Doran, who «as forced behind, the scores being again mndo even M*Crlndle marked tho kick off. and parsed it to Carroll. Johnson, Strachan, and Baird made good marka rounds tho Essendon posts Baird kicked well forward to Carroll, who picked tho bill up smartly and sent it bi.tween the poats, making third goal to Molbourno The effort waa oh».eredngain and again by the small crowd, the majority of w horn Bccmed to bo supporters of tho metropolitan club. Melbourne followed up their success with another Uno rush, and their eKth behind was scored by Baird blendon rallied weil, and kept tho Meluournc backs bus} during tho rest of tho gamo, but they oould only score behinds, and tho boll rang without tho much wished for goal being obtained. Tho acorta at tho finish woro-.Melbourne, 3 goals 0 behinds ; Essendon. 2 coals 0 behinds. It is rather dnlicult to mention tho best pla; era in tho Melbourno, but G. Aitken deserves particular mention for tho fino, untiring gamo ho played. Ho waa well supported by Carroll, Baird, KolJ>, ty nar, Griffith, and the Coulsons Lssondon'a best roprcaentatlvos wero Moline, tho Bouts, Pearson, Mooro, D. Aitken, Martin, and Chain pion. Mr. M. Minchin made a satisfactory central umpire. This la the last of thestrlu« of matches arranged to be pla>cd on tho Melbourne Criokct-ground, which w ill bo immediately (1 top-dre£Scd" and got ready for tho coming cricket season. SOUTH MELBOURNE V. FITZROY. Tho match pla} ed on Saturday afternoon between tho South Melbourno nnd Fitzroy first twenties, on tho South Melbourno Cricket-ground, drow an at- tendance of about 0,000 porsons. Three of tho best men ol tlio local team, narnelj, Elms (tho captain), li annoy t>ee( and BuBhcl) wero absent, their places bemg filled by other mon. Harper, tho vico captain, took command for tho afternoon. M'Shano led tho Fitzroy mon, and Mr. H. Wilson waa the ocntral umpire There was scarcely any wind, and with tho exception oí tho dull light the wcavhor was very suitable for football. Tho ground also was in capital order, its good surface tonnatlou having thrown off all effects of tho rcocut rain. Fitzroy won the toss, and elected to kick to the southern or lake end of tlio ground. Beforo tho game had pro* cceded a coupla of minutes Minchin obtained a mark, and hau a fair chance of kicking a goal, but he did not kick well, and nothing resulted from his effort. Immediately afterwords, ho» ever, tho South Melbourne got the ball close up to tho Bouthcrn end. and M'Kenzio Licked tho first goal. When tho ball was started off again it was soon roturned towards the Fitzroy gaol, and play was kept up near it for a time. Tho visitors then transferred operations to the other end of the cnolosure, but the bail was quickly returned, Hill doing somo capital work for the South. A behind waa Bcorcd by the local team, Young having forwarded the ball well across the ground, and Worral!, who was plajing splendidly, tuen got tho ball away with the help of somo other of tue Fitzroy placera to the northern goal. Cooper was there favoured by Carroll with a mark within kicking distance, but onl> a behind the first for Fitzroy-was mado. Tho local team took possession of thu ball immediately it was sent off again, and forced it up tho mtddlo of tho ground. When It was a little moro than half way across Burns kicked on to M'Shano, and then hasten- ing on towards goal was in time to catch it close in and kick it through without any difficulty, making second goal for South Melbourno M'Kenzio soon afterwards had along shot for goal, and 6cond the second behind for tho local men, but for tlio noxt quarter of on hour the visitors played well, and put their opponents closely on the defensiva Worral!, Coleman, O Leary, and Muir wero scry effective during tho time named, and it was only through tho activo defensivo taotics of Hill and others playing back for the South that the Fitzroy linn wero pro- moted from making goals. They had four shots for it, but ali from long distances, and only a behind was obtained in each of tho attempts. Tho South Mel- bourne at last changed the scene of tho contest, and getting tho ball to the other end quickly mado 3 behinds, Parry, ono of their men, then got a mark in front within tho easiest of distances, but Instead of waiting to kick steadily turned round and only managed a behind. WJioti the boll rang for tho Interval South Melbourne had made 2 goals and ß behinds, and Fitz- roy 0 behinds. After tho rest tho local men kicked towards tho northern goal and the visitors to the southern, and boforo play had been proceeding moro than a minute the ball was near the last-named goal. Dooberty there gavo a mark to Minchin, who by a drep kick Bcored goal from a dis tan co of about 40 yards Tho rest of tho gamo waa a continuous tri- umphal career for the ¡south Melbourne. Minchin soon hao another mark within plajablo distance, and again scored goal nicely. Parry then bad an easy chanco and missed badly. Fitzroy once managed lo work tho ball gradually up the eot>t sido to near their opponents' goal, but it was then returned with rapidity to tho northern end, and M'Kcnrle, stand- ing in a favourable position In iront, obtained a mark from Docherty and put the ball through When 10 behinds had been made by the local | men, Dickcson, by one of tho long kicks for which ha | is famous, landed tho ball on tho ground just In front of goal, and Burns picked it up and kicked it through rapidly beforo any of the other side who wero near tutu could reach him. South Melbourno next mado four moro behinds and Fitzroy one, and then, principal!} by tho smartness of Worral 1 and Carroll, Larcw had a nlco chance from tho front, but missed. Tlio samo plaj er had a still more easy oppor- tunity just afterwards, but again missed badly. Tho SON on tli goal for South Al el bourne was mado by grand play on tho part of Burns. Ho secured a mark by lumping high above tho others, and then, "although 50 jrrda off, sent tho ball botwooii tho posta. Harpor mado the eighth coal for the South, and Burns tho ninth, and tlio gamo then closed, the scores being South Melbourne li goals 14 behinds. Fitzroy no goals 8 behinds Iho South Melbourno team general li played well, Burns, Minchin, Docherty, \oung, and Dccis being specially prominent. Worral!, Coleman, Carroll, and Muir did the most effective work for fitzroy. Mi. II. Wllsou was a good central umpire, WILLIAMSTOWN V. BALLARAT. Those clubs, under their respectivo captains, Laming and Graham, met on tho Williamstown ground on Saturday, in tho prcsotioo of about 1,600 persons. The ground was in good order for plaj. Ballarat won tho toss, and kicked towards the pavilion. Tho W11 Hamstovvn team made a vigorous start, and withiu five minutes from the commencement had scored a behind and a goal, tho latter kicked by W, H Jones Ballarat railed, and placed a behind to their credit. Somo out-of-bounds play followed Ballarat carried the ball dobo up to their opponents' posts, and Coram kicked a goal. Tho Williamstown re- sponded by kicking three behinds In rapid succession. At tins Btago of thu gamo two of tho local players Laming and ltivett-each attempting a mark, col- lided. Rivett, who was stunned by the concussion, was carried off tho ground, and was unable to play during tho remainder of tho game. When half timo was called tlio scoro stood :-Williamstown, 2 goals 8 behinds; Ballarat, 1 goal 1 behind. Tho visitors showed somo good play during tho ii ret few minutes of tlie second half, and the Williamstown goal waa thrico placed in danger, tinaliy Coram had a shot, which .resulted in a goal for Ballarat, A eeconu attempt for goal added a behind to tho visitors' score. Williamstown then carried tho ball to the opposite end of tho ground, and placed two bo« hinds to their credit. Soon afterwards Laming re- ceived a mark from Kennedy, and kicked third gool for Williamstown, llicn Smith marked woll In front, and tho fourth goal for tho local men resulted. Bal- larat made a determined effort to chango Die fortune of tho game Bub soon Fitzpatrick sent tho ball bo tween tho posts, scoring fifth goal for Williamstown. Ballarat mudo a final effort, forced the play close to their opponents' posts, and tho ball was being placed for a try w hen the bell rang. The gamo resulted In a win for Williamstown by & goals and 14 behinds, to Ballarat's 2 goals and 3 behinds. For the local team Joites(two), Smith, Sinclair, James, Ta>lor, Clark, and Maercll, aud for the visitors Boddicombo (tw o), Bryant, Graham, Christie, Coram, and Coulty were most con- spicuous Mr. Rickards proved an efficient and im- partial central umpire The following football matches were also played on Saturday :—Waverley v. Oakleigh, resulting in a draw—Oakleigh 1 goal and 8 behinds to Waverley 1 goal 7 behinds ; South St. Kilda (second twenty) v. St. Kilda Royal (second twenty), the former 3 goals 22 behinds, and the latter 1 goal 3 behinds ; St Kilda Royal v. Union, the former 3 goals 19 behinds, the latter 1 goal 1 behind ; North Brunswick v. Young Aus- tralian, the former 2 goals (1 disputed) 12 behinds, latter 2 behinds, St. Kilda v. Evansdale, the former won by 4 goal 3 behinds to 3 goals 8 behinds ; Essen- don v. Melbourne (second), won by the former by 1 goal 9 behinds to 5 behinds ; Grace park v. Glenhill, won by the former by 6 goals 18 behinds to 1 goal 6 behinds; Brunswick defeated the Locos by 7 goals to nothing; St. Kilda v. Brighton, an easy win for the former by 3 goals 12 behinds to 1 goal 1 behind. THE ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN GAME. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALES. A match was played on Saturday afternoon at the Richmond Cricket ground, between the New South Wales eleven and the team selected from those Vic- torian and English players who follow the rules of the Anglo-Australian football Association. In consequence of the principles of the game not being well understood, and the counter attractions elsewhere, the attendance was very small-not moro than 200 or 300 persons being present. Tho sides were better matched than on Thursday, and a fairly even game waa pla)ed throughout, both sides showing great spirit and determination to uphold tho laurels of their respectivo colonies As soon as tho bal! was put In motion, the Victorians rushed It forward and suc- ceeded in forcing it behind tho line twice In rapid suc- cession. This rebuff had the effect of rousing tlio visitors to their work, and thoy carried tho ball into thoir opponents* territory, and placed it behind. Soon afterwards Griffiths mode a good attempt to score for Sydney, but his efforts wero frustrated by tho activity of Lydiard. The play continued to bo con- fined to Victorian territory, and at length an oppor* I tunity of scoring waa afforded to Prinsep*, who | availed himself of It by putting the ball between the posts with a well di ree ted kick. Some plav of uti even character ensued, but tho gamo was delayed I through tho ball frequent.) going out of bounds, tho ground being very wot and sllppory. At last, through the exertions of Amson and Wero, tho ball was taken to the S)dnoy end, where Lvdfard socured tho first goal for Victoria Tho ball being set rolling again, tho visitors forced it towards the other end, but In doing so sont it out of bounds thrco or four times Griffiths obtained possession of tho ball, and quickly secured the second goal for New South Wolca. Shortly after Victoria was again successful in return- ing the ball to their opponents' territory, and two corners wero secured, but Amson failed in a shot for goal. The Sjdncy men showed great smartness In putting tho ball with thoir heads. Up to half time tho play was decidedly in favour of Now South Wales. May was resumed after half timo at 20 minutes post four, and tho visitors had the best of It, and for somo minutes kept the ball well down lu tho Victorian end. Tho Victorians then ran it donn to tho New South Wales goal. Gregory, bj two very good kicks, sent tho ball again to tho Tis ¡tors' stronghold. It was, hovvovor, quickly returned, and after somo play near tho Victorian goal, Millington fouled, and a freo kick was given to tho visitors. A scrimmage ensued in goal, but Lydiard, tho Victorian goal ktoper, kept hold of the ball, and the local team managed to get it away without further loss Tho New Southe ales men now pla>od finely, Greig and Coombes Beomlng Invincible Victoria rallied, and the ball was sent to the Now South Wales end. Some fino pla) ensued lu the visitors' loft wing, and Yletorla tried twlco for goal, but, by tho v¡guaneo of M'Qucen, thoir efforts were unsuccessful After some further play tho ball was rushed up to the New South Wales, end, and a good goal for Victoria waa scoured by Almond Gregory immediately after had a shot for goal, but failed, and time waa then can ed. The play in the second half was moro even than In the first, and tho game ended in a draw, both sides having secured two goals For New South Wales, Prinsep*, Griffiths, Giclg, Coombes, and M'O.uecn, and for Victoria Amson, Gibbs, Almond, AVaro, and Lydiard distin- guished thomselvca. DINNER TO THE NEW SOUTH. WALES FOOT- BALL TEAM. A dinner waa given by the Anglo-Australian Foot- ball Association at Clarke's Exchange Hotel, William street, on Saturday evening, to the New South Wales team now on a visit to Melbourne for the purpose of playing three intercolonial matches. Mr. D. Gaunson, M.L.A , who presided, was supported by. Mr. H. A. Prinsep, of the Southern British Football Asso- ciation, New South Wales, and by Mr. A. A. Gibbs, captain of the Anglo-Australian team, and about 58 sat down, including the visitors. The usual loyal toasts having been submitted, Mr. H H Smith proposed that of " Parliament," which was responded to by Mr Gaunson. Mr A. A Gibbs pro- posed " The Health of the Visiting Team ". The Anglo Australian Association had, he said, worked hard to make their visit a financial success, and their short stay a pleasant one, and he hoped that they would take away with them pleasing recollections of their sojourn in Melbourne. Mr H A Prinsep, on behalf of the New South Wales team, said they had done a good deal of footballing, but had never met with better or more hospitable treatment than had been shown to them during their present visit. Mr P McKinlay, who proposed "The Presidents and Vice Presidents of the Anglo-Austra- lian Association," said that the game of football, as played by their club, was the legitimate game, and Mr I C Teare, one of the vice presidents, in return- ing thanks remarked that the association was in a most flourishing condition, whilst the members gene rally displayed great energy and enthusiasm. Mr J. Almond having given the "Umpire and Referees," on behalf of whom Mr G Bisecker replied, Mr W.Ware proposed " The Ladies " and the toasts of " The Press 'and "The Chairman"followed, bringing the proceedings to a termination. This afternoon the New South Wales team now in Melbourne contest a match with a selected team of Victorian (Scotch) players, on the Warehousemen's cricket- ground, St Kilda road. This will be the last opportunity of seeing the Svdney men play, as they return by express on Tuesday. The game will commence at a quarter past 3pm, as usual. The following are the teams - New South Wales (blue and white) - Walker (goal), Coomber and M'Queen (backs), Greig and Seabrook (half back), Griffiths and Stevens (right wing), Kerr and Cole (centres), Princep (captain) and Tyrer (left wing). Selected (Scotch) Team (royal blue).-Carmichael (goal) A Scott and McDougall (backs), Macredy and Boyd (half backs) H Dunbar (captain) and Macdonald (right wing), Graham and A. Dunbar (oentres), McCallum and T W Spence (left wing). LACBOSSU One of tho principal matches of Saturday was that oflitzroyv Melbourne As tho lost match resulted in a draw, considerable interest was manifested in this match The local club had picked a strong foam, while tho Molbourno woresomowhatweakened by tbo substitution of threo recent additions to the club for threo of its best players, and by the absenco of ono of tbo team In tho early part of tho gamo a spirited attack was mado on tbo litzroy goal, but tho BCcno of operations was soon changed to tho Melbourne quarter, where tbo attacks of Flockhart, Trickett, Bnd Strickland woro woll dofonded bj lluok, lox (coil), and D Fox, the captain and point. Towards tho closo of tbo first half Scott nearly scored & goal for liUrov by a splendid ruu down tho whole length of tho field, but snort!) afterwards Strickland managed to put tho ball through, scoring first goal for his side. Almost immediate!) afterwards tho same lilajcr scored a second goal for I it¿roy On resuming the ntzroy back playors repulsed Eoverat determined attaoks, and tho gamo resulted, after a spirited con- test, in a victory for that team. The ground waa greasy, and falls wore frcquont In tho match, South Yarra v Molbourno Blues, on Saturday, tbo former scored 8 goa a aud tho latter 1 goal A special meeting of tho Victorian Lacrosso Associa- tion was held on t riday, Mr W J Fookes in the chair A protest was lodged by Um Molbourno Club against tho aotlon of the South Molbourno Club in the recent match, which resulted in a draw, in playing four mon in their first team from tbolr scaond, ana neglecting to amend tbo lists by adding tbo names omitted Tho representatives of tho offending club showed that tho breach had been caused by a mis* interpretation of the rules, and as tho protesting club did not wish to claim the match, a nominal lino waa inflicted Tho four loading lacrosse oluba will hold a tourna- ment on tho uouth Melbourno crickot-ground on the bth August LAWN THNNIS tv dunda v Kew (2nd fours)-In this match on Saturday Messrs L. and G M'Dougall (Kow) beat Messrs Lcmprioro and Ross (Nomads) lf> games to 14, and Messrs Ldmondson aud Bliss 16 to 11 Messrs Henty and Dodd (how) beat Messrs Edmondson and Bliss 15 to 7, but wore heaton bv Messrs Leinpncro aud ltoss by 15 to 0. Total Kew, 61, Nomads, 17 SPORTING TDLEGKAM: (FUOM OUR CowtEsrosBENT.) ADELAIDE, SUNDAY. At tho Adelaide Oval )csterday the Ports scored 2 goals and 15 behmda against the bouth Adelaide's 2 goals and 10 behinds Shortly after tbo commencement of the game Miller, one of the bouth Adelaide men, fell and broke his leg. The game was rough. At the Kensington Oval Adelaide defeated Norwood by 4 goals and 10 behinds to 1 goal and 20 bollinda 