YHE NOVELIST. A SECOND WFE. BR MRS. ALKXAKDEB, AtJTnoBOF "TfflWoomaO VOL. lit Chajptbb IX. wftB buBy ?writing * «ply to jlildred .__*£»» JjeaTett'to copy. She Art?urKable S^m^erte^tojMa hatDh° £ lt seemed so bard to write. inS. Leavett'sname, wheB_o^eirand; eve { >milr eves than her brother svould ?'fnTbe taM She »m ttteiroiited to fl» , K.SSVtana. Milted kraWr ""*-1 tave Mm.! [startling [ "la any one waiting 7 ( "The gentleman, m. SlstHyp" t'her writing-things togtetlier, Hiffpaused0 m«Sred to look at her. Jface her large, dark, alarmed eyes, the Klcnder figure, whose tender grace no «w me"t, however simple, eould conceal, and felt for one intense instant, that he conld Jitli his own hand de&troy; the .We that mimated her before he would resign her to he dull brute whose claims it would be ifficult to resist " And you have news for me! she said, as p silently took the hand she held out. is fof Frank Griffith / "It is," said Leigh, recovering himself; and something of a long story; are we safe rom interruption?". " Yes, it is only nine o clock; Mrs. Leavett nrely comes up before ten.'' ? Leigh drew a chair. Mildred resumed tier oat, and gave deep attention to the story he iroc'eeded to repeat. He described clearly the entanglement ot .]ie forced bill, the hold this gave the bill Hiscounter on Burton, and through him on Kis caughter, reserving the disclosure of the Biiost important item to the last " This is most painful!" exclaimed Mildred, she paused. " It is a frightful position for lias Uurton! How can you or any one help ier-' " Yet the marriage most be stopped, said ieigh; "for here is the most extraordinary art of the whole; the man who wishes to Contract it is-Welby.'* There was a moment's silence; then Mil IreJ, clasping her hands and pressing them ' gainst her breast, exclaimed, in a low, | ?oleum tone: " God forgive me! I am the cause of this j rong 1" "You conld not foresee such a compli cation. How were you to anticipate all the lossible conse<jaence3 of your act? Pray do lot torment yourself with fruitless self-re iroach." "Fruitless!" repeated Mildred. "It mast ot be fruitless. Let me think." She rose restlessly, and threw herself into corner of the sofa, pressing one hand over ier eyes. Leigh watched Tier with vague leasiuess. What was she revolving in her iiul ? He waited, but she did not speak; ;r bosom beared, the hand that lay beside ;r opened and shot nervously. " 1 was afraid you would be terribly dis irbed," began Leigh. "Hush 1" she said, VI see plainly enough ^hat I ought to do-shall I dare to do it?" She left the sofa a? she spoke, And came ick to her eeat by the table, taking up a in which Jay there, and drawing it through it closed hand over and over again. " What are you thinking of?" asked Leigh,! atching her eagerly. "Of declaring myself to Mr. Welby: of cing all the consequences of such adecJara on-except returning to i&ybusband;, which uu now «ure be would not ask. Sow shall find courage to do it I" "It is too tremendous A risk !" igh. "Confide in Frank, or «ven tell rton; warnf/te?», but do not put yourself Welby'e power. It is a tremendous lemma; 1 don't know what to advise." 'No one can advise me," said Mildred, « she relapsed into silence, her eyes fixed, d gazing into some depths of her own ul i her expression growing .settled, almost gm, as she thought "I must-I will,"she w at length, slowly. . " I ought to put this alter right; I only can do it Iiow do you propose V Mvill go andspeak to Mr. Welby face to It is sheer madness 1" cried Leigh, be ung to pace the room with agitation, mid you not write the warning?-if it jt be given-or »hy deal with him at all J J . .or I myself could assure Hurfcon that r oid hot die. Wie could provide the P''e.y ^ take up the bill; though be fens to betray the affair to Smiley^ I WtV»m0meot doubt Welby "igfct be fildred shook lier bead. Hi i« cn hi? y^La Relieve it My 111 IS so undoubted. Ton woifla be com re l^hmv of The t iL i ^ more Convinced I am' f«?t Aplan to save the &x;\ and I w m18 *° «W'8eK to Mr. Welby, i that alone. I know bis horror Of scandal , ^otoriety; and I bave a fiprt ol bona refl h? ir w' l kush up the whole affair. Hi £?imi$ ?aha tl*er® is an cowaidioe beyond. jQl . wfvuu. UM1 £U i courage and bearing. U popel nijvretijrn tcibim, bn«s the publicity of legal irocee ^^dsit isonly for "-«, to uni| rigiit lor ? It grows clearfe'r ui ma vuunse*. At las kewved that be could not move bet, I exclaimed: *' Suppose your anticipations of Welby's j irs and scruples are wrong.; suppose ®ei Inoutlie law to secure him nls undoubted' his; what lengtlis wbuld you go to escape? or there is a way of escape.'" M'cit eyes met, and "Mildred grew flrat pisuu aud then deadly white, ob fine divined tidily ^ °£ h*18 b"be anawertid 1' TIuii 1 cannot forest. %Vb can only deal KRepresent" ' . ' : *»eie was a Bhort iftvd Leigh' I3° yon propose tO aBpros?! r-Ah ! that is the first 6x<wAy teunot goto biB bou&e; j P1 jecogniaeme.*! MrIi toTd her F ^ttjby was thla rwf *** to, the .effect $at Jhe waiter ;co^!.d ve nim aomestnmge patticttlars respecting bis l&te; wife, ifhe woura receive Tier on the followingflay. This was to besent -under coverto ftigg, tmdmarked "private/" " He will recognise my writing," Bend Mil dred, '"aadtbKt wiii ensttrehis seeing me. I wiiltgive no addrcss, and take myiiuwice." "Good God 1 and will you ;go al one i" cried l>igh. drabing darkly xed with the painful thoughts that would surge op. "I Boost Litis wr only chanoe, More than that-yomnHBtgive mcsome money to offer him. Tiheame thing he srould date every thing for iamoney. Do you know how much this bill amounted *or "Kot certainly. Frank bfts a din* motion it was for £200. Probability is against ita being liibre." " Thatis Agreat deal of money 1 But I feel my courtage growing. If-If-I can bat succeed witliont too fearful results, this |>re6ent danger may bring me greater safety than I flared to }xob&" The -effect ontfildred'aTaold ^resolution was almost paralysing to Leigh. Jle was com pletely anhiaged. Frank Griffith-deeply as he was preoccupied by hwv own, troubles could not helpnotUungbiakmsman's uneasi ness, more especially as Leigh could not or would mot give him any distinct account of the measures to be taken. He could only b^ .himto wait with what patience he might |or another day. Perhaps Mildred felt the strain less ter ribly. She felt her own strength grow with the conviction that wbatebe was about to do was just and right,; that however she might be blamed, lierliie since she fled from her husband was free fromstaiB; that ahe need not fear to meet her brother, or Mr. Gribble. Finally, ahe nerved herself to £ace all conse quences, and trust the ends to Providence. Still it was hard work to go through the rontine of the day with Mrs. Griffith. That shrewd lady remarked more than once that Mrs. Wood was unusually distrait; but Mil dred accounted for it by explaining that she had some important business to transact next day, for which Mrs. Griffith mast kindly ex cuse her attendance. Mrs. Griffith grumbled a good deal* but acceded. In the afternoon Leigh called, and gave her a rcll of notes, with a few lines stating they were from Frank Griffith: "I will call to-morrow, alter seven, to know the result of yonr momentous inter view. I Buppose I most not venture before." Mildred had found some support in Mrs. Leavett'a warm sympathy. First she im plored her dear young lady not to thrust her head into the lion's mouth, then she begged and prayed to be allowed to accompany ner: finally she Buccumbed to Mildred's fiat, and tried to content herself with preparing an extra good breakfast, which Mildred could not touch. It was with something of the desperate courage which inspires tne volunteer for a forlorn hope that she started on her great undertaking, wrapped in a long dark cloak and thick mack veil, and after walking a little distance took a cab, in order to reach her destination between one and two, when most clerks are at their luncheon. Near the Viaduct she dismissed the vehicle, and began to look for Ely-place, as she never had been there before. She soon dis covered it, and the name of Rigg on the side of a door. The beH was answered by a boy. " Mr. Bigg is not in," said he promptly. " Ask the other gentleman if he will see me. Give him this." This was a note inscribed "The writer of yesterday's letter;" The boy departed into the private room. A murmur of voices came thence. Then he returned, took a card on which was printed, " Will be back in half an hour," caugnt tip nishat, saying " Yon can go inpointed to wards the open door, and pro ceeded to lethimself out Mildred, mastering a wild temptation to rush from the. place, walked into the room, and found herself face to face with her husband. Her first impression was that he seemed neatly changed. He was larger, heavier, duller-looking, flushed, and 'wearing an expression of uneasiness and positive alarm. " Well, what may yonr wonderful disclosure be?" he exclaimed in a bullying tone, while he eyed the tallveBed woman before him with increasing dread. " I wnrn you I am not eajiily tricked, and will punish imposition severely. Who are you f "No impostor!" said Mildred, taming back her veil, and looking into bis eyes. Welby turned lividly white, and starting from his seat, shrunk back against the wall in abject terror. "Mildred 1 t)h my God 1 wfcathas brought you here f he gasped, after staring atber in silence; " I never meant toharm yon. Is it a clever trick T trying to steady his trembling limbs by clutching me back of his chair. "Axe you a living woman f " I amMildred, and I ion living P " Then what do yon want with me ?" " I wish to save yon from unconsciously committing a crime. You are about to marry. You must not". ** Is that what has brought yon back T Then you are an impostor-an infamous im> postor, whom 1 shall expose and punish as you deserve. . Who will believe that you are tor were «ny wifet I deny it I don't re cognise you. Who will believe yon against me I" Mildred smiled, and alefcttng-of relief strengthened berheart. " Ihavenot left myself without witnesses," she said- ?" But I do not want to intrude on yon. Give npthis -marrtege. and you shall hear or see no more of me.*1 Welby continued to gaze on ber with tnmgjefl fear and hatred. "How >as'ypw worthless lWe saved? AVhat miBconanct tiaa Induced you to keep nidden ail this time? Ol examine-111 find oot I'll divorce you and disgrace you, and \--^and-He stopped abruptly, bis chest neavmg.bis eyes gmrinjt. Bo lebat you will," is turned Mildred, growing steadier ftnd more .hopeful of success pottced his rage against her, Ins evident perplexity; " puMidtyhasoo terrors 52!£ *'Cftn accountfor every hour of my nfe since I vuniroed. There is no use in being angry. J am simply doing tight in wvingyiTu from 'bigamy-trom marrying a Si V*°.. you only to preserve ner fathers character. i have nothing to fear: doyonr ntmoet' ;Y«fr punishing me will 2J® M ^bejftr to contract another toamage." hf* *n a tlaeefl, helpless rodreturnedto his tshair withoutspeak boawselvt ^ what inade yon go? pk that villain \- uptoiettvetaef ' ef Noiat was becausetie me to -seek aaepanrtiou tfcetaw In my ewnhand«--and ^rde tyit wete rushing1 M<sgB»rew 'the dates : 1 anfl now Iv _ home youleit.ani *ee» tae from ^kira^y^rha^ywith a real Rood .woman, who II love pie for my goodness to Tier .father 1" *' Aa I was to lore yon for your goodness to nyr mother 1" teturned Mildred, with a bitter smile. " I suppose yon hare enough legal knowledge to be aware that I can de mand my place in your house? I have not yet been absent two years." She was amassed at her own daring and resource. Instinct told her that Wei by was quailing-that tee had more to lose than aha had. " As I hope for Salvation." he cried, " you shall never enter my house I What is it you want! Don't be a foot! If you force your self back into notice, you -will only bring down shame and disgrace on your head well-deBerved disgrace,, you bold, bad woman I You-?" He stntteted ana hesitated. Mildred looked at hem unmoy«d, wondering she could have ever feared him or sought to waken better feeling in hinL " We ate -wasting time," he resumed, pull ing himself together with an effort " Tell. me what you want. 1 doa't wish to see a creature that has borne my name dragged | through the mire of the police reports. If a better for yourself to be dead and forgotten. You are out of eight-keep there, it you'll be quiet, and not interfere with me^ I-I don't mind-giving you a monthly allowance" -he grew greenly yellow as he Bpoke, feeling the risk be ran in making this proposal "that shall oeace directly.you show your self." " How could yon bind me?" said Mildred, with cold composure-composure that im-1 pressed Welby with a.tense of hidden power. " 1 have nothing to lose." " I-will set detectives on your track," he I burst out again, losing his head. " There is some crime, some sinful secret in your life, for all these months. I'll find it out; I'll crush you." " You can do what you think best for your own character and reputation." Welby could hardly believe that this calm, stern woman was the weak, emotional crea ture he bad trampled on and caressed al ternately. _ He detested and feared her. Time was slipping away, Rigg might return, fie would not for a large sum that lligg got hold of such a story. " Gome now," he resumed, " let us be reasonable. Tell me straight out what you want; I am prepared fora compromise." Mildred drew a step nearer his writing table, and said, in a low voice: .' Give up Miss Burton, return her father [ the bill you bold, and I will disappear out of the world, as far as you ace concerned. I can earn my bread without your help." "If yon don't want me yourself, why do you want to deprive me of a wife-a wife who will atone to me for the injuries and misery you have can Bed?" " Because she loves another man, and is giving him np to purchase your forbearance. How is it that you do aotiear such a mar riage-that you ate not ashamed of taking so mean an advantage of a girl's loyalty to her father?" "Mean! It Is the best thing for her! When she has a zeal good husband, she will soon forgot a whipper-snapper like that in solent jackanapes Griffith. Come now, why i Me you so keen to mar any wishes- my plans ? Couldn't we arrange matters ?" He grinned a ghastly, -satyr-like grin. "Take care what you propose to me; it is war to the knife between ua. 1 shall grasp every advantage over you." "I can make no decision to-day," said Welby; "meet me to-morrow. We shall be interrupted; I expect Rigg?verj-moment and he glanced at the clock; " That does not concern me," returned Mildred, playing oat her trump card with immense pluck. "lam quite ready to explain who I am to Mr. Rig; or any one else. Hear my final proposition, and choose between it or I publicavowal of my identity. Write a letter to Miss Burton, stating that you Bee what it coata her to renounce Hie man she loves that you cannot insist on what may cause i her nnhapplness-that after a struggle you i have resolved to set her entirely bee, to { which end you enclose the bill on Mr. Smiley, which you have hitherto held, and bid her farewelL" "How date yon suggest such robbery? It's downright robbery! Leave my sight leave my room T " I will not, until yoa do what I ask." "How do you know all this! Where have you got your infernal cunning? Has Miss Burton sent you ?" " Miss Burton does not dream I am in existence. I know-it does not concern you how 1 know. Come-what will you do?" Welby hesitated. There was no trifling; wrth tills stern, composed woman. -He had, just surmounted the dangers of the petition j against his return for Middleboroqgh. A scandal audi as the return of his wife from the crave, in order to preserve Barton's j daughter from being victimised, would be j ruinous; and Mildred was evidently des perate-6he was ready to face anything andj everything: But to lose the pretty, graceful, girl of whom he had made so sure-and his, money-it was a bitter pill I ! "If I agree, viU yoa never molest me more? .How can I be sure you will keep your promise r 1 "I will promise,and you must trust me.' If you do not I will put my case in Mr. * Smileyfe h*nds before nightfalL My pro* tectress and employer is his client-Mrs,1 .Welby stared atherbewildered. "And my money-I to be plundered and cheated!" only iBaeived a trifle of discount!" I promise you ihe remainder ol' your1 money in a few days, but you must give me; the letter and theIjill now." The sound of an opening door made Welby' start. "Who is there? Xsitiwi. Bigg?" " Yes; do you want anything/' "Ho-rfltar where you are; I am portion larly engaged/* , Witha glance o| comoentrated fury he drew some paper toiim audbegan to write. Mildred deliberately walked round and read a safe, and took oat Burton's bill from a parcel of others, ^amp hack, an? placed « and the letter tux envelop^ which Us ad , '' lit me .see ttwbill,*aai4 Mildwd.taking Itlrom hUn, and readingIt carefully. J will take #ha%e of these, and .make sure they jjM^d^Uyered safely. .Y*>u, shall have the. her no^book, and count out, " " " * uQfl,iu>i£& i ' ^ few daysp re of i libar pr ape uuire of me, unless, jTinrrtnliii'*'^ ^ I* W"*' «nothl» SS^toleaWUm; * "Kot y«r «ald IVelby, ia « eager whisper, " jKhtt <naine>dft>f0B <bf I ?< nope yon haven't the andacity to nse mine P -r ,Jlave, 'to do bo ; I Mrs. Wood. " Where and how do rou live? I am de termined to find out," " I have no wish to conceal fti^thing," re Mildred, with the ease tinfl jeomjKiBure which impressed him so orach.' " I am acting as secretary to Mrs. Grifftth. tjf Pemfogwen; a -j «m ]'v'n8 with my mother's former maid, Mra. Leavett, until my brother returns from India." ««Xou.r brother 1 Is that scamp alive !" He is alive and prosperous."" She was about to leave the room by the door through which she had entered. . Stay I stay P'flaid W&bfi; in ah, eager whisper; " not that -way-not that way V He harried across the room to open the private door, of which he kept the key. He .looked BO limp, .so beaten, so utterly unhinged, that Mildred felt an instant's pity. " Remember, your reputation is saved," she said as she passed him. " Remember, if I can ever pay you back for this day's work, I will!" he returned. Mildred bowed, and the next moment she was in the open air, dizzy with the sense of relief, of success, of security. Never did London streets eeem BO long, so crowded. Surely her driver was inex perienced, or he would not so often get into blocks I But at last she was at her journey's end. The door safely dosed upon her, she ran quickly upstairs, and in tne drawing- room found Leigh and Mrs. Leavett in eager con versation. " Oh, thank God, I am safe here at last!" cried Mildrccl, hastily putting off her bonnet and. heavy veil, and throwing herself into a chair. " I am dizzy with my own Buccess P " My lamb ! You look like a ghost 1 You are just worn out!" exclaimed Mrs. Leavett " How have you escaped ?" cried Leigh, starting to her side. For a moment she could not speak ; then, recovering herself, she recounted as shortly as possible the interview she had just had, and then placed Welby's letter in his hand. " You have done splendidly !" he ex claimed, as he glanced over it. " Your an ticipations have all proved correct" " God be praised j" said Mrs. Leavett " I feel safer than I did. I felt safe com parat'vely from the moment you told me Mr. Welby wished to marry again ; and the first gleam of dread and dislike I saw in his eyes was as welcome as the glance of affection from another." " Do not feel yourself too safe," said Leigh. "Should Welby's disappointment and baffled schemes irritate him beyond the restraining dread of public disapprobation, he will try to revenge nimself on you. Does he know j where you are living, or what you are doing ?" " Yes; I told him both, and that I expected Arthur's return, at which he seemed stunned. I Bhould never dream of concealing my abode from him. He will not seek to find me, you may be sure." " No ; it would be folly to hide anything now," said Leigh. " Your plan is to assume an attitude of tranquil security. I am dis posed to think that, this storm over, Welby will be little inclined to rake up an old story." " I think so too. Bat do not Btay to discuss anything now. Do go away and tell poor Mr. Griffith, and have this letter given to Miss Burton. I feel so much for her. Oh. think of her state of mind with such a fearful prospect before heri I wonder she is alive. Do go. Don't forget some of you must pay that other hundred ponnds." " We shall take care of that," cried Leigh. " And now I shall be off to Frank, and rejoice his heart But I must see you again this even ing. There are a dozen matters to be talked over. May 1 not come this evening, Mrs. Wood?" " Oh yes, yes! I, too, feel I most see you again, so come for this once. After 1 It is impossible to say what will happen after," cried Mildred. " I'll look ont for you about eight-thirty, and let yon in myself, sir," said Mrs. Leavett " Then you must lie down and rest; Mrs. Wood. Yon need rest and quiet sorely." So saying, Leigh departed. The necessity for self-control removed, Mildred yielded to the impulse which prompted her to throw her arms around Mrs. Leavett's neck, and relieved her overstrained heart by a bnrst of hysteric tears. " Oh, Koo P she exclaimed brokenly when her sobs ceased, " the sight of him, the sound of his voice brought back all the horror of my life with him-the desperate struggle to do my duty, the black despair; and now 1 do indeed feel free. He does not want me. He only wants to keep me buried out of sight We shall never meet again-oh, I hope notI I may live on peacefully with you, dear Kooie J" " It is a poor life for you, my lamb, and a sorrowful lot; but the one 1 am sorry for ay, from my heart-is Mr. Leigh." *' Why?" asked Mildred, drawing back her head to look in Mrs. Leavett's face, while her own cheek grew crimson. " Because he loves the ground you walk upon, and there is no hope or help for him." 