THE MASTER OF THE CERE MONIES. BY G. MANYILLE FENN, Author of " The Roseey Folk," " The Pah- son- o' Dcmfoed," " Hard to Win-," "Eli's Children'," < The Vicar's Ftenaa," " Dtrrcn the Diver," &e.; Chatter XI. — The Opening of a Vein. " Well, young Denville," said DickMiggles, the great swarthy fisherman, whoso black hair, dark eyes and aquiline foaturcs told that his name was a corruption of Miguel, and that he was a descendant of one of tho unfortunates who had been , wrecked and imprisoned when tne opanisa Armada came to griet, ana naa finally resolved to "remain on Englishman." Dick Miggles rarely did anything in the day time but dozo and smoke. Of course, ho ate and drank, and, as on the present occasion, nursed the little girl that Mrs. Miggles, who was as round aud snub, and English of aspect, as her lord was Spanish, had placed in his arms. At night matters were different, and people did say — but never mind. Well, young Denville," said Fisherman Dick, as he sat on tho bench outside his white washed cottage with the whelk-shell path, bordered witli marigold beds, one of which flowers he picked from time to time, to give tho child. "Well, Dick, where are my dabs?" "Haw-haw," said the fisherman, laughing. " I say, raissius, where's them dabs ?" Mrs. Miggles was washing up the dinner things, and she camo out with a dish on which wero a number of fried heads and tails, with a variety of spinal and other bones. "What a shame!" cried Morton, with a look of disgust. " I do call that shabby, Dick." "How was I to know that you wonld come after 'em, Jad ? I'd ha' brotc e'm, but I don't like to come to your house now." -I say, Dick, don't he a fool, "cried the lad. "What's the good of raking up that horrid affair, now it's all dead and buried." " Nay," said Dick, shaking his head, " That ain't all dead and bnried, like the old woman, my lad. Thcre's more troublo to eomoout o'that business yet." " Oh, stuff and nonsense !" " Nay, it isn't, my lad. Anyhow I don't liko coming to your place now, and there's other reasons as well, ain't there, missus !" " Now, I do call that shabby. Dick. Just, because there's a bill owing for tisb. l'vo told you I'll pay it some day if papa docs not ; I mean when I have some money." " Ay, 60 you did, lad, and so -you will, I know ; but I didu't mean that, did I, missus ?" " No," came from within. " What did you meau, then ?" "Nevermind. You wait and see. I say, the old gentleman looks as if he'd got over the trouble. Master Morton. He was quite spry to day." " No, he hasn't," said Morton. "It's quite horrible at home. He's quito ill, aud uever hardly speaks, and my sister frets all day long." " Do she though ! Poor gal! Ah. she wants it found out, my lad. It whorrits her, because you see it's just as if them jools of tho old lady's hung like to your folk, and you'd got to account for "em."- "Get out! Why, what nonsense. Dick." "What, dropped it agen. , my pretty ?" said the great fisherman, stooping to pick up a flower, and place it in tho little, fat hand .that was playing with his big rough finger. "Ah well, perhaps it be, but never mind. I say, though, the old gontleinnn looked. quite hissolf agon. My ! he do go daudy-jacking along the cliff, moro'n the best of 'cm. He do make me laugh, he do. Why, hello, Master Morton, lnd, what's matter ?" "If you dare to laugh at my father. Dick," cried the boy, whose face was flushed and eyes flashing, " big as you are I'll punch your head." " Naiv, naw, naw, don't do that, my lad," said the fishorman, growing solemn directly. " I were not laughing at him. I were laugh ing at his clothes." 'And if my father dresses like the Prince and the Duke and all the fashionable gentle men, what is there to laugh at then ? Suppose I were to laugh at you for living in that great pair of trousers that como right up under your arms?" " Well, you might, lad aud welcome ; they're very comf'table. P'raps you'd liko to laugh at my boots. Haw, haw, haw, Master Morton, what d'ycr think I did yes'day ? I took little flower here, after missus had washed her, and put her right into one o' myb oots, and she stood up in it with her head and arms out, laughing aud crowing a good 'uu. Aint she a little beauty ? " " Yes," said Morton, looking down and play ing with tho child. "Whose is she ?" Dunno. Ask the missus." " And she won't tell me, Dick." ' That's so. But, look here, lad. I'm sorry I laughed at Master Denville, for he's a nice gentleman, and always has a kind word and a sinilo if he docs'nt pay his bill." "Dick !" " All right, ray lad, all right. You'll pay that when you're rich I say. Chaps sez us you'll marry Lady Drclincourt now, after saving her dog." " Don't be a fool, Dick. Here, what were you going to say ?" said the lad, reddening. " You won't want a hit of fishing then, I sup pose ?" " Look here ; are you going to speak, Dick, or am I to go?" "All right, my lad. Look here; we eat your dabs, but uever mind them. I shali jnst quietly leave a basket at your door to-night. You needn't know anything about it, and you needn't be too proud to take it, for a ' drop in the house is worth a deal sometimes, case o' sickness. It's real French spirit, and a drop would warm the old gentlemaa sometimes when he's cold." " Smuggling again, Dick ?" " Never you mind about that, Master Mor ton, and don't call things by ugly names. But that ain't all I've go to say. You lost your dabs, but if you'll slip out to-night and come down the pier, the tide'll bo just right, and I'll have the bait and lines ready, and IU give you as good a bit of fishing as you'd wish to have." " Will you, Dick?" ' Ay that I will. They were on last night, but they'll be wonderful to-night, and I shouldn't wonder if we ketches more than we expex." " Oh, hut I couldn't go, Diek," " Why not, lad ?" " You see I should have to slip out in the old way— through the drawingroom, and down the balcony pillar." " Same as you and Master Fred used, eh ?" " Don't talk about him," said the lad. " Well, he's your own brother." " Yes, but father won't have his name men tioned," 6aid tbo hoy, sadly. " He's to be dead to us. Here, what a fool I am, talking so to you." " Oh, I don't know, my lad, we was always friends since you was quite a little chap, and I used to give you rides in my boat." " So you always wero a friend, Dick, aud I like you." ' On'y you do get a bit prouder now you're growing such a strapping chap, Master Morton." " I shan't change to you, Dick." " Then come dowu to-night, say athalfarter 'levon." Morton shook his head. " Why, you aiu' afraid o' seeing the old woinau's ghost, are you?" " Absurd ! No. But it seems so horrible to come down that balcouy pillar to get out ou the sly." "Why, you never used to think so, my lad." . . " No, but I do now. you know, Dick," PuMfcliad- ty Special arrangement with the author. All rights teaerred. he said in n whisper, " 1 often think that the old lady, was killed by some ouo who had watched me go in and out that way." "Eh?" cried the fisherman, giving a po culiar stare. " Yes, I do," said tho lad, laying his hand on tho big fellow's shoulders. " I feel sure of it, for that murder must have been done by some one who knew how easy it was to get up there and open the window." " Did 'you ever see anyone watching of yon ?" said the fisherman in a hoarse whisper. " N— no, I'm not sure. I fancy I did seo some one watching one night." "Phew"" whistled the fisherman, "it's rather hot, my lad, sitting here m tho sun." " Perhaps some day 1 shall find out who did it, Dick." Hah — yes," said' the man. staring at him hard. " Then you -won't come ? " "Yes, I will," cried Morton: "It's so cowardly not to como. ' I shall he there ; " and, stopping to pick np the- (lower the child had again dropped, the-pretly little thing smiled in his face, and he bent down and kissed it before striding away. ' ' " Think 'o that, ' now," said Mrs. Higgles, coming to the door. " Think o' what?" growled her lord, break ing off an old sea ditty ho was siDging to tho child. Why, him taking to the- little one and kissing it. How strange things is !" Chatter XII. — Mrs. Burnett Makes a Call " Gad, but tho old boy's proud of that chariot." said Sir Matthew Bray, mystifying his sight by using an eye glass." " Yes," said Sir Harry Payne, who was lol ling against the railings that guarded pro menaders from a foil over tho cliff ; and he joined his friend in -gazing at an olegantly appointed britzka -which had- drawn- up at tho side, and at whose door the -Master of fha Ceremonies was talking to a very young and pretty woman. " Yes'; deuced pretty woman, May Burnett. What a shame, that little wretch, Frank, should get hold of her." " Egad, but it was a good tiling for her. I say, Harry, weren't you sweet upon her?" " I never tell talcs out of school. Matt 'Fore George, how confoundedly my head acha this morning." Just then the Master of the Crcmonies drew back, raising his hat with the greatest of po liteuoss to the lady, and waving his cone to the coachmnn, who' drove off, the old man going in the other direction muttering to himself, but proud and happy, while the carriage passed ths two bucks, who raised their hats and wero ro warded with the sweetest of smiles from a pait of very innocent, girlish looking -little lips, their owner, aptly named May, being a very blossom of girlish prettiuess and dimplca innocency. " Gad, she is pretty," said Sir Matthew Bray. " Come along, old lad. Let's seo if Drelincour or anyone else is on the pier. " " Aha ! does tho wind blow-that way. Matt? Why were you not there to save the dog ?" "Wind? what way?" said tho big, ovo. dressed dandy, raising his eyebrows. "Ha — ha — lia! come, come," cried St Harry, touching his friend iu tho side with th gold knob of his cane. " how innocent we are ;' and, taking Sir Matthew's arm, they strolle on towards the pier. " I didn't ask you who tho note was for tha we left at Mother Clodc's," said Sir Matthew, sulkily. " No ; neither did I ask you where you cam from — yon Goliath of foxes," laughed Si Harry. " But I say. 'Fore George, it was ot mourning paper, and wns scented 'with musk Ha — ha — ha !" Sir Matthew scowled and grumbled, hut tin next moment the incident was forgotten, ant both gentlemen were raising their ugly heavei hats to first one and then another of the bclla they passed. Meanwhile the britzka was driven on alonj the parade, and drew up at the house of th, Master of tho Ceremonies, where the footmaj descended from his scat beside the coachman and brought envious lodging-letters to the win dows on either side by his tremendous roll o tho knocker and peal at the bell. Isaac appeared directly. Yes, Miss Denville was in, so the steps wc, rattled down, and Mrs. Frank Burnett da sceuded lightly, rustled up to the front door aud entered witli all the hauteur of one accus tomed to a large income and carriage calling. " Ah, Claire, darling !" she cried, as sh wns shown into the drawing-room : " hot glad I shall lie to sec you doing this sort o thing. Really, you know, it is time." " Ah, May, dear," said Clairo kissing ha sister affectionately, but witli a grave paino look iu her eyes, " 1 am so glad to see you. was wishing you would come. Pupa will he s disappointed ; he has gouc up the town to so the tailor about Morton." "What, docs that boy want new cloths again? Papa did not not say so." " Havo you sceu him, then ?" "Yes. How well he looks. But why dil yon want to see me '?" For answer Claire took her sister's hand, lei her to the chintz-covered sofa,, and seated her self beside her, with her arm round May' waist. " Oh, do bo careful, Claire," said Mrs. Bur nett, pettishly ; " this is my lute-string. And my dear, how wretchedly you do dress, in i morning." . " It is good enough for Home, dear, and wi are obliged to be so careful, May, dear, ! hardly like to ask you, hilt could you spare n| a guinea or two ?" " Spare you. a guinea or two? Why, bles the child ! what can you want with a guinea o two?" "I want it for Morton. There are severe things he needs so niuch, and I want besides t be able to let him havo a little pocket mono, when ho asks." " Oh, really, I cannot, Claire. It is quit out of the question. Frank keeps me so dread fully short. You would never believe whs trouble I havo to get a few guineas from bin when I am going out, and there is so mucl play now that one is compelled to hav a little to lose. But 1 must bo off. I hav. somo shopping to do, and a call or two t make besides ; then there is a book to get a Miss Clodo's. I won't ask you to come for-' drive this morning." " No. dear, don't. But stay a few minutes I have something to say to you. " " Now, whatever can you have to say, Clair, dear? Nothing about that — that — oh, don pray. I could not bear it. All the resolutio. I had was needed to come here at all, and, as ' told you iu liiv ietter, it was impossible for m to eomc before, Frank would not let me." "1 want to talk to you very ver seriously." " About that dreadful affair ?" " No," said Claire, with a curiously solomt look coming over her face, and her voice assum ing a dcep.trugic tone. "Thou it is about — oh, Claire!" she cria passionatoly, as she glanced up at a florid! painted portrait of herself on the wall ; " I d wish you would take that picture down." ' Why should you mind that ? You knot papa likes it." " Beeausc it reminds mo so of the past." " When you were so weak and frivolous witi that poor fellow, Louis." Now I did not come here to he scolded," cried the child-like little tiling, passionately " I don't care. 1 did love poor Louis, and hcV no business to go away and die." llush, hush. May, my darling," said Claire with a pained face. " i did not scold you." "You did," sobbed tbo other; "you sail something about Louis, aud that you had some thing to talk to me about. What is it?" sb cried with a look of childish fright in her eyes "What is it?" she repe..Twl, aud she clang, t her 6ister excitedly. "Hush, -hush, May. I was not going fc scold, only to talk to you." : " It will keep, I'm sure," cried Mav, witj the scared look intensifying. " No. dsusst, it will not keep,, for it j something very serious — so serious that I would not have our father know it for the world." " Lacb-a-day, Claire," cried Mrs. Burnett, with assumed mirth, forming pleasant dimples .in her sweet childish face, "What is the matter?" " I wanted to say a few words of warning to yon. May, dear. You know how ready people are to gossip here." "Good lack, yes, indeed they are. But what " she faltered, "what ?" . And several times lately people havo been busy with your natne." f.' iWith my name 1". cried Mrs. Burnett, with a forced laugh and a sigh of relief. ""Yds. dear, aboutlittle bits of freedom, and _ and — 1 don't like to call it coquetry. I want yoaTdearcst,-to.promise me -that you wiU'be a little more staid. Dear May, it pains mo more than I can say." "Frump! frump.! frump! Why you silly,- weak, quakerish, old frump, Claire! Wfypt jonsonse to be suro ! A woman in my piSsi: . .ion, asked , out as I am to rout, and kettle- lrum, and ball, night after night, cannot sit Uumchance against the wall, and mumble scandal with the old maids. N"o\v, I wonder who has been putting all this in yonr head?" "I will not repeat names, dear: but it is some.one whom I can trust." " Then she is a scandalous old harridan, who ever she is," cried Mrs. Burnett with great warmth. " And what do you know about such matters?" " I know it pains me to hear that my dear sister's name is mentioned freely at the officers' mess, and made a common toast." " Oh, indeed, madam ; and pray what about yours? Who is talked of at every gathering, and married to everyone in turn ?" "I know nothing of those things," said Claire coldly. "Ah, well, all right; but, I say, when's it to be, Claire ? Don't fribble away this season. I hear of two good opportunities for you ; and oh, I say, Claire, they do tell me that a certain gentleman said — a certain very high personage —that you were " " Shame, sister," cried Claire, etarting up as . if she had been stuug. " How can you — how dare you, speak to me like that 1" ."Hoity-toity! What's the matter, child?" "Child!" cried Claire, indignantly, "do , you forget that you have always been as a , child to me — my chief care ever 6iuco our mother died. Oh, May, May, darling, this . is not like you. Pray, pray, be more guarded in what you say. .There, dearest, I am not angry, but this light and frivolous manner distresses me. You are . Frank Burnett's honored wife — girl yet, I know, but your marriago ilfts you at once to a position amongst women, and these light flippant ways Git so ill upon one like you." " Oh, pooh ! stuff, you silly particular old frump," cried May, sharply. Do you suppose that a married woman is going to he like a weak prudish girl ? There, there, there,- I did not .come to quarrel, and I won't be scolded. I say, they tell me that handsome Major Bockley is likely to throw himself av.-ay on Cora Dean." . " Oh, May, May, my darling !" " You are a goose not to catch him in your own net." " Major Bockley ?" " Ye: ; he is rich and handsome. I wish I'd had him instead of Frank." " May — dear May 1" " Oh, I know ; it's ouly talk. But I say dear, have you heard about old Drelincourt 1 So shocking 1 In mourning too. They say she is mad to marry someone. There, goodbye. Don't crush my bouuet. Oh, of course ; yes, I'm going to be as prudish as you, and so careful. Well, what is it. 1" " Nay, you cannot deceive me ; you have something on your mind." '"I? Nonsense ! Absurd!" " You were going to tell me something. To ask mo to help you, I'm sure." "Well — perhaps — yes," said the.little thing, with scarlet face. "But you frightened me out of it. 1 daren't now. Next time. Good- bye— goodbye — goodbye. " Sho rattled these last words out hastily, kissed her sister, and hurried, in a strangely excited manner, out of the room. Claire watched the carriage go, and then sank back1 out of sight in a chair, to clasp her hands upon her knees, and gaze before her with a strangely old look upon her beautifnl face. For. there was trouble, not help, to he ob tained from 'the wilful, girlish wife, who had so lately left her side. CHAPTER XIII. — A Nigiit Bird Trapped. It was, as Morton Dcnville said, cold and cheerless at his home, and the proceedings that night endorsed his words, as at half-past ten, after the servants had been dismissed, his father rose to sock his sleepless couch. Clairo rose at the samo -moment, starting from a silent musing fit, while Morton throw- down the book he had been reading in a very ill-used way. - " Good night, my son," said Denvillo, hold ing out his hand and grasping the lad's with unusual fervor. " Good night, father." " And yoa'll mind and be pdrticular npw, my boy. 1 am sure that at last I can advance your prospects." " Oh, yes, father, 111 be particular." "Don't let people see you fishing there again:?' -. " No, father, I'll take eare. Good night. Coming, Claire?" : Claire -had put aw;ay her needlework, and Was standing cold and silent -by the table. "Good night, Claire, my child," said Den- riile, with' a piteous look, and appeal in his tone. - - . " Good night, papa." ' " She did not move as the old man took a eoapl.i ui steps rorward and kissed hi.r brow, laying his hands afterwards upon her head and mari/wing a blessing. Then, in spite of her efforts, a chill seemed to run through her, and she trembled while he, noting it, turned away with a look of agony iu his eoucten mce that he sought to conceal, and sank down in the nearest chair. He seemed to be a totally different man, and those who had seen him upou the cliff and pier would not have recognised in him the fashion able fribble, whose task it was to direct the flight of the butterflies of the assembly room, and preside at every public dance. « Arenlt you going to bed, father ?" said Morton, %ying to "speak carelessjy. . "Yes. yes," my son, yes. "I only wish to think out my plans a little — your commission, and other matters. "1 hope he won't be long," muttered Mor ton, as he left the room. ' " Why, Claire, how- white and cold you are. There, hang me. if it isn't enough to make a fellow- sell himself to that old lady Drelincourt for the sake of getting money to take care of you. If I'd got plenty, you should go shroad for a change." Claire kissed him affectionately. "Hang me if I don't begin to hate May. She doesn't seem like a sister to us. Been here to-day, hasn't she? .1 beard they'd come back." " Yes," said Clairo, with a sigh. " It was cowardly of them to go off like that, when you were in such trouble; You did not have a. single woman come and say a kind word when that was in your house." " Don't speak of it, dear," said ClaLe. "Mrs. Barclay conic, though." "Bum old girl! I always feel ready to laugh at her." " Fhe has a heart of gold." " Old Barclay has a box of gold, and nice and tightly ho keeps it locked up. I soy, he'll sell us up some day." " Morton, dear, I can't bear to talk to you to-night ; and don't speak like that of May. She has her husband to obey." " Bless him !" cried Morton. ' Well, good night, Sis." . Be kissed her Affectionately, and faint smile came into Claire's wan face, as it seemed to comtort her in her weary sorrow. Then they parted, and she wont to her room, opened the window, a::! sat with her face among the flowers, watching the sea and thinking of some one. whom she had in secret seen pass by there at night. That was a dream of the past, she told her self now, for it could never be. Love, for lier," was dead; no man should call her >ife with such a secret as she held in herbreasl. and as she thought on, her -misery seemed greater than she cqgld bear. Tho tide- was well np, and the stars glii tercel in the heaving bosom of the sea. as she sat and -gazed out; and then all at once he, heart seemed to stand still, and then began beating furiously, for a familiar st"r> came slowly along -the cobble-pavcd walk in frC-:t of the house, along by the railed edge of tho cliff, and then it stopped, and -sho- could see the tall, dark figure she kucw so well, gazing wistfully up at the house. Sho knew ho loved her ; she knew.thnt her hear t had gone out to him, though their ac quaintance was of the most distant kind. She knew, too, how- many obstacles poverty bad thrown in the way of both, but some day, sho had felt, all would be swept away. Now all that was past. Sho -must never look at him again. Sho shrank from the window, and sank upou her knees, weeping softly for the unattainable, as sho felt how ho must love her, and that his heart was with., her in sympathy with all her trouble. "Dead — dead — doad,"shomoancd; "my love is dead, and my life course broadly marked out, so that I cannot turn to the right- or left." She started and shuddered, for below- her there was the tread of a h-avy foot. Sho heard her father's clight cough, and his closing door, aud at the same moment, as if- it were' ho who separated them, the step outside could be heard returning, and Clairo arose and crept to tho window again to listen till it died away. " - ' "Dead — dead — my love is dead," she moaned again, and closing the window she strove to forget her agony of mind and the icadon %-eight that seemed to rest upon her, brow in sleep. Eleven had struck, nnd two quarters had chimed before Morton Dcnville dared to' stir. Ho had wailed with open door, listening im patiently for his father's retiring ; he had listened to the steps outside ; and then nt last, with all tho engerness of a boy, in spite of his near approach to manhood, nnd excited by tho anticipations of the fishing and the romance of the little adventure, he stole down with his shoes in his hands, after carefully closing tho catch of his well oiled door. The crucial part was the passing of the end of the passage leading to his father's room, and here he paused for a few moments, but ho' fan cied he could hear a long-drawn' breathing, and, after a hasty glance at the door of the back drawingroom, erst Lady Tcignd's chamber, be opened the drawingroom door, stepped in, and closed it. He breathed more freely now, but a curious chill rau through him, and he felt ready to re treat as he saw that the folding doors were not closed, and that the faint light from tho back window made several articles of furniture look grotesque nud strange. "Hero am- 1, just twenty,' and as cow. ardly as a girl," ho muttered. ." I won't, be afraid." . All -the same, though, his heart, heat vio lently, and he shrank from moving for some minutes. . . . . " And Dick waiting," ho muttered. «. Those words gave him the strength he sought, and, going on tip- toe across the room, half feeling ns if. a band were going to be laid upon his shoulder to keep him back, he drew aside the blind, opened .the French window, passed out, closed it after him, ami stood there in the balcony, gazing nt the heaving, stiir-spnn- gled Sea. " I can't lie a mnn vet," he said to himself, " If I were I shouldn't feel so nervous. It is very horrid, though,' the first time after that old woman was killed ; and by someone com ing up there. Ugh! its very creepy. I half fancied I- could hear the old girl snoring as sho used." : . Ho leaned over the balcony rails and looked to right and leit, but all scorned silent in the sleeping town, aud after listening, for a minute or two he seized fhe support of the balcony roof, stepped over the rails, lowered himself a little, and, clasping the pillar with his legs, slid easily down, rested for a moment on the railings with his feet between the spikes, nnd then, clasping the.pillar, dropped lightly down upon tho pnvc- 1 mcnt, to be seized by two strong bauds by arm and throat, a dark figure having stepped out of the doorway to hold him fast. 