1 INTERCOLONIAL. VICTORIA. The i Tramway Trust of Melbourne has accepted a joint tender for half a million at 4 per cent., loan of the Commercial and City of Melbourne Banks, the price being £101 15s, - ---- -At Ballarat on the 30th ult., William Bridges, promoter of the Bl Bridge's Art Union, was charged with conducting an' illegal lottery. It was pi owed that money was given to the prize winners instead of pictures when they so desired, and the Magistrate held that, in consequence of this, the union was not a 'bona fide one for the distribution of works of art, and fined the defendant five guineas and costs. It is probable that the prospect of establishing tea and conceit gardens on the German model, will be carried out at the Royal Park by the Zoological Society, the council having approved of a proposal to hold concerts in the gardens weekly during the summer. An adjourned inquest was held on the 3rd inst., on the woman Cathci ino Elcock, who was recently found dead in one of the back slums off Bourke-street Evidence pointed to death by violence. Some of her jewellery has since, been pawned, and the police are making further enquiries. ' - i - The Phoenix Foundry Company at Ballarat has decided to reduce its staff of workmen, and the services of about 35 men, principally turners and machinists, have been dispensed with Work is not slack at the foundry, but more time than usual has been allowed the company to complete its present contracts. The night shift at the foundry has also been stopped. On the 31st ult., at Ballarat, an old German woman named Van Got was found in a hovel in the bush outside Scarsdale in a terrible plight. She had lived there for years, and when the police made an inspection, the woman was found sitting, in an almost naked state, on a box. Her face, hands, and chest were covered with large running soreS, the odour from which was most offensive. Silo answered questions coherently, but refused medical aid. It is known that the woman, who has no i olatlvos in Australia, has a considerable sum of money in one of the Ballarat banks, and it is said that she has a quantity of treasure secreted somewhere near her hovel. A fatal accident occurred at Ararat on the 31st ult., while a party were out on a shooting excursion, by which a young man named George Cawsey, who had a young wife and one infant, was shot dead. There were three crossing the country in a uno, and Cawsey disappearing, the other two made a search, and found the unfortunate man lying dead, with a shot wound in the left side. His gun was standing on the other side of a bush fence with the muzzle pointing towards him, It must have gone off accidentally when he was crossing the fence. On the 1st inst., a lad named Albert Brierly, i residing at the head of Eaglehaw k, lost his life at Sandhurst by the giving away of one of the planks covering the shaft of an old abandoned mine, and was precipitated down a distance of 200ft. The lad had been playing around the shaft with a number of other boys. Admiral Tryon and the Premier had a conversation on the 4th inst. about the re-survey of Bass Straits, which has been urged by the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce. The Admiral asked the Premier to apply to the Chamber for more definite information concerning alleged dissatisfaction with the survey of 1877. The Melbourne now dredger for the Harbour Trust arrived on the 5th inst. It is stated she is the largest dredger ever constructed. A serious robbery of jewellery was por trated at the residence of Mr. H. G. Turner, at St. Kilda, Melbourne, early on the morning of the 5th inst. The robbers climbed the verandah posts, and ransacked the house. Mr. and Mrs. Turner had been at the Government House ball, and all the jewellery worn by Mrs. Turner was stolen, as well as other articles, to the value of £1,500. The Friday afternoon gatherings at Albert-park, Melbourne, after the fashion of Rotten row, London, and which proved so successful last year, were renewed on the 6th inst. On the 8th inst., a fire occurred in an on S mooring shop belonging to Messrs. David Munro and Co., and caused damage to the extent of £2,000 The Premier has received a cable message from the Premier of New Zealand that the Government steamer Stella had searched Auckland, Campbell, Antipodes, and Bounty Islands for traces of the missing ship North American, but without success. The Cricketers' Association, on the 10th Inst., decided to remove the disqualification from Victorian members of the last Australian Eleven, also to go no further with the proposal of sending a team home under the auspices of the associations of New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. This leaves the Melbourne Club at liberty to take the matter up. An extensive fire broke out at Forest Lodge on the 10th inst. in the premises of Messrs. W. J. Morris and Sons, wine and spirit merchants, which were completely destroyed. The loss is estimated at between £3,000 and £4,000. The insurances are, as yet, unknown. By a boating accident on the 8th inst., at Geelong, four persons were drowned. The evidence of the survivors show that two who were drowned were in a state of intoxication, having obtained liquor at certain hotels, against the licensees of which the police will take proceedings, The Federal Accepting Bill has been passed by the Assembly. Charles Whistler, the famous wrestler, who has been ill for some time, died at an early hour the morning of the 6th inst., at Her Majesty's Hotel. NEW SOUTH WALES, John Corry, a blacksmith at Plattsburg, had his arm torn off by the machinery bolt of a circular saw. He walked a quarter of a mile to a doctor, and underwent a successful amputation. The death is announced of the widow of the late Maurice Alexander, a lady well known for her munificent gifts to educational establishments. She founded the first £1,000 Bursary in the Sydney University. The daughters the extreme north, of the colony has been intense, but in some districts rain has at last fallen. . An influential meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce has been held in sympathy with the Northern Queensland separation movement. Dr. A. Hearn, vice- president of the Separation Council, read an elaborate paper, and the Sydney Executive Committee, has appointed Mr. Burns, of the firm of Burns and Philip, as president. The Mayor of Sydney has condemned many more of the Sydney rookeries. Sixty-five hundred cigars were seized on the 30th ult., on board the steamer Sued. A boy named Daniel Isaacs six years old, was run over by a tram motor in Belmore Park on Thursday, and nearly decapitated. Death was instantaneous. < i ? , W. A. Fullarton, the proprietor of the Sydney Packing Co., has been committed, for trial for arson in connoctlon.withaüro.on his promises at Newtown,- ' A large and influential mee ring of merchants, ships nora, and others interested in the American trade, was held in the Chamber of Commerce at noon on the 30th ult. The meeting was addressed by Captain Ghost, Captain Bloomfield, Messrs. H. Gillies mia wind, M'ikL.A,, and others, all of whom strongly advocated a direct line of steamers of and from San Francisco. It was pointed out that the expenditure of the present company was at least £80,000 per year, and that where one ton of cargo or one passenger was landed in New Zealand, 10 times that number came to Australia. It was also stated that it would be impossible to recover proposed transhipment at Honolulu, It was alleged that the prestige of Sydney as a shipping port was fast falling away. A deputation waited on the Postmaster General on the 30th ult. for the purpose of entering a protest against the new San I Francisco mail contract. The chief objection was the transhipment of goods at Honolulu, but the Postmaster- General out no hope of a direct service, and reminded the deputation that, however much the Government, might have the trade of the colony at heart, their primary object in this instance was to procure the carriage of the mails. - ' . terrible accident occurred on the night of the 31st July, on board the steamer Maude, while on the passage from Tapio to Wentworth. The engineer, Philcox, was oiling the machinery when his clothes were caught in the cog w licola. One arm was taken completely off, and the other above the wrist. Captain The sy lost no time in taking the sufferer to the Wentworth Hospital, where 'he lies in a very precarious condition The Sydney master bakers have fixed the price of bread at 3d. per 2lb. loaf. A boy named William Blackmore fell 60ft. on to the pavement from the spikes, Flag staff hill, on the 1st Inst, but miraculously escaped with a few bruises. e, » i Charles Hodge, aged about Cooran apparently highly-educated gentleman in reduced circumstances, was found almost naked under a tree at Qulutidi, with his throat cut. He were only one sock and one trousers log. He was taken to the Tamworth Hospital, but his recovery is doubtful. ' A cattle plague, supposed to be the Cumberland disease, is raging in parts of the Liverpool Plains, . ' Mr. Blackwood, the chief engineer of the steamer Tenterden, fell overboard at Newcastle on the evening of the 31st ult., when going on board the vessel, and was drowned. The captain of the steamer Dupleix reports the burning of the French vessel Ernestine in the South Seas, when three persons perished in the flames, including a woman. ' ' ' Cardinal Moran was received with much enthusiasm on his return to Sydney on the 4th inst, and was accorded a public reception in St Mary's Cathedral, which was densely crowded. j Fredk. Maddocks was on the 3rd inst. committed for trial at the Criminal Court on a charge of stealing the schooner Jessie at the Now Islands in 1872. ' ' ' *" ;' The Railway department have made a great , reduction in the freight rates for the carriage of minerals. . Lord Loftus, the retiring Governor, left 'Sydney on the 9th inst., on his return to England. Sir Alfred Stephen has been sworn in as Acting-Governor. The first Plenary Council of the Catholic Church of Australasia commences at St. Mary's Cathedral to-day, the 14th inst, and will be presided over by Cardinal Moran. ? This will be the first occasion on which the bishops of New Zealand and the provinces meet in the United Australasian Synod. 1 A public meeting was held on the 2nd inst, for the purpose of condemning the conduct of the drapery firm of Mark Foy, Oxford street, for the great number of hours his establishment was kept open, and his em-' ployees engaged. Resolutions condemnatory of the action of the firm were agreed to, and the matter has been brought under the notice of the Trades and Labour Council. > SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Government have promised to restrict Chinamen from working upon new goldfields discovered by Europeans in the Northern Territory for a term of two years. This was owing to the superabundance of Chinese in tho.ljorthern Territory, and the consequent impossibility, through various causes, of Europeans making a living. I i -Tim number of South Australian exhibitors in the Colonial and Indian Exhibition is 150, including several public departments, but exclusive of wool entries. J ,/ ! QUEENSLAND. The steamer Governor Blackall arrived at Townsville on the 4th from New Guinea, with D. Doyle Glanville and Assistant Secre- tary Ashworth as passengers. The latter is invalided by fever. Dr. Glanville reports that Sir Peter Scratchley has investigated the murder of Webb at Millport Island, and the native villages had been shelled by H.M.S. Diamond and Raven on the 20th October The British flag was hoisted at Aroma on 30th October, in presence of Sir Peter Scratchley, Captain Clayton, of the Diamond, Rev. Chalmers, and Sir Peter Scratchley's staff. Three thousand natives attended the ceremony. Dr. Glanville says that Mr. Forbes has established a good camp 50 miles inland, and that everything connected with the expedition is so far successful, and the prospects are most encouraging. , Sensational allegations have been made by some of the men of H.M.S. Harrier to the effect that the whole of the proceedings of the men-of-war in New Guinea have been a more farce. The natives, it is stated, receive two days' notice to clear out, and then shells are fired into the bush, and any canoes left on the beach are destroyed. The crew of H.M.S. Diamond have captured Havana, who is said to be one of the murderers of Captain Miller, at the Engineer Group.! He endeavoured to escape at Dinner Island, and of using the Diamond's sentries tried to swim ashore, but General Scratchley, who sleeps on deck, heard some one passing in the water near the Governor Blackall, and gave the alarm. A boat was lowered, and the presumed murder was recaptured after an exciting chase and the free use of the boat stretchers. i : Captain Child, of the steamer Hampshire, which has arrived at Townsville, reports that while in the Flores Sea, off the Maud of Sumbawa, he'plokeduplOtaofi'from a small craft, who said their vessel had been entirely wrecked by a whale. A Cooktown telegram states that the German gunboat, whilst at Caroline Island, hoisted the German flag on all the islands, and the captain made a treaty with the Queen, which gives to Germany protection of the whole territory. The natives are all in favour of Germany, as they do not like the Spaniards. It is reported by blackfellows that the whole of the party despatched by the Coo graphical Society from Sydney for explora-' tion of New Guinea have been murdered by natives on the Fly River. The rumour, however has not yet been substantiated, and it is believed to be unfounded. i NEW ZEALAND. A meeting of shipowners has been held, at which it was resolved to communicate with shipowners in all parts of New Zealand and Australia, with a view to combined resistance to the present demand of labour leagues, onion to the extent of laying up their vessels. The proposal has been favourably received in the other colonies, but it has been decided that it is desirable to take no definite action at present pending; a conference on the subject , At 6 o'clock on Sunday morning, the 1st inst, the steamer] Wairarapa, en route for Sydney, was discovered, when near Gisborne, on the east coast, to be on fire. There were about a hundred passengers on board, and when the cry of fire was raised the officers hurried the passengers from their cabins, and awakened all on board. As daylight had, not yet broken, all the passengers were in their bunks, and upon warning being given, they hurried on deck in their night-dresses. The fire was in the cabin, and it spread to the ladies' cabin, and travelling aft the whole width of the ship, worked through into the hold and upper deck. The ship was steamed towards Gisborne where the passengers, wrapped in blankets, were landed and con- voy on to the various hotels. Inspection made after the fire had been subdued showed that the whole of the middle of the vessel, for about one-fourth her length, had been completely gutted. The first-class sleeping accommodation is destroyed, and the dining- saloon much damaged by water, a large amount of the cargo on board also suffered severely, but the amount of damage i is yet unknown. Many of the passengers lost all their effects, and their losses exceed £2,000. It is estimated that the cost of refitting the vessel will be £5,000. The engines and machinery are uninsured. Admirable order and discipline was maintained on board. The Wairarapa arrived at Auck- land on the 4th inst., paid will be immediately repaired. The cargo has not been injured, as it was effectually protected by the bulk- heads. 