SPORTING NOTES. RACES TO COME. 1'SNOLA,-February 4 and fi, Nominations cloned. . - Acceptance January 16, Robb.-January 16 and 10.-Nominations dosed, Acceptances January 7. KINGSTON,-January 22-Nominations olosed. Weight# January 7, Aceoptances January 14, BORDER TOWN.-Februaiy 12, Nominations closed. Weights January 7. Acceptances Fobruary 2, MOUNT QAMHIEII.-Wednesday, Fobruary 18, 1885, Nominations Fobruary S. Weights Fobruary 0. Accopmnccs February 17, TJie weights for both the Border Town and Kingston Handicaps appear in our advertising columns, M*, W. Djxqfi'f) famqua flld tpottlng horse Pepper dropped dead on the Hast Park Lands a few days ago while having a trotting trial with another horse, Some fair sport was witnessed on the Old Adelaide Course on New Year's Day, notwith standing that some of the fields were small, The Hurdlcraco attracted three runners only, Lady Melissa beating Naming and Crispin very comfortably, Tliree wfts the main also in the Pony Race, whicii'fell an easy prey to Mr, A. Lewja'g ^frank,' The 'New Yeafs Gift fur nished an exciting finish between The Baron and Shylook, the former having his work cut out to get home half a length in front of the Jew, After an unexciting Trot had been deoided in favor of Young Stockholm, who was driven in a sulky, a quartette were saddled up for the Steeplechase, Mcsnlliauco and Narrung being struok out. Sir Ewen, by Angler, who mode no mistake, won cleverly; Tozer boat Crispin for'second place, Ten animals con tested th& Christmas Handicap,1 'First'Love winning comfortably by two lengths from Bel larnee, Sandal almost running a dead heat with her for third place, .. The sales of blood stock which were hold in Moibounio last week fell yeryflat, small prices being the1 rule'.1 Our ola mend jScobeloff fell to the nod of Mr. Virgde al'60 guinea's;' and Mr, M, Jacobs gave 205 feuineaa for Sedition, a well shaped 'fcwo-year-ola filly by Neckersgat from Irish Queep. Mr.'T. Coffee secured St. L'aw. renoe for 170 git'meaa, pud Brisbane (sister to Melboynroe) was taken by Ijlr, H, Phillips at 140, and Baron von Mueller was knooked down to Mr, A. McDonald at a similar figure. The match between Clifford and Beach has been arranged, It ia to be rowed on the date originally fixed, and the disputed forfeiture of deposit is to be eottlod by arbitration, Both men are in active training. Hanlan is said to bo undergoing a most careful preparation for his tortwojnjng rnsccjiej j jjo is already very The Musket - Slander 6olt has been backed to win the Melbourne Cup for about £3.000 at an average of about 100 to 5, and Thunderbolt has been supported to win a c.ouple ot thousand, while' 100 to 4 has been taken about Norden feldt, Welcome Jack, and Oudela, For the Dunedin Cup 1,000 to 40 has been taken about. Iike. St, Gatien's sire The Rover had his throat out by some ruffian on November 10,1885. Speaking of the matter the Sporting life says;-" On Wednesday night a barbarous outrage was committed Upon The Rover, undoubtedly the sire of the Derby dead beater G'osarewitch? winner St Gatien, This stallion was located "at Mr, Shine's stable, Listowel, County Kerry, and as the owner is in the Court of Bankruptcy, and the horse's future destination was in doubt, considerable excitement prevailed in the neighbourhood , especially as the horse had some time been in the hands of the Court's officers, in the night of Wednesday The Rover's throat was cut, and when found in his stable he was quite dead. The Rover, by Blair Athol out 0f Crinon, by Newminster, in his yearling days cost l,800 guineas at Cuuirri ? but ne never won a race, and sinking by degrees in the social scale passed into the possession of Mr, Knowles, the well known Epson" fly " proprietor, who in turn sold the horse after unsuccessfully advertising him for sale at £50 For a few pounds to Mr, Shine, But previous to his being banished to Ireland, The Rover's services had been called into request for two or three mares at Worchester Park Stud, owing to the illness of Rotherhill. hence his alliance with St Gathien's dam.It may be noted that The Rover was in conformity with the court to be sold at Sewell's Repository for the benefit of Mr.Shines creditors, and the last offer refused him a totally inadequate one-was 700 guineas, Detective Department has the matter in hand and two arrests are deemed imminent. j "i1^ ^ Ired Archer's movements (the rS*T J°0'cey has just lost his wife) the Sporting !T . Almost heartbroken under his recent great bereavement, F, Archer has de Er^iinei .nr-?i.'i?8.a $e winter and spring in h? fko JY- i1 ^Ia °^lecthe left Euston-square oy tne B.lo tram on Saturday night for Liver pool, en route to Queenatown, to take passage fmt w steamship Bothnia-of the Cunard line td?hi u7 < ' was accompanied by his ii u henchman Solomon, whose fidelity and attachment to_ his loved master have been long Known, Captain Bowling, a prized friend of 1, 61 J ,lfP?wn »n connection with the iungsclere establishment-he being, indeed T^»8l,»ownw oi ^radox-is also of the party and willaccompany Archer on his voyage, fiTl understood that after spending a certain S'n America, Aroher will visit Australia Si r©t«rnmf? to his native country We nthorn ^ *ens thousands of SM wi i "l «°d'»Peed, and that on his ]£,,,? j ^"B^nd again we shall once Km fef 6i o^e , Archer as we saw ? _ j?8® J1? the pride of his success on Thebaia r°F,jpe Liverpool Cup, A select party of JJm at the station on Saturday evening n ?00v'bye,' amongst them being his fefe,0, hcheVl A' 9°.°i)er' J> O'Neill; &c;, lo?nn ll *alri *r?m,our Irls'i correspondent we [w ® that F. Archer, Captain Bowling, and Solomon arrived at Dublin yesterday (Sundavl fntentirm th® South' and that it is t(L United SfaLt f P'Qty & tra-vel through the United States to San Iraneisco, and to visit .ct as w as Australia before returning, worw\?»0 °f ?aturemnkes whole SinrH fen u English payer struck the true j when it statod that it was a thoughtful and womanly act on the part of the Duchess of nwa1030 *?, 8°,mt°h her horses for all engage the day the funeral of Mrs, Fred Aroher, the wife of England's premier jockey ? vmini ffipa^°Vid J16']1 fiuch wounds, the young husband should feel comforted by the hr^fBSi!0n WI,G1 is felt for him in many a where the pathetic ciroumstances rSu8 Aeie?v.e,mePt aPPeal to the domestiocircle. T,.'f R® Adelaide Associationselector, Mr, W, O, Wnitridge, hss chosen Messrs, G, Giffen, W. Giffen, A, H. Jarvis, J. Noel, H, 0. Chittle *$?»&, T, A, Caterer J, Lyons, J, O. Run n' v Gooden>,J' indson, J, M'Kenzie, ; ernp to play for South Australia in the coming intercolonial match with Victoria, 0USi a1sf,m^ln£Q of racing men and others gathered atthebazaar, Sydney, to witness the disposal of Mr. A. F. Smart's racing stud, the luoHty °l the lots SI 1.', F biddl"K was not brisk, After Mr. Smarts lot were disposed of, Sir Modred was brought into the ring, but was passed in at 800 BWe»V &nd; Prodigal also went back to his nil!? i guineas, The following are the prices released .'-Beaumont, Mr, M'Carthv. 40 guineas} Nepioallina, v/, Forrester, 160 L - k) Forrester, 100 guineas j Dizzy,f 80guineas; Cairngorm, Kir. Garlinp. 150 guineas ; Privateer, W. Long, 400 guineas; Gannon, 700 guineas ; Coir, T, Brown. 205 guineas j Burruda (late Osrio), S, Knight, 400 guineas; Tyreel, Mr. Archer,"l20guineas. lhe intense heat of the weather on Saturday afternoon rendered the attendance at the Vic ffoft'T T7-06 $"!£ only moderate, Solo won the lwo-Year-Old Stakes, and was MW* M?' Rn'G. Talbot for £100, of whieh T?nr.? HireiC-eive £ Hazard won the Hurdle nfhpr'n?o? GflBftliei' filling tllO Onn .Pia0tl' MadoaP won the Victoria Club ffiP,' Agatha was second and Amelia Victoria TO Mistake won the Selling Eace, and Mr, A, Saqui paid the olub £220 to lceephis horse, Denmark won the Steeplechase; Echo was a good second and Chieftain third, ' The meotinK concluded with the Bookmakers' Purse, whicf Atn rtii A1Phabet was second and Agatha third, Boolka and Miles fell near the stand, and the former wa3 much injured, The liurt ' ^ much shaken, was not seriously At the Hevwood laees Mr, T, D, Hufhes' Magio won the Handicap, but the old fdlow went down before on outsider in the Hurdle. An endeavour is being made to form a third raoing olub in Warmambool, Two are already ^ a1106' ^ f^flrrnambool Racing Glut ^ rf i"!?teuu^urf 01ub' The other olubs a55 re^arded as being too exclusive, The sub. to the new olub has been fixed at a The following are tho entries for tho V.R.O utumn meeting, viz' lftnNnl ,i°meTtTCiU9,,Sil,ver Kin$l Coriolanus Kit Nubbles, Hobart, Despot, Sheet Anohor sS°P'n; Kni? °/ the Jipsies, Guesswork, |!nllra» Hilltop, Madcap, The Broker, Precious Stone, Coronet, Bonnie Dundee, Helene, Sir Newmarket Handicap-Legrand, Waverlev, Tfin8r?0Wf,eti r- A.noho?v Imlee> i'ewn Moor ai f i i. !jr P1),131?8' Hurricane, Saraband, ^ Pn^et. Ned J1 the Hills, Chloe, Leporello Coulstoun, Royal Irishman, Too^ tSandee, Archie, Sir Garnet, Pailleroo A^lpTm, ' TT i l°y' nPJapt.raP' honmwter, Anglesey, Umborto, The Andes, Hannibal Country toy, Manfred, Little Sister, Duenna Bahie£t Hobart, Mozart, Blink Bonny, Lucky ^ral|ia, Aiehillea, Westbury, Coningsby, Meteor, Middlemarch, Lantera, Bonn^n°^nfi 'J1 ^rniftn' C^'onet. Anchorite, ifonnio Scotland, Holene, Boolka, Mookra. I Yatelver,<^rn"10 ijS| Xa.n^l'!'P MaT> ^ouwe f'rocw> .I ngainm, St, John, Lord Wilton. Silver King, Clnickster, Bohemian, The Ghost, Nuncio, Napier, Salvo, Scarab mouohe, Carbuncle, Amelia, iviistake, Victoria. Warbler, Zero, Velocipede, Premature. Lspiegle, Viotor, His Wornhip, Tiie Jewel, Emihus, Rocket, Battallious, Surrey, Claudius First tour Tompas, Surprise, UvSZ Bis Bis, King's own, Warwick/ Archie Minerva. Prince Imperial, Welcome Jack' Buckingham, and Garfield,' M ' 