SALVATION- ARM Y. Yesterday was a red-letter day in the annals of the Launceston contingent of the Salvation Army, the notable feature being the laying of the foundation stone of their new barracks in Elizabeth-street. Our readers will remember tlmt the land on which the building is to be erected was re cently purchased for £550, and that tenders for the erection of the barracks were called for, and that of Mr. B. Collins, at £156 5s, wa szccepted. Preliminary work was im mediately commenced, and yesterday, at three o'clock, the foundation stone of the barracks was formally laid by the Mayor (Mr. Ily. Button), in the presence of fully two thousand persons, thie enclosure sur rounding the spot where the ceremony took place] not only being packed, but a large concourse of persons having assemsbled in the street in the vicinity. Fourteen flags had been strung across the site, and the "Blood and Fire" banner flow from its staff near the foundation stone. For some time previous to the appointed hour, the Army and a number of the goneral public had assembled, ans punctually at throe o'clock the band sounded thu opening notes of the hymn"Down attheCross,"after which " Cadet" Peacock and " Staff-Capt." Quick prayed; this was followed by the chorus, " Ido believe," and then "Marshal" Booth addressed those assembled, expressing the pleasurd it gave him to be present at the ceremonies of laying the foundation stone of the Launceston barracks, and added thatfhis father ("General" Booth) would also have been delighted to be wi.h them. lie then gave a cursory sketch of the progress of the Army since its inau guration seven years ago, saying that its organisation had not been conceived in any man's brain, but by the inspiration of Alsmighty God and the Holy Ghost. He was pleased to find that such progress had been made by the movement in Aus tralia. During the last nine months he had visited New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and Tasmania, and he now intended going to New Zealand, where; he had been informed, thousands of persons had been brought from darkness to light by the instrumentality of the Sal vation Army. lie wished everyone to understand the principles of the Army, for misunderstanding begets bias, and bias creates harsh treatment; they wished all their proceedings to be conducted in the full light of day. To show the progress made by the movement he quoted statistics showing that there were sixteen different liar Crys published in thirteen different languages, whilst the circulation in Great Britain alone was over half a million; they had there '100,000 soldiers, and 500,000 assembled every Sabbath night to hear the simple Word of God from the Army followers. They had 2400 officers and over 000 corps, and in many of the barracks from nineteen to twenty services were held weekly. In all, the Army, all over the world, had over 9,000,000 hearers. Coming to the colonies he found the circulation of the IYar Cry in Australia to be 74,000; this with an average of four readers each meant that 284,000 persons read the paper. They had also above 300 officers and 150 corps, whilst they had sitting accommodation for 125,000 persons. In Tasmania they were progressing. Last week he had opened the church recently purchased at Hobart for £1000, in the presence of a large crowd, the platform being occupied by many lead ing residents. A station had been opened at Latrobe, whilst at Longford and Deloraine the Army officers had succeeded iu bringing many to the feet of Jesus. He then called on the Mayor, Mr.H.Button, to lay the foundation stone. Mr. Button said he was present for a twofold motive. He wanted to hear from Mr. Booth's own lips the particulars of this great organisation, and the great work it had done during the time it had been in existence. There were numbers of men, women, and children in the town who never darkened the door of a church, and it was, he under stood, those people whom the Army desired to reach. Tllere seems to have been a missing link in this particular, and he thought the Salvation Army supplied that link. They saw the Army officers going into places that many of those present would not care to enter, and by so doing they had been the means of rescuing many souls. It was to assist the Army in this great work-which Christ Himself came to accomplish-that he was present on that occasion. Mr. Button then formally laid the foundation stone, and declared it duly laid to the honour of God, and he hoped that His blessing would rest upon the undertaking. " Marshal " Booth tlen formally laid the second corner stone, saying he did so, notin any human name, but to the honour of Almighty God. Collections in aid of the building fund were then taken up, when £50. less a few shillings, was handed in. ,In the afternoon a tea-meeting was held in the ,Oddfellows' Hall, three relays taking phace, Mr. J. T. Dale, confectioner, of Brisbane-street, cater ina, the room being well filled on each occasion. After the tables had been cleased, a monster demonstration took place, when the hall was again packed, several conversions taking place. About £20 was obtained at the meeting, which concluded with prayer at 10 o'clock. 