DANLYONS" DOOM. By WAIF WANDER. CHAPTER XVI.-(Con ure.) "Does any ones but you know of this place?" he asked, -suspciously;- as she held up the lamp for him to.see around him. " Only Ellen,',' " What is it for? What do you have such a'hiding-placoe for ?" "Don't you seeo?" she asked, "we die covered it by accident, and I have sometimes used it to bring fools into blindfold to frighten them with visions-have you forgot that I am a fortuneteller, and the witch of Mount Roban, Dan Lyons ?" "I have forgotten nothing," hoeaidsharply, "but there is light here, or those ferns would not grow-mind, woman, how you dare to deceive me." "I am not deceiving you," and she drew back a sereen of old bags as she said so, " there is the pan I burn my herbs and sulphur in, and the skull that frightens gold ouit of fools' pockets, and as for light you will see it up there among the slopes of the roof when the sun is not so low. And now I will show you that I mean nothing unfair-follow'me still." ' She hobbled up a steep incline that was in -a corner of the cave, and then turning a cor nor. suddenly there was a dense screen of living-verduire before Dan Lyons. - " "If you doubt me at any time, Dan,". she sald, "you have only to part them branohes, and you are free on the side of Mount Roban. '.-And nowI must get back for fear somo.one should got into the hut and look for me. I will bring you a bed and food and drink, and no policeman can ever set an eye on yon here." "Stay, NanI If I want you, how am I to call you?" - S"Knock at the trap.door; I shall hear you, if not the first time,. surely at the second." She put the lamp on a ledge of rook, and left the murderer there alone, with the sand under his feet and the ferns by his side, and he lay down to sleep again as criminals so often sleep, with the shadow of their terrible doom eurrognding them closely. CHAPTER XVII. THE aMUtDEnIEn 'S DIm., It had been a day of great excitement at larrange, and over the township the round moon shone on a generally-shared and great disappointment-Dan Lyons had not been arrested. Every man who had turned out to search for the lost child had tried to hunt up the murderer, but the sun had set and the moon risen vainly so far as the arrest of that fated man. At the cottage, out in the garden, some vwhere standing, and seated on the edge of the erandah, were several of the parties you have became interested in, I hope, during the relation of this story. Mr. Pollard was there, and Leonard Prosserwith him. Little Daniel was standing leaning against the wall of the house at a little distance, and in a spot from which he could watch his mother's move ments to and fro between kitchen and sick chamber. Tady was talking to the boy and looking in Daniel's face with a sad pity, and the boy had confided to the honest Irishman more of his thoughts and feelings on the late events than he would have told to- even his mother. To his mother, do I say? Dan would not have trusted her with one idea now; he had lost all confidence in her, and lost it for 'ever. It is a sad state of affairs between a mother and child when the latter gets old enough to reason and suspect the actions of the author of his boing, but it had come to that with Ellen Grifllths and her son Daniel, The boy was getting on for thirteen years old, and he had not reached that ago without having heard many sneere striking at Ellen, passing his disreputable old grandmother's lips. Now that he know his mother had actually visited that vile murderer and secured his escape, Daniel began to recall these eneers and hints, and to shrink within himself at what their meaning may have been. Dan did not tell Tady Connor anything of his suspicions against his mother, but he said enough to make the Irishman so sorry for the lad as to be anxious to sever him entirely from lMarranga. EvMnR now and then as they wore speaking the boy would look toward the door of the room where his dead companion lay. Con stable Loader stood there silent and grim looking, for his disappointment was .keen, and he had yet to impart his want of succoss to Oharlio Ellis, who he know would not give him good words for it. It wasn't his fault, certainly- he had done all a man could do; but in all probability the impossible would be expected from him. Loader had said a word or two of this to little Daniel, and the boy was determined that if he could trace Dan Lyons through his mother, he would toll Loader first of it, for Loader had been kind to him, and it seemed just to him, who had the trouble of search all day, that he should be in the success, if suo coss there was, and Dan was thinking of this oven while Tady was telling him how he and Mr. Leonard were going away as soon as the claim was worked out, and what a lovely land Ireland was. " Dan," said a woman's voice near the boy, and he started as he turned quickly to her, for he knew it was his mother. "Comehore, I want to speak toyou, my son." . hd Ellen Grilllth was eta nding in the shadow of the verandah as she spoke, and she had a' dark shawl folded around her. "Dan," shab said,"if any one asks you for me, tell them I've gone up to do a message for Mis F'anny." "To the farm, mother ? Why it's miles away." " I'm only going up to grandmother's, Dan, only I don't want any one to know I'm on Mount Roban. I don't think any one will missme; but if they do, say I'mgonoon a mes. sage. I won'tbe long, and Nurse Brown is with Mrs. St. Herrick.' She was gone, and the boy stood where she had left him. Gone to grandmother's I and then it flashed across the boy's memory like a gleam of lightning, that there were hiding. places on Mount Robson I Old Nan did not know that her cave was no mystery to little Daniel; but I should like to know what place to climb, or what rock or tree or cave could ever remain a mystery long tb Australian Bush boyhood. One day, two years ago, Daniel had tracked a wombat into that cave, and explored the cor ners where tha bones and the skoll and rub. bish were, and he had once frightened the hag herself half out of her senses with a deep groan, just as she was pretending to call up the devil with her pretended sorcery. Dan Lyons was hidden on Mount Roban I That was the idea that flashed upon him so vividly. He stood still for a minutoto think, and then he wont to the side of the glum. looking constable, and whispered to him -"Mr. Loader, don't tell any one just now; but I think I know where Dan Lyons is." "What I" almost yelled the constable in his surprise. " Hush I I'm not sure you know, but I want you to come and see. Caln you without tolling any one? " " What makes you think this, Daniel? You most tell me more'than that; I can't be going off on another wild goose chase.just when we are expecting Ellis back." " I am sorry you can't go, for I'm sure he's there I " the boy said decidedly. "I can't tell you how I know, but I do know, and I will ask Tady Connor to go with me." "Stop a minute, Dan," the policeman re turned,.as he laid his hand on the boy's arm, "let me ask you a question or two; If the villain is where you think could one man arrest him ? " "Dan Lyons is only one man and we, you and I, would be two,'J the boy contemptuously replied. "I am only twelve years old, but of I met Dan Lyons alone I am sure that God would help me to kill him." "Me boy," Tady said softly, "do you think the little girl that's lyin' oowd inside would like to hear you adyinq that you would make a murderer of yerself." "No, she wouldn't, and I didn't mean that, but I'd die myself to see Dan Lyons punished for killing her." "I will go with you, in the name of God, wherever you go, Daniel, and if these fingers of mine can help to twist a knot round the villain's throat they'll be strong, I know." It was Loader who spoke, and Tady Connor looked wonderingly at him. " Where does the boy want you to go?" Tady asked. " Io take Lyons; he thinks he knows where he is. Come on thoen, my boy, we will have a look at this cave of your's." "Daniell" cried Tady, in a hoarse, low voice, !' don't go I- don't go, as drag ging a man to the gallows is no work for a tender-hearted boy like you." "I'm not tender-hearted. I hate Dan Lyons. Didn't she " and he pointed toward the room where Besignation layso still, "aho used to call me her friend, and I would go up Mount Roban the'darkest winter night that ever fell to see the handcuffs on her mur derer's wrists. If you do not come I will go myself." " There is a fate in it," murmored the Irish man. "We ecan't let the child go himself; let us both go with him at all events." It might have been -nearly eleven o'clock when little Daniel, leading his companions by a circuitous way, so as to avoid any chance of meeting his mother, climbed up the wooded sides of MAouit Roban. The moon was on their backs as they climbed, and when they crossed a patch of grass on -which no trees grow, their shadows fell short and strangely distorted on the hill before them. "Do you see that rook a little to the left ?" the boy asked, as they paused on one of these grassy spots, over which hung the great branches of a yellow box, "the cave is just behind it, and if you look among the trees farther on you will see the light in granny's window.. Now you can wait here until I come back and tell you if he is there." "If he sees you, my poor boy, there mightn't be time for you to cry out," Tady said anxiously. "Let us all go together." " No, we would make too much noise. There is no fear for me, I wont let him see me until you are there," "The boy is right, let him go," was Loader's decision. "These young native. born chaps are like native cats in the bush there is no fear of him coming to harm." Daniel knew every rod of the way he had yet to go, moat of his young life having been spent abou Nan Grillth's hut, He had treed 'possums on hundreds of old trees up Mount Roban, knew the warm haunts of the snakes by the sunny rooks, and had friends with many a pretty lizard as. it crawled from warm, moessy nooks on the fallen logs. And not always alone-even as his heart beat wildly with his eager excitement and hope of being the one to bring Dan Lyons to his doom, the boy's eyes filled as he remembered Resignation as his dear lost companion in many an expedition in search of wild flowers on the skirts of old Mount Roban. Light of foot, the boy quickly reached a roock, from which he had but to stop and crawl through the bushes that aoreened the opening from the cave whlch Nan Grimlthe had pointed out to the hunted man. He paused there, and drew back, for he heard some sounds that were not of the leaves or the breeze, of the sleeping birds, or the gentle 'possum. There was a sharp rustle of branches that were parted by two fierce hands, and the boy was face to face with Dan Lyons, only a thin screen of leaves between them. In the pale moonlight the man's awful face gleamed with an unearthly whiteness, yet the shadows under the overhanging eye. brows seemed dark as an even starless mid. night. The thin lips were closed tightly, and there was something so terrible in the eyes that looked out and down the mountain to the valley beneath that little Daniel shud dered and shrank from it. Dan Lyons had no hat on. The marks of the tonsure were still visible on his head, but long thin looks straggled on his temples, and were blown across his sunken choeek by the damp night. breeze. He looked up to the stars and the moon, down to the township, anoross to the cemetery, and to Murder Gully, and he mut tered a course as his eyes rested on the last. "He has kept ho word so far, damn him I" he groaned out between his alenched teeth, "and note it is not the brat's face I see but his I " With these words he let the branahes rustle into their places and disappeared, leaving the boy to crawl back as he had come to tell his companions of his sucess. "I could almost have touched him," he said, with such triumph, "but it will be for eafer to got him in the cave, and I can shbow the' way I" " Toll us something about the inside of that cave," the cautious policeman said, and Daniel did his best to' describe the inclined path inside, and the sudden tardn' behind the sceenaol boushens ..... . .... ".What are our plans?" Loader asked, turning to Tady Connor. " Can I count on you, Connor?" "You can so," the little Irishman replied, " but don't let the lad in it at all." "I'll be in it, in spite of you," was Daniel's firm declaration; " you can't go without me, and I'll hold the wretch while Mr. Loader puts the irons on his wrists." "There's a fate in it I" Tady groaned, re peating himself, " so go on, and I will be at your heels." When themurderer re entered the eave, after Idoking through .the screen of bushes down on the fair sweet world beneath him,he dosed himself with poison again, and flung his gaunt form upon the rough bed Nan had sup. plied him with. The bed, such as it was, lay on the floor of the cave-if the wretched man stretched out a hand on either side of him it lay upon the cool sand; with either he could have gathered.tho pale green ferns that flung their delicate fronds almost to his pale face. But he did not feel the sand, or pluck the ferns-he slept and dreamed. The murderer's last dream I Oh, merciful heavens, that such a thing can bel That a being on whose soul lies the curse of him that sheddeth blood should dream of happy faces, and the innocent laughter of children I That he should feel the breath of the sweet sea on his faoe,eand the touch of loving lips on his cheek I That he should feel caressing wo man's arms around him, and the perfume of the roses.oh her bosom in his nostrils, and awake-oh pity of it-awake, to feel the felon's irons on his wrists I Dan Lyons dreamed that he was a boy again on the green mountains of his Irish home. He heard the'whisper of the waters of the river near which he was born, and the rustle of the sedges upon its banks. It seemed to him that he heard his mother call him by the name " Dan I " and that somehow or other the notes of a lark away up in the blue sky were mingled with and drowned his mother's voice. - Anon he was in a great ship on a wide sea, and he saw the white crests of the blue waves breaking and rolling down the waters like sheets of white fire under the silvery moon. There was music and dancing and kind words; there were girls' bright eyes and girls' sweet smiles. It seemed to themiserable man that he was sailing on a never-ending sea of happiness, and that there was no such thing as sorrow in the wide world around him. And then he tossed his arms in his leeop and grated his set teeth, as he mumbled awful, broken words. Great gnarled trees seemed to be stretching their crooked limbs all round him, leaving no hope for his escape. Trees without a single leaf on them, and so pallid and dead that they seemed like ser. pents, slowly and hopelessly entwining him. Hestruck at them with his hands and cursed them with his lips, and he awoke shrieking out to find faces bonding over him that were not the faces of his dream, and when he struggledto rise he found he could'no longer touch the sand, for there was steel on his wrists I Even then the poor boy Daniel flung him. self on the man, and held or tried to hold down his struggling limbs. "Tie him I tie him down or he will get away I Tin him I tie him I" Daniel's face was scarlet with a great passion; the fury of an awful exoitement burned in his eyes, and as Tady dragged him from the helpless man he shrieked all the louder, " Tie him down I tie the murderer down I" Tie the murderer. down I. That awful cry was heard by two women up above in Nan Grifliths' hut. One of the women was Daniel's mother, and as she reacgnisoed her son's voice, and know that Dan Lyons' was taken, she fell forward on her - face at her mother's feet. . "It was as neata job as ever I saw done I " Constable Loader exclaimed; "anid now Dan Lyons will you go quietly with us, or must we drag you down.the hill like a bundle of firewood i" "Let mo empty that bottle," was the hoarse reply, "and then you can take me tos hell if you like." CHAPTER XVIII. TIIERE ARE TWELVE OF US. The night waved slowly on, and Mr. Pol lard, Leonard and Dr. Syme hovered yet around the front of the cottage waiting for the long delayed arrival of Charlie Ellis. They had mised both Loader and Tady Connor, and did not know what to make of it, and the doctor had just been in to see the aiok woman, and was telling the friends about her state. " She lies in a most peouliar state," he ex plained, "and as.I cannot honestly say I understand the case, I have seat to Bowden's for Dr. Crowther. Half the time she sleeps and then only she seems conscious, dreaming doubtless of what she talks of, sometimes loudly and sometimes in a painful mutter. Her husband's death, her daughter's name with terms of endearment, instructions to Ellen Griffith about household afalirs, all proceed from her lips when asleep, but through all and above all is the name of Dan Lyons and her unforgiving hate of him." " And when she is awake ?" Hr. Pollard asked. "When she is awake she lies as one dead, save that her eyes wander round as in a rest less search for something, she knows not what 'poor thing." "Here is Ellis on foot," said Leonard," and he is coming quickly. Bless my heart, how tired and upset you look, Charlie." "I am both," the young trooper replied; " but I have no time to tell you much. until I see Loader; where is he?" " We don't know, he has been gone from this a couple of hours or more, and Tady Connor, it would seem, with him." "No clue yet of the man ?" " Dan Lyons? No; Loader and several of our fellows have been in every possible direo tion all day-the man has disappeared as suddenly as if he had gone down in the earth." "The shafts? Have they been searched?" \- " Over and over again. St. Herrick's was deserted when Loader went straight to it after coming back from Bondarrack. No, Dan Lyons is not captured yet." "Thank God I" ejaculated the young trooper, as he took oft his hat to wipe the dust and perspiration from his face. "That the murderer is not taken I We are all surprised to hear you say that," Mr. Pol. lard said, " and you musthave strong reasons indeed, for I know that one great object with you, since you were stationed at Marranga, was to find some trace of poor Colonel St. Herrick's murderer, and bring him, to justice." "At this time yesterday, no greater prize in my profession, if I may call it so, could have been offered me than the capture of Dan Lyons--now I pray to Gsd that he may not fall into my hands I" " Good Heavens, Ellis, explain yourself I" " I will. I was returning to-day from Yaw. benack, where I had been to see Father OFar rel about Conn. Brady's statement, and had almost reached Marranga, when I was over. taken by the priest himself, who had ridden after me in consequencef f some information he had gained that was cf the greatest conee quence to me. I need not tell you word for word what he said, the whole of the matter being comprised in the fact that Ike Lyman's American party have sworn to lynch Dan Lyons, even if they had to drag him out of Iarranga look-up to do itl" Pausing a moment to permit of a host of smothered exclamations hem his listederm, Charlie went on again. " You know sauch a thing would be ruin to me, and it would leave less blame on my shoulders if Ike Lyman had to take Dan Lyons himself before he falls into our hands at all, for take him he will, living or dead. Ike was never known to'go back on his word for good or evil. I did all I could. I turned back and rode to Bowden's for the man who is stationed there." "And brought him with you" . "Yes, he is at my station now; but what would our three he against Ike' Lyman and his Ameriean'e?" " You know that many of us would stand by you ChObarlie," Leonard said, as he laid his hand aflectionately on the young trooper's shoulder. "You would be willing to do so I know my dear fellow, but all of us would be as feathers in the way of these twelve determined men. I saw them once on the war path, and I don't want to see them again, though they only burned down a shanty at Ryder's-a shanty' that deserved it too, for it had become the haunt of all sorts of immorality and rowdy. ism." "This looks very like our lost party co.m ing down the road," observed Mr Pollard, "and they're running-something is wrong Charlis." There was no time to say more ere Loader, Tady, and little Daniel were upon them. The constable was pale with excitement, and so tired with his exertions that he could hardly gain breath to speak to Charlie. It was the boy who cried in triumph. "Dan Lyons is arrested." " Speak it out Loader," OharllElHlis urged, "though I guess what it is." "We took Dan Lyons upon Mount Roban, and I had no sooner lodged him in the look up, 'bat Ike Lyman's vigilance party sur rounded the station." "Didn't I tell you ? " Ellis asked of Leonard with the calmness of despair. " Go on Loader." " Smith from Bowden's was there--heo told me -why you had gone for him, and Ike Lyman sent me for you, Ellis. He wants to talk to you for a minute he says." " They have taken possession of the station ? " questioned Mr Pollard. "Yes, and are armed 'up to the teeth. A finer looking body of chaps you never set eyes on, and they'll lynch Dan Lyons as sore as I see that moon." "We must do our.best to save him" young Ellis said, "who is with me in this ? " " All of us, of course. I am a magistrate I have a right to reason with these men against wrongdoing." "Do you call lynching Dan Lyons wrong. doing " cried young Daniel. 'A murderer, a murderc ' like him I " "Daniel, my boy, don't let your young voice be heard in sucoh a serious matter as this," MrPollard said to the lad. "It is time for you to be in bed." '" If I had been in bed Dan Lyone would not have been in the looku.op," the boy sulkily returned. "It was me that showed Loader where he was hiding, and I hoped to take him 1" Daniel answered with pride. "Is that a fact ?" Constable Loader was asked. " An undoubted one, sir-we should never have dreamed of searching for the man where the boy guided us." Mr. Pollard looked sadly at the. puzzled lad, but the importance and necessity of im mediate action about Ike Lynman's bold step put poor Daniel's affair in the back.ground- only Tady murmured for the third time that day. "Theri's a fate'in it. God help the boy, there's a fate in it'" "I,'at least, have no choice," Charlie said, as he turned toward the police station. 'l It is my duty to 'try and save.this villain from any punishment that is not meted out to him by the law of which I am a sworn servant, and I will do it if it is at the risk of my life." " They will sorely not proceed to extremi ties in the face of a Justice of the Peace," Mr. Pollard said. " Go on, Ellis, we are with yOun.' They went on in silence, a band of six mon, with the boy creeping after them, unnoticed for the moment save by Tady, who dropped back to Daniel's side and vainly whispered an advice to return. "They can't prevent me," Daniel said dog. gedly, " and I'll see Dan Lyons hung in spite of them. Mr. Pollard thinks it dreadful that a boy like me should be glad to see a man die. Does he forget that Dan Lyon killed Besignation'sfather and then Resignation her. self? I should like to see him torn in pieces by wild horses." "My poor boy, my poor eboy," thosympa. thetic Irishman whispered, and with his arm over Daniel's shoulder Tadyl followed the little band before them. When they reacheditho station the moon, now high on the left hand of the road, shone down on a peculiar scene, considering the time of night and the place. Twelve horses were tied to the fence and either side of the police gate, six at one aide and six at another. Lithe men, tall and dark looking, and with a thin crape stretched across their faces, stood grimly awaiting theearrival of the policemen, while distinctly thrown out in dark relief against the white walls of the lock.up were four other men on guard, and dressed as were the others, simply in dark belted pants, grey shirts, and dark felt hats. As Charlie Ellis advanced in front of this party his quick eyes glanced from Ike Ly mans uncovered face to the revolversin every belt around him. " You have done a very neat job, Ike Ly. man," Charlie said, " taken possession of the police camp and a prisoner of the Crown, to say nothing of turning a policeman out of the camp in the middle of the night.'! "We have not turned the poor fellow out," Ike replied with a grim smile, " we only sent for yon, for, on the contrary, we are very anxuos to have all the constables in the sta. tion to-night." "Where is Smith,from Bowden's ?" Charlie asked. "The pollaembn you went for, Ellis? Oh, he is on guard over the prisoner in the look. pA low laugh rippled from one man to: the other of the grim band. "My friends, this is no .laughing matter," reproved Mr. Pollard, as he stepped toward Ike Lyman: " you are committing a grave breach of the law. My name is Pollard; I am a magistrate, and I would urge you to go home peacelully, and leave this unhappy man to be dealt with by the British laws he has defied and outraged." "You know our' object here, thun, Mr. Pollard ?" "I have heard, with horror, that you have threatened to what is called 'lynoh' the wretched being who has. boon arrested for murder, and is now in' that look-up," Mr. Pollard replied. "You have heard the truth; sach is our intention. Now, sir, will you tell me if you believe this Dan Lyons to be an innocent man ?" "God help him, no I There can be no doubt of his guilt. He has not denied it to Loader here." "No; he has boasted of it. He buried Colonel St. Herrick alive twelve years ago out of revenge for a just aot of the Colonels, years previous to that. Now he has come back again in the guise of a priest, and has killed Colonel St. Herrick's innocent child in the most cold-blooded, ornal manner. Don't you think Dan Lyons deserves death? "Yes, hut not by your hands." ".You think he deserves it at the hands of the law? Well, sir, I am glad you agree with us; we are going to put lynoh law in force on Marranga, and Judge Lynch has .sentenced Dan Lyons to die within the hour." " Try to realize that it will be Lyman Law. if you do this deed," cried hr. Pollard. "You are the leader of this lawless party, Ike Lyman, and the blood of this man. will be at your door." "If it did I should know it to be a mark on the right side of the Big Ledger for me; but you are mistaken, air, we are one and all in this. I am only Ike Lyman of the American Vigilance Committee, and there are twelve ol us, all told. Is this true, mates?" "TumHEs Age TWELVE OF Us I" was the reply from every throat, echoed by the men on guard at the lookup ; and it was echoed also by the desperate being inside, who heard every word that was spoken, and knew that his doom was sealed. ." You hear," questioned 'TIke again, " there are twelve of us, good men and true, who are willing to share all the sin of taking a villain's life, believing it to be a praiseworthy and just deed.". "But there is no necessity for you to have this wretches' blood on your hands," pleaded the pitying J P.; "he is now in the hands of the law, and hid doom is as certain as if you take his life." "Is it. Your law is a queer institution, my good friend. Let me see just what would be likely to happen in this fellow's case, There will be an inquest -on that innocent creature who fies under the same roof with her dying mother, and Dan Lyons would be committed for trial. From look.up to court. house, from court-house to gaol-remand, postponement, loss of months. In all these there would be-a hundred opportunities of escape by bribery, by sympathy, even by death-we will trust none of it, our declsion is made." "Will you let me beg for time and merey for this wretched, guilty man ?" asked Leonard Prosser, eagerly. "I wonder if you could find words, Mr. Prosser, for I know you have a sister at home about the age of this cruelly murdered girl." "For the love of God'don't murder Dan Lyons this way," cried poor Tady. " You speak feelingly my good man; do you beg his life because he wears a priest's coat? Tady Connor, I know all about your feeling for him. You knew of this villain's blood-guiltiness before any one did, and you would have hid it and let him go free. Stand back, my man, the night is going, and our work is before us to do." "Not while I stand here to do myU duty I" cried Ellis. "There are only two of us, for it is not our friend's duty to die in defence of our prisoner. It is mine, however, and you will pass over my body to remove Dan Lyons from our custody," - "Perhaps so, my good man, but it will, pleasees God, be a living body," Ike coolly responded, as he wrenched Charlie's ready revolver from his hand.. How it happened the witnesses would have been puzzled to describe, for in a moment, as it were, Con. stables Ellis and Loader were being marehed off to their own lock-up under the guard of a detachment of Ike's men. "There is no harm intended you," Ike himself declared; "not a hair of your head shall be harmed, only we will have our. man, and wv will see that no blame can possibly attach to you for what vwe do this night. Bring out the prisoner." He was marched out between two men, his white fgce showing ghastly in the moonlight, his wild eyes staring in terrible fear upon the faces of those around him.' While the door, of the lookaup was open, Charlio Ellie and Loader were pushed inside, and the heavy. ironed door clanged upon.them. You are better out of it," the Lymans said, "and we will release you the moment all is over." Out of the gate Dan Lyons was marched, with the grip of a strong man on each arm. His handcuffs were unlocked with a key taken from one of the constables, and his wrists fastened behind him with cords, but not until the long black coat had been taken from his back, as Ike cried angrily: "'Tear it off him I We musn't lot any man's religion be mocked or despised by the touch of a ro.p I" And Dan Lyons had said as yet no word. If he could have told he might have said that the terrible words, "There are twelve of us," were repeating themselves over and over in his brain as he looked hopelessly around him. What could he do faooe to face with twelve men ? And- what could the others do? Some words the doctor and Mr. Pollard again urged, but they were taken no heed of, and every man, save those in charge of the pri soner, soon stood ready to mount by his horse's side. "Bring him here," Ike commanded again; "he rides on my horse to.night, and Ike Ly. man will hold his bridle." As Dan Lyons was passing to his place voiceless, he saw the boy Daniel croohling against the fence, for the reality of the awful scene had at last told upon him, and he felt how terrible a thing it was to die. It was a cruel murderer, no doubt, but it was awful awful to be dragged out- in the night to die, God knew how, at the hands of these silent men whose faces were hidden I Even at that last moment he remembered that even gentle Resignation would have pitied him, though he had killed her, and befor he thought more he was at Ike's side, pulling him by the arm, and almost shrieking in his agony of remorse "You have norightl Let him go, let him go I" "Too late my lad," sneered Dan Lyons, with a fiendish glare at the boy. "You have done your work well. Stop men, I must speak to this youngster, and some of you know I have the right." . - - "Lyons, if you never did ona good deed hold your tongue now, " cried- Mr. Pollard, with uplifted hand; " espare the boy for the sake of that meroy you so sorely need your. self"' - _-- "He has spared me," was the bitter reply, as his eyes met Daniel's, with a hate that haunted him for years; "he tracked-his own mother's footsteps to lay.the polic'.on me, and he may now live, curse him, with the knowledge that he hunted his own father to death." The poor lad shrank back as though he had received a blow, and would have fallen if Tady's arms had not caught him. ' His lips grew white, and he trembled as he shrieked out, "It is a lia I" but Dan Lyons withdred him yet with those .burning "eyes as he re plied-, . - - "It is no lie, you cub; ask Mr.Pollard-he knows; ask your mother-she knows; and may the curse---" he was gagged before another word could pass his lips, and in a moment twelveo fen rode down the road with the murderer in their midst. Daniel's whole frame collapsed, and his weight lay in Tady'a arms as he whispered faintly- "I hope I am dying. His son Il Oh, mother, mother, a murderer's son I" "Don't believe him, Daniel dear," Tady Gonnor shoa'itd bravely; he's no father of yours. Don't I know ? Wasn't I here long before you wor born? Ask hMr, Pollard there; and whisper now, sure I didn't like to say itbefore, but it's your father I am meself, asthore I You won't be ashamed of poor Tady Counor for a father, will you ? and we'll g home to Ireland, where you will never hear o that asdoundrol Dan Lyons again ;and there now, he's better," the honestfollow aid, as Daniel turned his face to the fence and burst into tears. "If you can carry him away in that belief, Tady, you will bave done a good action, and saved a young life. To such a boy as that, the knowledge that his father had been hung for such terrible murders would have ruined him." " Oh, I'll swear him into believin' it, and if I never take a worse oath, the Lord will for give me for it, I know. Come on home wid me, Daniel, alanna." And so away into the shadow of the dis-. tance the murderer and his guards passed from the sight of the horrified watohers into the shadows of the distance, where could be traced in the moonlight the dark entrance to Murder Gully. "They are going to hang him en the spot that witnessed his deeds of blood," whispered Mr. Pollard in an aweatricken voice. "And there is justice in it," added the doo tor, emphatically. Yes, they are going to execute the man on the claim in which he had buried one victim alive, and within eight of the spot where he had hidden another. The wretched murderer knew that, as soon as he saw the direction they were taking him in; but if he had not been gagged he could have spoken no word. For the faces of the dead were around him, and the voices of the dead were in his ears. He saw Colonel St. Herrick as he had seen him last, and he heard his words as he had heard them then- - " If you leave me here to die, as you see my face now, you will see it at this hour every night until you die yourself, and your own death will be worse than mine-aye, a hun. dred times." That was what the murdered man had said to him-aye, what he was saying to him noe, with his white face within a yard of his own I And they hadoome true, every wordI Colonel St. Herriok had been his companion every night for twelve long years, and now he was there before him to see him die I "And I'm glad of it I" he shouted, as they stood him on his feet and took the gag from his month. "Hang me, and get it over I No hell can be worse than life surrounded by devils I" " Man, try to realise the awful importanoo of this moment," Ike Lyman said sternly. "By your own confessions you are guilty of thefoulest bloodshed-ask your God for meroyJ now, while it is not yet too late." " Mercy to me means Oblivion. I have asked it of Him so long in vain that I will not try nov. Do your worst." "Abe, give nous a prayer," Ike saiold again, and his brother lifted up his voice in a power. ful appeal to the great First Cause for mercy on this doomed ian. It was a scene to be recalled, and that was recalled by many of the participators for years after. Twelve men with bowed bare heads and a pinioned one standing upright in their midst. The steep aides of the gully mottled with moonlit patches and black shadows. Theolaims with their piled-up stuff and silent windlasses. The leafless trees on No. 1, and under one seared, gaunt, outstretched limb a coil of rope lying on tle ground. A solemn pause after Abe Lyman's prayer had arisen to heaven, and again his brother spoke. "Dan Lyons, won't you say one prayer for yeourself 7" - "Not one," rethrned the monster; ask him to pray for me," and he pointed, to the imaginary form of Colonel St. Herrick;.· ; "Then I can only.say for you, may the Lord have mercy on your soul l? Mates we are one in this matter? If there is one doubt that we do a just deed let it be spoken," and the answer was " There are twelve of us I1" Before the echoes of the words had ceased to ring around among the rocks of Murder Gulls the noose was around the doomed mans neck, tightened, and become a power that drew him up among the dead limbs of the horrified treem upon which no leaves had grown. for twelve years. In one dreadful moment he saw the blue, deep starry sky above which was the dwelling place of his offended God, the spot where he had laid the bloody form of the murdered child, and the face of Colonel St. Herrickl before his eyes to the last I Oh what a terrible death to face 1 Among tlose men who stood gaping in silence at that figure suspended a dark, struggling form between them and the pure sky, was there not more than one who wished that the dee had not been done though there were twelve of them. CHAPTER XIX. AN D LAST. The scene has changed and the time. It is two years since Dan Lyons had met his doom at Marranga, and from the window before which Leonard Prosser is seated there is outspread broad Carlingford Bay, and the green elopes of the County Down. Leonard's face Is but little changed-hie calm and thoughtful nature is not one that leaves many traces on a handsome face, and Tady Connor's wrinkled, queer visage is from other causes setting defiance to the ravages of time. On the morning I reintroduce these two of my charnoters to you Tady is standing on the opposite side of his master's table, and they are talking over sundry affairs of the management of the Prosser estate that are in Connor's charge. SBuddenly Leonard changed the subject. "Daniel's holidays are nearly over are they not Tady ?" "Yes air, time's up a Monday next. We war thinkin' of axing you for an extension Mr. Leonard; tisn't so long since ye war glad of a holiday yerself," Tady added, with a twinkle in his eyes fixed on his foster brother's .countenance. Leonard smiled. "You have anever re grotted fathering the lad Tady ?" he asked. "Regretted I Sure you're not axin' in earnest Mr. Leonard, for well you know I never did. Everytima that boy calls me 'Father' - me heart jumps un in me mouth, but truth to tell eirI don't think he believes I am that, though he never sea so, Any word from Australia since Mr. Leonard ?" "I had a letter this morning from Mr. Pollard-I was just going to tell you." " No word of the mother, sir ? " "Tale or tiding of either Nan Grifiths or her daughter have never been heard of since. Do you think Daniel frets about her ? " " He thinks of her I'm sure, Mr. Leonard, but fretting I don't know. You see that busi ness of her trying to save Dan Lyons he has never got over. But he will get over it, plaza God. I never saw anything like the way me mother has taken to him, and, indeed, he to her. I declare I believe she sometimes fancies he is her ralo grandson." "When are you going to give her a ' rale' one, Dan." SNever, sir, with the help of God." "Now that Nora Brady is within a county of you-" "blr. Leonard," Tady interrupted, with sucoh an expression of pained, reproof on his honest phin that Leonard hastened to appease him. "You are right, Tady; I ought to be ashamed of myself, and of course I was only joking. But everyone does not know that the girl is sister to a murderer, and it is to 0e hoped that some decent man may yet make her? wife. "I hear that both Conn and the mother have become very devout," Tady said. "I am glad to hear it. Charlie Ellis and Milss Olarke are mariled, lady." !' Are they sir, Oh, by gob,he could well afford it. We did well in them three months' work, though the Lord knows it was like mur. der to me to come up out of the saafI and cce that rope hanging there over and always-I wonther if any one tuk it down yet?" "I don't know, Tady; it was a hard climb and no one liked to touch it. Well, Charlie has resigned, at all events, and they are mnr. riod. Mr. Pollard says that the gully is de sorted once more, and that he feels sad for a week after he visits the cemetery." "Indeed, and no wonther. Oh I it was the sad eight the day of Mrs. St. Herrick's and Resignation'e funeral? There they wor in one grave, you may say all three murthered by that cruel villain." "And Dan Lyons within a stone's throw of them." " Outside the fence though, sir; not in con secrated ground, anyway." " Oh no, of course not, Tady." " Did you hear exactly where the Bradys are, Mr. Leonard? " " Near Armagh. It seems that they came home by the first ship after Conn's most un expected recovery. It was a lesson to him, and I am glad he is a changed man." " There was roorn for it, Mr. Leonard." " There is room for improvement in every one of us, Tady. And now will you go and tell Daniel that I'm on for a morning's flsh ing if he likes to come with me, and we will talk over that question of the extended heoll days." "Oh, they're as good as granted, Mr. Leonard; Daniel will be so glad to go with yOU." " A minute more, Tady. I would not say anything to the boy about the news from Australia; it might unsettle him." " Of course not, sir," "And there's one other item of news in Mr. Pollard's letter. It's quite in your line too, Tady, for you Seliove in ghosts, I know." "Dan Lyons has appearedl" exclaimed Tady, making saucers of his round eyes. "Something like it Several have declared that they have seen him hanging in the Gully where the Americans lefo him. It is always an moonlight nights, of course; and the dead man swings round his rope, show ing his white face at all parts of the compass. Now, you know, Mr. Pollard doesn't vouch for the truth of this, Tady, nor does he be. - lieve in it." "Where's plenty of men as wise as Mr. Pollard, though I've nothin' to say agin' the gintleman, that believes in the like," said Tady, as he opened the door for his own exit, "an' why wouldn't they ? Doesn't it stand to raison that part of a lost sowl's punishment may be to see his esuferin's an' his sins over again on earth?" THE END' 