[?] Book: III. — Love ash Wae. CHAPTER ni.— Te Rakga's Whabe. By Atha. / When Phillip Ormond awakened out of Jhat.Btupor into wMch lie had- been thrown if the meris of his foes, he found himself paying full length upon a soft couch of jglans, scarcely able to move. He was not in jfhe bush, nor was it night. His power of vision, and indeed all Mb faculties, were so heaumbed and stupefied, that he could not clearly make out the objects by which he was Burrounded. There was one thing that impressed itself upon his dawning .con sciousness, viz. — that be was a prisoner in jtfce hands of the Maori. It stood out pro toinently ia the long and painful dream he {had undergone. : By degrees his sight became stronger, his impressions clearer. Looking round, he [found himself the sole -occupant of along, pow-roofed apartment, without fireplace. fflfhe furniture — if it merited the name — (consisted of a table and some low seats, like JBtools, covered with quaintly devised pat jterns of colored flax and beads. Thick matting, ?woven from swamp rushes, lined the walls tondcovered the floor, while above Mm, on the Jrafters that sustained the roof, hung sus pended several meris, tomahawks, and a circle-of feathered spears. Phillip Ormond (had never been in a Maori whare before, fret he knew that this was one, and no (common one either, to judge by the neat ap pearance of the room, aud the peculiar cawing of the lees belonging to the table. pud the Stools, and especially by the garnish ment; bestowed on the matting and the ipreapons of war. ; Taming from, a survey of the place to his ^)wn condition, he found his right arm ban daged from wrist to elbow. It gave him great pain when he attempted to move it. jHis head also presented the appearance of fths grand Turk, for it was swathed in many folds of cloth. His uniform was torn to {shreds, and his revolver caBe empty. Had the unfortunate captain been papable Of thought at that moment, he frould have regretted his stupidity in trust ing himself to the tender mercies of the Maori girl, for it ought to have been plain to him that ehe possessed the hereditary instinetB of her race, and hated the Pakeha »n her souL He lay there utterly helpless, watching a Streak of sunlight that had found its way through a chink in the door, playing upon Hie quaint tapestry on the wall, and upon, a pile of skins, whereon a large cat lay, wink ing and blinking at him. Within his con fused brain, the devices on the matting took- shape, and assumed the faces of people frhom he had known, who grinned and leeredathim in mockery. Prom this state |^e felLinto a long and. refreshing sleep. Some one singing ..outside the whare fanaecl him. He eat up, and listened. He fcad slept several hours, and felt much petter. To Ormond's astonishment, tlie fang was an English one, and rendered, in a pomewhat shaky but mellow voice, and in Very plain English. 'What did it mean ? Was there a Maori who understood English ?o well that he could render a song in the language like an Englishman ? 'Before the captive had time to recover pom his surprise, the form of a man dark ened the low narrow doorway of the whare. Che intruder was tall, for he had to stoop as ie entered, and he stood erect again when ie reached the centre of the room. His hair Fas gray, and his beard, which extended t-verhis breast, was of the same silvery Jine, -giving the old man the aspect of ^a ancient Druid. His face was dark fend furrowed with deep lines — marks {rf care or thought, rather than of faere age. His mouth, the most expressive feature on a man's face, was completely pdden by his thick moustache. His dress fraa a medley, partly Maori, partly Euro pean. A colored flaxen shirt and tamba, Park tweed trousers, knee boots, sash, and Jong knife. He stood in the middle of the put, with his hands behind his back, looking ^tthe captain, but without speaking. .Ormond gazed at him from top to toe, »nen rose himself on his elbow. i 'Was it you/whom I lieayd singing?' he Inquired. . i . . .. : The old man's eyes opened a little at the fluestion. *Yes, it was I,' he answered r-wiyrand in a soft drawling undertone. '?' | Then, you can epeak English?' said the Prisoner, eagerly. . i 'Of course. What do you require F' pe replied* in 'the same tone as before ^Pandon me.; you are not a Maori.' .No. That is to say, I. was .not born of She jace. Nevertheless, I am a Maori, if it?^ amongst them for years, speaking weir tongue, and having ^ filrrng for them faa make tne one.' i The old man seemed disinclined to be inestitmed farther ; but he promptly showed J^Jilingness to attend t6 the wounds and pass* of the captive. jlhaimng one of the.stools dkrae to the py*i he^at down^end proceeded carefully. f° enfold the bandages. [ : frTouiJ«m is not broken,* said iie,^fter [FWriiniag'^ihetenb. * ' -. P*ps you 'wfll inform mftdnto whose clutches Pwiefiillon^replied the £&iaent;, withlnting; |^e old man praised fcisefes sharply to gbnumafe face, ♦ Tour curiosity ap iwfore P?f 3j4gmBny wridlie. * IfciB gniteflatu f' to lie onribuB, buidt is dangerous in *ie gares So* tlie Maoris '#:4^b!.$I| J&is;/ frfaen ?&&»£ ^:^Wfween^em : ^nd the Kfg%- yyh&tiB; yfoirjiamBr' * \: ??.-.. ??;„ *-Newi I -like the%' enswerect Ormond. You first rebuke me for being inquisitive,: and conclude your caution by asking my name. However,! have no reason to con ceal my name. It is Ormond, Captain Phillip Ormond, Forest Rangers. Pray let me know yours.' The dark visage of the stranger broke into a smile. There was no mirth in it ; no illumination of the deep lines with which the face was furrajKed. If Phillip Ormond could gay it resSBrad anything lie could think of at the j|io||||ut, it was as a ray of moonlight strea^^^athwart the features of a corpse. * Sir, you are a true specimen ©f your race,' he answered gravely. ' Allow me to examine your bruises without further ques tions. Open, your shirt, and take your arms out of the sleeves, that I may inspect your back. Nothing there but a bruise or two. X ou are whole so far. Pray remain as you are for a .moment.' He went out of the hut; and soon returned with a calabash, containing a daTk- colored fluid, and some soft flax. He took a tuf t of the latter, and bathed the sergeant's wounds with it, and placing the bandages as before.' This kind of surgery was simple enough of itself ; but it gave the young man almost immediate relief. The effect pro duced reflected itself in the prisoner's face, and caused a return of that peculiar smile to the weather-beaten features of his com panion. * Knowledge is power, you see. That way of dressing wounds is non-professional, most likely., Yet^n a ease like yours, it is better than all the doctoringin New Zealand. You will be all right in a day or two. In the meantime, let me advise you to lie still, and do not attempt to pry into matters which do not concern you. The Maori is a strange animal. His eyes are keen and his ears sharp. Good-bye.' He turned to quit the whare, but Ormond called after him. ' Stay one moment, sir. You have been much kinder to me than. I had reckoned. Favor me yet a little more, and inform me where I am ?' 'This is Te Papa,' answered the old man; * a Maori settlement. It belongs to one of the most powerf nl and 'warlike tribes in the island. This is the hapu of Te Ranga.' ' Te Ranga ? The friend and confederate of that detestable villain, Tupo? Nay, good sir, if I have been so unfortunate as to fall into such bloody companv, I pray you, as a white man, give me the bene fit of that knife in your sash there, rather than leave me to the fate and the death of a dosr' ' Peace !' uttered the old man, in a whis per, but yet in a voice so fierce that it sounded like the hiss of a huge snake. 'Are you so careless of your life that you must jeopardise it for a few empty words. Tupo is not here, but his friends and bis spies are everywhere. Te Ranga is a great chief. If he had decided on your death, your eyes would not have seen the sun to-day. Be warned.' ' Truly, the chief has been mere merciful toward ''-me than to many Pakehas who have fallen into his clutches,' responded Ormond. ' Perhaps so. Te Ranga has a daughter whom he loves. Hie young eaglet pleaded for your life.' ?* Really, I am grateful to her for the boon, but her clemency seems a paradox, after betraying me into the hands of my enemies.' * You are mistaken/ answered the old man, with sudden vehemence. ' Hene is in capable of such baseness. Had it not been for her interference on your behalf, the warriors would have killed you on the spot, for you must be awane that it is not usual for Maories to take prisoners for the pur pose of keeping them alive. Your instant death was a matter of absolute certainty, but for Hene.' * How came I here ?' asked the captain, after a pause. ' Upon the shoulders of Te Ranga's war riors. Hene had been to visit an old Maori lady on the Patea, and finding she did not return, the chief dispatched the. party who captured you, to seek her. They must have thought you a great rangatira, for to convey a burden on their shoulders, or to 'make a back' for anybody ie about the last thing you can get a Maori warrior to do, but they love the child. Yet, what induced her to think of bringing you here, I can't imagine ; unless that, seeing you lie senseless, she could not leave you in the bush, where you might die of your wounds before morning. At her request I have attended you. But we need not talk any .more at present. I fancy we shall have plenty of time for chatting br and-bye, ta the meantime you Tnust be quiet, and get well. While you are under my care no one will dare molest youl' * You are Kiti, the* Maori doctor f *I am. This is my home, and the Maoris are my penile, and I am familiar with all. their ways, and they trust me. I have spoken.' \- With these words, the old man strode out of the hut, closing the -ioor behind him. Phillip Ormond lay back upon his couch, and pondered, over the events which had taken place within the last lew hours. He was a prisoner, and in spite of Eati's protestations to the contrary, he believed he had been betrayed into the hands of the Maori by the girl Hene. He could not con jecture* what might be involved ia such a fate — whether death, op a long con finement, or a mere adventure, that might have some peculiar pleasures to compensate for its inconvenience. From his helpless condition, the prisoner's thoughts wandered to the strange feeing who had just left him. Xiti was evidently an Englishman, but thoroughly acclimatised;; there could tvot be a shadow of a doia&t; about it. He ?had shown. . so emotion, at the sight of one of his owmace-r-perchance the only one he had looked upon for years. Nay, he had been reluctant to tell his name, or to enter into conversation. The smile upon His face seemed but as a flitting ghost of some pain ful memory of tW pasty Buri»i awayjsome where within him. What 6oreamiction, what, crime had this old man committed, that lie etonld iave sought a home here, in the wil SerneBS,- with* savage iace? ;The 4JaptamV5renectionB were interrupted by the entrance of * Maori woman. She was. stoutand aged, and clothed inai4Hg, loose cotton print of a brown color, almost blackin places Tvithdii-t. She was without ^^ring ^Qie^on #ie head or feet, and the ?only attempt &t; ornament was agreen stone image wpr^i^jd^henec^ -A Her features i?^-M^.«ipic!B»:^ia*i: cnSeavpriid to improve the human face by disfiguring i% .in Tjvhieh art the New Zealandera have ©utetanpped them all by their painful custom of tattoo ing. According to tradition^ the first set tlers in 'New Zealand were riot tattooed on their faces. ; But soon after their arrival the custom arose of blackening their features in going to battle, and when -'wars became frequent, in order to be always ready, Rew hari, a noted chief, suggested the idea of rendering the lines permanent? To tattoo elegantly is a difficult art, and good artists have a fame in New Zealand, similar to our best portrait painters in Eng land, The implements required are a slight stick, eighteen inches long for a mallet, and an instrument not unlike a horse lancet, which is pointed with bone or iron. The figure to be tattooed is first painted on the skin, and then the point of the lancet is dipped into a pigment of Kauri gum, and driven with the mallet sharply through the. skin. This abominable process is very pain ful, and many have perished under the ope ration, but, thanks to the white settlers, the practice has almost disappeared from among the Maoris of the present day. The native woman carried in her arms a wooden dish, containing yams and a large .slice of pork, which she placed upon the table. Going out again, she quickly re turned with a gourd of clean water. She pushed the table close to the couch -upon which reposed the captive, and' began to make signs to him to arise and eat. Or mond looked at her in amasement, but did not obey, whereupon the Maori caught him in her arms, and placed him bolt upright before the smoking mess, and left him to enjoy his meal. Days rolled by, and, Phillip Ormond re covered rapidly. Yet he was kept a close prisoner, his hut being watched by a con stant guard. His only visitors were the Maori who administered to his 'wants, and the -old man, KitL Latterly, however, the doctor had been accompanied by the chief's daughter, Hene. The girl would enter the whare, and place herself on a stool near the conch, and sit staring with her large black eyes upon 'the captive, but without uttering a syllable. Once, during the tem porary absence of Kiti in search of some lotion, Ormond placed himself beside her, and attempted to take her hand within his own, but to his surprise, Hene started back from him in terror, the rich blood mantling over her neck and face, and her lithe form, quivering with emotion — a circumstance which plunged the captain into a drawn study when, he was once more alone. (to be contdtced.J I?.!*? £2»eS ***»**? story in tfewSontb 