The various plans that have been put into operation to exterminate the rabbit pest have proved futile. Every year the rodents are increasing in number and spreading over a wider area ; in fact, they are multiplying so rapidly that they threaten to become sole occupiers of the country. The pastoralists are being driven to their wits' end, as vermin consume the feed that i6 required to support their cattle and sheep. In agricultural districts much damage is frequently done to the cereal crops by the depredations of rabbits. Had no efforts been made to rid the country of the pest it would have been a very different matter j but it is far otherwise, for the annual cost incurred in the endeavor to overcome the rabbit plague has now reached the enormous sum of £100,000. The evil was not in the first place grappled with as vigorously or as systematically as it should have been. Rabbit-catching has given employment to a number of men who have made a good thing1 out of it. There is conclusive proof that some rabbit parties were careful not to make clean work of exterminating the rodents, lest their occupation should be gone. By the time a party managed to get over a district the increase from the rabbits that were left was so for midable that it was necessary to tra verse the same ground again. That system has been fraught with disas trous results, and how to effectually remedy the evil seems to be the prob lem of the day. Not only has the State expended large sums on this work, but rates have been levied on the owners or occupiers of land to aid in the extermination of the pest. Vermin Boards have been appointed, but what with the apathy of some and the red-tapeism of Government officials the system has proved a failure. Gentlemen interested in agricultural and pastoral pursuits, perceiving how the evil was increasing, formed them selves into a deputation and waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Saturday last. The deputa tion intimated that in the past the powers exercised by the Government had not been exerted as fully as they might have been, and offered a few snggestion which if acted upon would enable the Ministry to cope with the evil more effectually than has been done. It was thought that the appointment of a Central Board to supervise the operations of Local Boards, in order that the Act might be fully enforced, would have a beneficial effect. It appears that at a meeting- of stock owners and. Chairmen of Vermin Boards and District Councils a resolu tion was passed for presentation to the Government by the deputation. It was to the effect that the administra tion of the Acts should be by Boards, with a Central Board in the City District Councils to be merged into Boards, and Government Inspectors to have large powers to insist upon Boards acting vigorously. A repre sentative meeting such as that we have referred to ought to be able to make suggestions worthy of consideration by the Government. The filling up of holes is deemed by the deputation of importance, and should de enforced as part of the system. Reference was also made to the necessity of protect ing the natural enemies of rabbits. Some Boards were inactive, others were doing the work in an indolent manner, while only a few were performing their duties vigorously. It is impossible to make much headway under such a system, and to continue it is to waste time and money. The deputation further asked for a consolidation of the Acts, because where so many persons were interested it was more desirable to have one Act than three. It was also suggested that ratepayers should be allowed to vote for the election of members of Boards. This is an excel lent idea, and would result in the return of men deeply interested in having the pest exterminated. The boundary fencing was referred to, and the Government urged to take into consideration the advisableness of fencing off the infested from the non infested country. The Commissioner of Crown Lands said he was fully alive to the injury that was being done by rabbits and to the need there was for adopting measures that would eradicate the pest. He was of opinion that a portion of the national funds should be sec aside for the purpose of exterminating' the rodents, but that the destruction of marsupials should be left in the hands of the people whose land they were on. It is to be hoped that a more effective system of exter mination will be brought into opera tion. The depredations of the rabbits are such as to demand their wholesale destruction, otherwise the pastoral lessees will be compelled to give place to them. The agriculturists have had unpleasant experiences with rodents and marsupials, but the former are the more difficult to keep under. Owing to a variety of circumstances the occupiers of land in this colony are being driven to cultivate other things besides wheat. The low price of grain and the decreasing average yield of that cereal have done much to bring about a change of cropping. The cultivators of the soil expe rience a few difficulties at the outset, but by patience and perseverance they will overcome them. With wheat- growing there is a quick return, and this is no doubt the reason why it has been adhered to so long. We find that the leaseholders of certain lands have, by deputalion, waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands with the view of obtaining concessions. Among others it was requested that wattle-growing should be allowed as a condition of improve ment. The persons interested in this matter are lessees of inferior lands, and the length of leases is 14 and 21 years. At the expiry of their lease they could not claim compensation for improvements, and there fore it is not to be expected that they will spend much money in that way. By grazing and wattle-farming they think they cau get along, and as it is moat desirable that they should receive reasonable encourage ment to remain on the land something should be done in this case. There is an Amended Land Act before Parliament, and the Commissioner expressed himself as willing to have a clause inserted dealing with the subject, and making wattlegrow ing one of the conditions of improvement. This, of course, will be submitted to his colleagues, and if approved by them a step in the right direction will be taken. For years wattle-cultivation has been talked about, but that industry has not been entered into very extensively so fay, although progress is being- made, and as it takes five years from the time of planting before any return can be calculated on the work must necessarily be slow. In our own and the adjoining districts many farmers have done well at wattle-stripping. Very few have, however, gone to any expense in planting, having contented themselves with operating on self-sown trees. Many people believe that, as in the case of rearing pigs, this industry will be overdone and the market price of bark lowered in consequence to a non-paying point, which is perhaps the reason why during the last few years the occupiers of good wattle country have had all the trees cut down to allow more grass to grow for stock. The industry in ques tion could, of course, be carried on too ex tensively with the inevitable result follow ing over-production. What we advocate is that small portions of farms or other land should be set aside for the purpose, and wattle bark made one of the products of the soil in conjunction with wheat, wool, and other things. It being evident that the carriage of bark to the seaboard is a serious expense to the producer, the Govern ment should be requested to reduce the rail way tariff for this particular article as much as is consistent with the proper paying of the lines. A Crossing rs Main SrBEET. — Com- plaints are being nade of the deep crossing leading from Man. street into Police street. A culvert was placed there by the Clare Corporation, but owing to the rush of storm waters it used to get choked and acted as a dam. It was therefore resolved to remove the obstruction, and since then the crossing, owing to its depth, has not been all that could be wished. Vehicles passing over it are. more or less strained, and occupants if not careful are liable to be thrown out. A culvert similar to the one erected at the north end of the street leading on to the Farreus flat road would sumce for all purposes. The Taxation Assessment. — The land and income tax will not yield as much money to the public revenue as was antici pated, and the result must be disappointing to the initiators of the Act. On Tuesday last the Hon. S. Newland laid the follow ing return on the table : — On land, South Adelaide is assessed at £8,480,143, North Adelaide at £1,238,416 ; total, £9,618,559. Land outside District Councils is assessed at £13,545,587, and in the Northern Territory at £444,762; inside District Councils at £18,160,816; and inside Corporations at £6,024,146; making a total of £38,170,311. The grand total is £47,788,870, and the amount of the tax on the above is £99,560. The incomes from property are assessed at £544,352, and from personal exertion at £2,069,950. The amount of the tax on the first item is £13,608 16s, and upon the second £25,875 7s 6d, a total of £39,483 3s 6d. It will thus be seen that the total amount of the tax will be £139,043 6s 5d. After allow ing for reasonable deductions it is thought that about £130,000 will be obtained. Mr. B. Rounsevell's estimate was £205,000. Pastobal Board. — In the House of Assembly on Tuesday last Mr. A. Catt, M.P., presented a petition from agricultu rists in the District of Stanley, the purport of which was that unless certain amend ments were made in the Pastoral Lands Act of 1884, the cutting up of runs by the Pastoral Board will prove abortive. Cable News. — The following London telegrams are from the Adelaide dailies : — It is rumored that Khalif Abdoola, the successor to the Madhi, has summoned a council of the principal chiefs of the tribes in the Soudan to consider whether it is ex pedient to persist in the rebellion. — It is expected that the sentence of death passed on Louis Rid, leader of the Canadian rebellion, who was recently convicted but xecouinwadad to mercy on the ground of insanity, will be commuted. — Notwith standing the great precautions that have been taken to prevent the spread of cholera from Spain, the disease has reappeared in Marseilles, where an average of 20 deaths is daily reported. — A most disastrous con flagration broke out on August 4 in the City of Toronto, resulting in the destruc tion of numerous factories and warehouses, extending half a mile along the shores of the lake. The damage dona is enormous, but has not yet been computed. — The cholera is still raging in many provinces in Spain, with no abatement in the number of deaths. — [n the House of Commons Lord Randolph Churchill, Secretary of State for India, announced that the Government was massing troops at Quetta in readiness for the extension of the railway in the direc tion of Candaharif required. — The quantity of wheat afloat is 2,120,000 quarters. Vbhmin Act. — On Monday evening, August 3, a large and influential meeting was held at Redhill for the purpose of dis cussing the Vermin Act of laet session. After several speakers had given their views on the matter it was decided to peti tion the Government to exclude the Hun dreds of Crystal Brook and .Redhill from No. 1 Vermin District. Clare Skating Rink. — This favorite place of amusement was crowded with spectators on Monday evening last, when an attractive programme was gone through by skaters, whose gyrations on the wheels were cleverly executed. Different charac ters were personated, from the small imp of darkness — artistically arrayed in sombre garments, and a speaking likeness of the ' old chap' — to the angel of light, minus the wings. One person donned a garb similar to that of the Salvation Army, while another acted the ghost, and the Jot when on the rink presented a grotesque ap pearance. Mr. T. DuRieu, in fanciful jockey costume, piloted his tin steed — a rather fractious animal— several times round the rink in splendid style. The City of Troy was entered by a circuitous path, and the travellers had some difficulty in essaying the sharp turnings, of which there were many. The rocky road to Dublin was amusing, but most of the competitors did not play fair, a circumstance which perhaps added to rather than detracted from the fun. At intervals Mr. J. Pryor's Brass Band con tributed popular music. Pubuc Meeting.— A public meeting was held at Caltowie on the 3rd instant to discuss the Crown Lands Amendment Act of 1884. There was a large attendance, and Mr. A. McCallum, J.P., was voted to the chair. It was thought that the quantity of land held by one person should be limited, and to prevent dummyism stringent provi sions should be inserted in the Act. It was decided that the auction system should be abolished, and simultaneous application be decided by lot. A memorial will be prepared and a deputation wait on the Com missioner asking him to adopt the resolu tions of the meeting. Stone-Thbowdjg-.— We had hoped that stone-throwing at the Clare Salvation Army had ceased, as for some time, until recently, that body has been permitted to parade the streets without molestation, but the practice has been renewed. Ou Tuesday evening the Salvationists were going up Main street as usual, and when at the north end a stone struck Miss Richards, who was in the ranks, on the head immediately above the temple, inflicting a nasty incisive wound. She was taken to Mr. E. C. Rix, the local chemist, who dressed the cut. We do not know what the outcome of this missile-throwing will be, but it is a very dangerous pastime, and should be put down with an iron hand. An Industrious Schoolmaster. — We notice that Mr. Bawden, the teacher of the Clare public school, has made some com mendable improvements at that institution. He has dug the ground along the fences and planted it with different kinds of flowers. A small plot of ground in front of and close to the building has been turned over and filled with plants. This will, when the plants have come to maturity, add greatly to ths appearance of the property. Atjbubn Rainfall. — The following is the rainfall registered at the Auburn tele graph station during the months named for the nast four vears. in inches : — 1882\. 1883. 1884. 1885. January .. 0.250 0.115 1.730 0.610 February .. 0.000 0.890 0.000 1.750 March .. 0.160 0.900 1.820 0.540 April .. 2.540 1.320 1.650 0.640 May .. 2.290 6.370 3.626 1.690 June .. 1.650 2.780 5.300 3.000 July .. 3.000 4.110 0.420 1.640 August .. 4.160 3.320 1.886 September.. 0.930 2.200 3.350 October .. 2.910 1.330 1.810 November . . 1.440 1.030 1.290 December,, 0.600 0.720 2.020 19.830 24.085 24.890 9.870 Vital Statistics.— The Upper Wake field District Registrar reports having re gistered 5 births (4 male and 1 female) and 1 death (male) daring the month of April. Midland Road Board. — Our Kapunda contemporary says : — ' Mr. J. E. Bleech more, J.P., of Auburn, has been elected to to fill the vacancy on the Midland Road Board caused by the resignation of Mr. C. R. Goode. The official record of the voting will be declared by the Chairman at the next meeting of the Board. The unsuccess full candidates were Mr. S. Dawson, of Waterloo ; Mr. H. Richardson, of Saddle worth ; and Mr. J. Forbes, of Mallala.' A Kicker. — Yesterday one of five horses in a coach belonging to Messrs. Hill & Co. caused some diversion to the bystanders in Main street, Clare, by kicking over the traces. It got its leg entangled in a trace and came to the ground. A crowd collected, and with some difficulty the trace was un hitched from the collar, but remained attached to the horse's fetlock and to the swingletree.. The animal then let fly lustily right and left, to the imminent danger of the other horses, but after a time it cooled down, when the trace was taken away very gingerly — iu a kind of 'pick-it-up-tenderly, touch-it-with-care,' style. No damage was done. Supreme Court Sittings. — At the Adelaide Supreme Court on Wednesday, August 8, Joseph Fels, Hippolet Voumard, Wm. Woods, alias Kelly, respectablelook ing young men, were charged with stealing two geese, valued at 10s, the property of Mary Thomae, at Leasingham, on May 28. Prisoner;:, who pleaded not guilty, were de fended by Mr. Bright. The evidence taken went to shovr that the geese were removed from Mrs. Thomas's premises at about 1 o'clock on the morning in question. From the conduct of the men, however, both before and after the affair, the alleged larceny appeared very like an act of larrikinism, a supposition which was practically the defence offered by the prisoners, all of whom were given excellent characters. His Honor, in summing up, also referred to the probability of the birds having been removed for a ' lark,' but ex pressed in strong language his disapproba tion of such acts of lariikinism. The jury found the prisoners guilty of an act of larrikinism, but were of opinion that they committed it without any felonious inten tion. His Honor remarked that this was tantamount to a verdict of not guilty, and accordingly ordered the prisoners' discharge. — Advertiser. Sheep-Sheabing. — Next week ?heating will be commenced on the Far North sta tions, and a large number of men have been engaged, including several from the neigh borhood of Clare. Picnic and Presentation. — On Friday, July 31, a valedictory picnic to Miss Spratt, teacher of the Eybunga public school, and post-mistress, was held in a paddock belong ing to Mr. Mackeretb, the occasion being her retirement from the post which she has satisfactorily filled for three years. About 200 persons W6re present, and after a sub stantial luncheon various games were in dulged in. The prizes, 43 in number, were distributed to the school children by Mr. J. Shepherd, after which Mr. Robert P. Smith presented Miss Spratt with a handsome silver butter-dish as a token of the esteem in which she waB held by the scholars and residents. Miss Spratt, in a few appropriate remarks thanked them for their valuable present and their good feeling: towards her. Mr. Shepherd also spoke, and referred to the sterling worth of Miss Spratt as a teacher, and referred to the pleasant time that she had had during her three years' sojourn amongst them. Three cheers were then given for Miss Spratt and her successor, Mr. Hart, and for Mr. Shepherd. A tea was partaken of, after which the proceedings terminated, an ex ceedingly enjoyable day having been spent by all. Haiedeessing Business. — By a notice in another column it will be seen that Mr, J. Phillips (late of Adelaide), has located himself in Clare, and intends carrying on the hairdreseing business established in the shop of Mr. E. 0. Rix. Spobting Pamphlet. — We have re ceived ' Centaur's Index for 1885.' The work has been carefully compiled, and con tains a fund of useful information in con nection with the turf. 'The Pictorial Australian.' — We have received a copy of the August number of the above monthly periodical, which contains a number of excellent and interest ing engravings, including a capital portrait of the late Dr. Charles Gosae. Review. — Modern medical science has done much towards alleviating the suffer ings of mankind. It has in a great measure quitted the old methods of chance treat ment, and has endeavored to bring to rule and classify as much as possible the symptoms of diseases. Under such keen scrutiny that has been brought to bear by so many eminent minds much light has been thrown on hitherto unaccountable maladies. Still it has been long evident that much remains to be done ere medical science could approach to anything like the exactitude of which other sciences are capable. The above remarks have been penned after reading a pamphlet on ' Indi gestion,' by Mr. C. Cross, Gawler, a gentle man who states that he has given a life's study to the cause of diseases and a remedy for the same. Vary lucidly in the course of a few sentences he traces all diseases to the one origin — an improper condition of the digestive organs. He states, ' To cope with disease of any description its cause must be first known. Accidents may some times lead to the discovery of a remedy, but such cases are few. To administer drugs with the hope that good may result with out knowing what they are to operate upon may be designated aa quackery.' Again, ' To discover the primary cause of disease it is necessary for us to examine how life is kept up;' and so he goes on tracing the primary source of disease to the stomach and digestive organs, doing it in simple language that all may understand it. To this discovery he devoted many years' study, and having, as he believed, obtained just grounds for asserting that there was a com mon source for all diseases, he concluded that there must also be a common remedy. Here his studies commenced again, and he gives the results in a few words. After long and anxious watching the effects of various drugs and repeated failures, he asserts he has found the remedy which has so long been desired. In the few pages he has devoted to this explanation Mr. Cross has compressed much thought, and we recommend his little brochure to our readers as worthy of perusal. There is certainly a ring of probability about his assertions, and should he be correct man kind will have to be thankful for those studies which have led to the conclusions at which he arrives. 