VICTORIAN MEMS. i£1 w S k " ' 0 ° haa been offered in Mel- ^me for the arrest of the absconding jeweller ^ f e s * Sutherland was mine . " . J n >8ht by a fall of earth in a frai t -fi™™» have held a 8 ^tition to oppose the ^on.tat wtt Tribnte C ' o -' 6 claim . ^ftne^S'* 3 5 2 ' 2 -'™ 8 killed by a His nutStd s „®'" e at D u n o % on Monday. TteBlMkwJl^^Pe- •TOmpiefc^fchdiggings harts tamed out The Government Lave decided to place £100,000 on next year's Estimates towards the extension of the Yan Yean waterworks. Donald Dinnie beat the New Zealand champion, Hudson, in a wrestling match at the Lyceum-hall, Melbourne. He won three out of live falls. It is asserted on good authority that oh the completion of the new Catholic Church in Sale, Gippsland, that place will be created a Roman Catholic bishopric. The board appointed to report on the advieableness of replanting the vines in the Geelong district recommended that the vines should not be replanted at present. Thieves broke into the Wesleyan Church, Bunninyong, on Sunday week, and stole tbe communion service. They overlooked a box containing the whole collections of the day. Mr. Charles Leblanc, an old and respected resident of Omeo, died suddenly on Friday from pneumonia, a disease which is very prevalent there. There are several other critical cases. A five-mile race between O'Connor and Fosee, for £100, took place on Saturday at the Friendly Societies' Gardens, Melbourne, 8nd resulted in an easy win for O'Connor. Time, 27min. 7sec. A mob of 60 roughs severely maltreated a detachment of tbe Salvation Army at Dandenoug on Saturday night, one of their number being seriously hurt. For a time the place was like a pandemonium. The charge of assault preferred by Mr. Klingender, solicitor, against Mr. Marshall, mining broker, was withdrawn on the defendant's solicitor tendering an apology in the City Police Court, Melbourne. The inquest on Mary Black, who died in Hotham under suspicious circumstances, resulted in a verdict of death by malpractice, but there was no evidence to show by whom abortion had been procured. The total revenue of Victoria for the year ending June 30 was £6,290, 1 652, or an increase over the preceding year of £356,074.. A most noticeable decrease in the land revenue is the selectors* reuts, which are over £50,000 to the bad compared with the previous year. Mr. Service hopes that the first Federal Council under the Enabling Bill, which is now passing through the Imperial Parliament, will be held early next year at Hobart; and we trust that events will justify his apparently sanguine anticipation. The four men charged with sticking-up and robbing the National Bank in Melbourne were committed for trial. - The men were removed to gaol under a strong escort, because the police had been informed that a rush would be made to liberate them. Nothing, however, occurred. ; The Melbourne City Council have decided to invite applications for the appointment of assistant city surveyor, with a view of his ultimate succession to the city surveyorship, by advertisements in tbe newspapers of the principal cities in Australasia, England, and America. As soon as the wet season has ended, tbe Minister of Lands intends to make a start with tbe work of draining the Condah Swamp in the Western district, and the Koowerup Swamp in South Gippsland. The former, which comprises 6000 acres, will be taken in hand first. It is proposed to ask Parliament to vote a sum of £2000 for tbe benefit of the widow and family ot the late Mr. Hugh M'Coll, in consideration of the valuable services he rendered to the colony in connection with water conservation. A notice to thst effect has been placed on the paper. Tbe New South Wales Government has declined to entertain the Victorian proposition to appoint a joint commission to take into consideration the desirability of locking tbe River Murray, with a view of rendering the river permanently navigable, and generally improving its condition. A number of animals for the Victorian Acclimatisation Societyarrivedin the B.M.S.S. Carthage. The specimens comprise some deer and two lion?. The deer come under the.category ot horned stock, and had to be viewed by the Government inspector before delivery could be taken of them. It is understood (says the Daily Telegraph) to be the. intention'of the Government to submit a definite proposal to .Parliament during the present session in the direction of razing tbe Melbourne Gaol to the ground, and disposing ot the land upon which it stands, in small blocks by public auction. A man named O'Connor reports that he saw a tiger 3ft. high while he was shooting hares near Gobar, 18 miles from Alexandra. The animal was about 40 yards in front of him. He is positive that it -was a tiger. O'Connor's gun was loaded, and he attempted to fire, but it did not go off. He then hid himself behind a log. A severe shock of earthquake waB experienced in Melbourne and suburbs on Friday at 2 a.m. Houses were violently shaken, windows rattled, and persons were rudely awakened from deep. The direction of the wave was from south to north. The shock lasted a considerable time—longer than 30 seconds. Constable Doran, employed in searching for stolen money in Stud ley Park, Melbourne, reported that a constable who accompanied him had proposed tbat tbey should share what they found. Tbe matter was inquired into, and resulted in Doran's statement being considered false and malicious, and he was thereupon dismissed from the force. An old man named John Watson, who lived alone in a hut at Bullarto, was found dead in it. At an enquiry into the cause of his decease, it was found that he had died from starvation, Watson was not in absolute want., as he had 8s. in his pocket, £20 to his credit in the savings bank, and owned about thirty fowls. He was 75 years of age, and is reported to have been of miserly habits. The body of a man named Michael Campbell, a carpenter, aged 41 years, was found on the railway line last Sunday, between Newmarket and Ascotvale stations. The remains were terribly mutilated. Two bottles of drink were found near the body, and it iB surmised ; that he was run over by one of the late trains on Saturday night as he was proceeding to his home in the vicinity, Campbell leaves a wife and child. At an inquest on the body ot Mary Belle Seymour, wife of a farmer at Torrumbarry. who died on Satuaday from hemorrhage after childbirth, tbe jury found that the deceased died from hemorrhage, accelerated by tbe undue interference of the nurse or midwife, Eliza Elliott; they therefore found her guilty of manslaughter, but recommended her to mercy. Mrs. Elliott was then committed for trial at the Sandhurst Assizes ; bail allowed. It is not often (says the Yarrawonga Mercury) that snakes are met with at this time of the year, especially with the temperature as low as it has been for some time, but the following has been supplied us from Wilby :—Some days ago Mr. Mallows and a servant of his were employed in grubbing, In the course of which' a large snake made his appearance from a hollow tree. His snakeship'g intended levee was not appreciated, and he was quickly sent to the right-about by the application of the woodhewer's faithful weapon. Mr. George Mayger, of the Imperial Hotel, Melbourne, succeeded in bringing down a magnificent stag at Port Phillip Island last week. It was the finest that has been seen in Melbourne for many years, and interested large numbers of people where it bung in Mr. Tynon's Bhop in Russell-street. The stag, judging by its horns, must have been upwards of five years old, and weighed 1671bs. after dressing. There are, it is. understood, a good many of these splendid animals on Phillip Island, where very good sport of all kinds is obtainable. It will be remembered that the steamer Eclipse reported at Queenscliff on June 3 last that ex-Pilot Loisseaux, Samuel Withers, and tbe captain of the Swallow left that vessel in a boat to board tbe Flirt, and at tbe time it was believed tbey were blown out to sea. The master of the Warrentinna, which arrived at Melbourne a few days ago, reported that the boat was discovered #n June to tbe eastward of Cape Wickham, the wind being light. Half a bottle of whieky and some clothes were found in tbe boat, which is now.in charge of the lighthouse- keeper, and is uninjured. Tbe Minister of Mines intends (says the Age) to appoint a board of experts to inquire into and report upon the ill results to the health of miners from the use of dynamite in mines, and what preventive measures to adopt. The miners are totally opposed to the use of this explosive, and state .that its fumes are injurious to health. The Minister of Mines has requested tbe Mineowners' Association to nominate a member of the board. One representative will be appointed by the miners, and tbe remaining three members of the board will be .selected by the Minister.-. Some • time' ago Mr. J." G. Webb, a wellknown resident of Footscray, set the athletic world of the borough astir by offering a handsome trophy, in tbe shape of a timepiece valued at £7, to be run for. There were three events of 100 yards, 150 yards, and 200 yards. Sixteen entered. The prize was competed for last week in Mr. Newell's paddock, some distance from the town. Two of tbe runners showed their decided superiority over the others by making dead heats of the last two events. In the runsoff Scott beat Saunders. The 100 yards event was not contested, Scott being declared the winner of tbe trophy. • Mr. Bent in the Assembly a few nights ago wanted -to *'pull up" the printers and pub- Ushers of the Age to the bar of the House because in a leading article that journal had commented on the members—or some of them —as "butts of the House and tools of tbe priests." However, after an explanation .from the Attorney- General, he thought better of it, and withdrew the motion. The article which roused Mr. Bent's ire, contained some unmistakably plain statements. It spoke- of the Opposition as conspirators whose nearest approach to a common political creed was belief in beer, and who could rally four-fifthB of their forces under tbe standard.of a free tap. Camperdown is said to be blessed with a haunted bouse, according to the local Chronicle, People who have resided in it testify to unearthly knocking*, strange movements, and mysterious midnight whisperings. Peculiarlooking lights are said to have been observed in dark rooms. Other phenomena common to haunted houses have been recorded, but for a full description of these our readers are referred to eome authentic work on the subject of haunted houses generally. The ghosts are mentioned as having been noticed in various parts of the town from Mount Laura to the cricket- ground. They delight, a3 usual, in frequenting the pathB most used by lovers in their nightly walks. The difficulty experienced in promptly executing tbe large orders for torpedoes recently received from the colonies is in a (fair war of being satisfactorily overcome (wrote a London correspondent on May 29). Owing to the Ruseo-Afgban dispute, the British Government suddenly found themselves in want of some 200 torpedoes in excess of what the Woolwich Arsenal could supply. New Zealand also desired to purchase 60, New South WaleB 40, Victoria 20, South Australia 10, and Tasmania 4\. The Imperial Government have been able to conclude a contract with Schwartzkopff, of Berlin, for a supply of some 200 of his phosphor-bronze torpedoes, which some experts consider superior to "Whitehead's, and which certainly coBt £450 a-piece as against £300 for the eteel weapon. Several nuggets, including one of over 6oz. in weight, have been on view in Melbourne as having been found in New Guinea. A company, called tbe New Guinea Exploration Company, was floated to prospect tbe localitv in which the gold was found, and more than twice the requisite number of shares were applied for. A second prospecting association has since burst upon the"scene, tbe latest being under the leadership of Mr. Stewart, who was with the Age expedition as naturalist. The second company is of 100 shares of ^20 each, of which ten fully paid up are to be allotted to Mr. Stewart for leading tbe party to tbe locality where Kerry is believed to have discovered gold. The title of the company is the Mai Kasa Gold Prospecting Association, New Guinea, and Mr. C. E. Clarke has the arrangements for floating in hand. A rather singular arrest was made by Constable Ferrer, of St. Kilda, on the 2nd inst. It appears that as he was on night duty on the date in question, he noticed a man sleeping in a vacant piece of ground close to his beat. Upon waking him up he was found to be intoxicated, and he was conveyed to the police station, where he was locked up until next morning. Just previous to letting bim go, Plain-clothes Constable O'Callaghan had a look at him, and, strange to say, it was ascertained that he was the individual for whom a warrant had been issued for the past three years, for the payment of a tine inflicted on him by the Sandhurst mngistrates. Ever since, he has managed to elude the vigilance of the police. He was subsequently forwarded where his presence had been EO long and anxiously awaited. His name is Rolht, and he is a foreigner. A peculiar tragedy is reported from Rushworth. A well-known contractor and farmer, named James Stewart, told the police that he and Henry Hopkins, a shepherd, had been drinking together in the latter's hut, at Warrango, seven miles away. Iu consequence of the conduct of Hopkins, Stewart thrashed him with his belt for an hour, and then put him outside the hut. At about 9 o'clock some of the neighbors found Hopkins in a low state, and be shortly afterwards died. The hut bore signs of a severe struggle, and pools of blood were lying about. Stewart was arrested, and the post-mortem examination showed that Hopkins, who was about 60 years of age, had been brutally kicked by his assailant, who is a young man. Among other injuries the skull of the deceased was fractured. Stewart has been remanded. Thus the Melbourne Herald : " The many friends ot Mr. Melvin, of the Melbourne Telegraph, will be delighted to hear that he is in excellent health. He speaks very highly of the men of the Contingent, and is full of reminiscences of ' When I was in the Soudan.' Immediately after the disbandment of the Contingent at Sydney last week, Mr. Melvin was * captured,' as their proper prize of war, by tbe Victorian officers, who bore him off in triumph to iheir quarters in the Royal Hotel. Here the popular and energetic journalist was given a most hearty welcome. His health was drunk in bumpers of champagne, and in acknowledging the cordiality of his reception Mr. Melvin expressed his regret that some Victorian officers had not shared with those of New South Wales in the hardships, dangers, and yet pleasures of the Soudan campaign. He had himself greatly enjoyed his experiences." 