THE TWO MRS. LOVIBOND IIS. "There is no other way out of the diffi- culty," said Mr. Lovibond emphatically ; " a separation is neither fish nor flesh nor good red herring. I am not going to hang you on the head, much as you do EOrvo it, or knock you down ; neither do I desire you to disgrace yourself and me by figuring in the law courts ; therefore, there is nothing left you, that I can see, but to quietly die out of my life, and dis- appear altogether." " Why should you not die, if it comes to that " asked Mrs. Lovibond fiercely ¡ it's better for you to begin the world again than for me. You have heaps of friends and relations to comfort you I haven't a soul belonging to me." " Just the reason why have selected you to enact the rule of corpse," answered Mr. Lovibond easily ; " where I should have dozens of people coming and insist- ing on seeing the body, you would not have one. Besides, everyone knows the violence of your temper ; what more likely than that you should have broken a blood-vessel suddenly, or overstrained the cords of your heart ? Believe me I do not suggest this course heedlessly ; I thought of it for a long time, and have made all arrangements. It's not nearly as difficult or disagreeable an event as you might imagine. In fact, you wish to get rid of me. I no loss ardently desire to be quit of your company, and, this forms an excellent solution of the difficulty." ' ' " Suppose I wish to marry again, or that you do I" demanded his wife SUCH things have happened, you know ; our hearts might be caught in the rebound that event, I fancy, would be a little awkward.", , 'M Mr 1 ' At present can't imagine that I could over desire to run my head into the noose again," remarked i Mr. Lovibond verily. "I mean after a, decent interval, of 'course to enjoy myself. I have never had my thing, thanks to our idiotically early marriage ; you have never had your. Bless me, I shall enjoy myself mightily, once my black coat has worn out, and the grass grown green over your grave. You shall choose your own monument no expense spared ; it is the last thing I can do for you, you know." ' _ ' i i "I wish to goodness I had never seen your face !" exclaimed Mrs. Lovibond, her handkerchief held between her fingers, demonstrating the violence of her emotion as she twisted it about, and finally tore ] it into shreds. " I wish, now I wish-" ' "have heard all those remarks just one million times," said Mr. Lovibond coolly. I know exactly how much you doteBt me, precisely what you would like to do to me if you were only strong enough. I don't forgot the amiable manner in which you boxed my ears the week after we were married, because I told you Le Petit Faust was not exactly the sort of play to take a blushing bride of 17 to see ; nor the manner in which you flew at me, and tore , my necktie when we returned home, , and you discover that the house was a smaller than you had led yourself to ox- j feet. At first, I must say, your dear , little temper amused me. It is my only ( fault. If I had held you down, and smacked you well the first time you for- got yourself and your duty to me, my life would have been pleasant, and you would have been tamed." ' "And pray what should I have been doing while you held me down ? " asked j Mrs. Lovibond, with a sneer ; you Boom j to forgot two can play at that game." " My dear child, what could you have done against me, had I chosen to exert my , strength?" replied her husband; "Just BOO ! " and going up to her he seized her by her elbows, and hold her as if in a vice with one hand, while with the other he pretended to box her ears. "Now, how could you struggle out of that?" added ho, as exhausted with her vain attempt to got away from him, she panted and glared at him like a demon. " I have an invincible dislike to striking a woman, as you know, and a still stronger objection to washing my soiled garments in public ; or, perhaps, the law should do for UB what I mean to do for myself got rid of you, and so end my days in happiness." '" What are your plans, then?" asked Mrs. Lovibond, sitting down as far as she could from her husband. " I am only too anxious to be quit of you, but I fail to see how you are going to manage" " You know Stone ; a good follow, but slightly impecunious," replied Mr. Lovibond ready to swear anything for consideration, including that you were mad, my lady, which was his plan for Shaking you oil'; not mine, so don't fly at me again. Well, that consideration is his in return for a death certificate, which will be forthcoming the moment the breath is out of your body-that is to say, the instant you, as Mrs. Anybody you like to name, have sailed in a beautiful ship for the other side of the World ' " I should be much obliged if you would calmly tell me what you and Mr. Stone have settled," replied Mrs. Lovibond trying to keep her temper (a remarkably difficult feat to accomplish, and one her husband often implored her not to endeavour to do, as it was not worth retaining). " Certainly, with the greatest pleasure in life," said Mr. Lovibond. " You and I are going down to look over that new place I contemplated buying before we agreed we could live no longer together. You are to be taken ill suddenly at Stone's house ; he will find the body dissecting fellows like that can always put their hands on a body. This will take your place in the bed, while you are off to Liverpool, where you can remain until the ship sails for Australia. I have friends out there to whom I'll give you introduc- tions, and who are very jolly! Pose as a young widow for a year or two ; after which you can do as you like, more especially if you dye that yellow Huff of yours black and smooth it down. Very few people know you by sight as it Is. Owing to your naturally sweet disposition you have few, if any, acquaintances, and not one friend and your own fortune I will do posit with the Harding, in Australia, who are trustworthy folks, and can give you excellent security and good advice, which, of course, you won't take you never did." "No, or I certainly should never have married you," anBworod Mrs, Lovibond, sharply. J' Your cool, sarcastic tongue has nearly driven me mad and had it not been for that we should have been happy enough." "Projr let bygones be bygones," said Mr. Lovibond ; " no amount of recrimi- nation or harking back will alter existing circumstances. The last year has verily been HndcB, to use no stronger expression, and the only thing left us is to get out of the position in the best way we can." _ " Suppose Mr. Stone tells of us when his consideration Is spoilt, and blackmails us at intervals?" suggested Mw, Lovibond " As I believe giving a false certificate renders him liable to penal servitude for life," answered her husband, " he is hardly likely to be such a fool. I am not sure the amount of the punishment, but I know it's a heavy one. Still, naturally, I should never allow him to want that would be mean, after doing such a service. But come, time waxes short, I've on appointment at five with Stone, let me have your aiiawor-yes or no." " Of course it must be yes," said his wifooroBsly; only please tell me what I'm to do about clothes. " -"AH that you'll find Mr. Stone has ar- ranged," replied Mr. Lovibond. '* As soon as he's secured his body i he'll let us know, and off you go to do a decent death. Let me implore you," he added earnestly, " to endeavour to leave some of your temper in the silent tomb. Believe me, Lena, you can never hope for happiness as long as you give way to the demon inside you. No one had a better chance than you had with me. Not one man in a thousand, ' though I say it as shouldn't,' would have been as kind to you and as forbearing as I have boon." as Perhaps if you hadn't been so virtuous, it would have been better for me," faltered Mrs. Lovibond. " I might have been cured find you-" "Ah, well, it is too late to make nug gestions," intorruptodhor husband ; "look out for all that in No. 2, and be perfectly sure I shall not forbid the banns. It's a ridiculous law that binds us together, utterly lacking in common sense, and I for one should have no scruple in breaking it. However, after next week you and I cease to be husband and wife in a decent regular fashion, and I only hope you'll have fine weather for the voyage, and enjoy yourself in a land you have always been dying to see ;" and so saying, Mr. Lovibond walked off whistling to meet Mr. Stone, and make final arrangements for the carrying out of his unlawful plan! for breaking a Me that had become almost unbearable nearly as soon as it had been formed. ' . ? ' ' ' i 15 The worst of it was that before the marriage there was not one of Mr. I Lovick bond's friends and relations who had not ', warned him against Lena MR. (ward. Her temper had caused , the, death of her mother ; her father had died just' before her birth of a fit of delirium tremens not the first nor the second ; she had not a friend in the world) no companion had over lived three months in the same house with her.' Once she had squeezed a robin to death in her hands bocaUBO it peaked her instead of the sugar she was holding for it. Every thing was against, and nothing for a marriage that had brought nothing but misery in its train misery that was not lessened by the "I told you SO" expression that flitted across the relations countenances at a dinner party to which I they were all invited, the first and If only Christmas Mr.,! and Mrs. I Lovibond had ever endeavoured to keep and where Mrs. Lovibond distinguished i herself by, spilling the lighted brandy, all over the tablecloth, to convince Mr. Lovibond that the spirit had really, caught fire, even though she had persisted in igniting it herself in a manner entirely her own, and which took at least 10 minutes to accom- plish, while the pudding was cooling rapidly and the guests were all waiting to be served. ' t Not one of Mr. Lovibond's* numerous j circle was astonished to hear that Mrs. Lovibond's overstrained heart had given I way suddenly, and that she had been found dead in her bed at a friend's house, where she had been staying and when they also heard that the night before her death She had given way to an awful fit of temper, because Mr Lovibond declined to take the mansion they had gone down to inspect, they were one and all of the opinion that it was just what they had been expecting for years, and had often prophesied must happen sooner or later. And when the funeral was over, and her garments duly distributed, and her mighty bills all settled, there was not one; individual who did not honestly rejoice that poor Jack Lovibond's long martyrdom was over, and that at last he could be the jolly generous communion and relation he had been of old, ' before that little spitfire had come across his path. J Indeed, after the first year of Jack, .Lovibond's so-called mourning was over, he almost began to believe in the legend he himself had invented, and, in time, , ' altogether appeared to forget he had over been married. Not even to himself, certainly to no other individual, had he ever i confessed how terrible had been the life he had led with Long. At times he really deemed her mad and again, at times, he had been tempted to raise his hand to her and was only withheld by the dread lest Page should make his blow heavier than he intended, and result in murder, in- j stead of the wholesome correction she so richly deserved. ' He had pictured in his own mind their growing old altogether, each year more miserable than the last, each day and night more fraught with terror than those ', that had preceded them ; he had fancied himself unable to refrain from striking j her he had dreamed hideous dreams of his being tried for murder, of being hanged, and had often worked with the rope round his neck, and himself choking with the dread and anguish of his own I imagination, to find his wife striking and Blinking him for daring to disturb her own repose with his restlessness. Now all this was over and done with, and Mr. Lovibond was a free man, At first he had hardly believed his plan could really be successful ; but as months went by, and he had no news from Australia of his late wife, he began to trust that she was in truth dead, and that he was the widow or in reality that he appeared to be to the world. Mr. Harding had often communicated with him respecting the money he held in I trust for Mr. Lovibond's lady friend. He had written to tell how he had gone down to the ship to meet Mrs. Lawton, and how no Mrs. Lawton had appeared, albeit a passage had been duly paid for in that name, and as duly forfeited by the lady's non-appearance and all Mr. Lovibond could tell him was to keep the money until the owner turned up, for she was naturally of an eccentric nature, and no one over knew what she would do next. As surely as Mr. Lovibond had planned his widowhood, sosurolyandsocortainly had Mrs. Lovibond entirely and utterly disappeared, and though at times Mr. Lovibond felt he would rather know that she was safe in Australia, or had some idea of her whereabouts as months became years and years themselves passed on, he ceased entirely to think of her, save at the stated time when his friend sent him the interest of her fortune, which he as regularly despatched to some hospital, feeling sure that she must be dead in truth, and that this was the best way of disposing of money no power on earth should enforce him to spend himself. It was certainly a lonely miserable existence for any man, and doubly lonely and miserable for Mr. Lovibond, who, OF his wife often observed, had no JACOB, and cared only for a book and his fireside once the toils of the day were over. And when the end of the seventh year came, and brought with it no sign that Lorna was in the land of the living, Mr. Lovibond, possessed by the belief that a seven years' separation constituted a divorce as good as any over pronounced by Sir James Hannon, began to look about him, determined that this time, at least, no mistakes should be made, and that it would not be his fault if his future was not as happy as his past was wretched. And so, at 41, Lovibond began his life once more utterly different in every way. He seemed as if he had stepped into another world, where women wore ladies eager to make the host of life, and, only caring for the comfort of their husbands and children, scarcely thought of the outside world, save as a place in which they could forage for those dependent on their love and care and although Mrs. Lovibond No. 2 had a firm will, and never gave in when a principle was involved, i she managed her husband so successfully that he did not know he was managed, which is much the best way, after all, of getting round that natural enemy of the female Box-man. II was a curious life, too, monotonous and quiet, if peaceful and the days flowed by, until, one Sunday morning, i Mr. Lovibond woke with a start to IO i collect that he was fifty, just 50 that very day, and that his first wife had been dead rather more than 16 years. He had often talked of his miserable life to his present wife, but had never told her how mysterious and how wrong had been the manner of his parting with his first wife, and her disappearance. Once or twice, urged thereto by his conscience. he had been on the point of telling her the story is but _ whose over he had felt specially inclined to do so, the assurance that Mr. Stone had given him that he had better not do so, for Piiulmo would never marry him if he did, forced itself employ santly before him, and he felt he could not run the risk of Pauline's giving him up, and BO wrecking his life once more And na Pauline was Mr. Stone's own cousin, of course he must know more about her disposition than ever Iiory&cnce; did. Somehow or other, the fact that it was his birthday made Mr. Lovibond remember his first wife more forcibly than he had over done before, and he had almost concluded to tell J'nuliuo the whole story, when his children rushed into their room, laden with presents and good wishes, and the matter went straight 'out of his head. Yet for all that,' ununouBy ' fooling seemed to seize, him, and he felt oppressed, as if by a presentiment that something was about to happen of an unpleasant nature feeling that, perhaps, was accentuated by the ringing of church I bells, and the knowledge that the curate's sermon I was hanging over his devoted head ; but he took up the gloves and prayer-book brought to him by his wife, who was arrayed in a brand new, bonnet, to do honour to the occasion, and followed her without making one of the thousand excuses that were trembling on his tongue', finally reaching the church' in anything but a favourable frame of mind. ! Suddenly he became aware that a pair of eyes were fixed steadily upon him, and looking up from his devotions he saw the alas ! too well-remembered face of wife No. 1 gazing at him, and then at his wife and children, with a half scornful, half pitying look upon the face that was enough to drive anybody wild, and at once the situation struck Mr. Lovibond, and he felt as if the whole world was going mad. It was such an ordinary looking adair a good, safe, middle-class, orthodox Sunday gathering to all the on-lookers, | yet to him and that other wretched', cross turn containing the elements of gnaw ful tragedy that would bring down the fair fabric about his ears, and reduce his home in one moment to an abode of misery and despair. Mr. ¿pvibond could bear it no longer, and whispering to his wife that the heat of the church made him feel ill, he rose and hurriedly wont put into the open air, making almost me I chanically for his own house. I But the instant he rose, the woman in the opposite pow rose too, and gliding out quickly and quietly, came up to the unfortunate man, and, placing her hand on his arm, said I ' "I saw you remembered me, JackI t am glad indeed that old age has not altered me as much as I feared it had." a ' ' What have you returned forewoman ?" groaned the unfortunate husband, shaking off her detaining grasp, as if her mere touch was detestable to him. " Simply because I am very tired of living alone," answered she. " The old affection 1 once had for you has re-asserted itself. I pine to see you, Jack ; I never did like the idea of dying out of your life. You were bound to love and cherish me. I have never forfeited your love My temper was bad, I admit, but it was not my fault. I have an incurable disease, and I wanted to come back to you. You did love me once." i " I detest you now," said Mr. Lovibond fiercely. " But we cannot talk here you see how I am situated. I have a wife and children ; even if I did not have you and how I hate you I dare not say what would become of them if you carried out your kind intention of breaking up my home in order that you may die in my presence ? Die added he, laughing sardonically, you are dead; Sixteen years have you been sleeping in Kensal Green. Ghosts are out of date, madam ; how are you going to prove your case ?" "O, Jack, Jack," pleaded the unhappy woman, holding out her thin hands to him, " have pity on me I am your wife, you know I am," , "A nice wife you were " answered he, still more furiously. "You drove me mad with your tongue, you caused me to, commit a crime, and now, when I am happy, when I have loving children and a darling wife, you come to me, you break your compact, and return, actually con- templating that I shall upset all this to take to my arms a woman who made my life a hell upon earth. No ; 1 decline to acknowledge you. Go back to where you came from, unless you wish to be shut up as a lunatic." " I shall go to the person you call your wife and see what she says to the story," said Mrs. Lovibond, with a touch of her old malice. " It will look well in the daily papers at any rate. I have friends on the Press, and I possess a pen that can sting. It has kept me all these years ; now I will see if it cannot unmake you, you hypocrite, going to church and singing psalms and posing as living a godly life, when all the time you are keeping a mistress, and your children are-" But Mrs. Lovibond was never fated to got out this lost word, for, with a cry like a wild beast, Mr. Lovibond flew at her, and, shaking her madly, east her from him as if she were some fearful reptile he would destroy, and was turning to flee who know not where, when Mrs, Lovibond, after staggering a few steps forward fell heavily to the ground, where, sighing once ortwice,sndgivingaconvulBiveBhuddor,she stretched herself out wearily, and in one moment passed into a silence neither she nor any one else has ever had power to break. The suburb patronised by Mr. Lovibond had plenty to talk about that Sunday, and the inhabitants clearly saw the hand of Providence in the fact that Mr. Lovibond's exit from church had enabled him to assist the unfortunate stranger lady, who was found dead of heart dis- ease in the small plantation just behind the church porch, and whose name and family Mr. Lovibond was never able to discover, although he inserted more than one advertisement in The Times and other papers. But somehow or other Mr. Lovibond was never quite the same again after the shock of seeing his real wife die suddenly, almost by his hand, and he has never gained courage to tell Mrs. Lovibond No. 2 how very little right either able or the children have to bear his name and so once more, OB is so often the case in this well-ordered world of ours, the innocent still continue to suffer (albeit they know it not, and will not know it, until Mr. Lovibond's will is read out after his funeral for the guilty. London World. ADVICE TO MOTHERS) Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain or cutting teeth I Go at once to a chemist and got a bottle of Mrs Winslow's SOOTHING Svnur It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately It is perfectly harm- less and pleasant to taste, and produces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button" It soothes the child, It softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the flowers, and in the boat known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes Mrs Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by medicine dealers everywhere at is 11d per bottle RUNS Goon lirsoLUTioNH -At the commencement of every now >our hundreds and thousands of ourloung mankind old as will-form resolutions for their gala dance for the coming year Many keep them, while others break them to such a task to give a word of advice. In order to sustain our determinations of lead)! a better We in the future you should use Hop Bitters the judicious use of Hop Bitter strengthens, cleanses, and purifies the stomach, bowels, blood, The, nerves, and kidneys, and is just what you want to build up and lflilgorato>oursolf Gnovjush item lead. THAT HUSBAND on Mike is three times the man he was before he began using " Wells' Health Re newer " Druggists Moses Moss and Co., Sydney General Agents ' '2 IM?'"" I 