FICTION. (From Kaiill.b, «mirlcH, Bud otß.r Periodical».) CHAPTER IX1X PHILIP PAXÏOK'S LBTTBB. With those last words, Philip mude a low obeisance, and was gone from tbe room almost betöre Lady Elaine could collect her BJfcttered, astonished ganses. But his white, agonized face, bia trembling, pallid lips, his suppressed tones, and the convulsive heaving of his ohest, haunted her all the night through. She could not sleep, but lay tossing restlessly upon her pillow hour after hour. She reproached herself over and over again tor the haTBb and scornful laagnage which she had used to bim, and felt condemned for having manifested to much aversion and so litt'e Christian charity. let, when she reviewed all Alley's sad story, the eould not feel that anything, however severe, wets too ty>d to eay to the author of her misery. He deserved to be deeply humiliated, if it was possible for him to experience any such feeling. His treatment of Arley had been too shameful, too heartless and reprehensible to be ever forgiven, yet, there bad been one redeemable thing, In his confession of his love for her. And still what sort of love covld it be that could neglect and ignore a sick and almost djl»g wife that could turn a cold shoulder and a deaf ear to her every need and appeal, leaving her to the questionable mercy of «tungera in a foreign country. She was beset and barragaed with coDflictlng emotions-first with pity and sorrow for his evidently awakened and smarting conscience, then with hot indignation and ecorn for what be had done. The next morning she told Lady Hamilton that she waa going on a little trip out of London ; that she could take her maid, and be gone a couple of days, perhaps longer. L*dy Hamilton questioned her as to the object of her journey, and she evasively replied that it was something in connection with Jane Collins. She took the afternoon train for Portsmouth, that famous seaport town, which is the home of BO many Captaios and men who follow the ocean, She feared that it might be a " wild-gooae chase" that ebe was bent upon, end ibe was somewhat op- pressed with the weight of ber mission ; but she felt that it was one of vital importance, and she had re- solved to leave no stone unturned until she had accomplished it, or- the hope of its accompliBhmeat should be utterly blaited. She was in search of the captain of that vessel .^^M^w^m^^^^t^ol^Z was barely possible-to be Arley'a parents. She took a room in one of the hotels upon arriving at Portsmouth, and after a few hour's rest, set dili- gently about her inquiries She was more successful than shs dared to hope ehe should be, for she found that Captain Conway the former commander of the " Black Swan"-wes well known, since his horne had been in that city for many years. He was old and infirm now, ehe was told, and had j given up a sea-faring life and settled down in his cozy home to spend the remainder of his days with his good wife and children. Lady Elaine's object in coming to him was to leam, if possible, the name of the couple whom be bad rescued, and also the name of the veBael on which they had sailed from India; and having obtained his address she drove directly to hil house. She was told upon her arrival that the old sailor was quite sick, but upon sending word to him what the nature of her errand was, he said he would gladly see her end relate to her all that he knew r»¿ardÍDg the ead circumstances to which she referred. She became quite nervous and excited while the . servant was conducting ber to his chamber-sbe had koped so much from this interview, and now she began to fear lest it should amount to nothing, We may not go with her into that Bick chamber» far we cannot know, just yet, the natura of the Conference which followed; but when the fair Lily of Mordnunt came forth again, her lovely face was flushed and her oyes swollen with weeping, and yet there waa a smile of ineffable, tenderness and happi neiB wreathing her sweet lips. Aa she took her seat i» the carriage to be driven away, another burst of tears overpowered her, but it soon passed, and she looked like some lovely flower refreshed after a shower, " Arley, Arlej my darling, if everything proves to be as I have reason to hope, and if I can only find you," she murmured in such a tender, yearning voice, " you need be nameless no longer ; and, oh I how glad I am, that /can be the one to bring these bles- sed tidings to you." ****** After leaving Lady Elaine, Philip Paxton rushed madly from the hotel, and hastening to hi« lodgings buried himself in his own rooms. Throwing himself prone upon his bed, just as be was, he spent the night in an agony of remorse, such .s a thoroughly awakened guilty conscience is alone capable of, and as he afterwards confessed, " in hating himself with all his might," Morning found him wan and haggard, but with a better light in his eye than bad shone there for many along month. "Is my manhood or my honor all gonef" he groantd, us be Brose und looked et himself in the glass, and wondered if it could be possible that he wes tbesnme being that he had been two years before, when, with a light heart and a clear conscience, he bad worked from morning till sight, his chief aim being to build up a practice of which he should be proud, and to be able to eay in future years,'ne be looked back from a high position in the world : " See to what I have attained by my own efforts and my integrity !" But how ha had been tempted, and to what depths bad he fallen 1 Pride and paBsior, evil thoughts and wrong-doing bad left their fell impresa upon bim, and the better nature which bad been stirred 'within him, shrank from the face which looked forth upon him. " How I have warped and defiled myself !" he j pursued, "can I ever become a good man ogain ?" I i can never hope for pardon-I can never hope for happiness eg tin ; but oh ! if I might but bridge over < the slough in which I have wallowed, p isa to the \ other aide avid begin anew-if there «a an; other 1 side for me," he added, wearily. "What ft fool I have been!" he continued, fiercely, as witk clenched hands and a stern, set face, he pac d the room back and forth like some enraged wilt beat, " how she must despise me-how her very tones rang with contempt and aversion! I wonder if the torments of the lost cnn be any worse than what I sifiered laBt night, BB I stood there be- fore that pure and beautiful woman, feeling myself to be like some hideously deformed wretch, soiled, blackened, and defiled through and through " "Arley, Arley!" he suddenly cried out, in an in- tense, remorseful tone; "how could I ever have been such a kmave ? I know nsw what I have lost. I have known it all along, but I have been mod, wild, dimonxsti Ahl I shall never forget how sweetly your voice founded, when you stood beBide me in the court- room in Madrid, and urged me sot to ' waste my life thus'-to 'be the true- hearted man you believed me to be when you first knew me,' and begged me so earnestly to come back to England with you. Oh, why-why was I ¡so blind and I hardened that I would not heed you F But it it too late now, I have lost you forever, though your gentle entreaties will ¡in; in my ears *s long aa I live. Oh, fool, idiot, that I have been !" All d»y long tbe wretched man battled with him- self-with the ev'I spirit, the stubborn will and pride that had so long ruled bim with such arbitrary power. All day long he waa alternately besieged with anger at his folly and remorse and grief over bis ruined life. Having once again realized and acknowledged his love for Arley, there had come into bia heart euch a ruth of passionate longing far her, such a wild, despairing regret over the affection which be bad scorned and trampled upon, as bowed the streng man like a reed laid prostrate by some fierce tempest. Night coming on again fouad him exhausted, and hia worn-out nature succumbed to a deep and dream- less slumber, which steeped his senses in grateful oblivion until far into the hours of another day. 4 Almost like a ghost of himself looked Philip Pax- ton when be at last arose and dressed. For more than thirty-six hours he bad not tasted food or drink, and be waa aa weak and trembling as a ha- bitual drunkard who has been deprived of hie accustomed stimulants, But there was a new purpose in his face, which was grave to sternness, while his Ups and eyes were resolute. He went to a coffee-house and breakfasted, then to his old chambers-Fray'e Inn-which ' had been so deserted. He spent the day in putting them in order, and the next morning the London Times contained a notice culling attention to the feet that "Philip Paxton attorney-at-law, had returned from abroad, and was prepared to resume his business." That he had been a good lawyer was proved by his former patrons at once pouring in upoa him, until, within a week he was flooded with work, and the idle, dissolute man of six months previous was bend- ing etery energy to the task which be had imposed upon himself. A month after this good beginning, he might have been seen writing far into the night, while his pala face, compressed lip?, and troubled brow told that he was engaged upon no pleasant work ; and when at last it was finished, he threw down his pen and laid w.^u^nJhM ohai«.ioitb.iuucrlvt))atrefijö!/nfisS''Ve'itf(5V how you may be situated, but, believe me, I hope you are much more comfortable and happy than I ever made you. Why I write you at this time, is because I wish to make you what restitution I CBH, and while I have it in my power to do so. I have also a con teasion to make to you. Heaven knows that my treatment of you has been bad enough, but you do Dot yet know all the wickedness and beartlessness of which I have been guilty. I was mad, almost to insanity, over the loeBof your fortune, and the fact that you persisted in thwarting me by giving it up, and something possessed me to make you as unhappy and uncomfortable as I could for it. How well I ' succeeded you alone know. But, to make my con- fession complete, I must tell you that before marrying you I bed already proposed to Lady Elaine Warbur- ton, Ambition had whispered, ' Secure her magnifi- cent fortune, and a charmed life will be yours,' She refused me, and then, with a sullen stubbornness not to be buffldd in my money-getting, I resolved to win you and your twenty thoasand pounds. Had you both been poor girls and I a better man, I should have sought you alone, and then set myself bravely to work for the treasure I had won ; for I lovedyou yeB, really and truly-aa well BB my greedy nature would allow me to love any one beside myself, ) " But it ill becomes" me to speak of this now, I believe that you would have finally won me toa i better life by your sweet patience and gentleness, if i it had not been for that letter which you received from Annie Vane, telling you of Wil Hamilton's death, i From that moment it seemed as if all the furies of the lower regions were whispering in my ears, 'Lady Elaine is free, and ii you were, also, a dukedom and a magnificent fortune might yet be yours.' "It seems tome now tkat I must have become insane" upon the subject, for no one in his right mind could have nourished the fiendish purpoae which took possession of me, and from which now my whele soul revolts-that of releaang myself from the bonds which united me to you, returning to England, and winning Lady Elaine, if I could. " Tou know how I schemed for a divorce end failed. But, Arley, I was never nearer throwing off the shackles which bound me, and trying to become a good man, worthy of yon, than when you came to me after the court and pleaded with me so patiently and earnestly, Bnt the money-fiend stilt beckoned me, and I turned a deaf ear to you, resolve ing to return to England, file a petition for a divorce, feeling sure you would not oppose me again, and then try to achieve my purpose regarding Lady Elaine. " You donbt!e8s wonder how I obtained means to do all this, knowing that I was almost penniless when you left me; and now comes tbe mest humiliating portion of my confession. Arley, i entered your room one day, during your absence, and stole the contenta of your jewel-casket. Yes, I am a thief with all the rest. I meant to take your diamonds only and sell them ; but, doubtless, you were wearing them, for they were not in the box, "I found, however, to my intense surprise, a hundred-pound note, and no miser, coming suddenly upon unexpected treasure, ever gloated more than I over the eight of that English money, Á portion of it I used to gamble with, and double my stake, Thrice I did this in different places, and then came home. " Tour jewels are all safe ; my gaming operations had been so successful that I decided to reserve them for a future emergency, and as that is not likely to occur, since I hope, like one oE old, I 'am come to my- self.' I am spared the additional shame of having pawned my wife's jewelB-the treasured mementoes of happier days. > t shall inclose them in a package with this, also the hundred pounds, with interest, and leave them in my safe, directed to you, so that in case anything happens to me before I can ascertain where you are to send them to you, you will be surs to get them upon your return. " This is all the restitution that I am able to make I you at present ; but I have rusumed my old business I fand as I am prospered I will deposit a sum, from month to month, in the Bank of England to yoni I account, so that in the future you need lack no I comfort that money can buy. ' " Something tells me that von will scorn this, coming from one who has used you so badly; but, Arley, if you could know the tortures which I now suffer over the guilt of the past year, you would net bave the heart to add another pang to my misery you, would, at least, allow me the comfort of feeling that my eff >rts to atone, ae far as may be, for the wrong I have done you are not entirely fruitless. I can almost see the proud curl of your Ups ss you read this, and hear you ask : 'What has brought about this radical change ? What has induced him at this late hour to begin over again, when nothing seemed to have power to turn him so short a time ago ?' It is because I have seen a picture of myself as I am, and it was drawn too, by a vivid and no gentle hand* I have been shocked, electrified into new life, morally How f Let further confession answer. I will not spare myself-my humiliation shall be compete. "Ireturned to England immediately after you left Madrid, expecting to find you here and our affairs the subject of every gossiping tongue. But you were not here ; no one knew anything, and the field wftB clear for me to do what I liked. I im- mediately applied to a ' broker in divorces,' who advertise» to secure them ' without any unpleasant publicity,' and meanwhile I set myself to work to 'Scare my other game/ " Lady Elaine was in town- I managed to gain access to her presence, and then employed every artifice to make myself agreeable to her. Believe me, not because my base soul held one spark of real love for her-I was not capable of that, for gold alone had become my god, and I had sworn to poa Bess myself for a fortune at any cost, Do you pity me for a dolt-an idiot, and say I might have known what the result wonld be ? 1 could- not beve won her under any circumstances, least of all now, for her heart is in poor Wil Hamilton's grave wherever that may be, and she is wedded to his memory. I told her a tiBsue of falsehoods-any > thing I could think of to make her believe me an I injured, deserted husband ; told her that you had I gone away with another man ; that you refused to | remain with me because I could not give you the luxuries to which you had been accustomed, etc, But by some means-I know not what-she learned the truth and when I went to her and made my wicked proposals, she [turned upon me like an avenging angel, and if ever a man waa made to realize his moral deformity and bideousness, and made to hate himself as something too loathsome for earth, I am that man, I oannot repeat what ehe said, but she made me see that morally I was like some one who has bad an eruptive disease in ile worse form, and barely escaped with his life-whose vital forces have perhaps been renewed, but who had been so didfigured by the terrible ordeal throußh whieb he haa psseed, as to be absolutely repulsive even to those who had been his best friends, and 1 cause them to turn from him with disgust. Looking 1 upon auch a wreck as this, is it to be wondered at 1 that I recoiled from myself with horror ? « Only one thing more and I will weary you no longer. As soon as I came to myself I stopped all _._.:_»__--».- »-.-?» ..-»i»anuai,'_Kinu, and true, and the perjury of the thing appalled me. It remains for yotvto take that step, and you have every right and reason to do so, and I assure you that whatever you may see fit to do in the future, I will remain perfectly passive in the matter-1 will never wilfully cause you Bnother pang, nor trouble of any kind, wbile I live. You shall be free if you desire ; I will strive never to meet you nor offend you with my presence, and whatever sentence may be passed upon me, I will bear it patiently and in silence. But, oh ! Arley ! Arley ! A line had been drawn through those last few words, as if they had been unwittingly wrung from him in a moment of passionate pain and remorse when, as if suddenly recollecting himself, he had stopped and tried to obliterate them ; then he had closed with this almost despairing appeal : " I have told you all now-my heart is laid bare before you, even as it is before the eye that searches every soul ; you know all my folly, weakness, and wickedness. " I do not ask your forgiveness-I have no right to ask it ; but sometime-when, perhaps, long years have softened somewhat your sense of wrong and pain-if you should chance to leam that I am honestly striving to attain to better things- to regain my lost manhood-will you not let a little divine compassion into your heart and breathe one single prayer-I should know it and feel its influence, though the world dividad us-for "PHILIP PAXTON?" Such was the confession of this man, who bad bung suspended, so to speak, over an awful preci- pice, and who, looking in helpless and dizzy horror into the depths where be was about to pluage, had been snatched back by a rude, but merciful band, and now, weak and faint, but resolute, waa strug- gling to get away from the pit that had so nearly proved his ruin. If the 'Lily of Mordaunt' had never performed an- other noble action during her whole life, the rough jprobing to which ehe had subjected Philip Paxton'e soul, the truthful picture which she bad painted in such vivid colors of his moral depravity, waking his soul to consciousness and better purposes, was a vic- tory which must have won a brilliant star in ber celestial crown, and made joy in beaven over the sinner who repenteth. | After sitting awhile in sad muBing, Philip Paxton aroused himself to fold the thickly written sheets be- fore him, though bis hands shook visibly while doing it ; then taking a bank-note from his pocket-book, he inclosed it with the letter in an envelope, and drawing toward him a small box which lay upon the desk, he made the whole up into a neat package, and addressed it to Mrs. Philip Paxton, Openisg a small drawer at his left hand he laid it carefully within, shut and locked the drawer again, and the next moment his head dropped forward upon his hands, while great, deep sobs shook him from head to foot. It was as if he bad just buried forever from his eight the dearest ojbect of his life-and he had. For, henceforth, be felt that Arley would be naught but a sweet memory to him ; one whose beauty, gentle nee?,, and value he had, all too late, learned to ap- preciate, and who was as completely lost to him as if she were really dead and had been laid to rest in the bosom of the earth. 