TnE CUP DaY. The second 'day of the Spring racing season has passed with considerable eclat in spite' of the unpleasant state of the weather, and the attendance was large, the public evidently determining to brave the rain, there was the usual display of costly dresses and apparel notwithstanding. The grand stand was filled almost entirely with ladies who took refuge under the friendly shelter of the roof and in consequence prre sented an exceeddingly gay appearance. Shortly after the rain abated and the sun sOlowed signs of an appearance. the supper: stand was filled The result of'the Derby did not take many people byy!laprise. The horse, which is a powerful animal, is 0f a sluggish disposition and requires .alarge amount of pushing to.msnake him move. With HTles up it was said that he would never do the distance and..the knowing ones decided thcat White had determined to win with 'Urllhs; wvhiehI w.is in other words equivalent to a scratching, or nearly so. When, however, the jockeys were changed, the result which wna perhaps. not anticipated,was not surprising. 'The driy was a Nordenfcldt day without doubt and the heavy ground was all there for the winner. Thie -ra'nl on S:aturday and Sunday if it put masny to ,eor,nvenience saved many more from great -worry pst the day of the Cup. -It laid the dust, cooled the air, poid put the course in splendid order, The grass had been trodden into mud in lpiecs where the crowd was thickest but freshened up eversywhocre else and looked green and beautiful. Visitors to the metropolis of jVictoria are here en iasse, every hotel crowded, couches and billiard tables being only available for short siestls, It is really whllt is termed Queen's weather in the old country atls co anxious were ladies to secure good seats in the grand stand, that they were seen wending their way to the rahilwy station before 10 o'clock. The Governors ofthis and the adjoining colonies were present with their suites, and both the stand and lawn might be fairly compared to Epsom or to the more aristo cratic Royal circle Ascot. The lawn in fact was a perfect flower garden as far as the . beauties of. ladies toilettes were concerndd. The sight on the hill was an exciting one and was wholly different from uany other part of the course. Eacl portion set apart for the different classes of peo]ple who pat ronised them according to the extent of their pockets, present a different spectacle. Tie dresses of the ladies on the lawn and in the stand were of the usual magnificent style, and-if anything outshone:thlose of any previous :occasions. • It is a:u excedijngly dflfiillt mattei to follow the events running so quickly tileho ,one upon the other as the races of a Cup day. The events on Tuesday last were of a description characteristic of the day and accidents : were remarkable : by :their? abselce, There have been so many Cups described by many able pens from yea?, to _yag that! perhaps an attempt to do so on this occa sion imerely becomes a repetition of former narratives. Op this occasion I believe the niiumber of people present wi?nO?bbo?v thlt of any former occasion, and although' th?it is usually said of eveiy' Cip "meeting, still when one takes intod;consideration "the figures of those who travelled by :rcll; land the estimiate of those who camne by the roaid or otherwise, if there be any other mode, except by the river whliich is scarcely worth entioing. . The Cup race was one of h fihi?e sights of the kind ever seen on the coiuse. A nmagnificent fleld of thirty-five starters were got away after some little: trouble at six minutes past the hlour fci' starting, and the horses come with a perfect rash past the stanid? The pace 'sas made qircker.Ap parently as the progressed, and the whliole 'came to ths finish as'close together as'they bould possibly well come after such . run with Slieet Anchloi Nordenfeldt, .Griice Darling, Trenton and some ethers well te the front." The Cup field was i picture 'withlin itself as the thirty-five horses faced the' stater. ' Prometheus made the running for part of the way, with Liverpool, Kit Nubbles, and Brown 'and Rose as attend ants, but when it.dame,to racing, Sheet Anchor, Grace DiDrling, and Trenton were left to 'finish b. noble battle in the order :named.; - ordonfoldt was fourth, Liverpool fifth, and Brown trnd Rose sixth. The MIelbo'drn'. Cup, the great racing carnival of the jea'-, was celebrated on Tuesday with imore than ordinary success, in so fnar as find weather, good racing, and iiu immeis'e attendanice weire concerned, liut it was early evident that the accom mihodation was insufficient. The following are the details of the day's racing : -iALwar STnArs.- sweep liof 3 sovs. each, ' with 100 added. Weight for age. One mileand a quarter. DI. Locke's hi c sonomy, by Winterlake \--?iby, :1 yrs., 7 st. 11... 1 T. O' Shaassys" ?br c Feirst Pr.Ince, 'i yrs., S :t. lib., iucliding 7lb. p1enalty 2 A. Davies's b g baron Necker; 3 yrs., 7 st. 9 lb ... . ... ... ... 3 Parwon and Perchance also started. Isonomy uit- out the' ruining from th( faidlof the flag, and won hard held. Time 2min. 14.Isee. -KENSINGTON STAKES.-A sweep of 10 sovs each, with 250 added. The winner to.be :sold for 300 sovs. Five furlonigs. L. Watson's ch f Maddelina, by Neckers gAt-.Meg 'hfrrilles,i8 st. .. s '. i r... W. D. Robertson's b f The Nun, 8 st .... " J. H. Hill's b c Telephone, 8 sý. 51b. ... Mainsail, Brigantine, and ;Aspramonte aIso started. ' .. ' ... :, ' Telebphne'w. the first to shov iniifrint but.he soon had to give way to Maddelina Shoh ivbn-ili a canter. 'The' Nunimade ,a fair show iii the race, but the others weic outpaced from the distaiice.: Time, liimm HURDLa i A..- handicap. sweeps of, I "sovsi' e 'ch, with 250 adeed; second horse to receive .50- sov s. out; of the stake About thiee niles, ,' . A. C-ozier's hiim Ruby aged hy Lapi dist-Mincepie, 9 st.- 11 lb' ..." J. Mayo's: b lh'Ravensworth, 4 yrs., 10 S st. 4 lb; . .. .. . .: .....;..., -..: .. W. Pearson's.b m G-?salier, G yrs'.10 slOt: 6 lb. . .. ... ... . ... . '. Duration, Royal Maid, Insolvency, Mis take, Agitation, Student, and Brigand also started. Ruby iwon easily. .Time 5min. 33sec. ME LOUN-r Cpr.-A handicap sweep o S20' sos.- elch, withl 1000 .added. ,.TIhc second horse to receive 360 soS.e, -an'd the third 200 sovs.e out of the stake. Twc Sm iles.: . . .. . .[ t M; Loughlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged;" by St. Albans-Queen Mary; 7 st. 11" lb. (0,'Brien) 1 J. G. Reid's ch min Grace Darling, 6 yrs;. , .'7 12,lb.. . . '(Williams) ..:2 DB O'Brien's li h Trentoiin,4. yrs., 7 st. 7; 131b ... ..(Robertsoi) : Blink Bonny, Acolyte, LordIWilton, Toni : Brown, iKit Nubbles, Cbriolanus Bos'drtlit, SWarwick, St. Laurence; Plausible, Liver pool, Prometheuss, Dunloip, Thunmderbolt Stornaway, Velocipede, Hilltop,. St. John, Lord Exeter, Despot, Brown and Rose, Wing, Nordenfoldt, Britisher, First Chester Metal, Arsenal, Minerva, Cyclops, Yellow Hammer; Cerise and Blue, and'Lesbia dls: started. After some delay at the start, Brown and Rose: was the first to show in fronti closely followed by Trenton, Grace Darling. Despot and Lord Exeter; the others all in a cluster. The race was a grand one from beginning to .end, the winner landing*thl race by half a fieck 'frosi Grasc Darlingi who beat Trenton by half a head, a neelk separating him from Nordenfeldt. Time, 3min. 291sec., the fastest on record. NURSERY , HJnDICaP.t-A : sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added; second horse to receive 50, and the third 25 sos,, out of the stake, Five furil?igs. W. A, Long's b c Yellow Jacket, by The Drummer-Baroness, 7st. 41b ... .1 B. Gray's 3 or br c Retort, 6st. 121b. . M. Bryant's ch f Clelia, 6st. 711). .... 3 Louise Berta, Munwyrtina, Trojan, Utopia, Lord Chailcellar, Damocles, Cross fire, Dividend, St. Paul, Devotion, T'?stma risk, Micawber, Fernandez, Essie, Mistral, Trishna, Alpha, Anbnyma, and Dtifferiii also started. Time, Imin. 2sec. - TnH YA,. YEAN STAKES.-A . handicap .-sie;ep of 3-' sovs. each; bwith 'i10'0?dded!: J. Whlittinghlam's ch h Merrimu, by Argus Scandal-Chiffonniere, 4 yrs., 7sf. l01b..,, .' ._ ....' • "....",, .(. ... 1 D. S.' Wallaee's b ih' Obhilstoi, aged, 8st. 121b.. ... ... 8 W. A, Filgato's br hl Lavington, 4 yrs., 7st.41b. ,, . , . .. 3 Lantern, Middleniirlh, Staffoid, The Ghost, The Agent, Fernlea, Signor, Juanna, Marie Louise,,Muscat,. Kingship, Agatha, Meerschauinm, Egbert, His Jarley, Bon Bon All Black, Phaon, and Ragumail alsc started. Time, Imin. 421sec. 