The V.B.C. Spring Heeling DERBY DAY. [By Telegraphj . Melbourne, November 1. [From our own^Reporter.] That the ^ophl&rity; of the V.B.C. Spring Meeting has not yet reached its height was convincingly prove! on Saturday, when, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the attendance was the larjgest ever known at Flemington _on a Derby Day.. The .prominence obtained to the Caulfield Cap during the last few years may have curtailed the Interest in the Melbourne Cup from a speculative point of view, but:with the public the V.R.C. Spring Meeting is a greater attraction than ever, and upwards of 40,000 people braved the rain on Saturday to witness what promised to be the most interesting -Derby yet decided. After coming down .steadily during the greater part of the night the rain ceased about 8 o'clock in the morning, and .there seemed a chance of a fine afternoon, but before 11 o'clock it set In wet again, and although the fall was light there was no cessation until just before the Maribyrnong Plate was run. Under these circumstances a limited attendance was looked for, but early visitors to the course found the Stand and paddock fairly filled, and before the first race started the hill and fiat were alive with people. The discomforts of weather did not deter a groat number of ladies from honouring the occasion, and when the rain ceased there was the usual promenading in front of the Stand and on the Lawn, but very few ladies patronised the saddling portion of the paddock, which constant traffic had reduced to a very slopDy state. The Government House party, whieh was a large one and included Sir William Robinson, arrived in time to witness the first race, and stayed until Nordenfeldt had triumphantly vindicated the public opinion afi to his merits by winning the Darby. Favourites were wonderfullly successful, Albanus being the only outsider that won during the afternoon, and the bookmakers have never had a worse day, though when Navigator won the Derby and Narina the Maribyrnong Plate the balancing of accounts was much in favour of backers. From first to last the racing was worthy of Flemington, and a grander struggle than that between Nordenfeldt and First Chester has never been witnessed. No one knew what had won until the Judge gave his decision, and the suspense was prolonged through Mr. Wakely making a mistake and putting up Uralla's number instead of Nordenfeldts. Many telegraphists not well acquainted with the hones, seeing No. 10 hoisted, wired Uralla away as the winner before the Judge corrected his blunder by exhibiting No. 3. A feature in the proceedings was the reappearance of Mr. George Watson with the Starter's flag, and the veteran, who adorned the shelter of an overcoat, was loudly cheered as he cantered through the rain to start the horses in the Melbourne Stakes. There were eleven withdrawals from the Melbourne Stakes, leaving eight runners, and when Ringmaster was known to be a starter he was quickly made a favourite. Sheet Anchor, Honeydew, and Mozart all received support; but Trenton was in more deaiaad than any of those, and at the finish he touched 5 to 2, getting off well. Robertson kept the New Zealander moving all the way, and when Sheet Anchor took up the running at the home turn Trenton and Ringmaster were the only others left with a chance, and though Robertson seemed to be at work on Trenton below the distance the son of Musket won very easily in the last 100 yards. There was a rush to see how Trenton pulled up, and opinions differed very much as to whether his condition is likely to stand him to the end of a severe race like the Melbourne Cap. A very moderate field contested the Hotham Handicap, and after Comet had been made favourite at 3 to 1 he receded to the same price as Lesbia. Agitation cut out the work for some distance, but half a mile from home Signor went to the front and led into the straight. Here the black was passed by Mentmore and Lesbia, and the mare won a fine race by about half a length, with Signor, Comet, and Genoa very close up. The friends of Duration were very confident about him winning the Hurdle Race, and consequently The Agent's backers had only to lay 6 to 4 on the little chesnut. Daration put his chance out by hitting a hurdle at the back of the course, and when The Agent entered the straight first the race seemed all over, but Gasalier stuck to him most persistently, and many thought the chesnut had to put his best leg foremost to get home by a length from Mr. Pearson's mare. Three quarters of an hour elapsed between this race and the Maribyrnong Plate, and as the rain had stopped the saddling paddock was well attended. The corner where Hales and Ellis were standing with Mr. White's blueand \- white colours on was thronged with people anxious to get a look at the beautiful little Acme, and the filly was so well liked that she shortened to 2 to 1 before the flag fell. Blairgowrie and Chesham were both very much admired, though the former did not look as fit as Acme. The lot were very well behaved at the post, and after one or two partial breakaways the flag went down, and as the sixteen came charging up the straight it was seen that Maddelina was distinctly the first to get away, and she led over the tan crossing. Before half the distance, however, was gone Hales let Acme out, and shooting to the front sne came on to the course proper with such a lead that the race was clearly seen to be all over. Blairgowrie and Louise Berta followed Acme past the distance, but at the finish'Maddelina, who had lost her place through running unkindly, came again under the whip, and passing Blairgowrie and Louise Berta secured the £200 attached to second place. Acme won as easily as did Palmyra in 1879, and with this filly and Phillip Augustus Mr. White should sweep off all the good two-year-old races this season. Maddelina's forward running was a surprise to the stable, as she cut up very badly in a trial with Trojan on Tuesday, and apparently she will only race for Weasel The time r was very fast considering the state of the course. The Selling Race provided a very cloBe finish, and then attention was turned to the Derby, which was set down for half an hour later than usual. The withdrawal of Ringmaster left eight to do battle. The different candidates were eagerly scanned when unclothed, and they were generally pronounced the best-looking lot ever saddled for the Derby. Isonomy, who was put to rights in the centre paddock, was greatly liked, and so was Thunderbolt, though both would probably, have been the better for a rousing gallop or two. Nordenfeldt was the fittest of them all, and his backers were not sorry to see ElliB substituted for Hales at the last moment, owing to the stable preference for Uralla. Mr. White and his friends superintended the saddling of the filly, while the colt walked about comparatively neglected, and the attention paid to Uralla caused people to go and back her. Donlop was very nervous, and broke out into a sweat directly he came into the paddock. After being saddled outside and away from the crowd he arrived at the post looking as thongh he had been hosed, and those who had backed him on his early morning form would have been glad to get out of their money. First Chester, who so nearly won, thanks to the false pace at which the race was run, received very little notice, and no attention was paid to Remus, but Winchester was much admired. The race is fully described elsewhere. Unfortunately for Nordenfeldt and Isonomy, nothing was anxious to make a pace, and they were travelling very slowly until Quinn went to the front with Isonomy. From the mile-post to the entrance to the straight the Adelaide colt waE going strong and well, but after passing the distance he died away and left Nordenfeldt and First Chester to fight out the finish. For a few strides First Chester appeared to be winning easily, but inch by inch the favourite crept up to him, and then to the horror of the latter's backers First Chester distinctly cannoned his opponent and knocked him bHfcP' Nordenfeldt again got np alongside his long- legged rival, only to be interfered with a second time, and very few horses would have continued to struggle after such a disappointment at the end of a race, but on Ellis straightening him and ap- plying the* whip And spurs again, the gallant 8onbF*Muiket answered like a bulldog, and just got his head in front as he anddQ^ outsider flashed past the Judge's box. There was a scene of excitement until' NOrdenfeldt's number was hoisted, ahdgreatindignation was expressed at Kelso's riding of First Chester. Had the,.latter won he would in all probability have been disqualified, but as far -as his'rider was concerned I think he 'was blameless -in the matter, the boy being "too exhausted to Control his mount when he began to hang out from distress. There was some talk of bringing Kelso before the Stewards, but nothing came of it. Winchester passed Thunderbolt and Isonomy. in the ran home, and gained third place, and Uralla finished absolutely last. The - time was very slow, but this was due to nothing making a pace, and those who pooh- pooh Nordenfeldt's Cup chance will probably find that he will beat First Chester easily enough in that race. Only five horses were backed for the Coburg Stakes, several slippery customers evidently not being wanted on this particular voyage. .Lantern ran a great horse under his weight, but he faad to-knock under to-the leniently treated -Bohemian, while Merrimn would probably'have been in front of Mr. Crozier's horse if he had not been shut in at the home turn. The following are the results:— MELBOURNE STAKES. A sweepstakes of S SOTS, each, 2 ft, with 300 added; second horse to receive eo BOYS, out of the stake. For three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. One and a quarter miles. Mr. D. O'Brien's b.c. Trenton, by Musket— Idalia, 4 yrs., 9 si. (Bobertson) 1 Mr. M. Loughlin's br.h. Sheet Anchor, aged, 9 St. 4 lb. (M. O'Brien) 2 Mt. J. Wilson, jun.'s b.f or br. c. Ringmaster, Syre., 7 St. 11 lb. (Moore) 3 Mr. M. Bjyant's br.h. Bosworth, aged, 9 st. 4 lb. (Bran). Mr. J. Whittingham's br.h. Prometheus, 6 yn, 9 st 4 lb. (Trahan). Bon. W. A. Long's b. or br. c. Honeidew, 4 yrs., 9 st (Colley). Mr. W. Field's b. or br. c. Mozart, 4 yrs., 9 st. (Bammage). Mr, F. Henty's b.c. Cyclops, 3 yrs., 7 st 11 lb. (Sanders). Betting—7 to 4 agst. Ringmaster, 6 to 2 agst. Trenton, 7 to 1 agst. Honeydew, 8 to 1 each agst Sheet Anchor ana Prometheus. They all got away on even terms, with the exception of Bosworth, who was very alow on bis legs. The first to begin galloping were Bingmaster and Trenton, those two leading Sheet Anchor, Prometheus, and Honeydew to the milepost, when Bosworth rushed through his field and .was leading three lengths at the bridge. Trenton and Honeydew were «leaag on-tbe veteran as they-ran to the abattoirs, with Sheet Anchor and Cyclops just heading Bingmaster, the rear being brought up by Mozart At the sheds Trenton caught Bosworth, the pair being followed by Honeydew, Cyclops, Bingmaster, and Prometheus; but coming to the turn Sheet Anchor ran up on the inside, ana he and Cyclops came into the straight side by side with Trenton and Bingmaster in pursuit. The outsider was soon done with, and bneet Anchor held the lead to the distance, where Trenton challenged, and quickly getting the measure of the Ballarat horse, he gradually drew away and won easily by half a length. Bingmaster was dose up third, with Prometheus fourth, and Cyclops "fifth, Mozart, Honeydew, and Bosworth cantering in together. Time, 2 min. 16} sec. ' ' HOTHAM HANDICAP. A-sweepstakes of 5 SOTS, each, lft., with300 added; second horse to receive 70 and the third 30 sovs. out of the stake. For three-ysar-olds and upwards. One and a half miles and a distance. Mr. S.Davis's b.m. Lesbia, by 31m Whiffler— Peerless, 6 yrs., 6 st 6 lb. (McDow≪) .. .. 1 Mr. J. Whlttftcnam's b.h. Mentmore, fi yrs., 6 st. 101b. (Gay) .. .. 2 Mr. G. S. Harris's b. or bl. h. Signor, 6 yrs, 6 st 101b. (Brews)-.. .. 3 Mr, J. Wilton jun's, b.h. OS Colour, 5 yrs., 9 st. (Moore). Mr. D. S. Wallace's b.h. Chuckster, aged, 8 st • 2 lb. (M. O'Brien). Mr. s. g. Cook's b h. Anglesey, 6 yrs., 7 st 6 lb. (Dalton), Hon. W. A. Long's b.g. Comet, aged, 7 st. 3 lb. ~ (Flannigan). Mr. T. Jones's br.h. Doncaster, aged, 7 st 3 lb. Hon. W. Pearson's b.c. Kingship, 4 yrs , 7 st. 3 lb. (Toole). Capt. Haimes's bl.f. Lantern, 4 yrs., 6 st 10 lb. (McAuliffe). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's b.m. Agitation, aced, 6 st, 4 lb. (Jumble). Mr. M. Kelly's b.g. 5enoe, 5 yrs., 6 st. (Cox). Betting— 6 to 1 each aget. Lesbia and Comet, 6 to 1 Agitation, 100: to 15 'each Mentmore and Signor, 8 to 1 each agst. Chuckster and Doncister. Fiom a level sta:t Doncaster, Chuckster, and Comet were the first to move, but Agitation at once went to the front and led Doncaster, Signor, and Comet past the Stand, Mentmore lying last. Bounding the turn Agitation was two lengths clear of Comet, Doncaster, and Signor, who were abreast, with Genoe and Lesbia at the head of the others, and these positions were pretty well maintained past the bridge, but at the abattoirs Lesbia was at Agitation's girths, and Comet, Doncaster, and Signor were close bandy. Bacing down the back stretch Signor going very strong came to the front, and led Lesbia, Agitation, and Comet to the turn, bnt entering tbe straight Mentmore on the inside ran to the front, and he and Lesbia came on clear of Signor, with Comet and Genoe at the latter's heels. From tbe distance Mentmore and Lesbia ran a splendid race home, the mare staying the longer and winning by a neck. Signor, who came again, was three-parts of a length frcm the second, and only a neck in front of Comet and Genoe, the last being Anglesey and OS Colour. Time, 2 min. fi7 sec. WEIGHT-FOE-AGE HUSDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 6 sovi each, lft, with 200 added. About 2 miles. Mr. C. H. T. Hart's ch h. The Agent, by Slanderer—Lucy, aged, 12 st. 12 lb. (Fergusson) .. 1 Hon. W. Pearson's b.m. Gasalier, 6 yrs., 11 st. 11 lb. (Gardner) 2 Mr. J. Cripp's bl.h. Duration, 5 yrs., 11 st. 10 lb. (McLeod) „ _ .... 3 Mr. J. Cohen's ch.m. Royal Maid, aged (KflduS). Mr. A. F. Bradshaw's b.g. Molrow, aged (Butler). Betting—6 to 4 on The Agent 3 to 1 agst Duration, 4 to 1 agst Boyal Maid, SO to 1 agst Gasilier. The five left the post in a vet y leisurely fashion, Gasalier, Duration, and Boyal Maid jumping the first hurdle in advance with The Agent, bringing up the rear, and the order entering the straight was Gasalier, Duration, Boyal Maid, Molrow, and The Agent the lot running in Indian file passed the Stand, a length separating each. At the river The Agent headed Molrow, and at the next hurdle Daration hit hard and dropped back to the favourite. Boyal Maid joined Gasalier at the bridge, and at the abattoirs Boyal Maid was a length clear of Duration aud Gasalier together, with the favourite three lengths away. There was no change tall tbe tmrdle coming to the turn, when The Agent suddenly ran to the head of affairs and led into the straight from Duration and Gasalier. The latter made a good run at the distance, bnt The Agent jumped the last bardie with a lead of a length, and held this advantage to the end, winning cleverly if not easily. Duration was a moderate third, with Boyal Maid and Molrow cantering in at long intervals. Time, 3 min. 55£ sec. SELLING RACE. A sweepstake of 8 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 150 added. For three year-olds and upwards. Weight forage. The winner to be sold for £150; 71b. allowed for every £50 reduction in selling price. Seven furlongs Mr. J. Warne's ch.c. Albanus, by Proto-Martyr— Lady A»enel (nil), 3 yrs , 6 st 6 lb. (McDowall) 1 Mr. T. Coffey's br.g. Scaramouch (nil), aged, 7 st 7 lb. (Sanders) 2 Mr. T. Jones's ch c. Solo (nil), 3 yrs., 6 st. 61b. (Flanagan) 3 Hon. W. Pearson's b.g. Sparkle (nil), 3 yrs. (Gorry). Mr. W. Bland's b.c. Egbert (nil), 3 yrs. (Cox). Mr. J. A. Lang's br.m. Agatha (nil), 5 yrs. (Musgrave). Sir W. 5. Clarke's g.g. Phantom (nil), aged (Bobertson). Mr. B. Howie's ch.m. Virago (nil), aged (Ellis). Mr. T. Lamand's ch.c. Phaon (McAuliffe). Betiang—3 to 1 each agst. Virago and Solo, 4 to 1 Stonebroke, 6 to 1 Phantom, 7 to 1 Albanus. From a fair start Egbert and Virago jumped off from Albanus, and the latter going up at the abattoirs he and Egbert led the field two lengths past the sheds. Bacing along the stretch Albanus went to the front, closely attended by Solo, Virago, and Phaon. and the loader kept his place into the straight. Here Scaramouch made his appearance, and gradually creeping up he passed Solo, and only failed by a short neck to reach Albanus. Only a neck off Solo was third, and then came Virago, Egbert, and Phaon, with Stonebroke last all the way. Time, 1 min. 31| sec. THE MARIBYRNONG PLATE. A sweepstakes of 80 sovs. each, h. ft, with 600 added. For two-year-olds— colts. 8 st. 10 lb.; fillies, 8 st. 5 lb. The second horse to receive 200 sovs., and the third 100 sovs. oat of the stake. Five furlongs. (12S scbs). Hon. J. White's br.f. Acme, by^Chester—Princess Maup tT. Hales) .. _ .. .. 1 Mr. L. Watson's chf. Maddelina, by Neckersgat —Meg Memlies{Weazel) 2 Mr. D. Cooper's due. Blairgowrie, by Vespasian (imp.)—Atholine (imp.) (Bobertson) .. 8 Captain Haimes's br.c. Dafferin, by Ambassador —Eugenie (Ivemy). Mr. D. S. Wallace's b.f. Essie, by St. Albans— Starlight (Colley). ME. P. Harm's cb.f. .Devotion, by Goldsbrangh Benevolence (Sanders). Hon. W. Pearson's br.c. Dividend, by Bolton Green—Fron Frou (Power). Sir W. J. Clarke's br.c. Damocles, by Gang Forward—Queen of Naples (imp.) (Bawlings). Mr. J. D. Robertson's b.f. The Nun, by First Bing—Pilgrimage (Moore). Mr. B. Gray's br.c. Betort, by First King— Bepartee (Brathwaite). Hon. L. L. Smith's b. or br. f. Louise Berta, by Darriwell—Alethe (M. O'Brien). Mr. D. Cooper's ch-c. Chesham, by Grand Flaneur —Lady Chester (imp.) (Kelso). Mr. W. Forrester's b.c. Halcyon, by Epigram- Ada (Gongb). Hon. J. White's b.f. Tamarisk, by Chester— Guelder Bose (Ellis). Mr. 3. H. Hill's b.c. Telephone, by Englishman— Catspaw (Quinn). Messrs. W. & A. Crozier's br.c. Trojan, by Wild Eagle—Maid of Troy (D. O'Brien). Betting—2 to 1 agst. Acme; 4 to 1 agst. Blairgowrie ; 6 to 1 agst The Nun ; 7 to 1 agst. Louise Berta; 12 to 1 agst. Trojan; 14 to 1 each agst.Tamarisk and Ballon ; 20 to 1 each agst. Maddeliaa, j)amocIes, Essie, and Telephone. There were two trifling breakaways before the word was given to a pretty even start. Maddelina was the first to get on her legs, and the others that showed prominently as they settled down were the Tbe Nnn, Chesham, and Acme on the rails, while Blairgowrie and Louise Berta were well up in the centre of the course. Maddelina was the first to cross the tan, Acme, Chesham, and Blairgowrie being at her heels, bnt as they came on to the course proper Acme shot out and took a cleat lead, while Maddelina gave way to Blairgowrie and Louise Berta, with The Nun and Chesham at the head of the others. As they came to the rails Acme was right away frcm the field with Hales looking round at his pursuers, and although Blairgowrie and Louise Berta struggled on they could never dfcrtase tbe pap At the distan3e Maddalina tu^c a^ii;, Sid a^;?. e-inj gaiceij to ea:h cut the whip she passed first Louise Berta and then Blairgowrie, but Acme won with ridiculous ease by three lengths. Hales never havingmoved oirber from the time she took pp the running. Blairgowrie, who was not ridden out, finished three- quarters of a length behind Maddelina, with Louise Berta only a !®gth off fourth. Then at clear intervals came Chesham fifth; Dividend Bixth, with The Nun, Telephone, and Devotion nest, the last to pass th° post being Dufferin. Time, lmin. 4J sec. The following is a list of the : WINNERS OF THE HARIBTBNONG PLATE. Winner. s. Bider. Time. 1871 Thompson Argus Scandal 4'wnson .. 1 6 1872 J. Wilson.. Dagmar .. .. 12 Wilson .. 1 6 1873 Dr. Bathe.. Stockbridge .. 21 Batty .. I » 1874 J. Wilson-.. Mttof All Work 22 Wilson .. a 1875 Chirnside.. Newminster .. 19 ?eoaians 1 fi' 1876 SirH.Bb's'n Habena.. .. 21 Huey .. *1 Si 1877 DeMestxe.. Vulcan .. 2H T. Brown 1878 G. Lee ?? Nellie .. .. 29 Colley .. 5 1879 J. White .. Palmyra .. .. 23 Huxley .. •1 4 J. Hart.. 1880 Lavima .. J. Wagcer 1881 J. White .. Welcome Jack 27 YeomansC Wyman.. 51 1882 E. K. Cox.. Segenhoe 30 Yeomans 1 4 J8S3 J. White .. Narina .. Sfi Pigott .. 41 1884 J. H. Hill Iolanthe .. 1R EiSs 1885 White .. Newstead 20 Quinn .. 2* 3 Acme.. 16 Hales .. 1 44 1 Private watches made 1 min. fisec. { Dead heat. The following is the pedigree of tbe winner :— £ 0 Sir Hercules Cassandra Stockvell Austrey Cap-& pie (imp) Paraguay (imp.) Xros (imp.) Alice Grey The Baron Pocahontas Efarkaway Zila Touchstone Beeswing Emelius Francesca rhe Baron Pocahontas Melbourne Tbe Bloomer Lady Sarah The Colonel Sister to Cactus Sir Hercules Paradigm Priam Ally Emigrant (imp.) Golnkre (imp.) Birdcatcher Echidoa Glencoe Marpessa Economist Nabocklish m. Emilias Apollonia Camel Banter Or. Syntax Tomboy's dam Oriville Emily Partisan Miss Letty^ d. Bird catcher Echidna Glencoe Marpessa Humphr'y Clink Morpeth's dam Velocipede Lady Moore Carew COBURG STAKES. A handicap sweepstakes of & sovs. each, 1 ft, with 200 added. Second horse to receive 60 sovs. out of tbe stake. For three- year-olds and upwards. One mile and a furlong. Mr. T. Jones's br.c/Bohemian, by Siaribymong— Nina, 4 yrs., 7 st 6 lb. (Flannagan) .. ..1 Mes&is.; W. & A. Crozier's br.g. Lantern. 6 vrs„ 8 st. 11 lb. (D. O'Brien) .. .. .. „ 2 Hon. Vf. Pearson's b.f. Parody, 3 yrs., 6 st. (Garry) 3 Mr. J. D. Bobertson's b.g. Stafford, 6 yrs., 8 st. 101b. (Mooie). Mr. J D. Beid's ch/g. Ifce Ghost, aged, 8 st 10 lb. (Williams). Mr. J. Ware's ch.li. IrraJee, 6 yrs, 8 st. 8 lb. Mr. A. Bobertson's ch.h. Dirk Hatterick, 5 yrs., 8 st 8 lb. (Foon). Mr. J. Crozier, jun's., b. or br.h. The Israelite, aged, 8 st 8 lb. (O'Connor). Mr. B. Be use's, jnn., ch-h. Wing, 5 yra., 8 St. 6 lb. (Kerriker). Mr. W. B. Hall's chc. Lord Exeter, 4 yrs., 8 tt 2 lb. (Williamson). Mr. J. Mayo's b c. Bavensworth, 4 yrs., 7 st. 12 lb. Mr. W. A. Filgate's br.c. Lavington, 4 vrs., 7st9lb. (Weazel). Mr. J. Whittingham's ch c. Meirimu, 4 yis., 7 st. 9 lb. (irahan). Mr. S. G. Cook's b. or br.f. Marie Louise, 5 yrs., 7 st 7 lb. (Bobertson). Hon. J. White's ch.£ Tempe, 4 yrs., 7 st 7 lb. (Ellis). Mr. B. G. Talbot's b.h. Waverley, 6 yrs., 7 st. 5 lb. (Blair). Mr. N. Wilson's b.c. Becal, 3 yrs., 7 st. 3 lb. (Fallon). Mr. T. Coffey's b.f. Honeycomb, 3 yrs., 6 st 11 lb. (Cox). Mr. M. Bn ant's tr.c. Beal Jam, 3 yrs., 6 st. (Stoimell). Mr. S. Gardiner's br.f. Buttress, 3 yrs., 6 st (Johnston). Betting—5 to 2 agst. Bohemian, & to 1 agst. Tem])e, 6 to 1 agst. Marie Lonise, 100 to 15 agst. Merrimu, 10 to 1 agst. Lantern. Merrimu, Stafford, and Lantern were the first away, the latter and Bohemian going qnickly to the front, and making play from Waverley, Irralee, Marie Louise, and Staffori to the abbattoir?, where Dirk Hatteraick and Lantern were leading Lavington, Bohemian, and Marie Louise. Passing the Sheds tbe order was much the same, and coming to the .turn Lantern was leading, Dirk Hattei aicfc and Bohemian, with Wine and Tempe, next. Lantern was first in the straight but he was quickly challenged by Bobemian, and after an interesting race home the light weight won by a length Parody and Merrimu, who carce very fast in the ran home, were next, with Temse fifth, Israelite sixth, and Beal Jam last. Time, 1 inin. 59} sec. YiCTORIA DERBY. A sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, £6 10s. ft., with 650 sovs. added; 50J sovs. and all the sweepstakes for the first horse, 100 for the second, and 50 for the third. For three-year-olds—Colts, 8 ut. 10 lb.; fillies, 8 st. 6 lb. One and a half miles. Hen J. White's br.c. Nordenfeldt, by Musket— Onyx (Ellis) .. 1 Mr. W. Kelso's br.c. First Chester, by Chester- Marie Stuart (Kelso) 2 Hon. W. Bobinson's br.c Winchester, by St. George—Miss Flat (Power) 3 Mr. S. G. Cook's cb.c. Eemus, by Gang Forward— Bomula (Sanders). Mr. A. B. Bobertson's b c. Dunlop, by Neckersgat—Etta (imp.) (Bobertson). Mr. M. Locke's Isonomy, by Winttilake (imp.)— Bnby (Quinn).' Mr. J. Marshall's br.c. Thunderbolt, by Musket- Locket (Dereitt). Hon. J. White's b. or br L Uralla, by Chester- Moonstone (imp.) (Hales). Betting—5 to 4 agst. Nordenfeldt. 9 to 2 agst. Thunderbolt, 6 to 1 each agst. Dunlop and Isonomy, 8 to 1 agst. Uralla, 15 to 1 agst. Bemus, 20 to 1 each agst. Winchester and First Chester. There was a little fiddling at the post, and then tbe fag dropped to a good start Nordenfeldt and Bemus were the first to jump into their bridles, and the latter made play past the Stand, a length clear of Nordenfeldt and Isonomy, with Dunlop and 1 bunderbolt at the heels of the favourite, Winchester and first Chester just heading Uralla, who was bringing up the rear. Bemus led Isonomy a length round the first torn, with Nordenfeldt twice thit distance from the Adelaide colt, and closely followed by Thunderbolt, Dunlop being on the latter's quarters, and Uralla still last Passing the river booth Bemus increased his advantage, and at the mile-and-quarter post he was nearly two lengths in front of Isonomy. who was about the same distance from Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt, the latter pair abieast, being closely followed by Danlop ; while Uralla on the outride had improved her position, and left First Chester acting as whipper-in. Isonomy had drawn a little nearer to Bemus at the milepost the pace still bong very moderate, and at the heels jof Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt- the other four were almost together, though First Chester was slightly in the rear of the other three, letween here and the abattoirs Quinn determined that a pace must be made, and cutting down Bemus he took Isonomy to the front, and led two lengths passing tbe abattoirs, Bemus. Nordenfeldt, and Thunderbolt racing side by side next, and here Dunlop was seen to lose his position and drop to the rear. Isonomy striding along iu line style led Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt past the sheds, with Uralla just clear of First Chester and Winchester, the lot being well packed, with the exception of Bemus and Dunlop, who were rapidly losing ground. Down the bend and past the half- mile post Isonomy continued to bowl along in front, with Nordenfeldt, Thunderbolt, and Uralla abreast at his heels, and closely attended by First Chester and Winchester. At the turn Isonomy was still to the fore, and here Uralla began to fade away, Nordenfeldt at the same time drawing clear of Thunderbolt, while First Chester took an opportunity of making a run through the centre of the field and Bettled down just behind Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt When they were fairly in a line for home Isonomy, on the rails, retained the lead, but in a few strides First Chester and>Nqrdenfeldt were at him, and Quinn was soon busy with the whip. At the distance Isonomy and First Chester were level, with Nordenfeldt on the latter's quarters, aud of the three First Chester was going the best. Isonomy dropped away at the beginninglof the Lawn, and then Nordenfeldt went np to First Chester, Thunderbolt making a final run at this.point and then dying o& beaten. First Chester now began to roll aboutTrom Ststress, and boring out he cannoned against Nordenfeldt and knocked tbe favourite out of his stride. Nothing daunted the son of Musket Q pain got on terms, but First Chester bumped him once more, the two horses by this time being right in the middle of the course It now looked any odds that Nordenfeldt could not make up his ground in the short distance to be travelled; bnt Ellis called upon him for a final effort, and answering like a tiger to the last cat of the whip he just caught Birst Chester under the Judge's box, and won amidst tremendous excitement by a head. While the two leaders were fighting it out Power bad brought Winchester with a great Tun from the distance, and 100 yards from home it looked as though he migat win, bat he died away again at the finish, and was beaten a length and a half from tirst Chester. Thunderbolt was a length from his stable companion, with Isonomy at Ms girths, and then some distance off came Donlop and Bemus, with Uralla the absolute last Time, 2 min. 48J sec. WINNERS OF THE V.R.C. DERBT. Yr.i Owner. Winner. S.| Bider. 1860 G. Watson.. Flying Colours , 4 Treacey 1861 P. Dowling Camden .. .. 7 Morrison. 1S62 Harper .. Barwon .. .. 6 Waldock. 1863Xang'.. ..Oriflamme .. 7,N.Lang.. 1864 H. Fisher.. Lantern .. .. 4 Simpson . 1865 C. B. Fisher Angler .. .. 4 Redman.. 1866 C. B. Fisher Sea^ill .. .. 3 Morrison. 1867 J. Tait .. Fireworks .. 5 Stanley .. 1868 J. Tait .. Fireworks .. j 5 Stanley .. 1869Moffatt ..MyDream .. 9Duffy .. 1869 H. Fisher .. Charon .. .. 7 Morrison. 1870 J. Tait ..Florence.. .. 7 Stanley 1871 J. Wilson .. 'Miss Jessie .. 7 J. Wilson 1872 W. Winch.. Loup Garou .. ST. Brown. 1873 W. FUgate..|Lapidist _ ..llH. Grnbb 1874 J. Tait ..(Melbourne ..ill Ashworth 1875 E DeM^stre Robin Hood .. 10 Donnelly. 1876 J. Wilson .. Briseis .. .. 6 T. Hales. 1877 J. White ..(Chester .. .. 12P. Pigott. 1878 Johns'n Boe.Wellington .. 9 M. Griffin 1879 R. Howie .. ISuwarrow .. 113 R. Walker 1880 W. A. LongjGrand Flaneur 111 Hales 1S81F. F. DakinlDarebin .. ,.|12Power . 1S82 E.DeMestre:Navigator ,.ll0Hale3 .. 1883 J. White ..IMartini- Henry I 9 Willrason 181-4 M. Jacobs..(Bufus .. ..jll MO'Brien YtLi-c ^.i^urdcufcldt ..j "-• • 11:-, w Time. 3 2 2 53 2 59 3 3 2 58 2 51 3 4 2 56 2 53 2 48 2 55 3 0 2 49 2 46 2 51 2 46 2 48} 2 43 2 431 2 47 2 43 2 44 2 41A 2 4l| 2 39 2 4!j \- i^i 4 The following is the pedigree of the winner:— Touchstone, t>y Ithuriel Came Verbena, by Velocipede Longbow Cotton, by Go- MisS Bo we Iompus TakBhra dam, by Orville • Caatrel.by Buz- Pahtalxm Idalia, by Peruvian Legei domain BUho da'Puba, Oecoy by Haphazard Finesse, by Peruvian Humphrey Clinker, by Comus Melbourne Morpeth's dam, W.Anstrlian by Cervantes tfowerina (sis, Toachstone, by to Cotherstone) Emma, by Camel Whisker Camel Brown Bess Fisherman (imp.) Marchioness (imp.) StockweU Daughter of Heron Mainbrace Melbourne The Baron Pocahontas Brutandorf, by Blacklick Mrs Craikshank by Welbecb Bustard, by Castrel D. of Orville Sheet Anchor, by Lottery D. of Bay Middleton Humphrey Clinker, by Comus Morpeth's dam, by Cervantes Touchstone, by Camel Brocade, by Pantaloon Birdcatcher, by Sir Hercules Echidna, by Economist Glencoe, Saltan Afarpesey, Muley Camel, by Whalebone Banter; by Master Henry Juliet (imp.) Lancashire tomboy, by W itch Jerry Kite, by Bastard bydney, November 1. .Nordenfeldt's victory was an exceedingly popular one here, ana evoked the greatest enthusiasm. He was heavily backed. by by 