THE NATURALIST. NOTES OF A NATURALIST IN AUSTRALIA. BY DR. J. K TATLOR, F.G.S., F.L.&, EDITOR OF "SCIENCE Gossir," &c.; No. 9.-VICTORIA. The railway journey from Ballaret to Ararat is, for the first hour, through a tame and uninteresting kind of scenery. There is nothing to strike a stranger except the sense of space, and it is singular how slowly that creeps upon one. I am only jnst beginning to understand it I suppose it is due to my having always to mentally adjust my sense of distance on small scales, so that it seems im possible when a certain object^ such ns a hill, is pointed out as being 60 miles away, that it can be even half that distance. One has to modify a good many mental instincts in Aus tralia. It appears most strange that I should have to look north for the sun at noon. The east and the west appear to have changed places. I find myself inevitably taking the diametrically opposite direction to that I ought to take, especially at night These new experiences have not yet had time to be com* bined into unconscious automatic action. Notwithstanding the low-lying baldness of the country ueyond Ballarat, there is this undefined Bense of grandeur due to the vast extent over which the eye can wander uninterruptedly. Here and there gleams the shining surfaces of water-sheets-perhaps mere swamps, or even altogether dried up in summer, but just now, after the abundant rainB, they have a temporary existence as lakes. I am aroused from my reflections by my ears and eyes catching the name of a familiar and dearly beloved place, " Winder mere." A splendid lake extends right away, bounded by low-lying hills, Bome of which jut into the lake as miniature headlands and capes. But I miss the rugged, pine-clad mountains of the locality whose name the Australian Windermere has borrowed-just as one fails to find the hallowed associations with which the genius of Wordsworth, Cole ridge, Wilson, and others, have sanctified the true "Lake district" Nevertheless, I was pleased to find a Windermere in Australia, and I doubt not it was derived from the re semblance of this beautiful sheet of water to its English prototype. Beyond this place the railway runs through pastoral country, seemingly occupied only with those vegetable ghosts, the ringed and dead gum-trees. Here and there a black wood tree (Acacia mdanoxylm) produces an agreeable contrast, for its bright and um brageous greenery gives it the appearance of an English oak. Presently we approach a beautifully-wooded Beries of hills, and the carefully watched railway cuttings show that the rock is a granite. The much altered primary schist and shales are gnarled and twisted, rent and faulted, and upturned in the immediate neighbourhood. When granite comes to the surface, and forms the rocks about any place, it is a sure and certain, and, to a great extent also, a measureable sign of long- continued atmo spheric denudation. For granite is a true igneous rock, once in a pasty if not a molten condition. But it was in this state under the enormous pressure of overlying rocks, and, moreover, it cooled and assumed its present appearance and mineral structure when the pressure was etill there. If the molten mass had cooled without the overlying pressure being present, the result would have been to form some other variety of igneous rock, such as basalt, but granite would not have been formed. Some granites have been formed under dif ferent pressures to others. Thus, those of Cornwall cooled and solidified beneath about 50,000ft of overlying strata; whilst those of the Highlands of Scotland were formed beneath 30,000ft The difference is expressed in the different mineralogical structures of the various granites. It will be Been, therefore, that in the loca lities where we find granite, there must have been going on very extensive denudation. Many thousands of feet of once overlying strata have been peeled off and carried away to the sea-bed by rivers, there to form strata of more recent date. The bush comes right down to the railway -or rather the railway runB right through the bush. The latter is very dense, crowded with creepers, the gum trees laden unusually with those semi-parasitie plants, the Aus tralian mistletoes (loranlhus). Many curious proteaceous plants, both arborescent and ar boreal, crowd together. At Ararat we are again in the presence of gold mining, as the rubbish heaps and mining machinery plainly indicate. Here, again, the tertiary basalts have broken through. They have a remarkable agglomeratic appear ance. I was on my way to fulfil some lecture en gagements at the pretty and thriving town of i Hamilton, bo I had to change carriages at Ararat The scenery is rather tame for some distance, that is as long as we are passing over the outcrops of the Silurian shales. By and by we perceive we have passed on to richer. The dense forests of dead and <!ying gumtrees proclaim that there is plenty of vege- j table diet The entire plain from here to many miles beyond Hamilton is covered by' sheets of once molten rock which cooled as' basalt The latter has been exposed to the. action of the weather perhaps for hundreds. of thousands of years, and baa decomposed; into a rich brown soil, full of all those! mineral Baits on which most plants thrive. The number of blackwood trees give the j plains the familiar appearance of a well-kept English park. i quite a different formation. On the right hand Bide we catch n glimpse of a not distant range of mountains- the Grampians. We have time to study their' shapes, and to speculate on the agencies! which have carved and sculptured them, as we slowly travel along. It was getting on in the afternoon when 1 saw them more closely, and their peaks stood out darkljr against a j lovely primroBe-tintadsky. They are covered to their very tops with trees, whose green toliage. seen under conditions of fading light, j gave that remarkable effect which we only' find reproducible in a good etching. Some of the peaks of the Grampian range rise to the; height of 3,827ft, Bucb as Mount. William, i Their number is myriad. Against the sky line they looked like the unequal-sised teeth! of some gigantic saw. I never felt so desirous of exploring a region before as I did this of the Australian Grampians. What treasures of delightful scenic bits muBt it not enclose ! A week or two after I was there I saw a pic ture by Guerard of a view in the Grampians. It was a magnificent picture, in which the artist had caught the genius of Australian landscape-namely, its vastness. In this pic tnre, gumtree-clad mountain-slope succeeds mountain-slope-river-like silver threads meander deep down through defiles sugges tive of primeval darkness, gloom, and danger, where never foot of white man may have yet trod. The rocks of which the Australian Gram ians are composed are set down as Mesozoic. think this practice Is often done in Aug garastttsss; containing fossils. logiBt desires most of all to 2v?Cientific Reo, the rocks as be sees toaocn"'^ \- -- «iciu-tueit comDosf tion, mineral structure, fossils, and strati graphical relationships- irrespective m ? whether it pays or not And the in the long ran will prove to he their nolikif®'«««-»- *»? material difference to the fntnrn make & of Australia, howcver- intellectL|p08perit5' as commercially. ectually as \Ve|[ I think the geologists u» »i.u . the strata of the Grampian Hills iu placill8 I do not thinlc that natuSta gists who accept the theory ofevnW fieo,° working theory (just as astronS °!la?4 the theory of gravitation in thrift1"* work) can too distinctly bear k Lft011 the geological periods in Australia E Sat the same names as those of Enrnn^ bear bably occurred later on. Thus th£ pro period I in Australia may have tee? faE!Rn place when there \raa a CarbonifwouaS in England; just as we find the pnm^^0ch of animals-marsupials, reptUw e£ro°p8 sharks, and shell-fish and freUwab.?^!? fish-still living in Australia; althSfgh « rarely find any of them in Euror«i» JJj? later than those of the early TertiaruaiJSS* Doubtless some kinds of foSffi: and by. be found inthfe rocks of yourXato |rian mountains, and then the matter ffi' ia only a theoretical one, after all) Wto* "Bat #« 'shapes of Jjese Grampian Hills! How old they look 1 What thonsanda <X tunes of sun-heat, frost, snow (perbapsria ciera msomeas yetdimly^esaed-at geoK period), ram, hail, and wind-actionatheyS have been subjected to. The quartaS! composing these sandstones may have hT derived from the decompositionof thegranta of which I spoke above. They are rounded and water worn. jTheywere gathered together alone the floors of unknown seas, and chemical tl tion bound them together into these uolidL weather-defying masses millions of years ami But the hiBtory of the world iB a historrof taking down and building up, organic and inorganic, the great buifder-up being the radiant energy of the sun, which also takes down as well as constructs. Its heat fatlimr on the exposed surfaces of sandstone rock causes them to expand beyond the force ol the cohesive attraction which has bound them together; and BO grain after grain becomes detached and foils down as dust The wind blows it away, or the rain washes it away. A new surface is exposed, and the same results follow. A century Blips away-a thousand centuries-and the sun is still engaged in reducing a mountain to dust The parts possessed of atrongeet cohesive action endnre longest, stand out moat distinctly, and boldly form the sierra-peaks of mountain ranges, ag they do these of the Grampians. At Dnnkeld one spur of the Grampians has either come as near to the railway as it dared, or else the railway has been taken as near to the Grampians as was deemed advisable. At any rate the same result follows. We get a good eye-to- eye view of the scenic features and character of the entire mountain range. A lovely place is this of Dunkeld, with a name quite sufficient to recommend it, if nothing else. I felt as if I should like to know some of the squatters, whose splendid houses I could occasionally see through the gum-tree and black wood forests, so that they might ask me to stay with them.' The Victorian range of mountains (after a short interval of intervening plain) con tinues the strike of the Grampians. Bpt they are far away towards the horizon. Still one recognises by their Bhapes that they hare a geological relationship, and, perhaps, a geological origin identical with that of the Grampian mountains. Gliding over these plains on the cheaply constructed rai I way we eventually approach the town of Hamilton. Volcanic cones nse here and there in the distance, such as those ot Mount Napier and others. Near the rail way station the basalt is seen in huge agglomerate masses, each mass peeling off m layers lite ftp coats of an onion, throng" the chemical onion of the oxygen of mew toe and of the air with the iron contained tu toe rock. Hamilton is a pleasant and hospitable town, with delightful surroundings. 1 was the guest of Mr. de la Poet Wall, of the<Mkg«i the well-known atathor of 7 Ae Geography of Australia, an admirable litue book which I have already found of the greatest use. I was also fortunate enough meet there a fellow-townsman, and geologist, in Mr. Denning, who is diligent!; working up the fossils ana minerals of remarkable district - . Of course, I was taken to the Wan Falls. That goes without sw ing; faru w body went to Hamilton and did not go ^ |-Bee the Wannon Falls, the pemte 'wg think as little of him as the ^5 "fLrsaw would if he went to their city an(lo.?J flre at their beautiful harbour. T|jese_falls_ .j liedruth, about a dozen miles fronj ti,e is. aaraas^s places have weathered into *00®® ^JjVhose surface by the luxurious .growth o cleared scrub. :=-vnpedingly The valler. of the **8g&i; beautifulThe river wastolerobyhg . w I waited the place. My friends led me boulder-strewn. lichen-clad ^^^sof amusing myself with noting thetb ^ those carnivorous plants, «« s ^ covering the ground , in my jars, noise of falling waters ^^® m08t beau Looking op I teheld one yweever seen in tiful and impressive scen«* I ba ve going my life. The river ^'CcS1'8 bodily over t«n ander^t1uL%Sn« tbem waters descnhSdfctt^®tfnsfc I stood near selves down to ft depAoflWft W^der the brink, and looked down into ither6ide bordered, dark pool «", JoDg the rocka rose in ®to«pi"®?1^^li[en wate" e made our waf underneath ite safely ?me over. TWa can be over» came over. wp* inea t>«?". We then saw tbfrt the which Jjf harder stratum ofvolcanicjocK. Tbe latter , cbvered vvtedeot v°»^fTfffoter is <f &re; softer, Mid -the ipW °fJ§ j( #,09 Ibtantly eating them . rock. ^ cutting the o ?erl)^p8 . fragments latterls then brol«poF rfveE&d; rf! tho whole oftbe'rivergo^ luurfli. hai haen eaten .W ' studied in the section beneath the falls. We hove there a hollow wall of rock 80ft in height At the bottom there lie, embedded in volcanic ashes, the trunks of partly petrified and partly carbonised trees, which were killed by the hot ashes descending, probably from the crater of Mount Napier. There also may be obtained fine specimens of the beautiful and rare mineral VivianUe; but the collector will have to enclose it in dry cotton wool at once, or its exquisite blue metallic lustre will vanish. The day's pleasure was still further intensi fied by the admirable dinner with which the genial hostess of the W&nnoa; Falls Hotel supplied us, after our geological and lnineralogical explorations were over. 