DUNLEAP TOWER. [From Chamber?8 Journal.] Chapter II. The first thing I did, after giving Mrs. Staveley my promise that I would at once begin my search for Catherine and not rest till I had found her, was to resign my situation under the railway company. This I did with out regret, as I had previously made up my mind to try my fortune once again in one or other of the colonies. As soon as I was re lieved from my duties, I began to make cautious enquiries in the neighborhood of Isterby as to the direction presumably taken by Mr. Rudyard on the evening of his departure with his wife. Some time elapsed before I could obtain the slightest clue to the information I was in search of; but when I once held th i thread between my fingers, I was careful no to let it go again. It is needless to detail by what means I succeeded in tracing the two people I was in search of step by step over the road they had gone, nor the labor and difficulty I experienced before my quest came to an end at a lone house among the fells and moors on the bleak Northumber land coast. It was evening when I ended my search. I slept that night at a village a couple of miles away, and before noon next day was in a very changed condition on my way to the house. I doubt whether Catherine herself would have recognised me had she chanced to en counter me as I left the inn. In my younger and more prosperous days I had been an adept at amateur theatricals, and my "make up" on the present occasion was a study from life. I was a German Jew pedlar, Max Jacoby to wit, as the brass-lettered name on my mahogany box plainly told. My beard and moustache were dyed black and trimmed in a foreign fashion ; I had long tangled hair and a tawny complexion; I wore several flashy rings on my fingers; and a square box, well equipped with fancy articles, was suspended over my shoulders by a strap. I spoke good English, but with a foreign accent, and that amount of gesticulation in which foreigners usually indulge. Such was the individual who tramped slowly up to the back entrance of Dunleap Tower and knocked boldly at the door. It was opened by a rosy-cheeked country lass. "We don't want any," she said before I could utter a word. "Ah, but you must see what I have got, pretty miss," I answered with a smile and a bow. My box was opened before she could close the door; and when once she caught sight of the contents, she was in no hurry to go. "I have everything from hairpins to cameo brooches. Wedding rings, these, pretty miss. Ah, here is one that would fit you beautifully. Let me just try it on. Ha, ha! what could be nicer? and cheap, dirt cheap. And now, let me fasten this brooch on your dress—real good —real cameo. I will vow you never looked so charming in your life. Go into the house and see; go and ask your friends; and remember everything is very cheap, most wonderfully cheap." Blushing with pleasure, she retired for a moment and thencalled "Sally." Sally came, a buxom, good-tempered, middle-aged woman— the cook, I suppose. " Heart alive! what pretty things!" she exclaimed, clasping her hands in ecstasy. I was still expatiating on the beauty and excellence of my wares, when a door at the back of the kitchen was suddenly www. .wv mwvw VA «UW Btwuvu V*Ota OUUUQU1J opened, and Rudyard entered the room, with his hands in his pockets and a cigar between his lips, followed by a tall, black-haired young woman whom I had never seen before. "Hillo! what's the row, now?' he ex claimed, as the frightened servants fell back. " A pedlar, eh ? Come, my good fellow, you'd better sheer off; we want none of your gim cracks here; and, hark ye 1 don't let me see your ugly phiz about these premises again, or my mastiff may want to try the flavor of your calves!" I fell back a few paces and made a little foreign bow, and with a deprecatory smile held out some brooches towards his companion. " The gentleman is pleasant this morning," I said. ' He does not aBk the lady whether she would like to glance at my cameos. I have here some very choice ones, direct from Rome. —See! Bacchus and Ariadne, Venus rising from the sea. All of splendid workmanship, and all wonderfully cheap." "Want anything in that line, Margery?" Rudyard asked. She gave a little scornful shrug and shook her head, but did not reply. She was a tall, well-built young woman, with plenty of red in her cheeks to match the poppies m her hair, with quick-glancing, suspicious eyes, shaded by thick black eyebrows, and with a mouth hard and cruel in all its outlines. She was dressed in thick rustling black silk, and wore a profusion of coarse jewellery lavishly dis played. Come now, my fine fellow," said Rudyard with a grim smile you must make yourself scarce without more palaver." I did not stir; but opening a secret drawer at the bottom of my box, I took out of it a couple of Turkish daggers, curiously chased, and having inlaid hafts. I knew that if any thing would attract Rudyard, they would. I remembered his weakness for curious pocket knives when a lad at school, and the bright little dagger he carried about him till the master, hearing of it, took it away. I held up the daggers without a word. His face lighted up the moment he saw them; he hesitated an instant, as though ashamed of his weakness; but the temptation was too strong, and the nextmoment he stepped forward irresolutely and took them in his hands to examine. "Poor, poor," he said in a depreciatory tone. Then: " How much for the two ?" "Fifteen guineas." " Fifteen thunderbolts!" "They are worth twenty-five, good sir. They ere unique. They_ were the favorite weapons of the late Ibrahim Pasha, and were manu factured expressly for him." "Anyhow, they're not worth the price you ask." "The gentleman thinks not. Well, this is what I'll do; I will leave them with you till to-morrow. You .can examine them at your leisure, and put them to whatever test you may think fit. In the morning I will call again, and then you will count me out fifteen bright new sovereigns and fifteen bright new shillings, and will tell me that you never got such a bargain in your life." " Youmealy-mouthed rascal, I'll do nothing of the kind." It was, however, finally agreed that I should leave the daggers, for having once fingered them he could' not bear to let them go. Next morning I trudged up to the house again, carrying with me a brace of pistols con structed on a principle which was just coming into vogue in those days, although common enough now. Rudyard had seen nothing like them before, and was even more delighted than with the daggers. Would I go with him into the shooting-gallery, he asked, and explain that "new dodge to him?" Yes; I would go with him willingly, I re plied. So into tfie shooting-gallery we went, which turned out to have been the picture gallery at one period of the Rudyard history; but the walls had been long ago denuded of every picture that would fetch a price, and nothing but a few dingy family por traits remained, with faces which a good scouring would have wonderfully improved. Rudyard was a tolerable shot, buc not equal to me in that respect, for I had had much practice while in the bush, and I beat him with out difficulty. When the target was sufficiently riddled, he reached down the portrait of one of his grim old ancestors in ruff and doublet, and set it up to be fined at. I confess that to me it seemed a terrible desecration to make a target of the fineold cavalier; but when I protested, I got nothing for my pains but a declaration that he would treat the whole of the gallery in the same way. By the time the old gentle man's head was all but shot off, luncheon was announced, to which meal Rudyard invited me. After it waB over we had some more shooting; and then we adjourned to the billiard-room, where we played game after game, till a cracked ana doleful bell gave notice that dinner would shortly be served. As with the shooting, so with the billiards—Rudyard could not touch me; for I had been a marker in Melbourne in my low-water days, and had there made myself master of the game. But neither with the pistols nor the cue did I do more than just evince my superiority over him, beating his best shot by a mere hairbreadth, and topping his highest score by a couple of points only, urging him forward with the expec tation that he only needed alittle more practice to beat me easily. " Come along Jacoby, and let us have a bit of dinner," said Rudyard at last, flinging down the cue with an oath. " But my dreBs, sir ?" pleaded I with an ex pressive uplifting of my hands. " Never mind your dress! This is Liberty Hall, man. I'm not going to dress for dinner, why need you? And after dinner we'll have a bowl of punch, and make a night of it; for I mean you to Bleep here. One doesn't meet with such a pedlar as you every day." We proceeded to the dining-room, a low dingy apartment, poorly furnished; and in a few minutes dinner was brought in, and with it entered the black-haired young woman whom I had seen before, and whom Mr. Rudyard, in his off-hand way, now introduced to me as his couBin and housekeeper. Miss Yavill. The dinner was plain and substantial, and pro ceeded for some time in silence. At length Rudyard looked up. ' " Are you out.of sortB to-day,N^Iargery, or are you sulky ?'' - ' ' \ "I am not sulky; I have a headache," she replied, flashing a dangerous glance at.him out of her black orbs. ■ "That's well in one senBe, and bad in another. You had better have a headache than be sulky, Madge. I don't like sulky people; and I don't like people who sit like ghosts over their dinner." "Really! how humorous you are to-day, and how excessively polite!" rejoined Miss Yavill, with a disdainful smile and a shrug. Dinner was scarcely over when she rose. "Ill go now, Martin—that is if you and this gentleman," with a special emphasis on the word, "wul kindly excuse me." She spoke with an unmistakable sneer this time. It is possible that Miss Yavill was not in the habit of dining with pedlars, and resented my presence accordingly. "Ain't she a handsome tiger-cat?" asked Rudyard, appealing to me. "Not without claws, either. Go, Margery, go, and my blessing go with you!" winking at me as he drained his glass. "And now for a bowl of punch. Draw up closer to the fire, Jacoby, and try one of these Cabanas." There was a rude but hearty hospitality about this man which seemed to be the sole good quality that had come down to him from a long line of open-handed ancestors. (To be continued.) 