I - : (it ia E<nn) : A 80J0UHM during two or three crushing Bea- - sons in the sugar district« in the colony can- not tail to impress the most superficial observer with the gigantic «trioles thia industry has taken, and with the colossal proportions lt aaa now definitely assumed. Looking to-day, as one journeys up the Clarence, from the Head« to up above Grafton, through the Big Scrub and on the Richmond, and further still tho Tweed district, the count leas host of small and large ingar mill« that meet the eye at every turn, on both sides of the river and away off in remote spots, is positively astonishing. One cannot help wondoring, too, at tho height of independ- ence, at least in action, if not in means and disposition, which hos prompted the erection of so great a number. Vet, on inquiry, tho unpleasant fact stands revealed that by far the larger proportion of these small mills do not pay, and during tho past season have in several instances had to bc cut down alto- gether. It is not necessary to probe very deeply to ascertain tho causo. With a very limited area of cane to each mill, the average length of the crushing season, when for the Colonial Sugar Company it extends for from four to five months, for them means only a period of from three to «ix weeks. And for the remaining eleven months in tho year the small mill lie« idle. Again, too, selectors who had had a pretty rough time of it in early days, when maize waa their only sup- port ; who had to put up with all the ordinary hardships of bush lifo, with a few extra ones occasionally thrown in, suddenly found a new field and brighter prospects dawning upon them. As in most things in this hum- drum world of ours, " it novor rains but it pours," it is either a feast or a famine. They had fasted the " famine," and were all too ready for the " feast." They seemed to becouio intoxicated with the new advent of success ; and because they Baw tho " big company," as they called it, each your building new and improved mills, and extending it« operations far and near, they fancied they could do the same. It is a «ad fact that a largo number are now finding out their mistake, and re- penting bitterly at leUuro. They had the land aud tho cano, and they thought, with a mill, that they then had everything. But, as a rulo, the most important element was lack- ing. Their capital, of knowlodge and cash alike, was insufficient, See tho consequence. When two bad seasons-those of 1883 and 1884-followod consecutively, they were un- able to stand tho pressure. Nearly nino tenths of all tho small mills have been built and equipped with money borrowed at high rates, and the constant drain was bound to tell. COMPKTIOK-WITH BEET HOOT StTtlAR. Resides, too, down to tho last few years, competition from outsido countries was not carried to anything Uko the pitch it has now reached. At tho present moment tho beet- root industry in England, Franco, aud Ger- many is spreading rapidly, ami, it is pro- bable, is but now in ¡ts infancy. Year nitor year of bad harvests iu England for tho post 10 yours aro making tho farmers con- sider very seriously if, all said and done, it pays to grow wheat at present prices, l'eu yoors have wrought wonderful changes in bringing togothor what wero boforo almost inaccessible corners o£ tito globo. Now countries, with cheap maiden land, cart flood tho English markets with grain iu any quan- tity, and at a figuro that seems almost to defy competition. With theso facts in view it is quite on tho cards that wo shall seo bëct-root growing resorted to vory heavily at homo, and ns inducements keep offering fresh boetjfactoricB will keon springing into .existence. Iii 1'mnco and Germany, tho vory hot-bedÖ of science and Bciontillo work- ing in this line, economy iu manfacturo is brought down to about tho finest point. They aro" for ever studying and aiming at producing tho greatest amount of sugar from tho least possiblo material, and at tho lowest cost. As nu instauco of extremo competi- tion, and its immediate effects on values, no stronger proof is needed than that afforded lately in London, where good sugar was retailing nt ld por pouud. AU this tends, and must still temi, to throw obstacles in tho way of thoso>wlio, hampered with debt and difficulties, are unablo to avail thomsolvcs of all thc latest scientific aids, and tho conse- quent economical system of manufacture. Tho French "Triplo Effet," tho improved vacuum pan, and tho last idea iu centrifugals, cnn all bo adopted ami utilised, to his own profit by tho man of capital, ito thus p'-accs himself on a footing to competo with his wares in tho rush und bustlo oE tho world's markets. Tho smnll mill-owner, howover, «ho has had to borrow money for Iiis sccoud-liMui or antiquated machinery, and ns yet perlinîps hns been unablo to cloar off his first ohligatitn, Jg prevented from in- curring a fresh and stir« moro serious outlay. Tho result is that ho finds hhuelf too heavily handicapped in tho rnco for existence to hopo to win. His »low and coBtly system precludes him from a ghost of chance of securing ovcu a stray plum. Hence it is the sugar industry suffers in reputation. son. ASH CLIMATE, ^^ß^r Soil, climate, everything is bjMsw^T . ., right cause. Now, as regu**55^ bu,k «'? mate, I take it os Uyf/^» «>» »na New South WaifMp^5 »«RM « concerned gyM__y__L¿iji^Rr¡B exceptionally blessed. TflrsTflrBTsll|s»^minently suitable there can- not bo a shadow of a doubt. Look at the immonso crops to bo seen on virgin ground, from CO, 75, and in somo instances up to 100, tons per acre. Thon glance at tho avcrago of tho crops on old farms for tho past_ two seasons, certainly below 20, and considerably nearer an average of only 10 tons to tho acre. This fact speaks volumes. It tolls, os plainly as Dame Nature can tell, that it does not pay with cane any more than other crop« to grow cane, and nothing but cano year in and year out on the samo soil, without the «lightest attempt to giro it cither a rest or a chango. Naturally, an exhaustive crop, with no manure, or any kindred assist- ance, it stands to reason the soil must suffer, and suffer it docs. Could the farmers only be brought to realise tho hard fact, thoy aro killing tho goose that lays thu golden egg with a vengeance. It is impossible to take a trip through tho older sugar districts, and see tho miserably stunted growth, as if half protesting against tho .feeble effort of exist- ence, and then note tho Btrong, vigorous, upstanding plants in virgin soil in tho now districts, without lamenting the penny wise and pound foolish policy of those interested. I That they do not know thia, it were idle to believe. They all admit that the course is a wrong one, but «oem not at all inclined to remedy it They arguo that they or their father« got the land for nothing; that they hare done well enough out of it. When that particular «pot is "played out," and absolu- tely refoeea to be coaxed into yielding another stack, then they caa Uk« up .ai good a wantha a« aver (kera waa in the fresher districts of- the Tweed or the Brunswick 'Rivera. True, they may; but let their children again perpet- rate thew mistakes, and in another 10 years there will be no available land to seleoi. They may make » few pound*, perhaps ; but they will hare 'succeeded in ruining n vast tract of good country. Each year shows, with the increasing growth ol the sugar industry, the rapidly increasing value of all sugar lands even in far outlying settlements. Each year selections, even at remote distances from any present mill, ara getting harder and harder to obtain. A liberal policy of scientific farming, a little judicious attention to nature's laws and requirements, with a well considered rotation of crops, and occasional year of complete rest, would soon bring the I old homesteads bock to their old piteh of per- fection in yield and capacity-and possibly to a greater pitch. By now they have suc- ceeded in mastering all their earlier difficul- ties of theory and practice, and have had opportunities of testing and deciding which varieties of cane pay best in their respective neighbourhoods ; and yet, with these advan- tages of experience, it is surprising how reluctantly in many esses it is brought to boar. All through the rivera you wUl find still the old variety of " Ribbon " persistently stuck to-their fathers grew it, and it was good enough for them. They do not seem to realise that the newer varieties imported from Fiji and the Mauritius, such as "Lilian green " or " Salsngore," will pay still better, and with less labour. No ! the " Hibbon" was there when they took the land, or when cane was talked, and-it's there yet ! This, too, in the face of tho fact tliut tho Sugar Com- pany offers tho most liberal inducements in tho shape of bonuses for increased and better yields ; the stimulus does not seem to have the general effect that would bo anticipated. A word now ns to climate. The two great enemies in this respect that our "cockey" farmer, as he is somewhat familiarly dubbed, has to contend against aro frost and drought. Against tho formol' there is, of course, no remedy, though old residents assert that this ovil is yearly growing less frequent and intense. Tho season of 1881 witnessed a long succession of frosts-in some localities up to to AB late as September. In 1880 again the districts were all wonderfully exempt. WASTE. One very great " leak," one great loss of a direct and tangible income, is everywhere apparent. Wo refer to tho reckless, wanton waste of tho largo proportion of all the molasses manufactured at the smaller mills. Tho Sugar Company of course have their distillery on tho Clarence, and with regular supplies of the raw material from their mills in this colony, and now from fiji, turn out a magnificent specimen of rum. But the largest number of tho small millowners run their molasses into tho river. They claim that it does not pay to do anything else, with it. Why, if nothing elso bo done, ono would funoy enough at least could be refined into golden syrup nnd treacle, to Uko tho place of tho largely imported article front America and elsewhere at a duty of 3s lil per cwt. For cattlo, too, it might be utilised, to advan- tage. Nothing fattens nnd gives so sleek'an appearance, as a diet of molasses. Wo have in our mind's oyo tho form of a reverend priest in a sugar neighbourhood, who has a weakness for anything good in horseflesh, especially if ho bo good enough to figure as a winner at tho local races. And for these his pot racers a cortaiu number of barrels of mol- asses aro always demanded when ia training for any show or Bpeoi.il oveut. In its crude state of course it is totally unfit for human food.-DAILY TELEOHA*'!'. 