SUMMARY. Polling for Canterbury to-day. / A waif named Elizabeth Kennedy. 10 rears old, brought before the Central Police ' Court yesterday for protection, said, when asked her religion, that she was " a freethinker." The ceiltral committee of the Local-Option League support Mr. IIcnson for Canterbury and 31r. Varney Parkes for Central Cumber land. '.& reward of £3o0,- given by Mr.' Xtrisbs'Cohen, the Bombala Farmers' Flour Mill Company, the y ictoria Insurance Company and the Govern ment, is offered for information as.to ,the,person or persons who set fire to the company's mill on the 16th of last month. At the bazaar in aid of St. Andrew's' CUnrch, Summer- Mil, which was opened ycstordirt')<< aH lotteries and snares of that kind/' as,thdSh'cnm- . bent explained, " have been cschewed.'l'' . y The steamer Birksgate on Monday took 800 tons of coal from the Burwood Colliery for' the Adelaide Gas Company. Lieutenant-Colonel Goodlet has been elected president of the Free-trade Association ; Messrs. George Pile, H. Hudson, B. It. Wiso an J I. J. Thomas, vice-presidents; and Mr. Georea Pile, treasurer. . The Government offer a reward of £100 fot information in connection with the shocking murder of the woman Began at Forbes. The action for £2000 damages, for injuries sustained in a collision, brought by John Hen- son against the owners of the Balmain steamer '100 resn,lc'1 in a eomProni'aeiPlaintiff getting A branch of the Local Option League was formed in Newtown last night. - The question of the extirpation of phylloxera from the vineyards of Camucn is now engaging the attention of the Government. Mr. Farnell stated last night that Ml.uil'la. bad been taken up for conditional lease under the new Act, and 781,009a. conditional pur chases had been sold. . ' The road between Pitt and George streets, near tbe Post-office) is uot to be opened until the tower is finished. Gaudaur, the St. Louis (U.S.) sculler. did three nulc3 at the Pennsylvania regatta inJOmin. o.scc., said to be the fastest time on record. The body of a newly-born male infant baa becu found in George-street, Blue's Point. It has been proposed in England to change the name of British New Guinea to Torrcsia, Mr. Joseph Symes, the freethought lecturer, defied the law, as usual, ou Sunday by charging for admission, and intimated that he did not intend to yield one hair's breadth. The man Jtocke, who was found at Goulburn with a large number of spurious £10 notes iu his possession, yesterday pleaded guilty to three charges of uttering these notes, and Judge MT-arland inflicted a sentence of 1-1 years' penal servitude in each case. Tho prisoner had been twice convicted of forgery, and the sentences were made concurrent. An accident occurred on tho Gundagai rail way works yesterday >by which one man, named- James Burns, lost his life, and another had one leg so smashed that it had to be amputated. A meeting of the Newcastle wharf-laborers on strike and tbeir employer, has been ar ranged for the discussion of matters connected with tho strike. Lord Carrington's departure for New iSouth , yvktcli it was concluded from the " fare well" dinners just given to him would be im mediate. will (the home News reports) not take place till about the. third week of October. Tho 1'. and O. Company's latest steamer, the Coromandel, which closely resembles the Chusau and Tasmania, went for a trial trip on the Clyde on Angust 1, and attained a speed of about 16 knots, the guaranteed speed boing 14 knots. Mr. Boucicault in "Kerry "and "Arrab-na- Pogue " at the Theatre Boyal to-night. Cur tain draws up at 7.46 p.m. Work at the various Newcastle collieries -at present is not very brisk owing to the scarcity J/ 'hipping, Tho only pits at fall work are the \\\ lckham, Bnrwood and Stockton. It is stated that Sir Snmncl Wilson is abso lutely certain to obtain a peerage, which is the object of bis ambition. A select committee of the New Zealand Hons, of Representatives bas reported 'that tho public credit might .with advantage bo applied towards enabling settlers, on the security of land, to acquire advanco at a low rate of interest. Tho observations in New Zealand of the solar eclipse were greatly marred by. tho clondy;sky. Over 1000 members have been enrolled in the Victorian branch of the Imperial Federation League. An attempt to rob the Jewish Synagoguo in Melbourne was made earlyon Snnday morning, p dealer named' Ilicbards being < caught in tbe act. Nanlan does not appear to bo improving in public favour in the States. Ho has practically put .astopto the series of matches' with Too iner. Bishop Barry preached to crowded congre gations at Christ Church, (St. Kilda, on Sunday morning, and St. Peter's, Melbourne, in tho evening. Mr. Melville, M.P., admits that he received £26 from a Mr. Ross for acting as agent to got a concession from the Governmonr, but denies that thero was any corruption in the net. Sir Alexander Stuart was yesterday1 so indis posed that he was uuablo to lie present in tho Assembly or open tho bazaar at Snmmer- hill. The minutes of the Executive Council in tbo Johns' case wcro laid on tho table of the As sembly last night. The sum of £2140 was paid by the Govern ment .to Mr. Mitchell, M.P., as compensation for tho loss of the Prospector, sunk in New castle Harbor. The new steamer Richmond belonging to Mr. B. B. Nicoll arrived at the Richmond River yesterday from Sydney. The steamer Woodbnrn arrived off the Mae- leay River yesterday, but was unable to enter owing to there being insntiicient water on tbo bur. Several vessels are bar-bound in tho river. The steamer Gulf of Carpentaria, which left here on Sunday for Loudon, via Adelaide, with a valuable cargo, struck on a rock near Cleft Island, and immediately sank. The crew and the only passenger landed at Wilson's Pro montory. ; Our acconnt of the Chincso gambling dens was brought under tiie notico of the Colonial Treasurer in tiie Assembly yesterday, and ho at once promised to call the special attention ot the Inspector-General of Police to it, . with a view to the suppression of the dens. A charge of corruption wns yesterday in tha Assembly i brought against Mr. Melville by Mr Abigail, and a select committee ,has been up- pointed to inquire into it. . Mr. Garrett convuleoil the House last night by tbo remark' that while Parkes kept in power some years ago by raising the Kiama ghost, this Government was keeping in power by rais ing Parkcs's ghost. The debate on tbo vote of censure. motion against the Government has been adjourned again until this afternoon. Mr. Fremlin told Mr. Wisdom last night that although nature had given him n magnificent physique, " you could put liis heart in a nut shell and his soul in his watchpocket." Mr.- Fremlin developed as a humorist last nighUon the subject of In quoque. Mr. Garrett was very liappy in last night's dobato in his retorts to Mr. Luseombo's pro tectionist interruptions. 'tin a few telling sen tences lie showed how Mr. Luscombo and bis frionds wanted to cheapen the loaf by putting a tax on wheat and flour, and to make tho poor man's lot easier by taxing his 'boots and clothes and tho very implements with which ho earned biB livelihood. Tbo charge of stealing about £2700 worth of jewellery, brought against Charles A. Cook, licensee of the Wcntwortli-Park Hotel, Ultimo, and formerly pawnbroker at South Melbourne, was commenced in Melbourne yesterday and adjourned. Traffic was suspended yesterday on one of .tha Victorian railways owing to the damage done to the embankment by tbo heavy rainfall, jj? Tbe French war steamer Duchaffaut arrived yesterday from Noumea. The tender of Messrs. R. Thornton and Co. for a railway from Hoyfield to Bairnsdalq in North Gippsland' has been accepted, the price being £146,860. Tho wife ot Edwards, the groom at Mount Ridley, Victoria, one of tho co- respondents in tho celebrated Malpas divorce case, has insti tuted proceedings for a divoteo from her bus- band on the grounds of his adultery with Mrs. MalpaB and cruelty. , . . A-ivcry enjoyable evening was passed by members of tbe Liberal Association of' New South Wales last night at West's Academy.- Addresses were delivered and /mimical selee- "- Hons, both vocal and instfumental, ' were .well performcd.% There was also some dancing. ' fjf > 