Oar London Letter. ???? j LONDON, Oct. 16. The sounds of preparation tor the coming political fray jar upon the less demonstrative movements of the Arts. There are no brass . bands and flags now in ! electioneering progresses, but they seem to fill the air nevertheless. A little . imagination may detect the drums and cymbals in the platform addresses. There is on both sides a great deal of posturing and noise. Later on there will be a great deal more. You will hear the echoes of the shouting at the Antipodes. The country is gathering at its great halls and in its open spaces. One day it listens to the horrible story of Liberal maladministeatiou ; the next it is harrowed with accounts of what awful things the Tories would do if thev dared. One day the Liberal big drums are beaten to drown the Tory trumpets, and the next the squeaking of the Radical fifes and the blatant yells of Socialistic and Salvation street obstruc tors, make night hideous. Iu the midst of all this there are rdmours of impending war in the Balkans, the deposition of King Thebaw of Burmah, fresh in trigues of France in Egypt and suggestions of an insurrection in Ireland. Lady Dilke is a very pretty and charming woman. Her literary work is excellent She has written in the French Renaissance ' with the grip of a man and the acumen of a scholar. If .Sir Charles comes honourably through the ordeal of the Crauford divorce suit, Lady Dilke may be expected to rival in her salon the social and political glories of the late Lady Waldegrave. We have no feminine political leader at present The place is quite vacant Lady Dilke would take it and occupy it with distinction ; but Sir Charles must first justify his honour. His friends say he will. They declare that Mrs. Crauford will be proved to have suffered from hysteria; that she is in this respect a second Lady Mordaunt Ou the other side, men shake their heads and say, 'Wait' It is tolerably certain that the courageous sympathy of Mrs. Mark Pattison helped to sustain Sir Charles at a very critical moment of his career ; and that the hurrying on of their marriage was a splendid piecc of diplomacy. They are old lovers, as you already know ; they are remarkable people, aud look wonderfully happy. Their honey moon lasted three days. It was Lady Dilke's wish that immediately after the marriage Sir Charles should return to his political work, and he did 60 within three days ; but he had not a very pleasant time of it at his first political meeting. Some of the crowd embarrassed him by questions concerning Royal grants. In the early days of Sir Charles' political life he said very hard things of Royalty, and the cost of it, that it was common to twit him ?with the fact that he still used the title which waB the gracious gift of the Queen herself. When he obtained office he cooled down, and the other night pressed by a Radical following to pledge himself to oppose any further Royal grants, he refused to do so. Lady Dilke sat all the time on the high seats of the audience and applauded her husband's firmness in re sisting the clamorous demands of his Republican sup porters. Society is talking about the new Lord Shaftesbury. Lord Ashley is not at all like his father. He has neither tho much-beloved old man's gracious manners nor his aristocratic impressiveness. People who know him say he is kind- hearted, generous, amiable, but not clever. But then you know the new Lord Shaftesbury is a sailor, and does not pretend to anything else. Educated for the sea, his chief experiences of life have been on the ocean, unless they are rivalled by his expe riences of city dinners. For years past there has hardly been a city banquet which has not been honoured with his presence, and he has invariably responded for the Navy, and just as invariably giving one the idea that he had begun his speech before he had finished his dinner, or rather, to use a homely synonym, ' as if he had plums in his mouth.' Journalistic influence is a very real factor in society now-a-daye, when even the Queen goes out of her way to correct errors of the press, and to explain misstate ments. No sooner had Sir Henry Ponsonby, on behalf of her Majesty, contradicted the report that she had invested a million in city property, than he has to come forward with an explanation o£ the absence of a repre sentative of the Queen at the funeral service, at West minster Abbey, in honor of the late Lord Shaftesbury. It appears that Viscount Bridport was instructed to attend on behalf of the Queen, but he was not able to reach the Abbey in time — a very lame excuse, not of the Queen, but for Viscount Bridport. The Prince of Wales made no mistake. The Marquis of Hamilton was present for his Royal Highness, who had instructed him by telegram from the Continent On the eve of the Afghan trouble with Russia it was as good aB settled that the Duke of Edinburgh should succeed to the command of the Mediterranean fleet The appointment was greatly desired by his grace, and tho Queen favoured his ambition. The re port of the duke's coming promotion was received in the fleet with disfavour, and did not meet with popular approval anywhere. At the clubs it was dwelt upon as a slight and an injustice to old and tried officers, and more particularly to that excellent sailor Sir William Hewitt, who by right of seniority was en titled to the place. Nevertheless the Liberal Govern ment were understood to have sanctioned the appoint ment when ' riding for the fall ' which eventually came. They sacrificed some sentiment in the matter, it is said, and if they had remained in a few weeks longer the Duke would have had supreme command of the fleet Lord Salisbury coming into power frankly stated his objections to the appointment It might be very well, he is understood to have said, when there were no cloudB in the East and no prospect of war with Russia ; but with preparations of i a hostile character going on for the very opposite con tingency, he did not see his way to place the Czar's son-in-law at the head of the Mediterranean fleet which would possibly be the first to come into collision with the enemy. Her Majesty saw the force of this, and the question was allowed to drop until the settlement of the Pcnjdeh business, when it came up again as lively as ever, and the newspapers announced positively that the Duke had had hiB way. His Royal Highness even began his arrangements for moving to his ship, and the names of several officers were mentioned as being about to receive sailing orders from the new commander. But fate is evidently against his Royal Highness. At the moment that the cup of hiB ambition was at his lips the Roumelians dashed it to the ground. Their revolt revived Lord Salisbury's original objection. Once more we might be on the war-path, and with the Duke's father-in-law as our enemy ; and I have every reason to believe that it has at the last moment been decided to give the post to the officer who has the right to it by years and by gallant service, namely, Sir William Hewitt. The Duke of Edinburgh is the least popular of all the loyal jmncee, and he is known to lave been in more than one international- difficulty a partisan of Husria, But what the English people feel most strongly about is his lack of generosity. Rightly or wrongly, they think the Duke is a mean man,and that ia a prince is an unpardonable sin. I. once met his Royal Highness in Dr. Arthur Sullivan's- rooms, and found him a most kindly . and amiable personage, an interesting conversationalist and a most cultivated musician. Dr. Sullivan counts among his friends uo man more true, no man more devoted to his interests, than the Prince ; and I have heard of many courteous and thoughtful acts which are honourable to his head and to his heart Here is one of them : — When he visited Melbourne, he honoured the theatre then under the management of Mr. Charles Vincent (Viner) with his presence, and received much special attention from the lessee. A year or two back, when Vincent's widow (now Mrs. Arthur Stirling) in London applied to him for his influence in aid of her application for tbe position of a ladvprofessor of elocutionat theRoyal Academy of Music,he sent for her, recalled his Melbourne memories of her and her husband, £poke to the Prince of Wales in her behalf, and 6he and Mrs. Kendall were appointed leaders of the elocutionary classes. Mrs. Arthur Stirling, when Mrs. Vincent (or under her maiden name of Miss Cleveland), will be well remembered in Aus tralia. Her husband was tlie lessee* of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, where he and his wife appeared in 1864\. Vincent was thrown from his horse and received injuries from which he died a few days afterwards.' The Duke of Edinburgh attended his funeral. Apropos of music, if Mr. Sims Reeves decides to visit Australia ou the proposals of Messrs. Allison and Rignold, of Melbourne, he will begin his tour next March. I hope he will be supported by a well-selected concert party. Mr. Reeves at 60 has not the physique he had at 30, and occasionally he disappoints an audience on account of a slight chronic aifcction of the throat and a morbid nervousness. The other night he sang at the promennde concerts. He was warmly received, and he sang with something of his old fire and fervour. Properly supported with a clever soprano, contralto, and baritone, he should do well in Australia, more parti - cularly in English opera and oratorio. As a young man Reeves made a tremendous sensation at La Scala, and for many years has deservedly held the foremost place among English tenors. He is to-day the most interest ing of vocalists, and one of the most learned aud accom plished of musicians. But like a certain master in another art, Wilkia Collins, the famous tenor is now rarely, if ever, seen in society or at a club. Reeves has a lovely homo on a pleasant hillside not far from the Crystal Palace, aud Collins lives still and works, away in Upper Gloucester- place, on the high road to St. John's Wood. He is writing a new novel for the newspaper press. His last short stoiy, ' The Ghost's Touch,' is quite in his own vein. Mr. Collins, haa aged greatly within the past year or two. His novoKit are more popular now in America than in England, The revival of sensational fiction ought however, U~- make his earlier novels desirable books for the new generation that is now being regaled with what an called ' Shilling dreadfuls.' Charles Eeade's novels qa longer have a large sale. ' Ouida' leads the van of popular novelists. She has made name, and fame, and fortune out of the English public, and 6hc seems to be devoting all her leisure to villifying the country, the people, aud ' the English writers of fiction.' She haa written strongly against one and all in an American magazine, and her recent novels are full of sneers at English taste, or the want of it, * English art, English women, and English liomea. 'Ouida' poses as a Florentine, but she ia Euglish, was educated in Scotland, and years ago passed much of her time haunting the London publishing houses with manuscript that they scornfully rejected manuscript wliich they would pay thousands of pounds for now. But that is no reason why ' Ouida' should revenge herself upon the English people. If tho pub lishers did not treat her well in her literary novitiate^ the reading public have read everything she haa written with interest often with admiration, but occa* sionally (her own fault) with disgust Ouida lives at Florence, and devotes the early morning to composition, but never -writes, she 6ays, except when fervently inspired with her subject 