INSPIRATION. ? TO THE EDITOR OF TEE COUBIEB SIB,—Notwithstanding the assertions of "S.J.BC ,"in his newletter on ttio 16cb, that he "did not mirquote a single Scripture," you or any other person having geceas to the New Testament may find what I said was exactly true. The substitution of one wird for another, or an unshown ellipsis, is often liable to eobvert the original meaning; and this is very often done, even by learned men. I had ho intention of discourtesy in making use of the words "fabricating errors." Now, just a few sentences in reply to his advice to me, " to consult some of the many commentaries, handbooks, &c.;, where he will find his elementary difficulties fully noticed and solved." There are but few popular commentaries that I have not, more or less, diligf ntly and seriously perused. I have read every word of the Bible through; indeed, read and re-read it more than any other baolf. I hive consulted concordances, lexicons, theological works in abundance, and the numerous works of the orthodox have received my close attention. Is has been my pleasure to have heard some of the most popular evangelical preachers in London and other places. I do not willingly let chances pass by of reading theological literature in high-class magazines and newspapers The largest Impression, as the result of theological investigation, is that "men have preached millions of sermons, published millions of books, and millions of men's lives have been sacrificed by their-fellow men, to harmon'ee the Bible and doctrines that have arisen therefrom under Christianity. All, as far as I have understood, have failed. As long as the Bible is held to be an abnormal book, and belief to fetter reason, men, in my opinion, can make but little progress in developing their highest spiritual nature in the physical body. Slaves to opinions, beliefs, and oreeds, must, of necessity, prevent any near approach to an-universal brotherhood, and an eternal fatherhood of God of all. As the Bible now stands, it has received a Babel of corrections, interpolations, and amendments, and has not, nor cannot, settle our difficulties, bnt has been, and will be, the cause of divisions without end. The -arbl. trary assertion that it is the infallible word of Gad, which it does not claim for itself, makes it a hopeless puzzle, and takes what reality it possesses out of it. A man mast love bis enemies, and forgive injuries. He mast also think it right to bate tbem, and b9 rever ged for injuries. One mu-t be required to bslieve that tbe Lord put a lying spirit in the mouth of some prophets; and that God will send a strong dilution to make men b;l!e\e »lie, "B. icg crafty I 0aught you with guile," says Paul. "All liars shall have their part in the lake'which bnrnetb with firs and brimstone." Must I believe thie to be a follower, cf Jesns? I well remember when I was a boy that Dr Conquest brought out an edition of the Bible uith either 20 000 or 30,000 emendations. The American Bible Society prepared an edition correcting 24.090 errors of the common Bible. We have no oorrect version of what esus spoke or thonght. There is no known original oopy of any portion of the New Testament in existence. All that we possess are either translations or copies, and the most ancient manuscripts are in a state of Incompleteness, and eome wholly unintelligible, and no two, either in Hebrew or Greek Scripture, verbally agree. Original gospels were destroyed, and those in the canon substituted. These are some ot the difficulties, and to raise the cry of " infidel" takes the place of argument; and enquiry, according to many, seems to be a crime. Socrates, Jesus, Galileo, and the early Quakers, were all Infidels. Buckle says " Toat the system of morals professed In the New Testament contained no morals whioh had not been previously enunciated, and that eome of the most beautiful passages in the apostollo writings are quotations from pagan authorities, Is well known to tvny scholar." I confess to the greatness of the Bible looked at frtm only a rational p >ict of view. ' I more than believe in Jesus, but not just exactly as represented in the New Testament. I agrre to the fullest of my understanding in Eph«ians iv., 6, " O-ie God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and In you all." In a broad view I acknowledge inspiration, but not as "SJ.BC." would try-to persuade me In the texts he quoted. I will try to explain why. It can be shown In the Old Testament that God, man, Lord, angel, and messenger, are often interchangeable terms; and I judge that many of old, when Inspired in one of the various modes of inspiration, fully concluded, without proof, that the Inspiration came direct from God. The dlsolples and apostles called tbe power which came upon tbem the Holy Ghost. The Greek word fmgios ie mostly translated holy, as holy angels, holy prophets, holy women, Holy Ghoslf holy J.rasalem, holy hands, &c.; The Greek word pneuma IB represented in English by ghost and spirit. Ooe ol tbe definitions given by Greenfield to the word pneuma Is " human souls." Another writer says, " We know of no better definition cf the word hagios than good." By -accepting these definitioEs and interpreting hagios and pneuma to mean good human spirits, many W difficnlties vanish. Jesus said, he would be with his disciples; and we are instructed to pray to the Father—"For there if one God, and there is none other but he."—Mark xii., 32.—Yours, &A.;, PHILO. ? ? 