;??;; ;: ' Sundays after trinity. ; ? We have come, to the' tinie of the year in which ''the' Sundays of our life are reckoned from the feast of Trinity Sunday. ' The octave of Pentecost,' aaya Blunt in the 'Annotated Book of Common Prayer,' 'has been observed in honour of the Blessed Trinity from a very early age of the Church. .' . . It appears to have, been regained as a separate festival only by the' Church of' -England, and those Churches of Germany which owe their origin to the .English St. Boni face or Wilfrid. Both in the ancient English and in the ancient Uerman othce-bboks all Ihe Sundays afterwards until Advent are named after Trinity ; whereas in all offices of the Roman type the}' are named after Pentecost. It seems probable that this distinctive1, ritualmark i.s a relic of the independent origin of 'the 'Church' of England, similar to those peculiarities which were noticed by Si..- Augustine, nud which, were attributed by the ab'cient British Bishops to some cohriectioh'witli St. John.' It woVild be interesting if we might be permitted' to think' that thus it has come about, that half the Sundays of. the year! have the- sacred name of ? the Trinifcy.. Who does not lemember lloilicrt'a lines? — ;-,- . «?? ? - -'.v The Sundniea of mnn's life, « . ?!;?????? ?'?'?i ? r,!;\ e ? ThrecWetl togethei on time's fit l ing, , c« iai j, i.;.;jS^fik.ei)vaceletg to adorn the wife , 1# ... 01 tbe eteinaU glorious King, '''' Might we venture with reverence to vary this pretty coneeifc,1 and say that Sundays make the wedding-ring by whicli-'oitc I humanity is espoused to her Heavenly Lord ? They make1 the sign, the remembrancer, that our everyday work is of' heavenly duty, capable of being inspired by heavenly motives, and so of being lifted up out of whatever may be1 its' surroundings into the atmosphere of a divine service; which! may be done, in scriptural phrase, ' to the glory of Grody'1 and with the thought of the judgment of the Lord Jesiis. Herbert has another conceit in the ' Elixir' — ' ?''''' Who sweeps a room, as for Thy laws, - ? . '? ? Makes that and the action fine. . .-..???? Our Church catechism takes the same line — glorifies homely duties, and makes theniholyr; The commandment^ of our baptismal fidelityraW 'the same which God spake' in the twentieth chapter of Exodus.' One of those com-! mandments regulates the dispodalcif our tithe. It alternates work and rest. It puts ori the' one arid on the other the name of the Lord our God. And thus our catechism makes' short'biit significant comment, ''My duty towards God is; td: . serve : Him truly 'all the 'days 'of my life..' Ottr ' worky* daies,' in which we are '-'to labour : and do all that we have to do' — they, too, are a service of God, as wellas ther hallowed rest of the seventh day, which is the Sabbath, of the Lord our God. But it is Sunday which 'knock's/ 'at' heaven's' door, which is like the sheet of tlie Apostle's' vision, and like the Voice that expounded ' it, and-'Wariis' us in, perhaps, a different sense to that of St. ' Peter's' admonition, not to call common' what God hath cleansed.'' That is the function of Sundays; — that service they render' to us by bringing from heaven their order of release frdni: the burden of earth's toil, signed as it were with the name ! of the Lord our Redeemer — that release which finds us ' leisure for worship, which gives access to the thoughts of' ' whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good' . report.' This service they render, if only the gates of the; house of toil are closed, and tine gates of the house of prayer1 are opened. But, perhaps, this service is accentuated by' our practice, according to which every Sunday in tlie'year' lias its special message. From' Advent to Pentecost' we; follow the blessed steps of that most holy life, which' was' the life of the Divine Head of our human race, 'lived on earth, and c- in fashion as a man.' They show us 'the life* of ' that Divine Servant, who has Himself 'made drudgery' ;divine,'— the easy yoke of whose service makes all : hard service easy; in' whose sorrows, the sorrows of the most afflicted lot are made to be light, shot: through' with a blessed hope; whose love that ' roso on sh- origier'' wings, unpalsied when fie niet: with death,' has given1 'us to ! know that henceforth is death the gate to life that cahnofc be ' hurt of death — that it is not the sentence Of failure, but tells1 of labour which cannot be in vain. JSo our Sundays' lead us' from hope to hope^— from the hope of the advent * of ''the1 divine patience into the lot of our humility ; through the; hope of that other Comforter who shall guide us towards1 all truth, to the hope of the judgment, human but divine, from before which all half truths shall flee, in the: light of whicU all half lights pass a^vay, and the true lie revealed justified in the .true.. ?-. That Ah the light which Sundays bring to our work.' They bring the life of the Word near to our, life, and in that light we can see light. But perhaps it is asked us, What has this to do with the mysterious name of the Trinity which our Sundays bear for half the year? Are we not adding to the buiden of life, and not lightening it, when1 we add to our faith the biuden of a dogma which it is, ; difficult for the mind to comprehend ? Well, if it be felt* thai Sundays Lave any rmessage at all from, he^veivto/ us; if1 they have any right to quicken hope, it will be found that this right comes out of that Name which they utter to us. If Christ be only the greatest of human teachers, He cannot be the author of such a hope as is properly described as the ' hope of eternal life.' We may call Him Lord and Master, but He has gone from us, and we know not whither He has gone, nor what is the Father's House of which He spoke to us, nor the place in it which He said He would prepare, and of which He said that if it were not so He would have told us. Does any reality correspond to those promises, to the hopes which they have excited? ' We cannot tell what He said.' That is the mystery on which we ask for light. That is the cry of our humanity, to get answer to which men have built shrines of prayer, have stretched lame but eager hands of desire, have consulted oracles, have cried after heroes who should unite to the sense of human need the power of divine help, and who could tell whether life were anything more than a toiling beneath the curse of unsatisfied desire, of work doomed never to be finished. To this cry our Sundays bring response when they name to us the Divine Name of our Baptismal Fellowship. Hearken, they say to us, you who labour and are heavy laden — that Spirit within you in which you look up from your Kbour and cry, ' Abba, Father,' is the Eternal Spirit, who proceedefch from the Eternal Father, who is uttering in you the cry of the Eternal Son. That is the Eternal Eeality in the image of which you were created, to conform to which you have been redeemed, and the Spirit in whom you utter those cries for light, and rest, and satisfaction ; those battle cries for truth, in the midst of confusions, for righteous ness, amidst the shouts of selfishness — that is the Eternal Spirit who ' makes intercession for the saints according to the will of God.' He who searches all hearts knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit. He can interpret those confused and inarticulate groans. He in whom those desires are presented disentangles them from their confusion, purifies what is strong in them from what is weak, purges the discon tent which they represent from unworthy impatience, purifies the doubt that is honest from the faithlessness which is sinful. ' The life that we live in the flesh we live by the faith of the Son of God.' But this is something more than that we obey the precepts which Jesus delivered to us, or call ourselves the disciples of His school. The life of the Son of God is the life of the Son lived towards the Father in the fellowship of the Spirit. Therefore, that life can sanctify and interpret to us our human lives. Our lives subsist in relationships — our duties, our joys, our difficulties, have their being in those relationships. When we receive the name that assigns to us our individual position in our household, we are baptised into the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. That Name, the utterance of the Eternal Relationship, may be said to hallow our names — that is to say, our names may remind us of the eternal life which we have been called to share, the grace of which and the love of which the fellowship of which may be reflected in the duties of our relationships, and make them beautiful. ' Every homely duty, every act of self-sacrifice, every deed of mercy will make the vision of it more bright ; as that vision will be clouded by every act of sin, every proud thought, every uncharitable feeling. The more we draw near to this Name the less we shall dream of selfish rewards, the more we shall long for the day when the sunlight of God's countenance may gladden the whole creation. The com munion of the Father and of the Son in one Spirit, as it has been the ground of all our thoughts and hopes, so will be the consummation of them all to those who shall wake up in the same likeness, and be satisfied with it' (Maurice's Kingdom of Christ). Now, if that Name so interpret our names — if the Life which that Name expresses be the Life into the fellowship of which we have been baptised, is it nothing that every Sunday as it comes round shall say that Name to us in all plainness of utterance? 