The pbesekt time is no doubt one of aen-, \- j./''*- ; sational interest in the Australian colon les. So rapidly are events trail spiring in other parts of the world— evemlls %hich poiil t to the' almost certain sound of war, land' which, therefore, have a most important beating upon the trade and (commerce, and even upon the safety of -this -lisjtant portion of the Empire, that the 'public mind has become unhinged. ConEe^ueiitlyj it: is to.be feared that in order to place the colony in a state - of security -agaihst at tack, by doing work now which should have been done when there was plenty of leisure, Mr Douglas and his colleagues, will have to endure a heavy mental strain just at a time when it is necessary tojpre pare for a parliamentary session, which is looked forward to as a session of more than ordinary importance in relation to matters altogether apart from j the' war scare. It is undoubtedly! .ne cessary to exercise the . utmost figil ance in seeing that our _ doors j are made safe against hostile attack,, so | that the inhabitants of our cities' may go to, bed and sleep in safety. We enjoy many natural advantages from our insular 'position, with a tolerably stubborn rock bound coast, and not half a dozen ports into which -an -enemy could enter at any time. How comparatively easy, there fore, would it be to protect the sea entrances, which, if done effectively, woiild greatly reduce the dangers to which we are liable in tbe event ot one or J more cruisers coming up into die anchor- ! age ground. Take care of i the Heads', ; and then other parts can : take care of themselves .this, we ihmk,'niVan axiom | worthy of consideration/ We witness daily the most p rais eworthy .efforts on the j part of our Volunteer officers to rjei:der ; efficient service at this important ; period hy fortifying ihe river at Bosevears or a, little lower down, and, if wo mistake nut, it is the intention of Major Aikebhead and the other oHicera.-to -inspect, sites still farther-removed from Launceston 'in View of stopping an «nemy on 3iis way up the; river. These precautions are very good in their way — but why permit the enemy to enter the Tauiar Heads at sill ? That is the spot which requires most considera tion, and it is receiving little, if any.: It is certainly not ths duty of the locai forces to see to this most i.ecesssry work ; but it is the duty of ali the inhabitants, and of the Marine Board and C iporaiion, to. urge the Government to take iiumtdiate steps, and provide means for blocking the enhance to the Tainar .at a moment's . notice. It matters not wl:at -amount of money is spent in seeming our island home from attack. . We are not now, as heretofore, shielded in our weakness, un noticed and unknowp. The , Australias are. now ths observed of all observers — the very spot which Russia would like to come down upon, Tasmania in particular,., on account of her - insular position, and the ease with which a Foreign Power' could maintain her ground once she gained possession of the island. The time has arrived when the chances of such a casualty should be looked steadily ,in/the face, and circumstances warrant the asser tion that it might occur.at any moment, in which event the consequences would be horrible in the extreme. We have no , desire to create alarm by painting the effect of a Russian occupation, but it is a possible calamity, and we Bhould therefore guard against it with all on i- might and main, leaving no stone unliinied, and sparing i:o expense to make our hearths secure. It is therefore mrst essential that, whatever the cost may be, our pons should be protected by torpedoes, under the management of efficient officers, in whom the central Government can confide for carrying out the r.cce&sizy; arrange ments. Above all, no time should be lost: to be forearmed is to ensure peace. At the same time it is more than possible that the united strength of the Empire ?will bs sufficient to cripple all the designs of Russia while they are yet in the bud, | and that we shall not be called upon to 1 make any active resistance in this colony. 1 That, however, affords no argument against the policy of being prepared, the policy of exhausting every device in older to secure safety. It would be exceedingly wise for Ministers to engage the most reliable experts available in the colonies to carry out this work, and thus relieve themselves from the strain of overwork, which they, of necessity, must experience if they hesitate to employ help, and endeavor to do cheaply in a halfand half manner what should be effectively done at once, and with a liberal purse, la the meantime Ministers have a large amount of work before them in relation to the internal affairs of thecountry. Themost important measure to be produced in the coming session is one to accelerate the exercise of the new franchise,. by passing an act for the redistribution of seats, That measure shoald not be postponed under any pressure short of actual in vasion. An attack bom without is only a possible contingency, but it is a certainty that unless we attend to our local affairs the vital organs will become impaired, and we shall lose the energy which is neces sary to enable us to strengthen our posi tion. Population means strength ; it is more important and much easier, by means of popular legislation, to become numerically strong, than by trusting alone ; to powder and shot. The present war | scare should not impede - our progress in I any way, and it is to be hoped that the business of the comiug session will meet with no interruption on that account. Since tttr ho&kible; assassejahoks in the Phoenix Park, in 1882, nothing has occurred in Ireland so disgraceful to the country as the cowardly conduct of some mobs of so-called 'Nationalists,' as sembled at Mallow Railway Station, on Monday, who hooted at the Prince and Piincess of Wales aind their son, Prince Albert 'Victor, as the t: ain passed on its way to Cork -from Dublin. We could not have believed that such disloyal, ungal lant, and cowardly conduct -could have emanated from any class or section of -the population of Ireland, until the cablegram announcing the disgraceful fact reached us this morning. When the train arrived at Cork, a mob was collected there, and many windows' ' of loyalists in ', jthe city were smashed. .' Savage atrocities of this class can %'ave but one effect:) to damage the cause of lreland with, all who sympathise with the legitimate struggles of the people for independence in the direction of autonomy or ' Home Rule.' Had the' Royal visitors honored Belfast and the Nprtnern Counties with their presence, their reception would have been more enthusiastic than that 'with their arrival in Dublin was hailed;1 but we shall not feel surprised to hear, to-day, or to-morrow, that the Prince of Wales has determined to return to England, dis gusted with the savage boorishuess of mobs of misguided fanatics. At the same time, we stiil feel convinced that these' .trained- mobs, . acting -uuder the orjiere of '' professional agitators, ' do ; not ia any way represent — but on the .contrary- misrepresent— t'ie feeling of I'Vyalty-which is entertained for the Royal Family by/tha/bulk of the people of Ireland. The latter will feel most acutely ' the humiliation and, degradation 1 en taileS oil ihe Tcoimtry by ihe lawless mobs . wSo ? could heartlessly wound the feelings of the amiable Princess, ; who 'liad, i.with. her R- $Tal . hus%ind and ison, courageously ..entrusted' her life in their hands, trusting to their honor as men capable of receiving the representatives of the. Queen, at least with the gallant courtesy supposed, nntil now, to be charac teristic of Irishmen of every class. Oub' Defences.— His Worship the Mayor, with Staff-Captain Hunt, was again in attendance at the Town Hall iast night to enrol members for the Reserve Corps,' hilt whether incredulous as to the gravity of the situation, or dissatisfied ,with the Conditions of service stated, tho volunteers did not turn up-as expected, and after ^n hoar's waiting none- had been enrolled, although two recruits had been Snnt down ?to the barracks to enter 'the rifles. ! His Worship lias been in co'mhiuuication with, the Minister of -Defence on the' points in which further information was required yesterday,- ana -nas- naa -a reply snaring that with Regard to Hie officers the Govern-, ment will exei-cise- all pl'oper care find consideration in their selection of officers -to command the Reserve. Corps, and that touching equipment they will supply the men as. soon as the Mayor reports the full number. to have -been enrolled with liiii iormsy trifles, etc., and will, shortly issue 12,000 rounds of small arms ammunition for the i Launceston forces. A' question was raised by a would-ba reserve jnau.^Sj to whether the force would be liable for service in the South for the defence .of Hobart, and until the question .could be answered he deferred joining. The Jcorps is called out for the defence of Launces ton, according to the proclamation, but by the terms of the oath there seems; little doulit that he._would .be liable, to semce in any part of Tasmania/ I Fiftieth Akkivb&saot; of Wis lex an. Sunday .Schools.— ^Ve . under stand . that the Wesleyasi people of 'Launceston purpose holdingj in No-' vemb'er next, the fiftieth anniver-^ satyiof the- establishment ot their first' Sunday School iti Patterson-s'reet. JJow they have an equally important Sunday School connected with the Margaretstreet Church. It has been, suggested that all the scholars who have passed through these schools, wherever resident, shall: be publicly invited . by the officers and ? teachers of the schools to visit them at a social tea-meeting, where the past and the present can be compared, ; and old memories of bygone times revived. Sug gestions as to die best mode of cele brating and commemorating such an im portant event as tiie 50th anniversary of that, valuable institution, the Wesleyau Sunday School, he-e, we, have no doubt ; wiil be thaiikfully'reoeived by those upon .whose shoiildeis the responsibility, and work of making all the arrangements will fall. Council of Education Examinations. — A notice will be found in our advertis ing-columns, calling, 'upon ^candidates .desirous o£joffering themselves J'r exami nation for the .Council of Education Exhi bitions, to notify their intention Wiethe secretary, -in writing, on or before 1st May, 1885. Candidates! from the 1 pub ic schools desirous of offering - themselves for examination -for the exhibitions inder the Education Department, must als'g notify their ; intention on or b;fore the same day. . Unclaimed Letter. — Alctte^addressed to Samuel Picken, Esq., Post Office, Launceston, to be called for,' lies there unclaimed. Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court. — Yesterday was what may well be termed a red-letter day in connection with the Supreme Court Civil Sittings of Launces ton, from the fact that the judicial throne j was occupied, for the lirst time, by the Hon. W._ II. - JiVlin, tha new Acting Ciiief Jus. ice, n j.'er.l !e:iu'.n wiio^-.Miaiki j 'is a household word in Tasmania, who has well won his spurs, and the hero of many political engagements 'before the Speaker ' There was only one case set down for hearing, and a stiff one it proved, but before the business of the day was called on, Sir R. B. Miller, on behalf of the gentlemen ot tbe long robe of Launces ton, who asseiijijled to welcome His Honor in strong force, congratulated Mr Gibi m in a nicely chosen speech, which was replied to by Eis Honor in equally felicitious terms. Mr 6. P. Hudson, who happened to be a juror, when Mr Giblin held his fir3t brief in Launceston, and who was a juror yesterday also, on be half of his brother jurymen, spoke in j pleasing terms of His Honor's elevation to the judicial seat. The case of Bartlett v. Noake and others was then called on ; and after Mr Miller had stated the facts '- of the case, the jury went out by special train to St. Leonards to view the dam, which is the main bone of contention, at Lower Verulain farm, the Court adjourn ing till 2 o clock. The Court resumed at' tiie appointed hour, and continued with out interruption till C o'clock, when half a d'zen witnessej for the plaintiff were cillsd. The Court then adjourned till 10 o'clock to-day, and from present appear ances it is likely to occupy the greater portion uf the day. ; Chinese Progress. — The days of the ancient willow pattern ware are passing away, and China, as in other things, is taking lessons from Europe in the fiiie; arts. . Her latest development is iu tiie direction of warlike pictures, with scenes, of the present Franco-Chinese war, for their subject. We have a very good, specimen before us in a copy1 of the , Ilivstratcd Sydney News, supplied to jus | by Mr John Fitzgerald, of George-street. One of the plates is a representation of the attack of the French pu , Bacninh. It is, at all events, a1 decided j improvement on the Chinese pictures given to the world hitherto, though possibly it is not flattering to: Johnhy. Crapaud, who is evidently going to get the worst of the encounter, while the per spective and general outline, as in our contemporary's delineation of the Mona Vale encampment, are decidedly question able, and suggest a diseased imagination on the part of the artist. Tne supple ment to the -A'eira is one that will be welcome to all Australians, as giving a vivid colored illustration of the embark ation of the New South Wales contingent. Some of the engravings also 'deal 'with other phases of the same subject, and are well worth studying, while the aquatic world will obtain for the eye -and mind from the engiaving of the great race for the championship between Beach and Haulon, besides views of Samoa, Norfolk Island, and some interesting reading matter both of facts and romance. PuiMrnvE' Methodist Missionary Services. — The annual tea and public, meeting in connection with the above missionary services took place on Monday evening in the school-room, Frederick street. About 150 persons sat dowji at half-past 0 to an exceedingly good spread, which was provided by the ladies in con-_ uection with the church, assisted ; by Messrs. C. Russen and F. Symons, con fectioners, of Wellington-street, to which, . it, is needless to say, serviceable justice was done. After the inner man had been perfectly satisfied, the peace of the hungry was restored, and an. adjournment was made to the church adjoining, where a public meeting was held. Mr Jas. Turner occupied the chair, and suitable stirring addresses were delivered by the' Rev.1 ,C. . Anthony, Messrs. J. G. Wright and ; W. Mooreu The church choir, 'under the leadership of Mr F. . Symons,' ' pddgjL greatly to jthe enjoyment of the -meeting by rendering some choice selections of music, between the addresses, Mis3 A. SoreMon presiding at the organ. EPlie Rev. T. W. Cameron was also notified to iddress the meeting, but owing to a very sad and unfortunate incident through ' thej death of -Mrs Cameron was unable - tp do - so. Great sympathy is felt for iMr Cameron in his sad bereavement.-- 'The ; -total proceeds resulting from the anni versary on Sunday, and the tea and public meeting on Monday, amounted to j£50, .which goes towards the Mission Fund- r A latge quantity of the Eatables having beea left over, it was decided to have a Supple- : inenlary tea, -which took place last i even ing/ the small -charge of Cd being? iiiade, Jand a goodly number sat down -thereto. After this part of the business: had been dispensed with, the tables were cleared, and a musical concert was held by the members of the recently-formed Primitive Methodist1 Brass Band, interspersed jwith singing, etc., Mr M. Bide presiding. ' The band, which has only tieen in practice soma few months, played a few' selections very nicely ; their able leader, Mr _H. Find lay, deserving great credit for! the way in which he has brought them on, 'as the band gives- promise of being a great success. ! ' The Oraxge Socibtv's OFrauL— With reference to the offer made by the local Orange Lodge of service during the alarm' of war, the -Mayor has addressed the fol lowing reply. to Mr T. fl. Gould, ch'air-' man of .-th e^meetin g at which a resolution to the' aUb^fe 'effect 'was adopted - — 'I1 Sir, — I have the honor to acknowledge re ;ceipt .,of.'your letter of., yesterday s (date, Informing me that at a meeting-' held last evening the Orangemen resolved to j offer their services „ for. the defence, of Laun ceston,' agreeing tri act with any bther body of. men formed for the same purpose ; and in the event of their services being accepted, nndertakirig to provide a idrill instructor until the alaihi of war should cease. - I desire very' cordially to thank the society whom you represent for the generous offer it. Las made. ' I will com municate it at once to the Minister, who is specially charged with providing for the defences of the colonv. and I am sure he will fully appreciate yoursoclety's patriotic spirit, and will gladly accept the services of the members -in the way proposed iif the occasion should arise.— I have the honor to be, -your obedient . servant, H. Botton, j JVjayor. . iaunceston, 14th April, 1885.' ? 'Stone-throwing. — -Youngsters oh the Sandhill have been amusing' themselves ,lately with stone-throwing by way- of settling their little disputes. As long as t£cy aim straight, and only hit' each other, no one, perhaps, will' inake much objection, but if, as yesterday,- theyjmake bad shots, and the stones fly among passengers, they will get into trouble. The sime means of offence - is pretty fashionable in Melbourne, according to the following About 40 larrikins in a mob amused themselves bv neltins a police officer with stones on Saturday night, the 28tli ult., whilst he was arrest- - ing one of their number, named James 1 Butler, whom they rescued from custody. A. mm named Maroney was fined £5 Jar a f-iniilar offence on Monday last at the City Court, Melbourne. He had been .caught at empting to steal some meat' from a butchcr named NatigEton, and while the latter was serving a customer took the opportunity of throwing three big stones at him. -' 1 Cycling.-— In another column will be ;fdund the complete handicaps foe the-; Sports to be held on Saturday- Afternoon %iext, in connection with the- Launceston 'Bicycle Club on' the Launceston Cricket 'Ground. The programme is an excellent j one, and all that is required is fine weather to make the meeting -the most sucetssful yet hold under ihe auspices of this popular club. Amongst -the entries is a well-known Victorian cyclist, Mr Anderson, who is expected to arrive from Melbourne -by the next steamer, Mersey Rowing Club. — A general meeting of the Mersey RowingjClub will be held at the Formby Hotel, this even ing, at 7 '30, for the transaction of impor tant business. The ' Young Ladies' Jodbnai.' — i We have received from 'Messrs. Walch ! Brothers and Birchall the Young Ladies' I Jonrjud for April, with colored fashion j plates of Paris fashions, and large sup- ' j.-Ieniiiiit with all the latest Paris fashions; desigu for antimacassar in poonah paint- ? ffiii 'with embroidered lace ; patterns for 1 cutting out- ladies' walking jacket, aud I Swiss belt for little girls. 'The, Lutimeri,' by the author of ' Brian Desmond,' ' Deceivers Ever,' and other popular stories, is commenced in this number, and Tuns to the close of chapter XII. ' The Fair Canadian,' by the author of ' Her'Cousin Jack,' ' The youngest Miss Born,1' and other tales, is continued. The words and music of ' Greeting.' ' The Festival Polka,' and other music composed for the Young Ladies' Journal aid in making this a very attractive number. Launceston Volunteer Rifle Regi ment. — Last night the men paraded in heavy marching order for inspection by tho commanding-officer. There were about 100 of all ranks present, including the following officers : —-Major Aikenhead, Captains Room, Martin, and Rooke, and Lieutenant Gould. An order was read stating that nominations for the position of officers would be received bv the Adiutant up to -4 p.m. on Tuesday, 2lst iast.; these must be signed by, two enrolled members of the -force, and must bear the candidate's written consent appended thereon. It was also notified that the regiment would parade at 2 p.m. on Saturday for a whole 'day parade. Alter. Inspecting the parade, the' commanding-: officer read a notice from headquarter^ in which the Commandant ' expressed.' his satisfaction at the way in which idl ranks 'had acquitted themselves iri' camp, and mentioning' the Launceston ' Volunteer Rifle Regiment in particular as being clean and smart on parade, as ' well as in' the various fatigue duties. The commanding officer stated that he had in tended to' take in the vali3e equipment^ last night, but 'owing to the unsettled state of affairs he deemed it advisable 'to allow the men to retain possession of them for' the' present. Orders ,liave 'been re ceived .from headquarters' to the' effect that one . whole day pirade will be held each week', and it is hoped.tha't all em ployers will show their' patriotism jby cjiiiing Jorward and givibg .'their men .facilities to'attencl. Pay will bis given for 'these ^ 'parades,. and the commanding officer will make every 'effort 'to Buit the men in fixing the time. The corps after svai-ds1 formed up on the drill ground, and then marched out through the principal streiets' headed by the' band. There' will Wprac ftica ' to-night' in the 'firiiig iekeircise, iad' firing with the Morris' tube. ''It* is hoped that every 'inan will 'mate, a ^Bpefcial effort to attend drill at this cStical , juncture, and if all ran ks .p'iit,' 1 their ' Bhouldera to the wheel the 'reMltS will soon ; be apparent. All ' offibets' ^ih9!' 'Sergeants of the iAflhceston/V^lanteiBr iArtillery and the Liunceston Yolunte'er'-Riifle Regi ment are 'requested to. .meet! at Sthe' Barracks to-nightat 5 p.'ni,,Vtot5iak& pre liminary aiTangements ' for tolding jthe garrison sports' on' '' Queen's Birthday, There was a good muster of the Cadet4 Corps . last' night, Staff-Sergeant Beasley being in command. . jRoad . .Trust . Election. — The annual meeting of landholders in the .Evandale Road; District 'jvill hejheid at the_ NUe Hotel, Lymington, on the 29th instJ, at' 11 o'clock, for the purpose of . electing three -trustees in the: place of Messrs. j Oeorge . Robotham, Thomas Hardman, ! .and Arthur Bartiey, who retire, but [are eligible for re-election. . . 1 ' Lord Sherbrooke's Maeriaoe.-— [The following ' notice 1 of Lord Sherbrooke's marriage appears in the English papers: — ' On -the '3rd 'iFebruary, at St. Mathias' CHurch, ' - Torquay, by the Revll T. j K'. Hicks, MLA., vicar, V iscount Sherbroeke, , to Caroline, daughter of the late Thopas ?Sneyd;*Esq.i*of Adicondje4tai?fiiaffl«dfl shire.!' - It will be. seeii -that the pretty ^little, romance got up by the Australian ^papers ,as .tb~his lordship's marry ing^ Sydney girl; ''whom he adopted, is thus ruthlessly ' knocked on the head.' . [ * . -Sudden !Death at the Don.— A corres pondent at ihe Don writes: — 'A. young manj whp was at work -here till knock off .time .on Thursday, died at hia lodgings without medical attendance. -on aid was Varied cm' Gatrarday without an inquest ibfeihg Jheldi «;H '/.- I M V. | DENTL^TRY.'^From ati advertisemehtiu another coiumrir it ' Vill be efen tSiaj; Mr A^J. Hall;'- the-Well ' kpowri dentist J-oF St. J ohn-street, is still continuing his 'practice, and has no intention' 'of relinquishing -it,i as has been surmised by soie ofT iiis patrons. . - f! Touuzi3»R the largest dividend yet paid byth'e'-totaliiator was that ipaid by a machine used at| the Auckland Racing Club on Easter Mon day. There were 839 investors of £lieach on the Short3 Handicap,! a thr|e^uarter miie race, won by Kalo; and there [were only three on the winner. This lucky trio ' received the handsome dividend i of i £251 ISs each. .. '- , — ? Modern' CREDTOrry. — N otwithftand ing the'icritical spirit of this ':sfei3ntific \ age, fcarcely a day passesj £ays the Age, j that i does not furniBh its little bundle of ptoofe ' of the apparently. ineihauBtible and, in - vincible creduiity 'of.poor human nature.: Within the last weelt ol- so we have had the record -6f twb'iilpidents in Melbourne which wonld supply a sceptical philosopher with food for'reflectioiiffoir' the rest -k 'his ?life..' The L P«sftnaster-Ge'neral being minded to put-in force the law which: 'enables' him' -to .^impound 1 leftafs | sent through the Post Office to the aotoesjsesiaf persons advertising themselves .asfortune- teuets and astrologers; it was round j that the number of dupes who contributedtheir half-crowns and half-sovereigns to the private treasury of these impudent impos tors amounted to some hundreds, and that one woman, alone had been known to re ceive as much as £10 ini stamps ih- the course of a single week. .' Almost simul taneously with flie exposure of this unex pected and not veiy flattering, testimony to the gullibility of a society whicli plumes i'self on its superior gifts, a d keeps Mr David Blair to detect its quacks and keep its humbugs in awe, we hear of 1 tne Spiritualists holding i&'C0-iversazij03i& at ! ? the AtheDasum, dat -which the public are invited to come and -see, and examine for themselves; & warranted: collection of curios from the other world— locks of spirit hair, ghost-woven . kerchiefs^ rare drawings painted by artists that no; hum -n eye has seen, : and . letters written by no human hand.' The U.S. Mail Subsidy. —The United ,§tates Senate has made an amendment to the Post Office Appropriation Act voting 80,000dol For the transport of foreign mails, including their transport across the Isthmus of Panama, and authorising^ tiie Postmaster-General to contract with the lowest responsible bidder, for the carriage of mails ' not to exceed 50 cents each nautical mii6 m tn.0 tnp each, way actually travelled between the. terminal po}ntsj but providing that such be carried -m~aSi«B^iraa^'«M'aerto^api.to of such contracts shall- not excceed one-half i the sum appropriated by the amendment. I The appropriation was ' partly opposed on the ground that it-will fall into the hands of a. few well owning steamships, and means the -revival of the old Picific -mail subsidy. Several speakers treated the subsidy as certain to fall into' the hands of the Pacific AXail Company, and said that the company already paid handsome divi dends, and stood in no need of a subsidy! The appropriation was, however, passed iD the Senate by 30 to 18. On sending the bill back to the House the subsi'iv uppro priation was disagreed upon, -and acouter -ence -appointed. At two meetings with the Senate the latter- insisted upon its addition. The House finally withdrew its opposition and passed the appropriation, whiGh will be available for subsidising the San Francisco mail service. — Dunedin i Evening Star. Ev and aie Races. — It is the intention of the sporting folk of Evandale to hold a race meeting at an early date, and with the object in view a meeting has been called for Friday afternoon next, at 4 o'clock, at Hood's Royal Oak Hotel. The Rev. James Beattie. — In conse quence of the Rev. J. L:ndsay's leave of absence from Chalmers' Church, Prince's Square, the pulpit will shortly be; occu pied by the Rev. James Beattie, who has engaged berths for himself and Mrs Beattie on board the Ionic, one of Messrs. Shaw, Saville, aud Albion Company's steamers, to leave London for Hobart via ? New Zealand ports, on the 23rd inst. Mr Bea'tie lias been the pastor at Streatham, in Surrey, for some time, and we take from the Presbyterian the following notice respecting a valedictory tea-meeting held there : — ' The annual meeting of the con gregation was held oil Wednesday even ing, the ISth February, and was very largely attended. After tea, the chair was taken by the pastor, the Rev. James Beattie, and the proceedings opened with praise arid prayer. In addition to its usual business and social character, the meeting partook of the nature of a fare well to Air and Mrs Beattie, who are shortly to leave the neighborhood aad stirt for another sphere or labor in Tas mania. The Chairman, however, iu his opening remarks, expressed a hope that the wonted happy tone of their annual meetings might not be absent on this occasion, notwithstanding their pre sent circumstances, aad while it is not possible to omit references to the mourn ful separation so near, the key note thus struck was sought to be nuiutained by succeeding speakers. In regard of the growth aud prosperity of the congregation, - the chairman was able to speak of greater increase in church attendance and mem bership than iii any previour year, while several new enterprises (including a Sun day morning children's service) had been cHmlnericeJ, and were meeting with very cheering success.. Church Praise had been introduced with much acceptance during the year, and the congregational singing hai undergone marked improve ment under the skilful conduct of the organist, Mr F. Rooke, with the assist ance of the choir, which he has formed find . trained with much zeal and success. !Ihe financial report, submitted by the treasurer, also shoved substantial increase in the revenue, both from collections and from ppw rents, and a good balance in hand at . , tiie close of the year ; and the fepojrts t |of the Sunday-school and of other ' branches of work were full -of -encouragement. Towards the close of, tiie meeting, Mr, E. Jennings, one of the elders, in a few appropriate words, presented to Mr Beattie, in the name of the congregation, a j purse of sovereigns (amounting to £72) as a mark of their re gard and attachment to himself and to Mrs Beattie, and of appreciation of their ( devoted and unceasing ' labors in their -behalf. A handsome, set of fruit spoons was also presented tp Mrs Beattie from I attached members of her Sunday Bible class.' In replying, with much emotion, for himself and for his wife, the chairman assured the congregation that he would, often think of them and of the kindness he had experienced from them during the years of his ministry among them ; ana in wishing them farewell, affectionately charged tli6m to maintain the same spirit - o.f .unity aud brotherly love which had Hitherto characterised them as a congre gation, and which had rendered his years of; work in Streatham so happy to himseif. During the .evening the meeting (was addressed by Mr Thomas Boll, Ham- : .stead ; and the proceedings were enlivened by music and song.' | A Russian Fleet in the Pacifip. — The Russian fleet which was recehtly Reported to be hovering about the Pacific, ; evidently with' the intention of dropping .down unexpectedly upon the Australian ! coast in the event of hostilities occurring between, England and Russia,' the JJaily 1'degraph says, appears to have had a veritable existence. It lias transpired that the Government received a confiden tial dispitch from Singapore on the 27th of March last, warning them to keep a sharp look-out for the General Admiral, a Russian ironciad of great power, which was at the Cape of Good Hope, and was ? supposed to be en route for Australia. . Steps were at once taken to ascertain the facts of , the case, and to have as far as -possible. the_movements of the vessel watched. . Unfortunately, the interruption of tbe Zanzibar cable interfered with the success of the.scheme. Mr Service tele,- , graphed to Sir Hercules Robinson, j the .Governor of Cape Colony, asking for 'in- f oraiation on the subject, but owing ,,to the interruption of the cable, .the. reply was only received yesterday. Sir Hercules Robinson states that there were six Rus sian warships at the Cape about the latter end of February, and that after a short stay in port they all jvent to sea. It was given out by the Russians that one-half the fleet was destined for Europe, and the other half for India, but there was nothing to show th it this was really the case. It was supposed th^t the vessels were uesumea ror tne r acme. 1 lie name of one of the vessels is gi ven in Sir Hercules Robinson's message, but it has been mutilate! in transmission to such au ex tent that it cannot be clearly made out. It is supposed that this vessel is the . General Admiral already spoken of The captain of a vessel which arrived in Hob son's Bay during the latter part of last TOonth, fltites that whilst -on the voyage down from the Eastern Archipelago i .to Melbourne, he passed a fleet of sixteen'' Russian 'ships, apparently bound for Aus tralia. Victorias War Preparations. — A special meeting of the Cabinet, at which the Premier, Mr Berry, Mr Gillies, Colonel Sargood, aud Mr Thornly were present, was held on Saturday, the Argus sayp, for the purpose of considering various matters of importance connected with, the forces of the colony. The: com mandants of the naval and military1 1 ? -1 ? C JL. .1 . r ? r ^ J uiauuuea ui uie ueience ioree3 were con sulted as to the general effectiveness of the organisations uuder their control, and the reports of both officers were generally reassuring. The commandants were in vited to suggest what could be done to in crease the effectiveness of the forces, in view of the prospect of war bsing de clared within a few days. Captain Thomas, while stating that he would be aoie to cuatieuge an enemy alter tour hours' notice, asked to be furnished with additional officers and men. It was de- ' cided, in compliance with his request-, t'- engage five officers, eight engineers, and 12 stokers. The five officers will be chosen from those who recently offered their cer vices to the. Government iu. the eveyt of their being-required, and who were placcd on the unattached list, and the selection ot Captain -Payne, Captain Panter, and Captain Mandevills for active service has already bec-n determined upon. Colonel Disney stated that everything was in readiness for calling out ths whole of ihe 1 militaiy forces at the shortest notice, and : concentrating them at the points most likely to be threatened with attack. He j was authorised to at once enrol the 50 additional men required to brin-* the Permanent 'Artillery force up to its fu'l complement of 175 men, and to engage 25 mounted men for scouting purposes. In the event of a declaration of war, a pro clamation 'will be issued at once calling out all the forces of the colony. All the members of . the Naval Reserve will ba Eentiifl-i.it forthwith, aud tha land foicss wilt bo placed under arics. Both Captain Thom- sand Co' oriel Distic-y expressed the opinion that all tint could be done with the resources at haul to prepare the golony against an invasion had been done. Buiike's V Old Irish Whisky, warranted free ftoni fusil oil Suld everywhere Darin's. Cosisieecial School, Chalmers' School-room, St. John-street — The course of instruction is thoroughly practical, comprising all the branches of a sound English education Miscellaneous. — Albert Chamberlain, the colored man who got a sentence for assaulting a young girl in Launceston, has been sentenced to five years' hard labor, with nine months' solitary confine ment, at the Melbourne General Sessions, for housebreaking. — Annie Proctor, the girl arrested here, and taken back to Melbourne on a charge of child desertion, was sentenced to nine months' imprison ment, the first week in each month in solitary confinement. This species 'of punishment is greater than at first appears as witness the scenes depicted in Charles Reade's 'Never too Late to Mend.' — The fire in tha Flinders-street Station of last Thursday evening was caused by a kerosene lamp exploding. Its burning fragments were scattered around, and in a moment the bench and everythingon it, including a small quantity of oil, ignited, and the whole place was in flames. . .Eyrie ran to the hose which was nearest at hand, but finding the water supply insufficient to extinguish the fast spreading flames he gave alarm, which brought several of the railway offi cials to the spot. In spite of all efforts in a very few minutes the fire had obtained a complete mastery over the building, and nothing more could be dons until the arrival of the Insurance Brigade. The illumination while the fire had pos session of the shed caused an immense crowd to assemble in the street, and for the remainder of the night the Brighton trains' were started from the. opposite platform. Five minutes after the firemen arrived on the scene, the flames were com pletely extinguished, aud all further dan ger-was at an end. The damage done was confined to the shed aud its contents. This involves a serious question as to the safety of the lamps used for lighting the railway carriages, and Mr Speight has resolved upon having a strict investigation made, with the object of ascartaining under what conditions such a lamp as .the one in question would explode. More efficient arrangements are a's.-i to be made for the speedy extinction or fires at all the station buildings, by having proper apparatus placad conveniently at hand. Railway Accident in Victoria. — A rather serious accident happened ob the Ballarat railway line on Thursday even ing. Just as the ten minutes past seven train from Ballarat to Melbourne was ap proaching the ITendon station, a young man named D. Ballantyne, with his brother, and another young man, started to cross the line. The two last indicated got across safely, but the other, who. ap parently ; -did not pbserve the train^was knocked down 'by the engine .^uid ,run o ver. He' was as quickly as possible con veyed to Ballarat and placed in the hospital. It was supposed that he had received severe internal injuries, ; but at the time the official reports of the occur rence were prepared for the information of the Railway Commissioners, the exact nature of his injuries had not been ascer tained. , Serious Assault at Albert Park:. — Another very serious assault came under the notice of : the South Melbourne police (the Daily Telegraph says) on Friday night, mainly brought about ; by the effects of drink. At 7 o'clock the infor mation came that two women, giving in Gray-street, off Fausset-atreet, Albert Park, , named Johanna Richardson and iMizabetn foimmons, bad; been engaged m a quarrel, and the latter had been seriously injured. Constable Moore, who was despatched to the house, on making enquiries, found that the woman Richard eon hid struck the other a violent blow over the head with a hammer, necessi tating her removal to the Alfred Hospital. Both were married women, and lived next door, . to each.- other, the quarrel being carried on over the dividing fence of the back yards of the two houses. The injured woman is the wife of a cabman, and when admitted into the hospital was found to have sustained a severe fracture of the skull. Mrs Richardson, who has several children, was taken to the ,lqck-up on a charge of having committed an assault'with intent to do grievous bodily harm. . ^ Rementi as a Speedy Traveler. — The Dunedin Evening Star of April 7 gives_ the following instance of speedy transition by the world - renowned violinist: —'From Napier to Christ church in 48 hours is quick travelling, aind that was accomplished last week by Edouard Remenyi and -his. company. Leaving Napier by train at 7'30 a ih. on Tuoorloxr fJiOTT o Or Vi. ;i ? i _ i -j, ov tuuesza Tahoarifce. Thence to Masterfcon, 90 miles by coach, and the trip - by irail to Wellington was 71 more. They just suc ceeded in catching the Hawea tbdre, and were landed in Lyttleton on Friday morn ing, thus doing the total distance of 4*20 miles -in about 48 hours. [ Russian' Heavy Ordnance. — : Very large orders for naval artillery: have re cently been given out at the OboukhofF Steel Works, near St. Petersburg, which is virtually a Government establishment, and under the control of officers of the War Department. The orders given by the Minister of Marine comprise two 12-inch guns for the ironclad Katrina II., now m course of construction at Nico laieff ; four 11-inch guns for turret frisates. nine 9-inch guns for monitors, 17 6-inch guns for thB corvettes Rynda, Vityaz, and Bobr ; six 9-pounders for tbe Btibr, eight 4-poundeis for the Rynda and Vityaz, and two 2J-inch field pieces ' for other vessels There are also large requisitions for shot and shelL All the steel for the guns is of home -production, and made at the Government works at Briansk, where a'sV'is.jpr6duced the steel for the new ironclads Nicolaieff and ; :.'SebastopoI. Steel manufacture is. being very much en couraged at the present time in Ttnsnia The small-arms factory at Sestroretsk is entirely supplied with steel made at Zlataoust, which also furnishes the 12 pounder guns used by the Russian Artillery. Prince Belozensky has estab lished large steel work® at Eatal- Ivanova and has obtained from the Government an order for steel rails which will keep his works employed for several years to come . Tenders are imited for the supply of 200 tons of firewood in taUets 2ft long, for the Parattah ^ I ^ r „r-aJS?y- Tte tenders are to be sent in to Mr B. TT. Lord, manager of the L. and W. Railway. OI Messrs. Overall apd Company ' announce °rt,C!e8 °f very t ^be the St, Andrews ?e Wlllbeheld at the Masonic TTull this evening, at 7 '30 o'clock. ' ' 