SPORTING INI ELLIG BACK. RACING. The injury to the hearing strong Plate colt Philip Augustus, in not so serious as at first thought He strained a fetlock on Tuesday morning The following scratching was posted Yea terday at the U.C. office -Bristol out of the Melbourne Cup 1 he scratchings for the 'S TC spring meeting yesterday were -Washington out of the Great Four Stakes Sunny Boy out of the Caulfield Guineas blasted out of the 1 oor iU H dicap and Caulfield Cup Clansman out of the Hunters Cup THE lit HING M\IUvl_I There were some important moves in the betting on the Caulfield Cup yesterday, the prices showed, a receding ten deep in a few prominent inst inces In the first place Lord 1 Peter and Velocipede were brought together 100 to 8 about each being taken to a lot of money after which 100 to 9 was the best offer Helene found supporters at 100 to and 2000 to SO was hooked about Gratitude and about St Lawrence 1 2000 to 60 v. is secure i all round, when 5,000 to 200 was offered Lord XV Ilton a great gallop in the morning. did not lend to business the price r Here 1 not bcin.cutteing enough Notwithstanding the near proximity of the Caulfield Guineas not a hue mia written 100 to 30 b ing after a Monte Christo and as was reported yesterday, there will be no genuine better;, till the. numbers go up for the Melbourne Derby, 4 to 1 was accepted to good money about Nordenfelt, and 100 to 30 was then offered First Chester was backed to win £1000 at 11 lol, whilst Thunderbolt was in demand at 10 to 1 and Remus at 100 to 6 A new candidate came into prominence in Isonomy, for whom quite £10 000 was secured from 100 to 6 down, and when the market stopped at half that figure Nordenfelt was backed for the double of the Derby an 1 Cup at 1 000 to 00 and every shilling was appropriated about Nordenfelt with Trenton and Liverpool at 1 000 to in The Melbourne Cup showed little change The following are the prices - CAULFIELD GUINEAS. 100 to 30 ogat Monto Christo (off) CAULFIELD CUP'. 12 to 1 agst Velocipede (tk and w d) 12 - Lord severity and did) 100 - 7-Helene (tk and off) '20 - Claptrap (tk and off) 2a - Gratitude (tk and off) 25 - 1 The Andas (tk and off) 23 - St. Lawrence (tk and off) 25 - St. John (tk and off) 83 - Vergy (tk) 33 - Grace Darling (tk and off) 33 Vision (tk and off) 33 - Marie Louise (w d). UAItlDrilN'ONO PLATE. I 5 to 1 agst Acme (off) 7 2-1 Maddin (off) 100 - Philip Augustus (off). ARC. DERBY. 4 to 1 agst Nordcufelt (tk, 100 to 30 off) 0 - First Chester (wd) 2 loo -12 Isonomy (tk and off) 10-1 Dunlop (tk and off) 10 - Monte Christo (tk and off) 10 - Thunderbolt (tk and off) 100 - 8 Winchester (tk) 100 - Thomas (tk and off) 100 - 6-The Bondi (off) 100 - 0 Uralla (off). MELBOURNE Oct". 14 to 1 agst Nordonfelt (tk and off) 15 - Lord Exeter (tk and off) 14 - Trenton (tk and off) 20 - Coronet (tk and off) 20 - 1 Prince Imperial (off) 20 - Honeydew (off) 20 - 1 Liverpool (to and wd) 25 - 1 Commotion (off) 25 - regarding (the and of) 25 - Toni Brown (tk and off) 25 - Shoot Anchor (tk and off) 33 - Cerise and Blue (tk and off) 33 - Brown and Rose (tk and off). 33 - Stornoway (tk and off) SPORTING TELEGRAMS. (FROM OUR. CORRESPONDENTS.) COLAC, THURSDAY. The annual meeting of the Colac Turf Club was held this afternoon, when the report and balance sheet were adopted The office-bearers for the ensuing year were elected, namely -President Mr John Calvert, vice president Mr T Collins, committee, Messrs I A Murray, jan , L G. Calvert C Ul arrest, I W Sherren A S Murray, A '1 Taylor, John I late, W Robertson. M L A , T Marshall, C M'Culloch, J Gleeson, T C Murray I Stewards Messrs A, Murray, jun, ii O Calvert, C L Forrest, W Sherren, C M'Cul- loch, J Uae. It was decided to hold a meeting on Boxing Day, as usual, in addition to the summer meeting, the programme for which will be shortly issued. NEWMARKET, THURSDAY NIGHT Helene was seized with inflammation to-night, and died in her box at 20 minutes past 11, 2 FLEMINGTON 'TRAINING NOTES A numerous crowd assembled on the track jester a day morning in the expectation of witnessing the finishing touches to the Caulfield Ou In LUX candidates, and they were not disappointed, the gallops being fast and furious between daylight and half-past 7 Prior to day breaking- a smart shower fell, but the rain cleared off, and with the exception of a biting wind this morning was very enjoyable As usual, St. Odille and Doncaster opened pro Dealing, doing seven furlongs in 1m 40s The Ibraelitowas the next to appear, and after going away!., for a bit he struck out for a two mile gallop, covering a furlong short of that distance in Jin. ss. Helene et rod of once round, and V C and Wimbo Walton, after a preliminary spurted home Stonor cantered a round of the sand, and then did the journey fast in 2m 3ozs Commotion moved slowly on the tan exhibiting no symptoms of lameness Oudcis and\anguard were put through a sweating bouton the outer track, and Lcporollo, after an ab- sence, went slowly Kit Nubbles galloped a couple of miles in good style, whilst Stoncbroko piloted by Cracknell, was apportioned the same amount of work Murphy bowled Middlemarch along and then Monte Christo in company with Tempe, claimed attention The pair were sent for a (first mile Use furlong of which was done in 1m 12s., and the entire distance in 1m 02s Bob Cooper was kept pounding away three times round the sand Win chester thunderbolt, and Liverpool were in dulled, the latter subsequently doing a useful BW eat The Ace had good work, and I laudable like Commotion went slowly on the tan tack, but Arsenal and The Trawler were extended on the sand Lantern and Ruby galloped three times round lm irons, as they went The two year olds Acme, Brigantine and lanierH w ore slipped for half a mile, and the line mined SODII parted with her companions doing, the Journey her knee Lavington and Mia Cars went together finishing, with a fast four furlong Juanda and lacrosse worked stood, together, the last six furlongs being an exceptionally foot per formants. Prince Imperial and Trenton were sent once round fast to New Zealand in his sheets Am horse w Enslow 9 but Sardius look big bright and w ci), did some sound w or It Uralla after doing slow 11, wound up with a fast mile Maddelina Repose and Lara galloped a fast half-mile in which the former appeared to have a shade the worst of it is in L. master i and Lucky Hit worked in company over a fast mile at the end of which the u In CM colt was pulling over the grey mare Chuckster went a strong mile, an 1 Lesbia strode along, the sand track fresh which worked Mainsail Waterloo linnUman, and Port Bonheur on the course Off Colour and fairest J 1 r nee commenced with a steady turn after which they went round at full speed Dividend and hen noth spurted home whilst Despot and Nordenfelt performed over a mile and a half at full speed bird II scratch and Dunlop did a last mile the last of fur] on is in 1m -7s and the former seemed to have a bit in hand Honeydew had a smart found on the outer track and Coroner (in his food) was given good striding work over a couple of circles, country for, fat John and Tarpeia doing, the same Lord Exeter went at three quarter pace for a mile and a half and Alpha and Trojan had some useful work Hawthorne -trot along and Bill under, after a turn on the tan shifted to the outer track and went fast bout Maid, Egbert, and I Chatsworth were extended and Acolyte and St. Lawrence did some strong work while Ravens worth had a brisk found on the course where they come Jack and Cenoa lil owner did a fast mile The i,reat(,nllop of the morning was done by Lord Wilton who started off w Uli Jibbon the latter dropping out, when Childe Harold brought the Caulfield Cup horse home, the round being marked as -in. 3)s which was a brilliant performance Tim Lee paced twice round the tan and Joeiitarand Ino Agent did a mile in 1m Mis Scaramouche and 1 comes also doing fast work After bred fast Monatteh end Strugfjcr ran a mile in lm 5 5 while Anita covered half a mile in 53s and Damocles an 1 UtopU the Fame your as. in its more Hobart and Duration did a good mile in his Mis., which pretty well c\ haunted the morning 's work of importance In the afternoon The Pencil went three rounds, on the course track lorlornliopo had the best of Van guard In a strong round a Irotoifirtjr 11th taking the place of Vanguard on his retirement First Consul and Menotti bruche 1 home half a mile and the remainder of the work was restricted to ordinary i excuse CAULririjD TRAINING NOTES A fair amount of strong work was done on the Caulfield training tracks yesterday morning Lady Ashton commenced by striding twice round, and Don Giovanni with Lord Chancellor, did a smart half ' mile MoHsHnce and Kinship went a strong mile, and bosworth and Ited Jam after can terns I, struck out for a hit-run home C asilicr, Gasometer, Parody and Sickle were keen useful every care and Mozart after "being slowly), day a good working allen Sid couent to this, Orl Ando joined Mozart and when Highland Chief participate in the latter part of a mile and a half spin mink Bonny and Hippogriff went the Cup journey in good st) to the mare particularly distinguishing herself Grace Darling also covered the Cup distal />o being joined respectively by Clifton and flic Ghost the latter of whom was beaten long before the finish v Won and Master Pinetop did a strong (gallop together whilst Velocipede went a mile and a hall at, three parts speed EaJeGrantre Umberto, and I Jbbin worked strongly, and Llhvood bru bed home 7_r half a mile in smart style hole and Louis were n at six furlongs estopped, and St Ellen, with MAter John, did half a mile fast, Cimorinc and Manxman covering the same distance Albanus and Chandos worked sum turf and Land went a strong man. Waverley and Melodious ran a strong five fuel lines A number of other horses exercised and work ed slowly during the morning-, PIGEON SHOOTING. MELBOURNE. GUN CLUB The above club will open their new ground at North Brighton, to-day when a trophy, given by the President, will be shot for The number of birds is 0 with a £1 option at sw coastal 1 prior to commencing shooting there will be a luncheon to celebrate the opening of the ground The 12 30 train for North -Brighton will be in time HURLINGHAM GROUNDS The usual weekly shooting took place yesterday at the above grounds, when several sweepstakes were shot for The winners were Messrs. Stubbings, Ueiirid;>( Cr inwood ii d Clifton On Tuesday next an Condran is up will be sim f r TILL -like Is union divided into three prizes Entries (- vehicles on Satins day to J Cullen Brae ton Club Hotel North Dri hto I The weekly dance of 1 sol la" be declared on the. ground -RUTH MELBOURNE ROWING CLUB Trill board met in -'line will be held on the lake at Albert | ark on Saturday 4th inst h africa clot at the boathouse on Saturday 10th inst, at 6 o clot.). At the am ml meeting. of! the VI 1 amstown Homing Club held on Thursday He inst the follow ill-effect bearers were elected for the ensuing; season - Tationi Dr J G Bailey Meters. 1- I- Beare and is Meares MLC's i resident, Mr A T Clark, M LA. MOO presidents Crs Goldie, Hopman and Stewart Messrs. R li Croker G H Roberts C Lindsay) W W illliUM F sold to J Styles, and s K. led captain Mr T Uti!, net captain Mr R Donaldson hon secretary Sir M Ogden nell treasurer, Mr M M Lean committee Messrs W Donaldson J Evans W Penna D M Lewis W Malic, h. ci Moss, and two lions representative on the Vic LAWN TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP The matches (or the single handed championship of the Melbourne Cricket Club were continued yesterday on the courts of the club in the presence of a large number of spectators, amongst whom the majority were ladies. The first matches played were those between Miss Paterson and Miss Maguire, the former winning by U granted, to the. Miss Shaw beat Miss Minor in 13 parties to se on The final nets for the Ladies Championship will to passed this day at 3 o'clock between Miss Shaw and Mrs. Paterson In the prisoners single championship Mr L A Whyte boat F J HLhetc by 25 points to 10 and R J a Bldtltll beat L Webb of 25 to 15 The final set will take place today at 280 between Messrs W Whyte and Riddell. 