OYER THE MURRAY. (FROM OCB OWN CORRESPONDENT,) January 17, 188S. Society here is blnshing at present at having mode such on egregious ass of itself as to receive without question and hospitably entertain' a couple of gentlemanly adventurers, who intro dnccd themselves aa near relatives ol.on English peer, but who will shortly bo introduced to their Worships in connection with a series of charges for obtaining money and goods under false pre tences. The facility with which designing knaves of this description can obtain admission to the exclusive mansions of Toorak and Sonth Yam shows bow dearly our shoddy aristocracy lovos to be patronised byi a lord, or even by the scapegrace relative of a lord. Titles are getting to be loved for their own sake here as mnch as in America, nnd any smart scamp of good address who puts np at tlih Grand Hotel, or Scott's or Menzles, and gives out tlmt ho is a travelling sprig of nobility, will be sure to have callers by the scoro and plenty of invitations to the fashionable snburbs. In a week or two tho flattered parents will think it a high honor to see him escorting their daughters to the theatre, and if the party is ont a littla later than usual, nil the better chanci of a possible alliance with tho peerage. But after a month or two of high life in the suburbs, the wily adventurer begins to feel that the game is up in that quarter — tradesmen - commence to make inquiries, Hebrew money lenders get suspicious, bills are accumulating, and suddenly near relative of the English peer becomes invisible, and the aristocratic young ladies of tiro suburbe are shocked to hear that they have been paying court to a scheming impostor. So many cnacs of this kind have occurred of iate years tlrnt really Melbourne society should hy thiatimo havo learnt wiedom by experience. But now a lord of some sort seems to be o social necessity, in our mansions, aad if a real life one is uot obtainable, why a mnke-belicvo one is bettor than none at all. Probably the most talkcd-about topic of tlic week has been the action of the Victorinn Cricket ers' Association in issuing n sontencc of disqualifi cation against Boyle, Blackhnm, Bonnor, Palmer, Bcott, and M'Donnell, for their money-grubbing propensities. Public opinion, as far as is ascer tainable, applauds the decision, inasmuch as all patrons of the national game are deeply disgusted at the mercenary tactics pursued hy the lost. Aus tralian Eleven since their return home. Gate- money, no donbt, was an essential consideration when fulfilling their engagements in England, but the moment the eleven landed on Australian soil, that consideration should no longer weigli with them, nnd their services should lie generously given to their colonies, without discreditable squabbling about the terms. Mr Justice Williams, on whose motion thesixnforcsaid cricketers were disqualified from representing this colony for the future, hit the nail pretty squarely on the head when he said they had dragged Aus tralian cricket through the mire. Of course nobody believes that the sentence will be perma nent, nevertheless, it will teach these conceited gentlemen a much needed lesson, nnd show thorn that they arc not the only representative cricketers that Victoria can place in tne field. That poor old cranky nranteur lawyer, J. B. 13 lack, it has now been determined on the best professional testimony, was really murdered, and did not commit suicide as the coroner declared at the time. Early the other morning the old man's body was exhumed, and after n short examination the doctors bad indisputable evidence that he nail been strangled with unusual violence, that his throat was then cut, and a razor placed in his hand to lead to the belief that he had committed suicide. The ruse deceived everybody, the coroner included, and Slack would have gone down to posterity as a cantankerous litigant, who cut short his own career, had it not been for the confession of tho upnvict Barnes, who is shortly to be charged with murder. Very aaturally this curious case ha« given rise to an uneasy JXeeling that fcoroners' inquests arc too often but mere matters of form, twelve miscel laneous citizcaa being hurriedly rounded up by the police to view a dead body and sign their names to a document drawn up by the coroner nnd spe cifying what in his opinion was the cause of death. Besides, a coroner lias sometimes three or four in quests to hold in ona day and he has neither ttic wish nor tho time to hear the whole of tlic evidence. In Black's case bad a doctor been em ployed to hold a post mortem examination, it would have been immediately discoverad that a murder Iiad bten committed, not a suicide. Con sidering how fond ha was of gaing to law with everybody when in the fleab, it is a wonder that old Slack's ghost has not been seen hovering around the courts with the object of entering an action far slander against the coroner, Those medical men are model christians in the love thay exhibit towards each other. At the recent meating of the Medical Society of Victoria, it was actually proposed and carried that any member of the aociety engaging in consultation on any case with homeopathic practitioner sliould ba deemed gnilty of unprofessional conduct. In stead of thus wasting tbeir time and temper on such trumpery points of etiquette, some of those wealthy CoUins'-street doctors should better the example of their brother, Dr Singleton, who hns erected a commodious mission hall in the very centre of tho hack sinms. It has just been en larged and improved, and. even if the vicious pcotle who surround it on all sides never enter it» wnlls, the very presence of such a building in their midit is a sort of standing sermon. It turns ont that the Castlcmainc case of small pox is the result of a letter received from an in fected house in England, and therefore the Central Board of Health is urging the Government to fumigate the mails, immediately on arrival at the Heads. But there are such practical dillienlties in tho way of doing this disinfecting business systematically, that the suggestion is not likely to he adopted. For instance, it is urged that if the fumigation is to bo thorough and satis factory, all letters and papers must be token out of their Vngs, and this would involve the long and tedious process of re-sorting them. To tho Postal Department that will be an insuperable objection, and we shall have to chance infection from hand ling our home correspondence. There is a much nearer source of danger and disease in the drain ing channel of the West Mclhonrne swamp, which has been reported to be at present a mass of putrid filth and corruption— a nice state of things on the verge of a populous city. In America such a swamp in close proximity to a big and thriving centre would have been filled in, elevated, and covered with houses years ago, But ire prefer to keep it low-lying, dirty, and n disgrace to the city it environs. Jn another direction, however, good work is being done by the Harbour Trust in buy ing out tho noxious trades that have so long held possession of Sandridge and tho southern bank of the Yarra and which have occasionally placed passengers on the river steamers under the neces sity of holding their noses for lialf-an-liour at a stretch. A new political organisation, entitled the " Education Union League," is to be launclicd in a few day?, and will probably play an active part at tho coming general election. It is to be worked on the lines indicated by the Hon. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.O., in his speech on New Year's Day, and the late Premier, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, will be one of it» leading spirits. All the power and influence of th Boman Catholic Church will be brought to bear on tho promotion of tlic move ment. The Bible in State Schools League, too, is stirring, and there is every indication of another big fight over that perennial bono of contention— tbe Education Act. Nothing more cynical and unblushing in its impudence has happened here for many a day than the cool announcement of the milkmen that if they are to be fined £20 for watering the milk tbey must insist on raising tha price of that necea- sary commodity. Of course we have all been pretty well aware that our milk was systemati cally watered, but that the scoundrels who bave been regularly cheating us should tell us so to our very face is adding inAult to injury. Neverths- less, w grin and bear it, for tbey are tho master of th domeatio situation, and we silently acquiesce in their new departure of supplying us with professedly pure milk at an advance on th old price, even although wc believe in our heart that the pupipe will not havo a long holiday after all. 