TCTRF GOSSIP. Br AWJUB. Readers of this journal are pretty veil conversant with the reasons for the action of the South Australian Jockey Club in changing the venue from the pretty little racecourse of Morphetvilleto the head-quarters of Victorian racing, FTemington. The abolition of the totalisator was a deathblow to the &.A.J.C.. and as a continuance of the sport without the assistance of the instrument meant fiuaii cial ruin, so the step waataken; and thU afternoon Victorians willhtve an Opportunity tof stating'Sotath'Atastrntf&tiBin; catryinfcout their meeting- bit' the banks of the Saltwater River. The programme-put forth is worthy of idie leading club of Sonth Australia, and is well deserving ot patronage from all wjio take an interest in turf contests. AB is cus tomary,'a& .important meetings, the racing will commence with & Hurdle liaoe, in which Sir Patrick heads the list at list 12 tb., but I would prefer to atand Hazard at the saiqe weight ? The Agent meets Hazard on 71b. better terms than when the former won at the V.&C.; Autumn 'Meeting, and this should bring tfre pair. together. Gaaalier has her full share; but Student looks well enough treated «tltot 12ih.; and Minerva is burly well in at lOat. 61b., BO is her country* man Echo at d$t. 101b. - TetUer, too, is nicely handicapped, but I've a fancy for HAKABD and MINEBVA. The St Leger is not likely toattra£t a large field. Silver King is the head of the bunch, but he may find The Broker a more formidable foe than he was in the A.J.C, St Leper. Sandal, who has arrived from Adelaide, is a probable starter, and as it is likely to be a slow-run race sue may effect Bach a surprise as die did in the Cauliield Guineas, when she spread eagled her opponents. "Berkeley is among those nominated, but his' owuer may prefer to reserve him for the Goodwood Handicap, in which case we may expect a Rood race between Silver ; King, The Broker, and Sandal, and ~tliey should finish iu the order named. The Goodwood Handicap appears to be a, problem far more difficult ot. solution. Siucc the weights appeared the public have had an-opportunity of Seeing several of the engaged horses perform at Caulfield, and Topaz,- Uncas,' St' L&wrfeiiee;, and Lord Wilson] ai (performed .creditably.^ By the first-named "victoryhe haa not incurred a penalty, and he'is eo fit just now that he looks a real good thing at 7st 91b. The South Australians have two other good strings. in Lord Wilton and. Lantern, the latter a very useful-looking-son-of Wild Eagle, the sire of that tiseful horse Merlin. Uncas- has "to put up a penalty of 71b., which will bring his weight up to Gst. 131b., -and as St Lawrence will meet him on 121b. better terms, the son of Glorious should turn the tables. Duenna should have a chance at 7st. 71b., and so should Lord Exeter at 7st 61b.; but TOPAZ looks a good thing, and next to him I like IRONMASTER and LORD WILTON, the Sires' Produce Stakes will prove a match between JCAXNA and THE TEACHEB ; and for the Victoria Handicap I fancy MEANDER, HONORA, and DERISION. The Second day will open with the Maiden Plate, which should be won by HAUPSTEAD. The weights for the Nursery Handicap have not been declated. Next to this is the Adelaide Gup, an event to which consider able interest has always been attached. I expect to see about 20 horses go to the post, and to.see such a field competent Flemington ought to be worth the trouble of a visit to headquarters. The distance is a mile and three-quarters, and Heady every animal en gaged is capable ol compassing it Welcome Jack is at the head of the list, but I doubt it his day has yet- arrived. He was lame after the V.R.C. meeting, and is not, perhaps, himself just now. With all his weight Reginald . wonld be dangerous, and Ring wood at 8st. l21b. reads as well as any thing engaged:, T don't know what to make of Off Colour. He hasn't shown anything like his true fortntlus season, and if he wins this race what will be said of his late run ning at Flemington and Rand wick? Blink Bonny fairly tombed' home in the Autumn Handicap; in winch she carried 8$t 71b. a and now with 41b. more she should be dangerous. Sardiua has done well since he arrived from Adelaide, .bat I doubt if he is yet cheny ripe. Silver King may give place to Conjecture. Madcap is one of the best mares in Aus tralia, and with 8st 71b. she will take a deal of beating. Coriolanns had a rare gruelling at the A.J.C; meeting, and it was hardly judicious on the part of Mr. J. D. Robertson to pull him out for the three-mile race just after he had run a great race for a miie-and-a-half handi cap. I think the distance of the Adelaide Gup just suited to him, and as he has a wonder ful constitution, which may not be affected by the hard work he did in Sydney, it is just probable that he may reward his owner this time. David may run a good little horse under 8st 41b., but it is doubtful if either he or Camerine will land Mr. Davis's colours first past the post If Prometheus is thoroughly fit he should play a very promi nent part in this Adelaide Cup. Grace Darling shaped indifferently last Saturday, and on that form should not be dangerous, but if Plausible be as fit as when ne won the V.R.CL Handicap he should ran very forward. Hilltop is an uncertain customer, but Vergy, when well, is reliable enough, and some day will land a good thingfor Mr. Lang. Hazard has yet to make a name on the flat, oad so has Kingship, albeit the latter won a race in moderate company at Sale. The Broker keeps improving, and with 7st 71b. he should be veiy handy at the finish. Anchorite and Anglesey seem to be two horses that |cannot be depended upon, and Conjecture up to' the present time has not been a good speculation for young James Wilson, though the mare seems to be in ex cellent fettle just now, and may at last repay him for the money and trouble he has ex pended upon her. Ruby is a real good little mare, and at7st she should run a very merry race. Britisher has always been going to do something wonderful, but has not yet accom plished it He is well in at 7st, the same weight as Lord Wilton, who is, I think, very dangerous. Hobart is improving every day, and if he cannot get a place with 6st 91b. upon his back then he is indeed a moderate animal. The othess are all let off lightly enough, and if they can stay, one of the number may upset all calculations. However. I have an idea that the places will be filled by RING WOOD, CORIOLAKUS, and LORD WIL TON. Away up in the Blackall district they seem to have plenty of horses in training. The secretary of the club has sent me a list of the entries for the coming meeting, and I notice that no less than 85 have been received for the Northampton Gift, in which Amelia Vic toria oppeare as the nomination of her pur chaser, Mr. TnrnboJL She is also engaged in the Flying Handicap and Racing Club Handi cap. While Chifney was schooling Mara at Flemington oh Tuesday he fell at a fenoe and broke his back. The horse died in a few minutes. - His rider fortunately escaped with out receiving anyserions injury. The conditions of the Hawkesbury Claret Stakes will* be found in the advertising columns of this Journal. It is for two-year olds, and the club has added 300 sovs. to the stake. Entries close on the 20th Hay. Mr. Bond hadn't a 'bumper attendance at Caulfield on Saturday, but the racing was first-class, and those who where fortunate enough to be present enjoyed a good days sport Mn 5. Miller, who is a great patron of selling races, Added another small crumb to his winnings by the did of Warina, a smut little daughter of 'Seakale, well worth the £20 naid to get her back again. Since I saw !Iwfj&iai.ln; ftsmarfa, I've respecting blr in Victorian ^pa^aadfor M1®,8^0 of fa« owner and her trainer I wot ljj4 *o ** her victorious. Mr. Wright Is fond ofa bit of sport for ha own sweet sake, ya the name of Mark Whitty has always ^ STfZZ* >T?th «^b^wMd2S j ,Mlne?,m fa * <ta«hter <rf S iwM.^fnJJ1£!n> mtb confidence. The lu ^three"ye*rK)Ii ma<ie no mis ol^M^ bQe ti]acfaelooked out kiJZi«?TaeH pereeyered with him. and landed huh a clever winner. The happiest J^LhamfJ°a^e *^r the ««* wm Mr. hiS^ jPI'' J?n-' who trained Che hone ^ i a . TlgJtoW his friends of the .^ waadeiighted at the success sL^^"°fF!eAoe- rThe. ^take in the steeplechase did not,, I think, justify the stewards m declaring it no mce and- thpv %Zn needed Aeir powers when they declared nil beta off. for precedent they had theehnrri£aimi!<ir ®we at FfcmingttMrwhen the hurdles were not removed to make the ^ W ^ke, torses tan up the other side, but Denny Catlananon Viking was the into ^£t,CeJ?e n38tafee- iamped the rails r!f !i! u ^lhl' «nd won. There was a bit tH .°jt $. stewards refused that h» h,VUudg^a ^rdict' a^3the powers that be wtmld have done well to have fol lowed their example. Under any tircttfti Sfe^wifh^11"^?0.Trig,lt whaterer -«» in ^ o £ It wfls verjnsatisfactory to see the aune horse win the second" time Se a thoimgh game ane would have got home, for when Beresford fell he e rHn^-f ,ost several Tinrf ^ vt u W<U5 ^®®e framene3s on the fl?P T?orf ? i?or^ ?? determined riding on lit w ° u A00^ H,at eot Iiim in front wp)i /i£ ^ Our South Australian friends S'aSES they achieved in Te Armadale Handicap with Topaz, who xMTkr ^ 5P,endki conSn by with L T t haa consuierable troable with the son of Countryman, but patience ieprveana: have at u tee" ^ J£J- in search of a thoroughbred will have ample opportunity next week of securing one. ffeasrs. YuUle Lid Ca wUl ?a Tuesday with the Cairn-1 n, ' J w^lc^ contains Lothair, ? Bosworth, and a number of highly-bred mares. The sale will take place ftcS fcT?". an" £ special train will convey in &U1STPXc;^a?ers to the ece"e of opem L°thair1^s grown into a magnificent j")IJe» an<|. would bean ornament to any stud m Australia, With great size and substance i he possess^ qnaJity, and these, backed up) tifi.^.5rXCe f> pedigree and good records on i.nr* ' a**6 the&isentuil; qualities in a stud of tifZ tB,ma4:e8 are 801116 of the most fashionably-bred ever imported ^ ,Ausfra,1iA\ and stodmasters desirous of adding to their establishments could not do tetter thaa secure some of the matrons that are to be disposed of at Cairn Cancan- The special tram will leave Spencer-street shortly alter8 « dock, and w,u return in the even* hJfci "^U JVedPesda? the 8ame Ann will hold an ^extensive sate of thoroughbreds at their yards at Fiemmston. Mr. Whittin" hana 9 stud, which includes Argus Scandal A$pen, and Prattle, will be disposed of on that day, and pn behalf of several other con t^LTdlrannmit tt number of horses ,, Fjrst of all comes a bay yearling eolt by Piseator from Rose of Denmark, and then Squireen, well-known as a speedy cus toms OVM short courses, Exminster, a half brother to Commotion, is included in the catalogue, also Warbler and Scaramouch. Hearts-ease, by Angler from Ace of Hearts, and Plympton, by Keclrersgat from Azema! are two-year-olds; and Capri and Chockster are well known as performers on various metropolitan courses. Me C. B. Fisher pur <*^ed yearlings at Mr. E. de Mestre's rale, and they will be submitted, first amonc tIS" ^1DS at 0011 fay Pjscator from Melanie. The other four are filhes, one being by I wcafror from Maid Marian, one by Kobinaon Uruaoe from Radiance, and the other two are by Grand Prix from Kernel and Laputa respectively. Mr. W illiam Field, of Tas awiia, sends eight mares, by St. Albans, and on the dams side they all run backto famous old Whiegig, the maternal ancestress of many a good performer. With one ex ception they have Peter Wilkins blood in their veins, and as St Albans has been so successful with Peter Wilkins mares, there may be amongst these one or two very useful animals. Mr. Blackler will be represented by eight yearlings by Richmond and Conrad, and report speaks very highly of them. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, anS Co. will earry on the running on Friday, the 8th May, with the Hon. W. Pearson's draft from Kil many-park. They are by Vagabond, Lamp lighter, The Professor, and Smuggler from mares whose pedterees will be found in the atud Hook, and either for the Indian market or for racing purposes they are well adapted, in tbese days, when there is so much racine m the vicinity of Melbourne, a good race horse is a paying speculation, and more than one will be found amongst Mr. Pearson's lot As the Elsternwick-park racee place on Friday, the auctioneers have deter mined to commence the sale at half-past 11 o <A>ck sharp. This will give Indian traders and others an opportunity of attending the sale, and getting away in time to visit the races. Owners of horees will bear in mind that ft ""^day Handicap, to be run r^?Ci7ISe£tulls! on the 25111 May, will dose at the V.jHLG office at 4 am. on Mon day next, the 4th May. As the club adds v ond the distance is a mile, there should be a large entry for this event The stewards of the V.A.T.C. were rough upon owners who were late in scratching their horaes on Saturday last For being lO mmutea behind time in scratching Velocipede for the Glen Uuntly Handicao die owner £20- The owners of Primus. Man fred, and Bohemian were fined £5 each for late scratching in the Armadale Handicap. and the owner of Sir Samuel £5 for not with drawing his horse in time for the ateepie chaae. This will meet with the approbation °£ we public, because many horses are left in until the last moment for the purpose of ob taining longer odds about something bIbb. S?d P^!10 *"4 the ring suffer/lf the V.A.T.C. will continue in this line of jolicy, owners wUl be a little more care i«. . ..corespondent signing Plempo writes to explain that Mr. Sm^ft the owner of Velocipede, acted through ignorance hut as he DroughFtJie horse all the way from Flemington he have started him. «ieetiug onSaturdw were won by sons oTk ' Albana.' VMon^Sn the Autumn Handicap and Flying Handicap, Western the MaidenPlate,and<Jeneral Jaafc SontM Consolation StakeB. while CastWtoip by CJflWIfc$iill Wonthe Hurdle Raise. I belifrre In* .whole of the winheta irett ored by Messrs/Field , "TrantDafcor,'* of tbe Adelaide Observer, Bays:-*' The law conrts BIB Jikcly to be Occnpied shptOy In deciding a fiase &ffecRng; the ownershipofFirat Water at the .time lie ran second for tlieMelbouroe Cop. It seems that Mr. Bamfield bad two partners in the little chesnut^ and,one of these-Mr. 'As syrian* Wood- is Biting him "for «( third of the £400 the horse eold for, And also a third of the second nioriejr in the Melbourne Ctrp. Mr. Bamfield : assertsr 'that the accounts between him and Mr. Wood were adjusted after tbe settling atct the meeting, and that Mr. Wood was often credit f&r; the money be now sues for." Inave heard theaffair has been settled by Mr. Banifreldpaymg Woods a cer tain sum. . A meeting of the Wangaratta Turf Clab was held on Tuesday night, at Moloney's Horse and Jockey HoteL The secretary stated that the balance-sheet of the annual meeting was not yet prepared, but that there would probably be a credit balance of £40 when all the subscriptions were in. It Was resolved to hold a Birthday Meeting, with a programme of £100, the credit funds of the club sot to be infringed upon. When glancingoverthe winter progra ilimes of the New South Wales racing dubs, our friends across tbe border may well exclaim " Here's sport indeed T After the paradoxical meeting of tUe South. Australian Jockey Club, whipn commences at Flemirigton to-day, oar neigh bours will take up the mnmng with several good meetings, commencing at Canterbury-: park on the l?th,nnd continuing at Rosehill on the 23rd, followed by the Sydney Tarf Club on the 25th and 30th, and the Grand' National Meeting of Sydney Tatter-salTa on the6th June. The Queen's Birthday Meeting of the S.T.C. should be a great success, for the Birthday Cup in itself will be a most powerful attraction. Added to this there is the Royal Stakes, of 259sovs, n handicap for two year olds. The May Stakes, of 159 sovs.. is a selling race for two year olds, and there is a Selling Race, of 150 sova The wind-up is the Corinthian Plate, of 100 sors, a welter handicap, in which (he competitors must be ridden by amateurs. The general entries close on Thursday next, May 7. On Satur day, the 30th, the Sydney Turf Club will have another day's sport, and a nice little programme has been prepared. It consists of Flying Ilandicap, of 100 govs.; Corinthian Stakes, in which the winner receives a trophy, value 40sovs., and the second a trophy, value 10 sovs.; S.T.C. Amateur Cup, of 100 sovs.; Two-year-old Selling Hate, of 150 sovs.; and Ladies' Bracelet. The runners in the Corin thian Stakes, Amateur Cup, and Ladies' Bracelet are to be ridden by amateurs, the weights in the Amateur Cup being for three year olds list; four, five, sir, and aged, list 81b.; entrance free. Here is a chance for some of our non- professionals. Entries close with Mr. CJibborn on lbe21st May. Messrs. Macklin and Keats have returned from India. The latter, who took his horses in the Bucephalus, was again fortunate in landing nearly every one, and this ship has proved herself everything that she was re presented to be as a safe ship for horses. EL Ryder, who has become a Benedict, is on a visit to Australia, and A. Clark also came by the mail steamer. After a lengthened sojourn in India, Mr. IL J. Huater returned to Australia by the steamer Bucephalus. He brought with him the Eng lish thoroughbred horse Cheviot, who is bred the right way to make a successful sire, for he is by Adventurer from Grey Stockings, by Stockwell. He ran as a two year old in England, and was then shipped to India, where he won the Viceroy's Cup, and proved himself one of the best English horses ever imported to the East The horse is at pre sent located at Mr. Thompson's stables, where he is looked after by Martiu Burke, who has been riding in India. I had a look at the horse during the week, and was well Eleased with him. In colour he is a beautiful ay with black points, stands about 15 hands 3 inches, and shows great quality, with plenty of length, and, altogether, is one of the finest looking horses lately imported from Eng land. Mr. Cox is in tbe field with liis lloonee Valley programme for Saturday, May 16. It contains five events-viz., Trial Stakes, of 40 sovs.; West Bourke Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Steeplechase, of 50 sovs.; Sellinj? Race, of 50 sovs.; and May Handicap, of 40 sovs. Entries close on Monday, May 1L The booths and gates at Flenrington, to be used in connexion with the South Aus tralian Jockey Club meeting to-day and next week were sold on Monday at Kirk's Bazaar, and the following prices were paid No. G booth, on hill, Mr. H. Skinner, Golden Gate Hotel, £37; No. 1, do., Mr. J. Sheehan, New Treasury Hotel, £42; No. 3, do., Mrs. La fonta, Commercial Hotel,£33; No. 5, do., Mrs. Evans, George Hotel, £31; No. 7, do., Mr. Skinner, £25; No. 9A, do., Mr. Skinner, £20; No. 9B, do., Mr. Skinner, £9; No. 8 booth, on flat, Mr. Skinner, £8 ; carriage paddock, Mr. Bernard, £21; gates, Mr. Gobel, £325; oyster and fruit stands, £4. Nos. 2, 4, and 0 booths, on the flat, were passed in. The total pro ceeds of the auction were £3G0. Before the next spring meeting of the Vic-' toria Racing Club conies round there will be a great alteration in the railway arrangements at the Flemington end. The Railway depart. ment has commenced the new works which are to be carried out to add to the accommodation at the racecourse station. A strip oi grounc over 1,400ft. long has been added to the station yard, along which several new lines of rails are to be laid. The present platform wUl be used for first-class passen gers only, and a new platform will be made on the opposite side for second-class passengers. These will enter the new recrea-, tion ground at the back of the hill, seven acres in exieut By this means will be avoided the crushing and crossing of Urst and second, class passengers. Tbe stable, workshops, .and cart sheas of the V.R.C. .nave all been removed to thefiat beneath the members' drive. This wUI make roomfor another setof railway gates between the present first-class rates and the second-class, which will be used for first, thus giving four sets of gates for first class passengers only, and equal accommo dation for second. A subway will be made under the line to convey passengers from the flat to tbe opposite side of the railway. This will not be opened up for some days, as the Adelaide Cup meeting commences next Saturday, sad wiQ becontuiued on the follow ing Thorsdw-ftnd Saturday, uid as a large attendance is anticipated the lines will not be. yeqfing. ^ . them NordeniSdt ^nd^Wttering tbemselves th*t they 'have in these or others tbewihneroT next year's V.R.C. Derby, tbey muBt not forgettfcat-there falaflother Net ZeaUoder or two ?enga^.A a coltby Bt tSeopge, fromMfeH^UdBa^ *" Welcome' Jack), n til ly by ' Malice (siBter to Lurline); ana nr. J. Mar Bh≪ Thunderbolt. £ colt by lluskck ftoux «=? tiocket Thunderbolt possesses an unbeaten tecord, and he is pronounced by good judges one of the best two year olds ever seen m New Zealand, as he Bhould be by his breed ing. His dam, Locket, was imported from England, and is by the Stockwell horse Thunderbolt, from Keepsake, by Daniel O'Rourke. This colt, with Turquoise and others of Mr. Marshall's, was trained by J. Chaafe, who years ago was in the employ of Judge Cheeke. I hope to see Chaafe and Thunderbolt at Fleniinjrton before next No vember. The owner of Lubra, who, with her jockey, was disqualified at Bacchus Marah, brought the mare to town during the week, in order to show racing men that she was not fit to race against a horse like Granville, and she was on view at Kirk's Bazaar. He asserts that he told the jockey who rode the mare not to cut her up if he found he could not win, and when he found that he hadn t the ghost of a show with Granville, lie naturally enough pulled off. For myself, I am quite satisfied that in her present condition she would have no chance against a well-trained horse like Granville, ana as her owner bears a good name, it is probable that the stewards were a little over-zealous in disqualifying her. Mr. Millar, however, has the right of appeal to the Y.R.C., and in the event of the Bacchus Marsh stewards not reopening the case, it m probable he will ask the leading racing tri bunal to hear him. Two racing men, who were present at the Bacchus Marsh meeting, in dulged in a wordy warfare respecting the disqualification of the mare, and some extra ordinary charges were made. The conditions of the Australian Trotting Sires' Produce Stakes appear this week, and owners of trotting sires are reminded that entries close on Monday, June L Morris Griffin has placed his well-known training establishment at Brighton in Messrs. V. C. Yuille and Co.'s hands tor private sale. It consists of a snug little brick villa, and 11 loose boxes built in most approved style. The Elsternwick-park meeting, which takes place on Friday next, promises to be a .great success. The Coronet Cup, the chief prize, is now on view at Mr. T. Gaunt's, Bourke-street It is a massive gold cup in Grecian style, Btands about 14in. high, and is beautifully engraved. So handsome a trophy will form a welcome addition to any sportsman's Bide board. In consequence of the 2Gth September being one of the dates chosen by the Australian Jockey Club, the Elsternwfck-park meeting, originally fixed for that day, will be altered to Wednesday, October 14. Messrs. William C. Yuille and Co. report having Bold the racehorse Coningsby, by Hughenden from. Tilly (imported), to Mr. J. Cripps. As the hunting season is about to com mence, and Mr. George Glasscock wishes to make room tor his patrons' hunters, he has authorised Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. to dispose of, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Wednes day next, the whole of his horses in training, consisting of Don Alonzo, Dollar, Kingston, Fickle, Gold Top, Hard Times. Sir Wilfred, and last, though not least, Blackthorn. All of them are in racing condition, and pur chasers can therefore sport their colours at once. Full particulars of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Produce Stakes and Derby will be found among the advertisements this week, Nominations close with Mr. J. Hawkes at 4 p.m. on Wednesday next when I hope there will be a liberal response from owners and breeders. Transferred died in India a short time Ago. The full programme of the Bendigo Jockey Club meeting appears this week, and con tains six events, chief amongst them being the Hurdle Race, of 80 sovs., and Steeple chase. of 100 sovs. Those who have sires engaged in the Geelong Racing Club Sires Produce Stakes of 1887 are reminded that foals will have to be described on the 1st of June, on which day foals will have to be described for the G.R.C. Foal Stakes of 18S8. Full particulars will be found in the advertising columns. Topaz, it is reported, has been purchased by a well-known South Australian sports man. Merry King, who met with an accident at the Bacchus Marsh meeting, was so seriously injured that his owner was compelled to des troy him. R. Ray, the New Zealand trainer, arrived from New Zealand during the week. It is reported that R. Mason will bring five or six of the Hon. W. Robinson's New Zea land string to Melbourne to prepare for the V.R.C. Bpring meeting. G. Read has entered into business as a fconiface, he having taken Wal dock's Hotel at Flemington. The weights for the Sydney Tarf Club Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup have been declared. Venetia and Archie are well treated in both. South Australian sporting men will be well represented at the S.AJ.C. meeting to-day. Amongst those who arrived from the sister colony is " Trumpator," of the Adelaide Observer. The Hon. W. B. Rounsevell will not be able to attend in consequence of his Ministerial duties compelling liim to remain in Adelaide. The programme of the Rosehill Racing Club meeting will be found among the late advertisements. Entries close on Thursday next, May 7. George Rex, who Would not allow De famation to start after the jockey had weighed out, in a race at the Warrnambool meeting, only received his deserts when the Btewaras determined to disqualify him and all his horses. In accordance with this de cision they refused to allow any of his horses to run on the second day of the meeting. The stewards deserve the thanks of the community for making this example Britisher, Stafford, and Echo arrived from Ballarat on Friday, and took up their quar ters at the Newmarket Hotel. Bonnie Doon has*[arrived from Tasmania, and has gone into L Foulsham's stable. Monatteh, by St Albans from Impudence, arrived yesterday, and he has joined Mr. F. F. Dakin's string at Flemington. Mr. J. Hammlll announces that all of his horses are for sale, in consequence of the manner in which the stewards of the V.A.T.C. treated him on Saturday last. The Btewards merely did their duty. 1 While on the Flemington training ground 'dp Thursday, I noticed Agathia galloping right-handed, while several other horses were galloping the reverse way. This struck me as a very dangerous proceeding, and I was sur prised- to Bee it tolerated at Flemington. gome capital work was done, and I thought nothing went better than Lord Wiltop, jCkrantry Boy, and Conjecture. ^ The steeplechaser Governor was seriously ? Warrnatnbool, and I believe he had 