A OHBISTMAS STORY. THE HOUSE IN. B- UL LION COURT; OR " GOLDEN PETTERS." CHAPTER IL (CoNtInuED). "Ah! poor fellow! I'd rather be in my place than in his, with all his money! I expect he's sitting alone, over a ghost of a fire, all in the dark, to save candle. If he'd got a boy, he'd have to keep a candle lit, I'm thinking. Just look at his blue eyes, Lettie, how they sparkle at the gas. Those eyes are just like yours." "Don't be nonsensical, Albert. I believe you will make an idol of that boy. He should be asleep, now; it's letting him grow into bad habits to keep him awake at this time of night." "By the way, Lettie, I wish you had seen uncle Nicholas, when I paid him that money, to- day. He did open his eyes, and no mistake." " What did he say to you ? Or, rather, what did you say to him ?"' "Not much. He just lifted that bullet head of his off his hands, seized the pen, signed the receipt, and asked how it was I paid before the time. You know that the bill does not fall due till to- morrow; but as to-morrow is Christmas Day, and the next day is Sunday, he could not really enforce payment until Monday." "I did not know that, Albert." And the little woman opened her blue eyes wider, as she listened to this new item of commercial and monetary law. " Oh! yes, it's quite true. Well, I replied to his query as shortly as I could. I told him I wished to keep up Christmas happily and quietly; and that it would much conduce to my mind to know that I was out of his debt. I added that I chose to pay it on Christmas Eve, because I wanted no strangers put into my house immedi ately after Christmas Day was over." "Capital I" rejoined the little woman. "Shall I ever forget his cruelty in putting two men 'in possession,' when our dear little Freddy was only one week old. I never really distrusted your uncle till then. I had heard sad stories of him, of his hardness and craft and stern oppression, but I did not think he could have been so wicked to his own nephew. Oh, I'm so glad you've paid him off, it will increase my joy this Christmas, to think that you are free of him." "Yes, it's done! I didn't say any thing to you, because I thought I would keep it for a surprise; but I managed it during the few minutes I popped out this morning. I told you I was going to the bank. So I did; but I was going to my uncle, also." "Uncle! Why do you call him 'Uncle,' Albert ?" queried the little woman, impatiently. " Merely from force of habit, I sup pose. my dear. Not because I honour or love him; for I could earnestly wish that I might never see his face again. lie has been, and still is, alhard man to many, as many impoverished debtors have reason to know; and to me, his only sister's son, he has been as hard and cold as a mill-etbne.-- I think -that Christmas is the time for showing charity and love to all, even to one's enemies if they stand in need; but I don't think I could show charity to him or his." "Don't say that, Albert, dear," re sponded Lettie. '"Forgive our tres passes as we forgive others," you know; and you couldn't pray that prayer if you could not forgive your uncle. I know he's been a cruel, hard man; and I never can tell how I felt as I lay helpless in bed, knowing that the bailiffs were down here because you were a few pounds short in your payment. But I'm content to let it be. He is judged now in his own conscience, but he'll be judged more severely another day. I know I've said bitter words against him many a time, and fretted against you being in his power, because I felt that he wouldn't mind selling you up any day, and taking the bread out of Freddy's mouth as well as out of yours; but, thank God, you're free from his clutches, now. It's the best Christmas present you could bring me, Albert, is that receipt." "Look at it, Lettie-look at it well,' rejoined the yonog mao, spreading it out on the table. "Now, do you won der at my uproarious mirth, or my generosity in the matter of Christmas gifts? Hurrah! I'm a free man to night, and that's what I haven't been for years. I feel too happy to sleep, Lettie; I could sit up all night, keeping time to the merry Christmas chimes. I guess that I know something of the joy that the emancipated slaves felt when Abraham Lincoln set them free." It was a sight to see those two young people rejoicing over their emancipation from Nicholas Grabham's oppression. How their eyes sparkled; how the big round tears, as they welled up in Lettie's eyes, were kissed away by Albert, anud how the baby crowed at their general joy. In those varied feelings one could read a volume of suppressed experi ences. Although Albert had been in businoess for three years, or thereabout, they had not beeu married above eighteen months. It was barely a year and a half since Albert had committed what his uncle called " the unpardon able folly of matrimony;" and all that time they had had one long increasiog struggle with his oppression. Lettie was a high-spirited, outspoken, brave,. careful little woman, good and true to the backbone. Albert, a reticent, brave, high-priocipled, industrious man, but they had been tried almost to despera. tiou, by the man who ecdeavored to rain them. Albert had been drawn into his uncle's net before he was aware; he had borrowed money from him, as other people had borrowed, in order to succeed in business, and from that day forward it was one long struggle with usurious interest and legal oppression. Now he was free. "Huorrah, for Christ mas, and his new freedom " 