AN OCEAN WAIF. By W. Clabk Russell. 4 1 was second mate at the time,' began Mr. Humphrey Roband, who related to me f he following story, 4 and our vessel was a barque named the Eagle. We were bound J rom Newport, in Monmouthshire, to Cape Town with a cargo of iron, and then we were i 'i go on to Melbourne, acd thence to Callao. besides me there were Captain Blackett, the toaster, and Mr. Josiah Bitting, the chief Mate, along with fifteen or sixteen hands inward, including the idlers; and, taking us l-il round, I don't think that ever a better r hip's company sailed out of an English pert There wasn't a foreigner amonget ue ; there was no growling, no loafing ; everything was done quickly and with a will, and it was not only a pleasure to give an order, but a happiness to watch the execution of it. 4 Well, we left Newport on a Monday afternoon, and went away down the Bristol Channel into the Atlantic Ocean, under all plain sail, in the finest of weathers. For sear opon a fortnight there was nothing but brightness overhead and blae water under ns, made feathery by the whipping of the breezes, which blew Sometimes nor -east and some times nor'-west, coming now and again a trifle fresh, but never eo strong as to canse as once to furl the main royal day or night. We saw nothing of the trade wind till we were in about latitude 20deg. north, and then, after blowing ub along for a epell, it failed us one morning with a slowly-falling glass and a long, ugly grey swell coming out of the eoa'- west, and a sort of dirty blue sky filmed o'er with haze that might have passed for the drainings from smelters' chimneys. Amid this the sun hung like a huge jelly-fish, a shapeless oozing of brightness, with scarce enough of power in him to put a streak of light into the brow of the swell that swung heaving up tall out of the near horizon, with summits that seemed to be trying to wash the yellow stain he made out of the vault of the sky. There was a queer emell of decayed marine vegetable matter about, which came up in wbiffs when the rolling of the barque made white water alongside; and, spite of the sky being thin enough to let the ghost of the sun show through, there was a look cverhead that made you think that, if it was night, yoa'd see green lightning playing about over the mastheads, litre the rfArf.incra nf ttiA phosphorus from the ship's side in black water wh6n yon're in the tropics and the night lies dead upon the breathless bosom of the ccean. 4 Well, what these plain signs betokened came to pass right enough. The glass went on dropping, and the swell came along in a wilder and angrier roll, until at three o'clock that afternoon there was scarce more daylight visib'e than you'il find in the last fingerings of twilight ashore. We were snugged down to lower top-giile, the yards square, for there was no sail to brsoe them one way or another when for r.oure there hadn't been a breath of wind ; no, sir, cot eo much as to give a flutter to the vane at the royal mast head, saving what the barque gave her self by the sweep of her spars. All hands were j on deck, standing by, knowing that some thing was bound to happen, but incapable of j guessing from what qnarter it meant to come. Ir was as mnch as we could do to see one another's faces. The strain on the spars and rigging was something fearful with the roiling, and in the gloom overhead you could bear the creaking and oomplalning, the squealing of sheaves, the groaning of parrals and trusses. At four o'clock, or thereabouts, the wind swept down upon us in a body, right in ttye wake of the swell. It was wind at first, |but it became amoving wall in a short time, and before the clewlines eould be manned the ioretopsail blew up and burst into smithereens, just like one of those elastic en balls when filled too full. It was a tucrible tempest. I, who have seen some fearful weather In my time, will take my affidavit that a worse storm of wind never raged than that. It picked the sea up and made wheels of the waves that looked— I don't say they were— but that looked to be forty or fifty f c-ethigb. « The Eagle was full of iyop. y$ry deep, and lafiuibeavttt tmg in terns of watei forward, so that the underdec.k forecastle was scarcely to be come at by the men through the scuttle. In the troughs, during the .weather rolls, the barque would lay so far oyer tp windward that it was enough to make the oldestsaamsu hold his breath to look at thd carl ol the onoomiug sea, and speculate whether it was possible that she could hoist herself out dear of thatTterrifio white, roaring, flashing arch before it rolled its enormous volume clean ovet her. But the Eagle was a good sea-boat, having a flaring bow that forged the head surges to throw her up, and a swell of the sides that made bur cork-like on the lean of a twenty-foot hill of water. Had she been of the ordinary tank-shape it mast have been all froth to tea feet above the mastooats, with1 the watch on deck in the weather-rigging and the master and mates keeping a look oat in the cabin and conning her by till tell-tale. 4 For three days we had terrible weather ; then it broke. The wind veered to due east, and after blowing a double-reefed topsail breeze for twenty-four hours, settled away into the north-east and blew, along steady and bright again into the trade wind. It was a Wednesday, the morning watch, and I had charge of the deck. Daybreak found us under a foretopmost stun'aail, the sky clear, and the east as green as moonlight with tbe dawn. The Bea was calm, the trade olouds rolling in puffs of vapour athwart the stars overhead and in the west, and the horizon a fine as black as you could produce hy the sweep of a pen dipped in Indian ink. I stepped over to leeward, to have a look at the sea under the foot of the mainsail, and just then the arch of the sun jutted up and sent a long beam of silver light flashing . across the ocean, the extremity of which sparkled upon an object that appeared white and glistening in the radiance. It bore about three points on the lee bow. I fetched the glass and took a look. She waB a vessel, of what rig I could not distinguish, but apparently under small sail. I put down the glass and waited a bit, and then bad another look. I now fancied I could detect signs of confusion aloft, but of this I could not vet be 8 are, though the small canvas she showed made her appearance singular considering the fine weather. Just then Captain Blackett came on deck, and I reported the sail to him. He pointed the telescope at her and said, 44 It Seems a case of distress. Your sight's better than mine ; have you made out anything resembling a colour ?" 1 44 No, sir." 4 44 Well, we will bear down and see what's the matter. Keep her away,"- he called out to the fellow at the wheel, and at the same time I sung out to the watch to lay aft and brace the yards in a trifle. 4 This was done, and the vessel brought about a point on our lee bow. It was not long before we were, able to make her out very plainly with the glass. It was now seen that she was a small full rigged ship, of about eight hundred tofes ; her three lower topsails and topmast staysail bad been blown away, and her wheel and all boats were gone. She had black bulwarks, and lay very deep, as though fall of water. In the lower mizzen rigging the English ensign had been seized, anion down, and there it blew, flickering like a flame, making as strong an appeal for assistance as ever a man could by waving his hands. 4 W ell, we shortened sail, and approached her, keeping & sharp look-out for anything that should resemble a human being ; but there was nothing in that Way to be seen. There was a longish deckhouse aft, and tbe remains of another one forward. There was not much swell on, and she lay pretty quiet, giving herself a slow Blant now and again that hove a space of her wet side into the sun, and made her flash out like a flare. 44 She looks to be abandoned, sir," eays I to the captain. 4 4 Why, yes ; that's her appearance, cer tainly," say 8 he. 44 But it's a fine morning ; no barm can be done by your stepping aboard and giving her a brief overhaul." 4 So the barque's maiutopgail was laid to the mast, a boat lowered, and three hands pulled me aboard the wreck. Two men clambered over th8 rail after me, leaving one io charge of the boat. We stood a moment looking around. Her decks were full of raffle, ropes, staves of caeks, and the like ; the main hatch was open as if the crew had been jettisoning her cargo ; her port bul warks forward of the main rigging were smashed flush with the deck ; and altogether she had the most wrecked and strained appearance that ever I saw in a vessel afloat. I l>ut ffiv hand to mv mr.nih and bo ri rv nn t I v ' y . N3U lig U U v | 44 Anybody aboard here ?" bnfc the only answer that came was the sound of the streaming of the wind through tbe rigging, and "the bubbling and washing noise of the water over the side. 4 44 No fear as to her not being abandoned, sir " says one of the men 44 An empty coffin !. couldn't be more desfcitoot of life.'' 4 1 stepped to the door of the deckhouse and looked in. There was no appearance of injury here. A table went down it, with fixed chairs on one side and a looker en tbe .other; and on the port side was a row of cabins— five or six, I think. The door of this deckhouse swung open, and I and the two men peered in, and then says I, "111 jnst step in and see if I can come across any j papers belonging to her," for I must tell yon I there was no name on her bows, and what ever might have been wntten on her stern wae under water ; but scarce had I uttered the above observation when a sort of thin wailing cry came from one of the cabins. 4 44 Hillo !" says one of the men; 44 the crew have gone and left poor pus?y behind." 4 44 Pussy ! ' says I. who had oaugbt the cry very clearly, and heard a note in it there was no mistaking ; 44 that's no cat, lads. Follow me." ' And I walked straight to the cabin from which the sound appeared to come, and, opening a door, saw just the kind of sight my mind seemed to have been prepared, by the cry we had heard, to witness. The cabin was a fait of a box with a scuttle over the topmost of a couple of bunks. There were some female garments .on the deok, along with an infant's feeding bottle, broken, and a few other domestic odds and ends -only met with at sea -when there are women aboard. As we entered, a eeoond small wailing cry cime from the upper bunk, and looking, we spied a dead woujan in it, with her right arm oast round a baby nine or ten months old It was impossible to tell tnst she waadead till wa drew close , and saw the signs plain. She was a ytiuog woman, not more than six or seven and "twenty, her hair yellow ; and in life I don't doubt she had been pretty enongh, hot how her1 face was so Strang- ly white that /she might have passed for a figure wdrked in plaster of Paris. The baby was. too young to Sit up ; he lay— it was a boy, sir— belay in his dead mother's arm, giving now and again the qaeer cry we had first heard, the wail an infant uttprs a'ter it has exhausted itsblf in, crying for hours. I picked him up out 'f the bunk, and found him wet through, and his flesh like stone for the cold. Hie mother's clothes — if the woman were his mother, which I ion'c doubt — were streaming wet too, and this made us suppose that she had been driven from the deck by the washing water, and had entered her cabin and lain down to die there- 4 The men spoke bnrriedly about how it came to pass that theset wo should have been left alone in the wreck. Wno was she? I said there was no accounting for what happene i at sea. She might have been the wife of the master, who was drowned in the storm, and left no one to look after her ; or all hands might have perished in getting the boafa over ; or the crew might have forgotten her when they put off; there was no telling. There lay the woman dead, I said ; and I gave the baby to one of the men named Nipper to hold whilst I pulled off my coat to wrap the little chap up in, for he trembled like a sbiveriDg bird with the Gold;-an4 kept all on wailing, as if oar handling him and tbe 8onud of our voices had put a bit of life into him. We looked hurriedly into the other cabins, but they were empty, and we could find no papere. There was no good bringing the deal mother along with us to bury ; the ship she was in was h9r rightful coffin, and being very deep, with her main hatch open, I rightly reckoned that the next bit of sea that got up would sink the wreck fast enongh. I don't eay I didn't mumble a prayer as I came away holding the little chap. It was an affecting eight to see that young woman lying there eo lonely — quite recsmtly dead, as we might suppose by her little cue being alive ; and when I took a last peep at her I almost felt as if she knew that I was taking her baby away from her. 4 We handed the infant into the boat and shoved off for the barque, that lay hove to waiting for us about half a mile to l«-e ward 4 44 What have you there, Mr. Roband?" sings out Captain Blackett, leaning over the rail. 4 44 A baby, eir," I answer?, and I pulled my coat a bit open to let him eee the little face inside of it.' 4 < Well, well,'' cries he, tossing his hands. 4f Look sharp and get aboard." 4 All band 3 were staring over the Bide when I handed the baby up, and there went a deal of hoarse whispering among the men as they pressed forward to see the waif. I carried him to the captain — tbe worthiest man, sir, with the tenderest heart, that ever sailed a ship ; he palled off his cap as if awed by the misery and suffering that was typified by the bairn, and hie eyes filled with tears as he gazed down upon it. - 4 44 And the mother lies dead yonder, Mr. Roband?" says he, pointing to the wreck, ' 44 Ay, sir," says I. 4 44 God receive herl" says he. 44 D'ye understand the management of babies, Mr. Roband ?" 44 Why, I have two of my own," I answered ; 44 but I was so ifiuoh away at sea when they were little ones that I can't say I ever bad a chance of watching what my wife did to 'em to keep 'em healthy. But what we have to do with this baby," says I, 44 is to feed him and get him warm at once." 4 '4 Then take him below — take him below, Mr. Roband," cries the captain in a tremulous voice.'4 Give him your attention, sir, andnever mind about your duties until you've got this poor little creature into shipshape condition." Well, I carried bim to my cabin, and sung out to the steward to help me to undress him, for the thought of handling this frail and delicate object alone unnerved me. I'd any day rather have the job of taking in the masts of a two-thoasand-ton sbip than the handling of a baby for ten minutes. Both the steward's and tny fiogcrs were equare- ended, and we had to be very careful in haul ing out the safety-pins and clearing the little chap of tbe things be was dressed in. He cried so that I was in agony, making sure we were hurting bim ; but the steward said, 44 No, I know the nature of infants ; it would be unnatural if they dido't cry ; it's a fashion their Itinera have nf omvinn " — — C 'T " m o w " xxAgi 4 44 Are you sure?" says I. 44 4 Cocksure," says he ; 44 haven't I seven of my own, Vr, Roband ?" When the baby was wrapped up in one of my flannel shirts, that biog softer than auy blanket we had aboard, the steward went and warmed some Swiss milk at the galley fire ; apd whilst I was sitting waiting for the steward, with the baby ly ir g on my knee, the captain comes in.- " God help this little one !" says be. 44 What age ao you take him to be, Mr. Roband ?" 41 Not a year old," says I, 4,4 Not a year old!" he cried. 44 How wonderful are the ways of Providence, that a tiny bubble of humanity like this should be left nnharmed by a etorm that maybe, has drowned all the rough and sturdy fellows who filled that vessel .1 It's - like seeing an iron ship beaten to pieces by seaB amid whose hollows you observe the little stormy petrel securely flying." 4 The steward arrived with the warm milk and a spoon, and we turned to to feed the baby. 7 tried my hand, but it was no Rood ; I couldn't get the milk down his throat ; it capsized down his neck, and his being ravenous and crying made the job more difficult. 4 44 Here, give me hold, eir," says the steward ; so I put the baby on hiB knee. 4 Well, he knew more about it than I, and got a fair caulker of milk into the little 'an and after a bit the little chap fell asleep', whereupon he was laid down in my bunk, and there he lay, quiet enough. 4 Sir, we had some hope of hie thriving after this. He%as a sort of a trial iu his way, for he wanted washing, and dressing, and feeding, and looking after, and it oame hard upon us, who hadn't the fiogers nor the understanding for such work. Ha was a beautiful boy. I never saw finer eyes in an infant -blue as the heavens under which we were sailing— and a lovely little figure, sir. Sometimes when it wofild ootne to thy turn to undress him, I'd let him lie naked on a flannel shirt stretched across my knees, and tiokie him and make bim laugh until the dropping of 'a Ssar,# like a parched pea, down my cheek, would m ike me feel that I was acting tbe fOol, end allowing thoughts of tny home and of this bairn's loneliness to trouble me too mnch. He had bnfc the clothes we found him in ; so the captain and I gave each of us & soft calico shirt to one of the men forward, a neat hand with the needle, & chap named Claw, to make into a couple of suits of linen for the baby ; and thi« and a knitted waistcoat, and a swathing of fl innel round his little starn and legs, kept him tidy and warm and comfortable. We all got mighty fond of him. We'd bring him on deck and lay him in the fold of a sail or on tho ensign when the weather was fine and warm, and then you'd eee him kicking np his legs in the sunshine, toasting his tiny toes in it, and looking at his fingers and talking to himself. He made the barque more human than ever I thought a vessel could be ren dered. He begot a strong home feeling in us all ; and yoa'd see tbe moving fancies he'd put into tbe men when they'd creep aft — and I never pretended to notice them — to have a Jo- k at the little 'an. Many a stream of tobacco juice I've seen them epnrt overboard from the quarter-deck after watching the baby, as if their hearts were too fall to suffer 'em to wait until they got forward to spit. 4 But one day, eir, there oame an end to this. It must have been the cutting of a tooth, I think. He had a fit, but pulled throagh it ; and we thought him all right, and left him sleeping and looking comfortable enough in my bunk, whilst I went on deck. We were in iat. 28deg. south. I had been on deck two hours, when the steward came up through the companion, and approaohing me slowly and speaking very solemnly, he says : 4 44 Mr. Roband," be says, 44 little Jimmy " — that was the name he went by — 44 little Jimmy," he says, 4< has gone to jine his motner. 4 1 started and said, 44 What's that yon say?" 4 He answered, 4 Our little 'un's dead, sir." 4 1 ran below and found the captain in my cabin, looking a1; the baby, that lay a corpse in my bunk. I had grown wonderfully fond of the bairn, sir, and the sight broke me down, and ons or two heaving sobs came from me, no more to be helped by me than the tightness in my throat. Oh, sir, it was as if a beautiful little Indian bird that you had cherished and looked after had died of the Cape cold in spite of your lova. Only thii was an immorta being, a fellow-creature, a little baby that we had plucked from tbe very brink of an ocean grave into which hiev mother's dead embrace was dragging him ; and we bad learned to love him. 4 44 He is gone!" siid Oaptain Blackett; 44 'tis God's will, Mr. Roband. We did our du'y by him — we could not have done rxore." 4 44 We may take it, eir, that bis mother wantei him," says the steward. 4 14 Ay, steward, and her entreaty has been answered," says the oaptain, with a glance aloft. 4 1 could not take any hand iu equipping the little mite for bis funeral. I was too much upset, sir. The sailmaker made a tiny hammock for him, and they put his hands together, and smoothed the little wreaths of yellow hair upon his head, and dressed, him in clean things ; and before he was stitched ?p, all hands lay aft to say good- bye, and ne'er a man among them that entered the cabin but stopped to give the little cold faoe a kiss before leaving. We kept him till next day, and buried him after eight bells bad been made. It was a greeD, windy, glisten ing morning ; the emerald eeas ran at ns, melting in froth as they came ; and the Bbadows of the men gathered around the gangway swayed at our feet as the barque roiled over the surges and as the dancing sun darted beams like spars of light from the clouds through whioh be swung. Ob, sir ! the contrast of that little hammock upon the grating with the huge grave that was to receive it ! The service was almost more than some of us could bear — I'd eee the o-en turn away their heads and look down ; and wheD at last is oame to the passage that's a signal at sea for the tilting of tbe body into the water, we all ?et our breath out in a sob as the tiny hammock sped like a snowfl ike over the side and vanished in the slant of a sea whoee breaking summit flashed a rainbow over the spot-' 