PURITY SOCIETY- The Church of England Purily Society, or White Croes TJnios, was inaugurated at St. ; Andrew's Cathedral last evening, the special service being largely attended, especially by young men. reaaiee were cxciuaea irom toe service, After prayer and hymn-singing, Bishop Barry delivered an address. He said that purity of body and soul— that saored purity which wo called holiness— was the great loading principle of that society which, by God's blessing, would be inangnrated that night. They nailed it a Whits Cross Union, In olden days there were two assumptions by Christian men of the badge ot the cress. The first was that assnmptlonat baptism with which wo were all familiar, when the cross was marked npon onr forehead la token that hereafter wo would not be ashamed of the faith of Obrist crucified, and manfally fight nuder his banner against sin, the world, and the , flesh ; aod the other was the assumption of tha : cross in Christian knighthood. This assamption was not without ranch searching ot heart, watch ing, fasting, and the consecration of prayer ; ana tho body of Christian knighthood farmed, as ! it were, an association within the great baptismal | community of the Church of Christ, and those ! who joined it assumed once mote tha cross of thair ! baptism to steel ihetn for a special and a glorious ! warfare. Of tho vows of knighthood there were three three : — There was, fitst, the vow of chastity — that a man would keep himself chaste and pure; that be would hato all that was evil and ; impure and unclean, whether it ware in ' thought, or in word, or in deod, that by God's j grace he would keep his body pure in order I that a pure body migat be the shrine of purity of I soul. The second vow was tho vow of i chivalrous honour of womanhood — tho devotion, it might be, of simple revcrenca for womanhood, or, it might bo, '.ho devotion to an Individual life of thi.t pu:o iove which wss oce groat mark of purity of soul ; and tho third vow war a constant fight, a constant warf-re— u warfare for tha sake of humanity arid of God, »g-iust nil evil, bii It what it might, which crossed his path ; but especially i geiast the cruelly that tmrapled down tho weak, tnd the Satanic wUkednoss that defiled the innocent. All those thrsa vow3— of cbestity, chivalrous devotion, and an unceasing waifaxo sgriust evil — wera consecrated undsr tha tign of the ciojs, in token that they who took these vows rested cot on their own strength, but on that double grace of God from Heaven — tho grace oi cie-rcsing in the blood of Christ, and the giace of strengthening by the Holy Spirit. Those who now joined the Whito Cross "Union would enrol themselves, as it were, In a Christian knight- hoed, taking upon themselves just those vowc of chastity, of chivalry, and of uncrating warfare iigoinst evil, and consecrating them all under the white cios9 of tho innocence of Jems Christ, Why were thoio present at this Bervice gathorod together that night? It was to fight againBt a gigantic evil— an evil that was moro dangarom because it shunned tho light, because— although It was true that sometimes it flaunted itself in opon ptofi'gacy that disgraced our streets— tt too often lurked unseen even under the anrface ot domestic life, lurked nnscen in tho ranks of those who had education end wealth and the high re sponsibility c / hotb, or unseen among tha' masses of our people, fsst eating out the manhood of onr growing comrannity, and disgracing our national civilieatioD and those promises of fntnre great ness in which we were all so apt to indulge — that sin of foulness, of nncloannos, of profligacy ; it was against that sin, hose who joiuc-d tho society wero going to bind tbemBulvcs together as Christian soldiprs under the knighthood of the Lord Jesus Ohrist. There w<ro thzia who would tell them that that sin tras ineradicable— a sin that was naturtl, and against which it wsa a mere pious imagination to protest; but, suffer him to bear wliucas — as anolder man than most of those to whom ho was speaking, and bftviog a longet experience of fife — against tbnt infamous, that monstrous fie. It was purity that was natural ; it was purity that was man's truo nature, man's true health, and man's only happiness. Tho sic of which ha spoko was tha great <-vil that tr&mplod; down the woman iu utter pol lution and ruin, whils bar srdaccr, it might b.i, W69 received in what called itself the pnroit society, and was thought cot unworthy of tho purest r.omf n's love. Yes, this giant sin sinned_ against i-.ll that was nature!. Those attending this inau guration sorvico hid boen colled tageluor to aoli-r. iheuisolvea iu a Christian brotherhood not unlik;: the Knighthood of the early dry a. If t'r.ny 1- I at :he obligation which tho signing of th : mural)? r- xhip-curd implied, they would it first, that everyone who signed it would io.li.1 trie comm-ndment to keep him-'rif pnt, .h-v. r-»:-?/- -nu who signed it Wiuil trc.-.t ad with respect, "and would cnan.ivn-.ir to ptovc; — and Ocd knew thoy needed : -.i n. - -l'_ic ruin sod degradation ; that ho wo.i'.i? i>cr..- hi-; witness against til iudcc.at UnijUHg; i.nd e<..-,j- jesis; that bo could enae-vou? to -.,i:v;-l ;-li;.- principles ame-ng his comjMnion-f, xt.J things fight agi-.inat uuc!oar:l:ncr.i r.oi In . ir ty, in the nam-o of the Fa'-uer, the Hot), r.;i I to ; loij Ghost, No'.hing moro w.-.s ri t.-r !'..o :h cross of the bupcictari vow implied — '.out th:y vu hied tbim.,clvtB together to cupp.rt .it.-.-.-: in tbc Dgbt of chastity, caivalrom dov-'ttjtt. aui urceisicg warfare ag/.inst ail 'hat 1 j I :z ..oi. coarse, and imparu ; and fining i;'.! rhi', m -bf knight of old did, under the banner nnd u.i 1 . tin Crof-sof our Lard Jcaus Christ. In i_h»t gron war- .'am thrre whs room for the exertions ef overy individual Christino, bui there was also room lor the sc'ton cf the Church aa such — -a against intern- peraccu, so against imparity. While they valued .id other agencies for pood, they d-rirod to usa the agency cf the Church of Eno.land in every district, in ev.ry pariih, in bicding thsmtolvcs together for warfare egaiuut that tcrxible for. Hj entreats ! young tueu, tst-cially, to enrol themselves aa mom- bciti cf li-a soo;C ty, for heir own selves, for ho iakt tf tr.e parity and huppinon i.£ the y-jimg Iive» just op a'.ag to thcm.aud for the vak" oi th.-.ir country, it ihe name of tha God wh:. raude thcL), in the name of '.he Saviour ivoodiol on -he cress for uica one of them to redeem them t-i purity ond happiness. ?cd iu the name of that Boly Spirit which plotci' d with a " still, smU voice " in '.heir h-iins, ho praya-J them to join tho 'o-tiety, but he hoped nouo would do ?o uoia-is they bod niadi up their mind to fulfil the obligation im rosed by mcmborriiiw At the conclusion of tho s'tvica largo r.umb-.v -if those present became members cf tho society. 