REUGtaft AJgLPATBIQTISM. „ Aviovementis on foot to abolish the religious holidays and replace them-by- fStes'of a secular character, bnt Jtet connected with some incident associated with the historic patriotism of the couhtiy. Deputy and Professor Ifcbre wouM. JhniLhestow fi^chbfican canonization on Jeanne d'Arc or Jeanne Hachette. The entry.- of tChades VIL, King of France, into Paris-in 1437 midhi conciliate •Hio Mpm ni roKguwiintai ftinifMArtnlM-frffl.' The .King-re-entered his capital after Us being reconquered from the' English,'who Were for such a long time-masters of agreat portiSh of France, thanks:to their. French allies, the Rorgundiacs and Picardiana. The ceremonial entqr <rias-- as IOIIOWB':— After the provost, jnaohala,^and sheriffs followed some personages Tepresentihg "the Seven Capital Sins, and: Seven VIrtnes— Faith, Hope, Charity, Justioev Prudence, -Strength,, and Temperance Jiiunntud on horseback, and dressed in character.' Hia Majesty having passed cthrough the St. < Denis Gate, came to the Ponceau, where there was an ingenious fouhtsin erected in the form of a lily, from each of whose leaves flowed ad libitum wine and ~WStar. In the basin of the fountain promenaded , two figures emblematical of the Dauphins. Above this fountain was aterraoe, upon which was viable the imageof St. John the Bcptist, exhibiting the Lamb of God, surrounded by a choir of musicians dressed « fcngels chanting melodies. Before the Trinity Was erected a large theatre, where' the mysteries of the Passion were represented, -as well aa Judas iBcariot and his treasonable practices. These personages did not speak, bnt interpreted the mysteries by gestares/ Beforetha Holy Sepulchre was another, t&mtre;, where was interpreted the resumptzon of pur.Lord and his appearance to Mary Magdalene. Aft the Porte St. Catherine thete w» fclso * theatre, where the Holy Ghost was portrayed descending on the 1 ApaMie» and -disciples. Before the Ch&teief; was a large rock aad terrace covered with shrobs aad graced ground. Han the shepherds wen abiding: with their flocks when they received the glad tidings of the Nativity, - and tfagfag "Gloria in ezcdrisDeo.* Then werethree figures symbolical of the law of pardon^ the written, and tbe naturallanw. Away down below the rock was Purgatory and Hell, and farbove P&radisae.; Inthetirsttwoplaoesthe Archangel St. Michael wwghd the mils of sinners in the balances. Such cm anniversary, I predict, would draw crowds, and out out the rejoicings for the Fall of the BastOle. It wooM imply the triumph over tho Qeoius of Evil and Pafide AiMmalowfe C, F, Paris, November 15,1884* 