B: "Mc?eoc. ,us ." IT is curious .that in a population so intellij gent-'as ours; for it is generally admitted that the `colonists have'. a wider mental horizon and more independence of thought thani the bulk of the inhabitants of. the old' world, a considerable leaven of superstition should stillllurk in the public mind. It may be that the: low-class fortnne.tollera, who earn a good living in' Melbourne, are largely snupported by'people who'visit them from: motives of more idle curiosity, but they have a proportion of clients who are real dupes, who hang upon their words, and who allow their lives to be influenced,in some respects by the sham vaticinations for which they pay. , The practice of the black art, how ever, has sadly fallen' in dignity and profit since the palmy. days of Mother Shipton, or the. more glorious reign of Oagliostro. The last mentioned has been 'described as the most perfect scoundrel that, in these' latter' ages has marked the 'world's history. HIoaler of' diseases, abolisher of wrinkles, spirit-summoiner, prophet, priest, and thanu maturgic moralist, :he 'started from the lowest ioint of fortune's wheel, and raised himself, by. the aid of his credulous sup porters; to a position of regal 'magiificence, in which he indulged his extravagant tastes for a lonug course of years. His potions, washes, charms, and love.philtors were in groat request with ladies of quality of the sort who in resent times patronised Madame lRachel; of " beautiful-forover " renown. But there was at least some basis in his Wine of Egypt, sold in drops to faded dames, for it was made of cantharides. The modern fortune-teller gains an ascondency over weak-minded servant maids, and some times women of a better class, by the pretended disclosure of supernatural secrets, which have nothing to support them but the' bare assertion of the professor of the art. Predicting futurity, once one of the' most honourable professions, has at least degene rated with the advance of civilisation. The fortune-tellers no longer occupy palaces. Theyare to be found in cottages in obscure streets; but they are still able to make an easy living. Most of the methods of fore casting the future are of great antiquity. Many of them are the remains of druidical rites, and not a few classical precedents might be quoted. Cutting for fortunes, or determining a person's character or future destiny by a passage that is first opened in a book, was common among the ancient Greeks and Romans. The Emperor Sovorus, when meditating on his design of succeeding to the empire, tried his fortune in this way in a Virgil, and hit upon the line (I quote Dryden's translation) 'Tis thine alone, with awful sway, To rule mankind and makno the world obey. Gordian made the same trial, but with ann. opposite result. His eye fell upon the lino The blissful vision of to.day 8hall justb ho shown, and then ie snatched away.; Severus enjoyod a :prosporous reign of eighteen years, and Gordian committed suicide when he had boon Emperor only six weeks.. So King Charles I, in the Public Library at Oxford, appealing to fate in the same book, hit upon a part of Dido's curse 'which describes with extraordinary close ness what subsequently happened to himl in his contests with Cromwellians. But those anreb oly coincidences. History preserves a record of the few wonderful successes, and says ' nothing of the thousands of failures. So whbu someone dreams the winner of tho Clip, muoch is made of it, and nothing is said of the scores of dreams which every year 'name the wrong horse as the winner. The power of sorcerers in the dark ages was giat.,' They sufferoed the disadvantage of being burnt occasionally, but many of them weoro dignified enough to have the courage of their opinions. The witches of the pre seht day do not go about in the semblance of eats, nor do they occupy their sparo hours in jumping over broomstickls. They sit in a decently furnished room, and make £200 and £800 a-year each by very light work, which requires little knowledge or intelli gence for its performance. ;The frequent appearance of the advertiso ments of modern seeor in the newspapers is a sulfficiont indication that they have num erous votaries. We road from time to time that. 1Madame X. truthfully reveals past, present, and futureo; or that 1Mfadamo Y. deals in futurity, hours from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. These sibyls of hunmblo lifo cast nativities or unveil the future for the moderate fee of from 2/- to i,/. A singular instance of the belief which survives in England in the mysteries of astrology is found in the frequent requests which are addressed to the savaus of (Greenwich Oh servatory to aflord someo insight into the events of the future. The modern art of fortune- tolling has a literaturo of its own, rand at book-stalls in this colony there is still an inquiry for " boolts of fate," " wheeools of fortune," " arts of tolling fortunoes by lines in the hands, and by the grounds of tea and coffee," "sAignification of moles," " dreamer's guide," " Napoloon's book of fate,'. &c.; The science of chiromanuy is also6 held in esteeoom, for thoro are people who TThink that God hath intirli',d 'Thle lun,'ss hanl, d, lilt, somIl proh)' ollio page, Anl in the wrinkles of tih plahn delnted, As ill ta msal), our mIortl pii ilgril'nige. This scince has boon hloll in honour from the ditys of Josephus. Great CIesar him self didl rot disdain to practiso it, but he would pirobaIbly not have beon impressed with the exhibitions of it given by the MIolbourne professors. •The fortune-fellors of eIolbourno, I have "sometimoeN ben told, are often successful Sin divination by mcans of a plackl of cards, or by perusing tlhe lines of the hiand. My own expenrnees are entirely of the reverse kind,.and 1 attributo what successes have oben made to coincideoce or to theI \Veak ness of the visitors in unconsciously giving infornmation. Somne ovenings back, a gontlo man friend of mine amused himself by calling on two or thr:oo of these mystery mongers, with the objeot of seeing lfor limself lwhat manier of people they were, aud of lendeavouring to di;eover the secrot of their attraction. Not being of the gullible sort himself, hlie derived little ontorlainment from the interviews, and on their conolusion De was lost, in wonider that so much pure inounenso should commnnand the atlention 'of a cunsiderable class of peoplce. At each f tho houses hlie visited there were other cullers waiting, and it is obvious that the local sibyls drive a. moderately lucrative business. My friend first paid his respects to an advertising fortune.toller at Prahrau. He found her, a neatly-dressed prosperous looking woman of middle age, who could not be described as an educated person. lie took with him a young lady, with whom he is simply on friendly terms, in order to obtain, proof', of his theory that all the fortunno-tllsrs' construct a romance of their own. when twvo young peoplef f opposite sexoescall upon them. ,In this his surmise proved' tobo'corrcot. .The two'visitors had each a' separate intervieiw.: The Tfortune toller dat at ar small table with'..a ipack of cards before her, which she manipulated apparently on no system. whatever. For instance, she would say, "you aro ex pecting sometling to happen in three days, or perhaps in three years, are you not ?" and if the visitor answered in the affirma tive she continued, "I thought so, there is the three diamonds," pointing to the card. The most remarkable part of this plan of divination was that it consisted almost entirely of questions, the fortune-teller being quite at the mercy of the answers given. The interview with my friend pro coeded in this manner :-Q. Are you single ? -A. Yes. Q. Are you engaged to be married ?-A. No. Q. You are paying your, addresses to a lady ?-A. Yes. Q. You have liher photograph ?-A. No, Q. You have her promise of it ?2-A'. Yes. Q. Then you will receive it (pointing. to, anew card in proof of that interesting fact). 'Q.- Have you within the last eight days mot her and been to any place of amusement with her ?-A. Yes. Q. I thought so (looking at a fresh card). Q.'Areoyou omployed'under govern mont?-A. No. Q. Then in an indirect manneir .-A.' No. Q. There has been a 'change in your position within the last six 'months ?--A. Yes. Q. I see it is decidedly for the better. Have you received a letter 'concerning business to-day ? - A. No. Q.: Haveo you not recently received a letter indirectly concerning a business matter ?-A. Yes. Q. Does the lady you referred'to hold your engagement ring ?-A. No. Q. But is it not your thought to give it it her shortly ?--A. Yes. [lily friend an swered " no "or "yes," just as the whim of the moment dictated, because le could see no point in giving information which lie was paying to receive.] Q. Does this lady live in the same house with you ?-A. Yes. Have you boon a long watery journey within the last throoe years ?-A. I have. Q. Did you have a death in your family within the last four years, and did you receive the news by letter ?-A. Yes. Q. I see it so by the cards. .A widow lady and three young ladies live in the same house with you, do they not?-A. Two widows and five young ladies. Q.. Are you expecting a letter connected with business ?-A. Yes. Q. Then you ought to receive that in from four to six days. Is one of the widows thinking of marrying again ?-A. Probably. Q. Then itis to a dark gentleman. Has she two daiighters or three - A. She has no children. Q. Is there any other gentlemen in the house besides yourself ?-A. Two others. One of the gentlemen will shortly have a decided changeo.' If the widow marries him it will be within five weeks or flive months, which is it ?-A. I should say months. Q. Is there a gontloman in the house who travels a good deal ?-A. Yes. Q. You are not going to marry the widow, are you ?-A. No. Q. The fair lady (that is, the lady who accompanied my friend) will be engaged in from threeoo to five months. Have you given that lady a preseont lately ? -A. Yes; sixpennyworth of violets. Q. You live in tho same house with her ?-A. Yes. Q. When you marry you will travel; that is your thought at the present time. Have you not known this fair lady about twelve months or more ?-.A. More. Q. Yes; I see it is over two years. You will marry about Christmas. With regard to your future prospects in life, the cards come out very nicely. Evorything will be pro sporous and happy. My friend withdrow after paying half-a crown for the lady and 5/- for himself. He could not help thinking, however, that some payment was due to him, as le had given a good deal of information, both true and false, and had received absolutely none in return. The fair lady's fortune was told her first by this ' unsatisfactory sibyl. She was questioned in the same way, and was par ticularly asked if she were not engaged to a dark man (my friend is dark) whom she had soon within the last few days. The lady having confessed a preferenco for a par ticular person in another colony, she was told that she might unite herself to him without any fear. Also, that she would attain to a very distinguished position, and that hler lifo would be full of happiness, as lshe was borin snder a happy planet. in thoese two interviews the fortunes wore told by cards. On a differeont occasion my friend wonut with another lady to a castor of nativities in Carlton, who prefors reading thie lines of the hand. HIe was again described as being tho lover of the girl, and the girl in hler turn was advised to marry him. It was added that the marriageo would probably como off about Christmas. A third experiment was tried with a widow, and still the same thing happesed, so that next Christmas, if any relianco is to be placed on thoso prophots, my friend will find himself married to two young girls and a muiddle-aged widow. In an interview witlh a feminine professor of lchiromanuoy, it; was noticed that the pro fossor looked at tihe lhand at so great a dis taico by lamplighlt that it was impossible for her to distinguishl the lines. What she had to say sounded like a story commiitted to memory. 'The woman had the appear ance of a retired servwnt, and she was ob viously uneducatod, but she lhad some small shlaro of shrewdnoss and intelligence. The sublstaneo of the roevelation made to tie lady visitor was as follows:-" You hlavoe hlad deathls in your family recenoutly. Never trust a woman. You are of a lhasty and exoitablo disposition. You are goilng to git monoey. Never trust it out of your own hands. Tile dark gentleman whleo cameo with you is fond of you. You cannot msake upl your mind about him, but I adviso you to havo him. You have plenuty of male friends, but it is your habit to turn your baeek upon oppoertunuities. Nover turn your back on a journeoy, You hlave travelled over the sea. Thore is a lot of illness in store for you, but you will not die young." TI'o the lady's geontleman com?anion, the same professor said :--" Your lines of life are crossed and re-crossed. It means much trouble in the past and in the future. You are too precipitate in your actions, and bring difficulties on yourself which might have been avoided by waiting. You give good advice to others, but do not manage your own affairs well. Never put your hand to paper. You will be better off some day. You will go a journey suddenly. On the whole your planetary influences are favourable." Such is the substance of what the Mel bourne fortune-tellers have to tell their patrons. Its valuelessness is not worth dis cussing. The unlettered gipsy, who on an Eiglish village green asks you to cross her palm for a shilling, can do better than this. In the olden time professors of the black art had at leiast somo cleverness, and endeavoured to throw a glamour of pseudo science about their trickeries. The prac tice has degenerated into a mere childish babble. The wonder is that enough simple tons can be found to support seers of this class. It is impossible to hear of peolle seriously listening to those so-called pro dieters of the future without e;periencing a desire to feel their bumps. Surely in a country in which so much attention is paid to the education of the masses, we maty soon expect to see such things vanish like ghosts at cock-crow. The fortune-tellers are probably not doing any very serious harm, though their existence is a reflection on the intelligence of the community. Under the now Postal Act they are pro vented from receiving remittances through the post, and by that means they have been deprived of a considerable portion of their receipts. The police say that some of them use their calling as a blind for criminal practices. If that is so, they will eventually fall under the lash of the law, and it is reasonable to suppose that an ignoble pur suit will then be utterly discredited, even with their most shallow-pated votaries. Melbourne Argus: 