Victoria Theatre. LAST' night the first great Shakspearian revival worthy of the name for some time, tbok place at the above theatre, the tragedy of " Hamlet" being chosen for the purpose, and Mr. Alfred Dampier sustaining the title role. Mr. Dampier's rendition of this dificult creation of thakspeare's is univer sally acknowledged to be one of the very best of the present age. English and Aus tralian Ijournals alike agree in describing Mr, Dempier's d-lineation of the Prince of Denmark as worthy of being placed in the same category as those of Henry Irving, Edwiu Booth, and Charles Warner. Last night this favourite tragedian was at his best. A brilliant dress circle and a crowded stalls and pit welcomed his appearance, and doubtless stimulated him to display more forcibly his marvellous dramatic powers as the Prince of Denmark. In every phase of this arduous study, Mr. Dampier proved equal to the occasion. From the moment the guilt of his uncle forces itself Upon the mind of Hamlet; and throughout the long struggle between affection for his mother and duty to his dead father, Mr. Dampier carried the audience with him. The solilo quies were delivered as if the speaker was indeed alone communing with his own heart., and not in the presence of an audience who hung upon each utterance. The famous play scene afforded rare oppor tunities for Mr. Dampier's power of facial expression, and was a study in itself. In fact. every, feature of Hamlet's character found a faithful and lucid exponent in this favourite performer. Such a rendition as the audience were favoured with last night marksa favourable epochin thehistory of the drama at Newcastle. On this occasion the leading character was ably supported. The Queen has always been one of Mrs. E. Holloway's best representations, and she ably maintained her prestige last evening. Miss Katherine Russell .made a very. pleasing and sympathetic Ophelin? and the Player Queen found an able representative in Miss Julia Merton; The Ghost of Mr. E. HIolloway was a fine piece of acting. Mr. A. W. Boothman looked and acted the character of Laertes to the letter; and Mr. J. D. M?arah gave us a very conscien tious idea of the courtly Polonius. The Horatio of Mr. WV. A. Rodney was a very correct and gentlemanly performance, and. Miss Jennie Gwynne made a very vivacious, saucy, yet attractive Osric. The guilty Claudius, King ofl. Denmark, was well pourtrayed by Mr. H. Stoncham, and the rest of the characters were well sustained. The scenery was well worthy of praise, and many of the dresses were of magnificent character. Altogether, the production was a great success. This evening the ' Royal Pardon" will be produced, by particular request, and on Monday " Monte Christo" will'be produced. 