Jtiy 45 lov ■ iiiitmgoiigv ilxrbesbjux itor tiie bbwiui/fisee' Press.) chapter' iy.—continued'. It is midnight. The small hours' of the moriiiug are close at hand. The ball is at it^ height.' They hate all di;i ven over fro ill Narwoola together, except Fred and Clara, who have paired oft' (by permission)5; in the former's dog-cart,- as he dubs his two-' wheeled shaudredan-. . =; • Jack - has some in want satisfaction in re flecting that the' other tete-a- tete drive did not come off,- even if he missed ifc himself. • Assey thinks differently/ What an ex perience a country dance is-!*. The men ar6' dressed in' all manner of rigsv All, how ever'^ sporting if possible the orthodox black coat,- of whatever cut it may be, and what ever awful and wonderful bags and boots it may top'. Few are in correct " war paint." All the girl3 are rosy and. jolly. The.excep tion's to the general rosiness'are some Syd ney ones who are staying at the stations' around. They are a trifle pale and lack-a daisical, but are much at home in a ball room, skimming up and down the room' in the mazes of a new waltz before the admir ing gaze of the men and the envy of sundry of the women. Every Jack has his Jill,- except our' Jack, who is nloody in a corner. He has only had •one dance to-night. It is his own faulthe did not ask his lady-love till late in the even ing. Assey has been 'monopolizing Eose, who is hilarious. "'A little too lively," her Hjui thinks,-following-her round the room with anxious1 eyes, fearing that Eose will overtask hor strength. ■ She (Rose) is in pink satin. Clara is happy with. Fred Amph thill, <and is. lovely as she is seen floating down the room in her dress of cloudless blue crope, one mass of puffings, and the. soft spun gold of her glit tering hair fastened back with silver bands that match her silver necklace and brace lets. She and Fred have evidently come to terms. Let us get close to them' where they have gone outside by the French win dow. . " Youmust not say anything to aunt yet, Fred. I would prefer it kept secret—at least for a few weeks. Till Xmas." What; the " it " is, we may guess. j Anything you like, my beautiful: But doil't let it be too long. Me&nwbile; come down the garden :: it is rather hot here." • i)own they go, silent and' happy, into the calm moonlight night.- The morning minutes fly.' Jack has secured another dance with Rose. She, careless girl, is still unkind', and'keeps her lover on the rack. v The dance is over, and they come outside too. . A small cloud'drifts across the moon, and the wind comes up in little fitful gusts. : Jack looks stern and determined'. " Coiiie for a walk as far as'the' wattle clump," he entreats: "I want to speak to | '■you." ..... . ! " Too far," Rose replies :• " I am tired, i I You can speak here." , : She suffers him, howeverj to'lead her to the end of the long verandah. • . "Rose," he says, turning around',- "'you 'will have to choose between m'e and Assej'." She is'staggered for a moment by his' tone, | but recovers herself quickly. ! . " What do yon m6an ? X will choose when i I please :• and ind'eedy I don't think there !will': be much- choice about it." Shd' is 'angry,-but tho'tears'ai'o gathering iir her 'eyes.-, . . < / ; . You are'carrying on too' mnich' withr lliat jm'anv. Either him or nit'e ?" , , i tV W'hafc right haVe' you1 to1 dicta^' so'? • CJan't i dance witlr hinr if I please T" . "'I suppose'so.- But it is-not o 1:1% tn'e i dancing.- Rose, Ros6,' how cftir y'oiv treat im'e as youvhave done lately !-' Iiav6 I- be ic'onTe' obnoxious' to you' that yoil' hardly • notice ni'o—a-nd; is tliis'man never to:be from ■ your'side 9'^ _ '• '' No ;• I Irope never will be." Sli'G is fairly on t of temper. : " I would not have said anything' to you .till the end of the year," he continues;'"but iyoU' have forced me to' Spoaik. You may : abide my decision—I am away to K001100 ; this niorning ;■ so good-bye.' , He strides away out into- the' night- to' the; ■ bachelors1 quarters. . . " Cr'ood-bye," says Rose'. i( Jack !• Jack ! come here.'' He' is either deaf or out of hearing ;- and as- she hears the clatter-of his horse's hoofs growing fainter down the hill, she sinks on the' verandah s6at in tears-. While she is | thus lamenting, and the emotions of anger, ! pride, grief, and love are struggling for mastery in her breast, Mrs. Harpur,-. the hostess comes along the verandah.' Rose hurriedly dries her eyes. ''.Here you are. Rose, dear, yoit'r mother stays ;with me' to-night. She has a head ache,' and has gone to bed. I wish I had room for you as' well,-but I am: dreadfully packed. Your buggy has just been sent from Narwooia. Perhaps one of the gentlemen will escort you; Your papa is riding back." " Miss Powis," said Assey, suddenly ap pearing, " we were deprived of our drive out: let me take you home ?" ' : " Where is Clara?" " She has gone witli tlfe Am'pthills," says Mrs. Harpur. " I shall- sleep on a sofa—mamma may want me." " As you like, my dear ; br4 yon may - trust her with me. She is o'ely- tired,,■ and wants rest." Rose musj&s;: " I may as: welt ,• Yes; I won't be set-right by Jack like that. Thank you, Mrs. Harpur. It is time tor go, Mr, Assey, is it not she say & aloud. The dancers are thinning out, but the en- ' thusiasts dance all the harder. It cannot last much longer, however. Tho candles are low and dissipated looking, and the flowers and ferns are beginning to droop. Rose would have been among the last of the revellers ;' but'to-night, 111 spite of her girl ish elasticity, her spirit's' have been some what damped. She feels that somehow,, things have not been as jolly as usual. She kisses her sleeping mother, bids, good-bye to her hostess, and is soonon the road with AssGy# The moon is in'the full,-and heavy clouds rush over it at intervals. As they dip into the forest it throws long, glimmering-, silver shafts across the bush roadv Ghostly shadows glit around-them. The'possums are heard scratching and' calling down there by the bunyip lagooir; and the horses' shy at a native cat that scampers under their noses and up the nearest stump where : it sits elfin-like and1 staring, while the "'Gnarled, knotted trunks EuSalyptian Seem carved' likehuge columns Egyptian With carious device, quaint inscription', And hieroglyph.' storage." The wind which does not' track them' here is heard sighing above in the topmost leaves. Trample,- trample; stamp, trample the horses on the dry clay, and the buggy twirls in and out along the sinuous track. Assey's heart is full with this Mr creature beside him. The dancing and the' moon light and the witching- hour have brought his courage to the scratch (not that he ia ever very backward)', and he feels that he must venture his fate'. He has great hopes. Surely the girl has'sozne affection1 for hirnv She sediTis fond of his company ; and Car 6ery, whom lie seemed inclined' to dread at first,- is* certainly not the ,r white-headed boy" now.- , . : They have been chatting pleasantly—he relating- sea tales and his adventures in other fends. . ..... ^ ^ •'< Mi's'a-Powis," h'& bfegitis his' attack-, "I. sefem to' have known1 you for ages." <v00' you/ Mtf'. Assey ?" Well,- we have had an' acquaintance for some time,certainly —ever since we fell together in th'& coach ac'cideh-fc," laiVghing. of course,-Miss- Powis ; I am think-, itog of going back to England soon." "'Wh'at f: I thought you meant to honour our country wilih your abode.- I am1 very sorry——" " Are you rfeally,- Miss Powis ?' I would gladly remain out here if I thought—dearest Rose,-1 love you ! Will you bid me stay, and make* me happy for life. Darling, say the word that will keep me here for ever beside you." " And not get home at all," Rose says aloud ; anil then to herself: " What a bJofiier these men are,- always making love when one cannot get away." " You know I didn't mean that," answers Assey. " Dear one, tell me." The roa'd is getting strangely rugged. " I am beginning to lose my taste for a country life." % " Then give it > up," cries the tempter. "Come with me to Sydney,-or England if you like. .Rose,- if you will but marry me. Answer me, my beloved oiie. Shall I- stay ? ' " Suppose I. said slay.-", " My own sweet Rose," says Assey,-put ting his hand on her arm. - Why should recollections of Jack'flood on her at this moment. She is silently weep ing for the second time to-night. ! Assey. puts' ifc down to the emotion of love for him, 'and whispers tenderly to hoj". Hark! a sound of horses' hoofs behind tbera. Rose clings to her companion. The horseman is alongside and pulls up. "Well, sir, whrst do you want?" from Assoy." , T1 "'Ha, hit, that's good. Want? , -I have jonnd you at last then, you runaways.- Are you going to the Glen ?" "Ifc is papa," says Rose, relieved. "Don't you know that you hrtve taken the'wrong track? You are miles to the right. Hullo" as a sharp gleam! of lightning glows around them, and a peal of thunder follows. In a moment all is darkness. "There will be heavy rain presently," says Mr. Powis. " "What shall we do?" enquires Rose. « There is no hood to the buggy, and... we shall be soaked. Is not old Queen Sally's hut somewhere near, this road, father ? ' " Down in the^gully to the left a bit. Yes, we might take shelter' thei'e. Follow me, Assey. Stay, I will lead the horses," and the squatter dismounts. The road is terribly rough, and full of sidings. They can hardly see beyond the nag's ears. Up and down they go for about a quarter of a mile.- The big drops patter .on the leaves; ■ . r "'We'must reave the trap here," says the squatter, Halting at last. " Out with you." Assey is out already, and lifts Rose gently to the ground. The horses are untracedand .'hitched to a tree. " Will1 they sta.f quietly ? " asks Assey. " Oh, yes; they.are used to squalls. Come' ' along ; " and ii'lr. Powis starts off. ; They are apparently in a deep glen. For one momtent, through a reef of cloven thun der clbud, the soft moon looks, and shows them- a hut on a little mound ahead. "This- is the stockman s' Ghost Gully," remarks-the pater, cheerfully. ! ,rOh, papa,-where the mnrder fcjok place when you- first settled here ?" Rose lias never been quite at this spot be fore, though she* has often- skirted ife on the road-they lately left. The brushwood closes on each' side and they stumble on the stony path/ Around them the high rocks loom, gaunt and ghastly in the struggling moon beams;' and-from the htit comes j " A sound Of sdrrow, like an everlasting wind That mouns among the noises of the night." (TO BE' CONTINUED.) ( ' 