A STRANGR RESOUII:. ? The sun wuts sin King behind a mass of hattlmnerited clouds us tiph Warren toiled up Hie Rteep hill, on the summit of which stood tho rums of the old mansion, 'f ho reflect ion of the brazen clouds lit i the single, ivy-giowu tower, the crumbling walls, and die roofless chumburs of the ruin. Folk held stoutly that Huclenowe Grange was huuut«?d. and liardy was the wiyht who v«i»tured after mgUtfaU up the Htcep and stony path that led to it. Lights had been seen glancing from it by several belated peasants who had wandered into its precincts, and more lhau OHC had vouched that they had heard screams, as of some ono possessed, insuingfrom its reccsscs, aud the thrifty Scotch ucighbours whispered to each other, with bated breath : 4 The place is no canny: Nao' mortal hand was at the biggiag o t, and nae mortal ee suld see its downfall/ Bat ISph Warren was a Jiardy youuL American traveller, who was striviug by dint of seeing mnnv lauds aud watching mauy wonders, to crush a melancholy that had sc;zod upon his life. One year back Jm&ndmetMlioFothetf; ingav. 'troth was plighted between them, and aihozii's^ iii 'tli© land: wiieu caniH'the terrible intelligence that l;ad .hligated:l\ia 3ife. : - : ;;•'. ! ' ; ilisB ca It oS^is^^dJkfttma^V- 4^ as tt^fco'OTiMad^y-decay and ihe ravage o: tiiu ^ienizeiis'opthe waters thut skm pouch-cfor preBorvation,-which *de dated-the lvnter's itttention of endiug life that had become liatefiil to her, So Iiiph: Ava8-jon'.- % hiB';travels, coro-iuj info distant lands a heavy but a stout heiit. . Aa he tolled ,up tlic road he fancied lie saw a light inovjog in somc distant corner of the ruins. He -atopped, concealed by the siunted and gnarled trunk of a eyea- * 21; is some reflection of the clouds, he mid to himself, ' sliming on the window pane.' And he was about to proceed, when a souud issued from tho rums that, bold as he was, called the blood froni his cheek, imd seemed to stop for an instant tho. beating of his heart. It was u girl's, voice, wonder:ull) sweet, but faint, and bounding as if it camc from a great distance oif. Was ho drcaminff ? Or was it true that the spirits of the dead came back to earth to give messages fr<>tn anotner world to the loved oues in this ? Still the sweet, faint spirit-voice sang, winlo the soul or Eph Warren sped bark to live Uia«7 mellow moonlight nights, when he sit in a dream of ' bliss, with his darling on the porch, amid the clambering honeysuckle, or drifted idly iu his "boat? dowu lb;' waters of the Hudson, while she eang in her low, sweet voice, these very words : 'The stars are watching; tho winds are playing; They see me kneeling, they see me night saying. My love, I love you! I love you 4 4 With tho burning beatiag-, the inward hushing, Ever and ever in music gushing. Like mystic tones from tho sea-shell rushing, Oh thus I love you! I love yon- V Tho very tune lie had himself- ..adapted from an old Hungarian bnllad , he had caught in his wanderings, and now, on this bare Scottish hill, he had heard it again., in the voice that had so often thrilled his heart with rapture, and which he believed was still forever. 'Ami mad?' he murmured to himself, 'or has the grav.c giveu up it.sdead,to. teli me the secrut motive of the fearful act that cutoffa life so full oflove aud happiiV hove was again a dead stiilnesB about him. The shadows were deepening steadily, and he uow distinctly saw a light burniug in one part of the ruins. Hie uight-winds were rising, aud a faint atat nlione out, twinkling reflected on the bosom of the river below. The air began slowly to be tilled with the mysterious sounds that awake in all solitudes of the ight — whisperings, stealthy footfalls, isilinjis as ot shadowy garments trailed irongh the gathering darkness. 4 1 will know what it is,' said Eph War- 2N, toiling upward toward the light. 4 Xf it is my dear, dead darling, she can only mean me well, I have nothing to fear r.ow—for, God help mc, I have nothing to love. He walked steadily and firmly, but with instinctive caution ; and as he advanced, he saw the 'light larger andnnrc distinctly. It came from the window, surrounded aud hiddeu by heavy masses of creepers. He could make out that this part oF the ruin either had not fallen into the decay of the rest, or had ' been lately buttressed and improved. He stole up to the window, and looked On a sight that almost made Ills heart stand still again. Seated in alow chair, her head .thrown listlessly back, was h;a betrothed—Nellie Fotheringay herself, in .the flesh, but failed, and looting: almost like a corpse. Opposite to iler stdod;;'-a, coarsefeatured, hujys woinstl..roi»ardmg her wjlh 6tera glance. 'i^iddjeraged.'"man^ elegantly drv.saed:;; ,-V ^tn^fvtV 33 * 1^' woman. Waixtn COUI'AAOO hie -face; and could trace, iu. iJie f'-^rurt^ a sheht resemblance to }">vui?nn^riv.-but the expre8Sioiir^v4!s"OUL-;.oi; .ctuoJiv, and. : <cuim- Xhei-oom e'-ra.'t ^ »uaoheS, and ihrough an o pea aoov auotlscr room oould K>.seeu(«im'.]ariv burnished. . iThe/doors were secured ••with''heavy chains atid locks; and the windows were.protectediby thick shutters. That ' at • which r :-"\Vuiren now stood, had evidently not been yetfostened. In the tumult of -his,, suronse and joy, he had grieal difficulty in-repressingory but he restrained himself, for the man began to speak. ' Niece,^ he said, in.a harati voiee, 1 this place is becoming suspected, . and. you must be removed to the Continent. I will, place you in an asylum in Italy.' ' You know I am HOC mad, uucle although you have done everything m your power to make ine so. •: Iwillnofcgo to Italy, tvitb you.' The man laughed. ' Not mad! of course you are not mad! But who will believe you ? who -mil-care to interfere between': an uncle .and his crazy niece, whom he was taking to a soft, climate for the benefit of h^r health, and to a proper asylum for her greater mental lproveincnt ' You will not be troubled with me long uncle. Let me die here in peace, and Dur title to the propertyirill be secure, ut if you hope for anercy for the.crime you are committing have mercy on me, and let my lover, who was good and true to me, know that I have not died the horrible death of a suicide.. ' Umph ! I should have some puling:, whey-faced boy, as I presume this lover of yours is. dosging me everywhere, and whining out to .know Yi'hat^has -become of his darling. No--you mustcoine with me to Italy, yonnsr lady.: you -are one of. those quiet people who do not die easily. I confess the efforts o^ oar good - My. • Saunders here and jny owni r would v hav<^ -orried you into-your grave; but you hang oniilce a cat. : The certificate of the; doctors—atid.it-cost.we too Jnuch not to put it to UBC-r-is jiiade out jn your assumed name, i .Everybody believes ;you: dead,^ndtherevsno:help foryou/.^vBo • not try to^glitme' j 4 1 will light you to tho end, you- villain! Oh, tliut such a wretch should ha , my father B brother I You must tdy in an aonr, my good young lady. 4 1 wiU do noUnng 1* said the victim firmly. The uncle made an imperceptible motion with his head, townrds Mrs. Saunders. The woman sprang on the poor girl and seined both her arms in a strung ^tip, while tho uncle, holding a pair of Iwndcuff*. advanced, utt lier^., Mis3 Fotheringay uttered a piercing shriek, which had nob died away v.-hen th© window was shivered to auvm, -.r.sd a young auint. with biasing eves «nid a shout like a trumpet call, leaped loio the room- and stood between niucu aud uiieit' The latter, with lightmus rapidny, dropped tho hatid-cuils. and ai.twnt^ a pistol, discharged it at his autajouuit. But Warren was as quick. He stepped aside, aud Mrs. Saunders, who had continued to hold the youmr lady a arm* in a firm grasp, uttered a loud cry, aud foil bleeding on tho floor. Then the two closed. Tne miscrc.iut fouud he had no puling, whcy-faced boy to deal with, but a strong man, auitiialed with a liejce thirst for vengeance. But he was a hardy villain, fne ti?o fo- appled. and twisted, and swayed, and at length fell on the carpeted floor. Neither uttered a souud but a fierce snarl, as of two beasts in mortal c-.mb.it. They rolled over the floor, striking each other strong and rapiu bloww with on* hand, while the other firmly clutchod the enemy. As one for an instant gained the upper hand and strove to rise, lie was ur-vged down, and stili the cruel blows w ere rained «pon each other till the faces of bplh were covered with blood.. At-leugfh .Warren obtinned a <»rasp on his enemy e:tliroat./ -V The latter tOt tmit hd was bst. He struck.'iurwusly tlgan) €v. i u «p»n !wi bAt Warren-neve!' related his . hold for;.an instunt.-- The ^vretch fel' mtmeii chvkiiig!.* lie placed his handm his.bo Through' a.r.bloody -mist, Warren saw something glenm at his breaBt. He sti-uc:; ut it and a^oud explosion followed. The uucle of-Nellie Fothermgav aavo a deep groan, and then Jay perfectly still, clutching the weapon that he had aimed nt another's life, but had ended his own. Warren caught up tho hsht form Ins betrothed, and unlocking the door, etc/jped out into the starlight. As he went swiftly and light)? down the hill, the motion and the fresh air re called his darling from the swoou into which she had fallen. She wreathed her arms closely about his neck-; she kissed his bleeding face again and again. 'Oh, my darling! my darling! that hideous dream is over., -bod sent you to to mo. my brave, devoted love.' As for W a' ren, his rapt uro was too deep for words. Ihe stars burned down upon luui : the wind secmod to sing 1 1 love you ! 1 love you ! the trees, as they passed under them, murmured musically, aud he held in his anns the breathing woman whom he had mourned as lost. ' Hcch. sir-', this is a sair siuht for auld ccn,' said the landlady, when they reached the village inn. • Puir young ieddy ? pair young leddy 1' Warren removed the blood from his face, and with a strong body of constables returned to the ruins of Mucklenowe Granpe. They found the dead body of the cruel uncle. Bis accomplice expired, after confcBsing her share in the conspiracy agaiust Miss Fotheringay. B} p that youDg lady's death her uucle would have fallen heir to an enormous property ; but ho shrank from committmj a direct murder. By the assistance of Mrs. Saunders, and some others whom she implicated, Miss Fotheringay was abducted, and a dead body was procured and placed iu the river after being adorned with some of the young jady's jewellery. The letter, coufeasiug suicido, was a forgery. Tho muster of a sailing-vessel had been bribed to bring the young lady—who.was rcpresppted to be insane—tb JEutope.' 'Sho.had been confined iu a'part of the ruins of ,the old mansion, which, jiad been fitted for .her reception, and here -the cruelty of Sirs. Saunders was employed in the vain attempt to destroy her reason-or break her heart. But the memory of her lover upheld her. Tho knowledge of her strange story soon spread, uud wlieu she became Mrs. Warren, the youug couple were lionised by society, and though sue was inthe heartiest of good health, Mrs. Warren was generally called 4 The Ghost of Mucklenowe Grange.' A young lawyer of the city of Manchester tells a story about himself which is good enough to go on record. He was "trying a k ' rum case" at Bristol not long ago, when a witness was put in the box to testify to the reputation of the place iu question. This witness, a stag driver, in answer to a query as to the reputation of the place, replied, 4{ A rum shop.,' The lawyer replied, u You say it has the reputation of being a rum shop ?" " Yes, sir." 4 4 Whom did you hear say that it was a ruui shop ?" The witness didu'fc recollect of anyone he had heard say so. 4 4 What I" said tho lawyer: 4 you have sworn this place has the reputation of being a rum shop, and yet you cannot tell ofauyone you ever heard say so ?" The witness was staggered for a moment—iu the "words of the lawyer, " I had him"—and the lawyer was feeling triumphant, when tho witness gathered himself together, aud quietly remarked, addressing the lawyer, 44 Well, you have the reputation of being a very clever lawyer, but I never heard anyone say ; .so".-. Tho student should first study wliat lie needs most to know tho order of. lua needs should , the :tho order, of his wiJr, ' learned Tn solitude Jivwhere .none oppose^ the - will becomes a tyrant.- You anu st leorii f roui suffering a wiser judgment :of yourpowers. Youth, presumption, and in-! experience fitSrcnf-bitt-iU to cope with the world. You will not find yourselt tlic conqueror in every mortal struggle : you willlcaro that you cannot rule your destiny as you imagine ; you are not aioue, hut a tiny link .in the great chain of society. A Sunday-school teacher asked, " What bird is large enough to carry, oil a man ?" Nobody knew ; but one little girl suggested "a lark." And thou she explained, " Mamma said papa wouldn't be home until Monday, "because he hud goue off on n lack." " My brethren," said a Wester Yankee minister, " the preaching of the gospel to some people is like pouring water over a. sponge—it soaks ill and stays. To others itis like the wind blowing through a chicken-coop. My experience of tills congregation is that it contains more chicken-coops than sponges." ( t Can't you trust me darling?" murmured the impecunious lover.. to the daughter of an old money- lender.—" Not without real estate security," she absently replied, • You can surely dimmish pain and increase pleasure : the. secret is to lmow more and.to-.know that there is more to love. It is surprising how willingly a young wau. will get up at tliree in the morning to go fishing, who'lias hard work -to get down «t:seven when his mother is in a liurry to get breastfast over. Ihe nian who contents himself to-day with ..that-whicli""lie Eas, will content; himself .^-morrow : with-that which he may ha^2. 