INGLE WOOD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) Wednesday, 22nd July. In the police court to-day before Mr. Webster, P.M., an assault case in which cross charges were made, and some very conflicting evidence was given, occupied a considerable time. The litigants were Mr. R. Redwood and Dr. Crossland, both of Bridgewater. The former gave evidence that on the 9th March last, he met with Dr. Crossland at Garde's Hotel, when an altercation took place out side, during which he was knocked down twice, also that the assault and threatening language were repeated inside, he being taken by the throat and seriously injured. Dr. Crossland, when in the box, admitted some violent language outside, but swore that his opponent kicked him twice savagely in a vital part, making it necessary for him to go to Melbourne for medical treatment, for three weeks; this latter evidence was corrobor ated by two witnesses on the opposite side of the street when the disturbance began. Some collateral evidence was given, but his wor ship expressed his perplexity at the serious con victions made in the statements of the two principals. He could not disbelieve the two witnesses who saw the row outside, and as it was evident the doctor intended, after getting into the house, " to go " for Redwood, he should fine him £2, and Redwood £5, each party to pay his own costs. Mr. Lamont appeared for Redwood, Mr. Barrett for Crossland. In the same court two licensed victuallers were summoned by Revenue Inspector Cotter, for an infringement of the Trades Marks Statute. In the first case the evi dence only went to show that gin had been diluted with water, and was not up to the required strength of the liquor that ought to be contained in a bottle holding it, which had the JDKZ brand. A fine of £1 was inflicted, with costs £3 4s 6d, in two cases arising out of the offence. ln the other case the inspector proved that a different gin was contained of a presumedly inferior quality, and a fine of £10 was inflicted, with similar costs. Mr. Barrett ap peared for the inspector, and Mr. Lamont for the defendants. A "ghost" is said to have made its appearance on the lnglewood and Bridgewater road,and some times people have been much frightened by the vagaries of the unknown. Its favorite locality is near the railway bridge, on Sandy Oreek. A good stout horsewhip well applied is about the likeliest cure for the erratic stranger. A coursing club has been started here, and bids fair, from the amount of interest taken in the movement, to be a great success. A special temporary license was granted to-day to Morris Ryan, of Derby, for the ploughing match gathering at that place. 