SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. COURSING. THE WATERLOO CUP MEETING. Jut.. 15, 1C, 17. THE WAITII-OO CUP, For 0. all ages, at £" each Winner £i"_ seeonl ¿1110, third and fourth, £17 10s each, four winners of three conrses £"8 10. each cl.ht yvlnnersof tyyo eourscs, ¿.IO each 10 yyninci. of one course £0 10s. each deducted for W atcrloo I'ureo, £201 tis deduoted for Waterloo Plate, ¿ISO IDs expenses £30. iotal, £1,000 Siesta beat Quinine Ithodanthe beat Castanet. M Mr A Bairne s yy hi b Khodantlie by Robolllon V. o-.torh heat Mr li L Lord ns (Mr G VI hitting ham s) ho yy b .testa b} Bil^adler-Hilda andtyoutno biako tAAT.ttLOO 1 UHSL. For 82 dogs beaten in the Hist round of the Cup Winner £71 f- second fc'S 10s third and fourth £11 6s each four winners of tyyo courses ¿Dios each elirlit winners of one course ¿I 15a each Tot ii, £"04 tis III Truthful heat Hartley Cast ina I cat M alyy ei i Chima beat llaldcnur II 1 billum a b} n, Lcoliuo draw n IV Castalia beat Truthful Chimo bia-1 hltlinu V Mr It If }.onl|,o-iori-ii.(.ir v\ I Chill on)f w li p Chime li} Castoi- -Iii t beat Mr I M Cul'io ia ti t b Castalia b} Clie.tcr-Casta Dita, and won tho -tal e « V VTI moon MT 1 or 1C dogs beaten in tho veeond round ot -lift Cup -Inner £10« Bccond i._i 10s. third and fourth £9 10s each four yyinnersof one cour.e ¿4 1.3 II I ord L} on boat Parade J oin Sa} ei - 1 cut Coral "amlte 1 hilistlno boat Sostonuto lied Hind beat Master M atson lil Tom Sayers beat I or t I} on RclIUndbeatlhlU.tlii IV Mr Watson ns (Mr VV li Rounsciolls) r W II Red Hull hy Chester-Rosy -aun beat Mr It Donoyaus boyvd IontSa}crs bj Bashful Jcrr}-BluoLoot out, aud yyon the stal c lill IOCH ST .ItLS Tor eight puppies at 4 guineas each Winner, £"0 ronner up, £10 Mr L O layyfordarb Llaiell) by Lelo--Lolllo beat Mr J Kemps fwd JJothcraui, b} Harem II -Duchess Mr 1 R Scotts lo ti d Siycepstake (lato Game) by Chesterfield-Little Alice boat Mr B Sinltherams bk tv li -lil-MIng Girl, by Whistling Diek-Lad} llmor lion tv M Culloch s yy hld Montra»- by Monsoon -Minoría beat Mi i Daly a yy bd b Mon. Thought by Rieht Idol-DuniahsJo} Mi I B .-cottsf yy li .Slier«ooJ Lass bv Ovora uiait II-latichloii beat Mr II Uor. * bewb_ul nara by llallatat Dos.-Giiulla II I lanelli heat S yccpstalio Montrose beat bheiy ood Lass III Mr f-C latvforlsrb Lltnell} by Lelox-Lollle au I Mr W M Culloch s w b 1 d Montrose, by Moil soon-Minería diyltled tho stake HIL itAiiivicK sr.kra For eight pup) les at 4 guiness each Winner, £20, nu mr np £10 Mr T Wtgolnas ty bd b Manda bv Ovorsman II-Western I oil) beat Mr T S Cod styy bBlde a wee, by llarom II - Duchess Hoi W M CutloLhsrh Merrie Sherwood bv Mon soon-(.a.etto mut Mr li Ora} s t yy b Glitter b} Caitor-Mint Mi W It Olson s w f d Opulent, by Whistling Did -Lad} Timor beat Mr J 1 an less sr or fd Osman Dinna b} Darlington or Be Happy-Thistle Mr II Goroabkw d Biithrlght by Sentry Go Crocus biatMr I 1 Scotts be yy b -horwood star b} Shy Sam Sunlloyyei II Wanda heat Merrie Sberyyood Birthright beat Opulent III Mr J W bruins s yy bd b Wanda b} Otc.»man II - Weitem Lad} on 1 Vii II Coius bk yy d Birthright, by -entry Go-Crocus dlyided tile -talto rut, UAH WAV STAI... 1 or ci^ht puppies aG 1 "tiiucas ea.h Winner, £20 lunuer up £10 lion W M Culloch s r d Monmouth by Monsoon Ga-etio beat Mr J Low less s r d Mahdi, by Darlinir ton or Uo Happy-Thistle Mr T Dal} a I k w d Dangcrllcld bj Mastor Joe Broii-eiylm. 1 cat Mr 1 Dicksons (lun ) bk w d Master VI Grath II, by Kelp!e-Tho Witch. Mr H I lasers r w d Jyoiv Jim hi Chesterfield Dunlreaye DLutMr A Bello bl yv u Daur them a b} Go-as } ou please-I pea Vii L C Lawford» f yy ii RUBIO b} Oycrsman II -Lad} Audley boat Mr A iniiths rwb Hermione by chesterfield-Sister to W osthoin II Monmouth heat Dangcrllcld Bu_lo beat Kow Jim III lion W M Cullo.hsrd Monmouth hy Monsoon Gtzetto and Mr I C Layvford s f yy d Bu¡,lo, by Ovoriinan II -Lad} Audio}, divided the stalle 1 niD-Y the thirteenth ~~a.e_.oo Cup run under the auspices of the \ letona Coursing Club ivis linislied }e3terdii} at the omi near Divers liest Again coursing men and the club were toi túnate ns reyirds the weather the day beinj, bright und pleasant '1 tvo special trains were sent out fiom Spencer street and the attendance was good lor the closing dav when the mirabel ot courses is usually limited Hie three eight dof, stales 1 ut m to < oniplete the pro_i ninnie tv era not calculated to nttract much uttontion As a rule owners are nterse to runnim, untrained puppies three times in one da}, anl ns is generally the case with these hurricdlt im proy iserl eie.ht dog stakes the whole three it ere du ided 1 he interest in the et enta was thus considerably lessened by the ty ant ot linahty Coming down to the more interesting items on the card the courses }et required to linish the ~. uterloo Cup, of couise claimed the complete attention of those pi eat tit -istcrduy we surmised Hint in the pt eut of Quinine going down it would be ns much throi."!i hir mm clctcrness with her teeth as bj reason ot an} supenont} in her opponents and tina waa eiiictly what enuc about biestn led Quinine und was lortuuiite in getting u letv points before the Intter cot in lust tt hen there was eterv possibility of tho Ballarat bitch clearing oft thoa« points sh« piel ed up the hare in one of her niii^nilicent drues and destroyed her own chinee of winning tho great greyhound pn/e tina tear 1 loin biesta s subsequent display in the linal course it is almost ii certiimt. that a strong hare would have seen her beaten by Quinine Indee 1, the performances ot the lutter in every course she has run at the meeting suggests the query ty hether there it as any I gre} hound in the bl to beat her under the ?ame conditions The meeting of Rhodantho and Castanet wns the subject of much sppcu lation other than that recorded m betting I books Both dogs were m the one kennel, and on the night before the finish insinua tiona ot Bticli a character as might be looked for when bettit g met» undeital o to gauge the morality of greyhound owners and trainers were being circu luted through the betting roema These were generalIs to the eftettthat Rhodantho would not beat Castanet and if anyone eup ported the latter on the strength o£ these rumours they quite descried to lose their mono) It has indeed been characteristic ot the present Waterloo Cup und would seem to be nidiciitno ot the decline ot the sport thit owners hn*.e been less particular thau e\er as to the light in which their actions would be viewed by the public \s tor the courso between Rhodunthe and Castanet, the latter simply ga\e the cldei greyhound no ns Btstnnci und lhere wns some cheering in the ring nt the result windi required no scarlet 1 bandi erclnef lrom tin ju l_e to indicate it. The success ot Lhodunthe in the final tri li was awaited with mteiest mid cerj confi dence As soon na they lett the slips tho atipenority of the \cterin greyhound was mude mniiifcst but before tliej re tchod the hare til«* onlj niishnpof thcmcctin,; occurred as a black greyhound which had been sold at auction a lew moments beioie broke from the crowd and galloped across to join m tho course Before he could j,ivc uny assistance, or hindrance, Rhodaiithe had scored bel points killed the hare, and won her second \\\uterloo Cup A cheer broke lrom the crowd, and there was n unanimous rush to see this canine wonder amongst Aus traban grej hounds thecia for both trainer and gteyliound were libernllj given, and in this was some atonement was made to Melrose lor the unjust insinuations of the previous night The career ot the winner lins been more reinnrliiibl. than tha.ol 1113 other Australian grcjho md, and will probablj long remain un mulled She was bred by Mi V B Rounsc veil, ot South Au-tinliu, mid her victoiies include two Victorian Waterloo Cups, a Waterloo Plate (won in Capua year) Aus traban Cup Ballarat Champion St ikes, Moonee ^ alley Champion -takes (won onlj n few weeks ago), V C C Vice presidents Plate, and the Hindmarsh Stakes in South Aus trulla, a long and higblj creditable record of Mctoii Uhodanthe lins been slipped 4S times in public, and has won 42 courses No comment on these figures ia required At Mr M'Quadessale ol i_rcshounds tin«, week she was purchased by Mr A Bairne, of New I South \\\ ales, lor I'M) guineas It is a some what remarkable incident that at the present meeting Mi Bairne saw coursing lor the first time, and certninlj no more uusptcious opening for a coursing career can be iniugined than the winning ot a Waterloo Cup at the very outset The runner up, Siesta, wasbred | in Victoria close to the Adelaide border, lind after dividingtheMojlullCup atNarracoorte, was brought over to um for tne Waterloo Cup hist j ear She was one ot the hist four grej hounds remtiining in the atakc, and waa beaten by Monsoon Aftct the meeting Siesta and her sister, Haste, wcie bought bj Mr George \\\ hittingham foi -20 guineas Since that time BIIC easily won the New South \\\ alea Waterloo Cup so that her íecord is b3 no means disciedittible It is something of a coincidence that the winners of the last two Waterloo Cupa in New South Wales should afterwards run up for the same stake in Vic tona, this being done by Monsoon last j ear It is a point worth) of notice that the last four greyhounds lett in the stake were all bitches and that two of them, Siesta mid Castanet, who w as bied in South Australia, filled the same positions last 3 car 1 or the Waterloo Purae the deciding course was between Cluine and Castalia, the latter a sistei to Castanet. Chime, who is from Sir William Clarkes kennel, won in vers good style, nttcr putting out her kennel mate Clara Crosbie The Waterloo Plate 1-11 to Red Hind, another South Australian giej hound, who in the final course beat ti verv good dog in Tom Sayers Most of the trials run ¡es terdtiy were of a one sided nature, and the only dissent from the judge H decision wnB in otu! of the lesser stakes Banners slipping was, as usual, perfect.Hie lo Rowing arc the details ot the coursing - WATrntoo CUP- iourth Ties -Quinine wns qulcl est out of »lips, but Siesta nns3nd lior, and drew out for first turu Coming round olio scored two point«, moro, and then ran wide, but making a quick recovers, was onto ajuin lu possession of lior carno, mid kept it beautifully to herself until tlio pair cannoned (¿uliiiuo then i,ofc In made lour or tho bilUlimt BUccessno drives,1] und put herself out with a splcudid I ill lrom a long slip rhodantlio and Castanet ran looked to gcilier, but ltliodantlio drew out, and t,ot tho turn bv a length from Castanet Keeping possession of a last hurc »ho drovo it wrenching totvurds tlio upper end of tlio omi, and scoicd a lot of points, riom lthodanthcs turu G .stattet was placed for a slntlû point by fat our, but the vt hito caine a0aln, and drotc the haio wrenching to covert itlnniti- the eoittso in tho most decisivo and unexpected way lhere was loud cheering lu the nut, at the result ixcldlii), _oui»o- Hie bellin- «as fli_t lu Mt our of -itsU and then 1 bodatithu who had all throuJi slionn such unexpcc ud In llluiici As ti o haro raced up tim «-«.al c\ery etô wa«. on thu last peir of 1.11*3 hounds left }u ' Hie stake and wbun tho white Itlioiiaiithe shotted In front from slips Justas the dogs 1 cached tho haro a I lacl cn mound brol 0 from tim not ii of on lookers, und 1 ic I aeio«s to tit 11 pnrt 111 the eoni-u it bein,, rathol remití tblo that tho slli"lu hiishnp oí this lind at the meeting should ha res it ed foi the most Impottant emuso of tho Wntcilo Cup lllioilantbo got Hist to tlio hare an I put In sotiio strcnir wronehes amid continued applau«. from tho ero«d Siosta was tbeiipltced foi a coupla ol weak points but ltliodantlio caine u-iin, and tho third dog putting tho hare to her she tilled mid won hci second \\\\_teiloo Cup Ibero tt is tho usual rush after the coiuso to Inspect tho winner and three cheers were git eli lor thotralnci, Malter Meliose Vt--irai 00 Pt nsE-Second Tics-Truthful led Itartlo) fruin slips and bad the best oftlio subsequent points a course-Dint tins almost a stralirhtiuu to tho eotcrt beingsllj-htlt In fnvom of Truthful Tastana led Wulttcra up coming round she wiciichcd the bare and killed from the other's tilín, winnini casllj Cbbuo was much faster than Waldemar If, and worlc inir her hare beautiful!-,, beat tho blgcci do"- shamo {11TI3 In nu entirely one elded course Xlie tt Inner went in at ort tailing st>lo I'hlllina ran u dashing bso with a ilo"- that cate her no assistance unto the kill Xhtrd Tics -Castalia was faster In the run up than Truthful, and i,ot tlio cartier points placing, Ituthful for 1.01110 fcood worl lowardslhe llnlsli of thecour e Cast «na had much tho bet of it and won chime lod from slips, and worked with Bplrlt tth«>n In «Kisses sion of tlio haio ! hlllinn then got an opening and turned It to tor) good account, but when ellimo raced past u«,niu, ncur tho finish, It was H on that I'hilllnu must bo bitten, the I ill et cn not being sut lleicnt to sa«, o bet Det-lding Course -Castalia was llrst from slips but Chimo was catching licniioiciv stildu as tiny neal ed tho haro and Castalia burel«, succeeded in bcorm/ the turu before Ubinia tool possession of tho liare Castalia (,ot In a.-ain, hut could mai o little use of tho opportittiitt, tor Chimo heut her two points to 010 dulilla* the rest of the course and won Ino stat ecoin fortablv MAILIILOO l'un.--First Ties-tord lion was much fust-r than 1 arado to tho haio and -.ottho earl> points Puvadc then took possession, but fell Coming aa-lri, she raced past Laid 13 on and tt as rapidlt olearlngnttas his carls point» when tbegume escaped Tho whito flag was hoisted i or 1 ord 13 on Toni-avcrs just Rained the turu l>s al aro leu.th In alliance of Corangamite, and being futourid Dy puss aftcrttards, I cpt possession for a long time corangumlto was then placed, but fe 1 and Tom "-users being dlsap)olnted In tho »ama was neither cot to tho haio again loin -ojers won rathol casitt Philistlno and -ostonuto raeol from slips looked together lhllistiuo then dretv out lor the turn, toole possession, worked the haio bcautl full}, killi ii and boat tho other dog pointless J ho courso between lied Hind and Master Matson wus unotber one sided affair tba foinier leading and doing all tho woik Ile wound up with a clot er 1 lil not bating allotted Master Matson to score °eeond Ties -Ina long: slip Lord I s 011 seemingly was leading, but iimiicdlateK Tom -«ateis put on pace he dretv out and {,ot the tutu, following It up nt a succession of drives After placing his opp incut lu the middle part of the course, 110 tool possession of tho haro and won us he liked Philistine was llrst awuy, but lied Hind led mid after «.aliilng the turn kept possession for a time A fast liat-o suited Ked liiud s et- lo, and although sho let Philistine in for a few points at one time, t>tto carno un_ln and, 1 cop in_ possession of tho hare until tho escapo wius lcachcd, won cashs Decidme- Course-Tom Paters was the first In front as tho pair raced aw at fiom slips, but Bed Hind passed han, and scored llrst turn, following up uftcrvvurds for u succession of drive« _ho lost com maud of the haro through s'umbllrig, but Tom butors t,ood as be bud been In his lorn cr tiials wa* tinublo to 1 uop possession Kel Hind caine nguiu an 11 cepintr tho hare to herself for the balance of tho course, won rather casils Ibis um finished the mcctlng Locn STARTS - Wandu lod Itothcnrn to the hare ant did mnrlt all the ttnrl bite nstal 0 uiso bud the Kad from Whistling Girl und took llrst two points Mhlstlliik -Irl (rot in and waa buss until near the llnlsli wi en Swcinsukc went | ant her, score 1 the tliiishhie poll rs und won Montra ettui llrst out of slips and ttrtiichel the biro jujt Intimo to train first points Aftert ards Merri thou) lit ba- the I eit of It ntilshoWLl mes« pa u lbo decision in fat our of Montrose must lato been u near thhif sberttood 1 ass led Otihiiuo bt nmi \ lenettis mid 1 cpt j os-.csi.ion of i\t ici ching li ire coso up to the escape \ hero Gulnare scored u single point and tvus so in ils b utcn 1 ii t Ties -Llanelly led, an 1 beat Swecpstako In a rather one sided tonr-u Montrose led «sherwood 1 ass In a lout, slip, und wrenching the haro to covert won easily I Llancllt and Montrosa di\ Ided the stake *t\ emiten SrvuLs-Wanda showed Bide a tt co tho longest lend of tho meetirii, and got some good points before tho other jollied issuo Then the fawn had rathor tho best of It but *t\anda won lather casils Mcrrlo -hcrttood had too much pace for Gutter and f,ottlrst up )>s a (oil) lo of lengths After some even work, In a short course ¡Merrio Short ood killed end won Osman Dif-na led Opulent bv about u leiiKtb, but the latter did all tho subséquent t orl and won canil«, Birthright led carno round I tiled an I woti easily from Mier too 1 Star llrst llea-Mania tvns faster from sips than Merrie Shorn00 1 but tripped up while dntuu inr ifainu uloiif, niccls borne et cn work in a eood courte lett Munta the winner with sometí lu-, to stir«. Iliithrlfcht led andfcot tho tarli | oh Is but O; ni nt was tery bust towards tho finish, an I after the inn ttius llnisbe I ns far as results were concerned he followcl the haro over three of the eotcrt fences jinn) ing bciutifullt Biillulftht won and divided the stil 0 with M andu Ii Min At -rAH-S -Monmouth had a very long le td ti oin tho Mahdi but fell The lulso prophet in possess!in olino down nlso mid wus casils beaten afterwards Master M Giath II led up and inaktnir a splendid dash to I ill carno to grief badls This gave Danterlleld tho opportunltv for n fotv I oint«, but Mastor M Grath II was buss towards tho finish, and Jumping the covert fene«. went on beaten bv a trifle Kew Jim beat Datir Moin a both In paco and clev crncss tho latter losing* a lot of grounl at the turns Buirlo led up and turned, when Hermione 6polled hor chanco b3 kllllnt, II at Tlos-Monmouth was faster than Danger field and afterwards shared tho points evenly yrith him In some liu ted y ork with « short dodgint, 1 aro B gie had tho early worl all tohiioscit when o| po d to I owl! lit of tel y ords there y as 1 Mo bet yccn ti en Hu le on Moi n outh ai d Bllg-lo divided tho s ale. Hie genenl settling is appointed for 3 o clock on Monday niternoon nt Asches Union Club Hotel Collins street west. K vrixG imi GltAND ÑA-TONAL MEETIÎvG AT TI 1 MI\G10"~ 'Hie vt inter steeplechase meeting under the auspices ot the Victoria Huang _lub which t ikes place to dav, is the event of the season and will no doubt attract a large assemblage Hie entries, as ty ill have been noticed ere noiv ttcrcthc most numer" is since the in stitiition of the ineetuifc, and strong holds ure theicfore assured lhere ure liait a do/cn etent3 on the card beginning at 1 0 clock t ith the Maiden Hui ile J ace and followed by the "Maiden Steeplechase half nu hour Inter Alter luncheon tho Grand Isntional Hurdle Huco comes oft at -1 minutes pist J and at Ino minutes past _ the Grand iMition.l -steeplechase is down for de cisión 'Ihcio is then a Selling Ilurdlo hace at ii quarter to 4 and the mectine winds up at halt past 4 with the 1 lut Hace for which a (.lent held will go to tho post Hie Au.tr.han Miht.ry Bund will us usual play a choici selection ot music on the lawn Iranís tun at intertills fiom Spencer aticetto the course commencing at 10 ¿0 » ni , and continuing as required up to half past _ returning immediately after the last race Holiday excursion ticl cts are siso gre ited to country visitors available lor return up to Monday nu,ht whilst for the convenience ot -NCIV South Wales sportsmen it is lmther more announced that a special trim leaves at 7- pin alter tho races lor Albury so as to enable them to arrive lit Sydney on Monduy inoran.., Hie usuil omnibus service Irotn 1 ourl e street to the course will ulso bo available I he follotving is the programme and order of running, - vi llDEN HUHDLI, HACK. Of-.nova ead with 00 added Second horse to re io ye G -oys and tho third 10 sois outof tho stake About t yo milts st lb Mr II Chtfno} s bgChatsworth 6}ra . Ill II Mi A M Donald a b li Coup d Etat 0 vri 10 Ti Mr 1 QDonuells ch li Grattan &}rs 10 G Mr I W aro s eli h Irralco Otra 10 6 Mr 1 V Tall otsbo Wat erle} 4}rs 10 D Mr J P D Laurlos be rclio Ojrs . 10 2 Mi Q 1 j cr a oh g Oculist Ojrs IO 2 Mr J Warosbg Insoltcnt 4 ira . . 10 - Mr A Summers s b g Ace _}rs _. 10 2 Mr t Coffey a bl t, Raten aged _, . 10 2 Mr li Darlots bg Walhalla Otra - 10 _ Mr J Rhodonab. Sea Brcezo 4}rs . « 10 2 Sir W J clarke a br o Athenian 4 } rs <1 12 Mr J Cripps s bl o Duration l}rs . II' Mr S Mahon s br g Sun-roft .}!.» 0 0 Mr It O Talbots bo Hippogriff djrs 0 0 Mi J Simson ns bl o 1 bon} 1} ra _ U 0 MAID1 V HfLFPI -OH VSf Of-soys each with "00 added The second horso to receive o sois and third 10 soys out of tile stako About tivo miles st 11 non W Pearsons b m I/ily Ashton, 0 }ri 11 12 Air E. W ecks s oh g 1 usut"r aged lill Mr S Mulcra b g hull jiio ajr« 1 li li Mr C A Illgatosbi c Uro n Laglo a¡,od li IL VIr u liustsbt Dey «shoot 0}rs 11 11 Mr 1 lillie s b m Joe s Indian Queen II, G }is 11 7 Mr J Dinon s b g Signal G v rs li li Mr S M. Wilson s b g Riverton 0 } rs or aged li 1 Mr M Loughlins _(, Wt inlet, 4 j is . 10 7 Mr G II Read s hr t, I.eUcent 4} ra 10 7 01IAND -tATIONAIi HUIID-P RACE Of 10 sots each with 400 added Tho scoond horso to reedy C-0 -oys. aid tho third -J sols out of tho stake About thrco milos st lb Mr CUT Har. s oh li Tho A"ent 0}rs 11 1) Mr I I oulsl mu s b g Huntsman 0}rs It t Mi M I.oughlln s br li Shoot Anchor, 0 yrs 10 lu Mr J Whitehead s bir Star aged 10 11 Mr 1 1 Cot.a gi. Student a"ol lull Vii I 1 D Laurie s bru Gua. dtish, 0 }rs lo 8 Mr I U W hito ache rcho a ed 10 4 Mr I Waros eil li Irralco tltrs lo - Mr It 11 lllp s ch m Tattler 0}rs I) 11 Mi A M Donald s h g Omadlmun 0 } rs I) S Mr M Lotcrfiliu s ch _. I lamhoraui.li U}rs H r VIr J M Grado s br h íantallzoi Uji- 0 4 Mr I Waros bg Insol/citt 4 yrs 9 - Mr li Ullin-. 3 1) i, Chats oith 0}» li 0 Mi J Uhodcn s b u Sea Breeza 4 yis O ü Mr M S Co\ s h li Cockboat yrs 0 0 rllAND .»ATIOt IL ST-.LPn.OnASf' Of lo soi s cncli with DOO added Thu second horso to receive fo soys aid tho third 0 sois out of tho slake About thrco mile.. st lb Mr J Cohen a b g Dcnmarl aged 12 11 Mr I II W hito a oh g ioho c¡.cd 1- 4 Mr *? Martin s b m Ll.ette aged It 11 Mr CHI HaitsbrgGoycrnor -}r_ li ' Mr VI loughlins br g Mon eu ajred li 4 Mr D la} lor s b sr 1 orrostcr U } rs 110 VIr J Murados hr g Moonlight aged 10 10 Mr 1 Hill tshrh CraniiUo 0}_3 lu 8 Mr M II Smiths bg Irozresa 0 }ra lo 7 Mr H. Martin a I i, Native a,cl lu 7 Mr I O vi lights br ni Mhicrya Gvts 10 D Mr S Mulela b¡,Mornder lyra 10 G VIr 1 Ililíoslitu looalntllai (¿icon li, G vrs 10 4 Mr M Lous! Hu s b g VV} inlet _yra 10 4 Mr M 1> W bitty s b li Old Soul r yrs 10 4 VU J ltmulll a ti _. Sir Samuel Oyis 10 a lion li tcRiä.iiohm Lad} A«liton ti}rs 10 0 Ml A Summers » I) j. Good ool C}la 10 0 Mr I M Dona! 1 » b ni I ctitla II j ia ti 1" tit G ]|us»oll a ch g Sailor uecd II 10 Mr 1 M lion Uhr g Loo 4 vrs li 10 Mr P 7 Cot. i b c Trlcl ott Ojia 11 7 Mr C Rust.«_,k Robin Otra . J " MrS Mi lei s bj, Stn Hey 4 yrs U " S1LLIM liunm r ii ten Of J sots each t Uli ISO ad led VI Inner to 1 o sold foi £u0 Olio u ilo an 1 a I alf and it distance at lb Mr li Phillips s 1 r li Doncaster (nil) 0 } rs 11 0 Vii It lhllipsch m loUtcr(nil) ..tri 101. Mi J M Donald s b m Lctitin ( ill) Otra lol» Mr J P D Laurie a bri, Guardllsli (nil) 0 vis 10 H Mr M Loukhllu a cb " 1 tamborough (nil) 0 } ra lo li Mr P I Cotât t Student (nil) ifccd 10 It VIr 1 loillsliauiHlit Huntsman (nil) Otra 1(111 Mr li Chltno}ab(, luyult} (nil) a"ed lo It Mr I W eel s sch ;, Fusilier (ni!) n.cd 10 11 Mr 1 Collei s big Raton (nil) n"t 1 10 li Mr 1 loans b _ Amateur (nil) O.rs 10 li Mr 1 H W hito s hi, hoho (nil) u ed 10 11 Mr J It Learmonth a eli li Ass cal (nil) S vrs 30 9 Mr 11 S Co\ s b h Cockboat (nil) G vrs 10 J Mr A M Donald s b g Omadliauii (nil) G t rs 10 0 Mr I Ralston s b g Prldo of Oal landa (nil) G vis 30 0 Mr It ly Maitland s b cr Stafford (nil) } s 10 U Mi It Dulotab g Walhalla (nil) ß}ra IO 0 Mr W s Cos. s b c TI o Chief (i 11) I} is 0 10 li VT 11AC1 Of G sovs each, withlGOad ted One mile it lb Mr T Wares ch h Iiralco 0}ra j - VIr J W i .on « b o sib cr Klm_ J j ra ii lion IV 1 carson sli.l hu.il le D t ra s 10 Mi l D Robertson s bio liceloua Stone 4} re s 10 Mi 1 G Reit ach ill G meo Daring j }rs 8 S Mr R It Ma ti ind a b " statloi I _ } rs S 7 Mr J C 11.118 iii ¿Ghost -i ed S 0 I Mr S c. Cool s b h Aiiglesos -sr. _ 4 Mr CUT Harts«, o Country B03, _si_ 8 4 Mr 1 C offc) s bl o 1 orillen 4 3 rs .* 12 Mr J Milsons jim hro Itliignmtor 2*.ra 7 8 Mr Vf Lanj-lis s 11 h «l-tlo ici ùvrs 7 S Mr D M Robertsons b a Clnolnnatus 331s " 7 Mr I 11 Cow oil s b 0 Sirocco -31s 7 0 Mi C M ¡Ison s b m Gardenia rjjrs 7 ti llr 1 MDonallHclij; I-avour oued 7 4 Mr I Milsons jim gf Lud v Hit 4srs 7 4 Mr M 1> M hlttt s br g For oru Hope 0 s ra 7 4 Mi I Wilsons jun bor In f Uvlo 2jrs 7 i Mr IL Ihllllpss bril Doncaster (131s . 7 .. Mr A M Donald s bli Conn Dhtat (¡3« 7 3 Mr 1* Jones s bl oBoliemlun -srs 7 J Mi II Thurlln-s b f Last Ls nile jrs " _ Mi 0.1 1 raser3I1 h_!rCharles 531s 7 " Mr *. DatlssbrmLcribla 6 1rs 7 - Mi P Kells « oh g M arllcld «"vr«i Mr A «-olman 0 br f loo Too 4 s rs 7 0 Vlr 1 lint Ilng3 s cb _ Footman 031. 7 0 SUM ) Chuko s br«,*« omet 4 3ra lill Mr J M lisons cb a Tcrnsldo 2vrs I 12 Mr 1 A Lang s b I A"ntha 4 s rs ti 1 Mi M lacobs s cb 1 -edith n 2 3 rs (II. Mr M PotterschhllonrloScotlnii! G)i. (J 10 Mr 1 Meeks s bl a Darrell ¡sr» d10 Mr H Haines s b 0 Bcrkolcs J srs US M I Hill scbi »luv dew 4 s " ti 7 Mr i> Duvlssbf Mis Juries 4'rs b 0 TJU, BLUING last nights betting at the \1ctor1an Club was principally confined to the two brand Nationals lor the Hurdle lace bhect Anchor was firm at 7 to 4 taken and wanted, the Levnithan offering £J 000 to L2 000 The Agent w as a shade easier tit a to 1 whilst 10 to 1 was taken and offered against Hunts man, Omadhaun and Guardllsh 100 to 7 also bcinc, tal cn and offered lattler In the Steeplech i«.e Mon en was at the head of the quotations at D to 1 whilst 10 to 1 waa ob tamable about ans thing elie Reticent was backed at 2 to 1 lor the Maiden Steeplt chase whilst 4 to I wits offered on the field about the Maiden Hurdle Race RACING Hie entries for the August meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turt Club close on Monday nt 4 p m Lheie are five events vi/ the Saplni- Stakes ot 100 sovs for two 3e.11 olds three iurlongi the Huidle Race of u nova each with -00 so*.s added two miles Sellim, 1 ace otoOsovs halt a mile Caul U«*!d (..rand "National Steeplechase ot 7 sovs cich with 360 BOC8 added about two miles and a halt and the Balaclava btiiken 01100 sovs seven furlongs Hie entries for the following races, to be run nt the **ale lurf Club winter meeting c ose on Monday at 4 p m at the I "chance Hoti I Silo anti at the \ R C olhee Rourke street west -Hurdle Race Gipps Land Hop Ritters Han heap, an 1 -teeplechuse Hie Deniliquin Joel ey Club Maiden 1 late entries nie due on Mondas i he acceptances for the lerildene Jockey Club meetni- must be declared on Mondai George Goodie arrived on lndny from Ballarat with Oculist and Mar for todas s eiign-emenls -Hiring the weel there lias been some w igcnng over the Melbourne Cup St John was pencilled down to win t20 000 it 50 to 1 the a une (lillie was also booked about July to w 111 about Lit 000 S _LI*S Ol RVCLÎÏORSLs Messrs *t\ C - tulle and Co announce an impoitant sale ot bloo 1 stock at iattcrsull a Ba anr ¡stephen street on Mondas ne\t Hie lota compuse Meteor, St. Leonards a two vear old colt bv St Albans-Naomi Inglesides Umberto Ishmael Primus Aus tialinn Court Oculist Snlesards bir Samuel, Hannibal, and Pluto J he sale is at 3 p m. HUNTING THP MFLPOURNE HOUSES About 40 members of the Melbourne Hunt Club met the master nt the steam lerrs, Williamstown setaterdny (I-idai) afternoon Proceeding along ilason street, Newport, the throw oft took place m nn adjacent paddock, the hounds i,oing away at a great pnç», heading north tust. Stone wnlls were the principal obstacles met with 'Hie Kororoit Creek and the Geelong road were crossed near the Guiding Star, thence tow ards Mount Derrimut, the hounds crossing the Melton railway about two miles south of it, thence through the dynamite works, crossing the Ballarat road m M Mahon s paddock About three miles further north the stng was secured in Mr 1 B, Hann s paddock 'Hie run was rather a severe one ot about 1" mlles a held of l8 including the master, being up at tho taking of the stag lhere yy ere several falls but no one waa hurt. PIG1-0V SHOOriXG. THE MELBOURSL GUN CLUB Tyyent} members assembled at Llstcrnwiok park on Frl laj to compete for a troph} gil en bv the club to bewunouco Ihe Loiidttiona tiLro nino birds each, Li optional swcop Mr A C Wilson won ti o hrst prlru conilsting of tho troph} and ¿.14 by killing sei en birds out of nino. Tho second priro of £6 wa- lily ided beta con Me_.ni W ba)or L. Clorko W Pitt ande C SI arratt, who killed six eaob Subsequent sweeps yy ere divided betwceii MeSBrs SI arratt AC Wilson 0 Wilson Grant Gannon, and Glenister, sweeps provioua to tho tioph} being won by Messrs L Clarke W D Clarke and .tcpllLlison Ihcbiidswcro without doubt tho _t.on.tc-t nu 1 best eyer tlappcd in MLlbouriio and being fayouriai b} a good breeze, yy-ilthl e roe! ota nuil a yerv largo number ot them foil dell 1 out of hounds w hieb to soino extent au counts for tho ter} small scores Altor tho shooting Mr Joseph Clarke who had I con present on botli dots imitcd tbo inombera present iutotho luncheon tent and cxpicssed the picoa iro ho had experienced in witnessing tho sport Ho signified Inn self as iileosultol yy o met soy eral ot tho uienibors whom ho lia 1 hitherto oult knot u 1 v Boeing their names in tim j apcri and said ho known number of tho membcra to hciiotonl} goodshotsbutgoo 1 all round sport-men I He lc-rotttd llic club ttoio at pr_soiife without a ground of their oyyii Uttcd with suitablo apptlanco. for carr} m? ou the sport and generously ollero 1, if a suitablo plot could bu foul d to purcliose it and gil o tho club tho use ot it. Mr \ R Inglis on behalt of tin club thanked Mr Clarko for his very kind and liberal offer which ha did not doubt the club would bo very pleased to accopt air F Gannon on botialf of theS)dne) monl-crs of tho club ul_oaekuoytl_d|,td Mr Clarkes kindness Tho folloyvln_. aro the scores for the troph} CIDB T-IO-HT, W ith £1 optional swcop Mne birds Mr A Q Wilson is jds " 1,1,1,110,0,1,1 7 Mr W Sa} or, 31i}ds . 1,0,1,10,1011 (1 Ml L Clarlo -li }ds . .. 1010011,11 b Mr W litt, -0)_s _ " 101,1,0,1,1,10 0 Mr G 0 Skarratt, 22 yds " 11,1,0 0,1,1,01 til Mr W D Ciarte 31}ds . _. 1,1,01,0,1,1,0 0 li Mr It O Broyynloyv, >7 yds .. 1,0,1,1,01010 G1 Mr F HW .un,27)ds " 1,0,1,1011,0,0 G Mr J Stephenson, 20} ds " 1 0,0,0,0 tt Ml A It Inglis JO}ds . .. 00,1,1,0,1,0It .Mr Grant, SU}ds " . 0,1,1 00 0 It Mr S II Terr} 20 ids . __ 011,0,0,1,1 0 B Mr C Wilson, 24 }ds . _ 1,0,1 0,0,1,0 R Mr W Dalrymple, 20 }ds - 0 1,0 0,10B I Mi W J Henderson, 20}ds _ 11,0,00,0OR Mr P Glenister, 20}ds .. 1,1,0 01,01,0 F. Mi 1 Gannon, 31.}ds . . 10,0,10,1,1,011 .Mr Blass Caso, 27yds . .00 011 .VIr Blades _0)ds . 000.OR Mr Vi liew, -li) d8 1,0,0,1,1,0,0 R .Assumod names UUR_IX-HA-TGnOUND3 A troph}, value 10 guineas, w ill bo glvon to bo shot for on iucsda} next with a sweepstakes of 1 soy added Ouon to all comers sneopstukes will follow The trophy is on view at Rosler's, Elizabeth-street. The first bird will be trapped at noon. Post entries FOOTBALL. TRINITY V. ORMOND. The fifth annual contest between the abovemen- tioned colleges took place on Thursday afternoon on the University Cricket-ground. As the weather was all that coutd be desired, a large number of spec- tators assembled to see the match, which gave every promise of being on exciting one. Power captained Trinity, and Hopo Ormond and tho former hay ino; won tho toss elected toi iok from tasttovtcst _ho pint during the Hist halt tus y er} fast and lim Triiii-v bael s had their work cut out for them for some little time Angyt in, w ho ty as play imr half bael ithctcd Ills ;.oal lrom Imminent danger sotcral times mid ho waa well auppoitctl bv Clarke, Sprogue, and M Lcod Ormond had sei erul chances for to i!, and oueo the batt just touched tbo posts, but attor that narrow sliato tho irlmt} men I lallied up and foiccd tho ball up hill, where Lawry, Low, and Daua had tries for goal but wero in catii caso unsuccessful When half timo tyas called tho c.amo atood-Ormond 0 betiinds, liinltv Ghehlnds Upon tho bill being a"ahi put into play tho Trinity men showed up tu good adv in tage, aud they kept the ball well doivn near their oppouont a goalposts Ono or two shots lleyy n bit wide, and it ivas not until N S Con tot hold of tho hall that the Ilrst goal for Trinity «as scored After the kick olt some good centre pla} took plaoc. Thom son bcln_; capcclali) conspicuous but nolyyithstandiiu, all the efforts of tho Trinity team J Bell cot a mail in fiont of gial, and succeeded In equalising matters After this somo rough pla} took plaoc, but Trinity had ono moro goal put to their credit through tho agenc} of I. S Corr, who managed to grub tho ball tlltoujl the yoal fioiu uscliiiiliiai,u lrom that time outTiinlty had tho best of tho imnc, hue wcro not alilo to scoro any moto goals and tho gamo ended In a w In for Trinity college b} 2 goals 11 behind, to 1 goal t) behlnds Mr Gerald Cussen was umpire and yyaaalyyays uollou tho ball Iho play ore especially dc-ori nig commendation yvore-Poyvcr, Corr ihom son, Curl, M 1 cod Datlcs and Paul for the Tihut} and for Ormond; the brothers Bell, Hope, Davies Ostermeyer, and Cameron. The following are the matches arranged for this afternoon:— Carlton v. Geelong, at the East Melbourne Cricket- ground -Carlton team-Bal oi. Breen, Grapp Cook, Cameron (two) Diew, lohii-ton, itnowlc» Lc}din, Mair, Míname}, O Bein Rickards, A ltobeitson Stiicitlaiid 1 Sjiear, Whelan Wilson anti Woods 1 merkendes, Joyce and Uliucr Goal umpire, W HeiiiJworth Carlton tickets udmit to giouud and stand Melbourne v Essendon, at tho Melbourne Cricl ot> grouud-Iho following tiam will represent Mci bourne-Altl cn, Bailey, Baird, Cnriol! A Coulson, C Coulson, Doran, I dwards X rani s Grittltb John fton, Kelly L}nai, M Crindlc, Morrison liant, Res, Strachan Spoouei and Willis ouiergcncics Chi is Han aud Collie hssendon will bo io] resented from -Altl cn, Hutt, Clear), Drape Dick Dunn, I leming, I rand-, Marun, Moore .leader Violine M Shane, .nicholson Powell like Pearson ltout (two), Soblio Stoford Smith tindale ltt_roy t South Melbourne on tho South Mel bourne Crie) et ground -Tile following will represent lit-ro} -Begs, Caron Coleman, Carroll, Cooper, Llliott Iwlnit nt'patilek Hain, Lindbo}, VI Sliano (captain) Muir, Maher, Mcllhu -.athen O Lear}, ltappiport, ltoyye Shearn ood, Vlorrall i,oal uinpiic, C _mlth South Molbourno will be io| relented by Lrooks, Burns, Dceis, Dothcity, Dlekc on Kims Graves Hill lIauuo)sco Minchin, M Donald, MShnue VI ltuicht, M Itcnzlc, lair} Pn¡,o, Heul, Wood Wallace, \oung emergene}, Dal} Willlam.toiyn (I irst lu.nI.) t Ballaiat at tile Goldens rceryo, IWUiain-tow n at half past 2 p m - Tho folloyin. yy ill i epic«.nt Williamstown -clark 1 ¡tzpa rick I ibbs, Heath VI li loues, W lone» J unes henné lj I lining Mac! roll M Donald, 1 lote», lllyett b.t!voni.or hlnclair, Smith Ja}loi, lubo. VVoncn, and Woiroll Lmor^cncles-G Hall, Godwin W ii l.mstoyy n ('cconil Tyy cnt) ) t ntzro) Imperial at I ichmond paddocl -Williamstown will bo lenro eeiiled by tho following, who will meet at tho Spencer stro t station at quarter past 2 p m - Ale\ auder, Broun, Camelon Doran Downey, Iicdorlcl s, 1 nullity, HiiLhcs Hillman Hall, 1 Laming L laming Orr lay ne 1 ollcy. Leed Thomas Talbot WcatherhciJ, anti J Ward Lmcrgcncic.-O Brien nutt '.lins Iho following mat ches will also he pla} ed to-da} - ?-outli .aira y Hawksburn, at St Kilda, st Kilda 10} al t Union on the ground of the former, Pari hill i Fo.e of Caillou, at Bo tanlcal Reseña , Middle park t Li ely n, at Albert park ltainboyv y 1 a6tcru Marl Hi on the ground of tbo foimcr nt ItO}alpaik, atorth park v .-outil Melbourne Ju dora, at Albert pari St Kilda t Brl-hton, at St. hilda, Itorthcotc Second t Portarlington, at 1 ortarllngton, incmbcis and friends to proceed from ttio Queen a W hurí at a iitarter to 10 a m pet s s Ldina Iho match Moonee 1 onda t Keilor has been pust poned, owing to the death of a member of tho laltcr team BRlTISn ASSOCIATION FOOTBAIL Tho New South VV ales team pla) this attcinoon, on the Richmond crickot- ground, against a selected team of V ictorian (bugUsh) pia} ora As the latter olcieuls not of course so strong ns tho tlcl.rlan team willoh won tho intercolonial match on lhttra da} a good and oyen tamo may icasotiably ho cv ptcted Iho gamo will coi imciico nt a quarter past J p m Tho folloivlm, are the teams -Selected (_ng llsh) Team (to) al bluo)-Liddiard (goal) Nicholson and Wellington (backs). Gibbs (captain) and Amson (half books) Almond and Gii- gor) (ri_hc wing) Rob bins and Austin (contres), Wuto and II Bceson (l.it wing) IteyV-ou.h Males (bluo and white)-Walker (goal), Coomhosand M Queen (backs) Grote and Sea brook (holt backs) Grllllths and Stovcns (right yvln"), Koir and Colo (centres), Irlnscp (eapiain), and 1)1 cr (left wing), referee Mr lilsll or 1\. -CUOSSl University \ South Melbourne (Scronil) at Middlepark-lim M-Owlng will bo tho Onlvcrfllty team -Tones, Ian« lui ids I uko, M auk, Merrinee«, Michie, Mooio, Murra}, Koa, scott, Teri>, \ance, and Wingrove I ast Melbourne v Bohemian«., at Rojnl par! -last Melbourne« loam-J.nllliucho Deere, B_ri.ll, Uurhur.v, Ccd-rwe-U, Coote Llhott I lower, Ham, Johnston, Mark- Moo H, and \» axman Molbournu *. Iltztoi, on tho Titzioj cricket ground Melbournoltlur- v «otith \arra on tho ground of llio form or at Middle p ir Htzrov v Melbourne Hods at I Itzioj -The follow lug- will compone tho lit¿ro} team - Bailie, But>, CoopLr, riockhart healo, Hushed 1, BOBO (2) bhaw, ¡scott, í-.riol latid Tri bo, and Irlofcott Sou*h "Valra \ Mtlbounid Blttos, nfc Albert ]wîr South luna team-Bradshaw Cornwall, Cuddv. >ur neauv, Crej, Hnnl inaoii, Hendv, Lelr, ii Call, Mollison, Watson ttil&on; and^Woads botith Mtílbonrno (tiret) % Collingwood, at Middle p.rl, at Jp m uharp-South Melbuurno n.U lu represented hy M."uu, Ullsborrow, Code E.ans Gordoii (four) Ikndctsjri (two) Houae, Knight, und Lowe whM-t tho following aro chosen (or tho Col lindwood - Hatehclc. «.three) Colo (two) Cat ta c h, Coomb» farr, iiutchlbon (i nï Iousrh, Mooro, and \\. Miami. IAWN TI-NMS Melbcurnov St Kilda, at St Kilda at ° o clock todoj - VelbournoTeam-Messrs Htj»hcttandEta»9 V> Ba>lch am' Dow liner II C O Handicap Tournament - Entries will bo received upttolhursdaj ne_.t by members ol coin mitUt BICYCLING Tho following runs aro at ranged for tortas -Carl ton li C , to Mr L A. Smiths (.ardon, Baldwin Mol bourne dub, to Keilor, JSorm-mbi club, to Camber «til Tho \ letona club will muster at tho Trade« hall at Jl» «i _ HANDB ?_._._. " Tho follow Jng players will competo for tho Bcoond troph} at tho Carlton court this o\cuing -Irish, ODouncll, Kennedy, Brothers Brown luff, Brotherd 1'urcoU Lemon, Drew, Klckhara, Currie, bwlubal! A tow challenge matches will also bo played between I an eil Tord, Shiel., Brothers K>an, and Cunteiburj Play n 111 commenoo »t 2 o clock -¡harp. BOWLING. The West Melbourne and North Fitzroy clubs play a irl.ndl) match thl- afternoon on the winter greuu of the former club. Play to commence at a quarter to 3 p in. The Carlton Bowling Club will hold their annual dinner oa lueadev, at tho Old Lincoln lim YACHTING. Trident Amateur lacht Club -A race between tho Na\ iff-tor and Wanda (tho outcome of a challenRo g1, en by the junior members fcrminff tho crow of tho llrst named boat) tool phco on Saturday last, tho result being that tho Wanda s crow gave tho ebal lenders a throe minute.» beating In two round, of thocour-e A singlo handed race between the owners of thoOffnctand Kelp.o will take place this at tor noon at J o clock. WRESTUXG. To da) Messr* Miller and Umtue mako the second deposit of £20 a faidu in their Urs. m-itch .11 tho Orieco Bomun, Scotch and mi\cd stiles for i 100, to bo brought otf at tho Bijou Thcatro on tho afternoon ol 1st Autrust Both men are rapIdK petting into good form, and an c\citin_r contest is anticipated FOX TEUUII.US. Tin. Prahran club hold tholr fortnlghth mcetluK at Cullens to d13 There will bo a Maiden, au Open (catch mid hold), and an Open (points) 