SLOYnA ORANG INSTITUTION. 12TH JULY CELEBRATION. THE customary meeting of the Orangemen of Goulburn and district to celebrate the i2th of July was held on Tuesday night last in the Oddfellows' Hall. The celebration took the form of a concert, interspersed by addresses, and attracted a large company. The dress circle particularly presented a brilliant appearance, being closely packed, and.variegated with all the tints of the rainbow. There was some delay in com mencing the meeting. Alderman R. T. Ball occupied the chair, and on the platform, in addition to those whose names were down on the programme as speakers, there was an effective choir, composed of local talent. A grand piano at the foot of the stage supplied the instrumental accompaniments, Mr. Har mer, organist at St. Saviour's Cathedral, ren dering most effective aid to the success of the musical portion of the programme. The ar rangments for the press were miserably neglected, and it was only at the cost of much inconvenience and assiduity that the reporters were able to discharge their duties. Two out of the five present had to make shift as best they could by using their knees as a table. In the case of future meetings this defect should be remedied. THE PROGRAMME. The.Chairman said he felt proud at being called to occupy the chair at that meeting. It was 'the largest meeting he had had the honour of presiding over. At the sametime he inist confess that the beginning, since it, devolved' upon him, shadowed forth,a bad futture' lor the meeting., .He would not venture to delay..them long, seeingitheyhad arouid theri ,'such practised and eloquent speakeris' but he knew it was customary for the chairmati to make'a few remarks.. He was proud to be ass6ciated with the great institution of Orangeism, and proud for the following reasons -- because its principles were grand and ennobling, and shadowed forth four great qualities which should distinguish every genuineOrangeman. Firstly, Orangeism was imbued with 'the religious; secondly, Orangeism was highly conducive to good morals; thirdly, it was loyalty, not a blind loyalty, not the enforced loyalty of the slave, but a freeloyalty-not one born of superstition, but of intelligence; fourthly, it was a system which made men neighbourly. Orangeism was not and never had been antagonistic to Romanists. They* misrepresented it who said it. was. Many critics held up the faults of individual Orangemen, and called that a fair iepresentation of the system.. If they followed this method out in every depart ment of life even Christianity". could be shown to be lItckiig'in the lives .of its,''aulty proftessors. He wotild not longer take up their time.' He had sketched 'the oiitines of an address, which ''they might'each' fill in. (Applatis.) The C ahir~an's address was follwd by a "War'M~gtch;" rendered by the full chorus which consisted of, 9 feniale arid ,i9 male voices. 'The'composition, which is' 'ie of Kucken's, ?was' beautifull)y ex'ut'ed', the voices blending musically, and thei pitanissimo passages, Ibeig rendered ta~n a manner, wihich won' for the perfomd~ers th iieartiist .pludits of the company. Mr. A 'Edwards,'a Sydney, vocalist;, wiith a voice of great 0power electrified his hear~ers by the fire aind ,erve, with whichlhedeli;ered "TheiMen W ho Have Lived Lohg Ago.' 'Ii response.to, a decided encore, he repeated' the last verse. At this stage of the proceedings the chair. mar? read a telegram :from Mr. Mlaclkeiizie, Grand Treasurer, prefacing it by. stating that a baniiquet was lieinrig tendered in Sydney that evening to Dr. Phillipsi, Deputy Grand Master, in America., The message -was" as followsi-" Accept my fraite'rrial gieetinga. Are donid hnort ,t Di::Phillips, iDe?ptyt Grand :Master'of'America,I the representative of 35'bo'o0 Oranigenienm &Thefollowi;'ngibply, which had been sent, was also tdeahd.--' "Goulburn=meeting great success. Madg wick, Jessep, and others. Send congratula tions to Dr. Phillips, and wvish him success and iGbd speed., 'Rev: Brother B.' Kendy, of Bowral,;':said he had just been ithinking'wiile sitting on the platform'niwhata wonderful change had come over'Goulburnso far as Orangeism wascon cerned. He remembered abotit fifteen y;ears ago ?,ihen the 'little sprig was planted. A certain dignitary of the Romish Church in this city saidithait Argyle was not the soil to produceiOrangemen. Now, it appeared, let who might be infallible, that: marn was :not. His:: predictions, like a great: many othei' things; had proved false. He'made: use of two"ipapers then existing' in 'Goulburri, or three, to fulminate his ideas of Oraingeism. Of course it :was the same old story told by our. grandmothers long ' long ago-that Orangemen were sworn to wade knee-deep in' Roinish:blood. Why, only a simpleton would believe that. There were too many good men 'and true connected with the noble institution to take such an obligation. They had heard 'ihtelligently defined the principles of Orangeism, the 'qualifications of an Orangeman, and he was sure there were thousands of religious men in this country, Christian men, connected with the Orange order who would never take such an obliga tion as that. About fourteen years ago a gentleman whohad been formerly Master of No. 2 Orange Lodge in Sydney called at his (the speaker's) little house in Bradley-street. He said "I think we can muster men sufficient throughout the district to form an Grange lodge." One lived at Bangalore, another some seven miles out on the way to Crookwell. (Laughter.) Finally they succeeded in collecting eight who had been Oraneemen in days gone by, and a lodgewas formed in Goulburn. They found it hard work to get a room to hold the Orange meetings in. There were some poor creatures who ought to have known better 'living in Goulburn-some sold tape and calico and muslin. (Laughter.) They were afraid that Orangemen would destroy their trade. They tried to play with both hands; but the poor creatures were miserably deceived. Orangeism grew widely. Men who were ignorant of its principles stood aloof; but the Orangemen went on in their own way rejoicing, feeling that the God of Heaven was on their side and that the great principles .which they had established were divine. He did not think that any Orange man in Goulburn had yet been found to injure a Roman Catholic neigbbour. (Applause.) He did not think that stith a feel ing existed in the heart of any Orsngeman, to seek to injure a fellow creature, Every true Orangeman wais animated by this feel ing-that if i Roman Cathtiolic is hungry, feed him; if lie is naked, clothe him. He would do his utmost to give his fellow Roman Catholic brethren to know that he was inspired by higher and nobler feelings. He felt that he was a responsible being, accountable to the God of Heaven for every act of his life; and Orangemen had existed so long in this city as to throw the lie back in the teeth of those who did their utmost to destroy its influence and growth here. He was sure most of them had felt the influence not only of music but of history while listening to the song so. beautifully rendered. Their minds had been led back to days gone by. He had trod the scene himself where King William of glorious, pious, and immortal memory defeated him who was the enemy of freedom, the enemy of civil and religious liberty. He had looked at the scene, and as he gazed upon the arena where the enemies of truth and the enemies of liberty were com pelled to flee, he had thought that in the celebration of that great event from year to year the breast of every true man should beat with gratitude to the God of love (applause), and thank God for the great liberties that were won-not by poorly, sickly, sentimental things, but by men who had some back-bone in them--the pick and choice of England, the bravest soldiers, of the continent of Europe, men who had been driven from their homes in France for espousing Protestantism, and the noble and the loyal of the English county in Ireland—Ulster, itself--men who were determined at the risk of their lives to win for posterity the freedom which they believed God was ready to.give to the human race.. He was struck some time ago while readinrg the history of the Battle of the Boyne, with regard to the anxiety of Queen Mary about her father. Lord Macauley says that she need not have been anxious. Poor o!d James, who was an Episcopalian in England, a Presbyterian in Scotland, and a Papist in Ireland, wasnlot the man to stand, as William did, .at the head of his army. Williarm cotild. fight himself, and was not like the poor old turn- coat, who was th'e' first to take to the road wihen victbory was in the balance.' He felt glad itl his soul and grate ful to God for the success of Orangeism in Goulburni (applause), because lhe had.beeh so intimately connected with its. establishment here. He felt glad that so many intelligent, irespectable, well to-do gentlemen in this city had identified themselves with the noble oider, and he believed so long as they,pro ceeded "on: the course , upon which they, had enteired they would give their enemies, and enemies they had--~tid lie re'ni~mie'red that he wasone of them .once,, and,'that he would' then have 'ru inito a rat holeI or a mouse hioledif 'e could have got into ~it, at the sound of the Orange drum anid the ttine of '"Crop'iesL ie Down c. --cause to respect them. (Applause.) . ;irs. lIries followed with theso$i, ".The Son'g' for Me," biy Wats',l; d infused niuch p'ithos iito h&r; execuijon, especialy.. when thoe'rigiial melody merges into: the 5aauti fully?siriple;:, aind si?injly beaiutiful " Hibme, Sweet Home." In resposn?e ?o avell deserved. encore, the sweet voiced singer gave the " Scoitishl Biiuebells"' , Trusty as Steel," one idf Pinsuti's 'comipositiions, fell to tli lot of Mr. fE. W: Foxiall ,The character of the soig was' suited tb thi;voice, and the:render ing gav: thelarige audierice such pleistire that theiy wiuld nbot be satisfied withot?t a.reap. pearance, whiicli aftei'Srsme dela, wias' 'coin plied with. . : ::, :.: . . . . : .., -.TheRev. Dr. Ellis said there was an old saying which ran:something after 'this:fashion \---.Coqfession is good: for the soul.":' Now, he .;came ;before tliem.thatievenin'g as a penltent in a' certain sense! to coiffess; not to a.. priest', ibut::to .i -" body : of ,Orangemen. (Applause. '. He .was afraid: thate his.' sur soundings as a boy and as a'young:man' were somewhat unaccountable for his feelings till a-recent:lferiod wvith:regard:to their: institu tion. He confessed 'to ?hem hIe.had been deeply ";deeived.;'' HIe had ti'o~gh't they were anset of' regtilar ivagab6'nds. ' (Laughter.) There had been tw' eleiments of prejudice in his :mind.:" He had beeri taught as ahboy to think' that:irin Irelaiid there was an institution called' the Brtnliswick Club;, the aim of 'which Was to ?place"6fi' the thrione: of England the Duke': of Cumbierland, one of the faniily of tdiat 'vry ma~n to whom mnention was : made that day iti the' Goulbiurin Herald ';as having been 'defeatted in his aim?'of having a certain. Duchy-Lof Germ~iny::becatise he waiinted as well' to6 be 'niad King of Hanover, andithe~ Emiperor :'f Geiimany refused his request. Now,; he used to say td hiinself, "'The- 13uke of :Cumb'etland-is he the man to? tal?k the place of our' loved 'sbvereign?' No.:" 'I:willt fight against the Duke 'bf Curniberlasid 'iiid against the Oiangemen who 'tike 'him up." The other element was ihat;:he 'had bee5 taught to look upon them, especiallyj by one of his tutors, as a politicil c'abal, .that all their lodges 'met in seret':t totiiik ;ifNo' i and forget No.-: i, 'iti;'~:ever N."' inight be. He said -toh liifiself ·'tat' ?'s a' violation of 'the: teacihing '~of:'natu'al religion as: -well;:' as'& revealed;, for it was a maximof philosphy that ithe mi who forgetsNo. a in his anxiety for Nb. r Is' not a man at all. (Applause:)' But'he would add' to that that our ma'nhood, our womanhood, could never be developed to its maximum' proportion and nobility and beauty unless the care of No. I expanded and developed into the care of all humanity. The action of No. I he put Side by side with the priests and Rabbi: in the parable, when the poor fellow sat w'ounded there in the ditch "What I have to do with thee; am I my brother's keeper ?" It was a violation of one of the parables.of our Lord, of His words, of His life,, an'd of-the maxinis and teachings of His blessed 'apbstles.' 'But the' other day, thanks to his friend Mr. Foxall, he :?eceived a little book called the rules 'of the :Io6yal' Orange Institution ini:this dountr;y, and as a student' lie was raither" fond of bokis ?"itd he began' to read .it. And what did 'he 'see ? First he saw belief in God tihe 'Father, the Son,' the Holy Ghost; then prayer, com munion with the great God; then 'charity; even to the man who differed from them in opinion. He said to himself, "Dr. Ellis, you have been in the dark (applause); Dr. Ellis you have wronged good men and true in your thoughts, if not in your words;" and "t believed that any honest' man, possessed of a' reasonable amount of experience and knowledge, if he did- not confess when hlie Lhad really commited' a w'ong was, as he had said at the' beginning, not worthy the glorious name of man at all. (Applause.) Well, he confessed that he had wronged them in thought, and, he was afraid, sometimes on the sly in words too. (Laughter.) But he was not going to do it any more. (Applause.) He was very much struck about one of the remarks made just now about their charity towards Roman Catholics. They would not expect this from him-but there was a limit even to their charity. They might pity and pardon the individual; but if a system be wrong radically and at bottom they must denounce it and fight against it to the very death. Now, they called themselves Protestants, members of the English Church, and of the Wesleyan body, and so on. What was the differtentia of their lodges--differentia was the word used in logic to distinguish the special points of difference in men or plants? They were on the qui vive against the progress of Ultra Montanism-not the Catholicism of the universal religion of Christ, not the teaching of the primitive church, but the modern accretions of modern Popery. Why did they as Protestants fight against that ? Because, although in theory the Roman Catholic religion might be free from the charge of idolatry, practically Roman Catholics were idolaters, and it was not Christianlike to allow men to go to hell without telling them the truth-they should make a moral" of the devil himself. . They knew. that theoretically the Roman Catholics told them they did not worship any God but theirs; they gave to God worship, they gave to. Mary and the saints and the angels reverence. It was a custom in England and in the univer sities after men had taken their degrees, for them to go abroad to see the world, some times to sow very bad wild oats too. (Laughter.) And sometimes with open eye and open ear they came back more fitted to fight the battleof life. Now, he was one of those who did that. He travelled a great deal in France,p in the northern narts of Italy. and 'in Germany. They knew it was not Popery to have more than one table of communion in a church, because the Copts had in every church three altars, but then at those altars God alone was worshipped; but. in the Roman Catholic chqrches there was an altar to Mary and one to St. Joseph, and prayers were offered to them. That was the difference, and he had noticed in travelling that the altar to Mary was crowded around with worshippers when the altar to Christ had no one attending it. He called that practical idolatry, and there fore a's a system he would do away with Romnan Catholicism. Purge Ultra Mon tanism of its idea of the Pope being a king a''ivell as a bishop, and with the abolition of the idea df territorial sovereignty he would be a bishop, and possibly as good a man as the good Bishop of Goulburn was. Then the Orangemen knew, exactly what to do-be kirid' to thliindividual, but to the wrong sys temiput ,the axe., to the root of 'the tree' and hurl it 'out of -existence, anrid say "'For, God' aind my. conii'tryiiiei:' (Applause. " S:Aiter the applaiuse which foilowed the.close of the Rev. Dr. Ellis's address, Miss Percival gave "The Sculler's Wooing." Miss Percival deserves 'the .'highes pritise.: for her c'dleai enunciation, every syllable .of' every word ringingsharp and distinct. The'majority of amateur singers seem to possess an idea that the melody is paramount, and the words a 'matter of small import, the consequence being :an indistinct tiresome hum, as if'the consonants were running up and:down 'the gamut inr search of 'the lost vowels. 'Miss Percival: repeated ' the last' ' vefse? ' in' 'response to -a Lfe-demand . Brother 'W. S. Foxall's humourous, recitation, "A, Cure 'for .Loire," engendered : mu'ch'? laughter and manifested no slight 'histridnhi' talefit in?the' composition of: the reciterili;ihe 'Rev.: Dr. Ellis, whose song, " The le-at'h of5'Nelson,"~ was': set down for 'the s'e?o?ilrpart ' of 'hei programme, 'desiring "tb :bidt farewell to0 Mr.'. Sala, followed Mr. Foxall :with Braham's celebrated composition. It is need less to say that the rev. doctor gave satisfac tiofi and won a vociferous meed of applause. He excused himself, however, from repeatinmg his performance on the ground of being very anxious to see Mr. Sala previous to his de narture by that nieht'strain. Part the.second was commenced by the chorus of " Blow, 'Blow, Thou Winter Wind" bh' the company, followed by our friend and townsman, Mr. Whitehead, with " Old Eng land and the Sea," which was given with all that vigour and heartiness which characterise his renderings. He was assisted in the chorus by Miss Parsons and Messrs. H. Lake anid E. Quartly. SiThie chairman stated that the Rev. George Martin, whose name appeared on the pro gramme fori an address, had been called away ito Sydney, and he had to apologize for his absence. SRev. Bro. C. D. Madgwick, of Balmain, said there were so many points of interest in coniection with the meeting that he scarcely knew with which one to commence. In the first place, they had such an excellent band of musicians that one felt that a prosaic vodice was scarcely likely to contribute much to the sweetness of.the meeting, although it might perhaps contribiute something to the instruction of.it. He could not help making a comparison' between the present meeting and a similar one held in the great Exhibi tion building in.Prince Alfred Park on the previous, night. It was a very large meeting indeed-he believed the largest Orange gathering that had taken place in connection with thecelebration 'of the 12th July. But there was always one point of disadvantage in connection with that meeting. The building was so large and the roof was so badly con structed that both speakers and singers felt a difficulty in uttering themselves, and the crowd moving around the building was, hlthbough a very interesting sight, rather dis tressing to those who had to use their voices. Now, one remarkable feature in connection with:the present meeting as compared with :the other was that they were all so exce'cd ingly attentive. Why, one could almost hear a pin drop, and in the other assembly.it was with the utmost difficulty that those who sat upon the platform could hear, let alone those who were seated in the body. of the hall, the speakers and singers' performances. He desired to offer his congratulations to the Goulburn Lodge upon the success of the present anniversary and upon the highly satisfactory character of the programme, not merely from the speaking point of view, but from the beautiful rendering of popular and patriotic songs to which they..had all been privileged to listen. They had nothing better in Sydney on the previous night thar they were having that night. (Applause.; There was also another feature which caused him to feel a considerable amount of satis faction. He had listened with very great pleasure and interest to the speech delivered by the Rev. Dr. Ellis. He need not say that the speech was interesting in itself, because the attention which they gave it and the applause which followed some of the state ments of the rev. doctor which were received with so much appreciation on their part. The doctor very candidly said that he came forward tomake a confessionto theLoyal Orange Insti tuion of having misjudged it, although he had never by word of mouth misrepresented it. Now, if confession was good for the soul, he supposed absolution was equally.good; and in the double capacity which he held as a clergyman of the Church of England and a Past Grand Chaplain of the Orange Institu tion, he dared say his brethren of the order would delegate to him the function of con ferring plenary absolution upon the rev. doctor from that night forth. The only surprising thing about the question was that more learned and sensible men like the rev. doctor did not see the goodness of the institution and rally round it and give it their powerful support. He felt it a matter for surprise that more clergymen of all de nominations did not join thelinstitution. He thoiught it would not be out of place or beneath their dignity if some of the Bishops themselves joined the order, and he was quite persuaded of this-that it would be a good thing for the Protestant Church if some of the Bishops did join the institution, and the whole of the ranks of the clergy followed their example. He desired to say a few words that night as to the purpose for which they were met together. They were met to gether for the purpose of commemorating the Battle of the Boyne. Now, the Battle of the Boyne was in some respects a very simple item in the history of the times in which it occurred. It was not as prodigious a battle as some which we fought in ancient days, nor so prodigious as that which .was fought at Waterloo. But it was a prodigious battle in a peculiar sense-it was one of those decisive battles of the world to which all men who love right and justice look back with great satisfaction. The passage of King William across the Boyne as he came into conflict with the army of King James was, a very memorable event, and from that date they looked back upon the liberties of the English people, indeed all English speaking nation's, as having been achieved. The fact was that King James desired to restore England to the Papacy. He was himself a Papist at heart. The Rev. Mr. Kenny had said that in Scotland he was a Presbyterian,' in England an Episcopalian, and in.Ireland a Roman Catholic; and the thought' struck him: that Mr. Kenny might have' !dded~that' Ta-nes. was in heart a IRomain Catholic. It itas his desire to restore England to?the':authoiity:df the Pope; and Kinig William:III;' :Prince of Orange, was their deliereir becauise 'he was the instrument through, whom the. British nation drove back the aggressions of the Church of Rome and 'destroyed the influence which King James would haYe:exerted in restoring the British dominions to ihe authority of the Pope. They neededl to commemorate that event an event in which all classes of the com munity were equally interested, an event in which the whole of the Protestant Church as well as the Orange Institution was deeply intierested. There were many other points of gieat importanice which they desired on oc casions such as the present to commemorate. i'~hey felt that the Orange Institution was not suipported1!simply fori: the purpose of com memboratiig the Battle,.of the Boyne...There were:lother subjects of very grave interest taken into the; consideration of 'those who became memb~is!'"ofthe ordier, and they desired to commemiorate on' these occasions very many other events' which were of very great import ance to the whole 'of the civilized world. They commemorated the freedom, the politi cal freedom, of mankind. When they spoke of that he was sure they would admit that they touched upon a subject of universal importance, for if at the time of the Refor mation' the nations sighed for any one thing it was forthe liberty of their rulers to govern according to constitutional principles based upon laws enacted by the representatives of those nations themselves. Well, now, did not the Reformation secure to the nations of Europe that political freedom which it had been their high privilege to enjoy ever since, and which it was their privilege in these dis rant parts of the world to participate in ? Did not the majority of the great nations of Europe cast off the authority of the Church of Rome at the time of the Reformation ? They would remember one conspicuous character in Ger many at the time of the Reformation in that country-a, character who would ever be remembered as long as 'tbe world lasts in connection with Martin Luther's career in the Reformation-he alluded""to Frederick of Saxony, Frederick the Wise as he was called, who was so manly that when the Pope of Rome sent to him the golden rose, the highest mark of favour that the Pope professes to bestow upon any person, he refused it. The golden rose had been tendered to the present Empress of Germany, and he hoped she would follow the example of the illustrious Frederick and send back the rose to the Pope. He thought it was Cromwell who told them to take away the mace from the House of Parlia ment. He said ' Take away the bauble," and he hoped the Empress of Germany. would be fired with the spirit of Frederick of Saxony and say "Take it back to him with my thanks, and tell him that I don't want it." (Applause.) Germany struck for freedom; so did England; and both of those nations obtained their freedom at the Reformation, and so did Switzerland and many other countries; and to this day all the English-speaking people were enjoying the great privileges connected with political liberty, with constitutional government, as the result of the work of the Reformation. It was.all very well to say that the Church of Rome had-changed. They knew what her motto was; they knew that she expressed the doctrine that her nature was unchangeable -that she was always the same. It was all very well to say she was more enlightened, that her people were becoming better educa ted, and that a spirit of tolerance was beginning to prevail more largely. The fact was she always hid been the grand political institution of the world; she had always been aiming at political supremacy. She had in many instances enjoyed it to her heart's conr tent, and in this very day, and in this very colony, yea, in this very town of Goulburn, if he was informed rightly, the Church of Rome was contending for political supremacy. If she had her way, not a single Orangeman would be allowed to occupy a position in the government service. If it were necessary, the Grand Secretary of the Institution could bring proof in documents that could not be denied as to their authenticity that in this very town of Goulburn, as well as all over New South Wales, there had been made a strenu ous attempt on the part of the Roman Catholics who were pulling the wires behind the scenes to prevent Orangemen from enjoying the privileges and the emoluments connected with the public service. (Cheers.) It was not necessary for him to go into par ticulars. Some of them wouldknow full well what he was alluding to. (Applause.). The Minr.istry whohad attemptedtoput the shackles upon the Orangemen, either to prevent them from meeting in lodges or from participating in the emoluments of the Civil Service, had been compelled in a rather humiliating way to retract the order which was issued for the purpose of putting a stop to Orangemen meeting in their lodges. (Applause.) Now, would anyone tell them that the Church of Rome was not a political institution, that her nature had changed, that the lion had been tamed, that she had ceased to be that institution which seeks to deny all rights of civil and religious liberty to those whb do not endorse the tenets ot her system. Then, if the Church of Rome was a great political organization, as she had always been, and as she proved herself to be to this very day, he contended that there was a great necessity for the Orange institution. that was an institution which was capable of keeping the Church of Rome at bay in this particular matter and retaining equal rights in the public service and in every other way for all classes of the com munity throughout this country. Another subject he desired to touch upon before he sat down. Htie desired to say that on oc casior.s like the present they should always take advantage to contend for the mainten ance of those principles which were charac teristic of the religious reformation which took place some three or four hundred years ago. They were told by a certain section of the community that it was a most absurd think to keep the feud of the Reformation alive, that it was a highly ridiculous, a highly uncharitable thing to remember the Reformation at all. They would tell them that it was a grave mistake, and that the sooner that they forgot that the Reformation ever was the better. lney otla them that it was a most desirable thing that they should all go back to the middle ages; that they should all be re- plunged,.as it were, into the darkness of the times before Luther and the other Reformers, when the Church of Rome held political supremacy over the nations and when she bound the consciences of the people by teachings that were so absurd that they could never bring their minds to bear them, and prosecuted her designs by means so corrupt that even the people of those days, corrupt as they had become by the teaching of the Church of Rome, yet had not so lost all sense of what was right, and just and were not'so totally ignorant of all that was accord ing to the teaching of holy scripture, that they could bear the burthen any longer-they re volted against the absurd teachings of the Church with regard to religion, and they worked out the great system of the Reforma tion. Orangemen argued that those who contended in this way were themselves mak ing a mistake of which they might repent when it was too late. ' Bat there were some who held those teachings who .were working very prejudicial effects upon the Christian church at large. He would just refer to one point in particular. He dared say that they knew that there were some persons in the re formed church who set up what they called an altar in the midst of the Church of Christ. Now, what were they taught by the reformed religion of the English Church-that there was no such thing in' the Church of Christ as an altar-that there was a holy table round which the members of Christ's mystical body might sit and partake of the bread and wine. But the English Church denied that there could be such a thing as an altar in a Chris tian chnrch, and the sooner they did away with the word the better, for these reasons. The idea of having an altar instead of a holy table gave rise to all sorts of sacerdotal notions. .The minister began to think himself a real priest, and it was a sort of creeping up to the doctrine of transubstan tiation into the reformed church under a disguise.' The minister imagined himself a priest, and the sacrament as the very body of the Son of God-that the bread and wine consecrated by his' hands were turned into the very body of the Redeemer. What did the prayer-book say-that that was a mon strous idea, an unreasonable idea, and that only those vho partook of the sacrament in faith were real participators in the efficacy of Christ's death.- That was one of the results of the doctrine that was being so industriously circulated that the Reformation should be forgotten.- It was a most acce'ptable thing to those gentlemen, or would- be, that the Reformation should be for6b'tten, for they could then indeed go back td that idolatrous, blasphemous doctrine:of thetiransubstantiation of the sacrament into the very body of our Lord Jesus, who was not here on earth, but ever lived before the throne of grace to make intercession for sinners. He desired, in conclusion, just to give one or two reasons why the Orange institution was capable of perpetuating, or assisting to perpetuate, the work of the Reformation, sustaining our political rights, and maintaining the purity of the Christian religion. The Orange institu tion was founded upon the Christian religion, which' took the Bible as its chart, and referred all its members to the Bible as the one rule of their practice. Then again the Orange institution taught that all its members should be members of the religion of Christ by requiring that they should be men worthy of that religion which they through their obligation professed to receive. One of the great wants of our country was moral men, men of decided piety, men so upright of life, so moral, that their influence was of such a character as to guide the affairs of this infant state in safety to those conclusions in which after generations would rejoice and for which they would respect their forefathers. As Orangemen they ,had a great deal to deplore in the fact that they had no men:of decidedly moral and religious life to take part in the political movements of the time, and to stand in the great political centres of life where our laws were passed, from which, as it were, the whole of the community gets its life's impulse. And he would remind them that it was their privilege to give a decided vote in favour of men of that class when the election next came round. He would advise them to look out for men who were true Protestants and of sterling moral and religious character. Look well to it that they were men of sound principles as regards religion, as regards politics-men who would not let the Church of Rome pull the wires behind the scenes and manipulate the affairs of this free Protestant country to serve the interests of their church-men who lived up to what they professed and taught; and if they did that they would confer one of the profoundest benefits on this community that it was possible for any body of men to confer. They were a religious organization as well as a political, and they were profes sing Christians, and it was in thleir power when they went to the ballot-box to send such men as he had spoken of into our House of Parlia ment and our Municipal Councils. That was the point which he wished the whole of the Institution to understand, and he hoped the brethren of the Goulburn lodge were quite prepared to do their duty in regard to the matter. On the previous night they had had a most pleasant statement made to them bya gentleman of very high office in the United States of America as far as the Orange Insti tution is concerned-he referred to Dr. Phillips, to whom a banquet was being ten dered that night as a token of his eminence in the institution in the United States. The body there numbered 35,000 men and had been in existence only a few .years. Dr. Phillips told them that when the news was sent across to the United States that itwas probable that England and Russia would go to war a veiy serious discussion took place in the House of Assembly with regard to the critical state of affairs in Europe, and the House of Assembly declared that if England went to war with Russia, or, as was more probable, Russia went to war with England, the United States of America would take . their stand side by side with Great Britain. (Applause.) He (the sneaker) thought he ought not to let that piece of information slip him, and he had intended to tell them, becauseit had caused a thrill of joy to go through his heart; and he hoped and prayed that if such a serious event should ever happen as England going to war with any great nation, the star spangled banner and the glorious old Union Tack that has braved the battle and the breeze for a thousand years would wave together, side by side, under the free, pure air of heaven. They earnestly prayed that in the great Providence of God it might be the case that the English and Americans would join hand to hand and go together shoulder to shoulder. He believed that this confederacy of English-speaking people of Anglo-Saxon race would, to use an Ameri canism, go forward and "lick creation." (Applause.) Mrs. Innes in "Killarney" once again showed how facile and sympathetic her voice is, and the.-spirit breathed in the quiet air, found fittingoutterance in the delicate modu lation imparted to its rendering by the singer. As an encore she gave the sprightlier "Summer Shower." ' Brother T. Jessep, Grand Secretary, said that he had heard two confessions that night -that of their esteemed friend, the Rev. Dr. ' Ellis, and that of their good friend ~ho said that the very name of Orangemen had lbeen almost enough to drive him into a ::n'otis8e hole. The:fact was adverted tfd by Dr.' Ellis: of his ignorance of the principles held 'by' Orangemen. He regretted to say that to-day many good Protestants were exactly in the same position, and he would say to the brethren of Argyle to act the same as the Worshipful Master of No. 83 had done, and place a copy of the rules and regulations in the hands of such men and let them discrimi nate for themselves. If they were sensible : men they would see the operation of the principles upon those who professed them, and he felt satisfied they would come to no other conclusion than that arrived at by the Rev. Dr. Ellis-that there was a necessity at the present day for Orangeism to exist. (Applause.) The impression made upon their rev. Brother Kenny had been soon set aside when he visited those historic scenes which are memorable to every true-hearted: Orangeman; and when he landed in:Aus-' tralia he planted a sprig of that good old: Orange tree, and now he saw before him its' growth. The babies were now in full man hood. (The speaker here alluded - in enthusiastic terms to the great 'reception accorded at the demonstration in Sydney on' , the previous night to Bro. Alexander, 'who: was 84 years of age and the oldest Orange-' man in Australia.) He wished to convey-: to them the congratulations of the"; thousands of brethren that assembled in': Sydney on Monday night. It was a gratid :: meeting, the grandest Australia had ever seen, and it would have gratified every Orangeman to have seen the enthusiastn that filled the breasts of the gathered thousands at the mere mention of Witlliam, Prince of : Orange. Fifty years in the history of Orangeism had lapsed in this country, and what did they see now? In New:Zealand ; there were over Ioo lodges, in South Aus.- : tralia about 50, in Victoria an active institu- i tion of nearly ioo, in Queensland nearly 6o,"' and in New South Wales 20zo6. (Applause;) : 'Their ramifications extended in all parts, :: even to Tasmania, which he had the pleasure of visiting some time ago. The noble! boys who went to Egypt had received a charter, and one night they went outside the camp at Handoub, read the declaration; and held a: meeting under :the ' Grand Lodge of the Orange "Institutioin in : the historic laid 'of Egypt. ' (Applause.),.: One ' remark :' that' h'ld' :fallen:t from:: the lips of Dr. 'Ellis '-iad 'struck 'him-:': that they should' be on thle qui vive'to :the'. advance of modern Ultra'Montarieism;, which : was practically modern Popery, riiodern idolatry. Let that be known throughout the colony, and let it be known that if there were any trimmers of Orangemen the sooner they were out of the order the better. It was sad to think that the existence of such an institution as Orangeism was necessitated by the aggressive foe they had to contend'with -that foe to civil and religious liberty those glorious privileges which their fore. "Lfathers oblained, and which, by the grace of :,God, they would hand down toitheir children, and teach them ever to hold the memories :sacred that they as their parents reverenced :to-day. Let it be known that the existence of the Society was necessary by the fact that lately, in 1884, such instances of oppression and tyranny as had been alluded to by Bro. Madgwick, the proof of which he held in his hand, had been attempted. The existence of ,those rules proved that an attempt had been imade to fasten again the shackles which had Sbeen thrown off years ago.: Their institution 'wason the qupivive, and he entreatea them 'all.to be awnke to .their resporisibilities in ithis:-tmatter, that tlheir: privileges ishould not bhe' taken: from: them and: every attempt tdefeated: to 'wrest from them that :which; 'belonged to them... They should show their ;Protestantism like men, and be not ashamed !to: advocatetheir position. They sought to: 'perpetuate their privileges, and see that every one shared them in common. They sought for; themselves what theysought for otheis. They .expected that their Roman Catholic brethren 'sh6uld share exactly alike with'tlem, but no more; and they would do their'best. to pie vent :them sharing any more. Talk: about tyranny. Letthe whole of the Orange insti tution be searched from its formation"'in the tiine of William until the present day, and they would find that not one single instince could be shown by facts incontrovertible'that a single Roman Catholic had Ibeen .injured by an Orangeman, or an endeavour made to wrest from him that which was not his o6wn, but which he enjoyed in common with all. A good time was coming for this country; notwithstanding that 'opponents sought to cast slander upon their glorious institution. Not long ago a high dignitary of the Romish Church sought to brand their schools, which were the glory and the pride of every Australian to-day, and the admiration of the world outside, as godless and the reed plots of immorality; and yet he did not ask that those of his church who were teachers should resign and decline the emoluments of the state-to come out of those godless seed plots. He was sure that had he acted con sistently he would have done so;: but he' would never close the schools while their iri stitution existed, and he asked the cordial co-operation of every Protestant:present, of every Roman Catholic present, to.defend. the PublicInstruction Act of this colony: in'its entirety. Watch all the inoves that were being made. Never mind what thePoniiff~ s representative said about the danger of rear ing their children in such an impure atmos phere. It was a slander upon those good and true men and women who viere occupying the responsible positions of teachers in the Public Schools of the colony. He said that those teachers would bear favorable com parison with the monks and brothers of.: the various fraternities having their representatives here. (Applause.) What did statistics tell them to-day'?-that there were many thousand Roman Catholics inr this colony who would not bow to the behests of the Pontiff or his representative. A'celebrated gentleman who had done great work in France some time ago said :-" Why senid your children to the schools of the Marist Brothers and others set up in opposi tion'? Send them to schools where they will be educated in all'the elements of true edu cation; so that they will grow up sideby side with their brethren .of all denominations, for getting their differences, and growing up: as true citizens in'every sense of the word." That, was whatithey wanted. , They desired: that theirfchildren should grow up inthe same kindly relationship that existed between them selves:'and..their Roman Catholic friends. In . the name of all that was :good and true hy. could not theirRoman Catholic' friends let their 'childrep go hand in hand together to? ,the state school, and' grow up' as menand women should grow up in.every state, learning to love one another, letting the association of childhood gradually cement until it developed into the l.uncst relation ship of true manhood and true womanhood. He wished to congratulate them upon the noble efforts they had made insecuring as their candidate in the Parliament of this country the man that as Australians they should ever feel proud of-Sir Henry Parkes. (Applause.) No. apologist was needed for such a great man. :His work would live and survive many whose names were living to- day, and engrafted with his name would be those of" the departed Greenwood and their iilustrious Macgibbon, the editor of the Standard, who, through the : length and breadth: of-, hisi country sounded 'the note of alarm in con nection with the question of education; and, the:premier statesman gathered together, the works of those great'.men and. carried them to their consummation in the Parliament of this country, and for ever his name would be handed down to .the admiration of the posterity of this great colony. (Applause.) He wished to impress upon them to seek to return in the following election good and true men. He was not there to say that they should seek to return men who were known as Orangemen, He wanted them to return men who were known to be true in their lives, men who were true at heart morally and displayed it in their lives and who thoroughly engrafted and carried into their lives' practice the true principles of manhood, whose names were names that they loved to think of. They wanted men such as that to represent them in the forthcoming Parliament, and he said this to-day-amon st the-Roman Catho lics :there yvere some sh men-good and true mend who would not allow their con-. scilnces to-be shackled; and he believed that amongst the nunibes stood out promi nently William Bede Dalley. (Applause.) He was not there to ask for support for such a man-his services would always commend him to good and true men; but he did ask them-" whatever you do, watch the career of your representatives; see how they have acted in the past; put them into the scale and letthe exact, balance be found; and if they. awe wanting'-write over their names. and blot them' out for ever as your representatives?" I-e did trust that warning would be sounded throughout this colony, that after the forthcoming election we would have the grandest Parliament we ever had, composed of men who realized the deep interests of the times and who would do their best to bring about that grand federa tion, the cementing together of the great Australian colonies, and in ranging hand to hand the world wide over all nations, peoples, and tongues, and, above /all, to gather together all the Anglo-Saxon-speaking races of the world. He trusted they would try to rise to a conception of-.the real responsibili ties of their manlhobd and womanhood and do what they could to make this great colony as it shoiuld be, " great, glorious, and free." Mr. E. W. Foxall succeeded Mr. Jessep with " My Life for Thee" (a song by Adams), and Mr. A. Edwards, by-his spirited render ing of the vigorous song," No Surrender," evidently struck chords which echoed in sympathic unison;, for the termination of his song was the sigrial for a unaninious recall, which would brook no refusal. pMr; M Foxall acknowledged the compliment by: a repetition of the last verse. ':iThe lull company followed by the loyal chorius;: Victoriai." ? ?a : ;The ;Rev. :G. :James,/with':commendable brevity, considering the lateness of 'the ,hour, moveda avote of thanks to the: ladies"anrd, gentlement: who had coink: from: Sydney, :to! the ladies :andd gentlemen residing in i Goul-' burn, who had sung.andd spoken,: and to the chairman: Mr. James spoke eulogistically'of the: efforts of all, .'.' :. The vote was carried by acclamation, and the: chairiniati: .suitably replied on behalf of himself and the others. ' .The singing of the National Anthem as a solo nd:.. chorus, .Mrs. Innes taking the former, brought the'meeting to a close about II.20, 