THE SWINDLED POOR. The New York Observer remarks—" That shameless iniquity by which the poor people who trusted three millions of dollars to the Roman Catholic Archbishop Purcell, still cries, like Abel's blood, for vengeance. It is worse than a ghost and will not down. Its latest appearance is in a letter to the late Baltimore Council, > a- bitter cry of distress that - would move any heart that bad the BmaUeBt sympathy with justice or the least consideration for the poor, swindled out of their 'money by an unscrupulous priesthood. Three-; times those suffering people have -appealed to the Pope, bat they might as well have appealed to the Mahdi. What does he cue or what can he do if he does care? We'will copy a passage from this appeal as an exposure of the wrong, an exhibition of the misery it has caused, and of the utter heartlessness of the church authorities,- which have at this moment in their- hands the property which was obtained by the money out of which these poor people were swindled. Nothing more disgraceful was perpetrated by the Church of Rome , in the Dark Ages, and the private members were not more help, less - at the feet of; ecclesiastical despotism In 'those days than these defrauded people are now. But listen to their groans and pleas for help : 'Our purposo in addressing you on the assembling of this National Council is simply to invoke your aid in having justice done to the many thousands of Archbishop Furcell's -creditors' and their suffering families. _ No tongue can tell or pen depict the calamities that have followed in the train of that dis aster. It is not alone the poverty; that covered the unhappy victims, the hope and belief that have been shattered by years of disappointment, and the mists of uncertainty that hang around the future that should alarm the shepherds of the flock of Christ, but .the, doubts of salvation that have arisen in tho mind of thinking Catholics, and the absolute denials of future bliss that hnve' pushed aside the faith of many dovotod followers of the Cross. Three times wo appealed to the head .of tlio Church for addroas, , and he has treated ; each -application with, silent contempt For more than five years we have awaited some notion. Even the' funds!' subscribed by the! . generous "Catholics of the United States, in 1879, in aid of Archbishop Purcell's creditors, were never disposed of .as the donors ex pected,- nor was any account ever rendered of the amount or disposition of those ^contribu tions. We make this last appeal for justice to the Catholic bishops of America, that shall ever be made to any ecclesiastical authority on behalf , of Archbishop Purcell's creditors. The appeal of tho creditors to the Holy, Father, who alone is gifted with the heavenly, prerogative of infallibility, has failed to council, cheer or give ns hope that our inter ests would be attended to here, or joy meet us in the world to come ; and if the council of bishops, cognizant of all the facts, follows in the footsteps of tho Holy Father, the case shall be withdrawn from the cloister to the open arena of public opinion. "Poor deluded souls 1 They think they are addressing men with1 human sympathies, and American sentimentB, with views of moral right that are founded on tho ethics of the Gospel and tho Ten Commandments. - They are wofully mistaken. All that Archbishop Purcell did is justified by the great rulers of the Church of Rome. This money was -ob tained from ' the faithful,' who entrusted' it to their spiritual guides, who promised to keep it safely, employ it in church purposes, pay ing lawful interest for it, and refunding the principal in due time. The churches and colleges and convents built with the money are there, but the principal and interest of the money are nowhere, and now the people say, in wails of misery, "No tohgne can tell or depict the calamities that have followed in the train of that disaster.' Not a disaster, it waB a stupendous fraud and crime, in which religion was made the instrument to work the ruin of innocent con fiding souls." A full statement of the facts connected with tho insolvency of the Roman Catholic Archbishop Purcell will be found in the Times, May 26, 1879. According to this report it appears, that Archbishop Purcell, from the date of hiB appointment to the See of Cincin nati had according to his own statement, borrowed money, and taken all the moneys offered him on deposit ; and that thousands of his flock had entrusted him with their savings. " He kept no accounts, and expended the moneys so received in paying priests, in building churches, schools, asylums, &c.;, and in advancing the special interests of the diocese." The investigation of his affairs showed that his liabilities amounted to more than four millions of dollars, and that his creditors numbered 3,000 persons. If any bank had so uBed the money of its depositors, the directors would deserve to be sent to the State prison, and it will be recollected that in case of the failure of the Glasgow Bank, the directors were sentenced to lengthened terms of imprisonment for having fraudulently mis appropriated the deposits entrusted to their care. No doubt if Archbishop Purcell had been a layman he would have been lodged in gaol, and, in common justice, the churches, schools, nunneries, and aayluraB built with the moneys entrusted to his safe keeping, ought to have been sold for the benefit of his creditors ; but the Romish prelates evidently look leniently upon the embezzlement of funds, if made for the advantage of the Church. On the occasion of Archbishop Purcell's insolvency Cardinal McClosky issued -an - address, directing the formation of sub scription lists and collections in every diocese in the United States. This address is reported in full in the Romish journal, the Weekly Register, July 19, 1879. In it Car dinal McCloBkey stated that the settlement then proposed was to be carried out upon the basis of an abatement by the creditors of 50 per cent, of their claims, and he appealed for funds for this purpose as " a special manifes tation of Christian beneficence, which will giee edification to all men and glory to the Father of Mercies, besides pouring balm into the bruised heart of the venerable prelate, who had won for himself the admiration and affection of all by the aaintliness of his life and the self-sacrificing devotedness of his zeal." How far this app-al may have minis tered to the relief of the insolvent Archbishop Purcell it is impossible to say ; but from the observations of the New York Observer, quoted above, it would appear that the pitiable distress and sufferings of his miserable cre ditors have been wholly disregarded, and that the members of the archbishop's flock, who were doped out of their money, are to bo con sidered, as Archbishop Purcell put it, as "meriting the assistance of Almightv God that such good workB may never fail." We may, however, express a doubt whether this edifying example of " saintliness" on the pnrt of Archbishop Purcell, or such " self- sacrifice" in dealing with the property of others, is likely to encourage Roinao Catholics to main tain principles of honesty and fair dealing with th dr fellow-men." Perh tps Australian PapistB will be fleeced in like manner for the £60,000 to build the , Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical College at Manly, eh ? 