THE PHANTOM FIDDLER OF BEERAOH LODGE. | A STORY. i : My uncle, Mr. Sommerton, was agent to the eccentric Lord Beeragh, and, daring his life, resided in Beeragh Castle, a magnifi- , cent old mansion, overlooking Beeragh lake, i far away in tbe wilds of West Gonnaognt. When Lord Beeragh died, ancle quitted the oastle, taking up his abode in Beeragh Lodge, a mach smaller residence on the opposite shore of tbe lake. It was a very curious house. Built m what had been a vast quarry, the front apartments and entranoe-hall towerad high above the humbler portion inhabited by nnole and aunt. The larger reception-rooms were seldom used. They were fitted up in a style of old- world grandeur, which did not at all agree with ancle . and annt'b quiet ways. Oyer these fine rooms arose a most curious ereotion a vast saloon extended from end to end of th - building, almost altogether composed of glass ; a huge cupola towering in the centre of the roof, catching every ray of light from allqnartere of the sky. Once this curious apartment had been gorgeous with paint and gilding, but the gold ! was tarnished, the brilliant colours were I faded to poor stains. | The windows opened upon a wide balcony, whioh overlooked the most superb view I ; ever beheld. The only means of approach to this strange structure was up a flight of steps outside tbe house. Few people Beemed to oare for disturbing its unbroken solitude. It was winter time, and the house full of merry young people, and. as the rooms iu 7 daily nse were too small to oontain as all, \- uncle, with a reluctance I was slow to ooin- | prebend, granted as permission to nse the ( larger apartments. j Despite their splendour, they were grim | and gioomy, but we were all young and gay j in those days, and we filled them with merry ) laughter and joyous music from early j morning until long after midnight. But ! with one consent we all avoided the library, j because of a picture which hung there. It ; was a m&ttmdaent; portrait of the last Baron ' Beeragh, uncle to the first Earl, and great- grand uncle to the present owner of the title. ; He must have been a man of singular personal beauty, but with an expression so peculiar that I could not bear to look at his painted semblance on the library wall. Certainly, I have never seen a picture whioh Dossessed the same influence over me. I never went into that room, if I could by any means av id doing so. The winter was one of nnexampled severity, but we young folks rejoiced over tbe delightful sport offered by the far stretching frozen la&e;, and our whole days — and, indeed, sometimes a few hours of tbe lovely mooubt nights — were spent on its smooth glittering surface. One night we had an open-air dance, and it was upon our return home from it that the first of the unaccount able things which took place at the lodge occurred. My brother Walter and I were the last to leave the lake. As we emerged from the thick fir- woods whioh separated the house from the water's edge, we paused. The sight whioh met onr startled view arrested our steps, and held us spel bound. The wide windows of the 8&loon; were all ablaze with nn arthly light — not the red glare of fire, bat a hatd, clear radiance like the electric light of to-day, the glass cupola glowing white against the darknesB beyond. Walter threw his rm around me, and for a breathless moment or two we stood terror- stricken. Then, just as a lightning flash leaps into darkness, and is gone, the weirc illumination vanished, and the honse lay black against the Btarlit sky. I scarcely remember anything more until I found myself in my own room. I had not the epi it to join the merry party at supper. Tired out and greatly puzzled as to the reason of what I had Been, I went te bed, B-i-P yonog and very tired. I «oon to'g» «. ""whraYaoke my fire tof Oataid, through the profound naOm hrnh of a night of intense frost, I heard » wow strike. As the sound died on air another took its place. I «Urted oP listened. Softly, olearly through the death ke silence stole a sound o mu«o. At first a faint, far-off trill like the eong of a lark high in the heavens .then coming nearer, growing loader and J?oder, as if close at hand. It was exquisitely I sweet and plaintive, and shrilled me from head to foot. I coidd not die- tinguish anything like an air. Jbe only thing to whioh I ooula compare tbe sound was a sweet jangle of birds songs on a spring morning. I eat up in bed to hsten there was something so weird and ancarthly m the music. What could it mean ? Which of uncle's guests was so devoted ta violin playing aft. wander about the houae praot..mg I intricate exercises at the dead of night, with the thermometer ten degrees below zero ? Ana then, did any of them possess so | complete a mattery over that most difficult : of instruments ? There were wuu runs, shakes, trills, which only a fklli performer could accomplish. Ac if the unknown violin player knew of the one listener to his wild harmonies, the music seemed to panse over my head, glide past my window, and sink lowwr, lower, until at | last it reached my ears dulled and muffled from the lower rooms ; then it ceasea. j The honee was a3fcir before I slept. » 1 4 Which of yon gentlemen serenaded us last night?' asked Ethel rfannderson, one of our guests, at breakfast next morning. Aunt looked op, a seared, pained ex pression on her face. Uncle left the table. Ethel saw something was amiss ; she said no more. As we separated after breakfast, aunt touched my arm. 4 Come to my room,1 she said, I followed her. j 4 Don't say anything about— about the noise yon heard — tbe— tbe wind make through the lattice- work of tbe balcony last night,' she said. Ethel heard it, and I eaw by yonr face you heard it, too. Your unole does not iike to hear it spoken of.' 4 The wind, Aunt Alice?' I cried. 1 Why, there was not a breath of air ; and what I heard was a violin most beautifully played. 4 1 will not argue with you, ohild,' aunt said. 4 All I aBk of you is not to speak of it before your uncle. He does not oare to hear it spoken about.' ' Won't you tell me why I am not to mention it ?' I asked, eagerly. 4 No,' she said, decidedly. I never asked your unole his reasons for any injunction he lays upon me ; and I expect the same from you.' So she left me, much puzzled and a little indignant. I Aunt's boudoir was on the bedroom j corridor, therefore, as I stood at the top I of the V-stairoase in the centre .of the I house, I was on a level with the hall. As 1 1 quitted her room I saw the slender figure of a man in a dark dress cross the wide hall from the library to the drawingroom. I At the same moment my youngest brother, Hugh, and Tom S&underson; entered the hall. . ' 1 ran down one flight - of stairs and . up the other to meet them. 4 Hugh — Hugh, who was it that went into the drawingroom this moment?' I oried. 4 Why, no one,' Hugh answered. 4 All the men are down on the ice — Tom and I came I back to find out what was keeping yon girls.' | 4 But,' I insisted, 4 someone— some man | went into the drawingroom as you came through the door. Yon mast have noticed him, unless you were blind.' 4 1 saw no one,' Tom Saundereon eaid. 4 Nor I,' Hugh responded. 4 1 must see,' I oried. And, followed by the young men, I dashed into the big, chill room. Now, tbey say— those two boys— that I must have been dreaming while it was broad daylight ; but. so surely as I saw anything in that room — the fire on the hearth, the frosty sunlight streaming into the conservatory— I saw a man in a peouii&r; dress, with a violin in his hand, standing beside the grand piano. Ab I ran into the room, his eyes met mine with a look whioh seemed most strangely familiar. The finely-cnt features were deathly pale. Toe hand whioh held the violin- wish a practised clasp, gleamed, white and shining from the ruffle which fell over the wrist. For ona breathless second it stood still, then bowed low, and then drew baok into the conservatory. I reeled round, and would have fallen. Hugh caught me. 4 Well, you are a queer girl 1' he cried. 4 Yon look as if you had seen ' 4 Oh, hush — hush 1' I gasped oat, 4 It j hears you ! Look, it has turned I Oh, Hugh, don't let Tom follow 1' j For Tom Sannderaon had ran into the I conservatory, and was dose to the figure, ! which I saw plainly moving amongst the flowers towards the door leading to the stepB. 'Call him back ! Tell him not to follow it !' I pleaded. Follow what ?' Hugh asked almost angrily. 4 You are dreaming, Annie.' 4 No, no, no ! See I' I cried. He has just passed out of the dcor. He is going op the steps. Oh, Tom, come back — come back T Dark against the red winter sunshine, I saw the slender figure slowly mount the orszy steps, and disappear.. With my hand grasping Hugh's arm, I tottered injta the conservatory, and reached the outer dbor. It was looked, i > 4 Why, Annie, yon have taken leave of your senses,' Hugh oried as I looked-hdp- lessly into hi8 face, with my hand opon tbe look ; 4 yonr young man must have been a very slender individual indeed to escape through the keyhole — ha, ha T ' Oh, don't laugh 1' I exclaimed. I tell you I saw him as plainly as I sec yon this moment. I know it was something qq. natural.' 4 Was it a ghost 1' Tom Saundereon asked laughingly; 4 if so, he has broken through all ghostly traditions., % thought ghoate never rambled about in daylight. But come, Annie, get yonr hat on ; we are losing time,' | I did not go on the ice that day ; utterly I unnerted, I remained in annt's room, hoping I to have an opportunity of telling her what I I had seen, and of forcing from her the legend I of the house. I That night Lord Beeragh and his youcg I sisters— who bad heard of our gay doings I and most needs join in them— were to be I aunt's guest. I Tbe three young people were to be housed I for the night. Ethel and I gave up oui I rooms, and packed into aunt's bocdsir for I the nonce. The excitement of their an ival, I the business of preparing for the dance', I ; drove away the effects of my terror of the I morning, and by t&e; time we all assembled I in the library before dinner, I was quite I i myself again. I was standing by the mantel- I i shelf talking to Lady Hester Fitzmaurice I when the great double-doors of tbe room I opened, and a tall, slender figure entered. I My heart etood still. It was the figure I I had seen in tbe .morning. The same clear- I cut, delicately beautiful features, the same I air of gracious dignity, only the dresa I was the simple evening dress of all I the other men in the room. I eaw Lady I Heater look curiously at me. I 1 Do you not know my brother ?' she eaid. I 1 Beeragh, this is Biles May — Mrs. Scramer- I ton's niece.' I The touch of bis friendly baud, the sound I Of his pleasant voice, brought back my I wandering wits. I managed to say some- I thing about the lake and the skating, and I then we went to dinner. By the time I dinner was half over, Lord Beeragh and 1 I were fast friends. I 4 By the way,' he said, sinking his voice, I 1 where is the wonderful picture of my I ancestor of unhallowed memory, of which I I have heard V I I told him there was a picture of a Lord I I Beeragh in the library, but that 1 did cot I know there wsb any special story abooi it. I 4 Oh, yes,' he said ; ' there was a bad I lord amongst us, who was supposed to have I dealings with the unseen world. I think tbe I truth about hitn would probably be that I he was eccentric and ahead of his age. He I built this bouse. A queer erection, isn't it?' | He did it for a purpose — he wanted a good I musio room. The only unaccountable thing I about him was the manner of bis departure I from life — I cannot say his death— for of I that co one ever had certain proofs. He I simply disappeared, leaving his hcose fall of I j guests, and on the eve of a great national I oriels, when his party were looking to him I for help and goidanoe. He was qaite & I I young man< an advanced Nationalist — I I despite his nncanDy reputation, a man of I ( vast personal influence. It seemed an on- I accountable thing that be should vanish as he I did.' I 1 4 Was no effort made to discover any trace I I of hia fate ?" I inquired. I 4 Oh. yes. My grand uncle, who died a I short time ago, made every inquiry, bat to no parpose. There were various sQrmiseE. I One of the most romantic, but I am inclined I to think the moat probable, wa that he was I mixed np with some of the numerous secret I societies of Southern Earope, and that ne I fell into the hands of tbe Inqnieition, either in Italy or Spain As to his departing I mysteriously and leaving his house fall of I guests, I regard that as altogether spocry- I phal. Something like the sequel of tbe I story which you doubtless have beard.7 I I told him eagerly that I knew of no I | story at all con- ectedwith his family. I j 4 Ib it possible you have not heard of the I Phantom Fiddler, who plays upon the great I balcony three times a year ? As this is cne of his appointed seasons, I wonder he has not favoured yoo 1 1 Then, breathlessly, I told him wb3t I had heard the previous night, and what I had seen that morning, imploring bim to enlighten me as to tbe legend connected with the house, , , I With an altered look upon his face, he told I me, speaking very low, so that his words reached my ears alone: I I 'This house has always had the reputation I qf being haunted by ap appearance resembling I Lord Beeragh. A'bst you tell me gives a I | strange confirmation to the popolar super- I stition. An acownplished musician, it w#b I his habit to walk round that balcony outside J the music-room he had erected, practices fl j new and strange feats upon his violin. I must tell you there was an organ in tna I room — how they contrived to build it tliere who can tell? Bat, actually, about forty I years ago, Lord Beeragh was obliged to have it taken down. No one would inhabit I house from the eerie music which souo e I continually from that room. Of CJU"e I was a trick. You shake your head . l I sceptical about each matters, you -ee , H I will tell you the tale as 'twas tola to me. I They say the windows blaze with light, ju J as they used to flare when he and his I held high festivity in that airy room ; ihfii, one by one, the guests depart ; acd tuen spectre fiddler comes ont of one P"I,C ' . window and plays, walking round and ro the balcony he loved during his lue; | they bay that certain penalties follow 1 hearing of that unearthly masic. Mud y j go? Remember the first round danoe. 1 Has Beeragh been talkicg to you aboa the bad lord!' Lady Eileen asked me a passed from the dining-room so the draw s room. 4 Was that the picture in tbe lior . Do come and show it to me ; I bavc I seen it.' M I Wc went into the great, dimly lit r0 ' I A cold sense of a presence there beyos I own two young individualities fi'r"oK, hut I to my heart as I crossed the threshold, Lady Eileen did not seem to feel it. . moved gaily through the empty room. I stood fronting ths strange picture. 4 Why, it is the image of Eeertgn. I cried, % only Beeragh has not such a d I I uptusioa. rTi. a wonderful poW J certainly, but is there not something I odd about it !' . . , .fpvf I j Wc stood looking at the portrait fo . j momenta. Then Lady Eileen claepe I | hands before her face. 9 rt jg | 4 Oh, come away — come I I horrible — it is like a living tmns" I 1 oried. Did you not fancy toe eyts b j«t u», aud tt» Hp. rno.trd ? On. I 1 away i' . (he I i It may only have been an effect I I shadows cast by the flickering .J0C. I j or only our ovor wrought girlish imag,B I il ; i'» ===a=as fcut we both aw, « t fsnwft-a the eyes flaejh and the red, .thin «ps qjirve at'us o a saule of deadly malioe. We elatohed each other, and fled. At we left the room, wewer ©followed by a low, mocking laugh. It was some time before either of us iceovered from tbe effects of our fright. When Lord Beeragh appeared, and hie filter told him our strange experience, he needs must have me show him the librarv and the mysterious pioture; bttt, seeing how I shrank back, terrified at the bare idea of returning to the room, he did not insist upon carrying out his intention. Then we began to dance. The great room had been partially cleared of furniture, and made a capital ballroom. We bad a large gathering. Not only our boufe-party, but every available young person in tbe oountry who Could be induoed to brave tbe intense frost and tbe slippery state of the roads, was present, and the mirth and tbe danoing were fast and furious. I bad been dancing with half the men in the room, and about midnight I was waltzing for tbe tbird or fourth time with Lord Beeragb. We had been flying round the room, and bd paused for a moment's breathing space at the door of the con servatory. He was Baying something— no matter what — which caused me to look up into his faoe. Just behind him, looking at me with eru6l, mocking eyes over his shoulder, only separated from the light, and warmth, and life of the gay ballroom by the glass door, stood the mysterious figure I had seen in the morning. The likeness between the two faces — the Earl's full of life, young hope, joy, and manly besuty ; the other such a ghastly travesty of it, with the livid pallor on the cheeks, the hard, cold glitter in the eyee — it was horrible ! Most horrible I clutched Lord Beeragh's arm. He looked down at me with a tender emi e, which obanged to an expression of un bounded surprise. ' What is it ? What has alarmed you ?' he asV-c-d. I oould only point, breathless, to the dark figure, the ghastly face, the glittering eyes behind him. Da you not see ?' I gasped out. He turned and looked. ' No,' he said. There is nothing to alarm you so. You are unnerved, overstrung. Come with me.' He toak my hand to draw it through his arm. And then bis visage changed, his eyes dilated, tbe healthy colour forsook his cheek. ' Great Heavens ! what is it ? Who is it V he cried, and dashed open the door. If any of those who were present that nigbt remain alive — and there must be many of them left, for there were fifty or sixty people in tbe room — if they choose to speak, they can substantiate what I tell, for everyone in the room heard what happened, although only Lord Beeragh, Walter, and I saw that unearthly figure. Just as in the picture— just as I bad seen it in the morning. It held a violin in its hand. We saw it raise tbe instrument to its shoulder. We stood spellbound. Low and olear rang the long-drawn, delicate notes, so low, so soft, that their sound did not reach the ears of the dancing throng within ; hot then borst upon their startled eare a wild whirl of diabolic harmony, voUeying out like flame among ! tbem. drowning the music within, oheoking tbe flying feet of the dan -ers, enrdling their blood, with sooh a crash of devilish, un earthly melody as I hope and pray never may reach my ears again. There was a breathless pause in the drawingroom. Everyone stood still, too terrified to move. For me, I saw nothing but that awful form standing there amongst tbe bright blossoms, Hie face turned towardB Us with a look of such malignant triumph that it froze my blood, the .upraised arm sending the bow flying across the strings of the instrument with such demoniac power. But I was conscious of a s'ronger will than my own supporting me, helping me to bear the terror which otherwise would have crushed me. I felt a filrm hand clasping mine, a steadfast arm sustaining me, the warm pulsations of a brave heart beating close to > aiy own. I knew I was safe. Then I heard uncle's voioe. I saw him stride into the conservatory ; saw that form faoe him, glide past him, stand upright in the doorway, with its cruel, fiendish smile at d eyes of larid flame. Then it seemed to melt off into nothing — I can find no other words to describe the manner of its disappearance — and still louder, fiercer, that weird, awful mueio rang through the room. Uncle staggered out of tbe conservatory. Great beads of perspiration stood on his brow ; his features were distorted with rage. ' A hundred pounds to anyone who will help me to detect this trick,' be ahooted. The unearthly sound ceased, and wild and shrill th ough the room rang, as if in defiant eply, a laugh so terrible, so demoniac, that — 1 remember no more. T - I was lying on my improvised bed in aunt's room when nay senses cleared. Aunt and Lady Eileen were bending over me, and Lord Beeragh, who had borne me to this haven of reBt, was standing at the door. I oannot tell what took place that night. I remember confused noises as of harrying feet tramping round the house. I remember Bounds of voioes high overhead, and flaring of torches everywhere. I seemed to know, in eome curious, intuitive fashion, that the guests were gone, and that the police from the neighbouring towns were searching high and low for the perpetrators of what unole insisted was a silly trick. Next morning, almost at daybreak, I returned with Lord Beeragh and his sisters to the castle. Twenty-four hours afterwards I was raging in brain fever. They said it was that awful experience W u'ch laid me low. For many days I was unconscious, Aunt AUoe nursing me with all a mother's tender care, and it was daring my severe illness that Beeragb Lodge gave up its terrible secret. Yet only in part, for the dark mystery which surrounds the awful discovery made in that fated house never oan be cleared away. Lord Beeragh insisted upon the lodge being examined under bis own eye. He said the n. 1ST.. »» >»« i< no other oould ae0retB itco»'oined t0m' ,h" "id tak«n1»e Rr?' eal<,on wae dismantled and down with no result, thou the drawinn room was pulled to pieces, the hall the tST 01 811 «W So terrible pioture they found a th« riIVI n-8p h upon the wall> end when rnnmmSf i1? Was reoaoved they found— a di lu?' Th80 wh0 were present nnlftsf -if. unhallowed tomb give o,erri.e eecret never -forgot the sight ttat'awhfl fU7iV-ed ik long. There stfod Thl Z 5 '-! wltQess to a hideous crime. sbrivX!?ii ' yei «lftred at them, that its \- j d P8 were contorted into a demoniac grin It was attired in the full court-dress w® gyration, a go'd-hilted rspi r f 8 Bld® At its feet lay some frag- varicoloured woods; in its hand hung a broken bow. There was no mark of violence, so they all said, on the oorpee, only there it stood, closed opm.o that horrible niche, just as it had been shut m o it eighty years before. What deed of darkness had been wrought — what foul crime perpetrated, aod for what end, never oan be known. Lord Beeragh at ones ordered a coffin to be prepared, and, Beeicg the men held back, he and Unole Phil endeavoured to remove the ghastly relic of humanity to its final resting place, but at a touch it orumbled to a heap of dust. r Such poor fragments as they oould collect were gathered up, and buried in Beeragh churchyard. And now for the sad sequel of my tale. Before the year went round there was not a man left to- bear the Beeragh title. Ah, it was hard! It w&b; hard! His deep i,V6', ardent spirit had over-leaped all barriers. In September I was to have been hia wife. I bade him good- bye one bright May morning, and watched his little boat go danoing over tbe sunlit waters of the lough. It was an old story — a sudden squall — a moment's carelessness. At night fall they bore him home. For me, death would have baen better than life. Oh, how often I have wished that the bad lord's ourse had fallen on me, and not on him ! But I found duties to fulfil, and I grew not reconciled, but patient. Unole Phil caught what at first was only a slight cold, but it carried him off. and then Aunt Afioe and I lived quietly together until she, too, faded awav, and now, & weary, lonely woman, I am waiting, But when we meet the time will not seem lone. — All the Year Round; 