Our Sydney Letter. r«lOK OUB OWN COKEESrONDKNT.] Seotember 19. Afteb tho proceedings which took place in the Aiwunblj this week, there onn be no longqr any doubt in tho mind of un intelligent on lookor that the Hoiiao is probably the worst in the Britihh dominions. In Arohibuld Forbes's reoently- publifhed book ontitled ' Souvenirs of many Continents,' there is a chapter hoadud 'Social Australia.' Many phases of colonial life nro referred toin the ohuptor, snd a good deal of »puco ii devoted to a description of politics nnd politicians. Members of Parlia ment, the author informs his readers, aro not recognised by 'society,' by whom indeed they are regarded as being a disreputable cl'jss. Archibald Forbes did not slander Ihe lawmakers of New Soath 'Wales when he printed that statement ; and concerning them it rauy be affirmed that they are many degrees worse' than ho Hupposed them to be. No person of education and refinement could possibly think of inviting to his home the miserable beings who duriug the whole of the week have been disgracing themselves and their country. It was thought ln-t 'Weduesd-iy wo-k that a division would bo taken on tho anfendment on the Address to His Excellency on the followiog Tuesday. That calculation allowed four oven iigs for tho debate, which, considering tho fnot that the Opposition knew they had not tho ghost of a chance of carrying the amendment, was sufficient timo to devote to tho matter. But when Tuo?day came it got wind that the Opposition had resolved to prolong the debute uutil Friday, and even a week or two longer if the thing could be mannged. So the honour able gentlemen set to work, and sound, fury, nlaptrap poured forth in an interminable stream. There :ire not five members in the House who can talk sound sense for a single hour, yet every Oppositionist who delivered a speech spoke f )r fully two hours. It was the most humiliating spo -iatie that a native Australian could wit ness. Home time ago Sir Thomas M'llwraith informed a reporter from tho office of the Pa'.l Hall Gazette that on one or two occasions obstruction had beon carried to great lengths in the Queensland Legislature ; but it may be confidently asserted that even in their worst moments the members of your representative Chamber never fell to the level of the gang who represent Her Majesty's Opposition in. New South Walea. Earlj* in the wec-i a charge of corruption was preferred against the Government whip, Sir. Ninian Melville. That hor.ournble gentle man belongs to the not inconsiderable olass who suffer from chronic impoouniosity. Some months ago he accepted a feo of £io from a resident of Newtown for negotiating or expe. diting a sale of land to thd Government. Mr. ITElhouo heard of the transaction, and at once proceeded to hunt up the facts. It was ou the motion of Melville that M'Elhone'e shady con duet in regard to a man named Hundsalcer was broucht to light, and that accounts for M'iCl-. hone's zeal in trying to get material for an accusation against the senior member for Northuinberlasd. But Mr. M'Elhone was too canny to tako any action in tho House. That' duty tvss devolved npon Mr. Abigail, who is the political Boavenger of the present Assem bly, nnd who is never in his element except when he ia engaged in denunciatory criticism.; A committee was appointed to inquire into the charges preferred by Mr. Abigail, and its first moeting will be held next wcdaosdny. Not much is likely to come of the inquiry: tho House does not forbid members of Parliament, to act as hind agents, and therefore it cannot' consistently object to what Mr. Melville did. ilr. Abigail cnm= in for a good de*l of eareas-l tic criticism, bat he got no more than he de served. Physically, mentally, and morally he is a little man, and a singlo look at him when he rises to make a speech is enough to excit9 to anger the serenest temper. In referring to him Mr. Fromlin— who, by the way, is nn Orangeman, as Mr. Abigail is — quoted tho following lines, which he averred troro applic able to tho honourable member. A \Tick;lelfla roved this orrth aronnil, 'Wli-jao joys proceeded from tho griefs he fouudj Vuaocial ho, but with malignant mind, Ho only dwell with men that ha might vox mankind. The nlao, tho Rood, with anxious heart ho snw, And here x fnilinE found, and thor« a. fl-iw. Such was tho Bpritc, and so aooure of prey, That oniy misery passed unstung away. By tho manner in which the quotation waa received by the House it waa evident that they endorsed the opinion of Mr. Fremliu. On Thursday evening Mr. Farnoll replied to the critioisms which had been made in the debate on the Land Aot, and he did tho work will, He made a fool of Mr. Heydon, who for some time past haB been posing as an autho rity on the land laws. To the satisfaction of both sides of the House he proved that that gentleman had not mastered even the leading principles of the measure. Mr. Hoydon did not enjoy Ihe merciless exposure, but other people did. Having finished with Mr. Heydon, Mr. Farnell then turned his bttteries on Mr. Thomas Garrett, and smashed up that critio in about twenty minutes. There was no passion or bluster, no swinging of the arms and paoing up and down the floor of the House. The talk was quiet, but it -was the talk of a man who was full of knowledge of his subject, and therefore it struck home. While Mr. Farnell was speaking on tho Land Act in the Assembly, Sir Henry Parkes was leoturing in the Protestant Hall on 'The Australian Soldier.' Great pains had been token to make the leoturo a success. Placards were posted all over the town ; advertisements inserted for several days in succession, and the services of a band obtained to play up a crowd. The title of the leoture was a taking one ; and as Sir Henry is the darling of tho Orangemen and of local optionists, it -was bolieved that there would be a orowd. I was present, and at half-paBt 8, -when tho lecture had been in prouro-s a quarter of an hour, I counted the audience ; it consisted of 102 persons, includ ing the persons on the platform. The leoture was a dreary, confused, and scraggy per formance. Our political Samton has lost hii strength, and he iB ignorant of the fact. In acknowledging tho vote of thanks, Sir Henry deolared that he was going to aronao the country. For the moment he imagined him self to be a sort of fac simile of the ex-Premier of England, and that the forthcoming cam' paign would be as successful aa Mr. Gladstone's was nearly six years ago, when ho smashod the Conservatives in all parts of tho kingdom ; but no one else except, perhaps, Mr. John Daviea, O.M.G., could have imagined nim in that light. A look at tlio sizo of the audience absolutely froze the streams of the imagination. The other day a meeting was hold in Rodfem to considor the propriety of inviting Bir Honry to beoomo a candidate for that constituency at tho next eleotion. Speaking in the Houbo on the niirht of the meeting, Mr. Abigail assured tho mem bora that there were at least 1,000 peoplo pre sent at it. The faot was, however, that there was not a hundred, and undor the circum stances Sir Henry Parkes did not seo his way oloar to accept the invitation whioh the meeting gave him. All that looks like rousing .tho oonutrv. ? ; Mr. Stuart haa beon ill again. If he etiolfa to politics, in thiee or four months the place that knows him now will know him no more for ever. Tho shadow of the grave is resting upon his faoe. He d6cB not see the flhadow, arid thoroforehe does, not believe in its existence, but it is thore notwithstanding. Sir John Kolerbion also is ill. Indeed, hehuabeenill for sevoral weeks, and many who have soon' him say that ho has fought his last battle;), and will pass over to the majority.' Many hope that that gloomy foreboding will not be realised. Last year he boasted that he had neTor required tha services of a doctor*, and it may bo that his good constitution will pull him through. The fairest' . and ; mopt' ohivolrous politician in tho Assembly, he will bo greatly luissdd if he should aucoumb to the ?diuoaso whioh has attaokod him. . ; . ',; ',? \ ' A somowhat remarkable oano waa decided in the Suprome Court yesterday. Some yoars ago the father of Mr. K. Barton, the Spoaker of, tho Aeseinbly, oouvoyod cortain properties to tho Bank of New South TValca as part paymont of a debt. In prooess of timo Mr. Barton, Ben., died. In bis will ho ap. pointed his son, tho Spoaker, his executor, ljuring tho years that intervened botwoen tho mukiug of tho conveyance and tho death of Mr. Burton tho bank held tho property. At the time when tho latter event took placo its vnluo was estimated at £20,000. Mr. Barton disposed of ? it to tho batik for less than £500. Tho exeoutor made nn application to tho bank to redeem tho property by pay ing the price allowed in the conveyance for tho land, together with interest at tho usual rate. The bank promptly doolined. Thereupon tha exeoutor brought nn action ugainst the bunk to compol it to ro-oonvey the property on paymont of the purohaao money, interest, and other minor chargos, and yesterday tho action waa decided in his favour. The Bank Act provides that no bunking insti tution oan hold real property, oxcopt its premises ; and Sir William Manning ruled that u conveyance given to a bank in satisfaction of a debt is on tho pamo footing as a mortgage, and that if the property so conveyed is hold the person who disposed of it, or his heirs, have the privilege of redeeming it by making the payments referred to above. It is believed ? that tho banks havo had hundreds of properties conveyed to them in satisfaction of debts ; if the facts are as supposed, the example set by Mr. Speaker is certain to bo extensively followed, greatly to the advantage of the proseoutors. 