S-s£jmij:£ßAT\imiiAß<-. INSTALLATION OVA KNIGHT OF ST. ,- ¡ . . ,, ,. (GREGORY. A very impressive ceremony the first of its kind in Tasmania took place yesterday in St. Mary's Cathedral, when the Hon. Christopher O'Reilly Was, by the special order of His Holiness the Pope, installed a Knight" of' the Order of St. Gregory the Great. There was a very large congregation, 'the-Cathedral being crowded. Pontifical High, Mass was celebrated, the clergy, present being the Most Rev. Dr,' Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, Very Rev. , Deans Beechinor, of Launceston, and Woods, ROVB, Fathers Gilleran, James Murphy, and T. M, O'Callaghan. The Bishop wore his jewelled mitre and bore his pastoral staff in the processions, and the clergy were attired in full canonicals. Among those present in the sanctuary were Mr. Audley Coote, M.H.A., and family. At the close of the celebration of the Mass, which was Farmer's in B flat, with orchestral accompaniment, and beautifully rendered, the Hon. C. O'Reilly, attended by his Esquire, Mr, Leventhorpe Hall, took his place in the sanctuary, where kneeling stools and and chairs had been arranged, free sword was placed upon a cushion, and the cross in a silver salver on a table float- ing the recipient. Dean Bccoliinor,prcccdcd by two acolytes, then ascended the pulpit, and preached an eloquent sermon from the text : " Do not think I am come to bring peace, I come not to send peace, but a sword." Upon this subject he enlarged at length, stating that, from the fall until life shall be no more, the interval of life was to be a warfare. He spoke of the day of Pentecost, and the effects of the fire which fell upon the apostles, referring in forcible language to the dangers, trials, and privations which they had to undergo in preaching the word In all then known lands. Little did they know in the liberty of this, age of the despotism and tyranny of, Pagan, Rome which, however, did not deter an Alexius, a Sebastian, an Agatha, or' a Cecelia or an Agnes from professing the faith which they received from the preaching of the day of Pentecost. How terrible must have been the feelings of the noble Roman father, the haughty, proud Roman dame, to find their noble offspring worshipping in the Catacombs and mingling with the slaves and bondsmen who were then designated-to use the phraseology of the day - Christian dogs. It was i this-, fire which made them shed their blood for the famous, amphitheatre-the Coliseum. This was the sword of the Spirit, which it was predicted would not bring peace, but instead several the most cherished ties of affection and love, and the strength of the inspired martyrs was obtained from that day of Pentecost. He referred briefly to the fall of the Roman Empire, and its consequences upon the civilisation, of the world. He did not venture an opinion as to whether it was of beneficial or otherwise that that system should prevail, but left it, to historians to decide. He passed on to the feudal system in subsequent years, which originated with the Goths and Vandals. That was not a system to be admired at all, the lords having everything and the vassals very little. The spiritual power of the Pope interfered, and brought the higher classes to a sense of their duty. This system of spiritual authority lasted for over 200 years, when the Crusades followed, beginning in 1985, and continuing for nigh upon two centuries. Whatcvar,wcro the domestic evils in Europe, Mahomedan power held sway over the land sanctified by the footsteps of the Redeemer, and Christians who did not con- form to Miihoinedaii laws were reduced to a most horrible condition of thraldom and slavery. Under the providence of God, Peter, the Hermit, visited Asia Minor, and on what he saw and heard preached a crusade through Europe. He raised an army of 700,000, but disoiganlBatlon, the want of discipline, and disease decimated his ranks, and militated against the success of his men. But the intrepid warrior Godfrey D'Bouillon (Duke of Lord able) took up the cause, and after 40 days' siege captured Jerusalem, and was crowned its king. But he did not long survive his honour, and died and his body was appropriately buried at the foot of Cah ary, where the speaker saw the grave on a late visit to Palestine. There his ashes mingled with those of David, of Judas Maccabeus, and other great prophets and warriors. Having touched upon the action taken by the Abbott of Clairvaux, Richard Coeur de Lion and Louis IX. of France, in regard to the Crusades, he said that historians had criticised this, period adversely, but he would not venture a refutation that day. He would quote the words of rill >»n"i»«j«"rtj tho-Frcireh Statesman, who says of them, "They who see in the Ci resides only a band of armed pilgrims going to the rescue of a tomb in Palestine take a narrow view of history ; the point at issue was not only to rescue a sacred tomb, but to decide which of two powers are henceforth to rule the world-a creed, hostile to civilisation, systematically favourite to ignorance, despotism, and slavery; or that which had revived the genius and learning of antiquity, and abo- lished slavery." Chateaubriand was himself, knighted in the Holy Sepulchre for his noble deeds to Church and State, with the sword of Godfrey, which is still preserved in the Holy City. Balmer, in' his history of Christian civilization, was equally eloquent in defence of the Crusades, and the doctrine of spirituality of the Church over the State was by no means a novelty, but a doctrine preached and practised by potentates and princes during the ages of faith. He quoted the remarks of Saint John, Chrysostom, who said "that the Church was above the State in the same way, j as, the. soul was above the body, I and the heaven above the earth." He developed this argument, at considerable length, and quoted various statements in supported it, and hold that both'swoids'belonged to the Church, the first being drawn for the Church, and the second by command of the' Church, but not by its hand. He continued, to say that «theilnatural outcome CoE. the,. Crusades was the institution of ithojago-ofi j chivalry, and the rush of iC warriors and i others to Palestine was then so great that it was necessary to make some preparation for their reception. He explained the nature,, of knighthood. is XV Included the ancient Knights of the Hospitallers the Knights of' St. John, the Knights Templar, tlioiTuotonlo" Knights, the Knights of Rhodes, of St Jago' of the Sword, the Knights of Alcantara; and the Knights of Calatrava in Spain and Portugal. Tobotlld bravest knight in Em one in those days was far more noble than to be ranked amongst, the monarch of the day, and after enlarging upon the honour and integrity of those' upon whom knighthood was conferred, proceeded to explain the nature of the knighthood which was to be conferred that day upon their esteemed friend Mrs O'Reilly. 'It was instituted in honour of that great! pontiff Gregory the Great, who reigned in the equal of the sixth and during part of the seventh centuries, by Pope Gregory XVI. of happy memory, who, known us Mauro Cappclluti, was a monk in the monastery of St. Gregory thoGrcat on thoCooliaa Hill in Rome. Mauro was taken from the monastery, and elected pontiff on the 2nd of February, 1861, A short time after his clet ation to the pontificate he instituted the order of St. Gregory the Great in honour of his patron saint. it was to be conferred as a mark of devotion and as a reward to those who had rendered special service to the Church by devotion, and by protecting her manifold interests. They might ask what benefits were to be derived by this decoration ? Well, he would reply very little in this part of the world, beyond the fact of the consciousness that one feels of having won the approbation, by a virtuous and useful life, of his ecclesiastical superiors and his fellow citizens and countrymen, and also of raising him to a high social position, which entitled him to rank with the nobility, if he ever wished to travel or visit Europe, and especially the Eternal City. In one sense the ceremony of that day re-called the history and memories of bygone days in the Old Country. They would remember that: Sir John O'Shanassy had been knighted for his services to a gallon and christian education in Melbourne ; also Mr. Archer, the celebrated Victorian statistician ; Hon. Michael O'Grady, Dr. Brownless, Vice Chancellor of the Melbourne University, and Sir Patrick Jennings, and a few others throughout the colony. They might remember their late governor, Sir Frederick Weld, coming into this church on St. Patrick's Day, with his insignia on his breast, which he obtained either while Minister of New Zealand, or during his Governorship of Western Australia. They would thereby see that this honour was only given to those who really merited it. Now he was under a difficulty to know how to refer to the present recipient, and if he were not before him he could speak more freely.' Fow Catholic gentleman in the Australias so well deserved this honor and distinction as Mr. O'Reilly. He (the speaker) had enjoyed the pleasure of his friendship for many years, and he could not help being struck by his humility, which seemed his prevailing virtue, and his unostentatious manner in the service of the Church or the State. He offered him his, own congratulations on being the recipient of so high an honour, and he ventured to say, on behalf of , those present, and his fellow colonists In Tasmania for Australia, ' t s i i j n ii a a', iii choirboy congratulated him also upon this honour and hoped that the same" spirit with which he was to largely Imbued would, come, upon him still more abundantly, so as to enable him to render still ¡grcatcr.soyvioo to his adopted, country, and enable him in the end to win a crown of glory iii Heaven, t I' Doon BiîEOlilJîOltIthcn/read,the,Appstolic, brief-in Latin, and the following to ansla Hon,;-, . ;. j . i s i , i ,, Dearly beloved Son, Health and apoS-; folio benediction. Thy distinguished gifts of natural character and mind, they proved piety and well-known zeal and devotedness to the See of B. Peter, and i thy other excellent merits, for which thou don't stand commended to us, and cause that we decorate thee With an illustrious title as the reward of thy deserts,' and as an evidence of our good' will toward thee. [Here follows a legal form.] We, therefore, by our apostolic authority, in virtue of these presents, erect and appoint thee a Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great in the civil class, and we enrol theo amongst this highly distinguished assembly and order of knights. We grant thee occordinRly power to assume the costume proper to the knights of that order, and to wear freely and lawfully on the left breast its proper insignias, namely, a golden rectangular cross, bearing on its centre on red ground the image of St. Gregory the Great, with a red silk ribbon, yellow bodied, according to the common custom of knights. Lest any doubt should arise as to either the costume or the cross, we direct the adjoining schedule to be handed hereto thee. Given at Rome, St. Peter's, under the seal of the fishermen, year of our pontificate. Dean BEECHINOR next read the official letter from His Eminence Cardinal Simeona, transmitting the above brief to the Bishop of Hobart. s Hon. C. O'REILLY, attended by his Esquire, Mr. L. Hall, who wore a beautiful cameo, which was presented to him by Pope Pius IX., then came forward to the Bishop. Mr. HALL then presented Mr. O'Reilly in those words 1-" We place before you this squire,! I humbly, beseeching that ( in your fatherly kindness you would accept his de Byres that he, may become worthy of associating among knights.." ' , (The Isisford then put a' number of questions relating to the character necessary to possess to obtain this high rank, and alter certain formulas Mr O'Reilly was initiated as a Knight St. Gregory the Great. u '\ The blessing of the sword having been concluded the new knight was conducted to the Bishop's feet, who presented him with the sword, saying: "I presenfyou y. ith this sword in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy" Ghost rouse it in your own defence, and in defence of God's' Church, to the confusion of the enemies of the Cross, of Christ and the Christian faith, and If human frailty permitted not to strike unjustly, and may you be worthy of this great dignity." , The new knight then put the sword in its scabbard and fastened it to his side, the Bishop in the meanwhile saying:-" Give thy sword tightly to thy side, and remember that the saints, not hythe sword, but by faith conquered kingdoms." The knight then rose from, his knees, advanced to the front of the congregation and performed several passes i with! IIB ' sword which he afterwards ? wiped on his coat sleeve. The Bishop having given him the kiss of peace, Baying pax team, then touched the kneeling Knight on the head and on each shoulder with the naked sword, saying-" Be thou a peaceful soldier, ready died faithful and devoted to God." The Bishop next administered a slight blow to the Knight on the cheek, saying "Arise from the sleep of malice and watch in the faith of Christ, and with praiseworthy fame." The cross,' the insignia of the order, was blessed and pinned next the heart of the Knight, after which he kissed the episcopal ring and retired. Rev. Dean Beechinor acted as master of ceremonies at the celebration of Mass and the investiture of the knight. The music rendered by the choir, under the able conductorship of Mr. J. R. McCann, was all that could he desired, and included Farmer's Mass in B flat, Kyrie Gloria, Sanctus Agnes Dei, and Wobb's Smith Sptritum. Miss L Roper presided at the organ, and the orchestra consisted of the following instruments . Mr. Brown, leader ; Mr. Crooks, second violin ; Mr. Bryant, viola ; Mr. Sharpe, Auto ; Mr. Murray, clarionet ; Mr. Fowler, cornet ; Mr. Giles, violoncello and Mr. Pitman, bass. The orchestra played the National Anthem as a voluntary, it being the anniversary of Her Majesty's birthday, at the conclusion of the ceremony. 