ON BOARD THE COMMODORE. The Comraodoro was crowded, mostly with people who wnatcd to see Olifiord win tho raco. That desire was not expressed to any great degree by the laying of wagers. Occasionally an off-rr tt as ramie to back "their men" at odds of 2 to 1, hut beforo the ruec 7 aud G to 4 were tho odd.- offeitd. On that boat wo heard, however, more of tto rowing capabilities ol Oiiffjrd that we thought possible, and when ho rowed past the steamer prior to Btarting in tho race he was pronounced all ronr.d to he tho perfec tion of physique, his style of rotv.ng f&ultlsis; for so big a man, aud his chanco ot winning the rsce txcuiicul, It was then that a few off jib ol 7 to 4 were tukeu, When ho pasted the boat ia closo companywitb Banian how bis supporters cheered him on bis wcy by, " Go ir, Uliilori," " Bui it on, William," and " Don't let him lead." Ooe uran said, fatcilarly, "You've got him, Willium ; held on to him," and when it ap peared that this was a slight mistake, because H&i.lan; was aluud, excitement sabiided, some dc- claiing "it ia all over." Homing and checdug and buirahing were renewed, when n spirt brought Clifford near Hun, an beyond the . tiie. and level money was wagureu. This iulois.- ex citement was. ouly momentary, and when ffankn ag»in went to tho front, offrrc of 2 to 1 on him wero not readily accepted. Tho defeat ot Clifford was followed by the crash of the Commodore against the Parramatta Bridge on tho return journey. Some of tho passenger! seemed to have an idea that an accident woald happen, for just before the puddle-whol 3trucl; the stone pier a number of them rasued to the centre Gf tho vees«l, Tho crash was something terrific, and for a moment or two it loomed us if the sido sf the steamer had been broken into. She lurched heavily to port, but fortauatoiy the crowd to star board had the presence of mind to keep their places, Had they rushed to the other tide of tho ship the Commodore would un doubtedly bavo gone under, aud th:y woald have beer, ptecipitated Into ihe riror. If this htd happened, it is nrobabte that more than half of tho 400 on bowel would have bean draw Led. Ihe two men knocked ovcrboatd es caped death in an almost miraculous manner, as did alro i bore who were standing above the paddle- wheel, Then the crisb came, Several of the pas sengers became almost petrified with fear. ' An other Cootamundra," acroamud one individual, A well-known M.L.A. turned to a leaden hue ; a North Shore boatbnilder went ns white as a ghost, and rushed about in the most frantic man ner ; one Individual had the sense te seise a litehnsy ; several threw off their coata and boots ; and a well-known politician swung himself up to a spar which stands above the upper deck, in order that ba might be the last .to go nnder. Fortunately a few of the passengers retained level heads, and began te assure toe more timid of the safety of the ship, After an examina tion the Commodore was found all right in ths bull, and sho proceeded on nor way to the Circular Quar with th6 aid of one paddloosly, The band struok np a lively strain, aud within 20 minutos of the accident many of those who for the time being had farcied themselves be and for " Kingdom come " wore laughing at their own fears und chtffiug their shipmates over ths cxtsftroyhro, It was stated that the man at tho whoel found it im possible to clear tho bridge, owing to the strength ot the current and of the wash oo:iioned by sue number of heavy steamers in the vicinity. 