TBB MYSTERY or MOOR FARM xY HENRY FRITIL AUTHOR OF .4 .ldoc Liffe,," " T/rouh qi FlooI d through FPe, "On thI Wings of thA Inid." o., ?',o. CHIAPTERI I. ,sECHYCOOS liE. "Tisoro are moro tliblnl in hcaern nod eorth. Horatlio T, ha ro dreamt of in your phlosoplhy.' "'uo's yonder, Tom ?P" ':"Don't rightly know, Jim; he he stringor, I ' Fr Lano y," S iko enough, and yet I thowt he were someono a had know'd in my time. Ito reminds me o' -what's he called as was transportod, or sent over sosar' P "Him as Moor Farm blonged to afore that old raseal or his son got it into their claws P ' Ah-ayo, Bartramln." "That's him. IWonder if 'tic him." " Bost wait and soo. Io's a comin' this way. If so be it bha hinmself, old Jack Skeolton should be shaklin' in his shoes about now." The men then took a long lockt at the pedestrian who was wandoring along the cliff just above them. When the tclescol,, woo lowered, Jimn said, " Can't be him after ll. II died we heard. But old Jack ain't long to live. WVe know that when a Bartram's ghost appears to claim hisi own." They watched the stracnger penR along the nnrrow path aboove the era, n takl e his way nsceendiulg, not descending, towardsi the )Down icalled Smllnmcrlcighll; the villago of Ioecclycombo ncatling lathed in bun. ight at his frtot. It wos a fair IIprospoct open which his gazo rested. From Marland l'oint, righjt oflf to Une?oso IHeadl, is c stretch of fill thirty mileso, enelosing betwceon the headlands an enenormous swoeep of ea--a bay, includ ing many an indent, crooeek, and haven for colasting ships or flsher-craft. In ono or two places betwcen the horns jist mentioned, time and labour-plenty of both being forthcoming, with a little money to givoe colour to the charity--had succeeded, hamnd in hand, in digging out and fancing in a place or two of refugeo or some larger ships than thoao employed upon the noast. Boeehycombo lies between this Marland Point and '"one of those artificial harbours tlled IRosscastlo. : On the south side of the little port of Beochyceombo -so small in entrance that oven pilots have beeoo run aground, and not got off till flowing tide and lusty sweoring havo lot the veseel go; on the sunny side a high range of clif rcunis up the water, far * beneath, is deep as thie rock above. From this, in about a straight line, c tiny lartilicial breakwaiter juts out, and ends abruptly iat c high rooeek which forms a barrior tnaglinsilt tih ea, 111tl is therefore called "The Church "--a laulwcark 'gaiinst the 'wlven of trouble and desiplir which will olten break" high against it. Heroin is eafeiy--save in very troublouse timnes wheon wind is blowing froni the west or fronm soeuth west, Iringing up great massens of the channolwiter, and hurling it igacinst the cliffs or the oelying rocks, Lo hidden by the reo, thut ha1d not the mrcy of heaven smade tile waves to hreak iupon tlhem, 1lo ino could have told that for certain they were there in rising tides. On the northern sido is another ridge of cliff, lbuf. lower than that soth ihward, and betweeni thise clilffs, •o north to south, thoro is a wide expanllu of akling sands, so tempting to thloso who dlo not w its trealcherous nsature, shifty acsc the wind. said that cas the railroadl pluncged inco lho itt-inland perhiaps a mile or two--thocse great ond werOftoe ei crossed by cIrts, and no, ,y a short cut ac long roccdc by tih road, wsl rom ltosecastlo ip to lIlcelhycorncb. t'ehoro bo a regular set oi guidesl, ill o noc old who had handed ldowni tl beicrings of the ' ' 'fting tracks feor celntlrieC s from fathler to on one were over loot; fur thouigh ofteln drowcned n of mistakes, or nmiylco drinik at timoe, they were picked up after in thie ich,, cniid curied ehurchyard overlooking ithe buy of Doechy Those guides did net ccrxpect ito dcli e ot0h1r11 die. It was a fiamily privileg tII io ie in tl auntdi; cnlc S each und cill would have felt icnsulted if tlhey dlied in : had like other filk, iICunless it wrl' tIIe 0 e d of th Linnel river that riis over Ie sand. '.hc prettly shining ulrrelntls of lhi sea which l)irllul day by day will cchangeo cnd shlift thie ccind ii acnc aflternoon, till the mest experienced llmay ie taken in ancd carried down beonoelath it. So Boeolyecchclmo ie not ain ricy plceo to entor in a breeoozeo; for ships of larlgo tonicago almost all im ''possiblo llrholrn. Oulsido--not ficr' outsido, bhut almost withinc wilndwardc huil of robust lhucgs in i loar weathoer--is aI lightship on the I)olcccdman's ',a c ank of lshifting and 0 as ictall i0s a trlap in heavy weathor. Ieltween the inild oand thie harboulr is tlhe fairway channol, woll icarked "for local pilots, andl :.outsilde the I'eadinan Lighit " the sIlately shipsc go oni : to their Ihaven under the hill," whore mud c nd treOeO unite. hut we ico l the skipper whlo misf.kckc the light, and takes litii Obc'rervatery Point for the "noirthoin beacocn ion lce, clifi! "iio rlus ashilore as sc i ure Ics S wes borni, cndi dici'. The stranger we iave nentiomlc nel Frnc'ed to ]kinow is cway, ancd passedi conidclntl.y dlong lheo nccrowc path cut by tlhe ccasct.guccrd's booti, and, if truth Iei told, boforo ti)em biy tihe s1mugglers, icwho had ci \'i c then at ileehylcomlib', leficre the rcaiwccay cc cmc in land to tlako cnway their g'cinsi, ca following. Ho stoplped uipon th cldown cnd giazed Iabot limi. oe looked long and stleuadily to wiudwicrd. Theno he looked over thie down, ias if ialf inclincid to crose it to the town, eome fow el cilcni away. lut whcther hlo had hind acny such intention ncmot cert~tinly be Inown, for he turnced, and, facing downwards, tlo sconded the cliff, stopping to cicmiro the glow of the setting sui thlct was dipping behind tie distant point into the hceaving sca. The baromoter was failing rapidly, and lthe rod glareo of thie csunc, c i auk in acigry erisson clouds, was a promise of wind and ltorm. Lower and lower dipped the orb of day', and recder icnd redder beo came the sea, which chaoppedl in short, angry crisp wcraves gcsinst the tide. lThe lishing boiat of Ioolchy conlmcc wore haulced higher cup thim usuai l on the pebbly strund. iThe owcors and their nctoes had collected in klols of hirec, and focus, cacd,with their hands tihrcst deep into their capaciocus IpckeIUs, woere discussing the chtnccs of i cou'-wcsltr before next morning's tide. Anyone gazing out to 0ea, cand steadily wacittchingg the gradually lessoning cnf.ucmanc of cricisono light, would not fail to pcrceivc ac tosiig, tcumlinrg olbject, which only boecmio quIite distiigiishablcco from thes grooeen wateor whoen it was lifted out of it biy lthe long swoll that rolledl oulsildo thle sanlds. Thict objeted was . th lightshlip. Miorell tian one pairui of ianxious cys wore fixed upon Iher ls the iIn wont down, and 011omo muttered that sh'd ibestl kcop her lights well dis played and hocr clelo rieady I.o lot go a bit if the S. clouda to windwari'd 'had ini ihem all they iiromnis.ial. '' The su dilppeld at Inst, cicd ias lte racylcss disec full : lowly to lhoc so, a Ircight, light w'cti up lv to he mset bcidc of the cvessel, \hcichli was alreadcciy plcung o in inthe "ground swell" eacused by thc windl of the day iefore. S Th he tendor 'll scarce geto oil' on lr'icdly, Tom," rmnarlked one of lthe sUmcII bc1eaforic cnttioned to his .cmato. A little lknot had gathered neaIr the boalts, and wcro smoking slowly. "I 'ispeat ol," reilield lheo man addiressed. "DIicki Richiards will be Iproper iangry, too. lI was kOept iwaitin' last time ling of the boot." "An' his good woman awac''itin' palrticilcr, too," remarked a third mcic. " coll, well, it's hailrd, but hie couldnil't do inughit if he was aishore." " It' a co'mfort somehow, I'm told, and only natural. lWhc, look'co yonder'--talk of theo devil , j ust now----' "It's 0young Skelton. Io'"s'down cgacin. I do hear hI'c bic t to collegei, cid hisi fatheOr lot'si him apiecnd piles o' mieoncv in horse racing and cards thoro S--yoet he don't lok 'it." laoisquit cnosugh hrc--warracnt him. Hlin father's colning down, dare tcy, to lt ie Moor. Well, tlt'cs curious, too. " What is, Tom i" icnqcircled .ihe third man. "Why, that st:lrange'r wr se on the ciliffl justl now nwa asa lko Frank U' crt.rcm's gihos, cas two pclis. Yo neow whalt Niomi says--ll:hat " w11en SkjOlton'sruins near. then iBrtrucm shaill appea'r." "And serve the s(jnilint rigiht., lie ruincedl them when hle were baylentf on thie estato. 1Io got all tihe cream off lthe Ilind, cand then tlhe cral stock h.lid to emigcrate. Least Frank lartrcm chad." "He married the sister, didnl't Skelolnci' " "Yec; he forced lccr by 'his li trccheros wcayS. ,Shi died, poor thing, and left thalt ion of lcrs cni like his father as 1an 1 io. Tlhoy 0y3 her ghoist aind her brother's chaunts thie farm o' niglhts." Aye, ndl yestor vco ,Jo was comin' down in dusk, and he soe the " dark man1 "-you Ihnow who .-laip thie wall. Jon, he took to his hIcls, not wishing to provoke thle Evil on6 to anger; for who can tell the consequoneos if he bhe crosseod? Ishould a' run mye?lf, I doubt." 0 course, o'roourse. But 8kcltonisafter no good i f this hero apparition be comin' about us we'1l1 see." . " At this moment a manj who had boon listening, came close to the group. Tile straonger, for it was he, had walked quietly up to the ishiermencn, and heuard their last remar resplcting the men they had been discussing so freely. "I beg your pardon,' he said. All started "Not at all sir," replied an old salt, without oaven turning his had to see who the now comr r was. "Not at all, no offence as I knows on." lie then withdrew his pipe from his month, and, cautiously turning rounmd, nodded plerlnntly at the now comer. The other men stood uside, and so per mitted him to entor the magic circle which repeated expoctorations had markod out with' almost maths. maticrl a?curacy. "Excuse me," said the stranger, seeing that the fishermen wvaitodifor him to speakL, "btI could not help overhearing a remarkl you mIade just now about two men hero. I wunt somne information respecting them. .Oan you toll me whethelor Ir. Sklclton still inhab~its the ?foor Farmn P" "Old'John 'Skclton'you meanm; mayhap." "Aye, old John-ho s shlioe, I boliove ," "Osuldn't inhabit Mloor Farm if a warn't," muttered another fishorman--one Blcrtly. "'No, Jim IBartleyi right for you. .He couldn't," repliod the first spelakecr. "But, sir,"' (this to the stranger) "John Skelton doesn't live there now. Ie hais ai grand hosoe up yonder at Cannonloigh-a fine pvlace it be. The ' Grangeo' he calls it.,'" "Then who lives at tlhu fearmP" asked the. otranger, pulling out a substantial pouch ;full of tobacco and handing it to Tom, who took it with thanks. " W"hy, no one," he replied, as he flUlodhis pipe and passed the wood on. "No one--inot since ah-not since the poor wife died--Miss B?rtram that was. Oh, it's illsnei a year soig." ' ' '" ' . "I)tad! is she dead " exclaimedthe stranger, "nd so long ago. I never heard of thait," hb muttered. " Ohl, yes; it's, lot me see, a matter o' oighteen years ago, oh, mates P (they nodded) since she was taken ill. 11er son, young Augustus, was himwowas speaking about just now." "Poor girl--poor girl i" murmured the stranger. "'To thinkl that I should have come back for this I " " Yor hIonour know the beartrsms, maybo ? " said ono of the fishermen, with ready sympathy. "I ,onw them all--ayo, know them woll-and Frank's young wife he left behind. She is not - Ijo did not fiiish his sentence, but looked inzquir ingly at the fices round him. "Ah, theore was a mass of trouble there. Tie was obliged to go over sea, or was transported, some say, but we never hoard the fUll rights of it. The wife sho loft here, and would harve done but poorly if 'twro not for Doctor Evans, who was kind to all. I0e's gone, too." "And--F'rankl's wifeoP Did ye nover hear of horP" "Well, sir, we heard; but ' seoo things come a long way round about. She died, they said; but no one henow--po r soul-she mnd--hor Iacby," "Yes, her laby--qulick I " The strlanger (was so etreangliy moved and anxious for the answesr, that tley all IIremarkIed it. " Wo don't rightly kinow what become of him. XVo only Iheard thaIt thero wv.s s child. Yo sooe, sir, it is long ago, and thingsii is'tl asll they was. If Doctor Evans was alive ho'd toll ye, for he 'tonded her." " Are you sure thait no one here can toll mo?" .. "No, sir; I don't believeo s any can. Thoro's so many nerw Ihands aboult, ye sco. Old Martha up at the farm msighlt. She doen for John Bkolton, but goes Iomee o' nights." " We I'liove the Ibllyv diled nnd wanberiod. But no onohnows." added anlotllser ealsn. 'IThlere was a rilheice for a few soecondo, and then the steranger slistributed srome silver amongst the men ore ho left them. 'Jlhoy toslchcd thesir lhats and thanked him for his gilt, anid ,noe of thsem said- If senyono cau till yor honour of tho fiacts, Naomi l'rveo is ish tihat can." '' lWho's Naomi ITryc F" asked the strangdr. " Sho's a mysteriouse wonman-a gipsy of the tribe that once livel yondor," replied the nman nodding at the moor scrove. "She Irnowns overything, and she has. told Jack Skolton's mnisfortuno that como." ' . "Aye, aye. Nlothinl' wont right for. a long time after his poor wifo's death till he went and lived iaway from the Moor Farm. ITo had to leave it, for, as is waell known, her ghost apponears in tie turrot room to remind him of hil ways. HIoe searcely vor: idare's to go near the old placo now, and tiloy:do srsy"-hlcrs Toi lovered is vecos - theoy do say that tise spirit hess sjsl s po to lhiml sind warned him tflit the true ovners will come bride and havo all hiii money." " Who says so?" iinquires tho stranger wVith ill. disguised gernessa..c. " . "'W y, NNaomi Bryco, the gipesy, has told young .'mos'sfortliuno, andour lion-- old lon Bowen, yo mind himi, nmayho-soon thie spirit ono night a resting on thes stones bly the gate.. Jolhln Slolton evill dio. ns soon asi the trio Bartram appouas's,' so thio gipsy says, cil, inlotes '" "] t'ars trno as wo're strinding hore--overy word of it," toid Jim, nodding approciativevly; "iind wo all believes it. Themn ravons lasn't built tlioro for notlein', noither !" " , .. .' ".No; nor.l the owl don't. ltoo- Whit liko it did yoster-ovo unless sonelthinsg's about. 'The . iorae in hleritedi, dreaIdful. I wouldn't go up tlhereio o' nights o' in the darkle for ill I could see 00 " " Aind ore' ,oo rsays thart lraenlk iBartroam was seeon about thcrs lhetely--that's Ils ghobst was; young Slkaltols earys h'llr go and tfy to tackle it." h'lo strmnger smiled oi~tuowhat bitterly as these rolenurls weoro made, and said: " ' can scarcoly ieliovo the ghost, I've seeon wvorse things tihan tIlt in wearmn climartes. 1 hould like to moot Naomi il'yUco." Th1e men oxchangeRodglrSamceos, andi a curious sonea tion of fear tlook possessionr of at least onei of tie iarty. lThe ev'ening had fallen sluddenly, tho gloom had doepons dconrcisidrably, the 'waves dnshld upon the bleachl iln a morea dueciecd rmanner, and the wind lhad rt warninr g colnrld very doleful to lhear. " Ols .ieci is coin' to thie Moor to-night, I hearr tell," si1id one mneee, aifter Ie pauise.' " WVeil I mist re offl," hi continused. " Wi\lt dl'yo thinkl of the sweather, Jim i" " Tie wind's biaclii' a bit. WVo'll have a puff' or two aftore long, lihouhlhbiet sureprised." "suro to ro a rtrtrrr, I should cay," remareod the unknlown, IIN he hiade the rothers good evening. " I'vo buseiness on my lenda' anid inmut be of1." " DIid yo hoe?r thait F" whirspered the nervours man ef the village to his sltoutcr conastnions, "'Tho dovil's lwaIys brusy il a gale o' wind." " Wh\\\rly, y fool, d'yo lakeihim for the ' darke man F' Joe, you'reo a hldlsurly, long, sliml-" "Aye, yo may cllnarnesrc," interruptesd Joe, but ho's the nrlan, or very liso hIim, I neo aforo. 'lThorler's someno thing wrong to night. LIook art the an, lirstro nto thie vwind, soe the birds--lwhy, rll's rtelling usr thrt tlhero's angeer aost. Aye, mate, lubbers or no ]llrbblrs, we '0lhsll have noiw' aforo this time to. morrow ! SSlowr your er?airng ja' tfackleo," oxclaimed Tom, in a trag,,--nmro than hlslI assumedec becauese t0e disemrl forobolings affected him moro than he cared to confess. "Stcw that! Good-nirght." "We'll meoet afore mornin'," said the "croakerlcr," eas the men seoplrated eahl on his wa'y home. 'Tom sihookl is heaId iand sauntered slowsly viel Ihe brrleakwaterr, lurehing frorm sido to side, and tacling occrsionally to crest cc glanco to windwardl as tihe bretze eo nse freolshening in from the seon, pulling out hiis groat trousers en he etood. 'J'lhce lightship rwas still dipping dooply, if the smovement of the rlnthlorn could be taken as arny evidence, as it revo'lved dsowly, casting a biroad geanm ovser the tunbling warter, whiclh ran swiftly ae slulice-like prast as lthe tide raced np the narrow chalnnel, slipping along tier zmooth sides, andl now rand then showering the supray ipeon the dock of the jka'rcoai. 'ITom shrook his head, ]ooled ulp at the cloudsi, ani walkeds home deep in thoeghlt, a an anxsious. On Iserd tho light six rmen woro mrakring all taut rndl trimr for tie niight, which promised to be "dirty.' Th'rc heavy clesllds to windward lhad mailOe ptreoelptible rlvrnnces, end thie tausismnil twilight, 'res bscemirg erapidly oilscur s eiiC . 'ihe gTeat w'ide deckoS verclr rlclllece cl nInh ('ir llrd, e nr'llornlrus Cleblo h1ad frro pcsages f'o lrnd erft, dcliplsins into lho sea aind rising upiwvth iash successive rorl, as if it wouv l pull up the masIsovr ~ enclhrer alnd drift raway to sera. Darker an c dlur'e'cr ceevw ice night. .'he light vrcent on its course unweei'riedC ; the winld vroso aeInrl, ton o'clck andrlscd thle nsea to flliry. h'11c glass hld fallen sieco trndrownr , and the feell gealo was alrcadly let, looss from the macrssive tcruulti thatt hung liko wool high p in the siky. A lower sued of Ilocy e'l.sd me nse thenl foresllnner of thie sto'rlll andh hero end theoro a sickly l ar potrl)cd 'out timidly, ibut et once withdcrow as tire rnld caoe driflinrg Ilnclward. From the ferriilo sands nit far off crnmo now nd agai rln tilhe roar of ireakinlg serf, a dirsmal mloean, rt soueird of dealth end eeComling trouebloe, nrld not to 'o lilkelsc to tho hiissing swishl 'of bretiing av'es tlhact ca'mt ],elashing and hopping greedily alongside, That dull, moaning somnd tells a tale when the wind is blowine on shore at Boechycombo--"dead ashore, Indoeed, as they will tell you there. Many and many a poor ship hlad those men aboard the lsght-vecsel seen go down within hail, and not a fig.er could they stir to helc beyond the beacon it:clf. "Such is the roule ! a midnight stlruck from thle clock in thle chllurch tower at ]teoh'comblc', the gale sconed to gather force. T'he aound owas horri-d over the cliff's, where the hiesing graes and wcds c r, telar imony teioo o tle fill- of the wild. TL'ohe ;ca roared in iIupon the rocks amnd slid in seethlling marcsccs up the iands and ,each, dragging pebbller tlinl.g into the next wave, only to abe da.hed back ag-in in wrath. The rain drove down in perfoect sheets of water, obhseuring the light tlut rose and fell in its faithlful watclcs all ll the night, Many an old hand rotice as morning caono on, and, going oul, tried to peecr through the pitchy darknessc out t ovta. What's that! A rocket Io Yies. The fiery ruc. menger otrusgglea upwards for a few occonds, and almost inmomdiately afterwards the report of a gun, whic cornmes flat agloainst the windoows on tIho cliff honuses tells everybody that there is danger Loff thu coast. It is two o'clock. Another gun! All the strong soafarirg population turn out to aid, if aid hoe pos. siblo in that awful sea and furious wind.- No life boat had they there, but willing hearts and bnrawny armns could do much with a roceht ppalratus and as line. Now a great shape was visible against the grey line abovo the horizon. A ship-i full-riggoed ship- cr,.se tearing mniadly onto her destruction. A fatal mirtako in the light--a fatal neglect oli sound ings-she was dooimed ! The patrolman of the sRotion triced to signal her to tack; there was just ai chanco that b1 a smart beat off she might weather the shoal. hho might stand away; but, no, it was too late. An attoemlpt was made to back her off, hut in a few minutos tl~o grinding and tearing underneath iher keel told the sad story. 'The pmnpo showioed nineteen inches of 'water in tile hIold ! All stil was now taken in, andl every instant groat suas camue dashinsg and roarilng highlabhovo tile deck, and sweceping overy movoeabldo thing overboard. T'lo affrighted passuengers hasotened to the pbop, snd from thence were driven to the main rigging, and in the mizen top were the captah, hIis wife, and a littleo girl. MIeanwhile the crow of the lihtshlip woero all awake and anxious. Tileoy burned blu lights, and in tho gleans thIe vessel could bo just soon like a shadow throughl thie darkness piercod by the light of thle laruing flroworks. From the shore a heroic oeffort wasmado to reach tihe ship in a lioatf, but the enormous rollora prevented ovory atteinpt, and the fisheormen wore obliged to remain- almost ntasivo siectators of the wreck. CIIAPTI'ER n. 0' o ' THi 'O??lls 'o0A Ts'.' 'Thu tuisuatesoetos wild osdQ high1, Thu wssvucalllt up hllr' voioo snud cry, r' oud miswori to tO ir igry ukh? DAvx;aoln showed tho porilous condition of Loe vessel; Theo gun was fixed and a shot fired, hbut it fell shorlt. A ocond aticmpt was more successful, and allno was carried betweeoon the main and mizon masts, Uat the tide advancing still made the posi tion even moro periloeus. Thu sailors took to the rigging with the line in their hands; and this wan, in a o0sno unfortunato, for, os they chose the mizen rig ging, whereo the captain and his wife and the girl wero clinging, they were necessarily moire ex posed to tho fury of the soas, which came swooping twenty foot high; but the foromset was already showing symptoms of working loose, and the devoted meon balhncedO on'the ratlinbs had to 'make great, 1and, as it isnfortunatuly?provod, usoless oefforts to koop their pocition. The scone at this timo was terrible. A few hun-. dred yards front tihe shore in a fearful seae, in open day, the vessel Ily stern to the waves, swept by enonnrmous rollors and smiutherod in the nraging smrf. Casks aid balos woro'oontinually washed out of lher; thIu masts gradually yiolding to the frigihtfui shocks of thle mI?isssa of watoi that tlundered high up her rigging and roro.ed in foLam to the beach, wetting spdLEtators to the skin. The crow ansd paasongrcm were still clinging in sadly diminishcd nuherso to th shlroudsl-ominous tLon for tiles, poor follows! One Ilgino hIold' somethiug like s hlesdlo. It woo ths girl we. mentionod; he hald Isakeln it fromiI the cstptalin's wife.. u 1t the line to lshorsn had piarted, arnind thIo.worl hasd tolh done all over ngain . Thiss! whip ' 'was hanule' backl, and aisithor line ept out,; andferLunstoly mdloe fast. 'ThLo blikeot or " buoy'?'was rigged and anlmost rody when one of the sailors fell into tlhe son, quito exhaussted. 'iThe exoitomneit on shioro was intonseo. LloThe enormous seas were breakling over tho shsip; a roscluo appoered alinost hopoless. A bravo crow volunteorodl to go Sout, aild a boat was actlally being gol reldy, when the foremast went with ai crslls, ctarrying ton persons with it into the foarful sea. 'lslo boat galllintly tried to roescuo them, but was hurled uip uiponll the beach like a corl, the crew narrowly oscaping death as it upsot. On the lightlship the excitemont wais no loss obsorvable, Ihad those on shore Msld time to notice it. "Old iclhards" was clhafling and faming at tho oight-pitiful eveon to aI " lllhardened seailn;" aind your seamaunn is wondro l piifuil teoo, though ind exporieonoe shows hisl isny io ghts as sorry Is that we aro ttllempting to describe. liclihards was on tenter-hooks; andl, at asct, in defilncO of all.ruleos and rogulations, he dlotermined to mikieo an eftort. "'i'll save thlat chlild and its lmother', Bill," Ie said. ".Ifi had only young Allis Iohero we'd do it 'atwccen us. " Yo can't go oLff this ship,' Dick Riichards," saiid the muto in chalrgo. " It's iagainst riles." "Rules! Whalit ruleaP I oeld rlslosP" asked. icishards, contemptuously. "Ayo ; the rules of t;his here service. Lifo and death yo can't go overboard. 1 shonors ye for it, Dick, on my soull; I shares your feelings, but orders is oroder, snd disciplino - " "Disciplino be----; No, T won,'t curse the service," saiid lRieharda correcting ilhinsclf ; " but, look her, imate, I'm sI fathser-lieastways I expect to be ill a few idays--nid if you think as i I'm aI i goin' to let that child iand hber mothee r drown while I cun prevent it, you're misial;.on, mllto. Now', lads, who's right ?" "Yon be, Dic,, you le !" cried the men with eone accord. " D)ick's rigiht, sir." " Confound ye, ye lubborsh , dion'st I anow Ic's right; and that' what'saon my msid ! I can't 1yL yogo, )ick; T cian't; on muy sol I cIan't; 1ut hlere---IlInlmeI C I'll go below asnd yo can do as yeo like. I'11 give yeo cooanlaind ise next afloter ine, sd I'll not rleport it. God blies ye, Riiehardsl; here I'llboend is linlu on for ye, lad. Look alivo! 1Ioro's ii lifc-t,.so"." 'l'ho matei , straggling betwvcen duty all hslmanitli Ihandeld oit Ia touaigh line, aud went lelowi to pallo the little eailin, land to piray fervently for Dick's success, wishing all t(i timse tlhit disLciplineo, nnd his position as replonsiblo oficer, did not ilnterfere to provout Ilis assisting. But lhe couli not. rlelmsain below. Richiardla wllt eofi in thie small lifoloiatl withl one man, a stalout ropo round hi is sit land holuhlders. In is aecoud the liair 3s bravo meon iwas hidLden from sight., iand igains rose iafter ain anxioells mloment on theL crest of a waveo, that in its turn hurried them along, iand carried the bohiats ais torrific pac towards the shore.. Richards still hold on his vesntursesemIlO course. Ieo wias Hoon from the shore, rod heartlily cheeredil. "Ii a few minutes he was lost to sighst freom the lightaship, asnd in fuill view of the shore iand of the nhip. Was it possiblo tshat he could gain the dock P The seer was so high that it seeoomod an impossibility. Th' boat was likle i cork on the waves, but if the waveo did inot breal;, lichards was asppisrently suro of a footing, for he hopt his glance fixesd ulponsl certain portioen of the poop. On camo the boait--the lwavo bouent down.as if to breakc . .hltd it curled over, sns its prodccascor, all would halvo beon loat,; bst for tunsttely it came on uinbrokel n to within Is few yards of othe usuel. 'iThen, andl not till tlhen, did Riichards ani his compianioln move; lhcy rose with the sea, andl mde as dcsplelratoleap into the rigging. 'lThe boat waCi dashed iagaiinst the msust, ntl thle splinters were swept .to ]and, whlile Itiehhards olnd his mate werlo in saftly, hut clinging to the miizon rigging for very' life. All thisi time the men on slore Ihadl boon bIsy, too; the cradle Ceais riggesd up, sand a lino rove. 'L'he ocrw woreo in iposession, ned Ili-.l]rdl, lullowing the uino of tlhe ipllarafau, dirolted the ilapllication of it. Te'ho cradle w\a haulhd on botrd, unid l)ichk tookl thie clhili and lirt her into it, clingingi to the shrouds is nhe did so, iand wilsheld-oulst his lgs extlended to shlore its hoo grilppod tLhe ropesl. 'lTho girl was liaced in the cageo isafely. ''lon Dick attemptedl to rosseO the icaptain alld ils' wife. Neithltr respendlid. They wore dead! Ilicaton o10 death by the seal Ilrror.ctrickecn, Riclhardln called to a yoSnig lad andl pithiml, Ilthough with great difficulty, in charge, I'h ]pair of chlilhlen owere haIiuled thirough the ilcrf uand afely lirolned. 'lThe poor lad dli hii dulla ty min fully, and svaed i the little girl. rut lihe liieilf suc cullslhid. elo necvel' i-c'coerled the shocl,. '.L'lo child \- s near to death's dilr las puosilllo to bie ilind live- Cwas hiurtled wayl ; thL lad wrs aClso attended to, but ibeing iweakly, he only sur,'ivcd two dave. The storm increaused, DJu'knesa Et iln sod mralo the scene moro awful. T'ho paseengere were all drowned---some as they aot in the cabin when the ship etruck-moat in the rigging. IRicharde and a fevw iell cam? altsholre on spar.s ait la?f, and wero barely reeti ed by the belachmen in a moest exhlatei:d condition. 'the lust line hnlft oat on it joulllrneoy slcceeded; lewo men Cne1rl in thel cradle, aid were being hauled ashore, but whein they werii half-way acro(,s, it. wac founrd that the(:y hlaid neghleeted to cut tho line "ihind them, and so tihey renminced euspslndled inl tlhe nrf. (Great elf rs were mlaide,and a lo it, the st.l.rain broke the shoro-linle. The unfortilniato nien w(ere .t once ewept away, anld of all thi crow and )Ianeongers but, two men and a young girl wereo h:aved. Tho bruisted and dlisfgur.ed bodice of the poor people weree clast tahoare neat dlay--miny mnilee Iaway froum lthe place where the ship lhad brolian uc. Nothing living remained upon thie wreck ehen ihe Loeganit to goto phieces, and next morning the mizrn muiet came ashore, thle bodieas of the calptuin and his wife still clinging to the liroulds! 8o perished the Qoeen if ithe Soluth and her gallant crow and unforhminato prasiiangero. 'The bodiea aero interrod at ]leoclhycombo, and the little Ihdly rescued by Richalrds was tlaken to hil house until enelh tinL ai nowa concerning her should ho forluh1oming. CIIAPTEIt III. PARTTLY RETITOSI'EOCTIV:V.-THOOO VA0NINGu. S "Locloel, Loouhiel, bewaro of tho day." iot. Jo'iu SutLuoO was catood in tle black.-room at the leoor F'armo while the events reocordlod in the first chaptor wero oassoing upon the bac:ch. Hie wA alone in the room, then lighted only by the declining sun, which cast at glow through oomoo stained glass uoon the floor. and formnod what a loperstitiouO person might have said woo like to bloodl in a pattern at his foot. But "Ol( John Skelton" was not esuperstitioos. io had come to his farm-house, no he was wont to do, for business, to oco an old lawyer dOOeep in his confidenco--a sharp, hungry-facedo practitioner, a man whoO ver chi won w to llIa('hprlcIh , Iand who madeo his charges as stiff as his aged joints could maklo them. Josiah Hlu'rrison was, as we said, deop in old Skolton's confidenco, and in all hlis ccrlets of tho pnat. 1Ho was a nshrowd man of ibusiness, not too ecrupulou whlere moneoroy w0as to 1e madc, nor in tlhe mannor of its madking. le hal d assistedo John Skolton in his deep-laid plans when, twventy years before, Skelton, then a bailiff upon liartrham'0 land, had, by skilful choeating and manipulation, h]opt down the pricoes of his master's crolps o1r sold flhem for his own, pocketing thloe gains till hoe was ablo to tumr thelo old marn round his finger. Theno he cajolod himn into letting l him the Moor Forno, which fo, by vtoady Work and cultivltion, at thle expconse of his employer's other acros hald so lprepared for his recept on. T'hie older Bartram acquiesced, and, fuoll of (riumlph, Skolton took possession. Thle owner was fiast. going to decay, and Slolton modo a hold stroko. IHe pro poseod to free tohe mnan he iad so systematically ruined, from his debts, if he would consent to his marriago withl Alice Bartroam, his only dlughtlolr. P'oor Bartram 1had no clhoice; arnd, notwithltanding thIe potelss of hisl daughter and his son's thrctH), the wily solrpent gainoed his ends. I[o mtrricdl Alico in 111 hero youthlful lohouty, and thoughlt he hod done well. So ho hd a fiendos mnighlt do. But Fl'oank lartrnam, ber brotlheor, had threatened him, and 'Frank wasm in tlhe way. Io would, owhcn hoe came of age, bo in possession of the Moor Farm, foo' the lease would thlon expire, onil the yobung man made no secret of hisl determoioiotion to turn out Skolton. But he little know with whom he hlad to deal, Unfortunmatoly Frank Bartram was fonder of amnoement than of formling, andl Skclton saw this. l'anklc was then quite a young man, rand when one day after he hald boon carofully pumpedby his anstuto brothor-in-ln, so man0 y yeaonrs his sonior, the lad confessed he was in debt, lod bogged for assistance. lo hald beon occretly mnorriod. This help Skolton ldecidedly refooOd, point blonk. ITo did it with a purpose. Iis lfiendish mnind had laid a train, and he lkncew inmpletuous Frank would soon apply the fsoo. The youtlh was no nmatlch for the grown-ulo scoundrolel whlo hadll robbed the father rind lhadl stolon thie daughter. Skelton placedl temp totion in the boy's way. I'rcossed l oroly, and in fear of discovcery, whlichl he hnlow would kill his fathor, l'rankl foll inlo thle not woven aroulnd his foot. Io cashed a heavcy chlcouo intrustedl to him by Mr. SkHelton, orntd led; one lbot iontervieow with his sister, who in 'vain piileded for mercy from her brutal husblnd. " No," soid Skelton; "he must poaytho penalty, or leave thle country." oFrank had no choico in thle motteor. Rinaed, dis groacod, heo tolol hio foather all, and fled. 'lThe shockl oond thle disgraco coon told upon tho doting fatler, who olied within tfl year broken-hoartled, laving the farm and all ho could to .his daughtero for her life, :nod tlohen to his only anl beloved sono Franolr, lshould over he rotuoo. This will did not much trouble Johln ihkelton. lie was in possession. He waso nmorried to the dloglhter, and all hoers was his. So he prospoered as the wicCked do, and1 the prloperty yielded fully to lis lhand. ]le lhadno no remoorn odonoa0 regrets for the lives anood pro spects ohe had lsacrificcd. He holievod nothling, feared nothling, cared for no one hut himself till, owhenonhin oon was boornl, ho transoferred somlo oelf interest to him as0 tlhe future owner of his woltlh. lllany a tiame diod lie attempol, to oomako his wife transfero the suoccession of the l'oaro to himo. BUlt sho . was firoc. She lived in sonoo leopo tlhat IFrntnk would return, ando thou ho woo uhl soc:cood, or le might inoarry (olhe said), oodlo hiso boy soeceeol. /he did not know. but ohe had woedldedl, and his child-wife, it owas olod, lhadl died, leaving a son0 to the parish or to "H·crvon,. Tho pirishl cortoinly did not ohave it, or it wouldl lhave quicklly diedl. 'The goold dloctor whlo atlenlded tho poor seorvant girl, whomn wildl young Frank had "loved not wisely" and aflterwards hald secretly married, tool theo boy, andl halt him nured by buxlom Mrs. Lanyard, down at Bocohycombc, and kept young Iaortramn's secret. T'his no o0110, not 0even John Skelton, know all the facts, and an hfe carcely ever mixed withl the flihlor-folk, or opaid oany attention to thom, young Amos grow up unnoticed, ocaring his ropuoted foather's name of Laoonynrdl, in the plac of a little icklly child thalt lhad loft his parents for a better world just then. But lohnl Skolton'n wifo did not live to s0o her brothele rcetrn. Slhe faded and drooped, and Sltolton, lord-hlearteld, did not care for his gentlo wife whom he hoad pluckeld and tossed asideo 0soon n0 o lo had worn the swooet flower for a lwhilo. Alice faded andl drooped day o y day, end he took no notice till one morning tloo doctor was senot for in 1ut0o ; 1bot alltco latot A little owailinog cIry'e,a. rmothor's soft carooUes, of tihe blby lhandsl for a few short winter days aoroCused her, but the little baby droopeld na her poor mother ohad, and one night it yiohled up its little lifo in a kiss upon the mothler'o lips. Alice never roso from the hotd from which they took her baby-girl. Shlo was catrried out; andm lidl lbcOsidol it ou the aounoy slopes of tho hill facing the distoant ceol slhe know and loved eo w0cll, soomo fooew miles froom lOloycoml o- in hiranootnO CIIhurchyard. S lonoehow, filer her deconsoe, thlings didl not seemo Io prorspcr with Johln Sklelton. lie got oa had name. ltuoouor-- thatounporcelotiblo informatiion often wrong lbt tornetimroas very near the fruth-attlribultoolcortoair olcisgo to M1r. Skolton. lieo wis shunnlo d, nd dis. tl:ustod oat lcechycomoloo and in tohe neoiglioourhood. I'o mkoo nmat tors worosc, people lwhisporedt thoot ho hald murdlered his wife, onod tliot, he' ghost had been soon hy beloted tlravollor!o litting obouot the farm at midnight. '.lhloero wooas a ecrtoin turret, sorrounded by a blolcony, whelro o was an nocient looll, andl below tloe boolfry 0a 1crrace ,rond a tank, whiclh hold the wato'er for the house, fed by pips from tlhe roof. oUp ihn this tunrret shi':t ge sholnooo had leou sooen, anld ncollony nooic hcoorol ool; and rIopLorts o000n roachocd Joln Skelton'o oars, but hie lhgl-hed at tlhem as at oll elsoe. By and lby, as time rolledl o0, the ruuoura goto settled ilto shapeoi, ond songs woero mntdu upon the murdor--tlhough all in ieoclhycombo kneow how Alice died.--andl gipsy tramps prolphesied evil upon Skolton anud his house to moot the bloolOlr deoomnd for horrors. T'hus to rport th lo athe buybodios hotd tlhoernsolecn not alout mclno oiotk in lshape, w0ro re. ceivcd disguised aao truths, andl carried abouot from ploco to pllaco as " goupol." oot rnotwithslltanding ovil roport, lthe old man con tinuod to transltct lLoH boousineo as moLhodot ically a00 Ovel. lie ket his p1)ap0rs in thle o rrot r00oo1n, inlto wlolloh no one but he over poonctrated now. The terrot was hoeld in 0awe nd roverence. Up that broken 'vooolon stairoway leadicnig to the galleory but one poroion 00v0r oUoondooed. No oyes but old Johln's hod c'or gazeld foom theo riolottly ondo'greetn Iond rotten fulony ouorosso the down land out to sea, since Alice nud her baby died. Sho hodlbiveod nd died up thloro, ond fromr the now mouldering walls her babeo'n Ilst cory had choocd iu tho old boll above, nol thoen r0 mloineod qulito unlisttlurboed. It was I greoVwstoe sp1t01 this turreot-grass grown 00 tho nhmoot Iolow,and greeon with wooeeds as the pond w'ithout (.hlo gato in thie Ilimol goardon. 'l'loiong it altogether theo form house was not a clherful reisidence. Theu treoon surroundiong the old buildingo creakedl and sway'od on windy nighto, and rven the old deep.tonguod bollon such occaooonB would give forth t humnming Bound that chilled the blood of nervous paI?sengers. No one lingered in the ncil. hbourhood of Moor Farm after dark. The riiiumour i that it wa liauntied was sullicient to affright Ihe villligcer, and so John oSkelton thad chosen the place for hiis i?rcret interviewi., and as a depesitory for his mlone y and his evil doods and I)rchnionts. Ilo had only arrived that ifternoon, and even his hitirto cniiiiprehsionabllei nalture h;ad beon toluched iaild m1ldlo t(o shrink by it tramping gipsy. T'hi wornan has llen already nmentioned. 0As lie wa3 vwalking his hobrmo down thie cteep and etony lune, Naomi ialppri':hti him and gazed intently in his face. ilo aiked no aliti, butll. Mlrck by tir nlmanner, lie tolitid her uearolw!;ly a ,hilling-an unwoontd gift for him. But she let it lie upon the road, lind with all the nmytery of her race, ilhoe wiarned him solhmnly that, hi woealth would ea ;on piM;n from him to the rightful ownier of t.he lnd. " IBoware, woman, how yeo threiten nme," retorted Hieltoi, annoyed tIht hi' gift lhad boon ignored by at bieg!gar, as lie concidered ier. " thrcaton not," replied the gipsy, calmly; "but you will do well to mind my warning. When BIrtram returns to BeochYcombe, itho ' Slltons shall quickly disappear. It an old faying, nt.d wrill coml to 'pas."' 'Bartram is dead," replied the old man.' "I have nothing to fear iovn if the property were not cmy own by right. I'In not such ia Billy fool as to ho frightened by your jargon." ieo passed on; but for all his outward composuro hi felt strangely agittecd tat this roncontre with the gipsy, who joined it tall dark man and procededd on with hiim. When old Skelton roached the dilapidated farm hourni li found his lawyer awaiting him. " You've got the will and the other documents, I suppose? AWe'll have old Mnartlh and your clerk as witnesses. Corno in." 'The throo mon-theo farmer, the lawyer, and the clerk--entered the house. Tho old charwoman and the young man ailixod their names ias directed, and then the confederates wero left alone-to dine. The frugal meal dispatched, they fell into con versation, and it not unnaturally turned upon tlh gipsy. John Skolton told his companion what had ptisoed and affllted to laugh it off. But to his astoniihmoent lHarrison did not Aocm disposed to make the interview the miubjert of ia jest. " Why, man, you don't believo thi rubbiih, do you P I thought you had more spirit! " And yet there was a dull tension tat his heart, and he rather dreaded Ilarrison's departure. The lawyor defondod himself from the chargo of cowardico, and soon after rose to take his leavo. Then Skelton pressed him to remain. But lio refusod. "I must got t home-tho evening in stormy, and will Noon be dark. lll vo to cross tle dow n,reomember, ain I don't like to be there after ounsot-not late, I moan." "'Voll, I supposo"you must go; but wait one minuto. jJust como and soo that all's right, will you P " They oxamined all the windows and the doors in company, and then stood talkingt in thel hall. " 1 suppose there is no doubt thlt your nioco, Florence, will marry your son ? " "Oh, no! I'll to care of thlt. Augustlus istoo well drilled to rofuso--and eho can't; lshe knows, or will know, that my brothor's fortune is depondent upon me. Ilo owcoa ime too much already." "YOe; you'vo played well. Hlis land will ropay youl tnl times over soon, if rumour be corroet. Thoro's gold in it! " "i uash! not ia word of that. Sho'll be an hoiroes. I'm only giving her a tithe of wlat he will give her. I have made tlhe match. Tho money will be hora or mino--depend upon it. I will forecloso upon the land if rumour be true, and send Augustus out. Wait and eoo. What ship did you say she is oxpoetod by ?" The Wlolverine, duonoxt week. Good-night.' " Good-night. It's rlather chilly, isn't it?" " Rithelr. I slill seo you to-morrow, I supposo P " " 01, yes; for certain. Good-nightl to you." llo shut and carefully lociked and bolted the door, not without Hsoni d(ilill;nty, for the wind was boisterous, and the bollts were rather rusty. Ile had mnado an iapplointmleot for to-morrowlo ; and, oven ias lh haId madi it, ai text whic lie lad till then for gotton for years callie into lis mind : " Yo cannot tell what a day may bring forth." "Curse that woman," muttered Skcolton, as ho manil his way bhaeNk to the 1itarlolur. " Sho hlas quite unhingod me." Il I lixed a tumbler of branudy and water to re-animato hlis drooping courage bofore he atll down. His plans woro well laid. lLo had placed his brother uInder great pecuniary obligations, and litcly oven forced money upon him on the security of his land, becaiuse toe had hcardl that gold was to bo found there, .No onoe had over pursued the Hearch ; blut lhe intended to arrango tho match between the cousinH, and retain all the money he could for his own use. The blrother had mado no objection when John Skulton oll'ered to educatoe is daughter, and trituted to a mutual liking. Forco was to lbe a list resourore. On this mating of thli cousin l had the pltrcnts not their minds- anid seals. So all was apparently arranged. John Skolton bad mado his will, and put it up in his fire-proof box with all his secret hoards in his turret chambter--the lihainted room. Why, of all nights, on that night did the memory of his wifo nndl his conduct to her brother rieo pll within his mind to reproach him. As hoe sat gazing upon the embers of the fast dying fire, the storm increauing outside, lie fancied ho detected a stop upon the garden path. llo sat upi and list(nedl ! W'o havo said that Skolton was not a nervous nor ia suporstitions mant, but ihe did not feel very com fortable just tlhn. Ilo roos, and, pulling aside the shutter, looked out. lto coull distinguish nothing but Iisi own faco gazing at him from thl outsido darkness. A dim light was in the sky, and, aIs Iis eyes got acclustomed to ltlo gloom, Ile could porceive the headland and lloe ligltship tossing in the break ing sea. Ilo pot baclk, and fastened the loshttoro, anid murmured as lie resoumend lis iotat "l ahl! It was only tlhe wind." It was not the wind! For just then the gust died R1tW'y, and Iagain the step upon the gravel was diH tinctly lheard. John Skolton stood back behind the shultter, as he opened it once more. lie looked intently, and this time he felt a sort of chill fear as he distinctly perceived a tall figure approach tho window and loolk in. Tho intrtder than turned to the door at the roar of the promiseaI and tried it. It was locked. John Ikolton breathed moro freely. luth he yet felt no fear. It never occurrod to hoim that anyone would rob him. loe was armed too; at loeast his pistols woro clono by. ult all tlings considered, ho thought he would put up his paplora and go to bod within reach of the Ialarm bell. hlut jusnt ho ho had arrived at this conclusion thore was a loud Imoclting at the front door. IIo hastily clonsd and barred thle ohuttors, nd taking a lighted candlo, proceeded to nocortnin whoa his lato visitor might bo. The olock struck ton. (To be confinced), )JCEN, -Glasgow warehlousn. SalesIman: ",Vo nent the box per .Dintra CI.'tl/c two weerk argo." Doigahl Macintosh : " Shut so, shuit so, but hli'll never found It, and imyiie she'll pc no addresst right." Salesman: "It was aildriHeed to ' AMr. DugIld AIInclntoah, merclhant. Tnrburl, Inrris.'" iDugald Mliiclutoi : "Shust tlht. Thait's the oilier ])Dugild Macintosh, the rnmcal, but I amI1 Tugsld MIclurtosh, Esquire ! " PIIINCEi IBISHAiCK OflOCU not. iniIc maRttcr w?\' lie, walnts his oll waiy. To secure tieuhe isuccss of his par|y in the forlhecoing election:s he lies aalltoned tile e.xpnditure, by lthe Conservltivces, of Ihlf a million nlrla; Io provide aimusementic i for the votiers of all lthi Bhrlin ditricts, thei ostnible rieaslon beling lithe celebra tion of the baittle of Leilizig. Votes itn Berlin are evi dently imarlttcible coumiiioiliies. A IIAIIR.lI'IIS , crost-exmniniing a ewillOne ill Dublin soiimewhat rdeily, asked hin if he lihd niver beeii before a police- eourl,? 1" Yes," caid lie, " J was fined for aill ,s! alllL; it l ll ir l o lleia oel ll ic l i by (rTO .-uOXllniillr all lhat I bilockied lii ili iowt whell lie Caiile out of tho colrl." A MFnrIlCANT, being ihurried, called upon a wacggish ieiighllour Iti oiier lday, anitl iobking if he had : ilpare chlrk to lend himu , wacr rifeerred to a very thin young gintlemtant with a pen bellidl hin ear, as being Ihr A Iml:tis dttlcctivo Ihat just iheen ordered to pay £30 is compenaiition for ita breaich of promise of tiirriige. It. showl at grplt witil, iof initelligence in a nlinber of the (forlo lthu lhe waI nrot lable to proveo 1lt1; it wao l Hillly a cieee of mui.ss-arel 1vileniotll.h "MoTllEn, you ti nllstn't, whip 1no for lrunlnilng ial'y Ifrom school tIIy mnore !" " 'Whly ?i "I il'ieioe iimy nclhool-bookl; ays tlit lants ;ire tlie mlost illdustrioiil bleings in tli world ; nd Ain'itl I a Ir-anti?" "l'olly, box hti Tinl moot famlous nn well as ttlio niost peraisot11on exhibition of turnery w ts tlhat of Dncstmlina, of whtlom Othllllo stated, " Sir, shle cnri turn and tur,. and yet go oi adiii turn ngailu." 