Why Bja He Wed Her? BY BIBS. SOUTHWOBTH. A.UTEOB OF 'THE HIDDEN HAND,' SELF MADE.' 'THE BRIDE OF AN EVENING,' &c.; CHAPTER SXXI. — A Discoveby. Sis first impulse was to call aloud to ask : cWho are jou? What are you doing here?' 3But liis second thought led him to sink back on ftris pillow, lie still and watch ; for he perceived that the intruder was a woman. . She came nearer still, and raised the taper up taitil its full th-ough i'aint light fell upon her face. And now O.eve Stuart recognised her. It was Mary Pole. He saw that she was fast asleep ; fcwt her eyes were wide open and staring fixedly t yet seeing nothing ; they were as the eyes tof th? dead. * A. somnambulist V murmured Stuart to himself, ps l\e watched her in some little awe, for he had fcei-ver seen this phenomenon before. Remembering the danger of suddenly awaken ing such a sleeper he lay very still, scarcely Ibreathing, but following her with his eyes 'She came up to the side of the bed, set the taper on a little stand that stood near the head of the bed, then took up Cleve'a trousers, felt in his 2-oeket, and drew forth a bunch of keys. Then Bhe took up the taper again, and moved down the room to where the large Saratoga trunk {stood, locked and strapped, and ready for the van iirt the moraing. She drew a fiat-bottomed chair forward, placed the taper and the keys upon it, and then knelt iaiown before the trunk, which she began, to fcnstr^p. Clv,ve Stuart., cautiously raising himself on his felb^w, watched her as well as he could from that Itur-tance. When she had laid off the last strap Bhe Reached for the keys, unlocked the trunk, and Raised the lid. Stuart nearly tumbled out of bed in his efforts ?fto lean far enough to see what she was doiag1. 2He would have gotten out and crossed the floor in Ihis bare feet, but that he knew the boards had a jihabit of creaking under footfalls, loud enough to i'wakea any sleeper ; so he only leaned as far out -as he could, and watched her as closely as possi ble- What was she after ? . Oh ! He saw now ! It was the pretty little ;l-ox of embroidered pocket-handkerchiefs that he iiad brought from the city for Palma,. She took out the box from the top of the tray, laid it en the chair, and then locked the trunk, laid the keys with the box, strapped the trunk, and finally took up the taper in one hand, the little box and the keys in the other, and came Iftck towards the bed. Cleve Stuart sank silently back on his pillow, fend watched her with wide open eyes. She set the box and the taper on the little ?stand, took up his trousers again, found the 'pocket, replaced the keys, and hung the gar bnc-nt over the back of the chair. Finally she took up the box and the taper and moved off with itliem. Stuart had to turn all around with his face to 'the head of the bed to watch her now, for she was going towards the mantelpiece that was standing parallel to the headboard, though several feet far ther towards the front. Here she set the taper on the end of the mantel Tpieee, and came around to the side. It was an old-fashioned wooden frame, very large and clumsy. She stood on the side nearest 'the bed, fumbling at the wood work. Presently a small door opened under her touch. She pushed ?the box in and closed the door, which shut with a snap. Then she stood up and 'stared around the room, evidently seeing nothing, yet seeming to observe if all were right. Then she went and took the £&t-bottomed; chair from before the trunk and set at back in its place. Finally she came and took the taper from the anantelpiece, crossed the room, opened the door and went out, locking the door after her and withdrawing the key. Cleve Stuart lay as if stunned for a minute after the somnambulist had disappeared. He listened for her retreating- footsteps, but could ?not hear a sound. She had gone away as noise lessly as she had -come. She moved in her sleep as silently as a shadow. How had she. managed to enter the room ? he ?wondered. He himself had locked the door and left the key in its place before he went to bed. How, then, could she have got in ? He determined to investigate the matter at once, even at the risk of disturbing the sleeping Palma ; though he hoped to be able to move about without waking her. He arose cautiously, felt jibout in the dark for his dressing-gown, found It and slipped it on, felt for the box of inatch.es on* the stand, found it, and struck a match and lighted the wax candle that stood near. Then he glanced at Palnia, saw that she was still sleeping- soundly with her . back to the light, and her face to the wall, and with a sigh of relief that he had not roused her, .. he crossed the room and looked at the lock of the : door. The light gleamed upon some steel object half buried in the white wool of the door mat ; inside. ' '' It was the key of the room. He stooped and picked it up, and then he under stood how the somnambulist had come in. She \ had pushed the proper key out of its hole so that it fell on the soft mat noiselessly in the inside. tThen she put in. the chambermaid's pass key, to 'which, she had access, and so had unlocked the door and entered the room, and she had locked ; the door after her by the same means when she went out. Stuart replaced the ^ey in its hole and then look his wax candle and went over to the mantel : piece to investigate the secrets of that end cup [board. It was in the elaborately wrought frame | work of the old-fashioned fabric, and might have I escaped attention from any one who did not know tof its existence. Yet it was not hard to open. pThe timbers had shrunk, and the spring- was easily ! found, being partly exposed. : Cleve pressed it, and the little door flew open. He held the candle close, and saw first the box :of pocket handkerchiefs. He took that out, and I laid it on the mantelpiece, and then held the ^candle in the cupboard to see what else might be sfchere. A.apectacle case I He took it out. opened it, and found the spec tacles whose loss Mrs. Pole had been bewailing .for a month past. , He put his hand in, and touched — another case ! :&. wild hope that he scarcely dared to receive darted into his mind. He drew it out, tore it open, and there, flashing in !»» eyes, dazzling I^g icight, were his diamonds '. He could scarcely, repress a cry of delight and amazement. He gazed at them, feasted his eyes ion them, for to hi-rn they meant comfortable pro /srision for bis delicate wife for the winter at least. : He removed everything from, the little cup board. There 'was notbiig besides the articles already mentioned. He laid the spectacles on the i mantelpiece, but took his keys, opened the trunk and locked his diamonds up securely, and hid the keys under a comer of the mattress, lest the sleep-walker should take another fancy to 1 jnake a nocturnal visit to the room. Finally, he blew out the candle, threw off his dressing-gown and slipped into ' bed, resolving for good reasons not to say anything to Palma or to Mre. Pole of the night's event. But there was no more sleep for him. He heard the clock strike every hour. When it struck 5 he arose and opened a side window that would not let the light in directly on Palma's face and awaken her. Then he dressed and walked out on the piazza. The sun had just risen, and was shining through the trees on the higher mountain's top. The house was actively astir. He walked up and down for about three-quarters of an hour, when Palma came out dressed in her travelling suit, except her hat and gloves, and joined them. * '£«-u slept well last night, dear ?' * I never woke from the time I lay down until I jrose this morning.1 ?'.;.-. * Happy sleeper. I have good news for yon, «tear/ : 'What is it?5 * I iaro found the diamonds.' . ?Oh,* ato- exclaimed, catching her fcmtL * In a little secret closet.3 ' A little secret closet. What closet ?' ' In the end of the mantelpiece. I will show it to you when we go in ; not now. There is the breakfast bell. Come, we will go in. But stop. Where is Mrs. Pole ?' * Why, there she is now. Just going into our room.' 'Hasn't she been in there before this morn ing?' inquired Stuart, keeping his eyes on the motions of the woman as she entered the chamber. ' Oh, yes,' when I rang for her she came to wait on me.' ' Has she been alone in the room this morning ? Did you leave her there when you came out ?' ' No ; she has not been alone an instant until now. Before I left the room I sent her to hang my wrapper on the line, to air it before packing it away in the bag. And she has just brought it in.' Cleve Stuart saw that! He had not taken his eyes oil the woman 6inee her entrance into the room. ' But, dear/ said Palma, reverting to the pre vious question, ' I am so delighted that you have found the diamonds ? How could they have come in that secret closet ? I never even knew that there was a closet there. Did you ?' ' Not until very recently.' ' But how eonid the diamonds have got there ?' ' Some one must have stowed them away for safe-keeping- It was a very secure hiding place.' ' Did you do it, Cleve ?' ' I have not the slightest remembrance of ever having done so/ he replied, evasively. ' Tet, of course, it must have been you. Why didn't you think of the closet before ? And how came you to think of it this morning ?' ' I was making a final search before giving up the room,' again replied Cieve, not untruthfully, but evasively. ' It is well you thought of that-. Oh, suppose we had gone away, and left the treasure to re main hidden, perhaps, a hundred ypars, until the old house should be pulled down, and no owner found for the jewels !' ' Well, but, dear, it has not happened so. Now go ia to breakfast. I will join you in a few minutes,' he said. * But why not come with me, Cleve ? You were up earlier than I, and must be hungry,' she inquired, lingering. ' Because I am waiting — But go in, dear. I will follow soon.' Palma left T»m with a smile, and joined the group of ladies who -were going towards the breakfast-room. Stuart was waiting — --waiting for Mrs. Pole to leave the bedroom. And, meantime, he had not once taken his eyes off her. He now seated himself on the bench behind one of the window shutter3 that was folded back against him, and from which covert he could watch, unseen, every motion of the woman within the room. He did not suspect Mrs. Pole of having stolen his diamonds. He believed her to be thoroughly honest. But he wanted to support his faith by ? confirmation strong as proof from Holy Writ.* So he watched her closely, feeling somewhat humiliated at playing the part of a spy, yet justi fied by the end in view. Mrs. Pole moved about the room, picking up and folding garments, gathering combs, brushes, slippers, and other things that had been in use since the trunk was closed, and packing them into a carpet bag. She never -went near the secret closet^ nor even reached her hand to the mantel shelf, where she might have, found her missing spectacles. Finally, having closed and clasped the bag, she left the room and locked the door after her. Cleve Stuart felt much relieved. Yes ; he had believed 3iez- to ba trustworthy, or rather, he believed that he believed this; but he was in wardly rejoiced to have Ms confidence justified. He came into the hall as Mrs. Pole was with drawing the key from the lock. ' Good morning, sir/ she said, with a smile. * I thought you was at breakfast, and was just agoing to send this key to you by one of the ?waitresses ; but will you take it now ?* Cleve took it with a word of thanks, and went, on to the breakfast room, -where he dropped into? the vacant chair that had been left for him beside, his wife. Nearly every one else had finished and left the table. * I have been thinking, dear, that you might prefer going to the city by the steamboat/ he said, as he took his seat. 'Oh, I should! So much! But I thought there was no boat to stop here in the morning ?* she exclaimed. ' There is one touches Lull's Landing at 3 in the afternoon; if you would not mind getting into the city rather late we can go by that. ' I should be delighted ; for though there is no moon, the starlight is so brilliant at this season that the nights must be splendid on the river/ * So be it, then. We need not leave here until after lunch.' They finished breakfast, and went out on the piazza, where some of their fellow boarders, who were going away that morning, stood in their travelling suits waiting for the stage to come around from the stables. ' Hadn't you better put on your hat, Mrs. Stuart ? The coach will be around presently/ 'We have decided to remain for the boat/ Palma explained. ' Oh !' exclaimed the other lady, and the con versation dropped. The hotel stage, drawn by four horses, and driven by Jake Lull, came rolling around to the front of the house. The passengers that were going bade a hasty ^ood-bye to those who were staying, and took their seats and drove away. 'Cleve and Palma returned to their room. Palma rang for Mrs. Pole, who, naving finished her breakfast, soon made her appearance. Stuart explained to the good woman that they were not to leave the house until half past 1 o'clock, and that they should take the 3 o'clock boat from Lull's Landing. ' Very -well, sir/ she replied. \- ' And now I have got a surprise for you,' said the young man, reaching for the spectacle-ease on' the high mantelshelf. * Here is the lost treasure that' you have been so long -lamenting. ' * Lord sates!' exclaimed the woman. -'Where did you find 'em, sir ?' . . 'Guess/ lie said- . ' I couldn't to save my life, for I have searched every- inch of every place and could not get 'em.' ' I found them right here. Come and see/ said Stuart, leading the way to the secret closet at the end of the mantelpiece, and pressine the spring until the little door flew ©pen. '.-'??.. ' The Lord bless us and save us \ What a hsAel It makes one think of ghosts and old castles and subterrambulous passages and things 1' ex claimed the woman, peering into the closet with genuine amazement and* curioeify. ?'? ? 1 Did you know of this closet ?' 'Never dreaniea of;it,«ir! And hovr did iiny specs ^ret there? I begin to believe in spjerri^B?/j * Well, you have eomething to think about] now/ sa&Btusri.; ., 