All Night in tho Assembly. From tho Observer wo take the following amusing account of the *' stonewalling" night in the Aesembly. It is fall of amusing incident* not recorded in Hansard or any where else, nod is too (good to cut down, therefore wt give it at length There are lots nf comedy about «" stone walling" eight, Imt nothing of the heroic. Even the historical time when the Irish seven blocked the wheels of British legislation for nitty hours and made the Nationalists a power in the British Commons is stripped of all romanoe when one thinks of the scene. On one side, quorum after quorum of sleepy dis gusted members whipped into the House« on the other, a trio of long-winded orators, talking against the clock and exhausting every imaginable form of Parliamentary procedure in delay. And still less heroio was last Wed nesdays proceeding of the Queensland legisla tive Assembly, for the majority fled the field when the contest was still new, while though Sir Thomas fan faronaded shout abstracting " as long as his followers would stand by him,' be wisely withdrew early and left tho burden of the night to his trusty lieutenants, More head, Hamilton, and Blaok. They are adepts at the garoe, who would gladden the hefttt ot Parnell, but even a fuuerel would becfi-o ridiculous if engineered and commented by the witty member for Balonne. VHES THE fcn heoan. It was about midnight that the res! fun began. Not ton moved tbat progress be re ported, bnt the Premier couldn't see it that way. He wanted to compromise, bat the 1 clause had to be settled that night, and upon that line tbo Government battle was fought. He offered everything bnt adjournment, and, naturally enough, the Opposition would listen to nothing else. Then began a_ series of episodes which lightened the waiting hours. Mr. Brookes is a faithful benchman, He says very little usually, but he has a secret hiding place somewhere in the building wherein be abides and thinks a great deal. He ia of little or so use when tbs ehfeft crass swords, and the tear benches join in the fray, but he is as tnnoh good as independent Donaldson or kicking Kellett when division bell rings and every vote oonnts. Then be never tails, and he always votes straight But even a worm will turn, and BOAT BROOKES lUEHSU when be heard the member for Port Curtis dare the wrath of his deity. Into the mtUt be sprang. Mr. Norton was aoting ridiculously, he asserted; his conduct was atrocious; it was a disgrace to ths House, There u » limit to all things. Norton s blood was up; he forgot his usual jcourfcesy, and turned like a tiger on William. He asid that the junior member fot 'North Brisbane had crawled cat of his lair, from the bole where ha usually lay hid till the bell rang, to comment upon nil oonduot. He thought-- but this had touched Silly's oorn. He frantioally sprang to Ins feet, ana appealed to the bbair " 1 have the floor. Mr. Fraser, annonnoed Norton, " the member opposite is oM of pi^er." "Bat he's talking of my {>ertanHlabiis<.,&t; Fraaer," whined the appSJsnt'|*'be's gw jip right to Ulk of what ! Jo "The honourable member apoke Of me peraonallf," retorted Norton; " and Tm goiog to talk o! bin." " Ordtfi Owefi Wg out the member for Balonne. "Sit down, sit down," commanded 8ammy; but/Biuy wouldn't. M X won't sit down V he shrieked I "Mr.Fraser! Mr. Fraserl" ? ..??? But the Chairman of Committees had been so badgered that ho hardly knew what ^ was right and what wasn't. He adopted .a middle course sad said nothing. ^Norton proceeded, and Billy was subdued. But as he listened to the terrible castigation that the nsniber for Port Cutis proceeded to inflict, when M heiri nejd np to ridfotilOi, Ms Mwwto instated, Ids pdnohaot {or this Uiok 4*ughod at, his blood boiled again and'be atrove to interrupt and be heard. Bnt Norton would not stop, gave no opening. It was a A LTVUfG C1S10ATVVB to see the member tor North Brisbane, his hair ereot, his brow glistening, his £soe wd, crouohingon his seat, end ootning tb 'Us net ever; few seoonds on|y to crouch again. His hat fay by his ride; his stick, enolasped by hands and knees, served as a leantogpw; b» foamed at the month underthe lash of Norton's catting sarosim. "I msy b® ri diculous." said the member for Fort Gurus, " bnt 1 don't by to ooii round* stioV, ahdrm not a jhmping.jaok. I might he * jumping jack if I had a aUek to help ttenpand oown, tot-" it was too tnnofi. With a mftrtb howl, Billy dished away the canv grabbed his hat, sprang from tbe e!srato4_bO!M* 3ik» S deer, and rushed out of the CHiawberbJr the neatest door. Both aides of the House rowed with laughter, and the merriment hid eoaroely subsided when the division bell, r»ng for w first time. mmmn XHsi&eitX.; The House divided, and stfllobstawUotl went on. Hamilton, the Opposition whip, organised his men, and prepared to fi arsis the enemy. One by one the Oornnmsnt members dropped out tul only thirteen WMioso. A quorum is sixteen; share were tuns Opposi tionists present, and Government. whip WW thought everything safe. As if by magio, the Opposition seat* were clesred. M'Bwraith, Norton, and Chubb strolled out together. Black wandered through the rear asm Govett disappear^ somewhere. Hamilton and Lissner quietly stepped ontslde the bar. More lull gently requested the chairman to oount the House, ana then bring so guorui%the was rung. . In they streamed f»Da|wwmH and ver&ndaehi; JJbksou ruihed in Mtha flan smile tbat changed to ;a frown when be heard jibe Oppositionlaughter. - McMaster owns with 'a rasli that boded no 'good lo anyone that stood in his way. There were twenty-five good_msn and true who marshalled themselves behind the Premier s there were twtntj-flveflisgnsted men, who found it was a county not a division. _ And vet Bailey didn't Seem tohoJji bis men in band. live, minutes afterwards Hamilton cleared the bouse of trof .Oppositionist bnt Black, and again secured a count, but two sub* sequent attempts were failures. Bailqy posted himself at the window and kept up the sixteen. Twice a man dropped in as the Opposition amp* tied the House down to fifteen; twioe the Gorsmtaent benches wore jubilant, ana twioe whl^Bailfy etnilBd the sweet smile ot prangs j M'HAgrBB SBEAKS TflS ICE, It was not Ibflg before the hero of fortitude Valley distinguished himself, before the cham pion of the cabmen fell foul of the redoubtable Morehead and covered himself with exoit^ ment, perspiration, and glory. ' The member for Balonne it was who sMght the combat, who crowded John into * oorner, and would bay; stripped 6B the laurels he to bravely won. " I am as mtteh, or aeerivas onoh awpresWta. tive of Fortitude Valley as tbe bob. mefflbsi' oppMite," cUimed the wit of the Honse. John flushed down to his toos-this claim was blasphemons; had he. not tho' oertififlate of eleotlon ia his pookstf W*s not the eve of the world upon hlmf Qufak to bis lips leapt the denial emphatic, "Ob, noVyou're not," qnotb John. "I repeat it, Mr. Fraser," persisted the irrepressible, "I represent AW elseton and the member opposite only represents 718. This was worse and worse. It needed an over whelming disproof, and it got it. John dido t know it was polite to get UP5 but^he straightened his legs out in front of him, "Oh I no you don't 1" he ehontsd vehemently. woa that settled it. _ . ? . ?_ Thenceforward John was free of fto Honse, was an altorei m(in. He scowed telie doro and sleep as did the testerthefeithfoL U would have .been an bsalt to, the mjesty of tho Assembly to have etaok Ms ntimber thir teens up en tho bsok of the forward tot, Mae farlane fashion. Bat he squatted on the cwMone, aottewhattf to Turk* and f bools affectionately. H« moved to too froot cross>bcnchea. aod he glared at tno obstruct (ionietf. Ail through the night ho clang; to hit post, and as long &B; the clans of the Grovorn ment tallied against tbe Opposition ranks bin while panti were tbs orifUma that led them to victor;. Bat mien Black got reading old reports of committee proceedings, and Morehead'e con stant chaff no longer kept things moving-for the right band man of obstruction retired to rest and to recruit TUB KIQIIT GREW WEARISOME indeed. The Opposition are men of tbe world, men sooh at are fresh after a ball and okn so for a week with little aleep, but the Ministerialists were in woful plight. Hamil ton waa as fresh as o orioket, and gave them no reat, raising a dispute every lev minutes to relieve Blaok, whose power of sustaining a conversational debate seemed, with that aid, inexhaustible. Griffith dozed under bis tilted hat; even Bailey slumbered; the rear benches lay at fall length dead beat. In bis chair poor Mr. Fraaer sat like a martyr, thinking, doubtless, that his £600 was hardly earned. His whole soul yearned for a soft bed and a quiet room; lie could have lain down thankfully on a plank. Up in the gallery the Barnard men whispered and waited,^nstbomatising the whole thing, but sympathising, no doubt, as reporters always sympathise, with the weaker side. In the reporters room the Courier men lay on hia back and anored as be may have snored when the Russian guns thundered upon Pleraa; the Ttltgrnph man ronmed round the gallerira liko an unhappy ghost, wondering if politics were expediency, and If life waa indeed worth living. But still Hamilton hammered away, and atill tbe division bell rant*, and still tbe chieftains disputed; tor motion after motion was made ana point after point was raised. Heavier an^.heaviergrew Mr.XVaaer't eyelids; be looked at the Wrong books for authorities, otderedlhe 'Serjeant to divide instead of to ring the bell, Mid tbe ayes had it when they hadn't, and still the Opposition kept as fresh as ever. To crown it all Morehead oame back with bis ceaicless chaff and provoking irreverent humour. He disputed Mr. Fraser's ruling, laughed at tbe Premier's indignation, j and pUyed la^t #nd lpo*e with the power that defends the rights of tbe minority. X RtttOTl/OUB EPISODE. On tbe last division but one a ridictilon" episode ooonram. It was a motion to report progress, on wfcioh' tbe Government should hare voted*'®?." ''Dazed with look of deep tie Ministerialists kut atill, .'thinking for a moment that (hey were on tbe right side. > Quick m a flash Hamilton saw theehanoe, and the word being passed along the handful of obstrnctionurtJ, they prepared to vote " No" to their own moffyn. Just in -time Miles awoke I to the trick which was being played. With a growl he walked round the table; M'Master followed him, and, amid general hilarity, everybody chasjeHsides. BBBASIIW DOWN. But tbs liberals wen breaking down with wantof^le^p. rand.xns, Jiy-one they rebelled again ettbewmp. "'BlamnislowaellVeiysTiOwod him still nnweariedr Morebead was fresh; Moll wraith had hkd a night's rest; Nelson At tiheitr glaafnitfjipfa iba< ftifitersffpiQwt Bailey notified hil oftM? tbs^, M<^dhqlc| oqt, no lover. Hamilton: s»w:-that the hour h»<l Mmefotibe final, chuige> jlrew off his cohorts, ariiW^wheail,, abiding alone .on the Opposi tion ,f>«^ti,iaeman3i>d , a'opunt. ,Vainly the division hell oiled to the faithful to rally round iblPitfoiaroBCt mort. ..Clangaj itwould it eouldiiptds^ togmis n quppun, and, omid the boistentia (lee o( ihe Oppositioti, the Gov «mmeiir,attsmptJto Una the land of an organised minbnty«nded in a eonht but 