Hand and Rmg. BOOK I. THE BKILt OP iS.AETICT. " A hit, a very palpable hit."—" Hamlet." He found it occupied by some halfdozen men, one of whom immediately attracted liis attention by his high- bred air, and total absorption in the paper he was reading. He was evidently a stranger, and, though not without some faint marks of a tendency to gentlemanly dissipation, was, to" say the least, more than ordinarily goodbokiug, possessing a large, manly figure, and a fair, regular-featured face, above -which shone a thick crop of short curly hair, of a peculiarly bright blond colour. He was sitting at a small table, drawn somewhat apart from the rest, and was, as I have said, engrossed with a newspaper, to the utter exclusion of any apparent interest in the talk that was going on at the other end of the room. And yet this talk was of the most animated description, and was Boemingly of a nature to attract the attention of the most indifferent. At all events, Mr. Byrdconsidered It so; and, after one comprehensive glance at the elegant stranger, that took in not only the personal characteristics I have noted, but also the frown of deep thought or anxious care that furrowed a naturally smooth forehead, hepasetd quietly up the room,»and took bis stand among the group of loungere there assembled. Mr. Byrd was unknown to the habitues of that place, and no cessation took place in the conversation. They were discussing an occurrence slight enough in itself, but made interesting and dramatis by the unconscious enthusiasm of the chief speaker, a young fellow of indifferent personal appearaace, but with a fervid flow of words, and a knack of presenting a subject that reminded you of the actor's power, and made you as anxious to watch his gesticulations as to hear the words that accompanied them. . " I tell you," he was saying, "that it * was just a leaf, out of a play. I never saw its equal off t'ue stage. She was so handsome, so impressive in her trouble or anxiety, or whatever it wa6 that agitated her, and he so dark, anri so determined in his trouble or anxiety, or whatever it was that agitated him. They came in at different doors, she at one eide pf the depSt and ha at another, and they xa'Bt just where I could eee them both, directly in 4he centre of the room. 'You!' was her involuntary cry, and she .threw up her hands before her face just as if she had seen a ghost or a demon. An equal exclamation burst from Mm; but he did not cover hie eyes, only stood and looked at her, as if he were turned to'stone. In another moment she dropped her hands. ' Were you coming to tee me?' came i from her lips, in a "whisper so fraught 1 with secret horror and anguish that it curdled my blood to hear it 'Were yon coining to see me?' was Ids response, uttered ia an equally suppressed voice, and with an fequal in. tensity of expression., And then. withont either giving an answer to the ther>- question, they both ~ shrank m t back, and/turning, fed witk'distncted looks, each by the way they had comB, the two doors cloeing with a sitnn!- taneous bang that echoed through that miserable depot like a knell. There were not many folks in the room just at that minute; but, I tell you, those that were looked at each other as they had not done before, and would not be likely to do again. Some unhappy tragedy underlies such a meeting and parting, gentlemen, and I, for one, would rather not inquire what." " But the giil—the man—didn't you see them again before youleft ? " asked an eager voice from the group. "Tbe young lady," remarked the other, " was on tlie train that brought me here. The gentleman went the other way." "Oli!" "Ah 1" and "Where did she get off?" rose, in a somewhat deafening clamour, around him. "I did not observe. She seemed greatly distressed, if not thoroughly overcome, and, observingher pull down her veil, I thought she did not relish my inquiring looks; and, as I could not sit within view of ber and not watch her, I discreetly betook myself into the smoking-car, where I stayed till we arrived at this place." " Hum!" " Ha!" " Curious!" rose in chorus once more, and then, the general sympathies of the crowd being exhausted, two or three or more of the group sauntered up: to the bar, and the rest sidled restlessly out of the room, leaving the enthusiastic speaker alone with Mr. Byrd. " A strauge scene!" exclaimed the latter, infusing just enough of seeming interest into his usually nonchalant tone to excite the vanity of the person he addressed, and make him more than ever ready to talk. " I wish I had been in your place," continued Mr. Byrd, almoBt enthusiastically. " I am sure I could have made a picture of that scene that would have been very telling in the gazette I draw for." " Do you make pictures for papers'? " the young fellow inquired, his respect visibly rising. " Sometimes," the imperturbable detective replied, and in so doing told no more than the truth. He had a rare talent for off-haud sketching, and not infrequently made use of it to increase the funds of the family: " Well, that is something I would like to do," acknowledged the youth, surveying the other over with curious eyes ; but I haven't a cent's worth of talent for it. I can seu a scene in my mind now—this one, for instance—just as plain as I can see you. All the details of it, you know; the way they stood, the clothes they wore, the looks on their faces, and all that; but when I try to put it (in jiaper, why, I just can't, that's all." " Your forte lies anntlier wny," remarked Mr. Byrd. Ynu can present a scene <so vividly that a purson who had not seen it for hi'iisels. might easily put it on paper just frmu y.>ui' description, See now!" And -lie cuught up a sheet of paper.from the <l-sk, and carried it to a side table. " Just t'*ll me what depot this was in." The j'oung fellow, greatly interested at once, leaned over the detective's shoulder and eagerly replied; "The depot at Syracuse." Mr. Byrd nodded, and made a few strokes with his pencil on the paper before him. "How was the lady dressed?" he next asked. "In blue; dark blue cloth, fitting like a glove. Fine figure, you know, very tall and unusually large, but perfect, I assure you, perfect. YeB, that is very like it," he went on, watching the quick, assured strokes of the other with growing wonder and unbounded admiration. "You hare caught the exact poise of the head, as 1 live, and— yes, a large hat with two feathers, sir, two feathers drooping over the side, so; a bag on the arjn y two flounceson the fckivl; a—ohUhe face? Well, handsome, fir, very handsome; straight nose, lar^re eyes, determined mouth, strong, violently agitated expression. Well, I will give up! a photograph couldn't have done her better justice. You are a genius, sir, a genius I" Mr. Byrd received this tribute to his skill with some confusion and a deep blush, which he vainly sought to hide by bending lower over his work. "The man, now," he suggested, with the least perceptible change in his voice, that, however, escaped the attention of his companion. " What was he like; young or old? " '* Well, young—about twenty-five _ should say; medium height, but very firmly and squarely built, with a strong face, large moustache, brilliant eyes, and a look—I cannot describe it, but you have caught that of the lady so well, you will, doubtless, succeed in getting his also." But Mr. Byrd's pentil moved with less certainty now, and it was some time before he could catch even the peculiarly sturdy aspect of the figure which made this unknown gentleman, as the youn? fellow declared, look like a modern Hercules, though he was far from being either large or tall. The face, too, presented difficulties he was far from experiencing in the case of the lady, and the young fellow at his side was obliged to make several suggestions, such as A Bttle'more hair on the forehead, if you-please—there was quite a lock showing beneath his hat;" or, " A trifle less sharpness to the chin,-so"; or, "Stay, you have got it too square now ; tone it down a hair's breadth, and you will get it," before he received even the somewhat „ acknowledgment from the other of: "There, that is something 8 like him!" But he had not expected to succeed very well in this jparfc of the picture, and was sufficiently pleased to have gained a very correct notion of the style of clothing the gentleman wore, wbich, it-is needless to state, 'im-'m&iKbtlb;' heejsott.expression <jt;t6e*-i^aigae8- ; asculine fade^ was'&ol.; " 5 f^arkable bit of work, ' admitted; bewftung fellow when tlie wbolo ' ^ • • - «And as true to the 8cenej~<»o"as ^^ illuB^aB" tioM given in the weekly papers.^ Would you mind letting me have it as a souvenir ? " he eagerly inquired. I would like to show it to a chap who was with me at the time. The likeness to the lady is wonderful." But Mr. Byrd, with his raost careless air, had already thrust the picture into his pooket, from which he refused to withdraw it, saying, with an easy laugh, that it might come in play wittt him some time, and that he could not afford to part with it. At which remark the young fellow looked disappointed andvagutly rattled some coins he hadin his pooket; but, meeting with no encouragement from the other, forbore topress BIB request, and turned it into an invitation to join him in a social glass at the bar. To this slight token of appreciation, Mr. Byrd did not choose to turn a deafear, So the drinks being ordered, be proceeded to olink glasses with the youthful stranger, taking the opportunity, at the same time, of glancing over to the large, well-built man whose quiet absorption in the paper he was reading had so attracted his attention when he first came in. To his surprise he found that person just as engrossed in the news as ever, not a feature oi an eyelash appearing, to have moved since the time he looked at him laist. Mr. Byrd was so astonished at this that when he left the room a few minutes later he took occasion in passing the gentleman, to glance at the paper he was studying so industriously, and, to his surprise, found it to be nothing more nor less than the advertising sheet of the New York " Herald." " A fellow of my own craft," was his instantaneous conclusion. But y a moment's consideration assured him that this could not be, as .no detective worthy the name would place so little value upon the understanding of those about him as to sit for a half-hour with his eyes upon a sheet of paper totally devoid of news, no matter what his purpose might be, or how great was his interest in the conversation to which he waB secretly listening. No ; this gentleman was doubtless what he seemed to be, ft mere stranger, with something of a serious and engrossing nature upon his mind, or else he was an amateur, who for some reason was acting the part of a detective without either the skill or experience of one. Whichever theory miftlit be true, thiB gentleman was a person who at this time and in this place was well worth watching: that is, if a man had any reason for interesting himself iu the pursuit of possible clues to the mystery of Mrs. Clemmens' murder. But Mr. Byrd folt that he no longer possessed a professional right to such interest; so, leaving behind liim this fine-looking gentleman, together with"* all the inevitable conjectures which the latter's peculiar' manner had it- . lesiBtibly awakened, he proceeded to regain his room and enter upon that contemplation <:f the picture he had' just made which was naturally demanded by his regard for one of the persons there depicted. It was a vigorous sketch, and the slow bluBh crept up and dyed Mr. . Byrd's forehead as ho gszei at it and realised the perfection of the likeness he had drawn of Miss Dare. Yes, there was her form, her face, her expression, her very self. She it was and no other who had been the heroine of the strange scene enacted that day in the, Syracuse dei-Gt; a seen® to which, by means of this impromptu sketch, he had now become au nearly a witness as any one could hope for who had not been actually upon the spot. Str.inge! And he had been so anxious to knovr what had altered the mind of this lady and sent U-r lack to Sibley before ner journey was half com-, pleted—had pondered BO long and vainly upon the whys and wherefores, of an action whose motive he had never Expected to understand, but which he now saw suggested in a scene that seriously whetted, if it did not thoroughly satisfy, his curiosity. The moment he had chosen to portray was that in which the oyos of thetwo met and their first instinctive recoil took place. Turning his attention, from the face of the lady and bestowing it upon that of the man, he perceived there the horror and shrinking which lie had imprinted so successfully upon hers. That the expression was true, though the countenance was not, he had no doubt. The man, whatever his name, nature, calling, or history, recoiled from a meeting with Imogere Dare as passionately as she did from one with him. Both had started from home with a simultaneous intention of seeking the other, and yet, at the first recognition of this fact, both hod • startodand drawn back.as if death rather'than life had confronted them in each other's faces. Wh»t did it mean ? What secret of a Jeep and deadly nature coold lie between these two, that a scene of such evident import could take place betweeu them ? Be dated not think; he could do nothing but gaze upon the .figure of the man he had portrayed, tutd wonder If he would be able to identify the original in case ne-ev»r.metliini. The face was more or less a failure, of course, "but tho form, the cut of tie clothes, the manner of carnage, and the general aspect of strong and puissant manhood which distinguished the whole figure, could not be so far from correct but that, with A hint from surrounding circumstances, he would know the man himself when he saw him. At all events, he meant to imprint the possible portrait upon his mind in case—in case what? Pausing, he asked himself this question wiHi stern determination, and could and no answer,. . ''* wftl burn the sketch at once, and ^VT •HMMU .her>no more." he ^utt^ Wf^og. ^ v ' {To le mtimud.J ^ 