PRESBYTERY OF SOUTH AUS TRALIA. The annual meetings of the Presbytery of South Australia were commenced on Tues day, April 5, at 10 o'clock, in the classroom of the Flinders-street Church. The meeting was constituted by devotional exercises by the Moderator (the Rev. James Lyall). Sederunt—The Moderator, the Revs. J. Gordon, A. Law, R. Mitchell, I). Paton, M. A., B.D., T. Gray, J. A. Burns, J. Stewart, E. Rorke, B.A., A. C. Sutherland, M.A.,B.D., and J. Hall Angus (Clerk of Presbytery), ministers; and MessrB. A. Barratt, T. Mit chell, W. F. Hughes, M. Spence, J. Murray, jum, J, R. McGoll, J. Johnston, W. P. McPherson, and T. W. Fleming, Elders. Commissions.—The following commissions 'were received and duly sustainedPort ; Adelaide, Mr. James R. McColl; Spalding, Mr. H. McCallum; Mount Pleasant, Mr. J. Murray, jun.: Jamestown, Mr. Thomas Mit chell ; Port Augusta, Mr. A. Barratt; Wal laroo, Mr. James Malcolm; Monarto, Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C.; St. Andrews, Dr. Robertson; Nairne, Mr. M. Spence; Wood side, Mr. W. F. Hughes; and Goodwood, Mr. W. P. McPherson. The Moderator then delivered the usual address on retiring. We quote the following passages from it'" For three months past my circumstances, in consequence of personal and domestic affliction, have not been favourable for the prepara tion of such an address as you are en titled to expect from your retiring Moderator, yet I cannot leave this chair without offering a few words upon our past experiences, and our prospects, our hopes, ana duties in the future. The year which has just closed has witnessed many changes among us; in fact, more changes than we have had during any previous year of our history. There were four ministerial members present at our last annual meeting who are not with us to-day. The year had but commenced when one of our number was stricken down by death. Two ministers have resigned, one of whom has entered on an inviting field of labour in the sister colony of New South Wales—the other we hope ere long to welcome back from the old land, to which he has gone in quest of health: and a fourth has obtained twelve months leave of absence also on account of health. Considering our small numbers, so man; changes have undoubtedly had a discouraging effect upon us, and have thrown a somewhat heavv burden on those among us who are in a position to render help to vacant congregations. But we have reason to be thankful that to some extent the breaches in our ranks have been closed. We have among us to-day two brethren who have recently entered on important spheres of labour, and from whose ability and ex perience we have reason to expect much. A third brother of established reputation and ripe experience may shortly be expected to take charge of the new and promising Church at Norwood, and with the blessing of God we may hope that these brethren will not only be successful in building up influential con gregations in their own immediate districts, but also in helping us to ex-tend the influence of our Church throughout the land. Our prospects are in some respects better to-day than they have been tor some years past. If we receive the wisdom to know what we ought to do and the energy to do it, and if we are supported by the intelligent and prac tical sympathy of our people, we may hope that before long the Presbyterian Church may take a more efficient part than she has hitherto done in carrying on the work of ChriBt in the colony. Our great difficulty all along has been to obtain suitable men for our vacant posts. The home Churches have not always been able to help us in our need, and the supply of young men of ability and education from the colony has been but scanty. From information we have recently received we believe there will now be less difficulty in obtaining well-qualified men from Scotland. We have just had an illustration of promptitude and liberality on the part of the Colonial Committee of the Free Church in the appointment of the Rev. A. C. Sutherland, and it may be well for us from time to time to avail ourselves of their wise and generous assistance. There is a' large sphere of work open to us. There are many places where adherents of our Church are located where we might supply the ordi nances of religion. If suitable men were forthcoming we ought to be able to plant Churches in various important districts. There must, however, be a spirit of enter prise. We must 'expect great things and attempt great things.' We must venture somewhat. Of course, we shall require the support of our people. We cannot extend the boundaries of our Church; we cannot plant new congregations and sustain them; we cannot train men in the colony or bring out men from home to minister to those congregations without means. Our congregations must be taught that their duty is not finished when they have sustained the ordinances of religion among themselves, but that they have a duty to perform towards the Church as a whole— that the strong should help the weak, and that the sympathy and half of the whole body should go forth towards the new causes which may from time to time be established. We are persuaded that if this matter were put before our people clearly and earnestly they would respond. The fact that the income of the Foreign Mission Fund has for the year just concluded amounted to over £340 shows that when our people are interested in a cause they will contribute. It will be necessary during the course of the Sresent year to press this matter of the Home lission scheme with some degree of earnest ness, as from the obligations we have under taken an increase of funds is indispensable. We have a scheme on hand to raiBe a capital fund of £5,000 for Church extension purposes. It will be well for us to take early steps to raise that amount in prospect of the jubilee of Presbyterianism in the colony four years hence, and surely out of the wealth which exists among us a sum far exceeding that amount may without difficulty he obtained. For the present, however, it will be necessary to do our utmost to raise what is needful to meet the liabilities of the year. There is one subject of wider interest which has engaged some measure of attention, and which will demand even more earnest atten tion in the immediate future; I mean the subject of federation. Several Conferences have been held, and a scheme has been drawn up by which the Presbyterian Churches of Australia and Tasmania may, without interfering with the autonomy of each other, enjoy the advantage of a common constitu tion and of common rules and forms of pro cedure ; may have a common standard of ministerial education, and may carry on under the direction of one Board the great work of heathen missions. A final Con ference is to be held in Melbourne in little more than two months, and unless some unforeseen difficulty arise the consummation may be effected in the course of the present year. It will be necessary for us carefully to consider the whole subject, and probably to send it down to our sessions and congrega tions. Various advantages may be expected to arise from such federation as .is proposed. The united Church would be able to take action on matters of common interest. Such a mission as the New Hebrides Mission could be managed better and more economi cally, and the formation of a common standard of ministerial education would be of the greatest value to the whole Church. One thing which we and onr people very much require is enthusiasm—an enthusiasm resting on an enlightened faith. Anything like, doubt as to our principles must neces sarily tend to lessen our zeal and to hinder our success. The' unrest which has of late been so prevalent in the theological world has had an injurious influence .on Christian enterprise. Men who are always examining the Ifoundations of faith are not likely to make much progress in rearing the super structure. The men who accomplish any thing for God and their generation are men who believe. The system of doctrine we are called to teach is one of which amid the conflict of opinion we have no reason to be ashamed. That the salvation of man has originated in the sovereign, free, everlasting love of God; that it is through the all-perfect sacrifice offered by the obedience unto death of His only begotten Son; that those who receive Jesus are freely justified and become partakers of the life eternal—these, briefly stated, are the leading features of that system of doctrine which iB held amongus; and whilst we give all credit to brethren in other Churches who look at the same truths from a different standpoint, and acknowledge that even in regard to these doctrines we are sur rounded with difficulties on all sides, we maintain that better than any other our system interprets the teachings of the Word of God, and is fitted at once to meet the re quirements of the sinful soul and to build up the believer in faith and holiness. Our system of Church government is also cal culated to draw forth our hearty loyalty. It rejects all notions of priestly authority and sacramental grace, and not only places all its ministers in a position of equality with each other, but also regards them as persons who are to have no dominion over the faith of the disciples, but who are to be helpers of their joy. Better than any other system with which we are acquainted it secures on the one hand the dignity of the Christian ministry and on the other the rights and liberties of the Christian people." The rev. gentleman next combated the opinion that is gaining ground that long pastorates are undesirable, and he referred to the power of the Holy Ghost as being indispensable to their success as a Church. He then proceeded: — " There are many things around us and among us which are calculated to cause us anxiety and to stir us up to call upon God for a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost. We have no wish to take a gloomy view of the state of religion. We do not imagine, as some good Christians do, that matters are rapidly growing from bad to worse, and that this is bound to be the course of things till there is a visible manifestation of the Lord from heaven. We sincerely believe, notwithstand ing certain appearances to the contrary, that the world is getting better, and that the kingdom of God is making progress. Yet there are things which are fitted to produce sadness in our hearts. There is a widespread alienation on the part of large masses of the people from the ordinances of religion. There has grown up around us a spirit of luxury and frivolity which has unfitted many for every thing like serious thought on the grave re sponsibilities of life, and of its isBueB. It may be questioned if even among Christian people there is that earnest endeavour to sanctify the day of the Lord which we be lieve to be necessary to the healthy main tenance of the spiritual life. There is an increasing difficulty in obtaining properly qualified persons to work in our Sabbath schools and in other departments of Chris tian exertion, and there is reason tofesir that the number of persons who from time to time are led to avow themselves on the Lord's side is very small. The Church needs to arise and pnt on strength—to realize more fully the responsibility under which she lies to her great Head and to the world—to set herself with renewed earnestness to the work given her to do, and to prosecute it in a spirit of humble, eprnest prayer for the out pouring of the spirit of Goa." Mr. Lyall con cluded as follows:—"A good many of the evangelistic agencies of the present day are carried on outside tbe Churches and not always in harmony with them. Now we must heartily rejoice in every case where human souls are converted from the error of their ways and brought into the kingdom of God. Yet it is most desirable that the con verts Bhould become associated with organized Churches, that they shonld be in full sym pathy with those Churches, and that tbe Churches should fnrnish them with the means of spiritual improvement and of Chris tian usefulness. Perhaps we have been to blame in too much leaving aggressive work to be done by outBide agencies. Perhaps we need to be shaken somewhat out of our dignity and to be made to feel that our work is not done when we have ministered to the comfort and edification of our own congre gations, but that we must bestir ourselves for the salvation of the ignorant, the ungodly, the immoral around us. That Church is likely to be most prosperous which concerns itself for the things of others as well as its own, and which applies itself with zeal and earnestness to the rescue of the perishing and the salvation of the lost. Brethren, the time is short, and our opportunities for usefulness are being rapidly abridged. I cannot retire from this chair with out recalling the great changes which have taken place since this Presbytery was formed twenty years ago. There are only three here to-day who were present then, and many others who have joined us in the interval, have been removed. Ere long our time for work will come to a close. Be it ours to devote ourselves heart and soul to the glory of our Lord, and to labour according to our ability and opportunities for the hastening of that time when men shall be blessed in Him, and all nations shall call Him blessed." At tbe conclusion of his address he nominated as bis successor the Kev. Alexander Law, of Monarto, who thereupon took the chair, and offered a few words in expression of his thanks at the honour done him in the ap pointment. The Rev. J. Gordon then moved—"That the thanks of the Presbytery be tendered to the retiring Moderator for his address, and that the same be printed and circulated amongst our Churches." Rev. E. Robke seconded, and it was agreed to. A Printing Committee, consisting of the Revs. D. Paton (Convener), E. Rorke, and the Clerk, was appointed, and such committee was em powered to take such steps as might be neces sary for the liquidation of printing expenses. Koolunga.—The Rev. E. Rorke (Mode rator) reported that this Church had been supplied during the quarter by the Rev. T. W. Smythe, and that under his care the work both at Koolunga, Collingsfield, and also at the newly opened station at Snow town was progressing very welL He had visited the Churches during the quarter on week evenings and could testify to the work done. The Rev. T. W. Smythe briefly sup plemented the report, which, on the motion of the Rev. R. Mitchell, seconded by the Rev. T. Gray, was received and the Moderator thanked. Strathalbyn.—Rev. J. Gordon (Moderator) reported that he had visited this Church and dispensed the Communion; also holding a congregational meeting at which matters affecting the Church's interests were fully discussed. The Church was going on satis factorily, but anxious for an early settle ment. Report received. Rev. James Lawrie.—This minister, at giesent supplying under the Home Mission Ommittee, handed in his certificates, which were read and a'few kind .words of welcome addressed to him by the Moderator. Woodsido and Nairne.—The Rev. A. Law (Moderator) stated that he had visited these Churches at Woodside. Two Elders had been ordained, and at both ChurcheB the Ordinance of the Lord's Supper had been dis pensed. Report received. Higher Christian Education Scheme.—Mr. Fleming claimed the indulgence of Pres bytery, in consequence of illness, to briefly report regarding this scheme so that he might retire. He gave the results of the recent examination, and expressed regret that the scheme had not been taken up by the Churches of the Presbytery as it should have been. It was moved by the Rev. J. Lyall, seconded by the Rev. T. Gray, and agreed—"That the report be received, and the consideration of the same be deferred till later on, and that the sympathy of the brethren be expressed with Mr. Fleming in hiB illness." Mannum.—X'lie Bev. T. Gray (Moderator) reported that he had visited Mannum on the first Sabbath of April, and that services had been conducted ever since under the auspices of the Home mission Committee, Report received. Mount Barker.—The Eev. J. Lyall (Moderator) mentioned that owing to illness he had not been able to visit this Church during the past quarter; the services had, however, been regularly maintained. The anniversary was celebrated on March 22 and 23, and was fairly successfuL In this Church, alike with the other vacancies, there was the strong desire for a permanent settlement. Blyth and Woodlands.—The Bev. J. Lyall (Moderator) reported that the services had been regularly maintained during the quarter, chiefly by Mr. Milne (Student). At Blyth the course was much in the same state as before. At Woodlands thelittle Church was quite full. The friends at Mount Templeton had re tired from the arrangement with the other congregations, owing to the fewness of their numbers. Whilst that was to be regretted, yet the two places, Blyth and Woodlands, were quite sufficient for the energy of any ordinary man. omitnfield.—The Bev. D. Paton (Mode rator) reported that under the superinten dence of Mr. Congreve, together with a zealous band of office-bearers, this Church was going on most satisfactorily. He wished to have assessors appointed in order to the election of additional Elders, and suggested that the present assessors of the Mount Barker Church might act. Beport received, and appointment of asBessois as requested acceded to. Golden Grove.—The Bev. D. Paton (Mode rator) stated that the Bev. J. B. Ferguson had resigned this Church owing to failing health, and that at present temporary means were adopted for the supply of the pulpit. He asked that the Presbytery empower him to negotiate as at present, and also to allow of the appointment of assessors as in the case of Smitnneld. Beport received, and the same assessors appointed. Union of Australasian Churches.—A com muuication was read from Dr. Nish, of Vic toria, accompanied by the revised code of rules suggested in connection with this Union, and asking the Presbytery to appoint delegates to visit Melbourne on the occasion of the final Conference in July next. Rev. E. Robke moved—" That the code of rules be remitted to sessions with a recommenda tion that they bring the matter before their several congregations, and report to the Presbytery not later than June 1 next, and that in order to a full consideration of the subject the PreBbytery meet in the usual place on Tuesday, June 2, at 3 o'clock p.m. The Rev. J. Lyall seconded, and it was agreed. Presbyterial Visitation. — The Clerk moved—" That this Presbytery take into its consideration the desirability of at once initiating a system of Presbyterial visitation for the purpose of enquiring into the well being of the congregations within the bounds, and as well to bring prominently before our people the various schemes of the Chnrch." He urged that the time had come when we should establish the svstem that was in exercise in other Presbyterian Churches, both In the colonies and at homes and pointed out the advantages that would accrue both to the Presbytery and the individual ChurcheB. The "Rev. J. Stewart cordially seconded the motion, and gave his experiences of the working of the system in New Zealand. Other members having spoken, the motion was unanimously agreed to; and upon the motion of the Rev. D. Paton, seconded by the Rev. E, Rorke, the Clerk (as Convener) and the Revs. D. Paton, E. Rorke, J. Stewart, and Mr. J. Johnston were appointed a committee 1o for mulate a scheme and report to the Presbytery on June 2. Home Mission Visitation.—The Revs. R. Mitchell and T. Gray reported upon an ex tensive tour they had made of evangelistic character during the past fortnight. Starting from Quorn they had visited Hawker, Gordon. Wilson, and fieltana townships. At the latter place they had held two meetings, when almost the whole of the people were present. At Hergott Springs Mr. Gray had preached twice and addressed the Sabbath school, whilst Mr. Mitchell spent the Sabbath in visiting the camps of navvies beyond Hergott and delivering the Gospel message. On the Monday both Messrs. Gray and Mitchell held meetings with the navvies, when there were good attendances, and the visit, enjoyed as it was by themselves, seemed to be .enjoyed also by those who were listeners. On the way back they had visited Farina and held a service, at■ which there was a good attendance. The Rev. R. Mitchell specially reported about the prospects of a new field that was opening up at Quorn and Mount Arden, the number oqPresbyterian families there were there, and' their deep interest in the work. He had begun regular services, and desired that members of the Presbytery should set apart. a day for paying a visit. The Rev. T. Gray had also visitea the Hundreds of Coglin ana Morgan, had held services in Coglin and also - at Petersburg, and was greatly cheered by the kindly greetings of the people, who were most anxious to nave services as often as - possible by the ministers of their own Church, They had also made a contribution to the Home Mission Fund. The Clerk moved, and the Rev. J. A. Burns seconded, and it was agreed that the reports of the two brethren be received, and that they be heartily thanked for the interest they nave shown and the zeal with which they have undertaken the recent visitation. The Rev. R. Mitchell moved—"That the Rev. J. Stewart visit Quorn and neighbourhood in the month of June; that the Rev. J. A. Burns visit in the month of July; and that other arrangements be left with himself." ' Agreed. The Preebyteryof South Australia resumed its sittings on Wednesday, May 6, in the Flinders-street Classroom,' at 11' o'clock a.m. The meeting was duly constituted by prayer by the Moderator. Sederunt—The Moderator, . Revs. J. Lyall, R. Mitchell, T. Gray, D. Faton, M.A., B.D., E. Rorke, B.A., J. A. - Burns, 'J. Stewart, A.C. Sutherland, M. A., B.D., and J, Hall Angus (Clerk of Presby tery). ministers; and - Messrs. Mitchell, . Hughes, Barratt, and J. Murray, jun., Elders. Mr. J. J. Jennings.—A communication was received from this licentiate, intimating that he had left the colony in order to minister for a time in Riverina. Letter received. Balance-sheets.—The balance-sheets were returned duly audited by the gentlemen appointed on Tuesday, and were adopted, a motion being passed in respect to the Pres bytery Fund and Home Mission Fund that be communicated with in respect thereto hy the Clerk, and that the replies be laid before the Fresbytory at its meeting on June 2 next. With respect to the Foreign Mission Fund, showing a balance in hand of £779 18s., the attention of the Finance Committee was called to the fact that £600 should be invested on mortgage. Division of the Presbytery.—The Rev. E Rorke (Convener of the committee in this matter) reported that two meetings of the committee had been held. At the first of these a circular had been drawn up and forwarded to sessions, asking their opinion upon the scheme. To this circular replieB from twelve sessions had been received approving of the project, one session considered it premature, whilst the remaining number (four) had failed to answer the circular at all. At a meeting of the committee held on Tuesday the scheme proposed was fully considered, and the re commendation of the committee was that the Presbytery be divided into two Presbyteries, and a Synod formed, and that the following be the boundaries of the PresbyterieB:— Charges south of Hamley Bridge to form the Presbytery of Adelaide, and charges north of Hamley Bridge to form the Northern Presby tery. The report was supplemented by the Clerk. The Rev. J. Lyall then proposed— " That the report of thecommitteebegenerally, adopted, that the members of the committee - be thanked for their diligence, and that steps be taken to carry out tne object in view." The Rev. D. Paton seconded, and it was agreed to. The Rev. J. Lyall then proposed— " That it be remitted to the same committee, with the addition of the names of the Revs. D. Paton and J. Stewart, Messrs. W. lsbister and J. Johnston, and the Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C., to take the whole matter into con sideration, and report to next quarterly meet ing of Presbytery." Rev. A. C. Suther land, M.A., B.D., seconded, and carried. Home Mission Committee.—The Clerk (Convener) read the usual report, which showed the work that had been undertaken and carried out during the year bv the com mittee. The report was received, and the thanks of the Presbytery tendered to the Convener. The Treasurer of the Fund (Dr. Robertson) had forwarded a letter asking to be relieved of the duties of his office as the same interfered with his other duties. Upon the motion of the Rev. J. Lyall, seconded by the Rev. R. Mitchell, Mr. J. Johnston was appointed to the office, and the follow ing gentlemen were elected as the members of the Home Mission Committee for 1S85-C:— Revs. J. Lyall, D. Paton, M.A, B.D., E. Rorke, B.A., J. Maclntyre, and J. Hall Angus, Dr. Robertson, and Messrs. J. John ston, T. W. Fleming, G. Marshall, and W. lsbister; the Rev. J. Hall Angus Convener. . Foreign Mission Committee.—The Rev. J. Lyall (Convener) furnished the annual report of this committee, which gave interesting information in relation to the mission at present carried on in Weasisi Tanna, New Hebrides Islands. The Rev. W. Gray had made satisfactory progress in the acquisition of the language; he had been able to induce a considerable number of the people to attend public worship on the Lord's Day, and in other ways haa rendered veiy good service to the people and the Church. The memorial adopted by the Presbytery for presentation to His Excellency the Governor, so that the same might be transmitted to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, had been duly presented, and His Excellency was pleased to express his full sympathy with it and promised at once to forward it. The report closed with an expression of satisfaction that the fnnds of the mission were in such a flourishing state. The Clerk moved—" That the report be received, and that the Presbytery's .thanks be given to the Convener; also that the fol lowing gentlemen be the Foreign Mission Committee:—The Revs. J. Lyall, D. Paton, M.A., B.D., E. Rorke, B.A., J. Hall Angus, and J. Maclntyre, and Messrs. T. W. Fleming, J. Johnston, J. Steele, and the Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C." Aereed to. Aged and Infirm Ministers' Committee.— The Rev. D. Paton (Convener) gave a report for this committee, which stated that whilst, one beneficiary was in receipt of permanent aid, a vote of temporary aid had Been made during the year to the Rev. J. Maclntyre. He suggested that the following be the members of this committee for the ensuing twelve months:—The Revs. J. Lyall, E. Rorke, B.A., D. Paton, M.A., B.D., J. Maclntyre, and J. Hall Angus, and Messrs. T. W. Flem ing, W. Isbister, T. F. Monteith, and John Gordon; the Rev. D. Paton Convener, the Rev. J. Hall Angns Deputy Convener. The Rev. A. C. Sutherland moved the adoption of the report, the Rev. R. Mitchell seconded, and it was agreed to. Union College Committee.—The Rev. D. Paton (Convener) furnished a written report respecting Union College, which testified to the diligence of tlie students who are under 'the Presbytery's auspices, and also urged that the congregations of the Presbytery should make the annual collection asked for by the Union College Conncil. The following are suggested as the delegates to the Council for 1885-6:—The Revs. J. LyaH, E. Rorke, B.A, and J. Ball Angus, Mr. W. Hamilton, Br. Robertson, and the Hon. D. Murray, M.L.C. ' The Clerk moved that the report bo > adopted. The Rev. E. Roeke seconded, and it was agreed. Higher Christian Education Scheme,—The consideration of this question, adjourned on Tuesday, was now entered upon. In conse quence of the lack of interest on the part of several of the -congregations, the question arose as to whether it would not be de sirable, for a time at least, to discon tinue the scheme. The Rev. D, Paton moved—"That the scheme be discon tinued." The Rev. E. Roeke seconded. The Rev. J. A. Burns moved as an amendment— •' That the scheme be continued another year." The Re v.'R. Mitchell seconded. Upon being \- put to the vote the amendment was carried. The Rev. E. Roeke then moved that the Rev. R. Mitchell be the Convener, in place of Mr. Fleming, who wished to be relieved of the duty, and that the Revs. J. A. Burns and T. Gray, and Messrs. James Malcolm and T. W. Fleming, with the Convener, be the com mittee for the management of the scheme. Examination Committee.—The Rev. JD. Paton moved—"That the Home mission Committee act as an Examination Committee, the present Examination Committee being now dissolved; also, that such committee be empowered to make arrangements for the delivery of the customary exercises by the Students." The Clerk laid on the table the minutes of the proceedings of the Synod of Otago and Southland. The proceedings were then closed with prayer. A united communion service in connection with the annual meetings of the Presbytery, was held in Chalmers Church, commencing at 7.30 o'clock. There was a very fair atten dance. The Moderator (the Rev. A. Law) pre sided. After the usnal devotional exercises, addresses were delivered by the Moderator and the Rev. E. Rorke, B. A., and the proceed ings were likewise taken part in by the Revs. R. Mitchell, J. Hall Angus. J. Stewart, D. Paton, M.A, B.D., and A. C. Sutherland, M.A., B.D. The meeting was closed with prayer. 