PSYCHICAL RESEARCH. An organization bearing the singular title of the Society for Psychical Research has come into existence in England which seems destined to exert no small influence on the history of human thought and speculation. It is not very old, for it was founded on March 17, 1882, and at that time numbered only twenty members and eleven associates. Its growth has been, however, very rapid, especially among the leaders of scientific and philo sophical thought. Before the first year closed tbe total number of members was 150\. At the end of 1883 its membership had increased to 288. Another year raised the total to 520, and at that num ber it stood on December 31 of last year. Its President ia no less a scientist than Professor Balfour Stewart, F.R.S., and™' its ex-President is Professor Sidgwick. It publishes two periodical, one called the 'Journal,' which ia iesued every two or three months, and contains tho papers read before the Society ; tho other called the u Proceedings,' which is circulated privately among the members. It is accumulating a largo and valuable library of very peculiar works indeed, which is located at tho Society's office, No. 1, Dean's Yard, Westminster. The object of this association of literary and scientific men is to examine certain* facts which are among the 'unexplored remainders' of physics and physiology. As long as there is any territory which abuts upon those regions of science that have been already mappod out human in quisitiveness will seek to search it ouh. The human intellect will never school itself into patience until convinced that patience and submission aro the only resources. Attempts will bo made to* grasp at what is difficult till tho difficult is proved to be the impossible. The 'unex- plored remainders' of which wo aro now speaking are, however, provoking!/ commonplace, ani oftentimes absurd.. They are called in ordinary language by such unscientific terms as witchcraft, the . black art, necromancy, spiritism, second sight, table-tipping, ghosts, hauntinga, mesmerism, and such like. Those regions' of phenomena, be they real or imaginary,, have been the chosen resort of tricksters, conjurors, epileptics, hysterical dreamers* and persons in general of vivid imagina tions, unbalanced minds, and easy credulity. Sober men of scionce have, for the most part, put them aside as beneath notice, except as illustrations of the vagaries of human belief. Others have timidly approached them, and because these phenomena have very improperly refused to conform to tho rules of a well-ordered physical labora tory, have left them alone. TMa waa how Faraday treated the alleged movements of tables during the, fashionable mania for experimenting on the intelligence of those and other animated articles of furniture. Most of our leading scientists have acted in this fashion. Huxley some years ago most emphatically refused' to have anything to do with looking into any such phenomena, and so did many ( others. He adopted the foregone ' con- : elusion that the whole category of facts' was a delusion, because they could not be made to square with the principles and theories of proven science. His own words are, 'Supposing the phenomena to be genuine they do not interest me' — not a very philosophical conclusion. If they were true, then, science muat re construct itself from the foundation, and reform its notion of what constitutes atoms and their attractions, and of tho energy of the universe as being all in volved in that ring which is convertible into the known forces which are mani fested in the phenomena of chemistry, electricity, heat and light, and motion. At all events a place must be found for those unexplored remainders, which was not easy, since they would fit none of tho acknowledged pigeon-holes of knowledge. This attitude of the scientific world was at all events unscientific, and quite unjustifiable. This has been acknow ledged from time to time, and various attempts have been made to meet the difficulty. Prominent among these was the formation of the Cambridge Dialectical Society, or, as it was known in its day, the 'Cambridge Ghost Club.' It failed through want of proper scientific precau tions in carrying out its investigations. Meanwhile spiritism was boasting about, its mediums and its aecret marvels, and ' donsers' were dotting the dry parts of England with wells found out by the divining-rod, and lecturers on mesmerise were amusing and bewildering their audiences with the odd eccentricities of hypnotism, Waa this debatable land a. chimera or a fact ? Waa thia display of marvels all nonsense 1 Waa there any truth in it, and could those facts be reduced to scientific ordor ? This wai the problem which tho Psychical Society set itself to solve. In its prospectus it says — 'There appeara to be, amidst much illusion and deception, an important body of remarkable phenomena which are prima facie inexplicable on any generally recog nised hypothesis, which if inconteatibly established would be of tho highest possible value. The task of examining such residual phenomena has often been undertaken by individual effort, but never hitherto by a scientific Society organized on a sufficiently broad basis.' This Society was fettered by no creed. It included in its ranks men of varying. shades of opinion, from learned agnostics to Right Rev. Bishops. Ruskin, Tenny son, and Adams, the famous astronomer, are among its members, and like-' wise scientific professors from Owens College, Manchester, and from London, and from Cambridge, and frpm- Dublin. Its great business waa to collect, to examine, and to collate facts. Thia, of itBelf, is no easy task when, the facts are of a fugitive and vagua. character, and which can only in rarey instances be produced to order. As soon, as sufficient facts were gathered, then it was hoped that some of tho provisional theories which might have served as work ing hypotheses would prove to bo induc tively demonstrated, and thus something, have been added to the regions already conquered by scientific industry. This august Society dividod itself into working committees, each with its separate Secretary. Of these there were six, which, had to do respectively with thought transference, with mesmerism, with. Reichenbach's experiments, with haunted bouses, «6c, with physical phenomena^ and with literary matters. These com mittees have especially aimed at collecting: modern evidence, and have rejected, ex cept as liteiaiy curiosities, all old stories and legend sand themarvels of suchbooksaa ' The Night Side of Nature.' They ask for curious incidents which have occurred, during the last ten years. It may astonish our readers to be told that tho Society possesses, as the residue of a much largec number which have been rejected, no fewer than 370 narratives which believers in ghosts would bo apt to refer to a* proofs of the agency of deceased human beings. They havo a very much longer list of those incidents caUed 'wraithB,' in which a percipient at a distauce is made conscious of the death of some one. And in modern England no fewer than nineteen cases of liaunted homes have been jthought worthy of investigation. . We 'mention these facts to show how wide spread is the evidence for the existenca of Eome unknown causes which play their part; in the machinery of the uni verse, . -whether those causes be, aa philosophers aay, subjective or objective. The only principle which the Society claims to have established is that which may be, called 'Thought Transference' or ' Telepathy.'' - The evidence in this case is both experimental and collective, and is of immense quantity and variety. It seems that it is now demonstrated that the thoughts of one mind may be read by another without the aid of any sense per ception — that is, thoughts and ideas may be transmitted across space when all cir cumstances have been eliminated which could have evoled the thought by sugges tion. This does not seem a large result for so much labour, but its scientific importance is immense. It seems aa if it will compel a reconstruction of the universe on the part of those who build it with no bricks save atoms, and no mortar save physical correlated forces, We shall watch the - progress of this curious and interesting Society with, very considerable attention. There is a strange fascination aboutsuch. 'Tthcanriy' realms of thought which may, without unusual care, lead even very learned minds astray. At the Bame time we hold, with the founder* of this Society, that these ' unexplored remainders' ought not to be neglected, and that it is the duty of the leaders of scientific thought to attempt either to explain them as facts or dissipate them as delusions. 