: n V , JEALOUSY: A True Tale of Modern Life. . E,yder tbei1 her down on the hed with her head anjAvas just ahont to leave her on that errand, av en hurried steps were heard outside the door, and one of the female servants knocked, and, not waiting w ue lnvitea, put her head in, and cried, ' Oh, Dame, the Master , is come home. He is in the kitchen.' CHAPTER— XXXV. Mrs. Ryder made an agitated motion with her . - hand, and gave the girl such a look withal, that she retired precipitately. But Mrs. Gaunt had caught the words, and they literally transformed her. She sprang' off the bed, ' : and stood erect, and looked a Saxon Pythoness; 1J golden hair streaming down her back, and grey eyes .gloaming with fury. She caught up a little ivory-handled knife, and held it above her head. . I'll drive this into his heart before them all,' she cried, ' and tell them the reason afterwards!' Ryder looked at her for a moment in utter terror. She saw a woman with grander passions than her self ; a woman that looked quite capable of execut ing her sanguinary threat. Byder made no more \- - ado, but slipped out directly to prevent a meeting that might be attended with such terrible consequ ences. She found her master in the kitchen, splashed with mud, drinking a horn of ale after his ride, and looking rather troubled and anxious ; and, by the keen eye of her sex, she saw that the female servants were 'also in considerable anxiety. The fact is they had just extemporized a lie. Tom Leicester being near the kitchen window, had seen Griffith ride into the court-yard. At the sight of that well-known figure, he drew , back, and his heart quaked at his own imprudence, in confiding Griffith's secret to Caroline Byder. ' Lasses,' said he, hastily, ' do me a kindness for old acquaintance. Here's the Squire. For Hea ven's sake don't let him know I am in the house, or there will be bloodshed between us ; he is a nasty man, and I'm another. I'll tell you more by-and- by.' 1 The next moment Griffith's tread was heard ap- ' proaching the door, and Leicester darted into the house-keeper's room, and hid in a cupboard there. Griffith opened the kitchen door, and stood npon the threshold. The women curtseyed to him, and were loud in : welcome. ; He returned their civilities briefly j and then his first word was — 'Hath Thomas Leicester been here?' You know how servants stick together . against their master. The girls looked him in the face, like candid doves, and told him Leicester had not been that way for six months or more. ' Why, I have traced him to within two miles,' said Griffith, doubtfully. ' Then he is sure to come here,' said Jane, ad roitly: ' He wouldn't ever think to go by us.' 'The moment he enters the house you let me know. He is a mischief-making loon.' He then asken asked for a horn of ale ; and as he finished it, Byder came in, and he turned to her and asked her after her mistress. ' She is well, just now,' said Byder ; ' but she has been took with spasms : and it would be well, sir, if you could dress, and entertain the company in her place awhile. For I must tell you your being so Jong away hath set their tongues going, and almost broken my lady's heart.' Griffith sighed, and said he could not help it, and now he was here, he would do all in his power to please her. ' I'll go to her at once,' said he. ' Ho, sir !' said Byder, firmly. 'Come with me. I want to speak to you.' She took him to his bachelor's room, and stayed a few minutes to talk to him. ' Master,' said she, solemnly ; ' things are very serious here. Why did you stay so long away ? Our Dame says some woman is at the bottom of it, and she'll put a knife into you if you come a-nigh her.' This threat did not appal Griffith, as Byder ex pected. Indeed, he seemed rather flattered. 'Poor Bate!' said he, 'she is just the woman to do it. But I am afraid she does not love mc enough for that. But indeed how should she ?'.' ' Well, sir,' replied Byder, ' oblige me by keeping clear of her for a little while. I have got orders to make your bed here. How, dress, like a good soul, and then go down and show respect to the company that is in your house ; for they know you are here.' . 'Why, that is the least I can do,' said Griffith. ' Put you out what I am to wear, and then run and say I'll be with them anon.' Griffith walk into the dining-room, and, somewhat to his surprise, after what Byder had said, found Mrs. Gaunt seated at the head of her own table, and presiding like a radiant queen over a brilliant ass embly. He walked in, and made a low bow to his guests first : then he approached, to greet his wife more freely : but she drew back decidedly, and made liim a curtsy, the dignity and distance of which struck the whole company. Sir George Heville, who was at the bottom of the table, proposed, with his usual courtesy, to resign his place to Griffith. But Mr3. Gaunt forbade the arrangement. 'Ho, Sir George,' she said, 'this is but an occassi onal visitor : you are my constant friend.' If this had been said pleasantly, well and good ; but the guests looked in vain into their hostess's face for the smile that ought to have accompanied so . strange, a speech and disarmed it. ' Barities are the more welcome,' said a lady, com ing to the rescue ; and edged aside to make room for him. ' Madam,' said Griffith, 'I am in your debt for that explanation : but I hope you will be no rarity here, for all that.' Supper proceeded; but the mirth languished. Somehow or other, the chill fact that there was a . grave quarrel between two at the table, and those two man and wife, insinuated itself into the spirits of the guests. There began to be lulls : fatal lulls. And in enc ' of these, some unlucky voice was heard to murmur, 'Such a meeting of man and wife, I never saw.' The hearers felt miserable at this personality, that ' ' fell upon the ear of Silence like a thunderbolt. 1 Griffith was ill-advised enough to notice the re mark, though clearly not intended for his ears. . For one thing, his jealousy had actually reviewed at the . cool preference Kate had shown his. old rival, Heville. ' Oh 1' said he, bitterly, ' a man is not always his wife's favourite.' 'He does dot always deserve to be,' aid Mrs. Gaunt, sternly. When matters had gone that length, one idea seemed to occur pretty simultaneously to all the " well-bred guests: and that idea was, Sauve quiv peut. Mrs. Gaunt took leave of them, one by one, aud husband and wife were left alone. Mrs. Gaunt by this time was alarmed at the vio lence of her own passions, and wished to avoid Griffith for that night, at all events. So she cast one terribly stern look upon him, and was about to retire in grim silence. But he, indignant at the public affront she had put on him, and not aware of the true cause, unfortunately detained her- He said, sulkily, 'What sort of a reception was that you gave me ?' This was too much. She turned on him furiously. ' Too good for thee, thou heartless creature ! Thomas Leicester is here, and I know the for a villain.' ' You know nothing,' cried Griffith. ' Would you believe that mischief -making knave ? What has he told you?" 'Go back to her!' cried Mrs. Gaunt furiously. ' Me you can deceive and pillage no more. So this was your jealousy ! False and forsworn yourself, you dare to suspect and insult me. Ah! and you think I am the woman to endure this? I'll have your life for it ! I'll have your life.' Griffith endeavoured to soften her ; protested that notwithstanding appearances, he had never loved but her. ' I'll soon be rid of you, and your love, said the raging woman. ' The constables shall come for you to-morrow. You have seen how I can love, you shall know how I can hate.' She then; in her fury, poured out a torrent of re proaches and threats that made his blood run cold. He could not answer her : he had Buspected her wrongfully, and been false to her himself. Ho had abused her generosity, and taken her money for Mercy Vint. After one or two vain efforts to check the torrent,, he sank into a chair, and hid his face in his hands. But this did not disarm her, at the time. Her raging voice and raging words were heard by the very servants, long after he had ceased to defend himself. At last she came out, ' pale with fury, and finding Byder near the door, shrieked out, ' Take that rep tile to his den, if he is mean enough to lie in this house then, lowering her voice, ' and bring Thomas Leicester to me.' Byder went to Leicester, and told him. But he objected to come. 'You have betrayed mo,' said he. '" Curse my weak heart, and my loose tongue. Ihave done the poor squire an ill turn. I can never look him in the face again. But 'tis all thy fault double- face. I hate the sight of thee.' At this Byder shed some crocodile tears ; andvery soon, by her blandishments, obtained forgiveness. And Leicester, since the mischief was done, was persuaded to see the Dame, who was his recent "bene- ' factor, you know. He bargained, however, that the Squire should be got to bed first, for he had a great dread of meeting him. ' He'll break every bone in : my skin,' said Tom ; 'or else I shall do him a mis chief in my defence.' Byder herself saw the wisdom of this: sho bade him stay quiet, and she went to look after Griffith. She found him in the drawing-room, with his head on the table, in deep dejection. She assumed authority, and said he must go to bed. He rose humbly, and followed her like a submis sive dog. She took him to his room. There was no fire. ' That is where you are to sleep,' said she, spite fully. . ' It is better than I deserve,' said he, humbly. The absurd rule about not hitting a man when he is down, has never obtained a place in the great female soul ; so Byder lashed him without mercy. ' Well, sir,' said she, methinks you have gained little by breaking faith with me. Y'd better Fave set up your vn-n with me, than gone and sinned against the law. ' Much better : would to Heaven I had ! '' ' What d'ye mean to do now ? You know the say ing. Between two stools — - ' Child,' said Griffith, faintly, ' methinks: I shall trouble neither long. I . am not so ill a man as I seem; but who will believe .thai;.? I shall not live long. And I shall leave an ill name behind me. She told me so just now. And, oh, her eye was so cruel : I saw my death in it.' ' Come, come,' said Byder, relenting a little, ' you musn't believe every word an:' angry woman says. There, take my advice ; go to bed ; and in the morn ing don't speak to her ; keep out of her way a day. or -two' . , , v . And with this piece of friendly advice she left him ; and waited about till she thought ho was in bed and asleep. Then ske brought Thomas Leicester up to her mis tress, But Griffith was not in bed ; and he heard Leices ter's heavy tread cross the landing. He waited and waited behind his. door for more than half an hour, and then he heard the same .heavy tread go away again. By this time nearly all the inmates of the house were asleep. About twenty -five minutes after Leicester left Mrs. Gaunt, Caroline Byder stole quietly upstairs from the kitchen ; and sat down to think it all over. See then proceeded to undress : but had only taken off her gown when she started and listened ; for a cry of distress reached her from outside the house. She darted to the window and threw it open. Then she heard a cry more distinct. " Help ! help ! " It was a clear starlight night, but no moon. The mere shone before her, and the cries were on the bank. How came something more alarming still. A flash, a pistol shot; and an agonized voice cried loudly, ' Murder ! Help ! Murder !' That voice she knew directly. It was Griffith Gaunt's. CHAPTEE XXXVI. Byder ran screaming, and alarmed the other ser vants. All the windows that looked on the mere were flung opon. But no more sounds were heard. A terrible silenco brooded now over those clear waters. The female servants huddled together, and quaked ; for who could doubt that a bloody deed had been done ? It was some time before they mustered the pre sence of mind to go and tell Mrs. Gaunt. At last they opened her door. She was not in her room. Byder ran to Griffith's. It was locked. She called to him. He made no reply. They burst the door open. He was not there, and the window was open.- . While their tongues were all going, in consterna tion, Mrs. Gaunt was suddenly among them, very pale. They turned, and looked at her aghast. ' What means all this ?' said she. ' Did I not hoar cries outside ?' ' Ah,' said Byder ; ' Murder ! and a pistol fired. Oh, my poor master !' Mrs. Gaunt was white as death, but self-possessed. ' Light torches this moment, and search the place,' said she. There was only one man in the house, and he de clined to go out alone. So Byder and Mrs. Gaunt went with him — all three bearing lighted links. They searched the place where . Byder had heard the cries. They went up and down the whole bank of the mere, and cast their torches' red light over the placid waters themselves. But there was nothing to be seen, alive or dead — no trace of either calamity or crime. They roused the neighbours, and came back to the house with their clothes all draggled and dirty. Mrs. Gaunt took Byder apart, and asked her if she could guess at what time of the night Griffith had made his escape. ' He is a villain,' said she, ' yet I would not have him come to harm, God knows. There are thieves abroad. But I hope he ran away as soon as your back was turned, and so fell not in with them' ' Humph !' said Byder. ' Then looking Mrs. Gaunt in the face, she said, quietly, ' Where were you when you heard the cries ?' ' I was on the other side of the house.' ' What, out o' doors at that time o' night?' ' Ay ; I was in the Grove. Praying.' ' Did you hear any voice you knew ?' ' Ho ; all was too indistinct. I heard a pistol, but no words. Did you ?' '.I heard no more than you, madam,' said Byder, trembling. : Ho one went to bed any more that night in Hern- shaw Castle. CHAPTEE XXXVII. This mysterious circumstance made a groat talk in the village, and in the kitchen of : Hernshaw Castle ; but not in the drawingroom, for Mrs. Gaunt in stantly closed her doors to visitors, and let it be known that it was her intention to retire to a con vent; and, in the meantime, she desired not to be disturbed. Byder made one or two attempts to draw her out upon the subject, but was sternly checked. Pale, gloomy, and silent, the mistress of Hernshaw Castle moved about , the. place like the ghost of her former self. She never mentioned Griffith ; forbade his name to be uttered in her hearing; and, strange to say, grave Byder strict orders not to tell any one what she had heard from Thomas Leicester. ' This last insult is known but to you and me. If it ever gets abroad, you leave my service that very hour.' This injunction set Byder thinking. However, she obeyed it to the letter. Her place was getting better and better, and she was a woman accustomed to keep secrets. A pressing letter came from Mr. Atkins. Mrs. Gaunt replied that her husband had come to Hernshaw, but had left again, and the period of his ultimate return was now more uncertain than ever. On this Mr. Atkins came down to Hernshaw Castle. But Mrs. Gaunt would not see him. He re tired very angry, and renewed his advertisements, but in a more explicit form. He now published that Griffith Gaunt, of Hernshaw and Bolton, was execu tor and residuary legatee to the late Griffith Gaunt, of Coggleswade ; and requested him to apply directly to James Atkins, Solicitor, or Gray's Inn, London. In due course this advertisement was read by the servants at Hernshaw; and shown, by Byder, te Mrs. Gaunt: She made no comment whatever ; and contrived to render her pale face impenetrable. Bydor became a3 silent and thoughtful as herself, and often sat bending kor black judicial brows. By-and- by dark mysterious words began to bo thrown out Hernshaw village. ' He will never coinc back at all.' ' He will never coine into that fortune.' ' "lis no use advertising for a man that is past reading.' These, and tho like equivocal sayings, wore fol lowed by a vague buzz, which was traceablo to no individual author, but secmod to rise on all sides, like dark mist, and envelope that unhappy houso. And that dark mist of Humour soon condensed itself into a palpable and terrible whisper, ' Griffith Gaunt hath met with foul play.' Ho one of the sorvants told Mrs. Gaunt this horrid rumour. But tho women used to look at her, and after her, with strange eyes. , . She noticed this, arid felt, somehow, that her pooplo were falling away from her. ' It added one drop to her bitter cup. She began to droop into a sort o calm despondent lethargy. Then came fresh trouble to rouse her. Two of the county magistrates called on her in their official capacity, and, with perfect politeness, but a very grave air, requested her to inform them of all the circumstances attending her husband's dis appearance. _ She repled, coldly and curtly, that she knew very little about it. Her Husband had left in tho middle of the night. ' He came to stay ?' 'I believe so.' ' Came on horseback ?' 'Yes.' ' Did he go away on horseback.' 'Ho: for the horse is now in my stablo.' 'Is it true there was a quarrel between you and him that evening ?' 'Gentlemen,' said Mrs. Gaunt, drawing herself back haughtily, 'Did you come here to gratify your curiosity?' : 'Ho, madam,' said the elder, of tho two; 'but to discharge a very serious and painful duty, in which I earnestly request you, and even, ad vise you, to aid us. Was there a quarrel?' ' There was — a mortal quarrel.' The gentlemen exchanged glances and the older made a note. ' May we ask tho subjeet of that quarrel?' Mrs. Gaunt declined, positively, to enter into a matter so delicate. A note was taken of this refusal. ' Are you aware, madam, that your husband's voice was heard calling for help, and that a pistol-shot was fired ?' Mrs. Gaunt trembled visibly. 'I heard the pistol-shot,' said she, 'but not the voice distinctly. Oh, I hope it was not his voice Byder heard.' ' Byder, who is he ?' _ ' Byder is my lady's maid : her bedroom is on that side of the house.' ' Can we see Mrs. Byder?' ' Certainly,' said Mrs. Gaunt, and rose and rang the bell. Mrs. Byder answered the bell, in person very promptly ; for she was listening at the door. Being questioned, she told the magistrates what she had heard down by ' the mere and said she was sure it was her master's voice that cried 'Help!' and 'Murder!' And with this she began to cry. Mrs. Gaunt trembled and turned pale. The magistrates confined their questions to Byder. They elicited, however, very little more from her. She saw the drift of their questions, and had an im pulse to defend her mistress there present. Behind her back it would have been otherwise. That resolution, once taken, two children might as well have tried to extract evidence from her as two justices of the peace. And then Mrs. Gaunt's pale face and noble fea tures touched them. The case was ; mysterious, but no more; and they departed little the wiser, and with some apologies for the trouble they had given her. ' j The next week down came Mr. Atkins out' of all patience, and determined to find Griffith Gaunt or else obtain some proof of his decease. Ho obtained two interviews with Byder, and bribed her to tell him all she knew. He prosecuted other inquiries with more method than had hitherto been used, and elieited an important fact, viz., that Griffith Gaunt had been seen walking in a certain direction at one o'clock in the morning, followed at a short distance by a tall man with a knapsack, or the like, on his back. The person who gave this tardy information was the wife of a certain farmer's man, who wired hares upon the sly. The man himself, being assured that in a case so serious a3 this, no particular inquiries should be made as to how he came to be out so late, confirmed what his wife had let out, and added that both men had taken the way that would lead them to the bridge, meaning the bridge over the mere. More than that he could not say, for he had met them, and was full half a mile from the mere, before those men could have reached it. Following up this clue, Mr. Atkins learned so many ugly things, that he wont to the Bench: on justicing day, and demanded a full and searching inquiry on the premises. Sir George Heville, after in vain opposing this, rode off straight from the Bench to Hernshaw, and in feeling terms conveyed the bad news to Mrs. Gaunt ; and then, with the utmost delicacy, let her know that some suspicion rested upon herself, which she would do well to meet with the bold front of in nocence. "What suspicion, pray?" said Mrs. Gaunt, haughtily. Sir George shrugged his shoulders, and replied, ' That you have done Gaunt the honour— to put him out of the way. Mrs. Gaunt took this very differently from what Sir George expected. " What ! she cried, " are they so sure he is dead? murdered !" And with this she went into a passion of grief and remorse. Even Sir George was puzzled, as well as affected, hy her convulsive agitation. CHAPTEE XXXVIII. Though it was known the proposed inquiry might result in the committal of Mrs. Gaunt on a charge of murder, yet the respect in which she had hitherto been held, and the influence of Sir George Heville, who, having been her lover, stoutly maintained her innocence, prevailed so far, that even this inquiry was private, and at her house. Only she was pre sent in the character of a suspected person, and the witnesses were examined before her. First, the poacher gave his evidence. Then, Jane the cook proved, that a pedlar called Thomas Leicester had been in the kitchen, and secreted about the premises till a late hour ; and this Thomas Leicester corresponded exactly to the de scription given by the poacher. This threw suspicion on Thomas Leicester, but did iiuu ITAIO, acuu-llu WXUil UJJ.O UCUU III UrllJ >Y , But Byder's evidence filled this gap. She re vealed three serious facts : — First, that by her mistress's orders, she had intro duced this very Leicester into her mistress's room about midnight, where he had remained nearly half- an-hour, and had then left the house. Secondly, that Mrs. Gaunt herself had been out of doors after midnight. And thirdly, that she had listened at the door, and heardjher threaten Griffith Gaunt's life. . This is a mere precis of the evidence, arid alto gether it looked so suspicious, that the magistrates, after telling Mrs. Gaunt she could ask the witnesses any questions she chose, a suggestion she treated with marked contempt, put their heads together, and whispered. Then the eldest of them, Mr. IJnderhill, who lived at a considerable distance, told her gravely he must commit her take her trial at the next assizes. " Do what you conceive to be your duty gentle- j ;men,' said Mrs. Gaunt, with marvellous dignity, ' If I I do not assert my innocence, it is because I disdain the accusation too much.' !' I shall take no part in the committal of this inno cent lady,' said Sir George Heville : and was about to leave the room. But Mrs. Gaunt begged to stay. 'To be guilty, is one thing,' said she ; ' to be accused is another : I shall go to prison as easy as to my dinner, and to the gallows as to my bed;' The presiding magistrate was staggerod a moment by these words ; and it was not without consider able hesitation he took the warrant, and prepared to fill it up. Then Mr. Houseman, who had watched the pro ceedings very keenly, put in his word. ' I am here for the accused person, sir, and, with your good leave, object to her committal— on grounds of law." ' 'What may they be. Mr. Houseman?" said the magistrate, civilly ; and laid down his pen to hear them. ' Briefly, sir, these. Where a murder is proven, you can commit a subject of this realm upon suspi cion. But you cannot suspect the murder as well as the'culprit, and so commit. The murder must be proved to the senses. How the death of Mr. Gannt by violence is not proved. Indeed his very death rests but upon suspicion. I admit that the law of England in this respect has once or twice been tampered with, and persons have even been executed where no ' cor pus delicti ' was found ; but what was tho conse quence ? In each case the murdered man turned out to be alive, and justice was the only murderer. After Harrison's case, and ®'s. no Cumberland jury will over commit for murder, unless the ' corpus delicti ' has. been found, aud with signs of violence upon it. Como, come, Mr. Atkins, you are too good a lawyer, : and too humane a man, to spud my client to prison on tho suspicion of a suspicion, which you know the very breath of tho judge will blow away, even if tho grand jury let it go into court. I offor bail, ten thousand pounds in two sureties: Sir George Hovillo hero proseut, and myself.' Tho magistrate looked at Mr. Atkins. ' I am not employed by tho Crown,' said that gen- tloniau, 'but acting on mere civil grounds, and have ho right to bo sevoro. Bail by all means ; but is tho lady so suro of her innocence as to lend mo her as sistance to iina tho ' corpus delicti ?' Tho question was so shrowdly put, that any hesi tation would have ruined Mrs. Gaunt. Houseman, thoroforo, ropliod eagerly aud promptly, ' I answer for licr, she will.' Mrs. Gaunt bowed hor head in assent. TO JJK CONTINUED. 