IftoveUst. HIS ONE MISTAKE, ? * ? By BERTHA M. CLAY. ? » j CHAPTER LXVL— (CONTIKUED.) 'It looks like a place to bo hannted,' said Lord Carsdalo ; ' still, a soa- washed jetty in rather a strange place for a ghost. What kind of ghost is it ? ' 'Well, you know, sir, of ooursa it is no ghoat— thero is no such thing ; but I tell you one thin;,', none of our young people would come here after dark, and I do not mind saying that I nave oiten nati a turn myself.' ' What is it, then ? ' asked Lord Carfldale. ' To tell yon tlio truth, sir,' said tho old man, ' it is a lady. I think some great trouble has driven her mad. She looks like it.' 11 What does bIio do ? ' continued Lord Carsdalo, growing interested. ' Wi'll, aho never comes hero, Bir, before tho gloaming, and she is so shadowy, so still, bo | white, and so beautiful, that people have a , kind of dread of her. I have seen her often enough, and herfaoo is quito transparent ; it is like marble with tho moon shining on it. She ecems always to oorne with the gloaming, and aho goes away with the groat darkness. She aits right at tho end of tho jetty, there where tho water touches thoBa blackarchea. I went to her once,' continued tho old man, see ing that his listener was interested. ' I said to myself thero was nothing to be afraid of, and Iwenttoher. ' Aro you not afraid of the waves ?' I said to her ; and, sir, I almost foil back into tho sea myself when she raised her lace and looked at me. I did not know that thero could bo suoh a faoo in all tho world.' 11 What was it like?' asked Lord Carsdalo. ' It would take ono more clever than I am to tell that. It was like nothing I have ever Ecen on this earth ; it was beautiful, like the lace of an angel in a picture, and it was filled with sorrow. It did not look as though she had cried — tho griof on it was paBt all tears ; and yet there was a strange light, a curious Etrange light. I said to her, ' Aro you not alraid of tho waves?' and then sho looked as I told you. It took me some time to get over that look. Then I said : ' When thoy reach these black arches thoy aro dangerous,' I said 'Yea, I know,' she replied ; and, for me, each a voico was worth hearing ; it was Bweet and aad as n oooing dovo. ' Do you know,' I continued, ' that danger in this caBO means death ?' ' Yes, I know it,' she answered. 'You need not trouble about me. Do you sea thia mark hero ?' Sho raised her hand — such a whito hand, sir, like a snow-flake — and ahe pointed out to me a great black notoh in the wood. ' You see this ?' sho repeated, and Icaid'Ye3.' 'I shall sit here,' Bho said, ' night alter night until the waves roaoh hero, and when they reach horo I shall die. Oh, welcome death I Oh, beautiful death I I shall die ; it will not bo suicide ; I shall not kill myself ; but tha waves will carry me so gently out to sea — no gontly so sweetly 1' Sir, I drew back, frightened at her ; neither her face uor her voico wore like anything oarthly. : That was more than two weeks since ; now I watch ber, and I have my boat ready. If ever I see her in danger, I shall do my best to save ber.' 'It is a strange story,' said Lord Cars dale. ' All the young people are shy of going near , the jetty. It usod to bo a famous place for | love-making : now, when that silent figure steals ao gently and quietly along, every one vanishes as though by magio.' 'What time do you say tho poor lady comes?' asked Lord Carsdalo. 'Only in tho gloaming sir; only in the gloaming,' said the old man, as he walked away, CHAPTER LXVII. WON AT LABI. ' Could it be Ailie ?' Lord Carsdale asked ?uoBelf the question over and over again. Why had his thoughts flown to her at onoe 1 way should that strong, swift, keen, secret conviction have seized him — that it was she, sou no one elao? It seomod to him, now 'hat ho thought of it, natural enough that we should come to Fernbay — the ono happy ?a? °' bor life had been Bpent horo. Could ' ho Ailie, this woman of unearthly beauty, wo was only waiting until tho greon waves 'cached that black notch and carried hor away? ho looked after tho old man, wishing that ho led made further inquiries, that ho had asked ®oro about hor, that ho had tried to mako out wuoro Bho oarne from. Then ho said to liim !e'f that he would wait until the gloaming sco for himself. Suddenly he remembered that ho oould not J'lt— bohad promieedto send a telegram, and J® must do it at oneo ; ho oould return as soon 68 tho gloaming fell. 'lo went, despatohed his business, and re otned, The gloaming had fallen then, a ?'TO silver mipt hung over tho Bea ; tho waves a» smoothly, they were orcnted with white °am- the wind was still, and scorned to brood 'erthe water rather than stir it. ? waa so dark, as ho walked up that lonely Wy, Hint ho could hardly sec ; then, as ho tew nearer— down at tho farther end, oppo 'bo black arches, and watching them numtly—ha saw the silent, solitary figure of In his after life Lord Carsdalo oould hardly deBoribe what followed ; it seomod to him that that very moment he passed from tlio rogions ot oommonplaoe and oommon lifo into thoBe of romance — the darkening night, tho long, low wash of the waves, tho heaving ot tho silent soa, tho lino of lights in tho distance, the tall white oliffs standing so erect and do liant, the lonely jotty with the sea break ing ovor it, and that ono figure watohing so in tently. Oould it bo Ailie ? Ho stood ond watched — how long he never knew, lio could novor tell. Tho darkness orept on apaeo ; the great ruby light at tho end of the jotty sent out a strange, livid flame ; still tho silent figure sat there, watohing tlio dark arohes, and Lord Carsdalo stood quito still, watching it. Then oaino a strange, sweet sound — at first ho thought it was tho distant muBio j then it grew so strange, bo sad and sweet, ho oould havo believed tho old fablo of tho mermaid ; thon ho reoognizedthoair— afavourito dreamy German melody, called ' Tho Lonely ; ' it Boomed to float ovor the waves, and die away in their murmur. It was Ailio singing — he knew tho voice. Ho wa3 quite cortain of her then, and ho thankod Heaven for tho inBtinot that had led him to find hor. Ho said to himBelf that ho must bo cautious; perhaps what thoy said about hor was true— that her great sorrow had driven her mad ; and ho must not dis tress her by suddenly speaking to her. Ho went noarer to her, and tho Bhadow that tho ruby light threw on tho jetty was at hor feet, but sho never saw it. Thon, moro cautiously still, ho went noar her, and looked in her faoo ; it waa Ailio — but, groat Hoaven ; how ohanged, how wan, how whito 1 Her faco, as the old man said, was transparent— it was unearthly in its clear transparency ; tho Bor row that fillod it was not of the kind that eends rolief in tears. Ho saw that sho looked neither to tho right nor the left, that sho never took her oyes from tho great notoh on tho blaok arehos. He pictured to himself the clear, green waves rising slower higher and higher, until thoy covered tho Bweet, sad face, and boro her away with thom. The pioture troubled him so greatly lie dare not bo silont any longer. What if she rose suddenly and walked from the end of the jetty into the sea ? Ho stood beforo her— ho touohed her gontly, and oalled her by namo. ' Ailio I ' ho said ; ' Ailio' my wifo 1 ' Thero was no madnesB in the gaze sho turned on him, nothing but nnutterable sad ness — unutterable sorrow. She did not seem surprised to sco him ; perhaps sho had thought so much about him that it gave her no surprise to eeo him thero. Her faco could grow no whiter than it had done, but a Btrange light namo into her eyes. She never dreamed that ho was thero for any other purpose but to blamo her. Sho claspcd her hands and looked into her face. ' I did not betray you, Lord Carsdale,' sho said. ' I did not tell one single word. I would not havo spoken if they had killed me.' Then sho looked from him to the dark arohes, where the waves rose slowly. ' Ailio,' ho said, gently, ' will you tell me what you aro doing here? ' 'Yes,' she replied. 'I am waiting until tho water reaches that rook, then it will carry me away.' ' You know that will be suicide,' he said. ' I do not think so ; tho soft, green waves will fotoh me — I shall not throw myself in.' 'But, Ailio, why do you wish to die?' he asked. ' Because my miserable lifo stands between you and your happiness,' sho replied; 'be- cause life is bitter, and death is sweet.' ' My darling Ailie — my dear wife — liston | to me,' he Baid. ' I have followed yon here, I have looked for you everywhere, beoauso I want to tell you that at last I have learned to love you— and that I want you to try and bo happy as my wife.' Thero was no rapture of love in the pale face, no light such as he had dreamed his words would bring there, no gleam of joy. bhe loosed at mm wnn gencie, mourniui dig nity. ' You forgot,' sho said, ' you told mo that you loved Lady Ethel.' There was no reproaoh, no anger in her tones ; nothing but tho moat gentlo incredu lity. ' I know it,' he said ; ' but Ailie, liaten to mo. I have come so far to seo you, my darling ; mako room for me by your side.' Sho drew aside her dress, and ho sat down by her. 'I want to tell you, Ailie, how your heroism has touohed mo. My darling, take your eyes from that terrible rook ; tho clear, greon waves shall never take you away — your only homo Bliall bo honoeforward in my hoart. Ailie, you said onoe, long ago, that love wins love ; and it is truo. Your groat lovo for me has won lovo from mo.' Still she looked at him, and said : ' It is Lady Ethel you love, not me.' ' My darling wifo, what must I say to oon vinoe you that it is you whom I lovo, and no other ? Lady Ethel and I have parted ; wo shall not meet again ; and I gave up my life to seeking for you, just as now I shall give it up to making you happy.' ' It oannot bo truo,' ahe said, musingly. ' It is truo, Ailie. I oannot oven tell you when I began to think so muoh about you ; I frankly own that it puzzled mo myself ; I did not believe it was possible that I was learning to lovo you. Your faoo touohed mo ; tho sweet, sad oyes haunted mo ; tho sound of your voice novor left me, and I said to myself I must bo learning to lovo my wife at lost.' no took tho two cold, whito hands in his. ' Thou, whon I oamo baok — I was only so short a time absent, Ailio — whon I oamo back, and I found that my beautiful wifo had sud denly become a heroine, that for my sako, be oauso sho would not betray mo, sho had en dured insult and calumny — that sho had sacrificed oven her fair namo for me by re fusing to justify herself at my expenso, I said to myself, my wife is a horoine, tlio greatest horoine of all ; thoro is no ono like her. Quito suddenly, my darling, you be came invested in my oyes with overy great and glorious quality — with onduranoo, with patienco, with fortitudo, with self-denial. What lovo was this ? I said to myself ; tho world had seen none like it — so beautiful, so bravo, so dovoted I And, Ailio, while I stood listoning tp what my mother said about you, my heaTt seemed stirred with a now, sudden, great lovo— a lovo that swept through my whole being liko a flame, beforo which all other love faded, and I said to myself, ' I will mako myself wurffliy of my wife.' ' Sho looked up at him timidly. ' It is really truo, Lord Carsdale, that you love mc 1 — that you wish to bo worthy of mo ? — is it really truo ?' ' It is quito truo, Ailio. Lot mo tell you something olso. I havo been to ltudeswcll, and have mado thom all happy thero. I havo told thom who I am, and all about our marriage. I liavo done tho same thing at homo, so that thore need bo no moro Beoreov.' Somo littlo colour had como into tho boauti ful face, a lovely colour that oamo and wont ; tlio unearthly light faded from hor faoo, and something of human interest catno into it. ' I havo been hero so long,' nlio said, ' waiting for death, that my oyes aro dazzled with tho great, strong light of eternity. AVhat did Lady Waldrovo say ? Sho was very angry, I know. I tromblo whon I think of her.' ' Sho waa augyy, and. my fathor, too ; but, my darling Ailio, I am poing to tftko you to Austria; and when we havo been thero a few years they will forgot all angor, and be glad to soo mo baok again.' Ho spoko more oheorfully than ho felt on that ono subjeot. Thon he told her all that Lady Ethel had said. 'Now will you believo that I lovo you, my wifo ? If you know how ushamed I feel of all my cowardioe, how angry I have been with mysolf for my want of oourage, you would forgivo mo. Boliovo that I love you, my darling_ wifo, when I give up with a smile everything man holds most dear — oountry, homo, frionds, parents, all for tho one truo lovo of my life.' There was a lingering look of incredulity on hor faoo, but as ho clasped her in his arms, and oovored her faoo with passionate tears, it vanished never to return. Sho held her hands for ono minute above hor head, then sho said : ' I thank God that He has given mc the desire of my heart.' Tho stars camo out in the dark sky, tho moon shone on the waters, and long hours had passed beforo thoy quitted tho solitary pier. It was not tho same Ailio ; those who had feared her boforo would not know her now; all tho sorrow and sadness had passed from her beautiful faco, and it was bright with tho happiest love. It seemed to her that no one had ever been bo happy before, or so blessed. Sho asked so many quoBtions about homo— what hor fathor and mother had said ? what Hobo's lover was liko ? was all tho grand news over Frank true? And Lord Carsdalo, seeing how doeply it interested her, never wearied of tolling her every detail of the intorviow. Two days afterward thoy started for Vienna, where, in tho oourso of a few months, Lady Carsdnle was known as ono o( the most beautiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant oourt. Sho was happy beyond all words in her huBband's lovo, and ho had learned to valuo her, CHAPTER LXVIII. ANGELS 01? PEAOK. Six years had passed since the terrible day nn inhinli thn nrAiirl r»t IVnl.lwtt.n had owned, with bitter tears, that the hopes of her lifo lay buried. Lady Gertrude's marriago was ono of tho most brilliant cere monies evor witnessed at Eosoneath. The Duke and Duohess of Clavordon were prosent, and the moat elnborato apologies were made for the unavoidable abaenco of the son and heir. Ho was in Vienno, and oould not get away. Lord Carsdalo had sold out of his re gimont boforo he left England, and tho ap pointment ho held in Vienna was a diplomatio on o. The oounteas owned herself more than con tent with tho grandeur of the marriago. Hor daughters, tho Duchess of Claverdon and Lady Riwdon, visited hor very often, bring ing with thom blooming ohildren, tho sight of whom mado hor heart aoho with longing for her eon. During all theBO years Lord Carsdale had not written homo. Perhaps had ho prayed for pardon and reconciliation, tho oarl and the oountesa might havo hardened their hearts against him ; as it was, his submission and silence had softened them. One ovent bad happened whioh had brought back all the old bitterness to Lady Waldrovo — Lady Ethel had married that most hand some, irresistible of all woers, Captain Moore. She had beoome tho Countess of Hurlingham since hor marriago, and on eaoh visit to Eose neath Bho never oeasod to weary both earl and countess with importunities to send for their son. ' It was suoh nonsense,' she said ; ' tho deed was dono now. Lord Carsdalo had proYod himsolf to bo a hero. As for his wife, tho British peerage,' she dauntlesaly de olared, ' did not hold suoh another.' Thero was nothing but good news from tho Derwenta. Through the influence of Lord Carsdalo, Hose's lover, tho Reverend Cuthbert Lodes, had been presented with a good living in Yorkshire, where ho and his amiable wifo lived tho happiest of lives. Frank had mado his mark, and bid fair to be one of the lead ing civil engineers of tho day. John Dorwont and his wife had retired to a very pretty littlo farm in tho sunniest part of Kent, where they lived as thoy had never hoped to livo, and Hottie was with them. Nothing but good news from all parts of tho world, and Lady Ailio Carsdalo rejoiood in it. Thoro oamo a beautiful spring morning — the sun was shining, tho balmy air was filled with tho perfume of mignonotto and lilao. Tho Earl and Countess of Waldrove sat alone in their breakfast-room at ItoBenoath Abbey — a beautiful room, gay with pink hangings UUU VfUUU illUO, UU(Jl UUU WiVU lUVClJ WUiCQ hyaointhB ond jonquils. Tho sun shone in through tho windows, and its light foil on tho beautiful flowers, the massive silver, the delioato ohina, and fino damaak. ( It was a very pretty and luxurious homo pioture — the oounteas in her dainty morning-robo bnd oap of Meohlin laco, tho oarl in his dressing-gown — a oozy homo pioture. My lady touched the whito hyaoinths, sho looked at tho green springing mignonette, she lingered over tho fragrant tea ; and then, with a great sigh, she Baid to the carl : ' I am very lonely ; I am very dull.' ' It is dull,' said tho earl. 'We seem to bo lost in this great, empty house. I have felt quite gloomy since Gertrude and licr ohildren went away.' Tho samo unBpoken thought lay deep in tho hoart of both — an intense longing to have tlioir son near thom again. Suddenly the silvory, musical chiming of a child's laughter waa heard. Lady Waldrovo looked up quickly. ' What was that ?' sho asked. Tho earl did not move. ' Somo of tho servants havo littlo visitors, I should imagine,' ho said. But tho words diod on his lips, for tho door suddenly and slowly opened, and thon onterod tho loveliat pair of little children ever beheld. Thoro was a littlo girl with a faco liko a rosobud, lovoly, laughing oyes, and sweet lips, with shining, golden hair that lay over tho whitest Bhoulders ovor seen — a littlo fairy, full of grace and dignity. Sho looked noither to tho right nor to tho loft, but went straight up to tlio oarl, and standing in front of him, raised hor lovoly, limped oyes to his faco. 'Will you pleaBO forgive my mamma?' sho said. A handsome, dark-haired boy, with a truo Carsdalo faco, ond dark, flashing eyes — a frank, bold, bravo boy, who won hor hoart at a glanoo, wont up to Lady Waldrovo, and said : ' Will you forgivo my papa ?' 'God bless mo 1' oried tho carl. 'Who aro thc-so ? Who aro you, my dear V' 'lam Luoio Carsdalo,' said tho littlo fairy. ' And I,' Baid the boy, ' am Stephen Cars dalo — named after my grandfather, tho grand old earl.' ' And who cent you horo ?' 'Papa and mamma Hent us. Papa bids mo Bay ho loves you both, and he longs to como homo to you. IIo says you will lovo mamma when you know her.' It wr.u usoluas for tho countess to spoalc, for tho earl had clasped both tho pretty mes sengers in his arms. ' I bhould refuse tho angels of God,' he said, 'if I refuse you.' 'Shall you forgivo our boy?' said tho oounteas. And the grand old earl, in a faltoring voioo, said: ' I will, I will, as I hope one day to bo for given.' Thore waa htill anothor Burpriso for them. Lady Ethel followed the littlo onos into tho room. ' I am an uninvited guest,' she said ; ' but, I am sure, a welcome one. I havo brought those dear ohildren. Lord and Lady Cars dalo wait outBido.' The next momont tho son was in his mother's arms, and tho oarl had embrace'd hiB son's wife. It was the prettiest soeno evor witnessed, and ono whioh must have made tho angela smile. Thoy livod happily ever afterword. The countess learned to love very dearly tho beautiful, graceful woman who was her son's wife. Thero was no more popular lady in England than Lady Carsdalo ; but, whon she is speaking seriously, sho says thore is no greater folly than that of an unequal mar riago. THE END. 