V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Mi Ibource States— mile.— Mr. D O'Brien' ib hen»?D'rb'V ket-Frailty> (Robertson)8 1 ; Mr. M. Loughlin s br h Sheet Anchor 9,1 sik (G'Biien), 2 ; Mr. J. Wilson's b or br c Eiugms-ter 6it lllb (Moore), 3. Bos wen h, Promotheus' Honey dew, Mozart, and Cyclops also ran. B-ltina ! O. fn 1 w (> 1. 1 .. rr " O - . A xniiJf-iuaei/Bi j o iu v. Arenton 5 to x any other. A good itart was effected, save Bo- worth, who was Jeft at the post. Ringmaster, B0'- woi-lh, and Trenton were the first to begin, ar>d'lefi for a quarter of a mile, when Boswortii.'rurnina througn his horses very fast, forced the pace to the shed', where Trenton took a slight command of Bosworth, Honeydew, Ringmaster, and Cyclops, ihe lob closed up at the entranes to tho straight where Cyclops showed in fiont, but soon died out' and tbe heavy-go:ng telling against Honewdew ' Sheet Anchor dashed up on the inside, uud With Tr<-nton sstlled down to finish a pretty race home which ended in favour of Trenton by half a length. Ringmaster two lengths from Sheet Anchor, thfrd then followed Prometheus and Cyclops, while Hocey- dew, Mozsr', and Bosworth were beaten by alon« way. Time, 2 minutes 161 second? 0 Hotham Handicap — milrs aucl a di'tinoo. Mr. S. Davis's br m Lcsbia, bo -g4Vhifllsr_ PeeriesB, 6:t 51b (Maadonald), n ; iv»r. J, VVhit- tingham'd bh Montmore, 61b 101b (Guy), 2 ; MP G. Hairis' b or bk h Signer, 64 10ib (Brown), 3 Off Colour, Cbuikater, Anglessy, Comet, Don Doncaster, Kingship, Lantern, Agititioa liadarat and Gero a'so started. Betting: 2 lo 1 v. Don- caster, 5 to 1 v. leabia, 6 to a each v. Cornet end -agnation, 7 to x eacu v. aaer.tmore and aignor 10 to 1 v. others. The flag was lowered to a gocd start, Agitation taking command, and making ths running till balf-x-mile from home, atleuifd by Doncastsr, Signor, Comet, and Leabia, with lbs others well together, except Mtnlnioie. signer hiaded Agitatio.1 at the turn, and led into the straight, closely followed by Comei, Mentinore, and Lesbia. Mentmore looked like a winner at liia dis tance, but Lesbia catching him a fine racs ensued reeultiDg in Lesbia winning by a clear length! Signor finished a length from Mentmore, and tlien followed Genoa, Agitation, Comet, Lantern, and Kiogstip, with Anglesey and Off Calour list. Time, 2 mil uses 57 seconds. Weight for Age HurJl? Race — about 2 miles.— Mr. C. Hart's ch h The Agent, by Slandmers— Lucy, 12st 2.b (Ferguson), 1; Hon. W. Pearson's b m Gasalier, list lllb (Gardiner), h; Mr. T, Cr'pps' bl h Duration, list 10;b (M'Leod), 3.' Molrow, Royal Maid, and The Agent also Blarted. Betting ; 6 to 4 on Tiie Agent, 3 lo 1 v. DuraFon 4 to 1 v. ;Royal Maid.' Gasalier led over the first fence, fellowed. bN Duration and Royal Maid, with The Agent last. Royal Maid went lo the front ut the river turn and led along tbe back of ths course by three lengths, tho others logeth r, except The Agent, while Molrow was already bc-ai en off. The Agent caught his horses vary fast at the third last fence, and, Royal Maid retiring, Duration went on after the favourite, but the la tier Giawicg away wen cleverly by a leDgth from Gasalier, who was a length and a half in front of Duration, with Royal Maid ten lengths off, and Mobrow 200 yards away. Time, 3 minutes 55£ eeconds. Habibybnong Plats — Five fui longs.— Acme, by Chester— Princess Maud, 8st. 51rs (fluie ), 1 ; Mad- delina, by Nccker-gat — Meg Merrille?, 84 5ibs (Wcazel), 2; Blairgowrie, by Vespasian — ilhalane, 8-t lOlbe (Robertson). Also ran — Dufferin, Divi dend, Damocles, Retort, Fernandez, Clieeham, Hal cyon, Telephone, Trojan, Essie, Devotion, Ihe Nun, iLoais?, Tamarisk. Betting : 2 lo 1 v Acme, 4 to 1 v. Blairgowrie, 6 to 1 v The Nun, 7 to. 1 v. Louisa Bert a, 12 to 1 v Trojan, 14 to 1 each v. Kalcyor, Tamarisk, and Maddclino, 20 to 1 v. any other?. Maddelina was the first to move from a good start, but The Nun soon appeared at the front, and with Cbesham, Maddelina, Acme, Halcyon, and Blair gowrie in attendance, led to the tan crossing, when ehe suddenly went back, and Louisa Eorta appeared in command, but only tor a moment, when Acme, who was near ihe rails, shot to tbe front, a: d began to leave the field. Little further on, Chesbam and Halcyon tired, and Maddelina and Blairgowrie went to chase Acme, but tbe litter was full of running, aid sailing away without an effoit, she won in a canter by four lengths, leaving Maddeii-na and Blair gowrie to run a great race for second pi ice, in wbicli endeavour' Maddelina secured the position by a head. Louisa Berta was fourth, and attor came Cbesham, Dividend, The Nun, Halcyon, ri elephoce, Devotion, Trojan, and Essie, with Dafferiu last. -VSellikg Bace, Beven furlongs. — Mr. J. TYi'ne's ch c- Albenus, 9:t 61b (M'Dowall), 1 ; Mr. T, Coffey's brg Scsramouehe, 7et 71b (Sanger?), 2; Mr. T. Jones, ch c Solo, 8st 61b (Flanagan), 3. Pban'om, Virago, Agalha, Stonebroke, Egbert, Pkaor, and Sparkle also started. Betting: 3 to 1 v. Ybago.4 to 1 v Stonebroke, 6 to 1 v Pbantom, 7 tolv ll- banus, 12 to 1 v others. Altanrs led all she way, and won a fine race with a head f ro ni t caramouche, with Solo a neck away. Thb Yictouia Dekby. Colt?, 8ff 10!b ; fillies, 8st 5lb. One and a-balf mile.— Hon. J. White's br c Nordenfeldt, by Musket— Onyx, 8it 1.1b (ffll;.-), 1 ; Mr. W. Kelio's brc First Chest' r, by Chester — Marie Stuart, 8st 101b (Kelso), 2 ; Hon. W Robin son's br c Winchester, by St. Gorge — Miss Flat, 8st 101b (Power), 3. Semu!, Dunlop, Isonomy, Thunderbolt, and Urall 1 also started. B.-it-ing: 5 lo 4 v Nordenfeldt, 5 to 1 v ThunderOol-, 6 to 1 v Do- notry and Dunlop, 8 to 1 v Uralla, 14 to 1 v First Chester, 20 to 1 v Remus and Winchester. After two utt-empts the signal was giren for a sart, First Chester and Nordenfeldt jumping from the mark: but as eoon as they got going, Sanders !o.-k Remus lo the front, and led round tho -river liu'-i two lengths in advance cf Nordenfeldt and Isonomy. after whom came Dunlop, First Chester, Winchester, and Ural'a. Itonomy then went up second, and be fore r-aching Ihe bridge ho was two l-ngths clear from Nordenfeldt and Thundc-rbelb, and within a length and a half of the leader. As ihc-y passed tbe bridge, Isonomy wa3 on terms with Erinu?, and a length from them came Nordenfeldt and Thunder bolt on equal terms, and watching each other, the others clustered two lengths away, and UiMlla coin- ing up rapidly on tlie outside. -Binding mc pace rather slow, Isonomy left Remus, and between the ba:-k of the avattoirs established a lead of several lengths. Remns was still second, and clear of Nor denfeldt and Thunderbolt, the others two lei gths off together, except Fiist Chester, who had be3n pulled back laBt. At the abattoirs Isonomy was three lengths in front of Remus, Nordenfeldt, and Thun derbolt, after whom succeeded Wioche.-fcer, Dunlop, and Uralla on terms, First Chester still last. As they raced pest the stand, the pace grew stronger, and Hi alia got within two lengths of leonomy, while Dunlop appeared to be beateD. They els d on the leader at the ha'f-mile post, where U ralia ' ' a good positiln on the oulside. Isonomy .jfirst to turn into Lhs straight, with 1 hunde?& ) at his girths ; but no sooner were they round thern than First Chester against the rails, and Nordenfeldt on l.ho outside, joined tbem. Uraili then made one effort, and retired. Ieonomy held a slight com mand at the 'distance, and he then began to roll about, and First Chester, who dashed up oa tho in side, cut him down, and appeared in front. Norden feldt and First Chester made an effort at the same time, and a great racs ensued, Nordenfeldt coming with bi3 usual gamenees, and caught First Chester. The whips were brought into play, when First Chester swerred badly and cannoned against Nor denfeldt, who lost ground, but came' up agcin retc- lulely, but was again cannoned, and the pair raced to tho post locked together amidst tho greatest excite ment. With one desnerate effort Nordenfeldt again caught his opponent, and defeated him by a siiGrfc head, Winchester a length off third, then half a length came Thunderbolt;, followed by Isonomy, Dunlop, and Remus, with Uralla a bad last. Time, 2 minutes, 48jf seconds. Cobetbg StakbS, 1 mile and a furlong.— Mr. 'T. Jones' Bohemian, Maribyrnong — Nina, 7?t- fiN'' (Flannagan), 1st. ; Mr. W. Crozier's .Lantern, Set. lllbs. (D. O'Biien), 2 ; Hon. W. Pearson's Par.idyi 6st. (Qovy), 3. Stafford, tho Ghost, .a-iilee, Diik Ha)teivi:k, Israelite, Wing, Lord Exeter, Lavingfc'Jiji Merriimi, Marie Louise, Tempe, Waverley, Recall, Honeycomb, Real Jam, Phaon and Butirejs also started. Bettiog : 5 to 2 v. Bohemian, 3 to 1 7- Tempe and Marie Lou:se, 6 to 1 v. Merrinni, 7 to 1 v. Lmtern, 10 to 20 lo 1 v. ethers. Lmtorn ltd ; most of the way, attended by Wiug, Ira-lee, an Marie Louise, but Bohemian ran to tbo front at th0 distance, and won by a length from Lautcm- Parody was two lengths away, followed by M0TWm' Tempe, and Jrrallee on close terms, '-ii®6! minute 59jj seconds, 