JEALOUSY: A True Tale of Modern Life. » CHAPTER XXXIX. Of course pity was the first feeling : but, by the me Mrs Gaunt revived, her fainting, so soon after Mi. Allans s proposal, bad produced a sinister effect- on the minds of ail present ; and every face showed it, except the wary Houseman's. Un ner retiring, it broke oat first in murmurs, t-nen in plain words. A, L.' Mr. Atkins, lie now showed the moderation of an able man who feels he lias a strong cause. He merely said, ' I think there should be con- s .ibie.. u -jo lit, in case of an escape being attempted ; but J. --fee with Mr. Houseman, that your worships will be quite- justified in taking bail, "provided the crPu- delicti should not be found. Geotlemen, you We e most of you neighbours and friends o? the dice , and are, I am sure, lovers of justice : I do entreat you to aid me in searching that pieee of yi-tc. , by the side of which the deceased gentleman v. aa heard to cry for help; and, much I fear, he crudinyain.' 1 he persons thus appealed to entered into the i — ter with all the ardour of just men, whose c.i.r.„,ity as well as justice is inflamed. A set of old rusty drags was found on the piem.se., ; and men went punting up and down the mere, and dragged it. Rud.„ hooks were made by the village blacksmith, and fitted to cart-ropes ; another boat was brought. io ucrmuaw m a waggon, and all that afternoon the bottom of the mere was raked ; and seme curious things fished up. But no dead man. The next day a score of amateur dragsmen were out : scnie throwing their drags from the bridge ; some circulating in boats, and even in large tubes. And, meantime, Mr. Atkins and his crew went steadily up and down dragging every foot of those placid waters. They worked till dinner-time, and brought up a good, copper pot with two handles, a horse's head, and several deeajel trunks of trees, which had become saturated, and sunk to the bot'om. At about three in the afternoon, two boys who, for want of a boat, were dragging from the bridge, found something heavy but e'astie at the end of their drag : they pulled up eagerly, and a thing like a huge turnip, half gnawed, came up, with a great bob, aiid blasted their sight. 1 hey let go, drags and all, and stobd shrieking, and shrieking. Those who were nearest them called out, and aikcd what was the matter ; but the boys did not reply, and their faces showed so white, that a woman, who saw Ihern, screamed to Mr. Atkins, and said sac was sure those boys had seen something out of the common. Mr. Atkins came up, and found the boys blubber- in?. ii 6 PnOOLiracPfl f.hpm n.Tlfl f Kor lyim n fearful thing had come up ; it was like a man's head and shoulders all scooped out and gnawed by the fishes ; and had torn the drags cut of their hands. Mr. Atkins made them tell him the exact place ; and was soon upon it with his boat. The water here was very deep, and though the boys kept pointing to the very spot, the drags found nothing for some time. But at last they showed, by their resistance, that they had clawed ho'd of something. 'Draw slowly,' said Mr. Atkins, 'and, if it i3, be men, and hold fast.'1 The men drew slowly, slowly, and presently there rose to the surface a Tiling to strike terror and loathing into the stoutest heart. The mutilated remains of a human face and body. The greedy pike had cleared, not the features only, but the entire flesh off the face ; but had left the hair, and the tight skin of the forehead, though their tee.h had raked this last. The remnants they had left male what they had mutilated doubly horrible ; since now it was not a skull ; not a skele ton ; but a face and a man gnawed down to the bones and hair aid feet. These last were in stout shoes that resisted even those voracious teeth; and a leathern stock had offered some little protection to the throat. The men groaned, and hid their face3 with one hand, and pulled softly to tne shore with the other ; and then, with half-averted faces, they drew the ghastly remains and fluttering rags gently and reverently to land. Dir. Atkins yielded to nature, and was violently sick at the sight he had searched for so eagerly. As soon as he recovered his powers, he bade the constables guard the body (it was a body, in law), and see that no one laid so much as a finger on it until some magistrate had taken a deposition. He also sent a messenger to Mr. Houseman, telling him the corpus delicti was found. He did this, partly to show that gentleman he was right in his judg ment, and partly out of common humanity ; since, after this discovery, Mr. Houseman's client was sure to be tried for her life. A magistrate soon came, and viewed the remains, and took careful note3 of the state in which they were found. Houseman came, and was much affected both by the sight of his dead friend, so mutilated, and by the probable consequences to Mrs. Gaunt. However, as lawyers fight very hard, he recovered himself enough to remark that there were no marks of violence before death, and insisted on. this being inserted in the magistrate's notes. An inquest was ordered next diy, and meantime Mrs Gaunt was told she could not quit the upper apartments of her own house. Two constables were placed on the ground floor night and day. Next day the remains were removed to the little inn, where Griffith had Epent so many jovial hours ; lai I on a table, and covered with a white sheet. The coroner's jury sat in the same room, as was then the custom, and the cvidenee I have already noticed was gone into, and the finding of the body deposed to. The jury, without hesitation, returned a verdict of wilful murder. Mrs. Gaunt was then brought in. She came, white as a ghost, leaning upon Houseman's shoulder. Upon her entering, a juryman, by a humane im pulse, drew the sheet over the remains again. The coroner, according to the custom of the day, put a question to Mrs. Gaunt, with the view of eliciting her guilt. If I remember light, he asked how she came to be out of doors so late on the night of the murder. Mrs. Gaunt, however, was in no condition to' answer queries. I doubt if she even heard this one. Her lovely eyes, dilated with hor ror, were fixed on that terrible sheet, with a stony glance. 'Show me,' she gasped, 'and let me die too.' The jurymen looked, with doubtful faces, at the coroner. He bowed a grave assent. The nearest juryman withdrew the sheet. Now, the bciief wa3 not yet extinct that the dead body shows some signs of its murderer's approach. So every eye glared on her and It by turns, as she, with dilated, horror-stricken orbs, looked on that awful Thing. CHAPTER XL. , She recoiled with a violent shudder at first ; and . hid her face with one hand. Then she gradually stole a horror-stricken side glance. She had not looked at it so a moment, when she uttered a loud cry, and pointed at its feet with ouivering hand. " ' The shoes ! the shoe3 ! — Tfc is not my Griffith.' With this she fell into violent hysteric3, and ws carried out cf the room at Houseman's earnest en treaty. As soon as she was gone, Mr. Houseman, being freed from his fear that his client would commit her self irretrievably, recovered a show of composure, and his wits went keenly to work; ' On behalf of the accused,' said he, I admit the suicide of some person unknown, wearing heavy hob nailed shoc-s; probably one of the lower order of This adroit remark produced some little effect, notwithstanding the strong feeling against the accused. The coroner inquired if there were any bodily marks by which the remains could he identified. ' My master had a long black mole on his forehead,' suggested Caroline Ryder. ' 'Tis here !' cried a juryman, bending over the re mains. . And now they all gathered in great excitement round the corpus delicti ; and there, sure enough, was a long black mole. Then there was a buzz of pity for Griffith Gaunt, followed by a stern murmur of execration. ' Gentlemen,' said the coroner solemnly, ' behold in this the finger of Heaven. The poor gentleman may well have put of his hoots, since, it seems, ho left his horse : but he could not take from his fore- head his natal sign; and that, by God's will, hath strangely escaped mutilation, and revealed a most foul deed. "Vfo must now do our duty, gentlemen, without respect of persons.' A warrant wis then issued for the apprehension of Thomas Leicester. And that same night Mrs. Gannt left Hernshaw in her own chariot between two con stables, and escorted by armed yeomen. Her proud heart was bowed almost to her knees, aud her streaming eyes hidden in her lovely hands. For why ? A mol> accompanied her for miies, shout ing, ' Murderess ! Bloody Papist ! Hast done to death the kindliest gentleman in Cumberland. We'll all come to see thee hanged. Fair face and foul heart !' — and groaning, hissing, and cursing, and indeed only kept from violence by the escort. And so they took that poor proud lady and lodged her in Carlisle gaol. She was enceinte into the bargain, by the man she \Vas to he hanged for murdering. CHAPTER XLI. The county was against her, with some few oxcep" tions. Sir George Neville and Mr. Houseman stood stoutly by her. Sir George's influence and money obtained her cer tain comforts in gaoi ; and, in that day, the law of England was so far respected in a gaol, that untried prisoners were not thrown into cells, nor impeded, as they now are, in preparing their defence. Her two staunch friends visited her every day, and tried to keep her heart up. But they could not do it. She was in a state of dejection bordering upon lethargy. ' If he is dead,' said she, ' what matters it? If, by God's mercy, he is alive still, he will not let mo die for want of a word from him. Impatience hath been my bane. Now, I say, God's will ho done. I am wear)' oi the world. Houseman tried every argument to rouse her out of this desperate frame of mini : hut in vain. It ran its course, and then, behold, it passed away like a cloud, and there came a keen desire to live and defeat her accusers. She made Houseman write out all the evidence against her, and she studied it by day and thought of it by night ; and often surprised both her friends by the acuteness of her remarks. Mr. Atkins discontinued his advertisements ; _ it was Houseman who now filled every paper_ with notices, informing Griffith Gaunt of his accession to fortune, and entreated him for that, and other weighty reasons to communicate in confidence with his £old friend John Houseman, attorney-at-law. Houseman was too wary to invite him to appear and save his wife ; for in that case, he feared the Crown would use his advertisements as evidence at the trial, should Griffith not appear. The fact is, Houseman relied more upon certain lacunas in the evidence and the absence of all marks of violence, than upon any hope that Griffith might be alive. The assizes drew near, aud no fresh light broke in upon this mysterious caso. Mrs. Gaunt lay in her bed at night, and thought and thought. Now tlie female understanding has sometimes re markable power under such circumstances. By degrees Truth flashes across it, like lightning in the dark. After many such nightly meditations, Mrs. Gaunt sent one day for Sir George Nevilo and Mr. House man, and addressed them as follows : — " I believe he is alive, and that I can guess where he is at this moment.' Both the gentlemen started and looked amazed. 'Yes, sirs; so sure as we sit here, he is now at a little inn in Lancashire, called the ' Packhorse.' with a woman he calls his wife.' And with, this, her face was scarlet, and her eyes flashed their old fire. She exacted a solemn promise of seeresy from them, and then she told them all she had learned from Thomas Leicester. ' And so now,' said she, 'Ihelieve you can save my life, if you think it is worth saving.' And with this she began to cry bitterly. But Houseman, tho practical, had no patience with the pangs of love betrayed, and jealousy, and such small deer, iu a client whose life was at stake. ' Great Heaven ! madam,' said he, roughly, ' why did you not tell me this before ?' ' Because I am not a man — to go and tell every thing all at onee,' sobbed Mrs. Gaunt. ' Besides I wanted to shield his good name, whose dear life they pretend I have taken.' As soon as she recovered her composure, she begged Sir George Neville to rifle to the Packhorse for her. Sir George assented eagerly ; hut asked how he was to find it. ' I have thought of that too, ' said she. ' His black horse has been too and fro. Ride that horse into Lancashire, aud give him his head : ten to one hut he takes you the place, or where you may hear of it. If not, go to Lancaster, and ask about the Packhorse. Ho wrote to me from Lancaster : see.' And she showed him the letter. Sir George embraced with ardour this opportunity of serving her. ' I'll he at Hernshaw in one hour,' said he, ' and ride the black horse south at once.' ' Excuse me,' said Houseman ; ' but would it nob he better for me to go ? As a lawyer, I may be more able to cope with her.' ' Nay,' said Mrs. Gaunt, ' Sir George is young and handsome : if he manages well, she will tell him more than she will you. All I beg of him is, to drop the chevalier for this once, and see women with a woman's eyes and not with a man's ; see them as they are. Do not go telling a creature of this kind that she has had my money, as well as my husband, and ought to pity me lying here in prison. Keep me out of her sight as much as you can. Whether Griffith hath deceived her or not, yon will never raise in her any feeling but love for him, and hatred for his lawful wife. Dress like a yeoman ; go quietly, and lodge in the houso a day or two ; begin by flat tering her ; and then get from her when she saw him last, or heard from him. But indeed you will surprise him with her.' ' Fear ?' exclaimed Sir George. ' Well, hope, then,' said the lady ; aud a tear trickled down her face in a moment. ' But if you do, promise me, on your honour as a gentleman, not to affront him. For I know you think him a villain.' ' A d d villain ! saving your presence.' ' Well, sir, you have said it to me. Now promise me to say nought to him, hut just this: 'Rose Gaunt's mother she lies in Carlisle gaol, to he tried for her life for murdering you. She begs of you not to let her die publicly upon the scaffold ; hut quietly at home, of her broken heart.' ' ' Write it,' said Sir George, with the tears in his eyes, ' that I may just put it in his hand ; for I can never utter your sweet words to such a monster as he is.' Armed with this appeal, and several minute in structions, which it is needless to particularize here, that staunch friend rode into Lancashire. And next day the black horse justified his mis tress's sagacity, and his own. Ho seemed all along to know where he was- going, and late in the afternoon he turned off the road on to a piece of green : and Sir George, with a beating heart, saw right before him the sign of the ' Pack- horse,' and on coming nearer, the words THOMAS LEICESTER. He dismounted at the door, and asked if he could have a bed. Mrs. Viat said yes ; and supper into the bargain, if he liked. He ordered a substantial supper directly. Mrs. Vint saw at once it was a good customer, and showed him into the parlour. He sat down by the fire. But the moment she re tired, he got up and made a circuit of the .house, looking quietly into every window, to see if he could catch a glance of Griffith Gaunt. There were no signs of him ; and Sir George re turned to his parlour heavy-hearted. One hope, the greatest of all, had been defeated directly. Still it was just possible that Griffith might he away on tem porary business. In this faint hope, Sir George strolled about till his supper was ready for him. When he had eaten his supper, he rang the hell, and taking advantage of a common custom, insisted on the landlord, Thomas Leisester, taking a glass with him. ' Thomas Leicester ! ' said the girl. ' He is not at home. But Til send Master Vint.' Old Vint came in, and readily accepted an invita tion to drink his guest's health. Sir George found him loquacious, aud soon ex tracted from him that his daughter Mercy was Lei cester's wife, that Leicester was gone on a 'journey, and that Mercy was in care for him. .' Leastways,' said he, ' she is very dull, and cries at times when her mother speaks of him ; but she is too close to say much.' All this puzzled Sir George Neville sorely. But greater surprises were in store. The next morning, after breakfast, the servant came and told him Dame Leicester desired to see him. He started at that, bnt put on nonchalance, and said he was at her service. He was ushered into another parlour, and there he found a grave, comely, young woman, seated working, with a child on the floor beside her. She rose quietly; he bowed low and respectfully ; she blushed faintly ; hut, with every appearance of self- possession, cur- sied to him ; then eyed him point blank a single mo ment ; and requested him to he seated. ' I hear, sir,' said she, ' you did ask my father many questions last night ; may I ask you one ? ' Sir George coloured, but bowed assent. ' From whom had you the black horse you ride ? ' Now, if Sir George had not been a veracious man, he would havo been caught directly. But, although he saw at once the oversight he had committed, he replied, 'I had him of a lady in Cumberland, one Mistress Gaunt." Mercy Vint trembled. _ ' No doubt,' said she, softly. ' Excuse my ques tion ; you shall understand that the horse is well- known here.' 'Madam,' said Sir George, ' if you admire the horse, he is at your service for twenty pounds, though indeed he is worth more.'. ' ' I thank you, sir,' said Mercy, ' I have no desire for the horse whatever ; and he pleased to excuse my curiosity ; you must think me impertinent.' ' ' Nay, madam,' said Sir George, ' I consider nothing impertinent that hath procured me the pleasure of an ; interview with you.! He then, as directed by Mrs. Gaunt, proceeded to. flatter the mother .and the child, and exerted those ; powers of pleasing which had made him irresistible in society. Here, however, he found they went a very little way. Mercy did not even smile. She cast out of her dove-like eyes a gentle, humble, reproachful glance, i as much as to say, ' What ! do I seem so a vain a creature as to believe all this ?' Sir George himself had tact and sensibility, and | by-and- by became discontented with the part he was I playing, under those meek, honest eyes. There was a pause ; aud, as her sex have a won derful art of reading tbe face, Mercy looked at him I steadily, and said, ' Yes, sir, 'tis best to be straight- I forward, especially with women-folk.' I Before he could recover this little facer, she said, I quietly, ' What is your name !' I ' George Neville." I ' W ell , George Neville,' said Mercy, very slowly I and softly, ' when you have a mind to tell me what I you came here for, and who sent you, you will find I mc in this little room. I seldom leave it now. I beg I you to speak your errand to none hut me.' And she I sit, ucu Sir George bowed low, and retired to collect his wits. He had come here strongly prepossessed against Mercy. But, instead of a vulgar, shallow weman, whom he was to surprise into confession, he encoun tered a soft-eyed Puritan, all unpretending dignity, grace, propriety, and sagacity. ' Flatter her !' he said to himself, ' I might as well flatter an iceberg. Outwit her ! I feel like a child j beside her." He strolled about in a brown study, not knowing what to do. She had given him a fair opening. She had invited him to tell the truth. But he was afraid to take her at her word, and yet what was the use to persist in what his own eyes told him was the wrong course ? While he hesitated, and debated within himself, a I trifling incident turned the scale. I A poor woman came begging with her ehild, and I was received rather roughly by Harry Vint. ' Pass I on, good woman, said he, ' we want no tramps here.' I Then a window was opened on the ground floor, I and Mercy beckoned the woman. Sir George flat- I ened himself against the wall, and listened to the two I talking. I Mercy examined the woman gently,, hut shrewdly, I and elicited a tale of genuine distress. Sir George then saw her hand out to the woman some warm I flannel for herself, and a piece of stuff for the child, I a large piece of bread and a sixpence. I He also caught sight of Mercy's dove- like eyes as sue uestoweu ner alms, ana tney were lit witn an inward lustre. ' She cannot he an ill woman," thought Sir Georgo- ' I'll e'en go by mine own eyes and judgment. After all, Mrs. Gaunt has never seen her, and I have.' He went and knocked at Mercy's door. ' Come in,' said a mild voice. Neville entered, and said, abruptly, and t\ ith great emotion, 'Madam, 1 see you can feel- for tho Un happy : so I take my own way now, and appeal to your pity. I have come to speak to you on the sad dest business.' ' You come from him,' said Mercy, closing her lips tight ; hut her bosom heaved. Her heart aud her judgment grappled like wrestlers that moment. ' Nay, madam,' said Sir George, 'I come from her.' Mercy knew in a moment who her must he. She looked scared, and drew hack with manifest signs of repulsion. Tho movement did not escape Sir George ; it alarmed him. He remembered what Mrs. Gannt had said, that this woman would he sure to hate Gaunt's lawful wife. But it was too late to go hack. He did the next best thing, he rushed on. He threw himself on his knees before Mercy Vint. ' Oh, madam !' he cried, piteously, ' do not set I your heart against the most unhappy lady in Eng land. If you did but know her, her nobleness, her misery ! Before you steel yourself against me, her I friend, let me ask you one question. Do you know I where Mrs. Gaunt is at this moment ?' I Mercy answered coldly, ' How should I know I where the lady is?' ' Well, then, she lies in Carlisle gaol.' ' She — lies — in Carlisle gaol r' repeated Mercy I looking all confused. | ' They accuse her of murdering her husband.' I Mercy uttered a scream, aud catching her child up I off the floor, began to rock herself and moan over it.' I 'No, no, no,' cried Sir George, 'she is innocent, I she is innocent." I ' What is that to me ?' cried Mercy, wildly. ' He I is murdered, he is dead, and my child is an orphan.' I And so she went on moaning and rocking herself. ' But I tell you he is not dead at all,' cried Sir I George. ' 'Tis all a mistake. When did you see him I last?' I ' More than six weeks ago.' I ' I mean, when did you hear from him last?' I ' Never, since that dav.' I Sir George groaned aloud at this intelligence. And Mercy, who heard him groan, was heart broken. She accused herself of Griffith's death. ' 'Twas I who drove him from me,' said she. ' 'Twas I who hade him go hack to Ms lawful wife ; and the wretch hated him. I sent him to his death.' Her grief was wild, and deep ; sho could not hear Sir George's arguments. But presently she said, sternly, 'What does that woman say for herself ?' 'Madam,' said Sir George, dejectedly, 'Heaven knows you are in no condition to fathom a mystery that hath puzzled wiser heads than yours or mine ; and I am hut little able to lay the the tale before you fairly: for your grief it moves me deeply, and I could curse myself for putting the matter to you so bluntly and uncouthly. Permit me to retire a wMle, and compose my own spirits for the task I have un- taken too rashly.' ' Nay, George Neville,' said Mercy, ' stay you there : only give me a moment to draw my breath.' She struggled hard for a little composure, and, after a shower of tears, she hung her head over the chair like a crushed thing, hut made him no sign of attention. Sir George told tho story as fairly as he could, only of course his bias was in favour of Mrs. Gaunt ; but as Mercy's bias was against her, tMs brought the thing nearly square. When he came to the finding of the body Mercy was seized with a deadly faintness : and though she did not become insensible, yet she was in no condi- . tion to judge or comprehend. 1 Sir George was moved with pity, and would have | called for help, hut she shook her head. So then he I sprinkled water on her face and slapped her hand ; and a beautiful moulded hand it was. When she igot a little better she sobbed faintly, and, sobbing, thanked him, and begged him to go oil. ' My mind is stronger than my heart,' she said, ' I'll hear it all, though it kill me where I sit.' Sir George went- on, and, to avoid repetition, I must ask the reader to understand that he left out nothing whatever which has been hitherto related in these pages ; and, in fact, told her one or two little things that I have omitted. When he had done, she sat quite still a minute or two, pale as a statue. . Then she turned to Neville, and said solemnly, 'You wish to know the truth in this dark matter: for dark it is, in very truth." Neville was much impressed by her manner, and answered respectfully, Yes, he desired to know — by all means. ' Then take my hand,' said Mercy, ' and kneel down with me.' Sir George looked surprised, hut obeyed, and kneeled down beside her, with his hand in hera. There was a long pause and then took place a transformation. The dove-like eyes were lifted to Heavan, and gleamed like opals with an inward and celestial light ; the comely face shone with a high beauty, and the rich voice rose in ardent supplication. ' Thou God, to whom all hearts be known, and no secrets hid from tMne eye, look down now on thy servant in sore trouble, that putteth her trust in theo. Give wisdom to the simple this day, and un derstanding to the lowly. Thou that didst reveal to babes and sucklings the great things that were hid den from the wise, oh show us the truth in tMs dark matter : enlighten ns by thy spirit, for his dear sake, who suffered more sorrows than I suffer now. Amen. Then .she looked at Neville : and he said 'Amen,' with all Ms heart, and the tears in Ms eyes. He had never heard real live prayer before. Here tho little hand gripped, his hard, as she wrestled, and the heart seemed to rise out of the bosom and fly to Heaven on the sublime and thrilling voice. They rose, and she sat down ; bnt it seemed as if her eyes once raised to Heaven in prayer could not come down again : they remained fixed and angelic, I and her lips till moved in suppplication. | Sir George Neville, though a loose liver, was no | scoffer : he was smitten with reverence for this in- i spired countenance, and retired, bowing low and ! obsequiously. to bis continued. ' 