ëhilto'iS (Mumu. TUE TWO BABIES. (From.Harper'* Youno Peoiile.). The night before Christmas we'had great fun at our house telling ghost stories. Mr. Travers told about an awful ghost that used to live in an old house where one of Mr. Traver's friends lived. It was a tall, thin woman ghost, with her hair all down, and dressed in a white nightgown. She used to comeintoa room inthemiddleofthe night with a rope in her band, and she would look alt around until she found a good place to hang ' ? herself, and then she would put the rope round her neck and hang just as if she was dead, and the man that saw her would faint away, and when he woke up in the morning she would be gone. One night a young man, who. was a .book agent, and wasn't afraid of anything, slept in the haunted house. . Well, in the middle' of the night thc ghost comes in, and looks around for a nail to hang herself to. The young man said, "Good evening, ma'am. Going to Jiang yourself, I'see. Let mc help you. So. he helps thc. ghost put the rope wound her neck ; but instead of banging her, bc ties the rope Ig^Jlg^bed-poBt so Bile can't get away, and a book that he ^s~tír^wery°~feíiiS|í~-?í ghost ought to buy. i Tile ghost stood it a while, and then she begged and implored him to stop. So be kiuoly and affectionately pointed out to her that she had no right to go and hang herself in other people's bouses, and that if she'd Eroinise never to do it again he'd let her go, ut if she didn't, he'd read the whole book to her, and' it bad more than n million pages. Well, tlie ghost promised, and the young man let ber go, only he kept thc rope, and nobody ever saw her again. Mr. Travers says he Baw the rope himself, which proves that the story is true. 1 went to bcd pretty late that night and woke up about 12 o'clock dreaming of ghoBts. I wasn't a bit frightened, though I was a little nervous, just as Sue is when she thlnkB «he Ileura burglars ; but I was afraid mother might be frightened, so I thought I would go into her room and tell her it was all right, and nobody would hurt her. My little Bister and the baby sleep in the same room with mother, «nd the first thing I Baw waa the baby hanging from the bead of my sister's bed. This almost frightened me, for I thought the baby bad got np in the night and committed suicide. So I called mother as loud as I could, and she sat right np, holding another baby in her arms. This made me sure that the baby hanging to 'the bed-post was a ghost, and then I admit I' was frightened. After a while I found that it was made of rubber, with a loud squeak in it, and was meant for a Christmas present. The rubber baby was just about the size of a real one, and I could hardly tell it from our real baby, only it made less noise. Christmas morning we all had our. presents, and-had a good time over them. My littlest sister would take her baby to Church with her, only mother found it ont, and hid it under her cloak, whirs it squeaked every time mother kneeled down or stood up. Mr. Martin came to dinner Christmas Day, - and spent the evening with us. He was Very good-humoured, and brought me a knife, and I forgave bim everything. He wai very pleasant to mother, and said he did - so - Want to seo ïhe ' baby. After dinner 'we all went into the parlour,' where it was rather dark, for pne oil the lamps didn't burn very well till it was turned up. Mr. Martin dropped into a highchair, hnd Bat very quiet, thinking, as he said, only I believe he . was more than '""lioth'er hod. gone upstairs to see the baby, but presently she came down, and said to Sue "Where on earth is the baby ? It isn't in the nursery,'Ç3nsiiii' ; flo you know anything about if?" "Mr. Martin said, very politely, '"What's that ? .Baby missing 1 I'll find him for. you." And with that Mr. Martin gets up and turns around, and gives a most dreadful yell. There was a baby lying on the chair just as still as if it woad ad. Mr-Martin was sure that somebody had left our baby in the chair, and that he had sat on it and smashed it, and of course he supposed he would have to be hung, abd that father and mother would be offended .with him. Then mother and Sue they shrieked as if a mouse was after, them, and rushed to pick the baby up, aud found that it was the rubber baby, and that it wasn't hurt a bit, except that the squeak ;was spoiled. Just then the nurse brought the real baby in out of thc kitchen, and every- body was happy again. That is, everybody but Mr. Martin. Ho got angry, and said he knew that it was one of that boy's infamous tricks, and he took his hat and went home ; but I never frat the. rubber baby in the chair, and I don't care what he says. " ABE you taking down the speeches ver- batim?" inquired a (smiling individual of a reporter at a political meeting. " Oh, no," replied tho young man, .' I have too much respect for thc speakers to do that." ? When Sydney Smith was informed that his daughter's marriage was announced in the London papers under the heaping of 'Fashion- able Intelligence,'he exclaimed, with a merry twinkle in his eye : 'How absurd ! Why we pay our bill.' : EDWIN (W)IO found is of lecturingh is future bride) -" Well, good-by, Augy. 1 dont know how) it is-but I always seem to leave you in tears !" Angelina, (tenderly, through her sobs -" I-I-I'd sooner you would leave me in tears, love,, than never leave me at all 1" ? Two Irishmen in crossing a field came in contract, with a donkey which was making "day hideous" with his unearthlyJjraying. Tim stood a moment in "astonishment, but turning to l'at, who. seemed much enraptured iwith/the.song.as himself, remarked^*"'It's a fine large ear that bird bas for matte, Pat, but:bo'6¿ot ah awful cowld." - < ' ' ! '.POC*6E': " Well biw, are we: tooday t*" !?¿tlo«::'"Oh; Tve ' haH-'a" miserableïàay. doctor."' Doctor:' Brit your wife l&ys; you' havef/t groped at all to-day, while yester h¿yua-ii»p0Héh't 5 .« Goof reason ; though ' there wasn't anybody, round. That'woman ls always taking an unfair advantage of ' me." 