Facts and Fancies. Khooked on the head-A nail. The oldest settler in the West-The sun. Wheels go best when they are thoroughly tired. The train of thought leads the ponoil, and henoo it is a led pencil. What kind of a field is older than you are?-One that is pasturage. * A Host in Himself-The cannibal who devoured his entertainer. A new astronomer contends that the moon is flat. It will be round at the proper time all the same. Domostio Philosophy-When there is a storm in the nursery, the mother will caster oil on the waters in vain. The man who sighs, " How soon we are forgotten I" has only to leave an hotel without paying his bill to find how sadly mistaken ho is. The man who returned his neighbor's borrowed umbrella, was seen yesterday walking in company with the young lady who passed a looking glasB without taking a peep, We believe they are en« gaged. A sharper, who had pawned his hat, going out of ohurch in the middle of a crowd, snatched a man's hat from under his arm. The poor fellow, feeling his hat gone, cried, "They have stolen my hat." The sharper, immediately putting the hat on his head, and covering it with both hands, exclaimed, " Have they ! Idefy them to take mine." ""Iwishlwaa a ghoat, blamed if I don't," said a poor fellow, the other night, as he sat soliloquising in the cold. "They goes wherever they pleaseB, toll free I they don't owe nobody nothing, and that's a oomfort. Who ever hoard tell of a man who had a bill agin a ghoBt P Nobody. They never has to buy hats and wittals and liquor, nor has to run arrants as I do. Their shirts never getB dirty nor their trousers out at the knees, as I ever heard tell on. Ghosts is the only independent people I knows on. I raily wish I was one 1" Among the passengers on the Erie railroad was a graceless personage, who amused himself and annoyed the other passengers by roaring forth fragments of negro melodies, and such-like choice musical bits. All at onoe it seemed to strike him that his perfor- mances were not appreciated. "Ladies," he re- marked to the passengers generally, "p'raps my singing isn't agreeable to you." The suggestion was agreed to, nein. con. "I'm Borry you don't like it; but I do ; and when I travel I always make a point to enjoy myself-that's what 1 travel for, I do. I ra, sorry you don't like music ; but I don't see how I oan help it I" and he struck up another melody. Why is one who falsifies like a person deeply in debt ? Because he has great li-abilities. PUN UPON PUN. On my admonishing a patient upon one occasion for his supposed habit of eating too fast, and telling him that " bolting " his ford was a 'bar to digestion, he said : " You speak ' iron-ioally,' dootor." Why is twioe 11 like 10? Beoause twice 11 is twenty-two, and twice 10 ia twenty too. THE YOUNO LAMBS' IMPROVED CATECHISM. What is the wholejluty of women? To drew, to sing, to dance, to play on the pianoforte, to gabble French or German, and preside gracefully at the tea- table -What is a man ? A thing to waltz with, to flirt with, to take one to the theatre, to laugh at, to be married to, to pay one's bills, and to keen one oomfortably !-What is life P A polka, a Sohottisoh, a dance that one must whirl through as fast as possible !-What ÍB death? Hem, something that it's unfashionable to talk of, to whisper of, to think of, so the less that's said about it the better. Why are wrinkles like the figures of a clock? Because they are marks of time on the faoo. " Diseases is very various," said Mrs. Partington, as she returned from a street-door conversation with Dr. Bolus. " The doctor tell8 me that poor old Mrs. Haze has got two buckles on her lungs. It is dreadful to think of, 1 deolare. The disease is so various. One day we hear of people's dying of hermitage of the lungs, another of brown oreatures ; here they tell na of the elementary oanal being out of order, and there about toneors of the throat; hore we hear of neurology in the head, there of an embargo : one side of ua we hear of men being killed by getting a pound of tough beef in the sarcofagus, and there another kills himself by dis- covering MB jocular vein. Things ohange BO, that I deolare I don't know" how to subscribo for any disease now- a-days. New names and new nostrals take the Elace of the old, and I might as well throw my old erb bag away," Fifteen minutée afterwards Isaac had that herb bag for a target, and broke three squares of glass in the kitchen window trying to hit it, before the old lady knew what he was about. She didn't mean exactly what she said. 