TORF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATI3KS. By Abmodbub. Elsterntrick Park will bo tlio venue tliis afternoon, and a porusal of tbo pro'graramo favors tko anticipation of some excellent sport At the eleventh liour the card has received a valuablcaddition in thoNew Ohuin Trophy, value SO sovs.', the gift of an English sportsman now en -tour. The contest for this trophy will take 'the form of a welter handicap over a mile and a distance, amateur riders. Inasmuch as there are eight events embraced in the bill of fare, inclusivo of a couple of trotting races, the afternoon's sport promises to be fast and furious. All the handicaps nro so well patro nised that largo fields are vouchsafed. At pre sent the' Hurdle Eaco appears a difficult thing to pipk, and, in the faco of such a number of comparatively unknowns as those engaged, it would porhaps bo safer to anticipate the winner to come from tko top division, which in cludes Tantalisar, General Jaokson and Oou- 11st.; It must not be forgotten, however, that The Chief has on a former occasion displayed a partiality for tho Elsternwick course, and as ho is very loniently dealt with at 9 et, 12 lb. ho may bo well able to repeat tho trick. Besides, his condition lias materially improved sinco his last viotory, so that whatovor beats him will very near win. . I like Equity the boat of those lower down tho list. In attempting a cast for placings I would bo inclined to name them thus:— Tho Chief, .Ooulist, General Jackson. In the December Handicap Mrs. Jarley, 6 at. 81b., presents on paper ono of the best things seen for some time, and while plumping for this Blippery lady, Vascosa and Honora impress me as possessing the next best claims for distinc-. tion. If the Dowling Forest division show fight in tho Steepleohaso with Starfish I shall expect to see him rovengo his Mooneo Valley defeat on Goodwood, who, however, is in such fine form just " now that ho is again bound to run well. Irishman or Robin look the pick of the othors. Primus, Mabel Gray and Ace should fill the leading positions in the Selling Eaco j while Gipsy's Warning, Genoe and Irraleo may show a bold front in tho Elsternwick Park Handicap. For tho Now Chum Trophy I shall pin my faith to Genoe, Bon Bon and Distiller in the order named. , The oppressive heat which prevailed last Saturday exercised a prejudicial influence on tho attendance at Mooneo Valley, and a financial loss would probably have resulted but for the profit derived from tho two selling races embraced in tho programme; tho same yielding a surplus of X 1 GO, all of which wont to tho funds of Bowes's Tattersall's. Colleon Dlias inado a successful opening display in tho Nursery Handicap, thus compensating for her disappointment on tho preceding Saturday. She had the field at hor mercy in the first furlong, and romped homo an .easy winner. It was quite refreshing to note tho „ victory of a veteran, and- straight going sportsman liko Mr. Basil Gray, who ruus horses purely for tho sake of the sport. Colleen Dhas is a well bred filly, by Par-is (son of Panio and Miss Melbourne), from .Colleen Bawn, the' last named being also the dam of Welcome Jaok, co-divider of tho Mari- byrnong Plate in 1880. She was bred at Bryan O'Lynn, the" : birthplace of Commotion and numerous other horses of high repute. Tho Selling Eaco was voted a moral for Scara- mouohe by. the nstuto followers of Coffey's stable, and tho money went on accordingly ; but before tho Hold had gone a hundred yards the favorite - was observed to break down badly, and it was with difficulty that lie hobbled back to the paddock on three legs. The attempts to, open up speculation over Bowes's Tattersall's Oup .on the day preceding the race resulted : in a strong demonstration on behalf of Xantippe, and as the Mordialloo mare was on everybody's lips during tho progress of preliminary, operations in tho paddock, she promised to start a'particularly strong favorite, An horn- before the race, howoTer, the pen was unexpectedly run through her name, thereby bringing forth lamentations long and loud from those who imprudently baoked the mare on the supposition that she was a certain starter. Tho Cup being a race of more than ordinary im portance, and made tho medium of considerable speculation, it was not surprising that tho late withdrawal of a prominent favorite should elicit unfavorable comment — such transactions in evitably do— and the eleventh hour withdrawal of Xantippe was as adversely criticised as the scratching of her stable companion Merrimu at Bendigo, and of , Minerva at Wagga Wugga. Possibly there might have been some more satisfactory explanation for tho uuoxpected re tirement of Xantippe, who was on the course, other than that which was com- mmonly rumored to account for the pen being put through hor name, viz., tho old and familiar racecourse cry "forestalled." Whether this was the true cause of Xantippe not going to the post I am not in a position to say ; but those more pecuniarily interested than othors were noitkor very sparing nor, perhnps, very just in their oritieism. There can he no doubt that Xnntippe's suddon disappearance divested the Cup contest of a considerable degree of in terest, and hor absenco encouraged the South Australians to como forward on behalf of Gratitude, who eventually left tho paddock a bad horse for tho books. Mrs. Jarley and Por- chance obtained such a long lead after going throe furlongs as to make it almost appear that they had stolen a march. They continued to travel so woll that at the homo turn Gratitude was tho only opponent capable of challenging thom. So gonorously did tho Oaks victress respond that she won pretty comfortably from Mrs. Jarloy at the finish, Perchance running a moderate third, followed by Mario Louise, on whom Saunders was at work after going n fur long. Mr. J. Pilo and a fow othor prominent South Australian owners throw in for a largo stako by tho victory of Gratitude, who has thus in a fair measure compensated for tho losses sustained in connection with her non-success In the Caulfiold Cup and at Bendigo, whon de feated by Umberto. There are fow trainers more deserving of a win than Hnrry Tot- hill, whoso stable bears a reputation for straightforwardness and plain sailing that muBt bo highly gratifying to himself and patrons. This, too, at a period when turf morality is not perhaps what it ought to be. ; whon stablo finesse, general market transactions, and the ill . timed nso of tho scratchingpenaro tactics so widely adopted; frequently for the purposo of blinding the pub lic, handicappers and the press. Whon so little can unfortunately bo advanced in favor of a numberof owners and trainers, it is, I repeat, particularly pleasing to note tho success, of a painstaking, plain spoken and plain dealing trainer of Tothill'a stamp. It was equally gratifying to observe Wyman's success on tho favorito,. this being his first appearance in tho saddle sinco ho played such a conspiouous part in the Caulfleld Cup accident. Trishna had all hor work cut outin tho Juvenilo Stakes, and Phcebe Walton pressed hor so closely in the homo stretch that tho odds laid, on tho. Now South Wales bred filly looked momentarily in doubt. The winner, who is a daughter of The Drummer and Colima, was bred at Tocal, and Mr. A. Hallinhourg, her new owner, is sup posed to have given full value for her at £140. In the Steeplechase, Huht followed up his previous good luok with Goodwood, whose form has changed marvellously with a change of owners. Jones's stable served up a good thing in Solo for tho concluding evont, Newminster's son and half brother to Colstoun winning very cleverly from Orlando, who out out the work so strongly throughout that ho promised to tako a deal of overhauling, Tho afternoon's transactions were against the fielders, who experienced some heavy blows by tho victories of Gratitudo, Trishna, Solo, Good wood and Ace. Mr. E. T. Barnard has issuod a substantial budget of handicaps for the New Year's Day Meeting -at Flemington. Malua occupies a prominent position in the Standish Plato with 9 st. 13 lb., and, although tho task set him is a big ono, it iB not of unprecedented proportions. Fryingpan, it will be remembered, successfully accomplished the- same journoy, one mile, carrying the thumper of 10 st. 1 lb., on which occasion Malua ran into third place with 8 st. 51b. This was, howevot, before tho mighty Tasman inaugurated the sequeuco of memorable victorios which havo caused him to tako rank amongst the foremost of Australian equine champions. In his best form , there can bo little doubt of his ability to concede 6 lb. to his fellow-oountryraan and relative, Sheet Anchor, who ran a great horse in the V E.G. Handicap with a pound more than ho is now asked to carry. His stable companion, Britisher, ought also ho ablo to cut out a fast mile with 8 st. 8 lb. up, and lower down the list Gratitude, 8 St. 6 lb.; Velocipede, 8 st. 3 lb.; Bingmaster, 8 St.; Bohemian, 7 St. 13 lb.; Joouiar, 7 st. 6 lb.; and Mentmore, 7 st. 6 lb. are each and un invested with good winning chances. Juanna, 6 st. 131b.; and Girofla, 6 st. 12 lb.; are also woll treated on their 2-year-old running, and will require attention whenever they return to their best form. In tho Midsummer Handicap. I like best Blink Bonny, 8 st, 9 lb,; Britisher, 8 st. 71b.; Camorino, 8 St., and Stomoway,;7 st. 81b. Bolow these Gipsy's Warning and Per chance, each at 6 st., Bhould hold the rest. safe.' The owners of the two heaviest weighted can didates in the Hurdle Bacs, The Agent, 12' st. 9 lb., and Boyal Maid, 11 st. 10 lb., have ox- pressed their disapproval by recourso- to the scratching pen immediately the handicap was announced. GasaUer promises to be dangerous at 11 st. 2 lb,, and next, to her I ontertain a partiality forGrattan, 9 st. 10 lb., and Cock boat, 9 st. For tho Steeplechase, Mornder, ll st. 5 lb.;' Wymlet, list.; Lady Ashton, 11 St.; Morvon, 10 st. 10 lb.; Starfish, 10 st 81b., and Studley, 10 st.', appear to hold tho best pros pects of success. There is a highly interesting bit of gossip now going tho sporting rounds, , the dramatis jicrsonce to the narrative being a trio of well recognised figures on tho turf, one a well known racing medico, who owns horses and sometimes bets -heavily. The second . may: be termed a turf habitud, who- apparently jexists by the exer cise of his knowledge in oonnection with the turf. He bears tho reputation of being an un commonly good " loo " player, has occasionally been known to "throw, a main," is never adverse to taking a hand at "nap," and, in fact, can fairly hold his own at any. round game be is ever askod to participate in for the accom modation of friends. Besides, he is what may bo termed '".well likod" on the turf, and supposed to possess, the confidence of oor- tain owners,' trainers and jockoys sufficiently to enable him to throw in for good stakes pcriodl cally. He is in fact said to be a vara am of the Australian turf— a lucky backer ; and what with presumably lucky backing, and perhaps still more lucky card playing and main throw ing, he is privileged to lead a luxurious ex istence, The third and last party to the sequel is award in chancery in quest of "colonial experience ;" - a decided masher, .with ap parently unlimited oapital "when- ho comes of age; but not similarly blessed with brain powor. This embryo commoner's eccentricities are said to have already cost him £100,000 during a twelvo months sojourn in Her Majesty's dominions. Now for tho latest' "incident" of his interesting career. Scene I.— A bauquot room in a delightful sub urban villa : Enter tho sporting medico, his friend the habituri and tho ward in chancery, who iB tho guest of tho ovoning. Tho trio do justice to a rechercM dinner. "Lot us to billiards," says the immortal bard. No such inclination prompted tins small but solect party of three. Thoir tastes were Qthorwiso. Scono II. — Another room in tho delight ful suburban villa : Enter tho sporting medico, his friend "the habitud and . their youthful guest. IVhilo tho fragrant weed is boiog indulged in ono of tho company proposes . a quiet gamo of loo, a suggestion that meets with unanimous approval. Eutor Joames with tho cards, and immediately withdraws. " Unlimited, I presume," remarked tho ward, . as tho threo proceeded to tako their places at the table. "Anything you liko ; I'm not parr tlcular," responded tho habitud, whoso confiding and ngroeablo manner is suoh as always places his associates at case. To make a long. gamo short, the doctor's luck was 'ex ceptionnlly good from tho start, albeit? ho is- said to havo played a cautious game, never overtaxing the strength of his hands. Tho habitud's luck was oven greater, ' and as ho "played up" tho gamo like a nobles man he won largely. Tho doctor was content to knook off playing when his winnings amounted to something liko £1200, by no' means a largo sum considering tho amount of' stakes occasionally in tho pool. Tho ward's losings made him desperate, and when the maii of medicine retired from tho game tho wardpera sisted in continuingoperations with tho habitud, who happened to bo in one of his accommodating-, humors, and the pair played single handed loa with the grace, and for stakes worthy of the? ' Marquis of Hastings period. That deadly in-i gradient, commonly called bad luck, adhered to the ward with cruel obstinacy, and when ho' finally relinquished tho cards his losings to tho habitud represented on paper no less a suni ' ' than £25,000. This will at once convoy -'air impression of tho princely manner in which-! tho two gamblers contested "with the good edged squeezers. Even wards in chancery': \ who succoed to immense fortunes on attaining . their majority do not cany £20,000 or £30,000 ' in their pockets on being iuvited out to a quict ? dinner party, hence this scion of a departed . English millionaire commoner had no alterna- j tivebutto put his name to paper for the full ' amount of his indebtedness to his newly intra- i duced acquaintance, the habitud, of whom' ho will probably givo a reminiscent sigh when ; he has occasion to . call to mind; the pleasant i . evening he spent in a quiet Melbourne suburb, . partaking of tho hospitality of the sporting doctor and the sporting doctor's friend. At Moonee Valley last Saturday, -the starting . i appeared faulty in a couple of instances, a state of affairs for whioh tho jookeys were mora to blame than Mr. Gcorgo Watson. If there is one circumstance more than any other conducive to. ' a bad start, it is the fact of horses not being what is technically termed " on the job. " The -> condition of certain horses, their market status ; and othor outward indications were highly sug gestive that Mr. Watson was confronted by a number of non-tiyers on Saturday last, hence- the disinclination to get well away, and unmerited blame levelled at tho starter. Were Mr. Watson to occasionally "name" to the stewards those jockeys who spoil his starts by their lethargic conduot at tho post, consider able good may result by way of perfecting his startingsystem, which, it will bcallowcd, is as near perfection as it is almost possible to make it. Saturday's raoing at Moonee Valley, how-- over, is proof positive that tho recognised wielderof tho flagpar excellence i3 powerless in 1 effeoting a satisfactory despatch when jockeys are indifferent as to whether or not they are loft at the post when tho Sag falls. There are none so deaf as those who won't hear ; nothing so fatal to a starter's best and most successful : efforts as a number of jookeys who are not "on the job." -''J The' Nun's indifferent behavior at Moonee Valley last Saturday considerably discounted ,. her previous performances. The' ring enter- : tained a tolerably good opinion of hor chance :', in such a poor field as that which served to : introduce proceedings, provided of course the filly was herself and supported with tho samo ' confidence as on former occasions. . When i pencils, therefore, had been sharpened; . the opening offers were " 6 to 4 The .Nun.".- There being no inclination to advance to the rescue on theso prohibitive terms : the odds lengthened -to 2 to .1 without any support being forthcoming. Thon some of :. ) the more adventurous fielders became still more . ; liberal, almost any price being forthcoming when the horso3 were at tho posh If this in cident had cropped up with any less prominent' ! two-year-old than The Nun it might not'- havo attracted attention, but occurring as it did with' i a leading juvenile on a suburban course it was' made the subjeot of comment. The' filly; ;' was evidently not in such good form : as' when she won at Flemington or ran second to Aome and Moddolina on separate ocoasions, otherwise the supporters/-;, of the Kingston stablo would probably ha vo ; been forthcoming in a manner characteristic of >' -i the good things which periodically emanate; ",; from that successfully conducted establish. ' ment.-' 'v./T The enterprising liberality of tho Victoria: Amateur Turf Olub has induoed the committee . to offer tho handsome sum of £1300' for distri-' : bution nt the February mooting. This amount' is divided as follows : — Hawksburn Handicap!' ; of 300 sovs. ,.ono'milo and a quarter and a dis- - tance; Oaklcigh Handicap, of 250 sovs., five - furlongs and a half ; Handicap Steeplechase, of -yc 250 sovs., two miles and a half; Criterion!;.; Stakes, of 200, sovs. (closed with 62 subs.); ;'v Hurdle Eaco, of 150 sovs., one mile and a half;'", and Selling Eaco, of , 150 sovs., five furlongs. v There are two Mavourneens engaged. Elsternwick Park this afternoon, One: n'flat:.:;, racer, the other a stcepleoha6er. If b'oth-hmn it will be necessary to change ono of the 'nomca.> f or else affix the numerals IT. t A meeting of th,o stewards and committee j of tho Bendigo Jockoy Olub was held on tho llth" inst. to receivo balance sheet and report; re /! spring meeting. The club began tho season with a credit balance in bank of £180 ; liabilities ' and debentures current £480: outstanding- trade accounts, £80 — £560. From tho profits ofthe meeting £200. Debentures havo boon" re- . tired, and a further sum of £200 placod as a' re- ' servo fund on fixed deposit in the bank;-' all - outstanding accounts have been paid up to' / j date, and sufficient funds arc still in' hand to' carry the club onto tho winter meeting. YheV committee are very confident that next season' - thoywUlbo justified in making liberal addi-! tions to the stakes. Mr. A. O. Wilson, -tlia'. president of the olub, promised to defray tho, oostof a now itud improved judgo's box, and Mr. F. H. book; (Messrs. Joseph and Co.) will give, tho olub a suitable clock to bo placed at 'the: back of the new judgo's box similar to that infuse at the Flemington course' to register the- oifioiiil time of tho various raoes.- ; -Tho, .committee at tho last meeting sought itiforf;' mation from the loading cross country rideny to the best: means of improving tho atceplo- thase course. The suggestions, they received have been carefully considered and several im portant alterations will bo made before the Winter meeting. I presume bookmakers aro as honest as tho generality of persons who ore dependent on tho turf for their livelihood, hut if they don't believe that the public estimato of their character is ae Ligh as it is, or should be, those of their number Who control Bowes's Tattersnll s are ovfdcntiy &esirous; of setting a good, example withrefor- 'ence to tho progress of affairs on a rncccourso, The first thing that greeted visitors at Moonco Valley last Saturday was a printed notico in largo letters, "Scratch your horses early." Tho notification was as well advised as it was suggestive ; and it is only natural to infer that nobody regretted more than did the members of Bowes's that tho owner of Nnntippe should have ignored this earnest printed solicitation, hnd thus delayed the withdrawalof the marc to within an hour of the race. The nnnual raco meeting of the Sale Turf Club has been fixed for 17tli and 18th Feb ruary. The following office bearers have been appointed: — Mr. 1\r. Pearson, president; Cap tain Russell, vice-president ; Mr. M. L. I'ntcr- Eon, treasurer ; Mr. A. A. M'Miliau, secretary ; Stewards, Messrs. IV. Pearson, A. Smith, Geo. Daw's, W. E. Power, E. Johneon-Boe ; handi capper, Mr. Geo. Vowlos. \ The success of tho annual meeting hold under the auspicesof Bowes's Tattersall's Club is now considered sufficiently insured to justify tho executive in proposing to in future equally share the profits with Mr. W. S. Cox, who has hitherto placed tho Moonee Valley course at tho commit Ice's disposal free of cost. I Mr. E. E. Jones, the Sydney leviathan, and a number of other bookmakers, journeyed to Brisbane to attend the newly-formed Tatter sall's Club Races last week. They were unlucky in visiting " bananaland" during the cholera scourge. I don't know whether or not they got " skinners" during pencilling opera tions on tho Eagle Farm course. If they did not secure the proverbial "lamb's fleece," it was not for the want of deserving it. Wo have amongst us any number of women backers who are not abovo putting on their modest sovereign with tho rcady- mor.oy fielders who swarm the race paddocks, but the feminine raeiug mind is more advanced up Silverton way, where the turf can boast of a lady bookmaker. And she is not above touting for patronage, licr card being oxlribited in the principal hotel at Adelaide. Tho Duchess of Montrose, who, it is well known, races under the mm de course of " Mr. Manton," has long since horn a reputation for ijer temperamental perturbation when trans acting cortaiu knotty affairs in connection with her racing stud, in the management of which she has long since taken an active interest. De cidedly ungallant though it may appear, Belts life cracks the following Ian mot at the Duchess's expense : — " Robert the Devil's 6tud euccosb, wo are afraid, judging by 'Devil to Pay,' el alia, will cast a Satanic ring upon our future nomeuolature. We shall have Tho Devil this, the Deuce that, and Mophisto the other, until the vocabulary of Hades becomes amongst turf habitui's as familiar a6 household words. We have been asked to suggest a namo for tbc yearling sister to tho son of Robert the Devil and Polonaise. Considering tho enormous price Archer gave on behalf of Mr. Manton for the brother, possibly as a name ' The Duchess of Montrose ' might not be inappropriate. Anyway, we cordially wish ' Mr. Manton 'good fortune and good luck with his plucky pur chases." Those owners and trainers who are interested in the nominations for the Juvenile Stakes, to be run for at Caulfield on Boxing Day, are re minded that all horses not scratched at 4 p.m. on Monday, 21st December, will be liable for . the sweepstakes— 5 sovs. each The Victorian bred Quamboneson proved tho hero of Brisbane Tattersall's Cup last week, beating a large field over a two miles courso He must have improved beyond recognition since he left his native heath. The evergreen, Yately, formerly a well known figure in Vic torian hurdle race contests, was also in form at the same meeting, for, in addition to running second to Quamboneson in tho Cup, conceding him 19 lb., ho won tho Publican's Purse; and . repeated tiro performance by running n first and o second on tho second day of the meeting. I am informed on good authority, that it is extremely doubtful whether Mr. James White will send over any members of his 2-year-old team to compete for the Juvenile or Normnnby Stakes. The boxes usually at Mr. White's disposal are now occupied by Mr. Joseph Cohen's horses, Royal Maid, Edith, Meander, Wynreric nnd Umbra, who were removed thither from H. Chiffney's stables early in the week. On Wednesday last, at Bowes's Tattersall's, the donor of the New Chum Cup, to ho run for at Elsternwiok Park to-day, offered to tako £000 to 500 about his own mount. The weights for tho Boxing day meeting at Caulfield are not due until Monday next, but Mr. Barnard has taken 'time by tho forelock, being evidently of opinion that the running at telsternwick Park this afternoon will exorcise jqo prejudicial influence on his several compila tions, seeing that the winner of any handicap race after the declaration of weights will have to put up a 5 lb. penalty. In tho Summer Cup Grace Darling occupies the place of honor with 9 st. 3 lb., and as she meets Britisher, 8 et. 8 lb., pn only 3 lb. worse terms than when she de feated him iu the Caulfield Cup, she is not badly treated as compared with the Dowling Forest horse. I am inclined to award both a cliancc, and I liko equally well St. John, 7 st. 10 lb., Bohemian, 7 st. 8 lb., Marie Louise, 7 st., and Leshia,6Gt. 131b. There are a number of light weights In tho Malvern Handicap who are given a rare opportunity of distinguishing themsolvcs, notably Solo, 7 st., Honora, 8st. 12 lb., Berkeley, 6 st. 10 lb,, and Land League, 0 st. 5 lb., tlfo last unmed in particular being undeniably welt trcatod after her meritorious display in tbo Truganina Stakes at Williamstown, when she successfully disposed of several recognised flyers in a field of 17. Higher up the list Jocular, 7 8t. 10 lb., Gratitude, 8 st. 7 lb., The Ghost, 8 st. 10 lb., and lrraleo, 9 St., ore not adversely weighted. In the Hurdlo Race Royal Maid, 12 St., Ga6alier, 11 st. 7 lb., Vulcan, 10 st. 7 lb., and Grattan, 10 st. 1 lb., do not read badly ; whilo for tho Steeplechase Morven, 11 St., Starfish, 10 st. 121b., Irishman, 10 st, 5 lb., and Studley, 10 St. 5 lb., promise to show a hold front. Niniblofcot, who won the Melbourne Cup in 1870, died at Pakcnham, a short timo ago. A special supplement of the Bating Calendar will bo published, giving tho conditions oi tbo New Chum Trophy, to bo run lor at Elstcrnwick Park to-day. Had tho race not appeared in tho Calendar all horses competing tor the trophy would, of course, havo beeu disqualified accord ing to rule. T. Osborne, tho English trainer and jockey, is getting together a team at Caulfield. The lntest addition to his establishment is an un named six-year-old sister to Liddington, by Froto-Martyr, from Caranjah, tbo property of Dr. Robert l'oel, who notifies bis return to tbo turf after a prolonged retirement. Dr. Peel, it will be remembered, formerly raced in tho " magpie " colors of Lord Falmoutli, and as thoy are identical witli thoso in which Calma. Lo Grand, Don Quixote. Duenna, Cliuckster and others have gained notablo vic tories oil behalf of Mr. D. S. -Wallace, some diffi culty will probably arise when tho V.R.C. com- imittoe commence work on the long deloyed revision of colors' job. H they decide on the score of priority Dr. Peel .will have first claim. Turfites, remember Colonel Ben Williams during his visit to Australia in his horse breed ing project on behalf of tho Indian Govern ment. Acting upon his advice the authorities have decided to oommenoo breeding opera tions with horses of tho following stamp : — Large frames, deep girths and barrels, short legs with well developed joints, short and broad shank hones, with largo and well-defined sinews, good feet and frco from hereditary defects or unsoundness. 2500 rupees would he paid for any lona Jide thoroughbred stallions of a weight carrying hunter typo, from 4 to 6 years of ago and answering the above descriptions. Tho height should be from 15 hands to 15.2, either bay, brown or chestnut in color. Six stallions of the above typo aro required to commence ope rations with, but as animals of the description given can command borne prices equal to tboso offered by tho Indian Government, the wants named are not likely to bo satisfied in the Australian market Colonel Williams has gone to great pains in pointing out to Aus tralian stud masters the advantages to ho derived by breeding for tbo Indian market, hut if the native Government intend to increaso business relations in this particular direction, they will also need to loosen their purse strings. At present tlio generality of breeders see no greater inducement to tender for Indian ex;- portation than to contiuuo their labors in the supply for home consumption. As affaire now stand, £ s. d. appears to bo tbo mutual crux. WhUo on this subject, I am reminded of an excellent article on horso supply, whioli ap peared in a late issue of The Field, wherein the decadence of horso breeding in England is ad mitted, Bpocial attention being directed to the military difficulties of obtaining an ade quate supply of horses for war pur- poece, in tho event of a British army being called upon to take the field. This unsatisfactory state of affairs is as signed to incessant exportation, which has taken place during tho last three or four decades. Conti nental nations aro said to liavo long ago realised tho superiority of English breeds, and their own deficiency of animals combining blood nnd substance. Their various Governments took up the question of horee supply as a matter of business, importing suitable stock, aud estab lishing breeding depots, besides providing stallions at cheap fees for tho benefit of indi- vldnal breeders. Their principal supplies of this nature camo from tho British Islands. English Governments havo made no counter naovo in a similar direction, and tho result is that if England at any timo should bo hard pressed, sho would havo to . buy hack at enhanced prices. Onr English correspondent " Hudibras," re fers to the " carpeting" of a turf writer at tho hands of the Jockey Club. Fry, tho book maker. who took such liberties with Paradox or tho Cambridgeshire, was also examined. The latter stated that he was quite unknown to Mr. Cloete, and gavo as his reason for " peppering" Paradox that ho heard it currently reported at Newmarket that tho hone would not run. The affair created a wide breach between Mr. Cloeto and thoso with whom ho became associated at Kingsclero and his candidature for tho Turf Club has been withdrawn by Lord Arlington and Sir Frederick Johnston?, his proposer aud se conder. 