; AOTA POPULI. ?: ,,,-.-— — — *- — — — . ? By the Flaneur. . ;. ; Won on the post by half a head. Such was the recent decision in favour of the Ministry given by our Macquarie-street judge at the finish of the want of confidence tussle, and it would be hard to point to a more desperate struggle over a charge based on such paltry claims. The whole affair was narrowed down to a contemptible dispute as to the respective merits of 'old Jack' and 'long- George/'' and the pressing business of the country nas been shametully set aside at ths most im portant period of the year in order to allow a few crushed politicians and disappointed office grabbers to vent their spleen against their suc cessful rivals. Three weeks' valuable time has ''been recklessly slopped away over a discussion , which, to put the matter plainly, was simply raised bo bolster up the Land Act fad of Sir John, and to gratify the bumptious ambition of Sir ?'Enry, and this too at a time when citizens are clamouring for a Public Health Bill, and when our chief Health Officer plainly declares that 30 per cent, of our dead succumb to diseases that could be prevented by good sanitary laws such as are contained in the aforesaid bill, which has been so carefully shelved in order that our two Old Men of the Sea might be enabled to gratify their own little whims, and strangle the country at the same time. Scarcely a street in the city is without a specimen of the death-dealing typhus fever ; and the filthy lazzaroni quarter at Naples would be . considered as a little Paradise by the side of some ? of our neglected suburbs. Everything points to a dry disease- breeding summer, and yet the time that should be devoted to averting, or at least mitigating, the coming trouble is spent in a con temptible struggle for what the only Dan calls the official loaves and fishes. This was forcibly put by the Hon. Mr. Fitzgerald when he observed that 'the new members should ask themselves whether, without argument, they would deliver themselves over, b~-dy and soul, to the clutches of the Opposition — , body of men whose action was taken solely L-orn an overweening desire for power and ft i emoluments of office/' Strange to say this pvcicularcap seems to have been exactly the same size as the billy-cock hat which Sir 'Enry so rakishly wears perched over his starboard ear1, for whilst the rest of the Opposition took the Upper Hunter member's gruel quietly, Sir Hal at once fired up, and declared it was a great .piece of impertinence for men who had only just set their feet in the House to insult those who had carried on (messed tip, he meant to say) the legislation of the colony for a quarter of a century. In spite of all his protestations to the contrary, Sir 'Enry is now the principal underground engineer of the Opposition ; lie makes the bullets whieh others fire ;. and it is chiefly due to his' machinations that the business of the country is in such a deplorable state at present. One of the greatest mistakes Sir '.Enry, ever made since he raised the Kiama ghost was his recent attempt to justify his base treachery to the late Mr. Edward Butler over the appointment to the office of Chief Justice. The more Sir 'Enry endeavours to exculpate himself over this sorry business the more contemptible does he appear to all right-thinking, honest men, and the more does lie recall the poet's picture of the unprincipled wretch whp . ? : ?. . ' Crawls within your breast to maito more sure tho sting.' Pecksniff stood out in propria persona the other night when our unctuous knight brazenly stood up and told his fellow members (as if they didn't didn't know the truth) that— ' Mr. Butler took offence at not getting the office, and they became estranged, and, unhappily for him- (Sir Henry) they never became friends again.' ''In proof of this he had much pleasure in re ferring the House to two men long' since dead, and he could honestly lay his -'and on 'is 'art and say that he had the approval of his conscience in this matter. 'No doubfc he has. ' Conscience,' said an old Greek philosopher, 'is the voice of the soul/' but in Sir Enry's case it would appear that he was born with a soul which has been both deaf and dumb from the moment of its birth. Get thee to a nunnery — or the Turkish baths. Sir Hall, for as Hamlet's Ma would say, thou dost ' protest too much.' The thanks of our Denominational Schools are due in the first place to friend ' Winx,' and in the next place to Mr. P. M'Mahon, for the steps these gentleman took respecting our school chil dren's visits to the Zoo, for although from Mr. Brad ley's letter it appears that all creeds are treated alike, still the fact does not seem to have been very publicly known before 'Winx' stirred the matter up1, and Mr. M'Mahon, with commendable promptness, had tho question fottlod most; de cisively. The pity of it is that all our school complaints cannot bo settled as satisfactorily as1 | our liberal-minded citizen Mr. Bradley settled ' this. One grievance which stands painfully out at present is that connected with the department of the gentleman who bears the rather unhappily ( selected title of the 'Truant' Inspector ^of Schools. Day after day parents are hauled along to the judgment seat and heavily fined for not compelling their children to avail themselves of the blessings of our glorious free-and-compulsory Education Aot, and yet the infant population of ? -...?? /' our streets during school hours does not seem to be -the least diminished. Hundred's of dirty, ragged, half -fed children can be found holding high old times in our gutters from the dewy1 morn to the anything but silent eve, and yet the' parents of these animated little rag-stacks are never interfered with. The law is apparently not made for them but for those parents who have some pretensions to respectability. In many cases parents do all within their power to secure their children's attendance, but a.nyone who can recall the time when he spent his school-money in green cholera ' mor ons apples, and cabbage stalk sheroots, and ' wagged ' it for a day to enjoy the same, will at once understand how easy it is to fool- the myrmidons of our worthy Truant Inspector.^ Only tho other day a case was tried in which it was p coved that a boy had actually attended school so far as to romp around in the play ground for a time, Irat directly the school-bell rang he skipped across the fence and went to work at some employment which possessed more attractions for him than the study of the three R's. The strangest part of this affair was the fact that the Stipendiary Solon held that this was a sufficient attendance within the meaning of the compulsory clauses, and the careful inspector was sent off on his ear, looking as. surprised as if he: had only just been bom that very instant. Mr. Minister Trickett has decided that this decision will not suit any longer, however, and consequently, the ingenious young gentleman who prefers manual work to mental will have to scratch round until he discovers some other loop hole in the Act. One of the most effective checks 1 to truancy has just been invented by Mr. W. M. Cox, a head-teacher at Ballaraf. who has obtained a 'dating stamp' and each morning and after noon the home- lesson books of his scholars present are stamped with it, so that by looking into his child's exercise book any parent can tell whether tho youngster attended school or not. I would commend this idea to our own school- teachers over here, and should the notion be carried out I am certain to receive a shower of thanks from the parents, and probably a shower of bricks from their ' waggish ' children also. From schools to, figures is an easy glide, and so before we follow the old year to its grave let me draw, our readers' attention to a little freak in figures which is as curious as it is amusing. Take a piece of paper and dot down on it the figures of your age in years, taking no note of months, weeks, or days. Multiply this age by 2 ; then add to the result obtained the figures 3768 ; add 2 more, and then divide by 2. After this subtract froin the result obtained the number of your years on earth, and see if you do not obtain four figures which you will not be likely to forget when the chimes ring out the old year and ring in the new. The customary bag of flour and fat goose will ; be promptly handed over to all who correctly solve the problem on condition that they call in their carriages with the required solution —and the price of the flour and goose as well. A few days ago our Lieut-Governor presided at a good-goody sort of art- union swindle got up in aid of a Jackass Mission, the Zenana Mission in India, and during the fun of the farce he read for the information of the Jellebysand Pardiggles scattered round, what our pious old Hunter-street Granny calls an interesting account of the Indian mission and the operations carried on by ladies . against the miseries to which the Hindoo women are subjected. This, of course is- a truly noble cause. None but a woman's yearning, lov ing, refined soul can truly know the secret pangs which must rend the heart of a Boorinyandracuin boobilah Avife who is forced to attend a Zenana Cup Day shivoo in soogee bag skirt and a hat that was fashionable about the days of Methusalem's maiden aunt, and therefore we do well to rake in our shekels and send along the latest Parisian costumes to our charcoal-coloured sisters who arc pining for a mousseline de laine Pompa dour suit fichued over the plastron with fillets de turbot, and a pouf at the back as big as a new chum's swag. With all due deference to Sir Alfred, however, I submit it would be a pleasing conceit on tho part of some of our philanthropists if they would let up on the miseries of the Hindoo women for a time and turn their attention to those of their own sisters nearer home. For example. At our la'st Sessions a woman named Ada Fuller was charged with shooting at her husband under circumstances of the grossest pro vocation that could be offered to a wife. The man, Fuller, admitted he was in the habit of turning his unfortunate wife ovit of her own bed chamber in order that his paramours might be accommodated, and it was while smarting under this gross injustice that the outraged wife fired at her ' brutal husband. Very properly, the j-risoner on being found guilty was merely' im prisoned till the rising- of the court, but this is the conundrum' that stumps the Zenana Mission messers now : What is this unfortunate woman to do for the future ? The law, aa it stands to-day, is all in favour of the guilty husband. The Divorce Court remedy may be suggested, but how will it go if the injured wife is a woman who believes in the ' Britain's bulwark ' injunction to let no man put asunder those whom God has joined ? Even if a divorce is granted, what is to recom pense the unhappy woman for tho years she lias wasted with this man P According to the law she cannot even obtain one shilling a Wetefe for her maintenance, for a3 long as the hus band allows her to live in his house she has no additional claim on him, even though he clothes her 'in tags, and systematically starves her to death. She must either live under his tyranny or else clear cut and toil for herself, of die, and yet with, laws such as this in force amongst our selves, we must prance round collecting funds to purchase ' improvers ' and tracts for the blacking bottle belles of Zenana. Wo to you hypocrites ; because you go around about the sea and the' land to make one proselyte, in order that you may be glorified before men, and have your names blazoned forth in job-type letters in the columns of the daily papei'3. A few weeks ago I drew attention to the fact that the tidy little sum of ,£100,000,000 was going begging in the Chancery Court of London, and that lists containing the names of the fortunate persons who hold a stake in the j)ool could be had on application to a certain firm. Bather un fortunately, however, I broke short off just as many of our readers were growing interested in the item, but I am pleased to say that all the uecessary information has been supplied in the answers to correspondents' column of our last issue. If the said item is the means of elevating one of our constituents to the position of a Van derbilt or a Rothschild, I will feel that I have not lived in vain, and I trust the lucky recipient will see that my grave is kept green even in the driest season. Not that it is likely to make much difference to me, for I incline to Sterne's theory — ' Cover his head with a turf or a stone, It is all one ; it is all oue.' But green seems to be the fashionable colour of late, and few of us can afford to be considered out of the fashion. Anyway, I sincerely trust a fair share of the Chancery spoil will fall to our readers. Now that Jumbo has gone to the better land it wouldn't be a bad idea if England sold her old lion to Barnum, for the irresponsibility and ease of a menagerie life seem to be all he's fit for now. A few years ago it was England's proud boast that she would cheerfully go to war rather than allow a. British subject to be ill-treated in a foreign country. In point of fact she did go to war with the Abyssinian niggers because some of her subjects had been looked up by the Abyssinian king, and she loudly declared her intention of playing Sheol-and-Tommy also with America during the civil war for imprisoning some Eng lishmen in Fort Lafayette for blockade running. Now, however, the lion seems to have dropped the tyrant's vein and taken up one more ' con doling.' Not long ago a few of her Majesty's subjects were touring it through , Germany, and for some trifling reason were arrested. The English Minister immediately applied to the German Government for an explanation. And he appears to have got but little satisfaction for his trouble, as a subsequent cable says — 'The German Government, at the request cf Sir Edward Malet, has issued the police report of the arrest of English tourists at Frankport. The note accompanying the report contains no mark of regret or apology.' If thi.3 kind of thing isn't stopped, English rowdies in foreign lands will drop declaring their true nationality, and protect themselves by claim ing to be free-born citizens of Parramatta, or New Guinea. Clairvoyance. Second sight. What does it mean? Simply that some persons are gifted with four eyes : two x^hysical, and two spiritual. Has the science ever been known to work any real tangible benefit for any portion of the human race ? It has. In point of fact it has just been the means of performing one of the most meritorious of all acts, viz., the hurrying up. of the settlement of a printer's bill. The 'principal character in this affair is one Sarah Parker, who describes herself as a ' fellow-journalist,' and an old — yes, posi tively old—' presswoman ' also. Sarah had the clairvoyance spasms bad the other day, and this is. the charmingly candid account of how the battle raged as described by herself in the Wollongong Argus : ' It is early morning, 4 o'clock. Waking out of sleep, I light my candle to read. The book drops, my visible eyes close, and the invisible ones place a moving panorama of events before the glazed lids. Advice, instructions, all surveyed by symbol. I pass over the closing scene. I saw myself seated in the editorial sanctum. He sitting opposite, the table between us. We were talking pleasantly over journalism, literature, Sec, the pleasures and difficulties attending these as professions, when my closed eyes were startled by seeing a legal looking document on the table, Campbell v Parker, summons in large letters.' The vision passed, but Sarah, in spite of her faith in clairvoyance, could not conceive that such a revelation could be true, and she accordingly hurried down to the Argus office just in time to find that there was no mistake about her second pair of optics after all. There actually does 'breathe a man with soul so dead,' who would take out a writ for a ' fellow-journalist and an old presswoman.;' and although it was highly satisfactory for the lady to find that clairvoyance couldn't lie, still she could not help expressing her opinion of the ungallant pi'inter in a style calculated to make him feel as happy as if he had just been sawn in two, or dropped his i}4-0 over a disastrous electioneering contest, The miserable ? ? — — — — — ? i— ?— — — ^ !? man seeras p glory in his degradation, however; f or he'taefcs a note on to Sarah's letter to say—' We, im cotflm'on! with many other, newspaper proprietors, . would iie xmov& thankful if such visions would of tener appear to those who favour- us with their patronage. Wo are glad that clairvoyance has been triumphant, but far more so with the result.' Clairvoyance is a fine art after all, and ought to. be encouraged in every town that can boast of a, journal, and a printer's debt book. [We hope that if thi3 par does not stir up the clairvoyance of our long-winded v subscribers, it will strike their consciences and cause them to send on the need ful to buy the usual Christmas goose. Ed. JF.J.] In a recent copy of the Brisbane Couiiiee, I find a certain item which causes me to re-ecno the late Mr. Macbeth's sentiments and ask, 'Can such things be, and overcome us like strong beer would overcome a race reporter ?' Mrs, Dr. Anna M. L. Potts, whose lectures for ladies were de livered with such financial success. in tins city over 12 months ago, ?. has been arrested in a. fashionable hotel in London for being a man in disguise. This is cruel news for mo, for I was' '? about three parts in love with the fair doctor my- ' self, and used to hang my greedy ears on liar honeyed words whenever the hateful man was allowed to be present at her reunions, and sho rolled out coofeery book chat that gave one an appetite strong enough to eat a black tracker and his horse as well. And now to think that my soul's adored is a vile man, and probably chews tobacco, edits soup with his thumb, and .rides the ? .Rarnsgate donkeys atradlegs. Me misermn ! This world is chockful of deceit and deviltry, and ? man that is born of a woman is small potatoes, and few in the hill, indeed. With me, however, disappointments seem to ' be chronic, and my ru cent disillusion reminds me that, as Milton, or Alfred Allen, or some other great poet sings— ' I never had a piece of toast Particularly long and wide, But it fell xipon tbe sanded floor, Aud always on the buttered side.' 