Local Intelligence We have been asked several times recently, during the present dark and wet nights, why we do not advocate the erection of street lamps in various parts of the township for the safety of nocturnal pedestrians. We have done so in previous issues, but the Dandenong Council seem to think the matter unworthy of con- sideration. We contend, however, that this is one of the most important of the many requirements of Dandenong as a rising township, and would advise the residents to get up a petition, not asking as a avor, but demanding as a right, that lamps be erected. It would be to their own interest to do so, not only for their own comfort and safety, but in the event of an accident occurring through the dangerous state of the streets and an action being entered for damages, it will not be the Councillors, but the ratepayers, who will be the sufferers. Some time since we directed attention to a patent for manufacturing gas, which would suit country townships and which would pay for itself in a short time. Numerous inquiries have been addresed to the Secretary of the Law Department since the issuue of the new Commission of the Peace, as to whether the positions of the Presidents of Shires and Mayors of towns and boroughs, who are Justices of the Peace by vertue of the offices which they hold are in any way affected by the suppression of the former commission. It has been explained to those who asked for information upon the.subject that the issue of the new commission cannot inter- fere with the appointments which are provided for by Act of Parliament, and attention has been directed to section IV of the Justices of the Peace Statute 1876, which provides that "the President for the time-being of every Shire, and the Mayor for the time-being of every city, town, or borough, shall, byvirtue of their respective offices, and without any further commission or authority than this Act, be respectively a Justice of the Peace of and for every bailiwick in which any part of such Shire, city, town, or borough re- spectively may be situate, and shall con- tinue to be such Justice during the next succeeding twelve months after he shall cease to be President or Mayor (as the case may be) if he shall so long continue to be qualified to be such President, or Mayor as aforesaid.-Argus. We are in receipt of the July numiber of Ozenhani's Turf Register, which must, especially to racing men, be very useful, containing as it does-so mich information as to the performances ,of , hoies ianid about racing matters generally. A football match between the juniors of .Oakleigh and Dandenong. was to- have been played on Saturday,-'bit did- not come off owing to Oakleigh being unable to raise a team. Amongst otherson the list of new inagis trates, which appear in last issue of the G:zettf, the following are appointed in the Central. Bailiwick :-- Matthew Evans, Mornington; Robert Keys, South Brigh ton; David Mitchell, Richmond; and Robert Officer, Oakleigh. On Saturday last at- Berwick, Cran bourne and Dandanong, the Councils sat as Revision Courts to revise the lists of voters, and in each case a few names were struck out and a few added. In an advertisement elsewhere the Dan- denong Council announce that they invite tenders for forming in the main street. It is to be hoped that it includes covering the present miserable footpath with a good coating of bluestone screenings or something that will allow of people travel- ling on it with some degree of comfort. It is bad enough in dry weather, but in wet it is an infliction. A contingent of the Salvation Army arrived by the evening train at Dande- nong last Saturday evening, and as usual proceeded to the Mechanics'.Institute, and after singing a little, held a meeting in the hall, which was well attended. Everything passed off as quietly as on the previous Saturday evening, and a portion of the contingent returned to town by the ten o'clock train. It was announced that services would be held in the hall on Sun- day, and they were accordingly held. We receive many complaints as to the state of the footpaths in the township, and it is unfair to the public and the people in business that they should be allowed to remain so long in such a condition, whilst even with some gravel they could be made so that people could walk on them. Even when it is quite dry the uneven state of the paths makes them unpleasant to travel upon. A correspondent writes:-" What a beautiful footpath you have to the rail- way station! Not only is it muddy, wet, and slimy, but it is dark as pitch. Surely a lamp or two would not be out of place! The beauty of your township encourages people to visit it, and after visiting it your footpath to the station makes them swear they will never come near you again. A narrow raised asphalt foot- path would indeed be a boon, and it would cost nothing compared with the amount of money expended on roads that cannot for years be improved to any per- manency. Then let us have a decent footpath for people hurrying to and from the railway station, and a lamp or two to prevent people wandering down by the creek in the dark.' It!: eema tha.smotion:'inl by DMr.: Powis at the recent meetinig ofjtheDan P deucog Mechanic' istituite Co ittee s was not arniedrCas recorded ino 'last di It oertainly didisot seem aee to??ur' - I porter. However; if -it wasnot passed h. of course it was not. The committeewere; 3 not. ery happy aboittheii r besinuss after h .thd little "fuss" wliilhoecurird,.:and.tli business was got'through somewhat,.hur- I h riedly. However, whether the motion al waiicrdneor ndtlt i-jh?ut ible that p the committee hiiv made a little triouble p for;lhemselves, It was thoughtless on h their part tohlavo invited- applioations for, n a.librarian whilst~t e office wae filled, and t| nothing had i~u-r-ed- to'_nmakeo them v understand that-it was about tobe vacated.; ; ,iThey should have reellected' that' ordi- a Bnary etiquette demanded that the present f f holder of the office should have been told l of the action abourt tb taken,.and.not Sshouldered oit as if h .ead eglected A, t t duties !:., ,i r.lh.., a J,-., - • " . , e c S The National Agricultural Societyibcve incurreda somewhat heavy debt mn the s construction of their'new yards, do., and ir he:aaked the Government to help them I SouIt of it. . As what the: society has done is connected iith the general welfare of the coldny, tlhey deserve every assistance that oan legally be iven, and it should be given with'a good grace. The society is one u the most useful institutions, and a the maniagement of it is carried on by the et gratiitous services of. men who devote a great deal of their time to it. Some time ago, at the request of a depu- tation, the department undertook to con- struct a light line from Beaconsfield to Beenac, passing through Gembrook. Four routes for the line have been sug- ested by residents, and the department is now proceeding with the survey of one a of these. \- A lunatio named Daniel.Beckett was at brought before the Berwick Bench bn sir Friday by Constable Thomason.' He was sir found wandering at large in- Gembriok,? nt and the constable was sent; for and ,took, he charge of him and locked him up...: Theo an Bench sent him to the ,Kew: Asylum, :he ill having been previously examined by Drs. s, Eles aid'Wilson. : -B The following Councillors retire in the ,it various Shires:-Oakleigh Shire:_J. Mar ay shall, Centre Riding ;Thos. Irwin; South Riding; M.Wilson;, North Riding. Mal! ed vern Shire: G.~F. Martin, -East Ridingi t J.':Adams,'; Centre Riding,; B:E,dsall o WestRiding. .;oorabinlShire:. T.,Bnt; i North Riding; .` Comiport; East Riding; G. Mock; 'Wirst Riding. '.Borough of of Brighton: T :Benit East Ward;W. Lynch; of North Ward; L -.O'Shea, South Ward. hCranborne.Shire :--For Yallock Riding, e Councillor Peers; -Cranbourni Riding, Councillor Lecky ; : Lyndhurst, Riding, ed Councillor Greaves. The only'chndidate u up to th pr?s?nt time is Mr. Beattiorfor e Yallock :- . na The July'-umbe`rof that very excellent 0n publication, Onceu. a Month, is to hand, te sadd,'s iusual is ian excellent one, filled with good reading matter. It opens with Hy, a good portrait and sketch of the life of Henry C. Kendall, an Australian poet. Several good stories are continued. An interesting-description of-Delhi- will- be read with pleasure at the present time, as will iaso a well-written aticle..ntitled " Adventures of aPioneer" in New South Wales, written'- by W. Lockart Morton.. There are other articles which will be found interesting, and some good poetry.: There are "Monthly Notes" on science, art and literature, which taken as a whole, make this number al good readable publi-' A correspondent writes to ask us to direct attention to a place in the township of Dandenong where youngsters of from twelve to eighteen years of age, assemble almost nightly, and are permitted or en- couraged to indulge in gambling in several ways for money. If this is correct, it is something that the police should know about as well as our correspondent, and they ought to put an end to it very sum- marily. Boys generally are provided by their parents with pocket-money, but if this is the way it goes the supplies should be stopped. The boys think probably they are a foot taller in being allowed to take part in such business, but permitting them to do so is no credit to those who allow such proceedings as our correspon- dent says are carried on. A correspondent, signing himself "Poo- wong," writing in the Telegraph of Mon- day, on the subject of the route of ithe Great Southern railway, says:-"Numer- ous letters re the route of the Great Southern line have appeared in the Press from time to time, showing the grave mis- take that will be made should the Bass route be rejected. When the Railway Commis- sioners were at Poowong surely they must have seen that the adoption of any other route would be alike as useless to the State as to the settlers, as far as this district is concerned, seeing that the Bass route has every possible advan- tage over its rival from the position of the township, which it passes within half a mile, and to which roads from all quar- ters have been opened up. Seeing also that the line is, in all probability, thoroughly practicable, why not put a stop to the permanent survey of the Al- sop, the continuance of which is only throwing away money? The Bass route has been called a deviation. This is a mistake. The Bass route is the original one surveyed by Mr. Montague and shrewdly suggested by Mr. Bent when that gentleman held office, as being the natural course of the Great Southern line. Mrs. R. Bowman, of Dandenong, met with a very painful accident yesterday afternoon. It appears 'that whilst en gaged in closing one of the windows in the house, a piece of wood on which the window was resting sprung out, striking her in the eye, and causing a very nasty wound. The usual meeting of the Dandenong Mutual Improvement Association was held on Friday night last, when readings ard recitations were rendered by several of the members. It is pleasing to know that the interest is still kept up in these meetings. Oe next Friday night the Presideet, the Rev. E. Q. Knee, will deliver a lecture. A little girl named Doran, residing at Drouin, was admitted to the Alfred Hos pital on Monday, suffering from fractured leg through falling-dowin a hole o. tk previous ada An enquiry was held at Dandenong Police Station on Monday last, as to the action of the local police when members of the Salatidon Army, on the 4th inst., visited the township and were roughly handled by a number of men. Complaint was made by the local magistrates, and Major Barker applied for an enquiry to have the affair investigated. Mr. Scanlon conducted the enquiry. There were a large number of witnesses for the police and against them, and the enquiry occu- pied a long time. The charge against the police was made by Major Barker, the head of the Salvation Army. The local magistrates and a good many members of the Army were examined, and the enquiry was postponed till today (Wednesday). The enquiry was held with closed doors, which, in our opinion is rather a doubt- ful mode of dealing with a matter which most concerns the public generally, and we cannot oonceive any good to be done by this mode of private enquiry. If an offence has been done in public, an open and above-board enquiry should be made, by which means the public; who are most interested,'would know what was being done, and whether right or wrong. Our representative attended, and was informed that the enquiry was to be held in private, so that we are unable to give particulars or the evidence of the several witnesses. Those of our r'ieadei, who had the pleasure of acqualitance with the late SMr. Willi?am Strettle will regret sincerely i his l?ntimely endi? da Wednesday morning lst." He aa pleas ,genial gen tleman to'meet, and what ay be termed -excel lent company; hainvi'g-' iredy flow of pl~iiant conversation. His death is felt very acutely by his biothbe, Mr. Stratford Strettle;',ho was vefy fond of him,z as was also his ,family, who will miss him t very nuch. We give in- another column e a report ot tho sad affair. We wer~ shown the larest. pear we have ever 'reviouily seen, at Bain's ho tel, Berwick, a few days. since. One " would hardly think, at first eight, that it was aspear. It seemed to be about six inches in length, with a girth of nine or ten.inches:i We were infornmed that it would be good' foi cooking, but one was about as much as two ordinary men would eat. On Wednesday evening least, in the Wesleyan Church, Dandenong, a meeting was held in connection with the Band of Hope. The attendance was large. The time was pleasantly passed in songs, read- ings, recitations, &c.;, some of the pieces being very creditably rendered. The police seemuto have been very suc cessful in tracing the robbers of the Simp 'on's road branch of the National Bank. The trial'was commenced on Monday and contiinud 'yesterday. The evidence of Raingill, who turned informer, alone con .v'icbti the prisoners, but they have been fully identified, "ind niust he convicted. Mr. Chomley, in referring to the evidence which'would be tendered by the informer Raingill, alias Yates, took occasien to re mark that it was as well to let all young members of the criminal class know that the old adare of " Honor amongst thieves" was nonsense, and was not to be relied 'upon. : The case was continued yesterday and the evidence for the Crown concluded.ai -Mr. McDermott. then ad dressed the jury for the prisoners. ; A football watch will be played on Saturday next on the Dandenong ground between the Brighton and Dandenong clubs. The Dandenong team will be selected from the following players:- Ssioids; (3); Keys (2), Watson (2), A. Bowman, A£ Evans, Hobbs, Wauchope, Egan, Purdy, Brown, Charles; Keighrey, Johnson; 1'Allup, Hulme, C. Clarke, MnLeod. Play will commence at 2.30 sharp. "'-Parcels and goods are now laying at the Dandenong railway station forthe uinder imentioned persons zGoods: LC le, Row and Coa, Renfree; McPhbrson, Tobin, O'Rour?ies- Cameiiin, Dandenionig Brick Co.; Dawson-,Swords,?F. -H. Searle;-un.; Postmaster Crsnbouine, Dandenoig Shire Council, ;alkley -and Co. -Parcels: Street, Swords, Whitelaw, Dargan, Hen derson,. Colonial Bank-, Bowlan, Searle, rThe. :WinterMeetinga ofthe fVictoria Racing Club took place at the Flemington, sourse onSaturday, .with the following results :-saicrn Hie 1Race: Talbot's Hippogrif:1;:J. Rhoden's Sea Breee; 2; J. Cripps'.Duration, 3. Maiden Steeple chase: G.H. Read's Reticent, l W. Pear son's Lady Ashton, 2;' S. Miller's Kul kyne, 3. Grand National Hurdle Race: Hart's The Agent, 1; Laurie's Guardish, 2; W. S. Cockboat, 3. Grand National Steeplechase: Mb Loughlin's Wymlet, 1; G. Russell's Sailor, 2; J. Cohen's Den mark, 3. Selling Hurdle Race: P. J. Cox's Student, 1; M. Loughlin's Flam borough, 2; H. Phillip's Doncaster, 3. Flat Race: J. G. Reid's The Ghost, 1; W. Pearson's Plausible, 2; T. Jones' Bo hemian, 3. A large amount of money changed hands over the several events. 