Mental Healing, Boston, U.S. ' Tnp following is from the Timts :^-Here is a familiar Boston parlour 80000 ', two ladies sit a little way apart la Quaker-meeting Bilonco for porhaps 20 minutos. Tho iiice of ono is as hotly flashed nrr if she had been indulging1 in violent oxoroiBe, phyBioal instead of mental. The other, the patient, apparently dozes iu her ohaJr. Externally tMs is. all that eonstitutoB a mind- ouro treatment,- to which hundreds hereabouts arc daily submitting 'f ha funda mental idea that underlies the system of montal healing-is there is no such thing as siokness. Disease, say tho montal healers, is an enor of the mind, the result of fear This startling hypothesis entails some very strange and absurd conclusion. The leader of one of the fnotAns, for thero aro several1 in sharp rivalry one with another, gives these instructions forhoaling :— ' Reason in your mind that God made every thing good. He is not tho author of disease Therefore as disoaso ib- not a crea tion it has no existtice, but it is merely a dolusion of the mind, the-effeot of fear. Fear is faith inverted and pervert-d. Tou are to gain the confidence of your patient ; make him toll you tho oause of what' ho thinks is hit) disease. But with yOur olearor mind you seo that it is not siokness at all. You attain tho power of healing by dwelling mentally upon the truth and wisdom of Godi and thus the faith of the healer meeting tlio- fear of the patient produces a chemical change in tho fluids of the system of health.' Mauy invalids aro naturally willing to acoopt this or any other sophistry in explanation of ouro j if they them selves aro physioally benefitod. But among the intelligent people everyday life who are study ing the mind-cure theories and to a greator or less extent aro testing them, the ideas of tho teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two have juat tho Baine conception of tho ' suieneo.' One lady believes that to bo i» consistent healer ono must be a tJui versalist in religious faith. Another insistd that the minds of her patient9 shall be mado , entirely free from guile, and accordingly she \ asks for a full stat ement of their lives. Many persona who study the Bystem renounce all re ? liglous and superstitious ideas iu connection with it, but recognise tho physical phenomena, i which they do not attempt to oxplain, a'd , practise the art as successful as any. A Indy in Hyde-park, Massachusetts, who takes this position, soys sho finds horsell possessed of n power over many serious ills which she hardly knows- how to use. She says she prays earnestly and the ailment of the sufferer saems ito-be transferred to herself. Then she is able easily to throw it off. She does not know jwhetnerto call it mind-onre, faith-cnre, or j magnetism. Some operators say they use no iwill'power, bnt simply keep before th»ir minds 'an image of perfect health, and let God or the 'truth.work through them. Others exert tlie Iwill'ihtensely to- drag out tho disease, as it were; by main force. ; To be- consistent, the leading mind-oure theorists have to ma'ntain some very absurd ideas.- ? Pofeons, they say, -would be harmless ifthe fear of them were removed. Children, 'they explain, are affeoted because of nnoon soious- hereditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eddy, .leader of the Christian Scientist division of'mental1 healers, olaims that her husband, jwhodied'tiireeor four years ago, was mur dered by an enemy among the scientists who 'thought; arsenic into him.' Some of -these ?queer-enthusiasts maintain that mental in fluenco does notr recognise distanoe, and that, therefore^ the- presence of the patient under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde park lady has- an intimate friend in Saora mento,- California., who a few months ago was given up by physicians to die of inflammatory rheumatism. It wai arranged by mail that at 3 o'clook, Boston time, on certain days the invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment o£Ker- friend in Hyde-parit. It is- olaimed that improvement was immediate, and that within a month the patient was able to visit San Francisco- with her husband. Another lady in treating- absent patients puts a doll in a ohair upon'-yvhioh to fix her mind in lieu of the sick person. Most of the mental healers profess contempt for the laws of hygiene. They bid their patients oat what they p\espe and net as they please. Mrs. Eddy, however, mnVes the proviso tnafc they must be of strong faith that -wh^t they eat and do will not harm them; So much for- meaos and methods. When the inquirer attempts to investigate tho actual ac complishments under the new pathology . lje encounters a vaBt array of witne- ses and testi mony. BatTifterattempting to sift the evidenoe it is impossiblo- to return a sweeping and, de- cisive verdiot. It would ba useless, to 'deny that, under the- influence of tho mind-cure. markable results* a»e attained. It is not sur prising that' they are able to ' o«re '. hypo chondriacs, whose ills exist only in imagina tion, and it is easy to understand that their peculiar influence is more potent than that of metHubine in cases of certain disorders of-1' Mental and nervous origin. But wheni more marvellous oures aro claimed tho average sceptic falls back on Dr. Peabody's assertion that a physioian's success depends upon tlie degree in wkioh he po-se«Bes the confidence of h& patient. Complctn harmony of inind and confidence in any remedial agenoy is a more potent factor in any oase than most people, even medical practitioners, generally reoognise. This faot is the real secret of ' the mind-oure craze, and with a foundation so substantial it is, after all, hardly wonderful that so va'tand fantastic a structure has been eresM. Investigation oE any of thu miracles -whion' it is cUitnecl aro wrought i» unsatisfactory. Although cases are cited hy thBhundred'of alle-j;ed cures of paralysi?, cancer, tumour^, consumption, rheumatism, scarlet fever|-Bpicoloomplaint, nervous disorders, and minor- complaints, them appear t-- havo been no genuine, soientiSo test of the »yatem. There ia testimony in abundance, radical, positive, and! undoubtedly honest, from people who olaim. to-have-been cured by the now agency of o»ganio disease of long standing ; but in vestigation de volops so man j- weak or incredible points thrtt olcne analysis i* almost always un s«tiefnotory in its results. Illustrations mi^ht bo- detailed \\-j the score- but a single well iauthonJicated1 case will suffice. A prominent jdenlisbof this oity fell and 6ovoroly injured hi» ^knoei He sent for a surgeon of good repute, i w-ib examined tbo limb aud diagnotod a, fracture 'Baying that he could plainly doteot tho gratin'it ioftihe broken edges of tie bono against eaoh iptheir. Thopotiont was properly treated, and' | waa advised to reconcile himself to Eevoral IwBBfci' confinement. But violdinor to tho importunities of his wifo he allowod her to eiJlm u mind-oure practitioner. Ho treated the injured man nooor.unor to tho tenet-) of the, now school and tried to perauado him that ho waii not really hurt. Finally, he induced him to net up and walk, whr-n lie did, at firs,t with difficulty but soon with comparative oaso. ..The dentist walkod into the office of the surgeon' who first nttendod him tho next; morn ing, aud the' doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This oaBo is naturally reokonod a. great triumph of mental-healing over old-fashioned muthoil*. The qld-FohboV surgfli-n, of course, simply acknowledge*, tiiat he made ft mistaken diasfim^H, hnd a-iys^tlio gentleman sustained only a strain of the 'kti'oe- , joint. ' , ' ,.',- Thare havo been instanco-t within a ftiw months of gross swindling of the credulous by professional (quacks, who (hid it |-r-.(Uiib',t-; just now to put on tho miuii-curo mantle. A' case in point ocourrol recently.- An ignorant' but smoothod-fcingiio rascal who irf getting rich upon the mind-cura crazo was oullpdllo treat tho wife ot a wealthy gentleman. ' Sho ?was Buffering from oanoer, and tho diB'iipl^ol mehta\ liealing guaranteed that .ha would wire her. Presently tho pationt died. Bufr tho mind-ouro man porsuudtd the htisliauil tlUtt ho had suocoedfld in partinlly onviiig tho uancerons trouble when death supervene'!. : caused by consumption. Ani-or.lingly, a bill for-. $4, 000 was font in, and iho huq-and finrJly paid $?5,000 rathor thin nuffor the ouabarrassmont oi a l»w suit. ?'. :i ?'.'???? . Th« perMOns who aro most affected by the oraae, oxcopt tho aotual. converts, tiro tho physioia-uS ; but from them least is publioly iwavd. Perhaps the b«t antidote, nrtor having Bpdntsomo tam» iu couvasrinir lh& viow* of the mental hon'orrt and in dinou-Bingthothpologloil Hido o{ tho eubjoot, is to cull on some good oT3 fanhiouod phyHioian, who hns boon addinjf years to men's lives for half a century. '! Doctor,' a yotoran praotUiimor was a*ked recently, 'why don't vou take, in your si.'ii ?now that tboso mind-ouro ponplo havo,,Bbowr. that no orto, need bo pick unliias he hag n mind tor1' 'Don't mikofun of fools, young man,' tho reply osrae, ' it only strengthens them ia thoir folly. Whon peoplo .-Mk moif therola any : thingin mental healing, Ioayyos, of ooureo there is. EvoryphyainnnknoTTsthatjwhonapatJelrt'o mind or imagination is in sympathy irith. frim, the ivorll of ouring in many cases 1b half doneV In dealing with meatul and nervous diseases, ono objeot aimed at is to secure absolute peace of mind on part of tire patient. Then nature . ivill work Ser own cure. Sometimes it is necessary to administer a few broad pills or ii few drops of coloured 'Witor to induco full confidonco. B'wt it is useless- to nrgno ?with people who try to show tlmt there is no eiok ueas and that poisons won't kill. Tho oruzo might as well run its courso.' 