THE 'ANNEXATION' FIASCO AT -THE The 'indignation' meeting at the Town Hall on Wednesday. evening Vill be ! long remembered as ??'. the most bonspiouoiia i arid ;' perfect failure of its sort which, the ''country; has perhaps eyer witnessed. The affair w,as got up by Mr. JT. C. Neild, Mr. Abi gail, Mr. W; C. Proctor ., and other bright lights ' to consider- the Imperial policy rwith reference to the annexation question. ? The meeting was called to deal with a serious business ; but the meeting and the chairman' together muddled and confused the whole. tiling. The proceedings will be taken. for what they were worth, and no one can fall into the error of saying that the .city ,of Sydney had spoken, or that the opinions of its people had been expressed. After so long a silence upon the ques tion, this sudden attemptto giyevoice'ha'dno true sign of spontaneity about it;, th'e galvanic battery was riot to be concealed. 'But .the case was made worse by the 'cluinsirieas of ' the ar rangements for crrrying the movement out. Soon after the meeting commenced there wore unmistakable evidences of dissension and disorder, and no sooner had the first resolution been spoken than Mr. Thomas Walker, the free- thought lec turer, appeared on the platform to propose an amendment. He was attentively listened to for a few moments. It may be said in one sense that he carried the meeting with him, for when lie became excited so did the audience, and as he grew furious the aiidience increased their calls for Mr, Walker to .'. sit down.' Mr. David Buchanan followed with another amendment, the effect . of which was to unite the Australasian colonies into one independent state, so that they could annex anything they liked ; yet Mr. Buchanan spoke against any protest being made against the annexation policy of the Imperial Government. His amendment was not put, simply because the chairman ruled that it was treasonable to the British Crown. A scene fol lowed. Two or three other gentlemen unknown on the public platform wanted to say a few words on the question but failed. One of their . num ber remained : aiid made a short speech, which he probably , , did . riot hear himself. The first resolution, to. the effect that the claims of the recent Intercolonial Conference to the then unappropriated portion of New Guinea and Pacific Islands are entitled to the support of the Imperial Government was moved by Mr. J. C. Neild, and seconded by Mr. F. Abigail. A resolution more completely ignoring the course of events since the Convention was held, or more thoroughly out of relation to the actual situation of to-day, could hardly have ; been prepared without some thought and pains. At one time it appeared that the chairman ;and the meeting were at cross purposes, the former putting one thing to the vote, and the latter voting upon another. Nor was it clear upon a second trial that either side knew exactly what was to be done, or what was done. The conclusion was that the majority voted and shouted against the resolution, and knew .what they what they were about. This at once turned the meeting into a wretched farce. The original motion having been put and lost by a very large majority, there was much cheering and applause. The next resolution, condemning the apathy of the . Home Government in the matter, was moved by Sir Henry Parkes, se conded by Eev. G. Brown, ' and supported by General M'lyor. An amendment to this was moved by Mr. E. W. O'Sullivari, but the chair man declared the ; original motion to be carried. The next resolution was moved by the Eev. G. Sutherland, . and was declared to be carried by the .chairman, though considerable doubt on the subject was felt by many present, and there . were loud cries of ' Lost, lost !' from the opponents of tho motion. A vote of thanks to the Mayor was apparently moved and seconded, as nearly as could be ascertained through, the din ; and three cheers were given, presumably for the Queen, mingled with unmis takable groans for the Mayor, . and the meeting then terminated. After the gathering in the hall had dispersed, an open air meeting was improvised at the corner of George and Druitt streets, arid there was a large attendance. Mr. S. A. Byrne presided. , Mr, T. . Walker moved, and Mr. E. WY O'Sullivan .seconded, — 'That this meeting i protests, against the unfair con duct '.of , the May or at the meeting in the Town -Hall on, [the , , New Guinea question.' The resolution was siipported by Messrs. Easton, Clark, and A. E . ' Wylley .' Mr. G. T. Garton moved, an ..amendment in favour [of '.the course which'- the Mayor had' taken, b'ut,^ after .consider able discussion, the ameridnierit was1 put and lost, and the, ,inotibn declared to be carried by a large majority!'' :,V;.' ^?'?'':''-'r. ''''':'. ? [??;--J---:;: ?'???' ; ',[', !,?; ' BACICJ S'KOil' THE 'GRAVE. ' / Popr Sir Henry, cut ithe .most miserable figure imaginable among ;the. little biinch of pigmies. On the: evening of the meeting a brilliantly clever editorial appeared in the Evening, News headed 'Called Back:to the. Town, Hall. We; quote a portion of the article.:-^ ; . j,;; ' Sir'HeriryParkes's 'startling resurrection from the grave which I he had -so \\- carefully and deli berately dug for himself only ? a few weeks ago, was absolutely essential to invest the meeting with ; any : interest': .whatever. And there can be no - doubt, that,/ there is a certain kind; of sensationalism :. in .' Sir Henry's pro posed return: to th'e ? world , to-night. Having intoned his political riiinc dimittis, entered his coffin, conducted his own interment — and been (except by a stray libeller oi his memory) almost forgotten, it is to inspire a ' night side of nature ' kind; of sensation to1 see him turning up at the Town Hall (like a masquerading ghost at a fancy ball) to take his ghastly-part in the performance. It is of small importance' what such gentlemen as Mr. Neild arid. Mr. Abigail may feel themselves obliged to do in the way of discovering and ex pressing public opinion ; but it is another matter when you seo a distinguished and departed states man get out of his coffin, take the return train from liookwood, get out at the Mortuary station, and call a mourning coach to take him to a pnblic meeting on international matters at the Town Hall. There is more than a mere suspicion that the . case has become pretty serious when this tate [of things is reached. And these considera tion will doubtless (as is .often the fate of Sir Henry Parkes) invest tho gathering- of this oven ing with an interest of a character partly mourn ful, and partly grotesque.' . 