ajljlOS OF ArELuOJvINJ;. i (BY Tue GnosT.) n For many years past the lurid clouds of s< ar have not lowered so threateningly over g the world as they do at the present 5i temca Everywhere the talk oi mortial, p the mp of e o n preparing for th o 0eadia,, storife i lherd .oen all aides. Vie gina? tdt?O1lli?hed nt lL evnts t eve ht if JRusians should by any hllauee decide a o having recourse to the arbitrument of heord, her colonists shall not be caught iI uing. If this last "scare" has done o notlhg else, it has at all events resulted t1 on the colony placing itself in a thorough C stte of dlefence, and has given the MIin- f ytry the oportuinity of showing the stuff a olehich they are made. Mr. Service and ti his colleagues have shown themiselves a lal to the occasion, and hluave grappled with the emergency in a way that will on- fe roa their forgiveness for many other 0 faults both of omission and commnuission, ii when the inevitable time of reckoning- - he nraeris quart d'heuro de llabelaiss- i rives, as arrive it must,oven for Coalition a Ministries, sooner or later. Yet despite the darkened horizon. it is pretty safe to ji pedict that with a Gladstone at the helm it of State there will be no bloodshed. A si ntleman of proclivities so peaceful that allows an unprovoked slaughter of 500 ii ace to be alluded to in an offllicial despatch "an incident," and stops to parley after A his allies have been attacked in a manner which he publicly denounces as "entirely it unprovoked," is hardly likely to draw the F sword, and as for Russia, she certainly is lot in a position to undertake a long and s l struggle even were tie Czar so dis- 11 . She may have men, but she hasno E redy money, and an army without pay or pvisions soqn becomes a rabble. The , cablegrams that arrive from, time to time p are, it is true, redolent of gunpowder ; but 1 then, when it is remembered that " our c correspondents" are under the necossity.of r being "senssational" on the very slightest rovocation, and their news when properly 'iseounted has often to be taken with a very lArge gtaiti o1 sAlt, there is in truth h hotmuech cause for anticipating that Vic torians will during the next few months be called upon to defend their hearths- and C homes,. Nevertheless, bearing in mind the trite f aphorism that preparedness for wa'r is the best security for peace, we do well to lot "ready, aye ready,",be our motto, and the wisdom that induced the naval authorities to concede the demands of the men desirous of entgring the naval reserve, and iiduced the Defence Minister to lower the age at which recruits are enlisted in the hlilitlafrom 19 to 18, is much to be com mended. I1i future, though our soldiers may indeed be ' full of strange oaths," few of theit ivill be "bearded like the Paid." The announcement that Russia has pur chased in America a number of swift t ramers, to be converted into armed c cruisers, is one of the sensational jour nalistic items of news that should be well I weighed before acceptance. Surely t America cannotso soon have forgotten the t "little bill," amounting to some three c millions sterlinig, which the Geneva Con- a ference made England pay for having f permitted the Alabamna and Shenandoah to 1 refit at British ports. Cousin Jonathan is quite aware that "what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander," and with this fact before him is hardly likely to incur the responsibility of allowing priva teers to be equipped within Yankee I urisdiction. Thu clergy will have to look to their t hurels. The latest, the very "newest c thing" in coalition, is that between stage 7 and pulpit. MIr. Wybert Reeve has ap peared in the Unitarian Church presided r ever by Mr. George Walters, and "lec- r tured" to a largo Sunday audience. I Truly, "man in his life plays many parts." a Perhaps the next change we shall have to a sword is that the Rev. Mr. Walters has, a "for one night only," consented to replace r Mr. W'ybert Reeve on tie theatrical i boards. In these days of "broad church" a views the .Ling is not quite an impossi- s bility. Any way, it is satisfactory to be p able to record that church and stage have joined hainds for once. Did they do so oftener it would perhaps be to the advan taht of both. i The Melbourne fortune-tellers are having t abad time of it. The occupation of these t two-and-aixpenny Sybils is gone, and the mysterious back slum "madames" who for a few stamps " foretell the future " will no f longer be permitted to beguile love-sick t "young men from the country" or defraud I the maid-of-all-work of her hard-earned "ages. An edict has gone forth from the head of the Post-office forbidding the delivery of any letters henceforth directed to these silly swindlers. Strange that not one of the twenty-eight " ladies" whose names appear as tabu in the Government astllet could foretell that "they would I ("me to grief" through "a fair man," ind that Mr. James Campbell, the Postmaster General, would compel them to seek ways, t more honest, of earning a living. No one dreams now of any " renewal in the autumn" of the offer of any of the Australian colonies to send troops to the Soudan. Indeed, although it was not thought so at the time, it now turns out thatthe non-acceptance of our assistance by the home Government was the very best thing that could have happened to us. As it is, it will go pretty hard with tMir. service when l'arliament meets for having made the offer, and under present circum- 1 rtances how the Premier would have fared had "thei flower of ou' manhood" been allowed to leave our shores to fight the hahdi, it is not difficult to imagine. Circumstances alter cases, as the copy Looks say, and in the present aspect of aflairs England will hardly expect us to do mOre than defend ourselves. l'le Academical Saturnalia would be the proper designation for the disgraceful Proceedings wherewith the annual cluamencement of the Melolourne Uni versity is inaugurated. Th'e question shy on this particular occasion the under graduates should always be guilty of con duct that would cause the blush of shame to marble the check of a Collingwood larrikiu, is one dilficult to answer. Why the youerg gentlemen of the colony, whence in futuregears wue shall draw our doctors, lawyeru, engineers, and Parliamentary ryescntativcs, should, wChenover their dUihgs are submitted to the public gaze, beavre as like blackguards na they well 0n, isone of the questions tlhe "young 0eatlsemen" caen best answer themselves. tOxford ansd Cambridge the "fun" at the " nelOuil coiriuiencement" is largely sPiced with wit, and if excusable at all, is Ctainly so on this ground. At the Mel Lourn University tlhere is nothing but a display of low rowdyism, devoid of all humoulr, anud therefore without a single rdeemsing fe'ature It is to be hoped the Chancellor and the Council will adhere to their recorded determination to put down thi silly demouontration that the under rndlatsl doleen it incumbent upon them toindulge in, with a stern severity. The memory of thePettaval murder,whilh Oerreld soUoe twelve nlonthls ago, and of ch ailu ex-soldier and farmer named Franls heech was the victim, had well nigh diedl nt, lwhen it was suddenly re rlied by tlhe arrest of thle widow and man ervant of the murdered man. It would, Icourse, he infair, while the caso is still ashseeard in the 1'olico Court, to express ny opinion in regaurd to the guilt or in neceneo of the prisoners. Blut it will be orne in mind thst whlile the pocohee and lack trackers were uendeavouring to slheet htoete he murder to au unfortunate lunatic lho hlid been seen in thIe locality of tIhe rime, the opinion wsas hlizarded that the ltOates of the victim's house knew more of the matter than they cared to toll. The 5urlise now turns out to have been cor rect This time the police are not " bark g up the wrong tree." When the details S lthe affair come to he made public, it fl beo found that this particular tragedy, iemanly iu this worll of sorrow, hals its Criin in a swornr's jealousy. T'he nnfiir manner in whlichl the musical and dramatic critics of the SIolbourne morning journals deal with artists who do not take the meaus.of recomnlonding theml selves to the special notice of these gentlemen hlas for yeard past been the subject of adverse comment, A neQs pianist has of late appeared upon the musical horizon of tile inlettopolls id the person of the Cloeitlijf ia?'ltopaldi; recently frnt the tNalles doiiservatol:e. This gentle= man, whom the sapient critics mentioned ignorantly persist in dubbing " Signor," made his debut in the MelbourneTown Hall on Monday evening, under the auspices of the Melbournd Liedertafel. It seems tlhe Chevalier is it composer as well as a per former, for he played It theme of his own, and the orchestra also gave a grand triumphal march, of which he was thei author. The Melbourne Press has united to damn the new comer with faint praiso, for the critics are so puffed up with their own importance that they can see 0io ulierib in any one sate their esliecial favourites, HWhile strangere, however meritorious, invariably receive very rough treatment at their hands. On this occasion, however, the self-constituted theatrical and musical judges are likely again to bn all ltstray, ns thoy often h1t?1 been befoi:c--for in stance, when they tried to write down " Fun on) the Bristol," and only secceeded in securing for it one of the longest runs qnjoyed by any piece in the colonies. An immense and critical audience at the Liedertafel concert' sigtlffed its high approval of the Chevalier Fittopaldi's work and performance, and awarded him an enthusiastic encore. So that he can well afford to let the public be his judge. It might have been bettor, poerliaps,hnad4.tho.?rtit selected a plecit or two from somei well kniwnu composer, in stead of making his first effort with an im provisation of his own. But true genius invariably strikes out an independent course, and that the Chevalier possesses rare talent is evidenced by the notices he has received fromp the Neapolitan papers, whose critics areo far ore accustomed to and infinitely more capable of dealing with high art than the scribes of the Melbourne lress. As a specimen of execution, the Chevalier's performance was certainly unique, and it is quite certain that not withstanding the attempt made to "sit upon" Fittopaldi, he will yet come to the front as a groat musician. April 15.. 