LITERATURE. ESOTERIC BUDDHISM.* In aw age which has ransacked the 8uPer* gtition of the world and of past times to una in escape from orthodox religion on one »ide, and from the cold severities ot Bcience on the other, it is not surprising to meet with Buchabookas this. But there is certainly some significance in the fact that it is already in its third edition, a fact which is the more noteworthy when we consider its eminently mystical and abstract character. It wouia almost seem that the late Archbishop of Canterbury was right in the apprehen sions he expressed about the beliefs the young Hindoo students at the uni versities undermining the Christian faith of those with whom they came in contact The strange spiritual unrest of the time could hardly be better represented than by the flirtations which so many inquirers have allowed themselves with the vulgar ma terialism of American spiritism, rank as it is with the grossest impostures, and the despair ing resort to the occult philosophies of the dis tant East, which, though they affect to speak patronisingly of modem science, andBcom fully, though not altogether without recogni tion of its marvels, of modern spiritism, seem, so far as we can gather from those devotees Colonel Olcott and Madame Blavatsky, to be not above some wonders of the hocus-pocus order akin to those of the many-times-detected tricks'. o£ the spiritists. The truth of the profound old proverb " Extremes meet" certainly receives a good deal of illustration from the many analogies between the newest superstition of the ?\Yest and some of the hoary faiths of the East as we get the latter in Mr. Sinnetts book. The author, it is to be observed, wrues as a faithful disciple " His undoubting mind Believes the inagic wonders which lie sings. He speaks almost with awe of the responsi bility imposed upon him by his being per mitted for the first time to reveal the mys teries of esoteric Buddhism to the \\\ estern world. " The concession," he impresses on us, "involved in the present disclosure of the general outline of this doctrine is re garded by initiates "as one of startling mag nitude." These arcana have been withheld from the eyes of the profane world for ages, but are now made unreservedly public by permission vouchsafed from the highest au thorities. There is something rather pathetic in Mr. Sinnett's claiming spiritual and intel Itctual kinship with the members of the London Psychical Research Society, whose touching belief in ghost stories in this nine teenth century is sufficient to indicate them to him as admirably fitted to receive the high truths of Esoteric Buddhism. He explains that his announcement is the result not of Btudy but of favour. Mr. Sin nett is a sharer of the Eastern belief that " there are men living who know a great deal more about philosophy in the highest accepta tion of the word-the .science, the true knowledge of spiritual things-than can be found recorded in any hooks." Especially is it true in regard to Buddhism that, besides the external popular religion of faith and conduct, there is an occult esoteric body of knowledge, so vast and comprehensive in lis scope that it may be regarded as a magnifi cent and enormous palace in which all the physical and philosophical science of the Western world would not fill one of the smallest rooms. Though this is called Buddhistic, it existed long before the passage through earth life of Gautama Buddha, and was embodied ages before in the Brahminical philosophy. This esoteric science is jealously guarded as " a precious heritage belonging exclusively to regularly-initiated members of mysteriously - organised associations." Al though the wonder-working powers, pos sessed by adepts, and equal to the most marvellous interferences with all the laws and operations of nature, are the part of this science which most impresses the mind of the outside world, by the true adepts they are held in the slightest e3teeiiL " People are sometimes apt to fancy the adept's object in seeking the knowledge he attains has been to invest himself with these coveted powers. It would be as reasonable to say of any great patriot of military history that his object in becoming a soldier had been to wear a gay uniform and impress the imagination of the nursemaids." So that if one of the gifted mahaimas of the Thibetan Brotherhood, being desirous of conferring for a moment with Madame Blavatsky or Colonel Olcott in London or New York, allows his Buddhi or Spiritual Soul to enter some Linga Sharira or Astral Body that may be floating by, and by this means suddenly transports himself to London or New York, and there, as the spiritists would say, materialises himself for the purpose of an interview with his friend, the incident is, to the mind of the true adept, as commonplace an occurrcncs as though he were to ride a mile in a tram-car on a threepenny ticket. And if any one else chooses to wonder, why that is only a proof of the grovelling nature of his estimate of what is really important in this excellent science. For that it is a science our author is never weary ot reiterating. It is science if it is anything. It is a science of evolution form ing an enormous chain, of which Darwinism properly understood is one of the links. 3?here is an immensely extended scale of development which asks for its course and completion periods of time compared with Which the vast geologic epochs demanded by £be Darwinian system are but as a moment Sliis evolution proceeds in a Bpiral fashion ap the mighty range of being, and the turns pf the Bpiral are millions of ages, during which man slowly progresses from one state of being 4o another, and from one planet to jtill another, through all the many wondrous metamorphoaea which he haa to pass. The . Esoteric Budahfem, by A. P. Slnnett Third edl Hon.Loodoa; XrUlwerftOd 188*« life of mankind Bweepa from planet to planet^ perfecting itself as it advances, and rising from kingdom to kingdom-we do not know what it all means, but no matter till the seven planets are all passed and the Bolar pralaya or universal sleep settles down, when "the whole purified humanity merges into Nirvana, and from that intersolar Nirvana will be reborn in the higher systems. The string of worlds are destroyed, and vanish like a shadow from the wall when the light is extinguished." There still remains the cheerful question, "How many of our solar pralayas must come before the great cosmic night in which the whole uuivorse in its collective enormity obeys what is mani festly the universal law of activity and repose, and with all its myriad systems passes itself into pralaya ?" It is satisfactory to be able to state that even the adepts con fess that " thought is baffled" in attempting to fix this number, and give up the riddle. We have spoken of the changes of man kind from planet to planet, and it might be imagined by the vanity of Western scientists that on this matter of the planets they might have a word to say. Nothing would be more indicative of their shallow sciolism than any such miserable pretension. There are only, tell ns the ineffable Mah&tmas;, two other worlds visible to physical eyea These are Mars and Mercury. If the tiro in astronomy mutters something about Venus and Jupiter being also visible, he is loftily told that-in fact, that he knows nothing on the matter. The case is that those planets are " out of it," and " the two planets of our chain that are behind Mars and the two that are in advance of Mercury are not com posed of an order of matter which telescopes can take cognisance of." What becomes of the boasted science of the astronomer in presence of these announcements ? In the whirl of ascending spiral development the present stage of mankind is the " fifth race of the fourth round-" In the sixth round, we are told, " Those faculties which now, in the rare efflorescence of a generation, enable some highly-gifted persons to explore the mysteries of nature, and gather the know ledge of which some crumbs are now," modestly remarks Mr. Sinnet, "being offered fthrough these writings and in other ways) to the ordinary world, will then be the common appanage of all. As to what the seventh round will be like, the most communicative occult teachers are commonly silent Man kind in the seventh round will be something altogether too God-like for mankind in the fourth round to forecast its attributes." But apart from the destiny of the race, rising and brightening at each round till it reaches solar pralaya, and ultimately sinks into cosmic night, some little interest at taches to the future destiny ot the individual. This, we regret to 6ay, is not made equally clear. It seems that at death the three lower principles go one way and the four higher principles, or rather a part of them, emerge and ascend into a spiritual condi tion known as Devachan. It is Known that it is Devachan, but what Devachan is can only be known very imperfectly. There is, perhaps, a suspicion of satire in Mr. Sin nett's remark that Devachan " corresponds in some respects to the modern European idea of heaven." Indeed, the idea given of the destination of the superior principles of the deceased individual is so vague and shadowy that more interest attaches to the question, what becomes of those separated lower principles? These lower remnants, which we rejoice to hear retain "a sem blance of consciousness," take up their abode in Kamaloca, which is ungeographically defined as the region of desire. They exist as an "astral shell," and it is these astral shells, we regret to be told, which spiritualist mediums violently take possession of, and "pump" them as to their doings in their former life. This makes the intense vulgarity of those miserable spirits easily understood. It is not, it will be seen, the higher intellectual and spiritual being of Shakspeare, or Milton, or Cromwell which is made to rap out answers to questions at spiritualistic stances, but only the earthy astral elements of those dis tinguished personages. The case is that while the spiritualised medium professes to take us in at the front door of Shakspeare's cthcrial mansion, and into the drawingroom and the presence of the great man himself, ail that he does is to sneak in at the back door and make us the auditors of his gabble with the footman and stable-boy. It is not Shakspeare, but Shakspeare's discarded husk. And in this way, as Mr. Sinnett very lucidly says, do " elementaries" go on communi cating at spiritual siances at their own heavy coat; for they are unfortunately able, by reason of the completeness of their astral constitution, to go on generating Karma [horrible to state] to assuage their thirst for life at the unwholesome 6pring of mediumsbip." In other words, instead of quietly and contentedly acquiescing in the obvious fact that they are dead, these abandoned astral personages try to support a miserable and degraded existence on the ignominious terms of being hack spirits to a professional medium. To again quote Mr. Sinnett:-" In such cases facilis est descensus. Cut off in the full flush of earthly passions which bind them to familiar scenes, they are enticed by the opportunity which mediums afford for the gratification of these vicariously." We do not know if we are to understand by this that if the medium gets drunk, as it is said mediums sometimes do, his familiar spirits are enabled to share his intoxication. If bo, the abnormal thirst, more than human, which some mediums dertlope would find an easy explanation. And in that case a medium accused of intemperance would have a fair defence if he could say, "You think I drink a good deal, but if you could see all the habitually drunken spirits 'cut off in the full flush of their earthly passions' and with their thirst for malt and Bpirituons liquors still unslaked, which drink out of the pot or glass with me, yon might somewhat niter yoar opinion." Clearly it is never Bate or juBt to judge harshly in this deceptive world. There are many instructive and suggestive matters in Sir. Sinnett's book, but we need not follow them further. There is one ques tion which every reader has been thirsting to put with respect to Mr. Sinnett's tremendous structure of occult science. This is, how Mr. Sinnett knows it to be true, and what is the evidence on which it all rests. Bat this is merely an utterance o£ the incorrigble European mind which cannot, do what it will, properly enter into these sacred mys teries. It is opposed to all logical and di dactic etiquette to ask an adept for his evidence. The request disgusts him as much as the demand made on Falstaff for security. Does the reader realise what an adept is in the flesh? In all probability he is a person who wanders through India and Thibet wearing no more clothes than the necessities of a not exacting climate actually demand, with his head covered with ashes, with a wooden bowl to collect alms; who varies mendicant wandering with long fasts and meditations, or with such exercises as swinging by a hook fixed in the muscles of his back over a slow fire. These are among the genuine students and pro fessors of the lore which Mr, Sinnett under takes to interpret to the Western world. As for the less ascetic adepts who live com fortably by their doctrines, and possibly share with Mr. Sinnett the profits of his book, they are perhaps less admirable than the poor yogi with his ashes and sackcloth and fasts and self- macerating torturea But what does the demand of evidence mean to either the one class or the other ? They know nothing of it, feel no necessity to discover it, no use to which it could be put, and would view the demand for it as only another proof of the impassable gulf which divides the Eastern and the Western worlds. It is only fair to add that Mr. Sinnett's book is written in admirable tone and spirit and literary style, and might in these respects | be fairly taken as a model by the controversial j representatives of more accredited creeds both I in religion and in science. 