The Advertiser PUBLISHED EVERY FRIDAY MORNING. ——— "MODERATE, BUT PROGRESSIVE." —————————————————— THURSDAY, JANUARY 1st., 1885. —————————————————— WITH this issue the old year will be buried in the oblivion of the past, and a new one will have dawned. Congratulations will have been given and received, and the season of festivity and joy will be all over. Business men and domestic economists will be taking stock, and totting up their acounts, and all but the thriftless and indifferent will be more or less reflective. Good reso- lutions will be registered, fresh enter- prises will be determined upon, and in many cases and ways a new start will be made. It is fitting, therefore, and appropriate, for those whose high function it is to consider and criticise passing public events, to retrospectively look into the future. The now dead year has been remarkable for its quietude, prosperity and progress. Seldom, if ever in our history, has the political horizon been so clear of clouds or the atmosphere so undisturbed by the storms of debate and passion. Party strife only exists im memory, and a widespread effort is manifested on all sides, to keep off its recurrence as long as possible. The colony has also been blessed with a degree of pros- perity in all departments of life, which is most satisfactory, and a worthy sub- ject for thankfulness and gratitude. The progress which has been made in mercantile enterprise, agricultural settlement, manufacturing expansion and commercial and domestic trade generally, has been considerable; and the only subject for regret is that wealth and speculative action are setting in too steadily towards the metropolis, thus stripping the country towns of money and muscle, and en- riching the great centre at the expense of the extremities. The evils of over centralization may not be immediately apparent, but the time cannot be far off, unless a great influx of population takes place, when it will be distres- singly apparent. This can be best averted by liberal inducements for thrifty and skilled agriculturists occupying the land, and thus encour aging trade and manufacturing in- dustry in their immediate vicinity. Speaking in a large sense, it may be safely affirmed that the closing year finds us happy, courageous, enterprising, sober, well-behaved, loyal and contented people. We are at peace with our- selves, and no quarrel with those out- side. The prospect in the latter sense is not so hopeful or satisfactory. The action of the German Empire in en- croaching on domains, that by all the laws of equitable ajustment, are ours, and the miserable, shifty and pusil- lanimous conduct of the British Cabinet, relative to the matter, affords a possible disturbing element in the future, and may lead to serious com- plication. Should these arise, we will not shirk our responsibilities, but ex- hibit that spirit of self-defence and courageous action which will compel attention, and force our rights, or failing these, the consequences. It is a poor thing for Britishers to be told that a great empire like ours occupied a part of New Guinea with the con- currence of Germany. Shades of Chatham. Palmerston and Beaconfield, what do you think of that ? We should like to know what Germany has to do with the matter of all ! The German Chancellor knows the weaklings he has to deal with in the present Imperial Government, or he and his governments would not dare to act as they do. Let us hope, however, in closing the year, and entering on a new one, that Teu- tonic bumptiousness and British weak- ness may not lead us into the stirring arena of strife. Should it be so, how- ever, we will do our duty to ourselves and on behalf of the great empire of which we form a loyal, and by no means and insignificant part. We wish our readers—the above possi- bilities notwithstanding—A Happy and Prosperous New Year. =============== The Annual Sports in connection with the Euroa Cricket Club, take place to-- day and a large concourse of people are expected. In the evening a ball will be held in the new Public Hall. Matters in the township have been very quiet during the past week, and as a consequence local news is scarce. Seve- ral of the township residents have been away for their holidays, and during their absence business affairs were of course very dull. After to-day however, the holidays will be over and on Monday every one will have returned to their business again, and will have commenced the new year full of good resolutions and looking for greater success in the future. We trust all their brightest anticipations will be realized.. Messrs Watts and McBean have post- poned their Violet Town sale until Fri- day January 9th. On Thursday next, Messrs Teague & Co will conduct their usual monthly Euroa Stock Sale. At the Murchison Sportsi Meeting on Boxing Day T. J. Lyons and H. Mor- gan of Miepoll South, carried off some prizes. Lyons won the Handicap Hurdle, came second in the Maiden Plate and third in the Murchison Handicap. Morgan won the Consolation Race. From next week till further notification Dr. McCall will visit Violet Town once a week. We have received a copy of the last e Melbourne Punch Almanac. It is as funny as usual, but evidently a writer in the Footscray Independent does not think this much commendation, as he says "The Punch Almanac as a serious and sadden- ing publication might be warranted not to raise the ghost of'a smile upon a defunct undertaker unless indeed it was at the unfortunates who invested their six- pences in such light reading. Messrs Slee, Ogilby & Co, will hold their monthly stock sale to-morrow in their new yards, at the rear of the Euroa Hotel. Mr. W. Williams, Watchmaker from Williamstown will visit Euroa on Thurs- day next and at Violet Town the following day. Mr W. Neelands one of our leading townsmen had a very sucessful morning's sport on Tuesday last among Mr. Elliott's poultry. This gentleman who lives next door to Mr W. Neeland's informs us that the shooting was first- rate, and he believes that a bird was dropped every shot, the muzzle of the gun being placed among the feathers. If Mr. Neelands continues to practice steadily he will be a useful man in the rifle club should one be started here. Unfortunately Mr. Nee- lands has been summoned to appear at the police court on the 16th January, for killing Mr. Elliott's fowls. In our advertising columns a meeting is called for Tuesday week at Mr. P. F. McCluskeys for the purpose of considering the advisability of holding a Race Meet- ing on St Patricks Day. Before coming to anything definite, we would like those who attend the meeting, to consider whether St Patricks is a suitable day. We in conmmon with a great many resi- dents, think not, and for this reason, that on that day, there are always so many counter attractions in and around the district. By all means let us have a race meeting, but let us have it on a suitable day, and then the meeting will be a success, not a failure as in former years. The Euroa correspondent to the "Benalla Standard" in the last issue of that paper, tried to be very severe on us, but miserably failed. He stated that our local paper must have been suffering from a severe attack of mental aberration or forgetfulness as he stated that the only performance to be given on New Year's night was the ball in connection with the Euroa Cricket Club, when the Trades Cricket Club had announced an evening's entertainment, as well as their older brethren." We were perfectly sane when we wrote the paragraph alluded to, quite as sane as our critic, and that we do not take it as a great compliment to ourselves. We had received no official announcement that the Trades Cricket Club intended to hold an entertainment and consequently could not call attention to it. And, here let us say, tlhat we consider the action of the Trades Club in running a counter entertainment to the senior club, to say the very least of it, very foolish, as it will not tend to their good. In a small place like this, there should be no such opposition, but clubs should work in harmony together. We trust, ere long, to see an amalgamation between the two clubs, but are seriously afraid that the action of the Trades Club has opened a breach which will never be closed. In conclusion, we desire to point out to the "Standard" correspondent that we never yet heard of a "paper having a severe attack of mental aberration" although judging by the writings of the corres- pondent, writers are sometimes so affected. Again, he is a bit out in his gender in alluding to a paper as "he" and further we would very much like to know ,how a club can have "older brethern." The Rev. S. Scholes will preach on Sunday next at the Wesleyan Church, both morning and evening. The North-Eastern representatives shaped very well against the English pro- fessionals on Monday and Tuesday. Plea- sents (Euroa), Burton (Benalla), and Tearne (Yarrawonga) made up scores with 48, 34, and 22 respectively. The former went in first, and saw sixteen men out, and was then given out through a mistake on the part of the umpire. On Monday and Tuesday evenings the Mopokes gave an entertainment in the Benalla Shire Hall. On both nights there were large attendances, several of the English cricketers being amongst the audience. The performance on Monday was exceedingly tame, and it was with apparent reluctance that the audience sat it out. The jokes were stale, and the sing- ing wretched., We must however except Messrs Moore and Jamieson, the corner- men, they were really good, and their comicalities were the only redeeming features in the whole entertainment.. On Tuesday the programme was more success- fully carried out Hop beer forms a very nice mild be- verage, suitable for any time of the year. Tie four ounces of hops in muslin, pour over them two more gallons of water with four ounces of bruised ginger tied in muslin, the juice and very thin rind of two lemons, and three pounds of sugar, for half an hour. Add this to the water and hops after they have stood for three hours. When the whole is lukewarm, put in two table-spoonfuls of fresh yeast. Cover over, and leave all night in a warm place. Next day skim and pour it into a barrell with a desert spoonful of cream of tartar and bung it lightly. The day after that it may be bunged tightly, and drawn off for use. It keeps two or three weeks only in hot weather, but longer in cold. It is said on good authority that the Railway Commissioners propose to adopt the course which has been followed on the English railways for a number of years, of allowing the sale of Accidents Insurance Tickets at all the booking offices on the various lines throughout the colony. Under an arrangement entered into with an Insurance Company, pass- engers may on payment of 3d. obtain an Insurance ticket securing the payment of £1000 in the event of an accident causing death, or an allowance of £3 per week for 26 weeks if disabled during the journey for which they have been booked, The payment of 1d. will entitle a passenger to £500 in case of death, and allowance of £2 per week for 26 weeks if disabled, the above rates being the same as are charged at home. Season ticket holders will be able to obtain periodical tickets for a small consideration, insuring them against accidents on the particular lines used by them. HOW TO MAKE GOOD COFFEE.—The Lancet reports a lecture on tea and coffee, in which people are advised to put the coffee for breakfast in an earthenware vessel, pour cold water over it, let it stand overnight;, and bring it to the boiling point by placing it in a water bath or double boiler in the morning, thus pre- serving all the aroma. As the editor pronounces the lecture as being "perhaps the most brilliant since its series begun," the writer has no doubt tried the plan. "Why don't you get up as early as you used to a few months ago ?"' angrily asked a wife of her lazy husband. "Because my dear, its, sleep year?" he grinned, as he turned over for another snoose. How to Succeed—Put the seed in your mouth and suck away. 