THE ARCHBISHOP'S LENTEN PASTORAL. THE ESTABLISHMENT OF TEMPERANCE SOCIETIES. We have been favoured with a copy of the Pas toral Letter of his Grace the Archbishop of Syd ney addressed to the clergy and f aitlif ul of the Archdiocese, for Lent 18S5 : — ; ' , ' ' ! Dearly Beloved in Christ,— Entering ,' upon... the penitential season of Lent, the';Qhurchi ad dresses her children in the words of the Apostle :-r- ' ' Behold now is the acceptable time, behold !now is the day of salvation'' (2 Corinth, vi. 2), and she exhorts us to imitate the example of the prophet Daniel, as recorded in the Sacred Scrip ture, for our instruction : — ' And I set my face to the Lord my God, to pray and make supplica tion with fasting and with sackcloth and ashes, And 1 prayed and said, — 1 beseech Thee, O Lord God, great and terriblo, who keepest the covenant and mercy to them that love Thee and keep thy commandments. We , have sinned, we have committed iniquity, we have done, wickedly, and have revolted and have gone aside from Thy commandments and Thy judgments. 0 Lord to us belongeth confusion of face, but to Thee, the Lord our God, mercy and forgiveness, for we have departed from Thee.' ' At every page of the Gospels our Lord presents in His blessed life an example of humility, self denial, and penance ; and whilst He sets this divine model before us, He again and again re peats, ' If any man will come after Me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow Me,' And he that taketh not up his cross and followeth Me is not worthy of Me' ( Luke ix. 23 — Matt. x. 38). And the better to encourage us to follow in the footsteps of our Saviour, we are in structed that the fruits of thin penitential life are to obtain pardon of our sins, to give efficacy to our prayers, to overcome temptations, to vanquish our spiritnal enemies, and to procure even tem poral blessings. In the early ages of the Faith, throughout the whole time of Lent, a strict fast was rigorously and faithfully observed. St Ambrose declares ' Whatsoever Christian will not fulfil the duty of the consecrated Lent by fasting, will be held guilty of prevarication and contumacy ;' and St. Basil attests ' There is no island, no region, no province, no city, no nation, no place however remote or difficult of access, to which this proclamation of the Fast has not reached ; nay, the very cohorts of soldiers and they who journey, be they mariners or merchants, all, in fine, to whatsoever class they belong, hear this edict of fasting' and embrace it with a joyful mind. Wherefore, let no one withdraw himself, let no one separate himself from the ranks of those who fast, in which order every nation, every age, every degree of dignity is numbered.' At the present day, the Church of God, desirous only for the welfare of her children, and taking into account the habits and manner of life of various nations, has, in a great measure, relaxed the rigour of the law of fasting. This makes it the more imperative upon us to enter earnestly into the spirit of the Church, to conform our life to the life of Our Blessed Lord, by embracing voluntary occasions of self-denial, and by observ ing- faithfully the few salutary restraints which are still enjoined. During the whole time of Lent we should cherish a spirit of prayer and penance, and united with all the children of the Church throughout the Christian world, we should approach with confidence the throne of God, that those days may be for us a truly acceptable time — a season of reconciliation and mercy, and replete with the special blessings and graces of which wo stand in need. There is, however, one special work of piety and self-denial which I would wish on the present oc casion to commend in a particular manner to the clergy and faithful of this diocese. It is known as the ' Association of Prayer' for the promotion of holy temperance. Throughout the English speaking countries, in modern times, drunkenness is the chief means of which Satan avails to en snare his unhappy victims. In England, Cardinal Manning has laboured for years, with all the zeal and dovotedness of an apostle, to root out this terrible vice. It io cheering to reflect, that already the members of the League of the Holy Cross, against intemperance, in England, are numbered not by hundreds but by tens of thousands. In the United States, the religious temperance as sociations are still more flourishing. East and AYGst, north a,nd south, the biahops and clergy of that great Church have raised their voice to pro claim the necessity of promoting temperance, and to warn their flocks against the deadly evils of drunkenness. Not less earnest have been tho clergy and faithful of the Irish Church, in their endeavours to promote the same holy cause. The archbishops and bishops, when assembled in Octo ber, 1873, adopted the following resolution: — ' We earnestly call upon our clergy through out Ireland, to exert all their influence and zeal in reprensing drunkenness, which is one of the great evils of the day, demoralizing and improvishing the people, and destroying in thousands the souls which Christ died to save. Amongst the means which may be usefully employed, we recommend ' The A.ssocia ion of Prayer,' and the establishment in every parish of Temperance Societies, based upon the principles of the Catholic Religion.' So, too, the National Synod, held in Maynooth in September, 1875, ex horts all the faithful iu words of solemn warning, to unite in rooting out this destructive vice : ' Against an evil so widespread and so pernicious we implore all who have at heart the honour of God and the salvation of souls to bo filled with holy zeal. We warn parents and employers that they are bound to set in their own persons an example of temperance to those who are subject to them, and to watch lest through their own negli gence those entrusted to their charge should fall victims to ''rink. We exhort artizans and other members oi the working-classes to join some of the pious confraternities approved of by the Church ...fin which if they be faithful to the observance ?'' the rules, they will find a school of V(r h;i;isti?.n self-denial. We bless from our lK'ctris those zealous ecclesiastics and others who, in accordance with the spirit of the Church, devote -.-their time and energies to for warding the cause, of temperance ; and we would remind all that, however valuable other helps may be, there exists but one unfailing source whence human weakness can draw strength to resist temptation and break the bonds of evil habits : that source is the Sacred Heart of Jesus, the ever-flowing fountain of mercy, from which, through prayers and the Sacraments, we receive grace in seasonable aid. The habit of daily prayer faithfully persevered in, frequent and worthy approach to tho Sacraments, the devout hearing of the Word of God, and the avoiding' of dangerous occasions, are the only sure means by which intemperance oan be overcome.' It is true that something has already been done in this City of Sydney to check the growth of intemperance. Societies have been formed in more than one district, in which particu larly the young arc pledged to wage war against drunkenness, and to cherish the love and promote the practice of temperance. Not a little, however, remains still to be achieved, nor should we rest satisfied until the degrading vice has been entirely banished from this great colony. I would wish to see the Association of Prayer or some other temperance society established in each district of the diocese, and I would be particularly desirous to see all the children of our schools en rolled under the religious banner of holy temper ance. But why is it that I am so anxious to see those pious associations multiplied throughout the diocese, and why do I wish to introduce the prac tice of temperance into every Christian home throughout the length and breadth of the land ? The first reason is that the virtue of Temper ance brings with it true Christian joy and peace and consolation, and produces abundant fruit. What words can adequately set forth the merit and the privileges of this virtue ? It is itself the fruit of Divine Charity and Faith and Hope, and in return it guards and preserves in the soul, and lends a hundred-fold increase to those Christian virtues. The Apostle writing to the Corinthians, reckons temperance among the special gifts of the Holy Spirit of God. It elevates the soul above the grovelling passions of this world, and fixes our affections on heavenly things. It gives vigour against temptation, it conquers Satan, it unites the heart more closely to God. In the Old Law it was expressly enjoined on the Levit-?s, that before entering the sanctuary they should abstain from all intoxicating- drinks, and deatli was the penalty for the violation of that precept (Levit. x. 9). If the strength of heaven descended upon Sampson, that strength was the fruit of Temperance. If Samuel, in a wondrous way, was clothed with wisdom and prophecy, he was from infancy marked out by Temperance for these gifts of God. If St. John the Baptist was filled with the Holy Ghost, and chosen to be the Pre cursor of our Blessed Lord, he was at the same time a perfect model of Temperanco, and his whole life was an exhortation to this great virtue. 'Temperance,' writes St. Prosper, ' re- strains concupiscence, moderates our passions, multiplies holy desires, chastises vice, reduces to order our depraved affections, repels bad thoughts, engrafts science in the soul, extinguishes the fire of unlawful pleasure, gives peace to the heart, and defends us from every storm of temptation.' (Do vita contempl.) Thus truly great is tho virtue of temperance, and nothing should be left undone and no effort spared to secure for ourselves this priceless treasure. But there is another motive for promoting those associations of temperance, and it is, that we may thus the better guard ourselves against every ap proach of the insidious vice of drunkenness. The drunkard is reckoned amongst those ' who shall not possess the Kingdom of God' (1 Cor., vi. 10) ; that is to say, he shall not enjoy in this life the heavcnlj blessings and consolations which are the happy portion of the true children of Christ, and ho shall not be partaker of their eternal blessed ness hereafter. The Apostle even exhorts the faithful to have no communication with such drunkards, and he repeats, ' of which I foretel you, as I have already said, that they who do such things shall not obtain the Kingdom Of God' (Galat. v. 21.) Again intemperance is numbered among the ' works of the flesh ; ' and elsewhere the Sacred Scripture declares that 'fornication and wine and drunkenness take away the heart' (Hosea iv. 11). The evil tree is known by its evil fruits, and the fruits of drunkenness are hard ness of heart, and darkness of the intellect, and tho spiritual death of the soul, and the eternal bitter slavery of Satan. How can the drunkard hope to cultivate those virtues which our holy re ligion commands ? How can we look for piety, and charity, and peace in tho drunkard's home ? What lessons of Christian wisdom can ho impart to his unhappy children ? Doos he by word and example guide them in the paths of ! heaven ? Alas ! docs he not rather too often hurry them on with railroad s}:-eed along the broad way that leads to perdition ? Our Divine Saviour exhorts all His disciples to take up the cross of self-denial, and to follow daily in His blessed footsteps. Tho drunkard refuses that holy cross ; he even casts it far from him, and chooses in its stead the yoke of Satan, tho deadly cup of intemperance. The soul enslaved to drunkenness soou becomes a very sink of corrup tion : there is no sin, no evil influence to which it ' is not exposed : there is no depth of crime to which it may not be dragged down : abyss quickly follows upon abyss, and there is no violation of God's commandments of which this terrible vice is not the parent. It cannot then supriso us ', that the Fathers of the Church should present to \ '?? uuinthe darkest :coiourshthis;i?hideous vice of .. -drunkeness. St. Augustine describes it as ' a pestif . ,; leaice .ofrsouls/' ;and St.; John ? Chrysostom ; styles ?fit ;' the joy of demons; the,r parent, of ; ten ..thousands . evils.' Will ;,itV ?'not ' '.?$&,.,.. ?within ' the experience of each one of us that so many -persons, otherwise endowed with excellent quali fi.tie's' of mind, and ' heart, have, by intemperance, ^brought ruin oh themselves and their families ? ( -And yet, when they were entering on their career ;; of 'life, surely they did not wish to be intemperate,; ,'l(nor did; they desire to die a drunkard's death; j had they been enrolled betimes ^n the ? Total ?'?Abstinence Association, they would have been '.'preserved from the first approaches of this, vice,; ;i and would, thus, most probably^; cave;been saved ? for time and for eternity. ? ^-1'*b ??' ????'? ,: There isj however, a yet more: i-povverfui. motive; ' why we should establish the Association of Prayer!, ?'? for promoting Teniperancej' : and' It. is that we may . make some, slight act of, reparation to our; Blessed ; Lord. During His sacred' agony, the niariy sins; 'of a drunkenness committed from day ; to.' day ? throughout the world were present to him in all ?rtheir details, each of them inflicting its own cruel '?wound. It was to expiate these sins 'that He eh- ; ; dured the terrible suffering ' of an excruciating .'thirst -upon the cross ; and it is toT be! re- : 'marked, that it pleased Him, by : the, : sacred words ?'? I thirst,' to.'make known to us this agony ;abbve! all! His: other sufferings. What aiy infinite expiation, far-reaching and complete, is expressed iii these blessed words ' I thirst' ! Truly our ^suffering Saviour thus bears the penalty due to ?the justice of God for man's indulgence in. -'druhkenness, and for the inniunerable sins with ;w;hicti intemperance has flooded the world: The ?Evangelist adds that . when the Redeemer proT ;nputicect these solemn words the executioners 'cruelly and mockingly off ered vinegar- and gall to ?His .parched lips. ? Alas ! is it not thus that the 'drunkard acts P and' t'o.the.Eede'eme'r's:,words,,,'I .thirst-'' he replies 'only by. repeating, the frantic criminal cry for more drink, thus-to intensify the suffering 'of Our Lord. The Mends of Temperance,! bnjthe other hand, rejoice to offer thetribtite of their self-denial, little as it may be,; in atonement 'to bur agonizing Redeemer ; they love to, associate itheinselye's i- .with Him in His suffering, and. ^by this penitential exercise, as well 'as by prayers',; and by multiplying good works, and. by special, thirst for - God' s , glory,- they endeavour % to i make some reparation for that sinful thirst -that leads' so many into' vice, and robs heaven of. countless SOUlS..,.'!;.!- ;'.' :?. -.' ':?''? '? !-!' ???-:??? ' ' ' '' ?'??'' ' ;The better- to : promote the holy cause of Tem perance,1 1 purpose to establish, in the. Pathe'dral, during approaching Lent, the Central Association of r Prayer against Drunkenness, and I- would re quest' .the various Temperance . Associations f.VirrvncrHriii-f; klip Vlinftp.sfi to send tho namest of thfiir respective members to the priest in charge of the Central. Association, thus the more . effectually to form l;a : strong . aii4 united body to check the growth of intemperance. ; 'I would -also exhort all the children of the Church 'during1 this holy season, of Lent, to fre quently, meditate on the : Sacred Passion of our Blessed Lord. The pious exercise of the Stations of the Cross is particularly recommended by the Church ;i'or the Fridays of Lent, and is enriohed with many special indulgences. ?'To:meditate on the sufferings and death of our Saviour is a most pro fitable means to dispose ourselves to worthily ap proach the 'holy Sacraments of Penance and the Blessed'].Eucharist|.wluchj' by the j)recept of the Church, we are 'all bound to partake of within the PaschaTtime. '? -r ; ' ? ' ?? ;. : Of .the: rest, pearly Beioved, be mindful of the Apostle's words : 'Ye are all children of light, ana cnuaren ot day j we are not 01 nignt nor 01 darkness, ]/therefore!let!!us not sleep, even, as the others ',.',' .,,. but let us, who rare of day, be sober, having oh a breastplate of faith and charity, and for a helmet] the lippe' of salvation : for God hath not aj)pointed us to wrath, but for the attain ment ? of salvation,' through ' Jesus 'Christ our Lord.' -..-„:;:??,:?.?- J. May the peaceof our* -Lord1 Jesus : Christ and His blessing be with us 'all. ' . , : , ... ,, t:PATRICK ;F. MpiBAN,,, !.'*? ??,'?; .. : .' ?':.??; Archbishop of Sydney/ &c.; Sydney, 8th Pebruavy; 1885. ;_;.!. ' ' 1\. The above '-Pastoral will be read at the parochial ^Masses throughoixt: :- the diocese, 'oh ' next Sunday or the' firjst Sunday of /Lent; : :' V . ;^: ;,The; Novena for the! festival of St. Patrick, will commence on Monday, the 9th of March; For the pixrposef6f gaining the ; Indulgence's, c !a short prayer; in'honpur of' the Saint, Jmay be added to the Usual Lenten Devotions, and Benediction of of the Most -Holy Saerauient may be- given on eaoh day of the ^'ovena. ' '???? 8.,,The Dipcesan . Synod of -.the' Clergy will be held, in the, CatbedraL, on Wednesday, the 29th of April, at 9 o'clock. » ??: All the clergy; secular and regular, .having.: faculties for the: Holy Sacrament of ,. 'Penance, hwill.rbe -pleased to .i attend, unless speciailyvexempted.;\ ? ; :.????????? .-...? .4. The clergy in charge of the parochial dis tricts . arel authorized to dispense in the lnw of fasting, if tliere be a just cause for doing so. .in.; ?LENTENVINDULT FOR 1885. l.;;Sunday: is exempt from the law of fasting and abstinence. ! 2. Meat is allowed at dinner only, 6nr all day&i; except on Wednesdays and Fri days/ -the' Saturday of Ember Week, and Holy Saturday. 3. On fasting days a collation may bo taken in the ? morning and in the evening. At collation a small qxxantity of milk and butter may be used. 4. Cheese and butter are allowed on all days at dinner. 5. In place of butter, lard or dripping is permitted on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday. 6. Eggs are allowed on all days at .dinner except on Ash Wednesday and Good Fri day.' .7. Persons of tender age, qr engaged in laborious work, or. in delicate health, or to whom jesting would be injurious, are exempt from the lawiJ -8i The parochial dargy are authorized to grant I a dispensation in particular cases when there is ajust, causefor granting it. 9. Easter Confession and Communion must be made between Ash. Wednesday and Trinity Sunday, both days included, ' ? ; Wfl a.re' authorized to state that the Diocesan Synod, of 'the clergy will be held in St. Mary's ,;.CatKedrai-J Sydney, on the 29th of April next. AH the clergy of the diocese will attend. The 'scaffoldihg a,round the new works in pro gress at St. Mary's Cathedral on account of its extreme height, may be. plainly seen on entering the liarbbiu'. .', ! i 