castektos. (fbou oub own correspondent. ) July 23. The Spectator trophy, taking, as it did, the acceptable form of current coin of the realm, has been keenly contested for, and won by Mr. H, B. Jackson. I wonder why the News per- sistently insists upon designating the trophy alluded to as the " Rippon" trophy. It cannot be that the name of the Spectator is unsavoury to the taste or offensive to the nostrils of the ifcuv, as the latter has the virtue, whether assumed or not, of welcoming contributions to Casterton interests of all descriptions ; but there must be something in it, as I am informed that the captain of the Rifle Corps has pointed out repeatedly the mistake in the - designation, but you know tbe old saying, " Convince a man against his will," &c.; However, I think I can say positively that any more such like contribu- finni will Ra VaII rMvivAtl ?)PrA. And the effect they will have will be the removal of that tiuge of asperity existing iu the relations of rival towns, which appears to be almost inseparable from their growth and being, Mr. Joseph Thompson, the Leviathan of the Betting Ring, has recently figured in a new character, viz., that of custodian of the public morals, champion of the defenceless, and de fender of the faith, as instance : At a leading hotel, during the recent race meeting at Mount Gambier, an owner of horses, indulging in some rather coarseand parliamentary expressionsin the presence of (amongst others) a clergymui, Mr. Thompson advanced to the offender, and in good round set terms administered a lecture to him in the ore rotunde style, and in a manner made peculiarly impressive to the delinquent and all around, who were or seamed to be deeply im pressed with the Leviathan's spouting i am sorry that no report of the verbal castigation is to hand, as from what i hear, it would have been worthy of transmission to the Archbishop of Canterbury, as a sample of powerful invective against evil speaking. Browning men catch at straws, and Mr. Forcible Feeble who V docs "(and does it so well) the Sandfotd correspondent of the Caster- I ton Arews, has, in his letter to that luminary of Friday tab drog t kisfriend "Figaro "and AhttYiVg him for the rub he (Figaro) had given to "your own." I contemplate tba partnership thus soplainty established between Feeble and Figaro, j with much satisfaction. I think they have | entered into business on fair and equitable terms, both possessing an equal amount of I literary capital "Where the rub lay 1 know not, but the sapient Sandford man saw it, so he Bays ; — well these old men will be talking — and then ! for him to accuse me — me of impertinence — and impertinence to him — why I venture to say that the Sandford man has no more genuine admirer than myself. 1 can always find amusement in his letters. I would as soon think of " cheek- ing " my grandmother. Senility whether of age or intellect should be respected. I confess, I am surprised tbat the Sandford man should have taken my remarks in such dudgeon, I am almost sorry that I wrote, since my remarks have apparently been so much misinterpreted, and for the future (until next ; time) I will refrain from jarring his sensitive organisation. My Sandfordian friend shall pour forth his two paragraphs bi-weekly in aU the comfort and security that should surround the historian of his district. It matters little and it will irk me not, if he issues streams of diluted sky blae verbiage—it will be good enough for the JVcies— and why should it trouble me ? The Land Board held to- day was only the ghost of its predecessors. Tbe list of cases for merly extending to 50 or 60, dwindled down to- uay to a paltry eleven, and tne nrst ten were disposed of quickly. In the last, Mr. John Ross, Was called upon to show cause why his selection of 320 acres, should not be forfeited. This was certainly an ignominious position for Mr. Ross to be placed in, as be, as an aboriginal native of the soil, has a prior right to all the land on whioh the Board has ever been called i upon to exercise its jurisdiction, and that right has never, to my knowledge, been for feited cr bartered away, and it is only on sufferance, that sufferance which is the outcome of the actions of those who take, who bare tbe might— and against all laws of equity. Talk about the down trodden celt indeed, when the lineal and legitimate descen dant of a long line of kings is pat to the ignominy of pleading for a pocket- handkerchief area of tbe broad landa be longing to his forefathers, stretching from sea to sea - and to add to his shame, having to plead for it before poor white trash — and in spite of the efforts of his advocate, also a member of an oppressed race. AU tbat he conld extort from i ijiiujuuub uiigiuviijr woa (iu«i( reiucmuibmssenb : that he should retain his holding, but, mark you, only on condition that his conduct in deal ing with tbe land should be kept under super vision. After this — ' Arouse ye Goths, and glut your ire." I understand that Mr. C. E. Jones will re visit Casterton on the 21st August, and it is ar ranged that that gentleman will give his popular lecture, entitled, 4 4 Parliamentary Sketches at the Mechanics' Institute." The lecture, I be lieve, gives an outline of the dawn of repre sentative institutions. From the Saxon era, through the Norman period, of which I suppose the famous charter of Kunnymede will form the most interesting item ; through the dissolute reigns of the Stuarts and the attempt at ex tortion, and the resistance thereto of tbe Roundheads ; through the venal regime of Wal- pole ; tbe patriotic time of Chatham down to Peri, Russell, Palmerston, Gladstone, and Disraeli ; down still further, to the colonial Bent and Gaunson. wnat a scope for a lecture. One would think that the headings of each notable event would be sufficient in their recital to occupy the time usually allotted to a lecture. Mr. Jones must have a happy facility of con densation to give even a microscopic view of the important events he must necesisarily treat of. 1 believe that we are getting stage struck. We have already one thoroughly-organised Amateur Dramatic Society, and lo! another (emulous, I suppose, of the success of the first) has sprang into existence ; but with this marked difference, the latest born is a private theatrical affair. I have every faith in the members of the private theatrical business (that is, in those I know are members of it), and I think that the manager has exercised a wise discretion in mak ing the affair private (perhaps the more private the better), and I do not think that tbe public at large will be apt to cavil at the conservatism. I trust that their first efforts will receive the applause of tlieii friends. Tbe final contest for the trophy presented to the Casterton rifle club by the proprietor of the apcawjr, wok piace ai> we xooai uui»ui uu xues- day last, resulting in a win for Mr. H. B. Jack son. The conditions for the trophy were three competitions, the first, second, and third in each match, to count 5, 3, and 2 points respectively. In the first match Mr. Nowacki was first, Mr. Matbeson, second, and Dr. Gunst, third. In the second, the places were filled by Messrs. Jackson, Matheson, and Campbell, and the final score was as follows : — 200 300 400 500 600 ban. total yus yus yus yas yus Jackson 12 16 19 18 14 2 81 Wilson 16 9 21 18 4 12 80 Campbell 20 12 20 4 14 9 79 Matheson 11 15 21 17 13 0 77 Carmicliael 18 9 13 14 9 14 77 Hooper 19 13 24 11 7 7 76 Grant 15 10 15 16 12 7 75 M'Calman 8 C 19 9 8 11 61 Nowacki 17 14 10 11 7 0 59 Gunst 14 11 Retired 5 30 