The Shadow on the Screen. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE CHRISTMAS 'QUEENSLANDER.'] CHAPTER I. IVOLEIGH AND ITS INMATES. BY HUGH ERSKINE COOPER. I CONFESS that what I am about to relate has an air of improbability; but I promise to give a detailed account of the facts as they happened, and, as far as possible, to avoid drawing on my imagination for anything. To begin with, my name is Henry Suminerficld, and at the time about which I am writing I was living at Cook town, whither I had gono with the laudable and all-absorbing purpose of a young fellow of twenty one—of making money. I was a Custom-houso oHicer, and in that capacity had been residing in the_ town for some three months. During that period I had made the acquaintance of two other kindred spirits—Robert Farguson, in the Go vernment employ, aud Thomas Waiwarde, a journalist on the local Press. We were all jovial aud pushing young fellows ; in colonial parlance, wo wore on our own hook and had to make our own way in the world. I think it was myself that originated the idea that we should live together; aud to combine economy with privacy and comfort we rented a little place a short distance from the town, called Ivoleigh. Here we kept bachelors' quarters, were suffi ciently well served by a Chinese boy who went by the name of Tommy, and during tlie month's experience together not the slightest incon venience had arisen to disturb our domestic harmony. Wo were popular among our fellowe anil many a jolly eveniug had we spent togotht r at Ivoleigh, faoiuctimer, among ouraelvp;;, .-,ome times with others ;iu our quests. We had a piano, mi which I performed v little. Farguson was our leading tenor, and Waiwarde, when muJc failed, Umne ab our wit and r'H.onieur, and over his own experiences and those of others into whose society ho h:id been thrown we had many a jolly laugh. fio umcli for the inruateo of Ivoleigh. Of the place itself a few words will ::nH:ce. Like all North Queensland houses, it was built to meet the two requisites of coolness during the hummer, and security against the penetrating damp of tho miny seasons ; and with its low roof and wide veranda it by no means fell short of these. A little garden had been artistically laid out by our predecessors, and we had improved it, as we thought, by erecting a little arbour wherein we u^ed to smoke and talk when the evenings were too close to bo spent inside. Finally, of the time at which the events to be related occurred, as the reader may anticipate, it was Christmas. The summer had set in with rather more than its usual heat and drought. During the day that hazy breathless atmosphere settled down upon the bush and town, which is so characteristic of Australian summers, und in the evenings it was so close that as soon as tea was over, unless busi ness callod us into town, we invariably adjourned to the arbour. Farguson had mode an attempt at decorating the house, and, considering the materials, &c;, at his disposal, was tolerably successful in making its interior assume an appearance befitting the festive season. Excepting the drinkables, which Wai warde took under his own especial consideration, the Christmas dinner was entrusted to my care. On previous occasions I had covered myself with glory and grease-spots in the supervision of the cuisine; and on this particular occasion was put upon my mettle by some disparaging remarks of Waiwarde's. I will refrain from dilating upon all our preparations. Tho reader can imagine foHiimsolf how I tried to impress upon that self- Ratisfied heathen the magnitude of the task before him; how I successfully cajoled, stormed at, and threatened him during the different stages of the Christmas pudding, elicit ing only reiterated declarations of his entire 'savviness' of what was expected of him, and re quests for ' Massa not to trouble ; and how, finally, the whole affair was an entire success. Chapter 11. the shadow on the screen. We dined at about sunset—the coolest part of the day—and never do I remember having a jollier dinner. Everything was excellent in the way of eating and drinking; we were in exu berant spirits ; and—albeit, we were only three —the conversation did not flag for a minute. Waiwarde displayed greater wit than ever, aud kept Farguson and me in roars of laughter. We toasted one another in miniature speeches and flowing glasses, und drank to each other's prosperity more than once. After dinner we of course retired to the arbour, leaving Tommy to clear away the remains of the banquet and regale himself in his own way with what was left; and, boliove mo, Tommy was a thoroughly renegade Chinaman, no more be lieving in the moderate views in diet and pota tion of his countrymen than does the darker skinned native of this country by whom he is so cordially hated. It was on the topic of the Chinese that we happened to touch in our conversation as we smoked and yarned in the arbour. Of late years they had flocked to the town, and at the time the larger half of its population was Chinese. They had no doubt been attracted by the Palmer goldfields, where it was no uncommon thing for a Chinaman to make a fortune and return to his native country within a few years of his first leaving it. A pause occurred in our talk, during which we smoked in silence. It was a dead calm—not a breath disturbed the stillness of the night, and the heavy depressing atmosphere augured rain. In fact, the sky was checked here and there with dark black clouds, behind which the moon would at, times disappear, leaving the earth in a gloom which made the gaunt gum-trees near the ouse look more dismal and spectral than ever, and would issue again suddenly, lighting the whole scene with a brilliancy which was exaggerated by the darkness which preceded it. The door of our dining-room was wide open, and inside, before the entrance, was a large green baize screen which seemed to have seen a better day, for the baize was perfectly napless, and was getting wofully threadbare. Farguson had bought it 'for a song' at an auction. It had taken his fancy for some unaccountable reason. Eveiy day for several months, he said, that screen, occupying the foremost place in the auction mart, seemed to look appealingly at him. In its exposed position of course the traffic from the street covered it each day with dust, and I verily believe that in the brushing* from the auctioneer's man in his endeavours to make it look respectable for the sales it received more wear and tear than it did in the whole of its pre vious usage. When we came to live together, as I said, to satisfy a fancy Farguson bought it, and, shabby as it was. it was very useful. In the daytime it kept the glare of the sun out, while it allowed the air to come in through the open door. Tommy used to invariably move it aside in the evening, but on this occasion he had for Home reason neglected to do so. Between the screen and the table, on which the lamp was burning, nothing intervened—the reason for dwelling on which fact the reader will perceive further on. ' Do you believe in ghosts ?' This was the interrogation made somewhat abruptly by Waiwarde f< waking Farguson and myself from thoughts which, as far as I was con cerned, were engaged upon anything but that subject. 'Of course^ not,' was our simultaneous and laughing rejoinder. •Well, I'll tell you a ghost Btory,' said Waiwarde, ' which may, perhaps, shake your in credulity in that resi>ect.' ' Fire ahead!' cried I, lighting my pipe and assuming an air of bravado which I by no means felt; for I confess that with the uncanny sur roundings Waiwarde could not have seized upon a more untimely topic. It was half-post 11, and I had just been on tho (joint of moving an adjournment, but, as I have said, I lit my pipe and settled myself comfortably, or rather uncomfortably, in my seat. Farguson did likewise. ' We were talking just now,' began Waiwarde, 'of Chinamen making their fortunes. When I first came up to Cooktown, some five years ago, there was a great deal of talk about a Chinky— Ling-Ho — who had amassed a considerable fortune on the Palmer diggings, and had settled down to a semi-European mode of life in a suburban cottage. They described him to me an being a cadaverous stooped creature, with the usual cunning smile und still more cunning eyes of his race; and it was said that he was a miser. Well, one day he was miused from the town, whither he went daily on his old pursuit of money-making, and he was never heard of since ! Whether he was murdered by one of his comrades, or was eaten by the blacks, or wa3 taken by an alligator, it was never found out. The hou^e where he lived by himself wav Learched, but no •J'jn of him or his trea:-ure wai. seen. Of the latter all Lorts of stories were current. Some i<<*ifl he buried it, others that he had hidden it like other misers somewhere in his house, the whereabouts of which I could never find out. Some time elapsed, and the story was being forgotten, when I remember being with some fellows camping at W , and as we were yarning together we heard a Bhriek near at hand, and the next minute the Chinaman who had been cooking for us come running up to where we wore, and with a face like that of a corpse, and trembling in every limb, told us that he had seen Ling-Ho kneeling on the ground as if hiding something, and that he then rose, turned, and beckoned to our boy, who, taking to his heels, swore that Ling-Ho followed, still beckoning.' Waiwarde concluded his story with all the ghastliness he was capable of, and stopped suddenly, and all three of us remained in silence. Just then the moon disappeared behind a cloud, and our eyes, as was natural after such a narrative, avoiding the surrounding gloom, turned intuitively to wards the door whence the light from our lamp issued. And then we saw that which struck us all chill and speechless for the moment— a shadow on the screen of a man bending down as if looking for something. Chapter 111. A MYSTERY. The question which simultaneously arose in our^ minds was — What could it be ? There against the threadbare screen through which the lamplight plainly shone was the figure of a man. Nothing intervened between the lamp and the screen, aud to explain tbe presence of the shadow on the latter it would have to be sup posed that something endowed witli motion had placed itself there. Tommy had passed us on his way to the shed in which he slept, and could not have returned without exciting some com ment. Did we, influenced by the lateness of the hour, and under the mental excitement conse quent on the late topic of our conversation, entertain any idea of the supernatural ? Did we, possessed by the vague indefinite feeling of dread to which human nature is susceptible under such circumstances, connect in any way the shadow of the atory with Ling-Ho and his ghost? I will make no confessions, reader, beyond that we were beginning to feel very un comfortable, when the moon suddenly burst forth from its shroud, and in the dazzling bright ness of its light the lamplight was dimmed, and the shadow faded from the screen. The startling tableau with which we had been favoured took place in less time than has been spent in nar rating it, and, being freed from its disagreeable fascination, we set about the solution of the mystery at once. 'Talk of the devil, and his ghost will appear,' said Waiwarde with a faint effort at joking. 'You are the best acquainted with him, Waiwarde, so you had better go and lay this spectre that you have called up, and we'll wait here for you.' This advice of Farguson's was not well received by any means by him for whom it was intended ; and so I proposed that we should go together, and not rest till we got to the bottom of the affair. It was not without a sensation of sustained excitement that we paused on the threshold of the room. But when we entered it was to find it totally free from human or superhuman pre sence, and nothing disturbed the dead silence but the loud ticking of the clock. To satisfy our curio sity, however, we looked into every place which might offer concealment, and examined the floor for any sign of a trap-door. All to no purpose. 'Very mysterious, I must say.' said Wai warde; and Farguson and I agreed with him. After some deliberation as to what should be next done, we determined to extinguish the light and remain in the room, preserving perfect silence, hoping by this means to entice the ghost into the room again. We had actually put this plan into action, and were sitting in the dark, silent and expectant; I had by this time got over the influence of what I had seen, and was beginning to feel very sceptical about the ghost, when I was startled by a loud creak at my elbow. It may have been only one of those nocturnal Bounds that meet the sleepless man's ears, but I felt the old apprehension stealing over me, which was confirmed when I heard Farguson say in a hoarse whisper, ' Look at the screen!' The moon was shining full upon it now, and as I looked my eyes met the same shadowy form. It seemed as if part of the screen, and perfectly motionless. My disordered fancies filled in all that was wanting to complete the spectral apparition, and 1 remained paralysed for a moment with a cold perspiration suffusing my forehead. Then in desperation I struck a light and stepped forward, to find— nothing. Chapter IV. THE DISCOVERY. We looked askance at each other, and Wai warde gave a prolonged whistle. 'That beat all,' said he. ' Did you notice that the shadow seemed to be in the screen itself ?' I asked. They both had been struck with the same fancy, and when I recalled the scene just wit nessed an idea struck me which convinced me that I had at last located the ghost. I took the lamp in my hand. ' What ore you going to do ?' interrogated my companions in a breath. ' Pll show you,' I replied; ' bring the screen into the middle of the room, and I think I'll prove to you that there are no such things as ghosts.' They did so, and, telling them to stand close up to the screen, I held the lamp ou the other Bide. What they saw was just as I ex[tected. Be tween the two folds of worn-out baize there was what appeared to be some lining, which through the brusuings tho screen had received had been drawn towards the centre, and in such a ixwition that, though not exactly, gave a shadow which approximately resembled what we had supposed a man's. We were laughing at the readiness with which we had accepted the supernatural, when Wai warde was struck with a very small piece of what we called lining protruding through a little runt in the baize. ' Feel that,' said he, after doing so himself, ' and tell me what it is.' 'Is it?' ' It can't be.' ' By George, it is !' These ejaculations intimate to the reader that we had made a further discovery. Everybody knows what a bank-note feels like. It was a bank-note that we had just touched. In another minute we had the screen slit up, and when the lining was pulled out it turned out to be nothing more nor lezz than a mai>B of bank notes of all valuer from £1 upwards. Whether this was the hidden treasure of Ling-Ho, I am unable to say. But I can positively assert that on that Boxing Day (it was morning by the time the fina! discovery was made) wo became the happy itossesflors of £1500, which we divided equally among ourselves. By the dividend we each thus received we were enabled to estab- lish our fortunes. It is some time since I saw Waiwarde and Farguson, but whenever wo meet we always recall that Christinas and the Shadow on the Screen. Such, reader, in simple words, is my story ; say it was a strange freak of fortune if you like, but improbable it is not, for still stranger things than even this hove happened. 