STRAY NOTES. Hill, a retired Capellmeister and, probably the oldest musician living, kept recently his 101st birthday. He was born at Thonbrunn, nearNeuberg, in Bohemia, and is still, despite his great age, hearty and vigorous, mentally and bodily. Among the working women of Paris, there are 1027 who earn their living as ballet dancers of the 'opera, receiving wages varying from £45 to £115 per annum. The annual sum paid for and to the ballets is considered to amount to £170,000. How to pronounce the name of the re- nowned historian who lately visited us was a puzzle to many, says 'AEgles' in the Australasian, In order to resolve the doubt a gentleman who had to propose a toast which involved naming the distinguished visitor, said beforehand'-" Pardon my asking you, what is correct, am I to call you Froodor Frowd?" "Well," was Mr. F.'s reply, "before I left England I could have solved that for you; but the other day, at a banquet, the Mayor of Sheep now publicly called me Fraud dr Mr. Chamberlain says : " It does not need a prophet to predict that in the course of the next half-century the Australian colonies will have attained a position in which no power will be strong enough to ignore them, that they will have a supreme authority in the Pacific Seas and for my part, I cannot look with any confidence on any settlement which may be made in those regions in defiance of their united opposition." The number of deaf mutes in the world is roughly calculated to be from 700,000 to 900,000, and of these 65 per cent, are said to be born deaf, the others losing their hearing by different accidents. The number of deaf mutes in Great Britian is probably about 20,000. To meet the educational wants of these there are on the face of the globe 397 institutions, containing 26,473 inmates of both sexes, and employing something over 2,000 teachers. Sixteen lovely harem ladies, belonging to the Sultan, have,- by his permission, sent their photographs, as a contribution to the Beauty Exhibition in Paris. It appears that the competitors need not all of them put in an appearance in the flesh, but that, under certain circumstances, ladies at any distance and of all nations, will be allowed to compete per photograph. Of course they will not be in Class I., nor on the same stall with the ladies who personally put in an appearance. The following is the text of the telegram received by Mr. Service from the Agent-General with regard to the Victorian offer of help for the war in the Soudan :-" The British Government highly appreciate the patriotic offer of Victoria, Adelaide, and Queensland, with respect to a force, but the long time before the embarkation will be possible will prevent their immediately accepting it. The Sydney contingent is ready to sail forthwith, and the other Governments will appreciate the difference, having regard to immediate use. If operations should be prolonged into autum, the Government will be very glad to consider the offerings MCKAY SMITH." Sir Henry Wrenfordsley, who left for Tasmanian lately to take the position of acting Chief Justice of that colony, was, prior to his departure, entertained at luncheon at Scott's Hotel. Several prominent colonists were present, including Mr. Service and other members of the Ministry. Sir A. Stephen was also one of the guests. The chair was occupied by Sir William Clarke. In responding to the toast of his health, Sir Henry Wren. ! fordsley said that he did not approve of the idea of a Federal Council sitting in London. That remark, which was repeated by a subsequent speaker, was well received. Mr. Service spoke in response to the toast of "' The Ministry. " He said that there had never been a time when Englishmen, no matter where they lived, ought to stand so determinedly shoulder to shoulder as now. Since he began to a study politics, England had never been in such peril. The steps recently taken in Australia with regard to the Soudan would strengthen the mother country in the eyes of the world. Echoing the language used in England, he said that the old country would never want assistance while Australia had a man, a ship, or a shilling. These remarks were enthusiastically applauded. Sir A. Stephen's health was likewise drunk. He stated, admidst much cheering, that the colonies were prepared to sink or swim with the mother country. While Sir Alfred was speaking, three ringing cheers were given for " Old England" at the call of Mr. Service. Few public men are so beloved of the common people as Mr. Gladstone is. At the Hawarden Flower Show of 1884 the Premier was seen arming about the castle ! grounds, where the Show is annually held, | a fat old carrier woman, whom he humorously introduced to the visitors as " Lady Margaret." This notable person- age, Margaret Hughes, the carrier woman, was at one of the feasts given in honour of Mr. W. H. Gladstone's marriage, and, as is usual at such gatherings, toasts were introduced. It fell to Margaret's lot to I propose the Premier's health. Springing | to her feet, she, in very homely, yet appropriate terms, made her proposition. ¡ Mr. Gladstone, responding, thanked them all for their good wishes, more especially " Lady Margaret, as he called her, the mention of which caused roars of laugh- ter. The title has clung to her from that day to this, and letters are often addressed to her bearing that title. On one occasion she said to the Premier, " Oh, sir, why don't you come and live with us always, where everybody thinks so much of | you, instead of going up to London and bothering yourself with those fellows who will never let you alone ? Why not settle down here in your beautiful house and enjoy yourself?" "Well," said Mr. Gladstone, "let me put you a question. Why should you not sell your horse and cart, and give up troubling yourself about ; this going to and from Chester?" "Eh, but," she answered, "that is my work, and I think if I gave it up I should die." ( And the other," said Mr. Gladstone, is my work, and I must do it the best way I can." A headless ghost has made its appearance near Ephrata, in Pennsylvania, where it excites considerable curiosity and alarm. There is no doubt whatever as to its being a veritable ghost. It was first seen by the Rev. Daniel Winter when re [ turning home one evening from the school- house in Manor township, where he had been preaching. Mr. Witness had gone but a short distance when he saw coming towards him what he supposed to be a man carrying a lantern. On the nearer a approach of the object he was, to use his own expression, almost paralyzed with a horror " to find that it was a moving body without a head. His terror was still further increased on seeing the head carried in one of the hands. " The fearful ob- ject," he says, " took its place by my side, and accompanied me to my very door. How I managed to retain consciousness j and reach home I don't know. It was the most fearful experience I ever had and I hope I may never have the like again." The reverend gentleman's statement is fully corroborated by two ladies and a Mr. Kaufman, who from a distance of about a hundred yards saw the ghost meet Mr. Winter and walk away with him, but were too appalled by the spectacle to interfere. The ghost has since been seen several times, and the nerves of the inhabitants of the district are describ | ed as being in a frightful state of tension. It is somewhat refreshing in these days of vulgar " spiritual manifestations " to hear of a good old-fashioned ghost without a head, of whose blood-curdling | qualifications there is no mistake. These I headless ghosts were once common enough in England (says. James's Gazette), ' but have of late years become almost extinct. Perhaps they have all gone to America. The Daily News, of January 6, men- tions that at a meeting of the Royal Geographical Society held the previous night, Major General Sir Henry Lefroy in the chair, Mr. John M. Cook, of " Cook's Tours " fame, gave an account of his proceedings in the Soudan. He said that at the commencement of the expedition they were met by the astonishing fact that nobody knew anything of the portion of the Nile to be traversed between Wady Haifa and Dongola. Having finished the difficult part of his work in connection with the campaign he decided to go himself to Dongola and see what the real obstacles to navigation were. As the result of his experience he had to say that although he had been travelling on the Nile for sixteen years, he had not had the remotest idea of the enormous difficulties that were before him. For a distance of 109 miles the river at the period of the expedition, was simply a I succession, not of small cataracts, but of five or six very serious cataracts and a constant series of rapids and rocks covered withJSile water, which, as Egyptian travellers would know, was extremely difficult to see through. It was in fact a succession of great difficulties, and in all in his experience of travelling and military movements nothing had pleased him more than to work day by day with their soldiers, and to see the cheerful and willing spirit in which they performed their duty. He referred especially to the Staffordshire Regiment, which was really the pioneer of the advance. As an instance of the difficulties to be encountered, he might mention that in one section seventy- nine miles in length the rise was no less than 450 feet. He himself travelled under the most favourable circumstances., his boat being only 24 feet long, 6 feet 6 inches beam, and drawing but 20 inches of water. Nevertheless, at five different points he had 170 men to pull him through the cataracts, and at one point he had 75 Dongolese men in addition. That would give them some idea what the troops with their whaleboats had to encounter. With all the hard work, however, there had hardly been a case of serious illness among the soldiers. The heat was excessive, the thermometer I registering 90 degrees in the shade during the day, and not less than 80 degrees at night ; but in spite of that the men continued well, the only sickness occurring during a protracted stay in camp. With regard to his own views as to the conduct of the expedition, he had at first expressed the opinion that the whalers were unnec sary, and also that the Egyptian boatmen would be equal to the task of navigation without employing the Canadian voyageurs He had, however, been obliged to modify that opinion, and he was now perfectly certain that two whalers could not have seven d' perused with, and that the Cauaiiaas 9,- their services had amply rep lid fu* c shoot b "laging them over the Atl mile. OF its return from Dongola j 1 his boat We - tawny a Canadian quite safely through all the cataracts and rapids; and to give an idea of the diffe- rence in the rate of, travelling, he might say that a distance of 75 miles, which had taken 13 days in ascending, was covered in 14 hours on the return journey. 