CHARITY. By particular roquost on tho part of many who heard it, wo publish an opitomo of tho sormon do livored in St. Virgilius' on Sunday ovoninc last, bv tho Rev. Father Vaughan : — 'Behold, wo go up to Jerusalem, and all things shall bo accomplished which wero uritton by tho prophots concerning tho Sou of Man. For ho shall bo mocked and scourged, and spit upon; and aftor they have scourgod him thoy will put him to death; and the third day ho shall riso again ' — Luko 18—31. My Dear Brethren,— It was uoar tho closo of his public lifo Our Lord spoko thoso words ; St. John tolls us, that Christ, after ho wrought that most stupendous miracle of raising Lazaras from tho dead, retired from public gaze bocauso of tho unbridlod onvy and malico of tho Jews, and withdrew to tho city of ?Lphraim near tho dosort* Thence ho dotcrminoJ to go up to Jorusalem to consummato tho work for which ho came on earth— to fulfil tho decreo of His Eternal Fathor by laying down his lifo for tho re demption of mankind. And taking his twelve chosen disciplos apart He said to thom : 'Behold wo go up to Jerusalem,' etc. Horo Christ fortolls His passion for tho third time. Ho would not havo His disciplos scandalized at Heoing thoir Lord and mastor treated as tho vilest and most degonorato of moil, nnd thoro foro ho wishes to mako thom arouaint-.nrl with tho circumstances of His passion and death, in ordor to confirm them in tho Faith whon thoy saw that ho died freely and voluntarily for tho lovo of guilty man. Olbalus quia ipse voluit. 'Ho was ofrored up because Ho himsolf willed it.' Suroly lovo could go no further. Christ says that 'greater lovo than this no man hath than that ho layoth down iiis life for his friend.'' Yet ho himself goes further and lays down Ins life ovon for his onomios : for St. Paul says : ' When as yot wo woro onemios, according to tlio time Christ died for us.' And again — ' Whon wo wero enemies wo woro reconciled to God by tho death of His Son.' Tho Son of God died for lovo of us, and what does he oxpeet from us in return ? Only that wo lovo Him. Should not our hearts thon bo a furnace of Charity, ovor burning with love for Christ, whose love for us had 110 bounds; and may wo not do well to-night to understand what this groat virtue is, . ^ ar0 tne marics wuoreby wo may know if we happily possess it. Charity is a divino virtuo, by which wo lovo God above all created things, for His own sake, and our neighbour as oursolvos for God's sake. It is a divine virtuo, for St John says : - Charity is God, nnd God is Chanty; and lie that abidoth in Charity abideth in God, nnd God m him '—1 Ep. 4-7. So thnt Charity unites us immediately with God. St. Poter calls it ? 'A being mado partaker of the Divine Nature'; and St. Paul says ; ' The Charity of God is poured abroad in our hearts by tho Holy Ghost, who is given to us.' —Horn. God will havo no rival in our lovo. If wo love him wo must do so, with our wholo heart, for 'if any man love tho world f.ho „e .i.„ is not in him. And as God loves all with an ever lasting love, if wo wish to lovo God perfectlv wo must lovo all that Ho loves; for says St. John ; 'If God had so loved us wo also ought to love ono another. . . If wo love one nnother, God abideth in us, and his Charity is perfected in us. . . And this commnnd we havo from God, that ho who loveth God, loveth also his brother.'— 1--1 ] . Indeed it could only seem prosumptious on our part to aspire to such a ' love of friendship ' with God; did not Christ encourage it, saying: 'If any ono lovo mo, ray Father will love him, and wo will come to him, and will make our abode with him. 14-23. And wo know from Revolutions that our Redeemer is mostdosirouB of this friendship with our soul : ' Bohold I stand at the gato and knock; if any man shall hear my voico and opon to mo tho door, I will como into him, and will sup \vith lnm, and ho with me.' — Rom 3-^0 God oves us and from tho vory laws of nature wo should lovo bod God fashioned man from tho slime of the earth, and breathed into tho animal a Rational soul, which ho created to his own imago and likeness. Man was accordingly ondowed with tho fncultios of knowing and loving God, and was at the same time l? i ' -so that ho nmy or may not ?.? ' ,n£ w'lat Ho is, could not ® 60' without enjoining on him at tho same time to lovo and sorvo his Creator. Honee aro wo ob hged, as soon as wo know God, to lovo him, as our hrst beginning and 'last ond.' This is the only thing tho creature cun do worthy of thogroat Creator. 4' '^.wo l°ve not God, all our noble facultios nnd tho actions proceeding from them, aro usoloss horo as moans to attain 'our last ond,' and worso than useless horeafter. It is this ' truth' tho Holy Ghost impresses on us in the words of St. Paul, road in this day s epistlo: IfX speak with tho tongues of men and angels, and have not Charity; I am become as sounding bmss or a tinkling cymbal. And if I should ha\o prophesy, and should know all mysteries, and all knowledgo, nnd if I should havo all Faith so tlmt I ™'! ; mountains, and havo not charity, I am nothing. And if I should distributo all my goods to feed the poor, aud if I should deliver my body to bo burned, and have not charity, it profitoth mo nothing.' , ; XI!. 'J- Horo you see that without Charity our best actions aro only as tho listless breoze, that agitatos tho loaves in passing, and thon bccomos as if i t did not exist. Thoy profit us nothing. They in jure us much. Bottor far for us that tho actions woro novor performed, which in their placing did not tond to the honor and glory of God, or woro not dic tated by motivos of Charity. Christ has said that not oven an 'idle wokI' shall bo let pass without rendonng for it a strict account on thoLaBt Day.' actions! 1)8 tho serutiEy passod upon our And abstracting from tho obligations of tho laws of nature, our own misory and wretchedness ought to show usjtho voty great necessity wo havo for loving bod. It is impossiblo to lovo and to hato God at tho samo timo; ' for ho who is not with mo is against mo,' says Christ. Wo woro God's enomios boforo Baptism, and wo become his onomios again, also, as soon as we tail into 'Mortal Sin.' Tho romissiou of mortal sin is nothing else than tho pouring down of divino charity into our souls. But that this may be dono, it is absolutely necessary that tlio sinnor should turn from sin and its affections, and turn to God with his whole hoart. This is loving God ; this is charity. Thoroforo you see that charity is absolutely necossarv for all who hnvo mortally offondod God, and is thore amongst us ono who in his past lifo has not offondod his Redopmor in ' thought, word, or act ' ? For us souls 'ty is n0C03sftry w° wish tosavo our But wo mustnoeds go further; God has positively commanded us to lovo him, and to do so, not only with all our powers but with tho wholo of each powor. lhe first command to this effect is found in Dou touronomy (vi-4)in thoso words : 'Hoar O Israel, tlio Lord our God is ono God. Thou shalt love tho Lord thy God with thy wholo heart and with thy wholo soul, and with thy whole strongth. And these words which I command thee this day shall bo in thy heart and thou shalt toll thom to thy clnldron, and thou slmlt mcditato upon thom sitting in thy houso, and walking on thy journoy, slooping and rising, and thou shalt bind them as a sign on thy liaud, and thoy shall bo and movo botwoon thine oyos; and thou shalt writo them down ou tho ontry and oil tlio doors of thy liouso. Of such paramount nocossity my brethren !? J;1'8 f.r?at virtue of charity ! Our Saviour con^ lirmod this command in tho Gospels, adding that wo should also love God with our 'wholo mind!' and declared : ' This is tho greatost and tho ilrat commandmont, and tho socond is liko unto this : thou shalt lovo thy noighbour as tliysolf.' But ov^n if tho laws of naturo had uot domandod it; if tho romissiou ot sm did not roquiro it; it God had not ordained it; charity would bo still most lovoablo and a thing to bo dosirod, on account of tho immonso spiritual wealth accruing from it to its possossor. Charity suporHaturalizos all our actions, and rondors tlio loast ot thom meritorious in tho sight ot God. 'A cup of cold wator givon in Christ's namo cannot go without its roward.' Tho porson in whoso hoait charity reigns finds 110 difficulty 111 doing all for God. Ho is promptod to do moro than I10 can do, for lovo thinks of nothing but hosv to plouso tho bolovod. It, says Solomou : ' A man should givo all tho sub stance of his houso for lovo, he shall (lo^piso it as nothing.' It was charity promptod all tho baints to do so much for God. and to bocomo lools for Christ's sake. It was charity promptod the Martyrs to lay down thoir livos in tostimony of thoir lovo for Christ. Honso is vorifiod tho saying in the Canticlos, 'lovo is strong as death.' Tho charitablo mau finds no diffi culty in keeping tlio commandmonts of God. IIo loars very much lost in an uuguardod moment ho should ofiend Him whom ho loves; so that, with such a ono ' to lovo' and 'to oboy,' moan tho samo thing. Christ sooms to look on this obcdionco as tho mani- - fostation of porfoet charity. Ho says : 'Ho that hath my commands and koopetii thom, I10, it is that loveth mo.' 'If auy mau lovo 1110 ho will koop I my words.' ' Ho that lovoth mo not koopoth not iny word.' Aud St. John says : 'Ho that koopoth Hi* * ord, in him in vory dood tho charity of God is por foctod; for this is charity that wo koop His commands, and his commands aro not heavy.' Tho Rodoomor has said so. 'Aly yokois swootand my burdeu is light.' Nouo suroly ovor had such a lovo for GoJ as Christ had for his Eternal Fathor, and' how did I10 show it : ' I came down from Heaven,' Ho says, ' not to do my own will but the will of Him that sont mo.' ' I seek not my own will but tho will of Him that sont mo.' 'My moat is to do tlio will of Him that sont 1110, and that 1 may porfoet His work.' 'I do always tho things that ploaso him.' And so will you, if so it bo, that charity dwells in you. Persons actuated by motivos of charity do 011 earth what angola do in lio-ivon. Thoy lovo God abovo ail things for His own sako, they do everything for the houor and glory of God whom thoy lovo so much, and this lovo is over 011 tho increase for tho charity of God is intiuite. O, what is more do&irablo; tiiau to load augolic livos 011 eartli by loving our dear Rodoomor as ilo dosiros wo should do. Tho oxcollonco of charity is likowiso seen from its ' porpotuity.' It will last for over. It is tho only one of tho Tlioological virtuo* podsonsing this charac teristic — honce, indood, ovon if not otherwiso, its greater oxcollonco, u Faith is tho substance of things to bo hoped for, tlio evidonco of things that appear not.' 'What a man sooth not why doth I10 hope for.' But in tho noxt life Faith will cease, for thon wo shall sco Godintuitivolyas Hois, bocauso tho brilliant light ot Glory will bo upon all things, and Faith will bo oxchangod for Visiou. ' We soo now as through a glass in a dark manner, but thon faco to faco.'' ilopo is tlio pationt expectation of happiness in tho life to como. Wo cannot hope for what wo already possoss for Hope aud Fruition aro porfoctly incorruptible. In the noxtlifo tho jnstshall oujoy God aud all perfoc tious in Him, and thon Hopo shall bo exchanged for Fruition. Rut 'Charity never falloth away.' It is only in the noxt lifo that Charity will bo freely per fected when the reciprocal lovo botweeu God and His oloct will bo confirmed, aud tho just put in possession of thoir only 'Real Good' for all eternity. But, you may say Charity is an excellent virtuo, aud vory desirable, but how cau wo kuow if wo happily possess it, St. Paul gives also the marks whereby you may know it. Ho says : ' Charity is patient, is kind, Charity onvieth not, doaleth not perversely : is not puifod up, is not ambitious, seeketh not hor own, is not provokod to anger, thinketh no ovil, rojoicoth not in inoquity, but rojoicoth iu tho truth : beareth all things, bolieveth all things, hopetli all things, en durech all things,'' These aro the actions of a truly charitablo man. Ho doos not seek rovonge, but, as Christ, pardons tho offenco. Ho does not ily iuto a passion at evory littlo thiug dono to him, nor envy his neighbor if God has bostowod upon him superior, faculties, or if he is happior or placed in a bettor position in this life. Charity dictates not to rejoice At the misfortunes of other*, but rathor to be sorry for thom, and to rojoico at thoir succoss. When per sons sit in judgment on their neighbor's characterand tear to shreds his good name; when people soom to havo no othor topic for conversation but the darkest spots thoy can find or imagino in thoir follow boing, lotting that untamoable beast, tho tongue, cull scan dals froely, as if commandod by God to do so, and thoso deadly to tho soul as frost to tlowors, it will not be surprising if thoso self constituted iudrros should find the 'curse of old' their only inheritance, and tho slanderer's portion the only draught availablo to cool their burn ing tongues. There are vory few who can continually interost themselves in othor person's affairs without neglecting thoir own. This negloct is most frequently apparont in the littlo onos of Christ. Would not I thoso in charge of childrou, houses, or any worldly concern, do bottor if they would kindly take tho beam out of their own eyo boforo troubling themselvos so vory much about tho moat in thoir neighbor's ? It is only then tho Redeemer's Blood will bring forth in thom fruit unto justification; it is only then that Charity will bocomo tho source of thoir joy and not tho causo of their sorrow, and that Christ's humilia tions, stripos, and death, will redound to thoir houor, glory, and supernatural life. 