— — -V' — — TALIS AND SKETCHES. FOR SELF OR BEARER." BY WALTER BE3ANT. Chapter I. — Os a Verse op Vraoni. Wlica Virgil represented the souls of infants is lying all together in a world cold and com fortless outside the gates of Tartarus — why not outside the gates of tho Elysinu fields where' tho air is. finer and the tempo raturo moro moderato ? — he certainly had in his iniud tho. Homna hospital - for children (tlio: rums of which inny still be seen). On Monut. Avon- tine, close to the anciont Porta Naval, is. where the populutdon- was thickost, 'the, houses tallest, the streets narrowest, ' the street cries loudest, the rumbling of the carts noisiest, tho smell of onions, oil and vinegar tho most profound, tho retail of tunny fish on the largest scale, . and where the population consisted wholly of porters, sailors, riverside men, gladiators and loafers. ' It was a very good hospital, tho wards' were spacious and lofty, there was a garden where vegetables, flowers and fruit were, grown, and there was always plenty of fresh air ; tho provisions .were abundant. Tho sisters who nursed tho children were mostly young, and- generally therefore pretty. They dressed in white, simply but gracefully, in res- pectful imitation of tho Vestal Virgins ; it -was their custom to speak with admiration of the Celibate Life, though the young doctors and clerical clerks always fell in love with them and they sometimes wont away and left their hospital children to be married. Then, in due course; ' they were able to set up a little 'children's hospital of their own at home. The senior- physicians were grave and reveroud per sons who knew to tho tenth part of a drachm how much powder of Kittiwake's brains would cure infantine colic and how snail broth should be infused with a certain herb found only on tho Campagna in order -to subdue a quartan fever or ague. Tho younger doctors wcro zealous and active, too fond, perhaps, of trying experiments, but devoted to science and always ou the ' look out for new specifics. It was a great school of medicine, and the students were notorious in tho quarter for their singing, drinking, dancing, gambling, fighting, love- making, tavern haunting, street brawling, raffling, roystering, fanfaronade and gaillur- dise. Yet, with all those advantages, tho Romans did not understand qui to so well as we of a later, and, in many respects degenerate, ago how to keep the little fluttering spark of life in existence; nor were they so skilful in reading the signs of disease, nor had they so many appliances at baud for relieving the little sufferers. There fore there was in the old Roman hospital a con tinual wailing of tho children. Now, had Virgil visited tho Children's Hos pital at Shadwell, which was founded unfortu nately after his time, he would have rewritten thoso lines. Ho would havo represented tho souls of these innocents lying all in rows, side by side, in comfortable cots, enjoying a mild air with no draughts, aud tho services of sisters always present with thomiomotors to rogulnto the temperature, and anendless supply of bottles aud milk, Tlio infant souls would bo perfectly happy, just as tboy are at Shadwoll j thoro would bo 110 wailing at all ; sometimes thoy would sleep .for four and twenty hours on oud ; sometimes thoy would ho sucking thoir thumbs : sometimes they would bo sucking tlio bottle ; at otber times tboy would be kicking fat and lusty logs; or tboy would bo propped up by pillows, look ing straight before thorn with tlio iudifforonco absolute to outsido things, and tho perfect self absorption, possibo only, to infants, mathema ticians aud fukeors, their eyos full of tho calm, philanthropic wisdom which belongs peculiarly Published by special arrangement with tho author. All rights reserved. ' to their timo of lifo. Ono considers this wisdom, with mingled pity and envy. Is it a memory or an anticipation ? Does it belong to tlio past or to the future ? Is the child remembering the mysterious and unknown past before tbo soul entered the body ? Or doos it tliiuk of what is to come when tho earthly pilgrimage is finished ? There is a theory tlint one is born wise, but that owing to some fault in tho nursing ono forgets nil the wisdom in tho first year, aud only re covers n fow fragments afterwards. Now, whether tboy are sleeping or waking, tbo. souls of the infants are, ono is perfectly convinced, always happy, and always waited on by certain polo faced boautiful creatures dressed in long whito aprons and whito caps, with grnvo and thoughtful faces, who have 110 independent oxistcnco of thoir own, nor any thoughts, hopes, desires or ambitions, bnt are contented to minister for cvorto baby, mystic and wonderful. Ono is sorry that Virgil never had a chance of seeing the Shadwoll hospital, not only becatiso ho would bavo written certain lines dif-- feroutly; but becnuso tbo-placo would certainly havo inspired him with a line at least of -illus tration or comparison. Tlicro are babies in it by tbo score, and every baby is given to under stand on entering tbo. establishment that ho is not to cry ; that ho will not, in fact, want to, cry, bocftuso all his necessities will- bo autici- pated and all his pains removed. At homo ho has -boon told tbe:samo thing bnt has never quite believed it, which is tho reason why ho has so ofton sent liis father off to work with a; hcadacho worso than tho Suuday. morning skull splitter— reminiscence of a thirsty night ; and why, every morning he reduces his mother to the similitude of a thread paper and keops the. whole court awako and becomes a terror to tho High-street outsido tho court. Uoro he cries no longer, and gives no one a headache, but is considerate and good tempered and contented. Tho babies are ranged along the sides of tbo room iu cots, but somo aro laid iu cradles be fore the opon fireplace, aud some nro placed ou top of the stovo, like a French dish laid to stow in a Bain-marie, and somo have spray playing upon their faces and down their throats j somo ore sleeping, somo are sncking tbe bottle, and some aro lying broad awako, their grave eyes staring straight before them, as if nothing that goes on outsido tbo crib can be of the least In terest. Hero and there sits a -mother, her child in her lap.; but thoro aro not many mothers present ; and about tho ward all day aud all night perpotually liovors tho sister, .When one first visits this room there happens a curious, dimness to tho eyes and a choking, at tho throat for thinking of tho innocents suffering for tho sins of their fathers and tlio ignorance of their mothers ; presently this feeling passes away, bo- cause ono perceives that thoy do not suffer, aud. ono rcinenibors how gooil.it must-bo for them to be in sucli a room with pure air, neither too hot nor too cold, with tho sister's careful bauds to nurse -them,.- aud, for the first timo.iu thoir young lives, a holy oalm around thorn. To tho elder children, in the Wards abovo, tho quiet, the "gcutlu ways, tlio tender hands aud the kindly words are full of lessons which thoy will never forget. Why not for the infants too ? Then ono may fall to considering tlio manner of lifo led by sisters anil nurses in hospitals;' how thoy oau havo no private interests or any thing of their own to think about — wo cannot; imagine a sistor worried about investments, for iastuuco, or anxious for a risoiu her. salary; ; wc cannot imagino her wanting to sccuro auotlicr hour of tho day for sloop or f or reading or for exorciso/j we cannot think .of her as considering tho fashion of her dress or her hair, though as, Gressct-lias taught us coacorniug ntius, —In the simple part - Of veils ami bauds thcrc.llcs ail art; For Hint light throne of frivolous Imps Who scale o'er walls anil creep thro' bars Can give to stlffcst veils and gimps A graco tluit satin never wears. ; Whatever joy tlio sister life contains, it lights up tho face with a tlivino sweetness the like, of which can nover full upon us solfish sinners who are always fighting for ourselves and grabbing for money wherewith to satiate and satisfy our iuordinata appotitcs. If thoy were to change thoir work and to go into tho world and fight for monoy with tho mon, or, in plcasauler femiuiuo fashion, cujoy and spcud tho plunder that men bring away from tho daily fight, that light of sweetness would straightway vanish and ho no 'more soon. There are somo who hold that without self sacrifico there is uo salvation— but this is a linrd saying and makes ono go away exceeding sorrowful ; and aRer all it is more coinfortablo to remain with tho majority. The sister iii this ward woro a grey woollen dress with a whito dress apron which covered tho whole front of her dress, a "bib nprou," a whito collar and a white cap . and no cuffs, becauso cuffs interfere with turning up tlio sleevos. Sho was young but gravo of faco with sweet solemn eyes and yet a quickly moved moutli which looked as if it could laugh on small provocation, were it not that her occupa tion inada laughing almost impossible— for babies have no sense of liunior. llcr namo, in tho world, was Calista Cronan, and slio was Iho daughter of Dr. Hyacinth Cronan, of Camdou Town. As for her ago, she was twenty-two, and as for hor figure, her stature, her beauty, and her crmce. that, dearroador, matters nothing to you because bUo is the next thing to a uuu, and wo all know that a nun's charms must never ho talkod about. It was ft Sunday morning — a moriiing in early June— when outsido there was a divino silence and ovon tho noisy highway of tho Thames was almost quiet. The sistor was loitering roaud tho crib3 in hor ward, all tho babies having been looked after, washed, put into clean things and made coinfortablo for tho morning. Two or threo mothers, but not many, because tllero aro household duties for tho Sunday morn ing were sitting with thoir own babios in their UpS, a thing which in no way interferes with Sistor Oalisla's cotliolio and Untvorsal sistor- hood, Everything in tho ward was as it ' shonld'be, tho tomperaturo oxaotly right, tho vontilstion perfect, tho cases satisfactory. Presently tlio door opened and n yonug man came in. As lio carriod no lint aud began to walk about tho cribs and cradles as if thoy bolongcd to Uiiu aiul as tlio sister went to meet him and talkod earnestly with him ovor caoli baby, and ns he had an air of business and duty it is fair to suppose that this young goutle- umn was connected with the medical staff. Ho was, in fact, tho rcsidont medical officer, and liis nanus was Hugh Aquila. Mr. Hugh Aquila had passed through his hospital courso ami takcu his medical degrees with as.mucli credit as is possiblo lor anyyouug man of his ago. Merely to belong to tlio pro fusion should havo boon happiness enough for :liini, who had dreamed nil his life of medical science as tho one thing of all things worthy of .a man's intellect and ambition. There arc, iu fact, other things equally worthy, but as Hugh .was going to ho Medicinal Doctor, it was good forliim to : believe, whileho was young, that there was nothing else. So tho limner believes that there is nothing to worship and follow but his kind- of art; .and the - physicist considers himself as tho professor of tho One Thing Noblo and Nocossacy. Tho fates aro nu-, equal aud ono innu's cup brims over while another's is empty. To this fortuuato young man lovo had boon given as well as tho pro fession which ho dosircd, and a measure of success and reputation — love, which so often is kopt by Fortune for cousolalion cup awl bestowed upon those who liave lost tlio race and boon overthrown aud tramplod ou iu tho aroua, and have got uoitker laurels nor praise nor any wreath of victory nor any golden apples. Yot this young fellow hail actually and already obtained tho gift of love — although ho was as yet no more than fivc-and-twenty — iu addition to his other gifts, graces aud prizes. Perhaps it does not seem a very groat thing to bo resident medical officer iu a children's hos pital. But if you happon to ho a young man wholly devoted to your profession, and if you aro already iu good roputo with your seniors, and if you have faith in yourself aud a firm holiof in your own powers, and further, if yon- see groat possibilities in the position for study and increase of knowledge, then you will under stand that to bo resident medical officer in the Children's Hospital, Chadwoll, may bo a very great thing indeed. When this resident medical officer lind com pleted his round qud fiuished the work which has every day to ho boguu again ho stood lor a imomcnt at a window loolaug out into tho street below. It hod-heon raining and tho pavements were wet, but tho sun was bright again aud there were light clouds chasing across the sky ; within aud without everything was very quiet. In the week there woro noises all around thorn, tho noiso of steamers on the river, tho noise of work in the Loudon docks, tho murmurs of tlio multitudes in High-strcot, Brook-street, Cable-; street and St. George's in tho East. But to-day was Sunday morning andovorything was poaco fnl. Tlio oyos of-tho young man. however, as ho stood at .tho wiudow, were looking a long way beyond the street. "Yon look Bred, Hugh," said the sistor, watching him. " Were you kopt up last might?" " Oh, sitting up — it is a pnrt of the work," he replied carelessly. " But I am rather tired, Calista, Think what ; it would ho ou such a day as ithis to bo up .tlio river " — oven a young .resident medical may sometimes suffer his thoughts to roam>in tlio direction o i itUesse — "ou sncli aday up tho river with you and— Norah" — his voice dropped a little ns is tho : habit with young men' who have a foolish fond ness for a , namo— " faking shelter under a .willow or -even under an umbrella .in the ishowers. and paddling down stream amoug tlio water lilies nnd the lilacs and laburnums when the sun was out(aud being chivied by the swans." It would bo too dolightful, Hugh. Think of tho shadows flying over tlio water and tlio clouds chasing each other in tho sky," Calista replied. Such holidays coino rarely to sisters m a hospital. Tlio babies who were awake heard this. sentiment with amazemont. Dolightlul? Could anything bo dolightful away lrom iho ward? Was there happiness anywhere in tlio world excopt among cots and cribs? Wluitwas tlio world oxccpt a collection of cots aud cribs ? Thoso two woro not brother and sistor ; they were not oven cousius, nor hud they known each other from infauoy. Yet thoy addressed each other by their Christian names, To bo sure, Calista was, professionally, tho universal sister ; but Hugh was cortaiuly not tho uni versal brother. This singularity might have given riso to surmise and gossip iu tho ward hut for the fact that tho babies took no more uotico of it than if it lind nover occurred at all — which is a way with babios. The sister was plain sistor to all the world, and therefore to Hugh Aquila she was sistor as well ; hut with a difference, for to him slio was sister with a small initial ever siuca ho had entered into a solcinu undertaking and promise, with tho sacrament of vows and kisses, to luarry, after tlio manner of the world, his sistor Norah Cronan, at that timo private secretary to Mr. Mnrridgo, of Finsbury Circus. All mankind wero Celista's brothers and yet slio only callod ono or two of them by their chris tian names. Ono of them was Hugh, her sister's Jianaf, tho other was a young gentle man who at that moment was actually ontcring tho great doors of tho hospital aud making iu tho direction of tho resident medical's private room. Hugh Aquila, M.D. and L.R.C.P., was a strong well built young man, with big limbs and a largo and capablo head ; a head which had been endowed with an amplo cheek a rea sonable forehead, a firm mouth and cliiu, steady oyes 60t under clear cut oyobrows and a uoso broad, straight and long. This is rather an unusual noso. The nose which is broad and short is tho humorous noso, hut it gcncrally argues a want of dignity; that which is nar row and long may belong to a most dignified person, but ho is too often unsympathetic ; that which is both short and narrow 6hows a lack of everything dosirablo in man. Sinco Hugh Aquila's noso was both broad and long he could laugh aud cry over other people's acci dents and misfortunes, that is to say ho possessed sympathy, which Is almost as valuablo a quality for a young doctor as for a novelist. Such a young man, ono is sure at tho very out set, will cortaiuly make a good fight and win a place somewhere weU to the front, if not in the very front and foremost rank. It is not granted to every man to become commander-in-chief ; : there are a great many men, very good men indoed, who miss that supremacy, yet leavo be hind them a good record for courage, persever ance nnd tenacity, Happy is tlio woman who is lovecl by such a mau I To add ono more Retail, Hugh had big bauds hut his fingers were delicato as well as strong. This was porhaps because he was skilled in auntoniy aud. already a sure baud iu operations. . i Oh, Hugh," said the sister. .It lind been Mr. Aquiln until a day or two before tliis. "Oh, Hugh, I havo had no opportunity of -telling, you before how glad and happy I am for Norah's sake." ' "Thank you, Calista," ho replied simply, taking her hand, "ovcrybody is very kind to me. And it is so much tlio better that wo spoke and settled matters before this wonderful succession." " Yes, I think it is. Though the succession ought not to make any difference. Tell mo, Hugh, is it long since you began to think of it ? She meant his lovo making, not tlio suc cession. " I li&vo; beeu bore for nearly twelvo months. I had been hero a week when first I saw Norah in the ward, I bogan to think of it, n3 you say, that is, to think of lior, thoro anil then— my beautiful Norah. She is like you, Calista, aud yet unlike. Slio is ns good as you are, hut iu another way. She belongs to tho world, nnd you — " " To my babies," said Calista smiling. " I should havo put it differently. Strange and wonderful it is, Calista, that such a girl as Norah should be able to love such a man as — " "No, Hugh, That must not even bo thought. Norah is a happy girl to wiu your lovo. I suppose it is good that you should think your mistress an angel because it makes tier better. Remember what she thinks of you — hor strong and bravo and clever lover— aud do not be too humble. Did you soe licryester-: day ?" "Yes. In tho evening I found timo for Camden Town and hid supper with her lady ship." Strange to say they both smiled, and than their faces hroadenod, .and thoy laughed. Did you ever, see a sister in a hospital laugh ? ' Slio smiles often. Sho smiles when . tho patients thank lior .and "kiss lier hand; when they get lightheaded aud talk nonsense; when thoy grumblo nnd groan; whoa thoy be come good, and promise to remain patient and , steadfast, clothed iu tho. armor of rightcous- .noss ; or-whon thoy go away cured, nnu strong again aud effusive in thanks; or when ihoy , ,como hack, again for the tenth timo — for there are some, known as hospital birds, who spend as rnnch' of their lives as thoy possibly cau .iu , those comfortable wards. But no ono ever saw a sister .laagh except Hugh. To ho sure Calista was Irish ou her father's side, and everything has boon until late years, allowed to the Irish, except to be serious. But this sister .actually laughed ; and the effect on tho want was as iucongruous as if a cardinal should dauce a Jiornpipo, or.a bishop perform a break down. Seme of tlio babie3 felt it like a note out of harmony and began tho . preliminary cough which, as every p'crc de famille remem bers, .heralds tho midnight bawl and the pro menade about the bedroom. Calista. perhaps received tho cough as a warning ; -the. laugh dill not occur again, and, -besides, to so swoot a sister ovorything must bo allowed, .Therefore iho cough was not repeated and nouo of .the babies bogan.to cry. . " His lordship was present," Hugh repeated.- " Wo'had a pipe together, Ho sat in his robes and his coronet, of coarse, which bocomo him oxtroincly, especially when ho has his pipe, in his noblo" lips. Yot I doubt if he is happier. .His faco expressed some anxiety, as if he was uncertain about his foot on those dizzy heights, and would liko to come down ngainand he a coin- imonor onco moro. Porhaps lio 'thinks that if a revolution comes, and beheading begins, vis counts will havo an early turn." " Poor dear father 1" " The brass plate remains on tho.door un changed— plain H. Cronan, M.D., and there is the red lamp with tho night bell as usual.: Tho hoy, I believe, runs about with the basket aud tho bottles as before— the modiciues -are. stiff; mndo up by liis lordship's illustrions fiugors,'.' aud ho remains what tho pcoplo uufcbliugly call a common walker,, without ov.on a carriago on wliioh to paint his coronet." " Oh I It seems too absurd if that is all that is to como of it." "Her ladyship woro her court dross— tho black silk one— you know it." » I kuow it. But Hugh, don't laugh. It is- a very trying thing for her." " I am not laughing at hor, Calista. She: informed mo nftor supper that differences . of i rank must be respected, and that auy matrimo- nial engagements made before tho Succession, would hare to he reconsidered." "Oh I Hugh." "Uncle Joseph chimed iu hero. I suppose it wiis lio who started tho thoory — doar old man! lie 6aid that of courso his lordship's daughters wero uow entitled to look forward to tho "most desirable alliances possihlo. They would naturally marry in their own rank, which lias so long boon kept concealod from them. Right minded young men, ho went oq, would not require to ho reminded of a tiling so obrions He is, indeed, a delightful old man." " What did Norah say ?" " Sho looked at lior father, who laughed. As for rao I made a little speech. I said that Norah and I were abovo all things desirous of pleasing our parents — which is quite true, isn't (t ? so long as our parents are reasonable and try to ploaso us. But marriago is a thing, I added, which is so curiously personal in its nature that the most filial sons ami daughters aro hound to consider themselves first. There fore, I said, Norah aud I intend to continuo oat engagement and to completo it as soon ns wa possibly can, even if wc have to trainplo on all the distinctions of rank." . Calista sighod. "I wish this dreadful title had never come." , " So do I. A white elephant wonlil have been much more useful. Ono might nt least kill him and dissect him, and put his houos togothor in the hack gardon. 1 should liko tq have a white elephaut. Bnt what can be done with n peerage, when yon iucome remains the same aud you have to go on dispensing your own medicines ?" ' " Bnt is thoro nothing at all ? It must be as extraordinary peerage." . '! There is nothing, your father tells me." : " Then I am sure the best thing to do ivifi be to make no difference at all and to go on iu if nothing had happened. What does Daffodil say?" " Tic iukes it pleasantly, after his manner, and. laughs at it. In fact no ono would take ii soriously'if it wcro not lor Uncle Joseph whe kas.got a fixed idea, which ho lias communi cated to your mother, that every titlo ii accompanied by a princely fortnuo." It appear! that at tho hospital thoro is some excitement over the event. Tho students haTcn't had an honorable at the hospital for a long time, and thoy naturally desire to make as much as they oau of tho title. So thoy havo raised his , rank and ho is now Baron Daffodil, Viscount Daffo dil and Earl Daffodil, and while we wcro taking our. cold mutton aud pickles a post card came for liim addressed to the Right Honorable and Right Reverend liis Grace the Dnko of Daffo dil." " And what does rour own mother sar,- Hugh ' "She says everything that is kind, and something that is surprising." And then tho young man began talking about himself nud of the time, uot for distant, when he would buy a .practice or set up for liimself and start that partnership with Norah and combine tho serious work of a physieiaii with love making, which should be n black berry jam lo dry bread, or Soyor's sauce to cold mutton, aud should turn the gloomy doctor's house — presumably iu old Burlington- street or Seville Row, into a palace of enchant ment: Calista was a good listener, and she heard it all with answering smile and sympa thetic oyes, aud the voting man in liis "selfish happiness accepted sympathy and interest iu his fortunes as if thoy were'thingsdueto him. Everybody used Calista in this fashion. But tho babios watchiug this long talk grew suspicious. Tlicy wore neglected. This young gentlemau whom tlioy know, because "twice evory.ilay ho beat over their cribs, was not a baby; Why did iho sister- wasto her time upon: hitn ? So rapidly grow their uneasiness that they .first began with .the cough prelimin ary already alluded to,; and thou with ono accord burst into that wailiug . which was familiar to Virgil from his acquaintance with the hospital near tho Porta Navulis. \- It was just what you would expect of a man that at such a juncture ha should moauly raa away and. leave the babies to be wrestled with by. the sister. Of courso Hugh did this. . |t Ho -went to liis privato; room, a snuggery whither tho babies could -not: follow him nnd where ho proposed to.spead the short remainder of. the morning in his easy ciuiir with a book in his hand. It -would assist meditation on the viiine3 nud graces of a certain young lody. Ht did uot immediately carry out this iutontiou be cause there was a visitor occnpying tho one caiy.clmir in tho room, \- " Why Diok," said Hugh, "I did uotoxpect toiscd.you hero to-day." \ .' TTheivisitor was a young mau dhout.lils ovn ageM.' When Hagh opened the door lie .wm sitting'with his head beat and ;his -faco sot ii dce'pgloom. But hchastoucd.to:pnt on a smilo.; rather a weak nud a wateryisniilc. q .: "I- had nothing .to do -this, -morning and se I — I thought I would takoi tho omnibus to thi bank and than I walked on." .' : <1 Are you como to congratulate mc, Dick?'-", " No, I'm not. Daft told mo about .thi engagement. I supposo you know you've.cul liie out.. Did sho tell, yo'n- Uow. sho'd refusoi inc." \- - " No, 'I havo hot -talkod.with her about pro vious aspirants." : .'if, Yes,. I asked her ; to marry, me. Half « dozen times I asked. Aud. slio refused. That's nil. r / Well, ' I'll congratulate : you St : /you liko, .But I ought to.haro been told by soino of tlieni that ynu wore in tho field. I don't likt being; kept in tlio dark." ., .' t-M' There has boon no keeping in tlio dark hcciiue I only ;eaino into tho field, ns yon - cat it,,fonr days ago." i '.':Well — " Dick looked as if a doubt, juigh be raised as to this assertion,- ' 1 When nro yoi going to get married ?," : " I'don't know. Perhaps wo may havo t« wait some time. I must find out first, whatmj mother, will he ablo to do for me. I haven't' Eeen her yot since our engagement nud I don'i know, how sho will' like Noruli. ; What is > thi mat'tor Dick? You look -pretty bad .thi; morning. If you weren't snchn steady -filo 1 should say you had hoeu drinking and, keeping lata hours." . ./.; '.-V Dick Murridg'e was at most times a young mau of gloomy and. sombre -aspect . -At this nument, lio looked as if sunshine could liavo.no placo'in his countenance nt till his face was palo-oud his hair black aud .straight ; his oyes were black- aud set hack in his head; ho had a short moustacho ; .liis mouth was set and hard ; lie uovev laughed except iu tho primitive and primeval manner of laughing, namely, when anybody suffered some grievous misfortune or when he- was able to rny a very disagreeable thing. His chiii was square and hard. Ho was dressed quietly, oven for his age, with almost ostentatious quietness, in a frock coat buttoned closely, dark trousers and tell liat, something like the good young mon. who, on Sundsy1 morning ma j bo met, a book in bis band wrapped in a white handkerchief, on his way to early Sunday School. Ho did not carry a book, bnt thero was about him something which pro claimed a contempt for mashers. Barmaids and ballet girls would feel quite safe, nud therefore happy with a youug man who dressed in this fashion. 'You arc such a staid nnd serious character," Continued tho rosident, "that it can't he drink and lato hours. Got no pain anywhere have jtou ? Is it somo worry ?" " What should I be worried about, I should llko to know," ho replied almost savagely. " Can't say Dick. Shortness of temper per haps. It is liko shortness of breath, difficult to euro but it can bo alleviated. Arc you going to stay nnd have some early dinner with me?" "No, I must go homo. My father expects mo at half past ono. Suuday dinner at home is ks cheerful.as a meal in a sepulchre among the bones But I must go. How does Norah liko tho grand succession nnd the fnmily honors ?" " Oh ! it will not inako tho least difference to ns." " There isn't any money with the title I hear; jbut it ought to help a man in your profession for his wife to have a liandlo to licr name even tf it's only an honorable. I'd make it help mo I know, if I was a physician. I'd get nioney out of it somehow. Title? What's a title without an income? But if I had the title I'd " soon got the income." f "I believe yon would, Dick," Hugh replied juietly. . These two young men had been at school to gether. Of tho old school days there remained fho uso of the Christian name. When they Were quite young they may have had the same thoughts and tho like ambitions. But their baths from tho beginning diverged nnd now they were so wide apart that they looked in Dpposito directions; ouo to tho sunny south and ono to the bleak north ; one looked downwards and the other upwards ; oue saw a bright and tunny picture witli wonderful and ever varying bffccts of light and color and the other saw only a grey and fog laden landscape with a bit of lurid sky ; one saw men and women noble, erect and godlike, the other saw men nnd women creeping, sneaking, backbiting, filching and treacherous ; one longed to give nnd the other only lived that he might grab. Hugh thought lie had never seen his former friend more morose hud grumpy. This dark nnd gloomy creature to want his bright and clever Norah? His check flamed at the very thought. They stood In silence for a while each expectant that the 'other would say something. Then Dick asked If Calistn was in her ward nnd learning that ho would find her thero went away. I "Thero is something" said the young doctor, "something not quite right with Master Dick. Ho can't have have taken to drink. Yet there was a look as of drink — unsteadiness in his hands and eyes, no purpose in his movements, yrant of will in his manner. There is something rery queer about Dick Murridgc." The young doctor drew two letters from his pocket, and fell to reading them. That is to Say he rend them carefully and yet slowly, as if Jio wanted to read every word. Nobody shall know what was in the first letter except that it jras 6igncd " Norah," with some Tory sweet words preceding the signature. Ho sat with this letter in his hands for a while, meditating bn the charms and graces of the writer. Then he put it back iuto his pocket book, and read tho other letter, which was from his mother. ."My dearest eou," she said, " 1 nm quitercady lo believe that your mistress is everything tlint you believe her to be ; as good and as sweet as beautiful. I pray that yon may have as good a jrifc 03 you deserTe, and that is saying a groat deal. Will you please give Norah my love, and idl her I am looking forward with the greatest eagerness to seeing her, nnd getting to know her ? As regards your plan and manner of living, I quite approve of your ambition. It is fortunate that you are the son of a successful pinger, my dear boy ; you will have no difficulty in making the attempt. As for my money it was made for you, and is nil your own if you want it nil. There is, however, a great surprise for me in your letter, apart from tlio news of your engagement, which ought not to he a sur prise to a mother. It is the surname and the S" ristian name of your Jiancdc. Is she ono of o Clousilia Crodans ? In that case her chris tian name is easily accounted for ; there should lo also a Calista in tlie family, and her father's christian namo should bo Hyacinth. They would also be poor, which I suppose is tho caso with them, since you tell me her father is a general practitioner in Camden Town. Tell ine, when you write next, about this point, which concerns yon in a very strange manner. But of this I will tell you when wo meet. I hope to 6ee you— and Norah— next mouth. But do not forget to answer this question. Again, Is her father's christian namo Hyacinth ; and is ihcro a Calista, as well as a Norah ? Your af fectionate mother." _ "Well ; the doctor's name is certaiuly Hya cinth, and there is a Calista in the family. I wonder what tlio mater means. After all, she will tell me in her own time." . Ho laid his head back and closed his eyes. He had been up half tho night with a had case, and befell asleep instantaneously, and slept till lhey brought him his early dinner. There certainly was something very queer With this young man, and he was going to Calista in order to tell her so. Ho had been accustomed for a great mouy years to make Calista that kind of half confidant, who shares all the woes, hears all the grumbling, and is forgotten when thiugs run smooihly. Persons Jike Calista always havo plenty of friends who make use of their sympathies when trouble has to he faced. "Calista," he said, dropping into a chair, "I Wish I was dead." - It " Do you, Dick ? You said tlio same thing about two months ago, when I saw you Inst. Yet I heard afterwards that you were cheer ful." "I wish I was dead now, then." ' " What has happened ? What is the mat ter?" "I didn't say anything had happened. I (aid I wish I was dead." "Is that all you have como to tell mo?" "Not quito. I've come to tell yon — old Calista— 1m the most miserable unlucky beggar in the world." "What is it, Dick? Have yon done any thing foolish ?" "I've — I've " ho stopped because his eyes caught Calistn's clear eyes gazing steadily In his, and he turned his head away as if he had suddenly changed his purpose. "I didn't know " he mid in confusion, " that it would really happen until this morning. Now I find it must." " What will happen ?' " You will remember my words when it comes off — won't you ? I came to warn you." "Well Dick, if anything is to happon nnd I nm not to know what it is, I see no use in warning me." "I warn you heennso I want you to under stand that it is nil her own fault." "Whose own fault?" "Whose should it ho hut Norali's? I'm talking about her, ain't I? Very well, then. Let her understand that it is licr own fault." " What lias Norah done?" " She's deceived mo. Thai's what she's done. I've offered myself a dozen times and sho has refused mo. "Told me thero wns no body else sho cared for, said she didn't want to got married. Said that last week. And now I hear sho's engaged." " Very well Yon arc not going to lake re venge upon licr, are you, Dick ? That would he mean, indeed." "Not revenge. It isn't revenge. And yet it's all her own fanlt whatever happens." "You aro very mysterious this morniDg, Dick, and very " gloomy. Well, if you've nothing moro to say, had yon not better he getting back homo? It is twelve o'clock already." , " You can toll her if anything happens," ho repeated, "that you know all along it was coming and that it is all lier own fault." " Go, Dick You are worse than gloomy this morning. You aro wicked. I will listen to you no longer." He turned and flung himself from the room. I use tho word which would have pleased linn most — bccauso lie desired . to fling himself. Those people who fling themselves from a room are the same who curl their lips as well as their locks, and knit a brow as easily as a stocking, and flash flames from their eyes as well as from a lucifcr match. But good flingiug, dramatic Staging, requires a narrow stago or, at least, close proximity to the door, At tlio Adclphi, before the villain flings, it may be observed that he carefully edges up close to the door. Now tlie ward was a long room, and Dick's fling, long before lie. reached the door handle, became an ignoble stride, which was rendered only par tially efficient by his hanging tho door after him, so that all the babies jumped. "Something," said Calista in the same words as those of the resident medical, " some thing is certainly wrong with Dick. And he is trying to put himself right by laying the blame on Norah, What can it bo ? And what can he mean by his vague threats ?" Sho tried to dismiss the subject from her mind. A man does not try to injure a girl be cause sho has refused him. Yet she was uneasy, and in the afternoon, when Norah came to tho hospital, and Hugh made lovo to her before Calista's eyes, Dick's gloomy words kept repeat ing tliemsolvos in lier brain. "It is all her famt whatever happens," ' Chatted II. — His LonDsmr's Towx House. Tlie residence of Mr. Hyacinth Cronan, MD. and L.R.C.P., general practitioner, was in Camdcn-sfrect, Camden Town. His surgery, his consulting room and his red lamp were also attached to tlie same house, where patients not only received advice, but saw their , medicines mixed beforo their eyes, nnd might also, if they wished, have their teeth drawn. The part of Camdon-strcet where lie lived is that which lies about tho parish church, nud there fore nearly opposite the disused cemetery, which appears to ho slowly becoming a kitchen garden. The house is on tlio right hand side going north, nnd just beyond that very re markable survival of rural antiquity, where tlie old cottages still stand behind long strips of garden running down to the rond. Somo of the gardens aro receptacles for old vehicles nnd wheelbarrows, some are strewed with IheMris of a workshop ; some are gardens still, actually with cabbages nnd sunflowers. This situation, being in the very heart of Camden Town, is a most desirable one for every medical man who desires such a practice as Dr. Cronan enjoyed, viz., a wide connection, a large popularity, tho confidence of many thousands and an income of very few hundreds. Probably— it is not safe to mako tlio statement witli greater confidence — probahly.no practitioner in Camden Town had a larger practice ; very few of his brethren, except tlio youngest men, namely those just starting, had a smaller income ; no man in tho parish, except the postman, walked a greater number of miles cveiy day ; nor did anybody, except tho tram car conductor — and even he gets every other Sunday off, which the doctor does not— work tor longer hours. There were in Dr. Cronan's case the usual compensations ; though tho incoino wns small the family was largo ; thero wero plenty of wants to exhaust the scanty means ; though the loaves were few the mouths wero many. This is, as has often been remarked, Dame Nature's playful way. Sho substitutes for the things which aro missing tlioso which are super fluous or least prayed for ; sho adds to the things which are already possessed others which doprivo them of their value. Thus, on him who has the greatest good fortune, luck and worldly happiness she bestows an asthma which deprives him of the power of enjoying anything at all ; and when a poor man lias succeeded, with infiuito troublo and self denial, in saving a little money, sho scuds him an illness, or a misfortune which gobbles up his little all; to the rich man sho denies an heir;' and on tlie poor man, who has nothing to leave, she showers heirs and heiresses. However, Dame Nature means well, and wo are hut purblind mortals, and doubtless know not what is host for us. On this principle of playfulness, nature had enriched Dr. Hyacinth Cronan with ten children, of whom Calistn, tho eldest, now. in her twenty-second year, was, as wc have seen, a sister at the Children's Hospital. Tlie second, named Hyacinth, 'after his father, was at University College Hospital, on tho point of completing his student time. After Hyacinth, came Norah, nineteen, private secretary to a genealogist, and quito recently engaged to becomo private secretary or liomo secretary to Dr. Hugh Aquila. Then followed Patrick, who followed the sea, and was a midshipman, or fourth officer, as I thiuk it is now called, on board a P. and 0. boat in Indian waters. After Pat followed those who wero still at school and nursery— Alberic, Terence, Gcraldinc, Lany, Honor and Kathleen. It will be understood from these names that Dr. Cronan was of Irish extraction. Ho was born, in fact, in Dublin— he still pronounced it Dollun— and he graduated at Trinity College, and such relations as ho had were understood by his wife, who neTcr saw any of them, to be still resident in the distressful pountry. And though Irish people in general are fond of talk ing about their families, especially if tlicy belong to "good" families, Dr. Cronan hardly ever montioncd his people. Yet lie gave to nil his children christian names which are certainly moro common in Ireland tlmn on tho eastern side of the channel. Now when amau is taciturn on the subject of his origin, there is generally a presumption that it is not sucli as gencrally iuclincs a man to stick out liis chin. On the mother's side, liowei er, to make up — nnturo's way, again — tlie children could boast oi mcst honorable connections. Their grandfather had been an alderman, and more important still, he had mado money at tho trado of chronometer maker. He was one of those admirable per sons who not only take a pride in their calling nud turn out none but tlie very best instruments, hut who also consider that next to good work there is nothing worth thinking of hut tlie saving of monoy. There aro always, every where, plenty of these good persons ; tlicy save, scrape, stint, skin nud spare through tho wliolo of their lives, happy when tho end comes in being nblo to lenvo behind them a good largo fortuuo to ho divided. Once in a generation or so, one of- them saves so much, and lias so few heirs, that a new family may be founded. Generally, howovcr, the money is divided among so many that it just serves to make somo of the women of the next generation lend easier lives, nnd some of tlie men lazier. It is an achievement even to im prove the lives of a few unborn women ; cer tainly one may predict tliey will never want to do any work, and perhaps they will not get the chance of marriage, and if they do, they will be all the better for the money they bring to the family hag. As for (lie youug men, for tho most part tlicy speedily run through tlicir money and then take a lower place, cheerfully, or sulkily, according to taste. It is strange, liowover, that in a country second only to one in its lovo of tlio almighty dollar, real appre ciative justice never lias been done lo tho bene factor who spends his whole life in saving up for liis grandchildren No poems havo been written upon liim ; no statues have been erected to his liouor ; no ono is ever exhorted to go and do likewise ; he is even held up to ridicule and ex ecration as a mouey grubber, a griudor of noses on the griudstohc, a hard master and oue who will have his pound of flesh. What matter for the hardness when one thinks of tho result ? How few among us arc there who, in the days of tlicir youth, remember their unborn grand children, and rosolvo to work for thorn, live for thcra, and save for them ? Think of the reso lution tiiat young man must possess who can say, " I mean to scrape and screw nil tlie days of my life for those I shall never live to see. I will deny myself tlio pleasures nnd indulgences of my ago ; I will forego delights and live laborious days ; aud all for those who will never know mo and who will forget even to thank mo, nnd very likely will be ashamed of the shop." A uoblo young man, indeed I Would that in tho last generation but oue there had been a great many moro liko this young niau, Mrs. Cronan's grandfather! Yet ho, for one, was not without reward in his own life time, because lie rose to be an alderman and was warden of his company, and in both capacities devoured, in his time, quantities of turtlo soup every year. It was entirely through liis virtuous self dcuial that Mrs. Cronan, his granddaughter, whom lie did not live to see, wns possessed of a substan tial income, no less than .£300 n year. What the ten children would havo done without that £300 a year one cannot even thiuk. What be came of all the rest of the alderman's money I know not. Some of the grandchildren had, no doubt, run through their portions, nnd were gono abroad ; some were clerks, somo ltvd shops, some' wero professional men ; not oue, I am sure, is imitating the great examplo of liis grandfather, and saving money for those of tlio twentieth century to spend. One evening in June, about half past nine o'clock, while it is still almost light enough to read without a lamp, Dr. Cronan sat by the empty fireplace in tlio family diuingroom, surrounded by liis family. It was not every evening that ho conld thus sit at his case, in slippers, with a pipe between his lips, and tho "materials" on tlio table. Tlio. room was called the diningroora, but it was used as tho family- sittiugroom, workroom, study nud every thing else. Tliey lived in it ; they received their visitors in it ; and thoy took their meals in it. The window was open for it was actually a warm evening, though only at tlie beginning of Juno ; tlio lamp was lit, and if tlio room was rather crowded, it had a happy look, ns if fho family wore, on tho whole, good tempered. Among thoso family possessions which tho visitor at once involuntary recognises, even before ho has had timo to look nt tlio oliina and the pictures, good temper is tho first. It is stamped upon tlio vciy chairs. Tho Cronans took their good temper chiefly from their father, it was just one moro of Nnturo's compensations, to make up for tho small income. No ono over saw tho doctor cross or irritable, not oven when, after a long day's work ho was called out again at bedtime. Ho was a tall man of spnro figure; his once dark hair and whiskers well streaked with groy. Ilis features were clear and handsome, and his blue eyes had a trick of lighting up suddenly, and his mouth of dropping into a smile on small provocation. Certainly not a wcoping philosopher, nor one inclined to rail at the times even if they were ton times as dis jointed. The picture of family life, at its easiest nnd happiest, presented in this Camden Town household is reproduced every night in miles of streets and thousands of houses. It is tho ideal of happiness with tho majority of tlio pcoplo who wear broadcloth, and make tlicir living iutho ways common to the middlo class. Tlicy aro couteuted if thoy can spend their evenings, every evening of the week, in tlio tranquil domestic circle ; tlicy kuow no other happiness ; they desire no other, it is com plete when tho mother sits — ns Mrs. Cronan sat this oveuing — with a basket of work before her, placidly stitching. Sho had been married for twenty -two years, and had stitched without stopping for tweuty-ono years, so that sho now desired no other occupation but loisurely stitching. When tho children wero younger, thero was greater pressure ; tlio stitch ing was hurried. Beside lier sat tlio ' second daughter, Norah. She had a book in her hand, but I think she was not rending much, for sho did not turn over tho pages, and her eyes were looking through tho open window into tho back garden, wbero two lilacs and a laburnum wero infull blossom — when a girl is nearly nineteon and is engaged to bo married to the most de lightful fellow in tho world, and tho cleverest, there aro not many books which sho cares to read. If it be aiicd why sho was sot assist- ing licr mothor in darning the family stock ings, It is enough to reply tlmt a girl who is private secretary to a genealogist, who draws a salary, and pays for her own hoard, and who is engaged all day in the most scientific researches, cannot ho expected to darn stockings iu the evening. Gcraldine, tho third daughter, was learning a lesson tor next day's school, and tho threo boys, Terence, Alberic and Larry, wero having a row royal — in so largo a family there is always a row going on between some of the members — in which nobody interfered, over a backgammon hoard. That is to say, two of them were quarrelling, nnd the third, who ardently desired to swing a .shillelagh iu tlio fray, had been hustled nud bundled out of the squabble at an early stage, aud now sat quiet, waiting for his chauco. Such a picture as this is truly nationnl ; it represents tho Eaglish bonlicw defamillc. Less civilised nations go to tho theatres, caff# chantants, open air con certs, operas, dauces, circuses, public gardens — all kinds of thiugs. Our people stay at home, each household iu its own nest. Tho elder boys,how- cvor, have got a trick of spending the evening out. In his hand tho doctor had an evening paper, and lie was rondiug it slowly, ns is tlio habit with men who have no timo for much reading, and sometimes forgot the newspaper for ninny days together. From timo to time, he jerked a piece of news at his wife, who never read n paper at all and know nothing of any politics outsido tho walls of her own house. " Thero's my old friend, Jack O'Halloran," said the doctor putting down his paper. "I see they've made him a knight. Think of that now I Jack a knight 1 1 remember him be hind tho red ami green globes of liis father's shop. Jack a knight 1 Ho's dono well for him self 1 -'Tis the warm hand made Jack's fortune. Unlucky it is for you, . children, that your father's hand was always a cold one." " Rubbish, my dear. Nobody's got a larger practice than yourself, if it is a poor ono," said his wifo. " Do your patients ever think about your hand?" " No, mine don't. It's the patients that go to sec Jack, aud plank down tlieir two guiucas a visit. They aro tho sort who want a warm hand. It comforts them, tlio pressure of a warm, fat hand. That old lady that I picked up from the wheels of the tram the other day, and carried home — " "Well, my dear?" " She is rich ; sho is a widow, and therefore sho desires to live for ever. Well, sho thanked me very kindly, but she called iu another man. She found out my cold hand, you sec, nt once." " It's a pity," the wife sighed, " it seem id a chance ; and 1 thought sho would have been such a good patient." - "If Iliad oaly known beforo I went out, 1 would havo boiled both liauds, but it is no use now. Cold boiled hand isu't any better than cold raw hand." Ho shook his head and re sumed his paper. "Hynciuth takes after my -family, I am happy to say," said tho mother proudly. " There is not a softer or a warmer hand in all Camden Town, than my boy's. The alderman, my grandfather, wns also, I believe, rcmarkablo for liis warm hand." Tho doctor looked round tlio room. " Where is tho boy to-night?" " I suppose," said Norah, looking up from lier book, " that Daffodil is amusing himself in tho usual way. Aud that is any wny except staying at home." "Young men must have amusements, my dear," said her mother. " Your father is so seldom home in tho evening, nnd we are hardly companions for him. And as for your poor Undo Joseph — " "Why aro not girls to have amusements, too ?" Norah nsked. . "As for your poor Uaclo Joseph, Norah — " licr mother weut on agnin. But Norah tossed her head, and thus saved her mother tlio troublo of finishing the spoccli, and herself tho trouble of making reply iu words, and perhaps getting snubbed for irreve rence. This was so much clear gain. Any body may behave in this thrifty and economical way, who lias an cxprcssivo head, and under stands how to wag, shake, nod and toss it. But men do "not goucrally succeed in this language. Mrs. Cronan perfectly uudcrtood what her daughter meant aud stopped short. Then the door opened and an old gentleman came in. He was a very clean, good looking old gentleman, grave and even sovere, hut not benevolent of aspect. Quito tho contrary, indeed, though his locks wero so silvery white aud so abundant, and his beard so beautiful and so massy. Ho would have looked benevolent, I daresay, butforliisnndcr lip, which projected, nnd so stood in tho way of hcncvolcnco and gavo a grumpy look to nu otherwise open and kindly countenance. This was Uucle Joseph himself. He was dressed in evening costume — not tho old fashioned swallow-tail which old men used to wenr by day, hut tho correct cvouing dress of the day, with a shirt front decorated with one stud aud a wliito tio. He woro this dress — a most unusual thing in Camden Town — as if ho was accustomed to it, not as if it wero n kind of di'guisc. At sight of their great uncle tlio boys shut up the backgammon hoard, nud all thrco retired together promptly, nnd wero heard to finish their gamo and tlicir quarrel in some upstairs apartment. Norah, for her part, npplicd herself vigorously to her uovcl. And licr father buried himself in the paper. So great was the popularity of Uncle Joseph. Undo Joseph shook liis head solemnly, took a clinir ns if ho wero assisliug at a funeral, and sat down besido his niece, Mrs. Cronan, with a sigh that was almost a groan. Ho sighed a great deal in the evening, which, for certain reasons, was n trying timo for liim. Sometimes ho sighed a good deal in the day tiino as well, for Uncle Joseph was as discontented and testy an old man as one expects. Many old men aro sometimes discontented nud testy, the voico of the grasshopper being shrill iu tlieir ears — hut few arc always discontented and testy. " Two years ago" — he addressed tho doctor, hut received no response from tho newspaper, and llicroforo ho turned to his niece — "two years ago, Maria, I should now, at this moment, half-past nine, bo sitting on tho right hand, or perhaps tho left, of tho chairman. Tho banquet would bo nearly over, and the cloquenco of tho oveuing, in which I always took part in a few well chosen sentences, would bo about to begin. If yon sit down at lialf-past sovon or a quarter to. eight tho spccchos generally begin at half-past nine," "Yes. Unclo Josoph," Mrs. Cronan replied with a sigh sympathetic, "it must ho a beauti ful thing to remember. " "Beautiful indeed, Maria," he sighed again. < 1 1 will toko a glass of gin and water. But it is over ; it ii over. I ehjuljiear thvsqjpeeches so more. I shall drink that champagne 77ZT i«S«I u"" " "A n,.,, jij,,,. fc(i "-j. i. jewels of tlio order. Always them". nt ceremonies of tho lodge, dud the hn,,)SJCn,ous the work was done, Ve' again ho groaned "with the pl,„, Nearly ovcry day of mv life f„. i,aBno. thirty yoars— except SumUvs_ffi,,nT tI""1 and tho champngno. In summer ti banquet lodges; in winter, London U i C0U? Maria 1 What a career I Andnou-itsom''' Undo Joseph, in facf, imd \ww u thing like thirty years, the sccretsrr of '.T exalted institution in masonrv ,,,1,-1? ,r? than the grand lodge. In thiscauaritr f era!".',r has no knowledge, and th" offier worid no''!? preciation. He spent, as l,e prondlv toM I h niece, nearly every night of his life ?,<! work, and as the Function in every right-minded lodge is always followed by a was certainly no other man oulside i " Circles, who bad .consumed such nn enormous finer pafato, 'U!mc "uJ w'13 ""'l of a But to all things there comcth an end The secretary grew old. He began to find travellin wearisome; his memory began to fail him— ft was whispered tlmt ho had once imparted the secrets of a. higher instead of a lower ilwree, by mistake—a. truly dreadful thing to do-it is sup posed to i liaro caused the earthquake in Java, things i began to ho said about the slipshod con- 1 ., ,i ?,,"0r ' "ml I'wHy, the couucil re solved that tlie time was come when ho must resign, they gave lim, however, a pension of one hundred pounds a vear. which he bra- to tho Cronan houselml," '"-Wo lodge and grumble. His champagne was cut o" .. e,on.% He .would no- -as,, taste !!f that diuno dnni- „ucr that the old I.-att?i? discontented, for he craved £ -iter champagne. Ho found some con. -n in putting on his dress clothes and m taking over the once splendid past ; he had a sympathetic listener iu his niece, nnd he found gin and water a substitute for cliam- pagno, inadequate it U true but 1, hPJ- nothing. "It has been a brilliant career, Maria," he went on. "Few men, it has often been said iu my presence, have sat at moro or nobler ban quets. I doubt if any man, except a prince, and lie must he n prince of seventy at least, has drank more champagne than your poor uncle, l ct such a life nas its drawbacks ; you can't save money by eating and drinking ; the more brilliant it is the more champaguo yon drink, and tho less chnuco you get of saving. You can't save champagne. Aud now you sec— nothing but tho memory remains," "Indeed, Uncle Joseoh, we are a'l nroudof yon." -x " And I'm come down to n' pension of £100 a year nnd to gin nud water. Give me anolhcr glass, Maria — gin nnd water 1" " You must think of tho banquets and the great company you kopt, uncle." " The highest in tlio land," he replied solemnly. " I have initiated and raised to tlio most sublinio degrees royal princes aud tlie noblest of the nobility, young nnd old. As for tho dukes, marquises, carls and barons, thoy have been under my hands, meek nud obedient, by tlie hundreds. I'vo lost count of baronets, and kuights I value not at all. Yes, Maria, it gives a man some satisfaction in his old ago to feol he's done so much good and been so greatly honored, No doubt such a lifo bestows au air of distinction. I put it on with uiy evening dress. The jewels are upstairs. It would not be proper to adorn my breast with thoso splendid regalia outside a lodge. I can leave my jewols to your children, Marin, hut not the air of distinction. That can't he left to any body." "It cannot, Uncle Joseph, no more than a smile." "I've ofteu thought, Marin," the old man continued,, "that I should have liked ono of your hoys to tako up tho snmo line. But of conrso it is too mncli to expect of thcin. It is a gift. ; Such a man as myself can't bo made. Ho is bora, as thoy say of a poet. Either a young rnnn has the genins or ho has not. Lord ! Most masters, whether in tho clinir or past it, havo got no more real knowledge of the ritunl, whatever the degree, than they liavo of the Roman Moss." " Of course I don't know what it is," said Mrs. Cronau, "But I'vo always under stood—" " You can't understand, Maria. No woman can. It's beyond their intellect to understand such sublimity and such intricacy — More than a dozen different rituals — think of that I Evcrv one complete and different, aud all to be worked oxact, and word for word. All those rituals at my fingers' cuds, without flaw or hitch, and me tlio mau deputed to work them, for Instructions, and for Raising nnd Advancing. _ And a sepa rate dress for each, with its own jewels, _ i ho aprons nnd tho scarves are upstairs with tho jewels. Bnt tho rituals — tlicy mustn t be written, nnd there's no ono anywhere, wlio knows them like me. Thoy'vo got a youug roan in my place — I Iraiuodhim ; butns for compar ing him with mo — well, I pity tho youug man. They will mako comparisons, and tlioy will des pise him." Ho shook his head mournfully. _ . " Your hoys are all linndsomo, Maria. Any of them would look well in tlio apron and the jewels of tlio order. But what is ono to expect of them when their father has always rcluseil to join the craft, and scoffs at it oponly ? it is wrong of him, Maria, and I have known doctors gotting into fine practico by jommg a lodgo, and making tliemselvos popular in it. could havo taught your boys and advanced them and introduced them. But have they learned rcveronco for tho Ritual? I would haio taken them to a school for manners. How are mannors to bo learned in Camden Town f i could havo shown them a way to associate with the groat 1 How aro they to hopa lot intimacy with royalty and nobility in Camden Town? For my own part, I havo conversed with the noblest in the counter as their equal, actually their equal. And I nave exchange® | Prince himself, without a I ,ta"f\wi LordlW Mi& unseemly interruption R '-Ant, to tho doctor, who suddenly jumped I'.1 with Ibis profane cry.. Ho dropped back, f f?.Wr. and sat dowu again, gazing about ' l ivilii a look of the blankest amazement. 5® ,tart and tho cry might have been forced , 1 tnimhim by suddenly sitting on a mn, or by iwncrntion beyond endurance with Uuclo Tuh's tedious prattle, or by somo sharp t inal nain, or by the recollection of somo vhtfal omission or blunder.. But tho look of : .mzeaicut— what did it mean ? « Gracious 1" cried Mrs. Cronau, " what ta come to you, my dear?" » Nothing." said the doctor. Ho picked up (he napcr which ho lmd dropped, folded it very rircfully, and placed it in his pocket— a thing rticb he had never been known to.do in all his There mnst he something the matter" his aifo insisted, " Is it toothacho ?" ult is nothing," ho replied, " nothing of He least importanco to us or to anybody." a There is something," said Norah, "some- lling that concerns you at least, papa— and it is something that you read in the paper. Lot neread tho paper too." He mado no reply, except to gaze about liim jriih a bewildered look, as ono who wonders what ho is going to do next. « If I am allowed to talk without being interrupted," said Uuclo Joseph, irritably, "I tras going to say, Marin " H ii Papa, lotme seo tho paper," said Norah, twin. » No, my dear, not to-night. I daresay you will hear soon enough."' ' « I was goiug to say, Maria " "Yes, Uuclo Joseph.. Tour father will eliow me tho paper to-night, Norali," said Mrs. Crooan in a tone which implied, that as a wife shomcant to know tho secret, whatever it was. "If there is anything in it which concerns yon, of course, I can tell it to you in the morning. Go on Uncle Joseph." "I was going to say, Maria, when thesa in- Icirnptious began, that there is something in noble blood which one remarks in the very first iolrodnction. It is a something " Hcrs-Jho door opened, and Uncle Joseph was n third time interrupted. He sat back in his chair, ailtLbcgan to drum the ta!.lo with his fingers, hut only. fur a few moments, be cause the tiling wliichMpllowod was of such a surprising and startling character that ho even forgot his own reminiscences. This late visitor was an. elderly man with iron grey huir, short of stature, and of thick Imiltl, but uot fat : a man of hard face ; hard ness in his grey eyes, hardness, in his firm set mouth, hardness in his clun. As lie stood in the doorway, Norah, who had. hor mind full of her novel,, thought ho looked like a landlord, como to soil up everybody without pity. No- liody know him bettor "than herself, "and her knowledge of him did not mako that resem blance inipossiblo. For Mr. Murridge was her employer. She was his private secretary. "I don't know, doctor,", said the Visitor, " whether I ought to offer you my condolences on tho death of your illustrious cousin, or my congratulations ou your accession to his honors " "I don't know either, hang'mo if I do," said the doctor. "You have, I suppose, seen the evening papers. T'ho paragraph is in all of them. 1 wonder how these editors get hold of news so quickly — his lordship died this morning only " " But my two cousins ?" " Ono of them died three years ago, and the other three months ago. " "Good heavens!" cried the doctor, sinking into his chair. ' Pnpn," said Norah, " something h ns hap pened. I think you had better let mo seo tho paper." The doctor sighed. But he drew tho thing out of his pocket nnd handed it to his daughter. While she ran her eye down the columns, no body spoke. Mrs. Crouan held n uccdlo in suspense at tho very moment of notion ; Uuclo Joseph ceased dramming j Mr. Murridge smiled superior, as one who knows svhat is coming ; and the doctor looked moro miserable and foolish than at any previous situation in his whololife. " 1 liavo found it !" cried Norah, "listen, mother — where is Daffodil V Where is Calista ? - Tho children ought to bo taken ont of bed and brought down. Oh ! there is news. Listen, everybody— papa — is it possible ? You knew it all bofore, nnd yon told nono of us— not even mo. Mother didn't yon know ?" " Your mother's grandfather, the alderman — " Undo Joseph began, . but Norah interrupted, reading breathlessly, "Wo havo to annonncetho death of Hugh Hyacinth, Viscount Olonsilla, of tho Irish peerage, which tookplaco at his residence. in Madiria, on Wednesday, 21st May. Lord Cionsilla was bora in Dublin, in tho year 1810, aud was therefore in his seventy-fifth year. Ho married in 183S Ursula, daughter of Sir Patrick M'Orath, baronet, nnd had issue, ono son, who ,died unmarried, . in. tho year 1866. Tho lata lord never .took any active part' in politics. Tho hoir to the title is Hugh Hyacinth Cronau, Esq., M.D., great grandson of tho' first viscount,; and' son of tho lath Hugh Hyacinth Cronan, formerly of tho -Irish Civil Scrvico. .Dr. .Cronan has for litany- years boon practising as- a physician in- London. Thcte. " What does slio mean?" asked Mrs. Cronan, helplessly. " Wo arc all viscounts and honombles. Oh !" cried Norah, " what will Hugh say ? wlmf will Calista say? Good gracious 1 It's liko a dream." "Hyacinth, fell mo (his instant," said Mrs. Cronan again, " what it means." "It means, my lady," said Air. Murridge, bowing low, though ho was an old friend of tho family aud had never bowed low before, " it lncans_ nothing loss than that your noble hus band' is tho. I(iglit. Honorable the Viscount Cionsilla of tho Irish pcorago. . Nothing less, I assnroyon." ; ,. . "A lord viscount?!' said Unclo - Joseph. ' There was a viscount once — lio was a templar — Maria, there ought to be a bottle of cham pagne." , " Nothing less," repeated Mr. Murridge. " And nothing more " said his lordship. But no one heard him. " A viscount ! My grandfather was nn alder man, and yet — Hyacinth, can't you speak ? Why have I not been told ?" " It's duke, marquis, oarl, viscount, baron, wronct and kuight, unless you count .the ranks m- grand lodge, and tho Thirty .third," said Uncle Joseph. "lically, Sfciria, ou such an occasion there onght to be " "There was no use in telling you of a doctor seemed so impossible," said the " And I'vo been married to a nobleman's knew" it aUd Uveuty yullrs' 111111 "era " Only his second consin once removed," said tho doctor. ' My dear, I told you the truth. My father was m the civil service, ns I told you., llis grandfather was tho first Viscouut Clousilla nud the second Lord Cionsilla. Whou last I heard anything about it, Lord Cionsilla had a sou and a married brother, and a first cousin. Alt these stood botwoca mo nnd tho title. Was it worth talking about ? I had no money ; I had never spoken to tlio viscount, or sot eyes on him. No more bad my father be fore mo. What was tho good of my groat relations?" ' b i Great relations are always good," said his wifo. " If it hadn't been for tho alderman, my grandfather and ray Unclo Joseph, where would have been the family pritlo?" "At nil events, my lady," said Air. Alur ridgo, " there is no doubt possible on the sub ject. Tho lato lord's only son died twenty years ago, unmarried. Tho brother, it is true, was married, but he had no children. And lite first cousin, who was tho heir presumptive, died three months ago, also without offspring— S.P., as wo say in genealogies— cousequcutly the next heir to tho coronet ami the title is your husband." " Ob 1 " cried Norah, throwing her arms about her father's neck, " I am so glad— you poor dear 1 You shan't go any longer slaving like a postman up and down the streets ail day j you shan't be waked by a bell and miulc to go oat in tUc middle of the night, as if you were a railway porter j you shan't any moro moke up your own medicines. You shall hand over all your patients to nuvbody who likes— give them to Hugh, if you like. What will Hugh say wheu he finds out that I am tho lion. Norah — or are wo tho Ladies Culista and Norah ? " " Tho Lord knows," said tlio Viscount, still looking helpless and bewildered. " Well, I supposo Hugh won't miud much, Oh ! And I supposo wo shall all go away from Camden Town, and live at the West JEnd — Nolting Hill even " — Norsk's knowledge of the West was limited — "drive about in our own carriage, and go to theatres every night. Daffodil will givo up the hospitals ami go into tho house—" __ " Perhaps" wo sliall all go into tho House, Norah, my dear," said lier father, grimly. "Oh ! You will go into the Upper House. Of course, there's acres aud acres of laud in Ire land—dirty acres tho novels call them." Mr. Murridge coughed nud tho doctor chauged color. "What is tho name of our couutry house? Oh I I kuow it is a beautiful grand old place, with a lake and swans, a lovely gar den and the most wonderful glass bouses, nnd a Scotch pardoner — I haven't read Miss Braddon for nothing — " " There was a country house once. It was called Castle Clousilla ; bnt I beliovo it tumbled down years ago. Tlio lute lord never saw tho place since they shot at bis father uud hit the priest." "Well then, there must be a grand old old venerable aucieut romantic history of tho house. You will tell us tlio family history, won't yon, as soon as wo settlo dowu ? All tlio men were knights without fear, aud all the ladies were beautiful nnd without reproach." "I will toll you at once. About 200 years ago there was nu attorney in Dublin named Hyacinth Cronan. Creeping Joe they called him, so greatly was ho admired. He made his son a barrister, -and tlio barrister became a judge, and tho judgo was made, for political services, Lord Cionsilla. Crawling Joe, his friends called birn, to distinguish hint from bis father. His son, for oi her emiuont political ser vices, was raised a stop in the Irish peerage at tho timo of tlio Union. That is all tlio family history, Norah, mid I am lmnged if I sec much to bo proud of when it is told." "Not one of thorn, "'nskod Uncle Joseph, "so much as a provincial Grand Master'?" "Oh, and no Banshco? No ghost? No white lady? Are you quite sure?" asked Norah. "Not even so much as a family bogy, my dear." "Well, llicu Ihero is a town house, some where I am sure. I hope it is iu Ireland. I feel Irish already. To-morrow I shall buy Tho 'Wearing of tho Green. Where is our beau tiful town house — Ludy Cloasilla's town house— whore slio will live in tlio ' season .with hor daughters, tho ladies Calista, Norah, Honor unit Kathleen. " There used to bo ouo in Dublin, bnt I sup pose it's been sold long ago." " Well, then, the money and tho dirty acres," Norah persisted. " " I wish you good night, Lady Cionsilla," said Mr. Murridge. " Onco more I congratu late you. Good night, my lord." . ' Ho bowed very low, much lower than' is ex pected by viscounts as a rule, and retired. "I was about to remark, Maria," said Uncle Joseph; "when wo were interrupted by Mr. Murridge, tluit I hod always observed something of the air of rank in vdurhusbaud. It was certain to mo that he was of noble parentage, though lio clioso to conceal that fact from friends who would have appreciated its importanco." "Yes, yon never told me. Oh, Hyacinth," said his wife reproachfully. "It would' havo made us all so happy to think that yon had such noble blood in vour reins." '"My dear, lio replied, "I didn't know there was tho least chance of the peerage. It is the most extraordinary thing that ever hap pened, Ami Maria,-' ho added, robbing his chin, " I believe I've made the greatest fool of myself over, known. I'll go and see Murridge about it to- morrow. -But I am suroiof it be forehand. . There never was a greater fool in all tho world than your husband, Maria." "Ok 1" cried Norah, again, " You will look so beautiful in your.coronet." -'.Shalt I, my dear? I wonder where it is. What is more to tho point is, whether the lato lord left any monoy, and if so, whether ho loft any to mo. There cortainly never could liavo been a greater fool tbau your father, child. Esau's case is almost the only ouo that can compare to it." Maria," 6oid Unclo Joseph, "wo will all move upwards, immediately, into tho highest society, and wo wilt hnvo a banquet, with cham- pagno overy night. Ou all points of social etiquette, rely on mo. There will ho, of courso, waiters in ovening dress. It will hp exactly like a bauquet of a -higher degree, only that Indies will be present, aud I sh«U uptjrear my jewels. Of course I shall sit ou tho right hand of the chairman, and respond for the cmft." " Oh! Unclo Joseph I" murmured Lady Clousilla, carried away by the splendor of his imagination. "As for his lordship, I will tako him iu hand at onco." "I liavo been tho most almighty fool," said his lordship. " Aud iuitiato him and raise him to tho loft iest degrees — I'll do it with iny own hand — and thou ho will bo n credit and an honor to tbo illustrious pcorago of bis nativo country. I can't iuitiato you, Maria, uor tlio girls, became you are females. But tho hoys I cau and I will. Aud whou they are knights templars, mark masters, royal arches and thirty seconds thoy will not be ashamed to talk with anyone, and will be fit to shino iu tho highest society, like their groat unclo." He drauk half his glass at a gulp, nud went ou rather thickly, pointing to tho doctor — " Look at him, Maria, ho is a nobleman all oyer — blood in his voius and aristocracy upon his tipper lip. Didn'tl always say there was a something in your husband above his pills ?." " It can't, bo helped. Maria," said tho Vis count. " But I wish your husband lmd uot been so groat a fool." " Why, on tho present occasion," Unclo Joseph went on — " an occasion which may never linppcn again in the history of tlio lodge, why, Maria, why is there no champagne ? Thank you, I will take— wes — I will tuko an other glass of gin aud water." Cn.uiEii HI. — A Loxa Mosxcia is the Cur. Mr. Mnrridgo was by prolcsioii n genealo gist. This is a trade in which there are few competitors. There are, to be sure, tho heralds, who hrc a dignified body and have a college of their own, and on occusions of ccrc- meny wear tho most beautiful coats in tbo world, and consequently nre tempted to wish that there was a coronation every week. They also cujoy much finer titles thau the members of ibe Upper House, being colled King at Anns, Herald or Pursuivant, Kongo Dragon, Kougc Croix, Blucmautlo nud Portcullis. Mr. Mnr ridgo possessed no other title than that of plain Mister, which wo nre not oxpoctod to " enjoy." It was r'eported of him, by those who regarded liim us nil interloper anil un unqualified prac titioner, that ho had originally been appren ticed to a dio sinker, and was afterwards em ployed iu engraving coats of arms for one v.-bo kept a heraldic shop, ornamented outside by the gilded effigies of a loathly worm, liko unto the dragon of Spiudleston Heugh, This enter prising tradesman not only engraved shields aud furnished family seals, but also found coats of arms for people who had lost them so long that all memory aud trace of thorn hail vanished. Nothing proves a family to bo old so much as to have lost tha memory of their arms. There ore many snch ; thoy havo withered in obsurity and neglect for generations ; then one of them mokes money, and then this heraldic shop kcepor recovers the long lost con- nectionand lauds him proudly among the barons in tbo wars of tho roses. In this way, therefore, Mr. Murridge found himself impelled iu the direc tion of genealogical studies and in this way ho gradually neglected tho practice of his art, and converted himself into a searcher mid grnbbor into family history. Although there 'are not many iu tho trade, it is somo times profitable ; for there are always Hie new rich who continually desire to prove that thoy havo always, though their friends littto suspected it, really belonged to that class which rules by right divine and tho possession of hereditary braius ; aud there nre, beside these, the rich across the sea who hear names Of Eng lish origin and would fain prove their connection with groat English housc3 mid nre willing to pay handsomely for snch a connection. There fore, Mr. Murridge was generally fully occupied in tracing pedigrees, finding out missing links, proving marriages, establish ing American connections, following up linos o! descent, converting plain country gentlomon into descendants of royalty— this is a very lucrative branch of tho profession — and in this way bringing vain glory, delight, honor, dis tinction and solace to all who could afford to pay for it. So great, indeed, was his skill that lie never failed to prove his cliont a cadet at least, of some ancient House, and when there was no estate involved, and family was sup posed to bo extinct, he not infrequently made his client tho head of that house. Nothing can bo conceived moro pleasing to ladies aud gentle men who have been brought up to believe that for thom thoro is no family history, no more than at tho beginning .of the world, previous to the Family Shop whore tho money was made — whether a shop with n conntor anil a till and an apron, or shop with nn pfiico and a clerk, or n shop with a box of .pills, or a shop with a wig and a gown, or a shop with « sword and a red coat, or a 6kop with a stool pen and a fow pugos of blank paper, or n shop with a bundle of scrip nnd' shares,, so that Mr. Murridge was really a philanthropist of tlio first water — au eighteen carat philontliropist. H from lime to timo, in his grubbing, awoug genealogies, old wills aud family histories ho canto upon curious dis coveries which ho wnsablo to turn to his advan tage ho is not to bo blnuiod. Nolably there was ' the ; succession to the Cionsilla title, in which, as yon will presently seo, ho did a very good stroke of business. Ho lived modestly in Collcgc-slract, Camden Town, . at tho lower end, of course, where tho trees are, and where tho gentility of the street do mostly congregate. He was a man of re gular habits. Every morning at tho same liiuo he entered tlio same omnibus to the city ; cvoir evening at the same timo he came home. He took his dinner every day at tho same dining room, and always spent the same amount upon .it, namely four shillings, which allows half a pint of port. When ho got homo, ho stayed there. Ha never read auytliiug at all, out, of tho way of his business except tho uoivspaper ; ho always read tlio same paper— namely, the Standard, because it gives most uotrs for the money. Whether his plain aud regular life was deliberately choscu on account of parsi mony, or whether it iind become a haui.t, in tho 'course of long years, or whether it was caused by snmllncss of iucomo, nobody knows, because Sir. Murridge neither invited nor offered confidences with any ouo. His oilice was in Fiusbiuy Circus, where lio had two rooms on a 6ccoud floor. Tho front room largo nnd light, looking out ou tho open riaco ; tho hack room small and dingy looking upon tho limbo of cliimnoys, work 6hops, back buildings, out houses aud grimy yards which ouo finds iu that part of Loudon. On tha door post bolow.liis oauiowas painted, " Second Floor, John Mur- ridge, Genealogist." His own room was fur nished with one very large tabic — genealogists, liko civil engineers, require great tables— and another very small one ; ho had a great book- caso fall of books of reference, such as Dug- dole, Douglas, Tonge, Betham, Wottou, Col lins and Lysons — a really valuable collection — as for tho county histories ono needs tho re sources of a Holhschild to procure thom. Thoro was also a large sized safo in tho corner, and there were tin boxes piled ono abovo the othor as in n solicitior's office, and there were three or four chairs. Tho room of tho back was not, proporly speaking, furnished at all. That is to say, Jlicro was a tablo at tho window with a blotting pad and an inkstand and a chair before it. There was another table on tho dark side of tho room with a hoavy copying press upon it, the kind of press which works with n handle and a screw. 'This was for tho boy clerk wlio posted tho letters, copied them and ran errands. Tho othor tablo was for Mr. Murridge, junior — Mr. Itichard Mnrridgo. His son and tho boy clerk, together with tho private secretary, com pleted Mr. Murridge's staff and formed his es tablishment. As regards Kichard Murridge, it might be said of him, as of a great many others, tliat ho would doubtless havo been different bad Iris training been othor than what it was. Yet his education was not neglected. At school he learned only the things most useful in a com mercial fife ; as a good hand, accounts and book keeping, shorthand, French and the art- of writing a business letter. Ho also had tho advantage, boing a day boy, of his father's ex perience aud practical wisdom which was on tap,- so to speak, every evening. "I have taught my son, Sir," Mr. Murridgo explained, "to despise the common cant about honor, friendship, justice, cliarity nail tlio rest of it. 'The world is full of things which live by eating each other. There is no other way to live. He is one of those lhing3. We come into tho citycray day iu order to cat each other aud to defeud ourselves against tlioso who would cat us. The way of defence is to make ns mnch niDncy as we possibly can. As for honor, it means tlias you must play fair wheu it is your interest. Friendship means putting other pooplo on to a good tiling when you can't get it for yourself and in oxchnngo for auother good thing. Benevolence means keeping tlio people you are eating up in a good temper. Dick quite understands tho world. There is no nonsense about Dick. J ustico means lulling all you can get, all that tho law allows, to the last pcuny, and never forgiving anybody. I have made the boy thoroughly imdorstaud those principles. He begins life with a clear head and no senti mental humbug." It is not often that a boy's views ore thus based upon the first elements of lifo and society, and Dick certainly began life with great advantages. " Every man for" himself," the man of expo- nonce continued. " Trust no one. If yon have a secret, keep it till you can sell it or use it to advantage. As for art, literature, science and tho rest, there's nothing in thom, no laonoy to speak of. Stick to tho city where tho money lays." Mr. Murridge as a hoy was imperfectly educated, and therefore made occasional slips of grammar. And, thongh it would ho a shame to writo his words exactly as ho pronouueed tiicui, his aspirates were entirely abseut. What then ? One of the greatest judges of this con- lury was also remarkable for tho same defect, aud a lute Oriental scholar of the highest emi- neucc could never remember that tho first letter iu " horse " and " house" moant even so much as tho Arabic Aiu. "Money's everything," said Air, Alurridge, " there are many'ways of mokiug money, but tlicy all rest on one prin ciple, .which is, my boy besting your neighbor, fusing advantage of him, making monoy out of his ignorance aud his wants. He must cat and drink ; sell .him food end wine. He wants to bo amused ; make him pay for his play. He wants to ticklo liis vanity ; sell liim u pedigree and a coat of arms. Ho will pay anything for that kind of vanity — I ought to kuow. Ho is iu troublo ; sell him a way of geltiug out. Ho is in pain ; soil liim a cure. lio wants a rcli gion ; sell. liim ouo. '.Whatever he asks for, whatever he wants, make him pay for. That is trade." With wisdom such as this the father nurtured tlio tender miud of his son while yet young. Somo of his tcachiug was liko seed which takes root aud grows and bears fruit. Some of it was wasted. Of wliat kind was tbo fruit will be presently soon. Uuluckily for Dick, he was not allowed to put these principles into practice iu nn inde pendent way. Sir. Murridge regarded his busi ness as a thing to he kept together and handed down as a property to iiis son. Ho therefore, without any questions as to Dick's aptitudo for genealogical research and the art .of clothing a man with a pedigree, removed him from school at au early a»o hnd placed him in his own back oflicc, when no gave him copying work. You cannot possibly carry out any of thoso boau- tiful precepts and maxims ou mere copying work. Unfortunately, too, Mr. Murridge could naver bring himself to. trust his sou. Ho was a jealous master who would lot uo one into his secrets but'hiinsolf.'ahd worked liko the molo, underground. So that though ..Dick was now 23, he know no moro' about liis father's business than ho . did at 16, whou he first took his scat in tho hack office. Nor did ho hear, of any. coses except -whoa his father would talk over the successful conduct of one which was completed, imd then only if there had been some difficulties or sharp practico in it. He did not complain, his father not being the' kind of father who takes complaints pleasantly, but his position mado him con tinually grumpy. It is not a good sign for a young man's future when ho nourishes a secret ; grudge agdiiist his father, and wheu tho father, absorbed in. his own business, never, stops to consider what his son is doing, and how ho re gards liis own position and work. Dick was now drawing tlio very haudsomo salary of £15 a year wjth breakfast, lodging, washing, supper if bo wanted it. and his Sunday dinner, lio lives, therefore, rich,' ns clerks nt thrco ami twenty go. If wo allow him Is. 6d. a day for his. dinner, or 10s. n week, -which comes to T26 year j £15 a year for liis dress, which is not extra vagant, £10 for a fortnight's holiday in tho sum mer, nnd £5 n year for his daily omnibus, there remains , tho handsome sum of £19 a year, or rather more thau Is. a day, to cover his" oinlisc- meuis nnu nis pcity expenses, now many yonng city fellows nro there, I should like to know, who can afford Is. n day for pleasure ?; Dick had so few pleasures thnt ho! must have bceu saving money. Ho was ii \ery."qm6fi young man — sons of masterful fathers generally are ; ho had taught himself to play the piano a littlo and to draw a little. Whiinho'ivns at homo ho spent most of the time at tho old piano, which had been his mother's, When h» ivos at tho office ho spent most of the timo is' drawing. Ho had no tasto for reading; ho' seemed to caro nothing for tho things which form tho pleasure of so many young men's lives ; ho uovcr wont to theatres or music halls i ho had no bicyclo ; he belonged to no athletic clubs ; and oxccpt ono or two old school follows ho had no frionds. Yet of lato he had got into ' into tlio habit of spending ovory ovening out. Where ho went, or what ho did, his father did not inquire ; n quiet young man who seemed to bo getting through his youth at a regular even pace, turning ncithci to tho right hand nor to tho loft, picking no fruits, or flowers, and running after no butterflies, caught by none of the Jack-a- lantcrus which lead astray so many of the Loudon youth, his father should have beon satisfied with such a son ; but ho was not. Air. Alurridgo was disappointed that his son had no passion for anything. Dick was no fool, but he did his work liko a machine, ha took uo interest in his work — he was spiritless. Now a young man who is not a fool cannot be, thongh ho may appear to he, a mneliine, Parents who have such sous as Dick should remember this provorb, which is ono of the very few omitted from Solomon's unique col lection—how good a thing it is for the world that this monarch collected proverbs instead of old Phoenician ware aud prehistoric pots. You will presently discover that Dick was uo ex ception to this provorb. Mr. Murridge's confidence was enjoyed, to o. certain extent, by tho young lady named. Norah Cronau, who called herself his private : secretary. Ho called her his clerk, but it mado no difference in the salary, which re mained at the same figure as that enjoyed by Dick, namely, £75 a year. But lie did ' uoxt to nothing for tho money, and shb did tho work of three men, being a sharp, clover, indnstrious and zealous girl as ever man bad tho good fortnne to eugago in bis scrvico. Sho came every morning at oloYcn, and generally spent an hoar or two with hor employer before she went off to thd Museum, to tho Keeord Office, to consult parish registers, to read wills, to moke extracts and do all kinds of genealogical work, which kept her all day long and very often all the evening ais ivoll, Sho know by heart, I think, nearly every genealogical work that exists in tho ver nacular. Of courso, Mr. Mnrridgo did not wholly trust hor. Perhaps ho was afraid she - might mako discoveries and keep them to her self, aud mako hor own market out of them. Ho had done so himsolf in the old days. Per haps there were certain risky connections in his pedigrees which ho did not wish to exposs! to the girl's sharp oyos. Perhaps ho was con stitutionally uaable to trust anybody wholly;. He might very well have trusted her, because ' she never suspected that she might become a money winner instead of a salary earner. Most men never do learn this lesson ; still fewi . women over learn it and so nre contented to go on alt their lives upon a wage, and nobly rejoice when tho smallncss of their own salaries has brought wealth to their employers. For this reason, among others, Norah was honest, and carried to Mr.' Alurridgo overytbing she found, and never dreamed of withholding the loast scrap of information. This is praiseworthy in every walk of life, bat especially laudable in ; a genealogist, bocauso tho loast scrap is always the thing which is of tho greatest importance. Such a simple thing, for instance, as a single one lined entry in a parish register, concern- ' ing a marriago a hundred years ago, has been known to prove a very gold mino to tho dis- " covcrcrs. No man in tho' city had a more valuable elork thau Air. Alurridgo, or a cheaper clerk. Some there arc who object to girl clerks on the ground that although thoy are always- honest and may be underpaid and overworked ' to any extent, and thongh they never grumble and always carry out enters literally and- exactly, one caunot swear at tliom. There is: force in tho objection. It is uot, I believe, fclu ' by some of the gentlemen who employ girls to sell gloves ifnd bouuets, aud beer, and soda and brandy, nor was it felt by Mr. Murridge, who, wheu Norah first enmo to liim, swore at her every day. Sho did not like being 6wom at.- It made hor limbs tremble- and hor face torn.; red aud pale, but sho thought it wisest to say. nothing about it at home for tbe usual reason, that there' was uot much money going, and her small salary was useful, and be sides,' hor brothor being a student at University College Hospital, thoro was, just then, lesi money than usual. Wlioncver Mr. Alurridgo'C orders were iiuporfcctly obeyed orneglocted, he. swore at her. Why not? When ho was a,: 'prentice ho had been sworn at overy day, enffed, caned and kicked until ho became a! smart 'proatico nnd a good engraver. Why should lie not swear at his own elork ? He did, and with snch -wearisome iteration of ono word, that Norah grew to loathe that word ond te tako any amount of pains and troublo in ordol not- to hoar it. It is quite a short word and has been mistaken by somo for good Saxon. . TJiis is wrong. Tho word was brought into; this country by Julius Cicsar himself, who uttered it ivhenha fell upon liis noso on landing in Pevensey Bay. By this act lio conferred it upon the land, so to speak, by solonrn gift and deed, as a possession for over. Vortigern anb- scquoatly taught it to Hcngist and his Saxons , St, Edmund of East Anglia taught it to the Danes just before tlioy cut short his saintly career; Canute, nud Edmund Ironside frcquontiy oxchanged it, standing a good way apart; Harold iu his last rally so deeply impressed it upon, Dulcb William, that he strictly enjoined his sons never to suffer that word to be lost. It was the only paternal injunction which tin I'riuees agreed iu obeying Bnt tho won! is uot Saxon. Norah had now, howover, lieon so long with Mr. Alurridge, and had worked for him so well — pedigree - hunting is Matter of instinct with some, like finding old books; or picking up old coins — that he had almost ceased to " use " langitngo when in horpresonco. Ho know hcrvaluo by. this time, and. in his softer mo ments ho had thoughts oven of raising vhet salary. At half-past ton in tho morning oil city officer are in their first fresh vigor and early mnrning enthusiasm of work. Tlio glow of the dawn, so to spoak, is upon them : the glowliugers till about liatf-past eleven, when fatigue and lan guor begin, among tho younger brethren ; at twclvo, many havo visibly rclaxod and have begun to glance at the clock, and to ivriggls on .their scats. ,'.It is., not, however, until tivoiu tho afternoon that tlio curso of labor is really, felt to weigh heavily upon tho shoulders of tha young clerk, In Air. Murridge's outer offiqt thero was no languor or fntiguo possible be cause there wits no labor either for Mr. Bicbnrd or'for the boy. It was a season of forgotfulncss. No work had been given to Dick for three weeks, cxcopt in the ovoning when thero wcro letters to be put through the press, no work was given to the office boy. During this enforced idle ness, Dick Murridgc sat tho wholo day at his tablo by tho window which commanded a view of back yards, chimneys and out. houses. He amused himself by drawing girls' heads upon Vs blotting pad in pencil. When ono pago was Covered ho turned it over and drew on the next, so that the pad had become a perfect gallery of loveliness. By dint of long practice lie could draw a girl's face very well, whether full, or in profilo, or a three-quarter face. Ho looked at 4is watch a good deal and he grumbled a good deal, and if tho office boy made any noise he used bad language, but not loud enough for his father to hear, because Mr. Murridgo was ono of those parents who rescrvo certain vices for iheir own use and forbid them to their sons. Tho office boy sat at tho table, ou which was n copying press. Although ho had nothing to do as a rule except to copy letters, this boy nover found tho day too long, or tho golden hours dull. His table, you see, had a drawer. Even to an industrious clerk a drawer is a standing temptation. To the lazy clerk it is an over present suaro ; to tho clerk who has nothing to do the drawer is a never failing solace and re- 1 source. This boy, a city bora boy, with sharp eyes and pasty face and commonplace features was able by means of his drawer to live all day long in another world. He kept it half open so that at tho least movement or sound from the inner office or change of position in young Mr. Murridgo, who sat with his back to him, he could by a quick forward movement of his chest shut tho draw-er suddenly and noiselessly and be discovered, so to speak, in the attitude" of the expectant, ready and zcnlous clerk, eager to do something which would lessen the drain of his throe half crowns a week. Inside the drawer there was alwnys a story, ono of those spirit stirring, exciting and romantic stories of adventure which can be bought for a penny and which never pall upon the reader. So that this boy'6 days wore passed in a delicious and delir ious dream of adventure, love and peril, tompered only by tho fear of being suddenly found out and horribly cuffed or even dismissed, when he would catch it worse at home under the family cane. If this boy is not beforo long enabled to livo up to his dream and become a rover, a pirate, a smuggler or a highwayman, I fear that his wholo futuro will bo wrecked. Becauso thero inevitably comes a time of hope too long deferred, when the realisation of n dream, though possible, no longer seems de lightful. Tho boy, at 18, may ceaso to desire tho lawless life ; or, if ho procures it, he may become a mere common burglar, forger, long firm man, confidential dodgo man or wclsber, Joyless, moody, apprehensive, suspicious, and prone to sneak round a corner at sight of a man En blue coat and helmet In the front room, Mr. Murridge's room, tho chief sat at a great table covered with papers- Ho was not consulting any of them. Ho had before him half a dozen cheques, and ho was looking at them with perturbed eyes. Some- timos he compared ono with another ; some times he looked at each separately ; and as ho looked his hard face grow harder and his keen eyes sharper. Six cheques. They were all drawn for tho same sum — £12 — and they were all signed by himself. One would not think that the contemplation of half a dozen cheques payable to self or bearer, signed by one's own name, wonld take a busy man from his work. Bnt they did. Abont eleven o'clock the silence of the office was broken by a light step on the stair. The boy shut up his drawer with a swift and silent jerk of his chest, so that he might be discovered with his elbows on the tablo and his hands clasping the liandlo of the copying press, a model atti tude for the zealous unemployed when tho door opened and a yonng lady nppcared carrying a black bag. This was the private sccrctarv. She nodded pleasantly to Dick, and passed through the room into tho inner office. Bnt Dick responded with a grunt. Mr. Murridgo looked up and greeted her with ' an ill tempered snort, , " Tou're late again," he said. , " I am not late," she replied. " Eleven is striking, and I never am lato, and you know it. Be just even though you are out of temper," " Your head is turned by your fathers title. I snpposo you think you can say what you like. Is tlio Honorable Norah Crouan going to con tinue in her present employment ?" '.'1 don't know. Perhaps not. Meantime thero is this enso to finish. I havo brought yon some papers you will be pleased to see." "Idont know that anything can please me this morning. Give them to me. Hnmph I Mighty little, considering the time yon'vo taken." "Hadn't you better read beforo you grumble ? That's always tho way with you when you get your fur rubbed tho wrong way. Look at this now." " Yes — will yon read it to me ?" She " stood up " to him now, and generally reduced him to good temper by sheer forco of courage. To-day, how-aver he attempted no rejoinder, bnt meekly gavo in without reply. This astonished her. Perhaps he was ill. " Go on, please." ' Norah, therefore, sat down and began to explain the nature and the beariug of lier papers. Genealogical research is really-most interesting work. You aro always hunting for someone and finding someone else. Then you go off on a dozen hunts, and you discover the most abominable falsehoods in printed pedi grees, with gaping flaws and disconnections and impossibilities just where everything looked fair and smooth. The girl enjoyed these things more than Mr Mnrrtdgc, for the simple reason that ho could never for one moment forget how much money there might be in it, Now no one over, en joys any kind of work, whether it .is.paintinga picture with a brush or painting a succession of pictures with a little, steel pen and a sheet of bine paper, who keeps thinking all the while of tho money. But while Norali told hor story n strange thing happened— a very strange thing. For tho first time in his life Mr. Murridgo was inattentive, and that over hn important pieeo of work Ho had often before been irritable, but ncTer inattentive. ' Outside, Diek Murridgo had returned to his blotting pad, and was gloomily drawing girls' heads upon it. Tho office boy opened his drawer again very gently and resumed the roading of his romance, which had been inter rupted at the critical moment when Spring- heel Jack was commencing his earliest love adventure. Tho lady was not described with any detail, hut the hoy concluded that in figure nna faco sho must have greatly resembled Miss Cronan, whom lie himself secretly loved, though ho was nwaro that ho had a rival. What would Spring-licel Jack have dono to o rival? His mistress, sinco sho was like Miss Cronan, must liavo been slender in figure, and wore a neatly fitting jacket, nnd a lint with a red feather in it. She bnd roses in her checks, dark brown linir and full steady eyes — tho boy did not yet know tho adjective, tut lie knew the quality of steadiness. She also had, liko Miss Cronan, a sweet nnd pleasant smile. The lady in his story, however, did not rcscmblo Miss Cronan in ono particular. She was not a young lady " in tho city," bnt was a countess in her own right, though disguised as a milk maid, Half an hour afterwards the girl came hack to tho outer office, her black hag in her hand ou her way to resume work upon the case. It was, howcrcr, with n sense that her work had not been appreciated. Mr. Murridgo was strangely inattentive. She shut the door after her, nnd turned to Dick, who slightly raised his right shoulder, a gesture familiar to the grumpy, and considered effective. lie then mado the snmo gesture with tho loft shoulder. This indicates unrelenting grnmpincss. , " Well, Dick," she said, waiting. Ho mado no reply whatever. Tho office boy felt that ho really ought to get up and wring the deck of his master's son for incivility. But ho was not yet man enough. Then Norah crossod the room, nnd laid her hand upon Dick's shoulder. ... " Come, Dick," she said, . " don't bo vindic tive. Lot us bo friends." "Friends 1" ho replied, "Oh! yes I know, You told me thero was nothing between yon and anybody, and next day I am told all about Hugh. Call that truthfulness, I supposo." - " It was tho truth, Dick. It really was. " I don't believe it, Sapphire." " Well. Dick, if you take it like that I've got nothing to say." - "I don't care what happens now. If any thing happens it is your fault — you and all of "What will happen, Dick?" "Anything may happen I suppose. How am I to know what will happen ?" " Well, Dick," the girl replied," I can't stay to guess riddles. Will you shake hands ?" "No, — Sapphire." Norah retired withont another word. The oflico hoy thought of Springliecl Jack and what ho would do under such provocation. But it was useless. Ho was not man enough by several inches. Half an hour afterwards there was another step upon tho stairs. Dick hastened to assume tho air of junior partner, and tho office boy once more closed tho drawer nnd grasped the liandlo of the copying press. This timo it was Dr. Hyacinth Cronan. Ho was still in tho overwhelming wavo of tho first day's enjoyment of his new honors. Yet ono might have thonglit that there was something wanting, as if the full flavor of his title had not been quite brought out. It requires time for the com plete enjoyment of everything — oven a title, llo looked, to put the thing plainly, disturbed. What had happened was simple. The family circle proved itself quite unable to separate the accession to a corouot from tho accession to a great fortune, and he had left them at break fast— her ladyship and the honornbles Daffodil, Patrick, Larn-, Kathleen and the rest — eagerly engaged in the expenditure of their new for tune, eating tho blade in the grceq, building castles in Spain, and nlready filled with all tho delights which wealth can purchase. Their father know pretty well that these hopes were illusory, nnd ho camo into the city to make sure on this point. When ho had made him self Quite sure it would bo his disnirreoalilo dnf .v to inform his family that in consequence of a certain transaction between himself and Sir. Slurridgc, in which, to put tho thing plea santly, he, their father, had been a fool, and Sir. Slurridgc had not; tliey would have nothing with tho title, nothing at all ; and that tho red lamp and tho brass plate would havo to remain in Camden-strcet until another stroke of good luck. "Is your father in his office?" ho asked, cutting short Dick Murridge's profuse congra-. tulations. " I will step in. " I expected you this morning," said Sir. Slurridgc. "I expected you would look iu. You came to talk over your new position. Well, I am not much accustomed," lie laughed a dry laugh, " to advise noblo lords." It might he remarked that before he spoke ho carefully turned over the pnpers he was examin ing so that his visitor should not bo able to read tbcm if be wished. It is - a wise precau tion, because secrets might otherwise bo read ; still it is not pleasant to tho visitor to feel -that there should ue in his case any necessity for sucli precautions. " However," he went on, "let us talk. Lot us talk, my Lord." " You need not trouble about tho titlo. I came, especially, to ask you about a certain document which I signed here "two or three years ago. "Quito so. It is in ray safe hero. For the consideration of £300, money down, you re signed, tho -whole of your reversionary interests whatever." " I rcmembcrtho transaction perfectly. Yon offered me £300 for my rcvcrsionaiy interests. I wanted tho money pretty badly, I alwaysdo. Tho reversionary rights— yon explained them- at the time that there wcro two liTes bctwoen mo and tho succession. I thought I had no more clianco of the titlo than I had of tho Crown of England, Tell me exactly what it was I sold —there arc other rights besides reversionary rights I supposo, ' ' " What you sold was your chance of succeed ing to tho property of which tho Into Lord Clonsilla was only a lifo'tennnt." "Is tlicro nothing else?" 1 . " That was all you had. to soli. Whether there was any cluuicc, or any property, yon did not inquire. Tho Into' lord has died without leaving a will, and such property as thero is goes to his heir at law." " What mado you offer mo the money ?" " Because I knew that your's was a substan tial chance." " But there were two lives, men no older than myself, betweon Lord Clonsilla and myself." " Ono of them, when you signed that paper, I know to bo suffering from a hopolcss disorder. He died in fact a fow weeks afterwards. The other had been married for fifteen yoars without children. I hoped that ha would have none. Well ; my hopes were well founded. Not only are there no children but tbo man himself Is dead. And you arc the new viscount, and what estate there is has coiuo to mc. It isn't much after all." " Yon knew this and you did not tell me ?" " I did. You thought you know nil nbont it, nnd you did not take tho trouble to enquire before you signed, Don't talk about honor, doctor, becauso in tho city thero is no such tiling. Clever people invented tho word iu order to keep other pcoplo foolish. It was sharp practico; nothing more. I was aston ished at the timo that a man of your capacity shouldn't havo mado somo enquiries before you sold your rights. Why didn't you ?" " I suppose, becauso I trusted you." " Did you suppose, then, that I was benevo lently giving you £300, . "No, I supposed wo were making a fair hot. My chance of tho small estate, what is it, a thousand a year, was worth, I thought, what you offered." "Nover think In Imsiness. Nover trust. Never believe any im>u." " " If there is no honor, there is, 1 supposo, some kind of fair play between men who deal. Do you call your play fair?"- "Yes, I do. You might have got the same information as I got. But. nover mind fair play. Tho estate is mine, and I shall send word to tho tenants that tlioy are to pay their rent to me. Do you dispute my claim ?" " I would if I could, but I fear 1 cannot;" "Think of it. Tako, legal advice about it. As for the land it is .only- a fow hundred acres, and nono of -the tenants have paid tho' rent for years, They'll have to pay up now, if there's law loft iu Ireland. "You haven't lost any thing. - You couldn't havo made them pay." " Yet your venture has turned np trutnps." " Yes, becauso tho property will be managed while you live, on veiy. different methods now." . : " You ought to havo told mc — " " Nonsense, Doctor," Mr. Murridgc inter rupted liiin, sharply. " That is not tho way in which I manage my business. I get hold of n secret nnd I uso it for my own advantage. I never suspected that you were cousin to Lord Clonsilla till you gavo mo n receipted bill, for medical attendance with your full name — Hugh Hyacinth Cronan. Never dreamed of it till tbon. Bnt when I saw that Christian name — you are all Hyacinths, yon Cronans — I began to suspect ; nnd with a question or two ' put to you, and a little examination into tho pedigree and a little information abont tho heir presump tive, I easily arrived at fho whole truth ; nnd I used that truth to tho best advantage. Why didn't you tako the same trouble to protect your rights as I did to acquire them ? " Tho Doctor mado no reply. " Honor 1 Ho talks of honor," Mr. Murridgo wont on. "Why, what is there in tho world but self-interest ? Nothing hut self-interest — which is the same thing as self-preservation. Tliat is tho instinct which makes men gather together and pass laws, nnd make pretence of charity nnd affection nnd honor and such rubbish. I've got myself to look after ; I must make money to kcop myself. I shall get old and past work, and I must make money to sup port my old ago. I make money as I can. No man can say tliat I havo robbed him" — the doctor at this point started as if thero was one exception to this general statement. Mr. Mur ridgo paused for a moment, hut as nothing was said ho went on, "I've had every advantage, nnd I havo taken every advantage. Very well then, what have yon got to say to that ? " Nothing at all," said tho doctor laughing ruefully, " nothing in tho world except that there's one kind of men who bolievo nnd ono kind who suspect. Well, I shall go back to my patients—" he rose and took his hat. " I wonder if there's ever beforo been a real vis count making np bis own pills for bis own patients in Cainden-sfrcct, Camden Town ? But I ' don't think I need chango tho door pinto. " "Wait a moment doctor— wait nry Lord," said Mr. .Murridgc, "You must not go just jot. Dear mo! Fills? Patients? For tho Viscount Clonsilla? You distress me; your Lordship _ makes ine feel as if I had not done n noblo action in — in — ill clearing tbo way for your accession. Why if it had not been for mo you would still bo plain Dr. Cronan." "That is true Mr. Murridgo." " Why Doctor— I mean my Lord— there are a thousand ways in which a titlo may bo used. Such a titlo as yours is a fortuao iu itself, nnd a certain income— a largo incorno if properly used— oven n knight can do soiuothing ; n baronet can do more ; but n viscount— oli 1 a viscount is n tower of strength —especially iu London, where all tho money is— -- 1 \- " Am I to let the title out at so much an hoar, as if it was a donkey on Hampstcod Heath? " "Sit down for five minntos. Of all men, medical mon are the least practical. Now then. Put the caso plainly. Yon are Viscount Clon silla, and you have no money except your pro fessional income and your wife's £200 a year. You havo also your children. Why to kcop up tho titlo decently you must havo £2000' at least. It can't bo dono at all with less than £2000. Shall I show you how to make that £2000?" . " It seems worth hearing, at any rate." Tho doctor sat down again. "Tho world, my lord, is divided into two classes— thoso who can uso tlioir chances and those who can't." "Very good. It is also divided into thoso who have a warm hand and those who have a cold baud." " I am ono of those who know how to nso their chances. Now and then I got such n lmnl as a man who will sell his reversionary interests. But I am not ungrateful. You sold mo a certainty for a song, and in return I will show you how to make wonoy out of nothing'. '"Gobn."-'" " To begin with, there are always com panies good and bad going to be started. Tho groat difficulty with tbcm' all is to inspire con fidence nt tho outset. For this purpose tho names of noblemen, not men 'of business in the city, aro greatly in demand. Now, do you begin to seo ?" "I do. The namoofLord Clonsilla would look well on a list of directors." " Moro than that. You yourself would look well in tho chair. There is nothing against you. An Irish peer, with a small property, who has boon a physician in practico. Come, I will ran yon. I know of moro than ono com pany already who would rejoico in appointing yon as a director. As for the qualifica tion—" " And as for their honesty and stability ?" " Thero ho goes with his honesty. Why, a company is formed to make manor. Why else should it bo formed ? Stnml in with the others, and make what you can. As for honesty, there is tho prospectus, and if you nro a director you can look at tho books." " Yes ? Is there any other way in which n man with a titlo can iu'uko monoy out of it?" "If I wore tliat.mau I would fiud out fifty ways. Why, there are pcoplo who would pay anything to have a lord dino with tlicui. There are people ivlio would pay anything to marry into a lord's family. Tlio Doctor winced. " I think," lie said " that tlie red lamp will havo to stand." " Then there is pliilnnlliropliy. Hundreds of societies for every kind of object, and nil of them wanting n lord. An iucomo might be mado out of the May meetings alouo." Viscount Clonsilla rose nnd put ou his lint. " Thank you," he said, " There was an old proverb, Noblesse oblige, which I suppose is now translated, sell everything you can and tako the highest hid The red lamp will havo to stay where it is, with tho brass'plato, and tho loss we say about tbo titlo tho bettor. Good morning, Murridgo." "Think about tho companies, Doctor. 1 know of two, nt least, where you would be re ceived at once. Think about them." " I will, I will — when I think about soiling mv Drosenco at a lailv's dinner nnrli-." "The man is afool," said Mr. Murridgo, "ho was a fool to sign away his iutorosts for a song, ;nud now -lie is going to fool away his title, A most valunblo property iu capable bands. ' Well — " then his thoughts returned to the cheques, and his faco darkened as he turned back tlio pnpers which covered them, "nnd saw thom'ngain all spread out boforo Lira. At five minutes to ono exactly there ran np tho stairs another visitor ; for tlio third timo that morning thoofiice boy jammed his drawer close nnd embraced the copying press. It was hard, becauso tlio .heroine was nt that very moment taking her famous leap from London Bridge, followed by Spring-heel Jack. He caught iier, it will bo remembered, in mid air, and gracefully swain ashore, holding her swan neck out of tho water' witli his strong loft hand. Dick Murridge did not, this time, pretend to be absorbed in business, becauso ho knew tlio step. " Como out nnd have some dinner, Dick." It was a young fellow of ono or two nnd twenty. Ho had the unmistnkeablo look of a student, not a clerk. Tho office boy know him only by his nick nnmo of Daffoiiil, but ho thought his real name must bo Spriug-hccl jncK, uecauso no bore minsclt bravely and joyously, nnd was so comely a young innu, nnd because, as all young highway men are, ho walked as if ho would rather bo dancing, and talked as if lie would rather be singing, and ho was, no doubt, extraordinarily impudent to all persons in authority. Mr. Biclinrd, on tbo other band, would not mako at all a good highwayman, becauso lio was gene rally grumpy. Nobody over heard of a grumpy highwayman ; and as for a pirate, lio may carry high spirits to the length of firing pistols under the tnblc, but lie may not bo grumpy. " Come along, Dick. I had to do somo bu siness |n tho city for my mother. I say, what a lark it is about the title. You've heard about it, liavcu't you ? " " Yos, l'vo heard. How much money is there iu it ? " " I don't know. I got homo lato last night, and expected a row. Instead of that, if you please, the Mater burst into tears, aud cried out, ' Oh I my. dear son, your father turns out to.be n real viscount iu disguise, and you nro fho Honorable Hyacinth. Upon my. word, Dick, I thought they were all gone mad together, es pecially as my father stood like a stack pig, as f ho was ashamed of himself, and Norah laughed and said, 'You are tho Honorable Daffodil, and I'm tbo Honorablo Norah, Larry is tho Honorable Larry, and Calista is tho Houorublo Calisla;' nnd then Uncle Joe wanted to say something, too, hut ho was up to the back teeth by that timo in gin and wator, aud lie could only wag his head liko Solo mon." "There must be some money iu it," said Dick. " People can't sit iu tlio IIouso of Lords without any money." We shan't be allowed to sit iu tho llonse of Lords, it seems, at nil, becauso we're Irish. Only Irish you know. My mother' talks nl ready of petitioning tlio Queen, to removo tlio desirability, which sho says is a disgrace fo tlio constitution." " My father told mo this morning. It isn't often ho tells mo anything. I say, Duff — " Diek grow very red—' ' l'vo forgotten some thing, and must go back to the oflico end set it right. We'll meet at tho usual placo in five minutes. Look here. Just cash this cheque for mo as you pnss tho bank, will you. Thanks. It will save me fivo minutes. Tako it in gold." Ho thrust au cnrolopa into his friend's hand and ran off withont waiting for au nuswor. "I will," said tlio Houorublo Daffodil. "Why should I go to tho bank land do Dick's messages for him ? I'm not his clerk, nor his fathers clerk, though Norah is. Well, never mind." The. bank lay in his way to the Cros by Hall, where they proposod to tako their dinner. He went in, presented the chequo withont looking at it, received the monoy with-, out counting it, dropped it in his pocket, and went away to tho dining placo, whore ho met Dick and gnvc him tho money. They had their dinner, aud after diuuer Daffodil went back to the hospital in Gowcr-strcct, where ho received with cheerfulness the congratulations of liis friends on his accession to tho family honors. These congratulations took tlio form common among medical students, who Lave, it must bo owned, small respect for hereditary rank. Yet, out of kindness, they promoted tbeir comrado and gave liim several steps in the peerage, calling him the right honorable, the right reverend, aud (be most noble his Boyal Highness Prince Daffodil. Ciiafteh IV. There wore six cheques lying beforo Mr. Murridge. All of thorn were. drawn for tlio samo amount. ' All of- them, in words and figures, wore written exactly alike, savo for tbo dato, Mr. Murridgo himself wrote a small and well marked hand, very neat and clear, each letter perfectly formed, Euch a hand 09 might bo cxpocted of one who had been brought up as an engraver. Yat, for that very reason, per haps easier to mistako than a common and slovenly character. Tho signatures of these cheques ware so perfectly imitated that even Mr, Murridge himself could only toll by tbo dates which were his own and which wore forgeries. - . "Six cheqnos,' ' ho said, onco more, comparing tho dates of tho chooses with his own diary. These fZ." U,CM-t,,CSC Again lie examined tbcm tlosolv W'oro open cheques, and nil drawn for 'il,/7 of twelve pounds. It .was nn osln ?L , El"" with this methodical man, a rule from h-i'm0 10 never departed, always to draw hn V 0,1 he wanted for private nnd domestic use fwT snuio amount, namely £12. This ennhi»i J.10 to know by a glnuco at tho bnnk book 1 much he spent 011 ids household andou sala wngos, personal expenses, nml office c" ' rally lio drew this £12 onco a week' vff tunes, however, he would hnve to draw off' tlmn once a week. But a cheque for £12 his signature, payablo to bearer! would' ccrlainh. bo cashed, without suspicion or donbf «i J presented across the couitcr. The fo rear T havo known tlmt practico of his tvim n know it? Ho had before him beshb>s file chcqqUoSbook.",SClrC3 1,13 baUkb00k cnscjhavbeeu' abstracted Ef'onT't!dsTook not taken altogether, which would have nude a' sensible gap in the look. 1 5i,onm im ticod that at onco, hut ono taken hew ami cue taken there, so as to cscnpo observation Tl.lt was crafty. When could 1 have left ih ' ch book lying about? And who would ho in the office when I went out leaving it lying 0u table ? Six cheques. Four have been pre! seated nnd paid. There remain tun »' Mr., Murridgc s business was not ouc which required tho continual paying iu(0 the hank 0 money and the drawing of many cheques. He uftd his bank book iuadc up once a mouth Hi- fAFr.e'aUy,fnl V.f0r 0u tllis c««ion he bad himself, while pnssiug the bnuk that very morning, thrco dnyshefore the usualtime lookoil in nnd asked for it. Therefore it was probable that the other two cheques would be both presented bcroro tho customary day of sending for tho bnnk book. Evidently the writer of the cheques know nerfrptiv won n„. routine of his oflico, as well as his si-iiaturc" " It could not be tho girl," said Mr. MiirriiW " She could nover imitate my hnudwritin/to begin with." Ho looked nt one of her papers It was written in a largo hand, rather clui.- for Norah belonged to tlio generation wh-' not been taught to write neatly ' legibly, and tho day of the fine , has quite gone by. Nobody sprawling hand as hers coi'1 ,ca (iis. tantly, Mr. MurridgoV .arly formed characters. " She '' .en tho cheques for some ono tbr .unv havo a lover Girls will do an. . their lovers. I have always thought , ,,n honest girl, Yet the man who trusts any ono is a fool. Then ho thought of the offico hoy. He, foo, was incapable of such an imitation. Yet he might have been put up to the job by some one outside. Very likely it was the bov. Most likely it was the boy. There was also a third person who knew tno routine of the office and his own customs nnd daily rules. Mr. Mur ridgc started when ho thought of this third person, nnd Iris faco hardened for a moment, bus ouly for a rnoraeut, because Ihc ycry possi bility of such a thing cannot be allowed to be considered. Ho placed ail the cheques, with the hank hook, iu his pocket, put ou his hat nnd wont slowly out of the office. Ho was so much troubled iu his mind that lie actually left his safe unlocked and all his papers lying on tho table, chcquo book and ail. This was a thing which lie had never done beforo in his life, Tlie oflico hoy observed this extraordinary neglect, nnd thought wlmt n splendid chaucc would iinvc been presented to Spring heel Jack had his tyrant master left the safe open. I11 a moment that here would have had his pockets stuffed with valuable pajlqrs giving liim tho knowledge of many a valuable secret, and in particular cuabling him to prorc the long lost heiress to tho virtuous Lord to be none other than his own Elmira, Mr- Murridgo was not the kind of person fo begiu by crying out that ho was robbed. Not nt all. Ha must first be able to lay his baud upon the man who did it. He therefore went to tho bank manager and requested an interview with tho clerk of tho pay couutcr, merely stating that one of his cheques ap peared to have fallen iuto the wroug hands. " Can yon tell mc," bo asked, "who pre sented these cheques ?" Tho clerk was paying cheques over tlie counter all day long, anil it seemed rather u wild question to ask. But there was ono thing in favor of his remembering. Tlio only per son who was oyer sent to tbo bauk with Mr. Murridge's private cheques was his sou. "I cannot remember each one. But I re member something about tlicin, because your son usually comes with these £12 cheques." " Well— what do you remember?" " 'Two or threo of these cheques — I think tbrco— wcro presented by an elderly mau with white liair nnd 0 whilo moustache, and a foreign accent, which I noticed— oh ! and he had lost tho forefinger of his right hand. Ho took tho mouoy each timo in gold, and was a long time counting it." " An olderly man with white moustache and ono finger gone. You ought to bo able to re- coguisohim." „ . , " I think I should know liim. Another of tho cheques was presented by a 'yoiing lady. I should ccrtuiuly know her," said .tlio clerk, with inoro assurnuco ; "sho was well dressed and pretty. Oh 1 I am sure I should know her." ... " Oh I is there anything else you can ten mo?" " Why, there was another clicquo presented about au hour ago." . , " Tliat makes tho fifth," said Mi', Murridgo. " Who presented that ?" , , "A young man — I think I should know — with lighthairauda lightmoustacho. Howoro a pot hat and a red nocktio, and had a flower in liis buttonhole. He walked into tho bank as it the placo belonged to him. First ho said ho would tako it anyhow, and then ho 6aid ho would tako it in gold." ' . . " And tho other two — these .two ? . " They were presented by your son, as usual. Your cheques being always for the samo amount, aud always being presented by your son, made m'o notice a difference." ' ' ' . 1 1 Thank yon. Obscrvo that I liavo mndo a littlo alteration. . This will in future bo my signature — you see tbo difference? ,Now if ® cheque is presented without this variation you will pleaso detain tbo man who presents it and givo liim in custody nnd send for mo— tuai is all." , Ho went . back to his oflico. Something vas learned. An eldorly man, with a foreign accent, who had lost one fore-finger, nao presented threo of tho cboques. A girl goon looking and well-dressed — presented another , . vouuff gentleman, in n pot lint and n red presented another. Not a great deal to Lip a detcctivo, but something. His son bad not yet returned from his dinner, .ml the office boy was still alone, ii Wlicro is the callers' book ?" lie asked. The boy produced tlio book. Mr. Murridge ma bis finger slowly down tho list, looking fori roine one to suspect. Thero was no ono. But ihc last name of all struck him. It was the 'mo of Mr. Hyacinth Cronan, junior. The only visitors that morning had been three mem- hem of tlio Croimu family. Ho suddenly re membered that Cronan, junior, had a way of walking about as if everything belonged to him ; and that ho wore a pot hat and generally had a flower in his buttonholo. Why, in a general way, bo thought the description agreed. "What did young Mr. Cronan conio hero (or ?" ho asked. »I don't know, sir. Ho came for Mr. Itichard. They went out together at ono o'clock." flfr, Murridgo gazed thoughtfully at tho boy. Young Cronan might havo colled at the bank on bis way.' "Go to your dinner," he 6nid to the boy, "Vim foy took his hat and disappeared in tre pidation, bscauso tho History of Springhcel Jack was in tho drawer. Suppose his master was to open that drawer and discover it 1 This was exactly what Mr. Murridge proceeded to jo. Ho opciied tho boy's drawer, and examined it very carefully. There was nothing in it at all except a boy's penny novel, which lie turned over contemptuously, taking no heed of the way in which tho boy was spendiug his office time. What did it matter to him what tlio hoy did so long as bo got through his work ? It is not until middle hgc that we learn a cer tain truth. It is not .one' of tlio most impor tant laws, yet it is not without its uses, that nobody cares how we do-s'pend our time, every man boing fully occupied with the spending of his own time. Mr. Murridgo nover con sidered for n moment what anybody did, even his own clerks. Every person employed by him meant so much a week, for which lie ex pected n good deal more than nn equivalent in Ituril labor. The rest of his time, if there was any'Kftpver, lie might devote to any amuse ment whickjiieascd him best. When MoVIurridgo was quite satisfied in his own mind that there was nothing in tlio boy's drawer ho turned to his sou's table. ' Ho did not lit the least suspect his son, or couuect him with tho lost cheques, hut it was his uaturo to search every where, even in the loa9t likely places. His pro fession was to search for missing links. Ho knew that anywhere ho might find a clue. He therefore opened tho drawers, turned over the papers and even examined thoblottirig pad, hut observed nothing, except that tlio blotting paper was full of girls' heads drawn in pencil very prettily, if ho had oxumiucd them from an artist's point of. view. "Tlio boy does think of something then," said Mr. Murridge, "if it is only of girls. Perhaps ho will wake up now." Hick was, in fact, wide awako, and had been awake for a long timo. " Girls' heads. Well, he is young and believes in women. Yoiuig men very often do." On the shelves round tho room were piles of old letters, documents of no more use to any one, account books nud nil the litter of thirty years' accumulation. But to search through this mass of papers, black with dust, would take too long. He stood beside his son's tablo meantime, troubled in his mind, not knowing what to look for or whom to suspect. His son found liiin.wlien lio returned from dinner at two o'clock standing in the outer oflieo studying apparently tho pictures on the blotting pad. "Dick," ho said, " como into my room. Shut tho door. Look here. Ho you kuow these cheques?" He looked at the cheques and not at (lis son ns he spoko. Therefore ho did not observe the change of color which passed swiftly over the young man's face followed by a quick hardening of tlio month. " Ho you kuow these cheques?" Hick took them up ono by one and looked at them carefully, hiking his time over each. Then ho replied slowly, and in a husky voico, " Why, thoy are only tho cheques which 1 havo cashed for yon, are they not ? " How many cheques havo yon cashed for mo in the last three weeks? Think. Look at the dates. They have all been presented during the last three weeks." There was no doubt as to that, fact at least. " Five out of tho seven, Dick, are forgeries. I.Iiavo been robbed." " Impossible," said Hick. " So I should havo said yesterday. To- duy I can only repeat, I liavo been robbed." Hick showed a facO full of astonishment. ' Who ctin havo robbed yon ?" ho asked, "That, you see, is what wo bavo to find out. And what, by. Georgo, I will find out. I will find out Hick." Ho rattled tho keys in his pocket. It is generally supposed that only persons of .great resolution rattle their keys wliou they resolve. This mokes thpaction terrifying. If Ido nothing else for. tho next twelve months I.- will find .oat. I; have boon, rolffied of sixty pounds. . Sixty, pounds. -. That won't break mo. It" isn't .the.; money .so much : as, tho. villainy which troubles, mo,.; Villainy , about llie. office. i . Villainy at. my very clbbw I'll find out , who did, it, Dick. And then wo \- will see; what the law can do.; . Somo men when ilioy are. robbed— oil I . I know it goes on qvory day — sit down and hear excuses and forgive the villain. They let tho wife or the daughter come to them and cry, aud then lot tho fellow go. That is not my sort, Dick. I will catch this fellow wherever he is. I will track him down. Ho had better have robbod a bank— which is Bound never to forgive-i-than have robbed me." "How— how— asked Dick, clearing his throat again, "how do' yon proposo to find \- him?", ; "As for the amount," Mr. Murridgo re peated, "it. isn't .much. . Sixty pounds, Tho .interest of sixty pounds at five and a half per coat., which. I can' get, if; anybody enn, . is tln-ce.' pounds six . shillings yearly, i An estate in porpotuity .wortii threo pounds six shillings yearly has been stolen from iuo. From you, too, Dick, because I suppose," here ho stopped to lioavo a sigh. Tho common lot is hard, hut hardest of all to a man who is making monoy — " I suppose I shall somo day havo to leavo things behind ma like everybody eiso. Threo pouuds six shillings a year. Think how long it takes to eavo that. A littlo perpetual spring, so to speak. Who has done it? you say. That is just exactly what wq- havo to find out. And, by Georgo, Hick. I'll 'nover rest — never, and I'll novor let you rest either, until - I havo found out tho man. And then I shall not be satisfied until I havo tho fellow under iock and key for seven. years or for fourteen years, or as much as I can get him. Forgery ought tobo made a capital offence. It was once. Its the only way to protect tho sacred- ncss of money and to maintain tho safety of a bank," ' Two men there are who particularly resent uciug robbed. The ono is the man born to great possessions. Ho is always obliged to trust people, aud he is the natural prey of the crafty. Ho fools personally insulted by a breach of trust, because it seems to accuse him of being credulous, soft, ignorant of tho world aud easily taken in. The other is tho man who spends his life in amassing small gainsand kuows tho " value of money ; " what it represents ; how mticli labor, self restraint and the foregoing of this world's pleasures for the sake of getting it, and very often how many tricks and what crookedness in his pilgrimage. Mr. Murridge was tho second of theso men. His son watched hiin curionsly and furtively as lio continued wrathfully threatening vengeauco and relentless pursuit. " Well Sir," Dick asked presently, when the storm subsided, "as yet you have not told me any particulars." "I'm comiug lo them. I don't know very mucin But I nm sure it will prove enough for a beginning. Mauya great robbery lias been discovered 'with fewer facts than these. Now, listen, and get tlicm into your head, A clever detective would very soou get a cltic out of what I have heard." Ho proceeded to relate briefly what he al ready knew. " Havo yon got them all ?" lie lisked, ' "Sit down first aud make a note of the dates. They may be important. Bemcinhor, an elderly luau, witii a white moustache and a forcigu ' accent, nud one fore linger gone. Why there ain't two ineu iu the town witii all those marks. Aud a girl and a yotmg fellow with light hair, a pot hat, a red necktie aud a swnggeriug air," "It is not much to remember," said Dick. "But why do you want me to remember them so particularly?" "Because I want vou to find the thief, Dick." His son started and lifted his head. " What? " ho said. "I want you to.find the villuiu, Dick," Mr. Murridge repeated. "Me to find him?" " You shall show mo the stuff you arc made of. You'll never mako a genealogist worth your salt. " It's poor work spending your evenings over your mother's piano, aud your days drawing girls' heads ou a blotting pad. I don't believe you are without bruins, Dick ; aud hero's a cliuuce for you to show what you can do." " Yes," said Dick, thoughtfully. "Besides, I don't waut to mako a fuss about the matter. Let us work quietly, without tho police aud the bauk nud all. I don't want to arouse suspicion anywhere." "I sec, said Dick. "Yon want tho — tho man who did it not to know you have even found out tho forgery." "That's it. It shall ha your work. It will he nil occupation for you. Got to the bottom of the case. Take a week over it. Tiiiuk of nothing else. You can work at it in your owu way. If you want- moucy I will find it for you. Come to this office or iiot, just as you please. Do not speak lo mo about it for a whole week. At tho end of that timo if you havo found aiiy clue or mudo any progress let iuo know. If you liavo not, I will tuko it up myself. Lord ! I should mako a beautiful detective. I've often thought that I should liko tho work. But there's no money in it." Dick received these commands with profound amazement. " Go to the police if you like. But I would rather you kept it entirely iu your own bauds. Anyhow, I don't care how you find it out. Here, take tho cheques — you muy waut thorn — und the cheque book. That may bo useful. Don't let the book lie about, though it would be of no use to anybody, because I've takeu tlio precaution to stop the numbers. And as for tlio sixth of the stolen cheques — tlio ono which is not yet presented, niy boy, particularly if we keep quiet aud nothing is said — I'm in great hopes that the fellow will liavo tho impudence to hand it across tlio couutcr to-day or to morrow, when that joker will bo pleased to find himself asked to slop into tho manager's room, whilo tho police arc called in to escort him be fore tlio Lord Mayor. And us for my signature, I've altered it ; and it will be a good long time bcfoio anybody gets the chaiico of getting iny chequo book again." " I — I will do my best," said his son. "At present I confess — " " Mind Dick, when you'vo got anything that looks liko a ciuo follow it up, follow it up, never mind who it is." ' Ho was thinking, I am ashamed to say, of his private secretary,' per haps iu such a cose even impossible persons must bo thought of. " Follow up any. clue which offers wherever it may lead yon. ' If yon find reasons to suspect — even slight reasons to suspect — anybody — anybody, I 6ay— find out where' that persoulias lately spent liis time, and what money ho has, paid away,' ; and to what people, and how ho bos paid it. Find out his associate's. .Then find out theoi.' , If necessary make yourself clinmmy with them, ' make 'them bqliovo that you 'wont to. cultivate their "ac quaintance, go to their places of amu'seinoiit— uiiud.'not'a'wbrd to any liviugcrcaturo." Not a' word," his son repeated shortly. He held in his hand the cheques and ciicquo book, aud ho had a strango look of astonishment and hesitation. " Why," Mr. Murridgo continued, " what a poor miserable sneaking thief ho must he. Ho had six cheques and ho. could forgo my name so well that 'oven I myself cannot toll, tho dif ference among tlioso seven cheques. .1 only know my owu cheques by tho numbers and in tho hook. Yet ho fills tliein up for no more than £12. Ho will bo arrested, committed, tried and sent to penal servitude for £60. Why ho might hare made it a couple of hundred. But ho did not know my balance, I suppose. Well,- find -him for mo, Dick. Don't let. ino havo the tronhlo of hunting him down." "I will do my best, sir," said Dick, but ho lookod as if lie thought doubtfully of tho job. "Now there's something else, only , the cursed forgery interfered. It's tho Clonsilla succession. It is "I, you know, who gave the Doctor his title. " "You?" " No other. He knew, of course, that he was a distant cousin. But lio never dreamed of tlio titlo getting to him. And threo years ago, Hick, three years ago, when I talked tlio thing over with him aud showed him that two lives stood between him and the title, ho sold his re versionary rights to me for a song, and now the reversion is mine," " I thought thero was no inonoy in it." " There's a small Irish estate, which at pro- sent is worth nothing because tho tenants won't pay. We shall see about that. But there's a snug littlo English property, Dick, about which the Doctor knows nothing. It isn't a groat thing hut there's n house upon it with a few acres of land and it stands in n good posi tion. I think it is let .for £200 a year, my boy, with a good tenant. The late lord lias left no will and so this property goes with the Irish estate to the Doctor ; that is, to inc. I'm a landed proprietor, Dick, and you are my heir. Yon shall bo a landed proprietor, too, by Gad, when your time comes." Ho rubbed his hauds cheerfully. His son's face, which ought to havo respouded witii somo kiud of smile, only darkened more anil more. That was perhaps his way of expressing joy. " Wo might retire from business," Mr. Mur ridgo continued. " Many a man would ho satis fied with what I have saved ; but any fool could retire. The wise nun stays on aud makes more money. Much more money he makes, lie is nover satisfied with his pile aud with the joy of seeing it grow. It pleases him to think how much lie will leave behind him. Tho wiso sou docs not retire either ; lie stays at homo and makes more money. As much mora as he cau. And ho impresses . ou his children,' too, the duty of making money, nud so . by degrees a great family is built up. The Doctor," lio wont on cheer fully,. '! is tho greatest fool I know. He parted with his . rights. without making any inquiries just as if lio expected jno to he giving him tlio money. Why, if lie had taken tlio trouble to inquire, ns I did,. hanging about the neighbor hood, aud talking, and sitting on bars with brandy .and water, which is the best way possible to find out everything, he would liavo learned as I did that ono of the two lives had an incurable disorder and the other was married for twenty years without children. It was a certainty, Dick, from the beginning. Of course I didn't tell tho Doctor that. I showed him that it was a chance. Aud so it was to those who hadn't learned tho facts. The old Lord -might have married again ; ihc two cousins might havo had children. I know, however. But I never thought tlio property would fail iu so soou ns it has done. 'Hurt's where tho chance came in. Why, tho cousin who died threo months ago, at the age of 55 — my age — might havo lived for thirty years longer. The Doctor is a great fool. " Ho must bo," said Dick. " Aud he's shown himself a greater fool since. Why, you'd hardly beliovc it — this very morning when lie was iiere, I gave him tho best advice possible. I told him how to make money nut of his title, and lie put on a grand air, talked about honor and walked off. Ho isn't fit to have a titlo. Honor aud tho rest of it ! A foolish sentimental person! As if we in the city lived for any other purpose tlinu to prey upon each other. Honor ? It means keeping within tho Law. -What else does it mean? Awl respecting the sacrcdiiess of money. Well, Dick, I hope you are satisfied with my conduct of that case ? Wo shan't forget the Clousellacaso iu a- hurry; shall wo? Go now nud begin to conduct" your case. I shall he anxious to have a report from you next week." Tho thought of that snug littlo English estate made him so cheerful that he forgot his wrath -concerning tlio forgery. "It 'will be a cheering thing," ho said, re curring to the subject, " when the case is com pleted, for you to thiuk of the man you have conducted to tlio Lord Mayor aud afterwards to tlio Central Criminal Court. For £60 — tlio petty sum of £60— lie will liavo pur chased the exclusiro use of a whitewashed apartment rent free, for seven or perhaps ten years. Thero will he other advantages: tho privilege of a whole year spent alone with au hour's exerciso every day ; then a good many years of healthy employment without any beer or wine or tobacco and no amusements and no idlo talk. Aud when at last ho comes out it will bo to a 'world which will turn its back upon hiui for the rest of .his natural life. The baud of justice is heavy in tins country on the man who invades the rights of property ; but the baud of society is ten times as hard. So it ought to be ; so it ought to bo. For if pro perty is not hold sacred who would try to make money ? Dick went back to his own dosk, bearing witii him the cheques aud the cheque hook. He sat down and began to think. Ho had a week in which ho would be left quite undisturbed to find out tho forger. A good deal may be done in a week. If he failed his father would take up tho coso himself — liis father, whoso scent was as keen as a bloodhound's, and whoso pur suit would bo as unreleutiug. Ho had a week ! For tlio moment ho could not think what was to bo done; ho had no clue, perhaps, or per haps he was not satisfied as to tho best way of following up a cine. Porhaps tlio problem pre sented itself to him ns it would to an outsider. Given a robbery and a forgery. Tlio robbory must havo been committed when Mr. Murridge wus out ; that' was certain; tho forgery must have been committed by somo ono well acquainted with ."his custom' of drawing £12 chcquos as well . as . 'ablo . to imitate signature. The. only per ions who had access to the inner offico' in Mr. Murridgo's absence were himself,' Norah Cronan, the oflieo hoy nud tho housqkeeper,' but the latter only when tho offices' were closed and on Sundays. Sus picion might fall upon any of these four, hut especially upon himself and upon Norah. He put things quite clearly lo himself. As for tho office boy no one would suspect him ; he was too great a foal even to think of such a crimo ; and the housekeeper, too, was out of tlio question. There remained as tho most likoly pcrseus to bo suspected, himself and Norah. Having got so far, lie . remained there, unablo to get any further, in fact, ho came back to it again and again. . "Myself and Norah," lie thought, " it , must lio be tween us two. It. must lie belwepn us," Tlio offico boy watched hinr- curiously. From his position ou tho other side of . the firoplaco ho looked so to speak over Dick's shoulder aud could watch htm unseen aud un suspected. Thero were certain special reasons, in fact they wore concealed to tlio pocket of his jacket— why tho offico boy thought that somothing was going to happen. There were other reasons, such as a groat incroaso in Mr. Bichnrd's sulkincss, a jumpy manner which had lately como over him and his ruilo- noss to Miss Cronan, which mado the intelligent boy bolievo that something was going to happen very soon. Then Mr. Murridge Had been shut up with his son for three-quarters of nn hour. That meant tilings unusual. And now Jlr. Richard, instead of drawing girls' heads, was sitting in moody thought. You know how strangely, when the mind is greatly exercised and strained, one remembers somo little trifle or forgets some littlo habitual thing, such as brushiug tho hair or putting on a collar. _ Diek'a eyes fell upon his pocket book, which lay upon liis desk. It was ono of tlio small diaries which gave a certain small diary for every day in the year and a pocket for letters. It belonged, like his purse aud ids bunch of keys, essentially to his pocket. Yet ho could not remember when ho had last carried it in his pocket. Consider, if you are accustomed to a bunch of keys in your pocket, you do not feel their presence, but yet yon miss them when they are no longer there. Diek becqmo suddenly conscious that for some time — perhaps an hour, perhaps a whole day, perhaps more, ho had uot felt the presence of his pocket book. But his miud had been so much occupied by pressing nnxietios which besot him about this tiiui, that ho had noticed the absence of the book half consciously. Now that lie saw it lying on the table lie snatched it np and began turning over tho pages, at first confidently, tlicu hurriedly, as one looks for somothing lost. There was something lost. Ho shook out the leaves ; lie looked through tliein again; he searched tho empty pocket. Then he searched his own pockets. The hoy behind him watched with a broad grin of satisfaction, as if lie understood tho cause of this distress. Then Dick sprang'from his chair, and lookod under the table aud ou the floor, in the blotting pad, in tho letter rack "aud in the drawers ; then lie began all over again ; no Greek, mime ever expressed more vividly the anxiety, dismay, and terror of one who, has lost a tiling of vital importance. The boy folt us if he should liko to roll oa the floor ami scream, " Havo you picked up anything, you hoy?" Dick turned upon htm fiercely, so that lie was fain to repress flic smile upon liis lips and tho light of joy iu his eye. " Como here, you littlo devil." The boy obeyed with composed face and secret trepidation. Because there was somcthiug iu his jacket pocket which he urdontly desired to con ceal from Mr. Richard. " liavo you picked up anything at all ?" he asked agaiu. " What is it?" tho boy asked by way of reply. " Is it money dropped ?" " You measly littlo devil, why don't yon an swer? Havo you picked up anything? It is something of no importance to anybody — a hit of pink paper." " I haven't picked up anything," replied tho hoy sullenly. 'I've a great mind to search you," said Dick, catching hiin by tho coat collar. " You're as full of tricks ns you can stick." " Search me then. Oh! yes, search mo. I'll go and call the Guv'ucr, and ask him to search me, if yon liko. You just let me go, or I'll scream aud bring out the guv'ner, and ask him to search me." Dick drepped tiic coat collar instantly. " Look hero," he said, "do you kuow this pocket hook ?" " Never saw it before iu my lite." This I regret to say was a falsehood." Tho hoy had seen it many times before. Ever)' day Mr. Richard drew that book from his pocket and wrote in it, aud then put it back." " You came here before me this morning. Was it oil my desk when yon came ?" " Don't know. Never saw it there. Never saw it before iu my life." Dick began to thiuk ho was wrong. The book must have been in his pocket : lie must have taken it out without thinking. But where was tho ..." You boy," lie said, " if you are lying, I'll break every bone in your body." Modern boy is so constituted that this threat does not terrify him ill the least. Nobody's bones are brokcu now-a-days. It is true that every geutlenuiu lias tho right to whack and wallop liis own son, and sometimes docs it, but with discretion, otherwise the school board officer will find him out. " I dou't care. Calljtho Gitv'nor aud tell hiin what you want. I duu kuow what you've lost. AVliat is it tlicu ?" " I'va lost a — a paper. It was iu this hook. " " What sort of a paper ?" Dick made no reply. Porhaps tlio lost piper would he in his own room. Stung by the thought that it might bo lying about some where, he put ou his hat and went hurriedly away. "What sort of a paper was it?" asked the boy. "If you give over threatening I'll help look for it. What sort of a paper ?" " Hold your tongue. You can't help. I'vo looked every where." "Porhaps," said tho. boy, persuasively — " perhaps it was the housekeeper." Very few people think of tlio housekeeper. Yet there is always one in every houso let out for ofiiccs. Slio is elderly, and gets no older — nobody ever heard of a housekeeper in the city dying — and sho is generally a grandmother with a daughter, always a widow, aud threo or four littlo children ; they novor grow, and are always littlo. ; All the weok long tho children are hidden somewhere in tho basement. On Saturday afternoons and Sundays -they come up aud nave a high old time, becauso the front door is closed, nud tho placo is. deserted aud tlio whole houso is . their own.. Then the office doors are thrown open and the children run races in tlio most sacred apartments, and open nil tho drawers and ransack their contents and niako thomsolvos acquainted with tlio clerks' secrets and tlio chief's hidden, decanter of sherry; and read all. the private journals and pick up tlio odd lead pencils and provide themselves with .steel pons, penholders,, blotting paper, note paper, lottor paper, foolscap, indiarnbber, envelopes, nud, in all ill-regulated offices, with postago stamps as well. Diek rang the, boll for tho housekeeper, She declared, which was quite true, that she had fouud nothing aud carried away no papers. Sho had children, iii the house,, hut unliko children in somo ' offices she could name, her children were never allowed in her offices on Saturdays and Sundays, whoa they were empty. So sho withdrew again, and tlio lost paper was no nearer recovery. Perhaps Dick had loft it in his owu room at homo. Pierced by the thought-, as with an arrow, ho seized his hat and left the offico. Then the office hoy sat. down ,ihl Mr.; Richard's chair and put liis ".hands' "juto". his trousers' pockets and spread his legs out ' nud grinned from ear to oar. "It's coming fast," he said, "Lor! ' Iwisli he had searched me. What would the Guv'ner have said whou this little envelope was found in tho other jacket pocket? Aud what would Mr. Richard have said? I'm a measly little devil, nm I ? and Miss Cronan she's a Sapphicr, which rhymes with liar and goes with Ananias. I'd heard a boy called Ananias, but never n girj called Sapphicr. Sophy I know, bat not Sapphier. lio could not resist the temptation of draw-- iug out the two envelopes, aud looking at the contents. " Shall I," ho said, " knock at the Guv'ncr's door and give him those two envelopes at once, or shall I wait ? I thiuk I'll wait. Ha ! The time will como. Then I shall jump upon him. Then I shall make him wriggle. Then I shall see him curl. This boy had not read the history of Spring- heel Jack in vain But neither at home nor anywhere else could Dick Murridge find that piece of paper, and the loss of it filled him with anxiety. Chapter V. — A Steady Youxa Man's Evenixo. That secluded corner of London which lies hidden behind the three great stations, and is separated from tire rest of tho world by the Ilampstead-road on tho west and tho St. Pancras-road on tho east, is a commonplace quarter, and mean of appearance, contains many houses and harbors many families whoso histories, were they known, would show as romantic aud as wonderful and as deeply laden with pathos aud interest as any moated grange or shield of sixteen qunrtoriugs, . Ono of theso houses — for reasons which will . bo immediately obvious it is not necessary or advisable to name the road in which it stands- is devoted, so to speak, to the nightly conjuring . up of certain emotions among those who are privileged to enter its walls. No melodrama placed on the boards of any theatre arouses more fiercely and more certainly the passions of terror, anxiety, rage, despair and frantic joy t liun the simple Passes of tho great Magician who practises nightly in this house. It is nothing more to outward view than a tavern — a corner houso with a sign board and a bar of- many entrances, Yet it iias pretensions somewhat abovo tho common, for at ono side is a private door, inscribed with the legend, "Hotel En trance," It is a quiet and orderly house, doing a good family trade iu a quarter where beer is truly the national beverage, and with regular takings. Thero are novor any rows iu this houso ; the landlord has no occasion to per suade tho policeman to partial blindness; and tlio renewal of tho licence has never been opposed. Tho spells'Of magic and mystery are worked on the hrst floor, which is let off for a club, which meets hero overy evening, all the year round, except on Sundays. The members would meet on Sundays as well if it wore per mitted. It isnotaciub of working meu, nor can it truthfully be culled a club of goutlemen, unless the widest possible licence is nllowieil in the uso of that term. On the other hand, the members would be very much offended if they, collectively, were addressed otherwise than as gentlemen, aud they wear black coats all day long, which is, in a way, tlio outward livery and badge of a gentleman. Yet very few among them possess such a thing as a dress coat, so that, perhaps, tiicy are ouly gentlemen hv courtesy. It is, further, a proprietary club, there is no committee . of management ; thero is no ballot ; there is no election of mem bers ; there is no book for candidates' names ; there is nothing but liio proprietor. Ho alone admits the members, regulates the time of opening and closing, establishes the tariff for drinks and tobacco, and is the autocrat, despot and absolute ruler of the club. There is not even any entranco fees or subscription. Yet tho greatest precautious are takeu iu the admission of members, and n man stau-ls without to keep off persons who havo not received the right of catry, and, perhaps, to prevent tho club being disagreeably surprised. At seven o'clock every oveniug tho club opcus. It is not a political club, because politics nra never even touched upm ; nor is it a social club, for the meinbors do not converse together after tho manner of ordinary mortals; nor is it a club founded for tho advance of any cause or for the promotion of any art, or for any scientific or intellectual objects whatever. Yet it is a club where tlio conversation is always animated, and even iuterjcctional, though sometimes monotonous. It is also ab sorbing, and it briugs all heads bent together ; it makes all eyes strained, everybody's face anxious an! eager; nud it is so witty, so clever, so biting and epigrammatic, that at' everything that is said some laugh and shout, and some sigh, weep, and cvou curse. It is, lastly, a club which contains everything which the members want to make ihoiu completely happy, though unfortunately tho members caunot always get what they want, and what they come for. At eight o'clock iu the evening the club is generally in full swing. Any one look ing in at that hour would find a group of trior sitting at a table, or an arrangement of tables, in the middle of the room, lit by half a dozen candles. The. men would, bo fully absorbed in ' their, occupation, with facc3 as gravo ns if they ; were in church, and eyes as nuxious as if they - were about to have a tooth out. Tho visitoi ; would also perceive eight or nine small tables planted about the room, each provided with a pair of candles, and each occupied by two men, And ho would see a small sidoboard or buffet, . provided with decanters and glassos, cigars and cigarettes, and the usual trinuniugs, behind which stood a young lady of bar maidenly loveliness. For tho look of the thing thero wore champ gua bottles, bnt the customary drink was Scotch whisky or bottled stout. A dozen men were standing together about the liar drinking or talking to the girl. They were those who had como too late for a placo, and. were' waiting their turn " Tho' atmosphere was- thick" and heavy with tobacco smoke. There was also an open piano, but no ono regarded it. ; Among the iablos and among those who sat out there moved continually a inau rather'smta of statnro but of good proportions, of stmighl 'iuid regular features, and very carefully dressed. IIo was now advanced in life, being perhaps ' 60 years of age. Ilis hair was White, and ho wore a heavy white moustache. A cigarette was always between his lips ; liis voico was soft and gcutlo, and he soeino.l to havo something frioadly to say to every one of tlio mombors ; his smile was'kindly ; his eyes bonovolcut ; ha toughed easily and musically ; and ho was so frioudly "sympathetic that not a man in tho room but believed that tho Count was his own private, porsonal and particular friend. They called him the Count, just to 6how their great respect ; ho did not himself claim the tltlq though perhaps he was a Connt in his own ionntry, or oven a Duke, Marquis or Prince ; for ho was by birth an Italian, and his enrds boro tho simplo name of Siguor Guiseppe Pira- nesi. Ho had lost tho forefinger of 111s right band in a duel, it was understood, about a lady —no doubt n princess. Everybody believed that tho Count had boon in his day a terrible breaker of ladies' hearts. In plain words, tho placo was ft gambling club run by this Italian who was so good n friend to all tho members. Not, it must be understood, exactly a Crockford, but a suburban second-class club, fnc members of which were chilly tradesmen dwelling in and about the jbeigbborhood, and clerks, young and old, in Which the stakes were in silver, not in gold, and the group in tho middle of tho room were playing baccarat, while the smaller tables were occupied by tlioso who plnycd dcartrf or any other gamo of two at which money may he lost or won. Thn rich classes have their gambling clubs ; tho workmen liavo their clubs where they gamble — u distinction without much difference — in these days of cqnnlity why in tho uanio of common justice and humanity should not the iniddlo classes — tho great, virtuous, honorable, religions, high-minded middle classes, have their gambling clubs as well ? Tho gamo of baccarat, as perhaps every one may not know, is playod at an arrangement of tlirco card tables set side by side, the middle ono being generally much smaller than tho other two. Even players sit at each of the huge tables, and two — tiro dealer and bis partner, who keeps tho bank — sit at the small table opposite to each other. The dealer gives two cards to the player on his right, two cards to tho player on his left and two to his partnor. Before tho cards are turned up every player places his stake before hira — tho amount is limited, and in this small and unpretending cotcrio tho limit is, one is ashamed to say, 5s. only, most of the players hazarding Is. Tho two players who receive the cards play each for his own table : tho dealer for himself. The stakes jplaccd, each player looks at his hand. If ho has a natural, that is a combination of curds making in tho aggregate 8 or 4 — ho shows his card and all the tables are paid by the dealer, If the dealer lias a natural he is paid at oncc. If tho player has not a natural ho can order ono more cord. The players on the right and left of the dealer go on playing so long as they beat the dealer. As soon as ono of them is beaten he resigns in favor of tho man next to him. There are other rules in this game, but theso are suiTicicnt. There is no play in it ; all ie, as the true gambler loves to bavc it, pure chance. Tho player is left to tho ono thing dear to his heart, only the exercise of judgment, nudacity and perseverance in tho amount of his stake. It seems as if the chances were equal all round, hut, somehow, the dealer is supposed to be in tho least desirable position, and the players havo to take turns to be dealer The men nt tho tables in this vnlgar little gambling don were mostly young, somo of them were hoys who had not long left school ; young clerks" in the city who brought tticir shillings in tho hope of turning them into pounds, and played with flushed cheeks, quiver ing lips, and eager eyes. Some were middle aged, and seemed to be, as they were, trades men, shopkeepers in the City-road or the Comdcn-road. Their shops were left to the care of tlicir wives and daughters, or to shop girls, while tlicy came, niglit after night, to tempt fortnne at tho green table. Tho huniano pcr- Eon feels a profouud pity when he considers the position of the small shopkeeper, because lio has to light such a desperate battle against want of capital, want of credit, over-competition, and the stores, and because the donl is always wispering in his car " They all cheat. Yon must cheat too, if you wish to get on." Yet it mnst bo owned that tho small shopkeeper is not always the highest typo of Englishman, and in many cases it would be lielter for him to remain in tho cold, bat wholesome, discipline of clerkly or sliopmanly servitude, when" perhaps he would novcr ho tempted to go lusting after tho fiercer joys of gaming. Some of the players were quite old men, whoso fingers trembled as they made their game, whoso hands could hardly hold the cards and who clutched at the table when the players turned them up and laughed when they won and groaned miserably when they lost. They wore as ficrco and as eager as tile boys — more eager becanso of all tho joys in life this was nearly tho only ono left to tiiem. At the table ihey could feel once more the blood coursing tlirou< h tbeir veins, the delicious trembling of hope and fear, the bounding pulso of victory. Play made these old men young again. At the West End the old men whose work is dono play whist every day. At this club at St. . Pancra3 they play baccarat. The principle is mnch the same, savo that in Pall Mull skill is joined with chance, and the gamo is not alto gether blind. Some of those at llio table were smoking, bat not many. The thing becomes too serious for even cigarette smoking, when not ono of the players can lose half a crown without feeling tho loss and suffering for it afterwards. Some were drinking whisky and water, hut not many, becauso if you want to win yon must keep, your head cool. Tho surest way to cure a dipsomaniac is to make him a gambler. Men who gimrblo do not drink — tliat is, men who gamble seriously. 1'iay is a mistress whom though sho drags down her lovers more surely than Ahola and Abo- libali, more swiftly flian strong drink, more miserably than opium or uhsinthc, these lovers, the deeper she plunges them in the miro and filth of disgrace arid degradation, only love her the more fondly. When the hoys have lost their money they will go away and get more — somehow, by borrowing, by pledging, oven by stealing and embezzling. Thoir mistress cravos perpetually for more. Those who love licrrausl bring money in thoir hands. No other gifts will ' do. 'Sho;mut have gold and silver coins ; and if they want to woo licr they must find those coins ''somehow. 'Sho novcr asks how they find tha money ; she' has no suspiciops," arid 'slio has ho ' scruples sho doc3 not care. ' Whetiier tho money is honestly earned or stolen mattes nothing to her. Therefore there will como a day in tho lifo of one or two young men now torn by tho rap tures and tho anxieties with which the goddess rewards her votaries, when there will be an emigrant ship in the London docks, ready to bo towed outs and on the deck, among the steerage passengers, a lad — ono' of theso very lads — standing with a look half of shame, half' - of definnco. Ho has gambled, away homo and friends, character and -place.' When j the boll rings and his father wrings his hand /or the last timo, ho will break dawn t with tears, in thinking of what ho has done nud what Ire lias lost. Yet the next day, out in tho Channel, he will bo courting his mistress again with on old pack of cards and another youth liko minded. Or there is a worse ending still for oue or more of these young men ; an onding in a police court, where n young man stands in her Majesty's royal dock shameful and is com mitted "by the mngistrato. As for this middle aged tradesman here, who comes hero every night to play away his profits and his capital, liis credit, character, substanco and stock ; presently his shop will he shut, and with wife and children, this gentleman will go away und vanish into tho unknown depths, known only to the district visitor, tho charity organisation society and tho rent collector. They will very likely rescue the children and nlloviato tho lot of tho wife, but tho man's caso is hopeless, be cause at every depth there is a den somewhere for those who havo a penny to risk and to lose. As for the old men, they will go on as long as they can drag their limbs up the stairs, and 1 suppose tho time is not far distant when per- forco they must cease to come and obey re luctantly the summons to go away to a placo where perhaps there will ho no games of chance. Among tho players attliemiddletahlesatDick Murridgc. His father wus right in mistrusting a boy who went about his work liko a machine, and seemed to have no passion, no pursuit, no ambition, who committed no small follies, and had none of tho headlong fnults of ardent youth. Dick, in fact, had a pursuit. It was absorbing and entrancing ; ho followed it with ardor every evening of tho week. It was a pursuit which brought into play, in a very remarkable degree, the maxims which his father had taught him. It requires, for instance, no law of honor, except that if you conceal cards, or play false, or do not pay up, you are out-kicked ; it makes no fool ish pretences about friendship, philanthropy, charity or any stuff of that kind. At tho bac carat table every man is for himself. No skill is wanted, no dull working and daily practice in order to acquire dexterity, which would not he of any use; the whole object of the pursuit is to winmoncy. Of all the eager crow who sat at that fable there was not ono who was more absorbed in tbe game than Dick Murridgc. Tho others shouted and swore great oaths when they won or lost. Dick rnado no sign, his face betrayed no emotion. The quiet gambler is tho most determined and the most hopeless. By the side of Dick sat, afas 1 young Daffodil Cronan. He was by no means a silent player. Ilis face was flushed with excitement, liis hair tossed, his lips were parted, and at every turn of the cards lio gasped whether it brought him victory or loss. Only if ho won ho laughed olond. Tho Connt stood watching tho game. Ho was a most obliging proprietor. If nuyone wanted to shirk his turn at holding the hank, the Count would toko it for him, smiling cheer fully whether ho lost or won ; or, while he stood out," if any wanted to play dearie', poker, monty, bezique, euchre piquet, scchsund sccbzig, two- handed Van John — or any other gamo what ever — tho Count would play with him. He knew all games, He was equally ready to cut through tho pack for shillings, or to toss for sovereigns, should any of the members desire it. A most obliging proprietor. Sometimes he lost ; sometimes he won ; whether ho lost or won, he laughed gently as it it mattered nothing to him. As for his fairness at play no ono entertained the least doubt. One would like to have tho his tory of sucli a man. It he would write down liis autobiography it would ho instructive. But this he will not do, unless be be allowed to tell it in his own way as Mrs. Georgo Anno Bellamy and Madame Du Barry have related their lives. Tho autobiography of tho Count should be, I am sure, as interesting as that of Barry Lyndon. Olbcr attentions be lavished upon iho mem bers. If, as sometimes happened, one of them rose hastily from the tabic, with haggard face mid despairing eyes, iho loser of everything, tho benevolent proprietor would lend him half a sovereign or half n crown, according to tho age and social position of that member and with regard to the amount of his losings. He would also advise him to go away and tempt fortune no mare that night against a run of bad luck ; aud lie would proscribo for him, mix aud ad minister a restorative in whisky and water, on the strength of which his patient would go straight home aud so to bed and feel no pangs of rciuorso and terror until the morning ; or, if one of tho members was not despairing but only reckless ho would lend him money to go on with, taking a note of acknowledgment in re turn. He was so benevolent that his pocket book was stuffed with these uotes. It w-as not kuown how the Count made the club pay. Perhaps the noto of acknowledge ment for money lent included interest ; perhaps he steadily won; if ho did it was clearly only by those games, such as dearie, which require some skill. But no one knew. This evening it might havo been remarked that the Count was a good deal engaged in watching Dick's play. He observed two or tlirco tilings. When Dick won lio pnt his winnings into his pocket without a word or sign of satisfaction : when he lost lie saw his stako raked up without the least emotion, Further, ho observed that Diok lost nearly every time ; the lnck was dead against him from the beginning. And this circumctanco afforded liim a certain satisfac tion, but why, ono could hardly explain. The evening went on ; tho windows were thrown wide open, but tho air grew intolerably close and heavy ; the players were more serious anil more silent ; no one except Daffodil laughed and then tho others turned upon liim looks of reproach and wonder ; those who had left the tablo sat moodily without, Blinking over thoir losses or whispering with the Coaht. At the small tablos were heard tlio continued cric3 of "King! " " Vole 1 " ".Trick 1 !" Gamo cards play ! " in the quick decided topes of . those who, play /or money 4and -play quickly. . ..... : ' V: At ton o'clock Dick rose -from .tiio,' table' apd laid his band upon bis friend's shouldor. .. . " Come," he whispered, " They will be expect ing you nt homo." The boy roso unwillingly. Ho was winning, and for the first timo in Ins life his pocket was heavy with silver. But Dick dragged liim from the tablo. " My young friend," said tho Count, as they left the table, " You lenvo us too early. But perhaps H is.bcst to ho home in good time. I liope yon have not lost." Ho Bpoko very good English, but with a lightly foreign accent, and ho spoko as if ho really did take the deepest interest in tlicir for tune. "As for mo," cried Daffodil eagerly, "I've won a pot. Look here," — ho pulled out a handful of shillings — " It's glorious." The Count laughed encouragingly. " Good," ho said, " Very good. Luck is always with tho boys: At your ugo I should liavo "broken all the banks. Como again soon. I lovo to soo tho boys win. And you, my friend Richard ?" " What docs it matter to anyone except my self, " Dick replied gloomily, " whethor I win or loso." " IIo is silent," said the Count, " I watched liim at his play. When tho others laugh, or when they curse, he is silent. No one can tell from his face whether he lias won or lost. _ A good player should be silent. Will you drink before you go ?" Daffodil went to tlic bar and had a drink. Dick refused. < ' Do you want another advance, my friend ?" asked tho Count. Dick shook his head, hut witli uncertainty. " What is tho good," he asked, "myinfernal luck follows mo ovcry night. I'm cleaned out every night." ' Dear mo 1 I am trnly sorry. Lot ns look at,1 yonr account." "Yes, there it is." Ho drew out liis pocket book, aud turned over tho leaves. Yon have given mo three cheques each for £12. They were passed — ho glanced quickly at Dick's faco "without any ques tion." t! "Why tlio devil should they be questioned?" Dick asked. " Ah I my friend, yours is the face for the gambler. Yon can keep yonr countenanco whetovcr happens. It is a great gift. Steady eyes — look iho in tho face — full — steady eyes — aud fingers" — lie took Dick's hand in his, and squeezed the fingers critically — " fingers that aro sensitive and qnick. Sometimes I think fingers are live things, with nwill of their own. Why, if a devil now was to cuter into one of theso fingers — this oue — and pcrsuado it to — well — say to imitate another person's hand writing " " What do you mean ?" asked Dick. " Steady eyes — steady oyes — why — that tho finger would imitate that writing to perfection. Well, as to our account. You owo me, my young friend, £24. Shall I mako you another advanco? We!!, come hero to-mor row morning at eloven. Can yon spare tbe timo ? Come, we shall bo quite alone and I havo something to say. Steady eyes, delicate fingers, hard and cold face. Those aro gifts not for tho gambler only, my friend, but for — " He stopped abruptly. "For what ?" asked Dick. " What, indeod. I fear they are gifts which may ho wasted. Some day when you are in trouble ; somo day when you want money — " " 1 always want money." " You are in tronblo also my friend. I rend trouble in your face." He dropped liis voice to. a whisper — a, soft aud friendly murmurous whisper — " You aro in tronblo now. Confide in mo. Tlioso three cheques now — " " No, no ; the cheques aro all right I tell yon. Why do you keep harping upon tho cheques?" "I rejoico to hear it. I was afraid you might havo been deceived. But you aro in trouble." " I didn't say that. Isaidlwautcdmonoy. If yon can tcaoh mo how to mako it— but" you can't — clsoyonwouid mako.it for yourself. Why should you teach me ? " Tho Count looked at his mutilated hand. " I could make it for myself once, but I am — I am old perhaps. I know how it is to be made, easily, by linndfuls. And I can teach yon bow to do it too." " Nobody ever gives anything. What cm I to pay for this knowledge ?'' " Como to-morrow and I will tell yon what yon are to pay. Come here at clovan o'clock, when wo shall bo quite' alone and ah ! here is my new friend, My dear boy, I rejoice wbon my young friends win, It is onr turn to loso. Wo ore the old boys — tho world of pleasure is all for the young. Come here and win more — win ell wo havo. Then go and spend your money gaily. There aro plenty of pretty girls who love boys with money. Go— sing — love — dance — drink. Then como hero again and make more money, Happy boy 1 Happy youth ! " Como along Dick," said Daffodil laughing. " I have won 50s. at least. Hooray I What a splendid game it is." cnarikn VI, — The Tehttattox. The soft voice of the man ; his measured speech, his calmly prophetic assurance that tronblc was on tho way, uffcctedDicic Murridgo at this juncture of his affairs very disagroeahly. He could know nothing. Yet he spoke as if lie knew. For now the trouble was actually come. In a few days his father would expect something from liim ; a report, a clue, a theory", a somo- tliing which might bo followed np, and if there was nothing ho would himself take up the case. "Come to me," said the Count, "when tho trouble falls upon you. Come to mo to- morrow and lot ns talk," Ho kept that appoiutment ; and ho found tlio Count in tlio club room, which by day, with its tables put together and covered with a green liaizo cloth, looked like a board room, or a room for tlio coroner and tlio jury, or, at least, like a room for a friendly lead. " So," said the Count, " yon "ore" here I expected you. Has tlio trouble como ?" " There is no trouble coming," Dick replied. " It will coiue very soou, if it has not already come. However, let us talk business. You owo me, as I told you last night, £24. You havo borrowed, from timo to time, £00, and you liavo paid me, in three, cliequos, £30. Yon want to borrow more. Last night yon lost £10 or thereabouts — " " How do you know ?" :!!.! watched you . all the evening. That is simple, is it not? Do you wi6h to borrow 'more money?" . -Dick mado no reply. Ho had lost moro thau £10 of the chcquo which Daffodil, cashed for : him ; there was, in fact, only half a crown left out of that cheque for £12. "All tho young men who como hero fall Into trouble, sooner or later, my dear Richard. I havo seen your troublo coming for a long timo. What do yon expect? You want to enjoy lifo — very woll, then. Nutnro says that thoso who enjoy lifo must have money. It is reasonable. Thoso who havo money aro kings. Thoso who havo nono aro slaves. If you win you spoud your winnings on your pleasures. If you loso— well, you get into troupe," "I never do win," said Dick, i " My friend, listen carefully." Tlio Couut sat down, aud drew his clutir quite close to Dick. " I havo watched you for many nights. 1 say to myself, ' I want a pupil. Hero is one who may lie n credit to mo.' Very good, as for the otiiers I let tliein go. They may help themselves. But 1 am willing to help you. For. yon nro different. I have fonud that you are hard, and you nro bravo. You bnvo no foolish soft heart ; aud yon havo lingers, beau tiful fingers, dclicato, full of scuso and life, which can he taught to liandia cards?" " What do yon mean ?" Dick cried, with the feeling of attraction which a butterfly feels to wards the caudle. >i.O The first lesson was tlio most wonderful thing which Dick over learned. Yet it was n very 6mnll thing ; nothing but a simplo method of turning np tho king wlicnovor ho was wonted, and a simple explanation of tho fact that in professional gambling tbo outsider plays with tho man who knows how to turn up tho king, and therefore must, in tho long run, lose. "Como again to-morrow," said the Connt; " meanwhile, practice. Oh 1 I can tench you. But this is nothing. Understnud that what yon have learned to-day . is only tho very be ginning of tlio Art — tho first elomonts. Per severe, my son, and I will placo an unlicnrd of fortune in your hands." " What am I to givo you for it ?" " That you will presently discovcri I shall not teach yon much, yon may bo sure, unless wo understand ench other." Tho lesson lasted until about tlireo o'clock. It was so strange and so delightful that the young man actually forgot his troublo. That camo back to him tho moment ho loft tho house. It was Friday. Ho spent tho nftcrnoon thinking. Ho called it thinking. In renlity it was putting before himself in lively imagina tion all the terrors of tlio situation. In tlio eveniug ho went to tlio club. Tlio Count lent hira £3, and lie won a small sum. But how could he hope to win hack all ho owed — and if ho did, how would that help him with thoso cheques ? Ou Saturday morning he spent another hour or two with tlio Count, aud learned more. He now understood for the first timo that he who pinys at a public tablo has to do witli men who mnst win as often as they plcaso, or, ns often as tlioy dare, because tlicy can do what they like with tlio cards. For some reason of his own tho Count was leaching him the secrets of the cards. Tlio Saturday uftcrnoon ho spent in "thinking" as before. And on Saturday evening he went again to the club, aud again he won, but not mnch. On Sunday morning ho awoke full of appre hensions. Four more days : he must iuvcut or mako up something that would keep his father qnict. Ho was so full of fears that ho resolved to toll everything to Calistn. It bos been seen that ho told her nothing. The reason was partly that lie bethought him, ns ho stood before her, of tlio pain aud shamo with which sho would hear his story, and partly because, as lie went on the top of on otmnbns from Camden Town to the Mansion House, and again from the Mansion Ilonse down the Commercial-road, there went with liim a voice. There may have been something clso belonging to tbo voice, a disembodied spirit, a demon, an afreet — I kuow not what. Bat be heard the voice, and he did not sco the afreet. Said the voice : " To-day is Sunday. Yon have four days, only fonr days. What can you mako up which will satisfy your father on Thursday morning? Four days only left. If you go empty handed he will himself tako up the case. If ho docs ho will get to tlio bottom of tbo caso somehow or other before he lets it go." "As for tho Count, you can keep liim quiet. Ho wants you for somo purpose of liis own ; he will teach yon all ho knows and you can buy his silence. Nobody can prove who presented ilie cheques, unless ho comes forward. He is tho only dangerous ono of tlio three. But you must invent something ; yon must say some thing." Ho could think of nothing. IIo was ready with no explanation, report, result or anything at all. In this nagging, uncomfortable man ner, tlio voico went on, all the way from Cam den Town to Shadwcll, High- street, which is as the crow flies, fonr miles and a linlf. Then, wbilo Calista was talking to him, the voice began again. " It lies between yon and Norah. It must have been either yon or Norah. One of you two did it. If you are not suspected, slio mnst be." "Well, ho for his part would not be suspected if lio could avoid it by any means. This was tlio reason why lie spoke in so strange a fashion to Calista about what would happen. Ho was answering, though sho did not know, this voico which she could not hear. Ho left tho hospital, and got back to tho early Sunday dinner at two. His father, for once, was almost genial, and talked freely with bis son, which was unusual with liim. His success in tbo matter of tho Clonsilla inherit ance pleased liim, He was a landed gentle man. Ha had nu cstato in Ireland and another in England. IIo spoke of tho land as ono who has a status in tho couutry, and pointed out to his sou that lio was now an heir, and must ac quire a knowledge somehow of tho law as re gards land. This was all very well ; but bo proceeded to talk of tbo robbery, and of the caso with which ho himself would tncklo the caso if lie had tlio time, or if ho was obliged to tako it into band. This kind of talk made his son writho. After dinner Mr. Murridgc on Sundays al ways had a bottle of port. His son took ono glass, and lio himself drank the rest of the bottlo. With each glass ho become moro pleased with liis cleverness in outwitting tho doctor, and moro oagor for revenge in tho matter of tho robbery, so ibat bo mixed up Ids own astuteness with tbo craft of tbo forger — his ducats with his acres. . " Find him, Dick. Find him for mo ; make linsto." " I am doing tlio best I can," said Dick. "Don't hurry a man." "Havo you got a cluo yet?" his father asked. "Don't ask mo anything. You gave mo n week. I am not going to toll you unytking before Thursday morning." "Quito right, Dick. Nothing could ho better. I hato prattling before a case is ready. But tiievo is no harm in a word of advice. Now, if I liad tbo conduct of tho caso, 1 should advertiso a substantial reward for tho dis covery of tho thrco porsons who prcscntod the cheques, , Onco find thorn, nnd tho thing is dou0- . -To bo sure there may bo a riuTiP" —one to forgo tlio cheques, ono to stad n" chcquo books, aud one to present them »«i they would stand by each oilier T« bank clerks haven't mado a ring lite that h"f now They might rim it meraily fo; „ f "0 but I don't think there is a ring, Diet "ru cheques havo been taken out of "t he book „ given to some one who has copied my ,; " tare, aud got the cheques cashed by pLfc tf» know. Now ono of tkom is a fo'roiW Jn and grey-headed, and wanting « forcfiSr i tho right hand— wanting a forefinger, Dick" There can t bo many men in London na ,,; jo that description, can there ? Vcrv ll p that is my idea. You will act on it or not ii you plcaso, but fiud tbo villain, Dick ' put hint in tho dock ; lot mo see |3£ J for his seven years. It bogius with a veJJ plank, I believe, witli solitary confinement 0!I Prcsoutiy Dick escaped nnd wandered about the streets of Camden Town, One thing bo douo i at nt any cost, he must keep hU lather from taking up tho case. Tho streets of Cnmdcn Town, particularly the streets which lio away from the two i2 roads, are vory quiet all tho week, and on Sun dare they aro deserted, except where the sound of tlio church going bell calls tlio folk (mm their houses. The young man wandered about them, all the afternoon and evening, torn bv doubts and fears. Ho thought of fifty plan' but all of them broke down miserably on further consideration ; nud always lie saw be- fore him tiio Count, with his whito bauds shaking n forefinger at him, and saying, with softly assured tones, "My friend, the trouble is uogiimiug. To him who thinks long enough, there comelli at the last an endeavor, an idea or a suggestion To Diek it seemed to come from without. It was truly a villanous aud disgraceful sugges tion — black ns Erebus, crafty ns tlio serpent and cowardly as tho skuuk. It had bee muttered in his car at tho hospital. Nr- was whispered again, but moro loudly w clearly. " You must accuse some on<-' jUC only chanco. If you ackim „ \\-ou liavo failed, yonr futlw -mediately tako up tbo ease ' will ad- vertise and offer Ho is quilo sure to find out You must accuse some oiio. . you accuse ? It must bo somo-' -. access to the office, some ono V jUr father's habits in drawing ehs , ono who would get at his signa- ture " Nu. Not tho oflico boy. There cannot ho any proof against tho office hoy, Who else comes to tlio oflico? Hick waited whilo that question was put to him a hundred times. "Who elso but Norah. There is no other. Norah C Dick Murridgo had known the girl nil hot life. When slio wus 5 and lio 8 they played together. When sho was 10 aud he 13, lie teased and bullied her after tlio manner of boys j when she wns 16 and ho 19, ho began to per ceive Hint slic was beautiful ; only a fortnight before ho had told her that he loved her. As much as such a young man, with another mis tress Queen Cbaucc, would love a girl lie did lovo Norah. Aud now he could harbor tlio thoughts of accusing her in order to sure him self. Said tbe voice in his car : " 'The first stop in lifo is self .preservation." Before that everything must give way, A man must savo himself at auy sacrifice. Honor, love, friendship, truth. What are they ? Shadow. Tho first tiling is self preservation. His father had taught him these precepts a hundred times. What was it ho was going to do but to preserve himself ? How would his father tako it ? Why, that made tho thing all the marc easy. She was, if any one, a favorite with him. Ho trusted her more than any other person in tho world — more than his own son. If ho inte rested himself or cared about anyone, it wns tliis clever, quick and indnstrious girl clerk who, for £75 a year, did tlio work of two men clerks at double tho salary. If his father could bo only porsuaded that it was Norah he would pro bably say nothing more about it. lie would forgive her, and all would go on ns before. Hero Dick was wrong. Mr. Murridgo and men who, liko liim, trust few, and tlioso most unre servedly, are moro dangerous if tlioy arc be trayed thau men who trust lightly and easily. Ho thought over this villainy all the evening. The longer lie thought of it tlio mow easy and tlio moro likely it appeared. He raw a way of making tiio charga plausible aud possible. Ho mado up his mind what he would do and how ho would do it. At tho same timo lie resolved to keep on with the Count. It might be well, in caso things turned out badly, to listen to theso proposals at which lie kept hinting with promises of wealth unbounded. It was past ten when ho went home. Ho took tiio candlo and, without seeing his futhcr, wont straight to his own room. " Of course," he said, " I would not have her tried, or sent to prison, nor anything. It will ho quito cnongli for my father to think slies done it. They cau't send licrto prison, nor any- ono else, if there aro no forgeries to convict with. Very woll, I've got the cheques, nnu I II help there." This was a really brilliant ulcn. Tliero must havo been a forgery to go "P®"; Suppose u man says tliat a chcquo was cashed which lio did not draw. Very well, then, "Where is your cheque?" He didprodiiccalittia slicaf of cheques and a choqno hook, Ho placed them in tho fireplace, he struck a match, and ho saw them quickly cousumo iuto ashc3. " There," ho said, "whero's your proof no vet Where is your forgery. Tho worst thau can happen to Norah, now, whenjsho says I l ;6n her the cheques, is not to he believed. . It s nil right, now. They can't prove any tiling, nnu 1 can 6ny jnst exactly what I please." lie was so pleased, pacified and easy after this act of discretion that he went to bed, aud for tlio first, time for many weeks slept soundly, nnd without any apprehensions, nightmares or dreadful dreams. ' Suppose it were possiblo for any person troubled with a burden, whether of 6in, repen tance, despair, disease, poverty, old age, dis- grnco, ill success or anything elso, to transici that burden to tlio back of nuothcr. Suppose that ho could do this without suspicion of dread of being discovered, how long would thai man bear any bunion at all ? B lwt would re- ligion, honor, morality, shamo or self rcspecs avail to prevent that man from casing. m I , ,n»rs at (lio expense of somo inoffensive I nthcr person, who was perhaps sufficiently ludcu? I Hit not bo a sore temptation? But this I Leon would not, one hops, cliooso for the I Urcr of lus burden, an innocent girl, who I „i,i hn bent to the ground and crashed bo- I Lilftl.c load. Yet Dick had no choice. lie I oast cither bear tho burden himself, or try to "Sho' won't hurt" ho said, looking at tho inrat ashes. " Whcro aro tho forgeries now ?" If everybody had this power of transferring hardens there would bo such a rushing of heavy loads through tho air, and such a hurtling aud flrlogof burdens that tho air would be darkened and 0,0 sun's light obscured. Aud there would be such a groaning, under tlio now burdens, irith so many cries, tears, lamentations and wavers, that ono would think tho times of universal repentance had set in with tho simul taneous flogging of everybody. Iu getting rid if rheumatism one would catch astlnna ; in exchango for gout, tootlincko ; for old age, shame and dishonor ; for disappointed am bition, a life of crime— ono must not pursue tho theme. Chapter VII. — Down with the Landlords. « We havo now," said Uncle Joseph, regard ing his first glass of gin and water with dis contented looks ; " we have now, Maria, been members of tho peerage— actually of tho peerage, the peerage of the realm— for nearly a sreei, yet I see no change. Tho Queen has sent no message, and there has been, as yet, no champagne." "No one has called," said her ladyship. "I have put on my best gown every night, but not one member of tho Upper House has thought lit to take the least notice of us." . "Where is the Coronet ? Whore are tho Holes? Where is the Star? Whcro is the Collar ? Where is the Garter ? Court, docs it mean, Maria?" . The doctor silently filled his pipe, and went on reading his evening paper, taking no notice of these complniuts. Yet it did striko him as (Ira'ng'cthat a man should succeed to a peerage with so little fuss, "No letter from Mr. Gladstone," Uncle Joseph continued. No officer. from tho IIouso of Lords, with congratulations from that august body ; noncommunications from, a Provincial Grand Lodga.; . no deputation from a. loyal tenantry ; no ringing of bells. Maria, in tho whole course of my experience among the upper classes I never before saw such a miserable succession." . " Miserable indeed," said lier ladyship. "The reason," continued Uncle Joseph, "is not difficult to find. They arc waiting, Maria, for the banquet. ' How can n noble lord succeed without a banquet? You can't do anything without it. Why, if you.initialo.cvon a little city clerk, you must have a banquet over it, as much as when you raiso a limn to the most dazzling height. Aud hero we succeed to the rank of viscount, and not even a bottla of champagne. Gin and water! Hero we are with plain gin and water, in the house of the llight Honorable tho Viscount Clonsilla." Thoro was a full attendance of the house, so lo speak. The honorable Hyacinth was present ; tho honorable Norah, with Mr. Hugh Aquilln, had just returned from an evening wulk among the leafy groves of Camden Town's ono square; tho honorable Terry, Harry and Pat were a3 usual quarrelling over a game. "Well, my dear," said the doctor at last. " What did you expect ?" "I expected recognition. I thought that sur brother peers aud peeresses would call upon is in their carriages." "What have we received, Muria," said Undo Joseph. "The outstretched hands of brolherwood ? Not at all. Cold neglect." " Wo may belong to the Irish peerage," said the doctor, but remember, if you please, that I am still and likely- to remain, to tho end of tho chapter, a general practitioner, with a largo walking practice among a poor class, and a small income, in Camden Town. It will be a proud distinction,' no doubt, to reflect tlmt'wc aro the only titled people in Camden Town. Well, we must bo contented with this distinc tion. You' may add to your alderman's robo, my dear, your coronet, when it comes along. I wonder who lids got that coronet," Iropeat. "Doctor, wo ought," said Uiiclo Joseph, " to assort ourselves ; there ou,rht to ' ho a banquet.'.' , ' "I was with the late Lord's lawyer to-day," the doctor continued. " The old Lord seems to havo outlived nil his relations as well as all his friends Ho left no will, so that all the pro perty whatever it is, would liavo come to me, bat for an accidental circumstance." Tho doctor hesitated, looking, guilty, "an acci dental circumstance — a kind of misfortune— of which you ought to hear.'.' " As tho old Lord has now been dead some weeks,' said Uuclo Joseph, 1 ' tho timo lias come for action. _ Of courso it would have been unseemly to rejoice immediately in hearing of his death. Now, if my advice is thought to bo worth nuy'thing Jin this family— tho advice of. a, malt who hits '.shaken hands,' familiarly,' yet respectfully, with hurls and sat next to tho Princo at a banquet— is that w'o should without any delay issue invitations to h large number of our noble and illustrious brother peers for a banquet, m robes aud coronets, at tbo Freemason's ortlic Criterion. I will riiysolf superintend tho ban quet, inspect tho nicmi— at this time of year, what with lamb, duckling, green peas, salmon, wliilolmitj turtle, young potatoes, apricots and strawberries', the bauquot will bo uuusually choice— clioico -aud 'toothsome. As for tho champagne — "Alii" ho gasped, and drank.off tho wholo glass of gin ami water. "I will order it. Do not bo. in any anxiety about tho champagne, Maria. It shall bo my care. When tup banquet it over, your health — you will bo in tho chair, doctor— will bo taken after the loyal toasts. I will myself respoad for the craft. Then wo will givo up this honsc, which is mean for a Tiscount's town residence, and wo wilt raovo to a mansion in the West, whcro 'Maria can tako that placo in society which she was born to adorn." Ho spoko so confidently, and with so much .enthusiasm that hor ladyship murmured, and even Norah was carried away with tho thought of tho family greatness. A largo house in tho >> est Eud, with nothing for her father to do, and socioty — though it is not for certain, how sho understood that word — seemed fitting accompaniment to n title. . Thedoctor listened gravely. Then ho laughed his chin in his baud, aud looked about him pensively. Then ho laughed again gently, i " It is too ridiculous," ho cried, " I am Vic- eount_ Clonsilla. You, my dear, aro Lady Clonsilla. All yon boys and girls ore Ilonor- "i r'I'- 'l " pt .for J'our mother's money, urn t a penny iu tho world for any of you What do you say, Hugh?" J said ntbld '1 t!le.t't'offlU iuto abeyance," Sinn ? 1 0,1 ' know why, but a title rhouiagiavoitouV"Qnoyscoms coutcmptibi' 1 « Gi Srii ?uc'e- JosoPh with decision. i P Qm UP a thing that thousands aro envying and longing after? Throw away a titlo? You must bo mad young man. Actually refuse to enjoy a titlo? "S !'e? ?'? to,a banquet aud pass tho champagne. But it shows your ignoranco. You havo nover been among Lords aud Honor- aulcs. You don t know, young man, you can't dnefl vi T :ruV Vou aro oulJ a yane doctor. humble. Don t presume to adviso, society0" connected with rank mid "I know what science . means. That's enough for mo. Titles 1 who would not rather make a namo for himself than hear a titlo ? i V,bl0'' n"3 at tho thing practically, children," said tho Doctor. "I shall never make anaineformysclf, and that is quite certain, unless I umko a namo for myself as a great donkey. As for the title, then, if rank allows me to enlarge my practice, and stimulates rich patients to send for inc, and enables me to drive round in a carriage, instead of trudging along tho streets, and to doublo tho bills, aud to give up making my own medicines, and to havo a .balanco at tho bank, why, then I will gladly sP.rt the title. Bat if it only makes us ridiculous, let us givo it up. A coronet on tho door of a surgery, whcro medicines aro made up by the noblo lord within, does seem ridicu lous, doesn't it?" Uuclo Joseph shook his head. " Bank, ' lio said safely, "can never bo ridiculous. But if you feci it that wnv, follow my advice. Givo up tho surgery. " Tako a house at tho West End and go iuto society." The doctor shook his head impatiently. " Let the tiling slide," said Hugh. " What do you think, Norah ?" " I shall always be glad, whatever happens, to think that my father can bo a viscount if he pleases. Of course, at first, I thought there must bo a great fortuno with it. I always thought that peers were very rich men. Aud I thought it would bo delightful to sec him resting a Iittlo from his hard work. And uotto ho afraid any more of tho night bell," The doctor kissed his daughter. " Chil dren," he said, "I have a confession to make. Listen now. Your father has been a terrible donkey." " If I bad been consulted, — "said Uuclo Joseph. " No doubt," tho doctor interrupted him. " Now, hear my tale." " Tlireo years ago, I happened to ho very much in. want of money. Tho practice has been very bad, as far as paying patients go. I was so troubled for money that 1 consulted Mr. Murridge as to the best way of getting a loan. I then learned, for the first timo in my life, that my second cousinship to an Irish lord might be turned into money. In other words, there was a small property which the viscount, who was a spenthrift, had not been able, or was uuwilliug to alienate. ' There were two cousins between me and tho title. It was not a large property, but you sec, there was just a chance as it happened, of my succeeding to it. The chauco appeared to ho so remote that I thought it worth nothing. Mr. Murridge, however, who had better information than myself, thought it was wortli exactly £300. Aud for the £300, without which I could not have sent yon, Duff, to University, I sold my reversion." "There was an estate then? said Hugh, curiously. " I understood there was nothing." " There was this small estate of — I do not know how many acres. Aud I do not kuow wlmt it is worth, or whether the tenants have paid auy rent." "And Mr. Murridge, Dick's father, bought your reversion ? " said Hugh, " It seems a very strange thing for him to do." " His business lies among genealogies and fnmily histories," said tho doctor. "lie found out, what I ought to have learned before sign ing and soiling, that my chances were really very good indeed — almost n certainty. What ho did not know was, that the property might havo been bequeathed by the late lord to any ono. It was not entailed ; but he died without a will." "Then," said Hugh, "Mr. Murridge thinks ho is going to be tho laudlord, I sup pose." " Certaiuly. nc has bought mo out." "Father,' said Norah, " You did it for tho best. It was for us— for Daff— that you took the money. "What does it matter ? Let us. all go on just as beforo. Hugh won't mind ; will yon, Hugh? " No, I don't mind, Norah ; but I venture to mako a Iittlo prophecy, doctor. Mr. Murridge will nover bo owner of tho Clonsilla cstato, even if tlicy consist of nothing but a four acre field of bog. lie thinks lie lias got them, but ho may fmd that ho has over reuched hirii- solf." "If I were consulted," said Uncle Joseph, "I should' invito tho tenants to a- — " ' Again lie was interrupted. This time it was tho last post of tho day, which brought a letter in, a largo blue envelope, addressed in a great sprawling hand as if written with a pitchfork, "For tho Honorablo Lord Viscount Clonsilla, Somewhere in London." "It is tho first recognition of rauk," said his Lordship, turning it over in his hands. "Perhaps it is a missive from tho Queen— a missivo of congratulation. Yet the writing is hardly official." _ . "Or an invitation from tho Lord Chancel lor," said Unclo Josoph, "on invitation no doubt to a bauquot, or tho woolsack." . ' . Tho doctor opened it curiously. It did not look somohow like on invitation. It was more liko a hill. Tho writiug of the letter was oven worse, more sprawling than tliat "of tho ad dress. .... "My Lord," the letter ran, "this is to warn you that tho first man evicted from his holding will bo tho signal for your bloody end. No rents. No eviction, ltcmenibcr Lord Mountmorris. Wo will liavo vcugcanco. Blood and revenge. You shall die. Look at the picture. Tbink of tho White Boys and tho Xnviuciblos. Death — death — death. Every man has got his fcun, and wo ore sworn. Death— death. Blood and death. Down with landlords." And nt tho bottom, rudely de signed, were a coffin, a gun, a skull, effectively aud feelingly delineated, and two cross bones, copied from tho church yard. Tho doctor handed this cheerful episllo to bis wife with a laugh, But no one, even in tho secure retreat, m tho fjrtress, 60 to speak, of Caindcu Town, quite likes to have a letter scut to him with a promise of murder if ho dares to euforco his rights, aud the picture of a coffin and a skull. . " Mr. Murridge, I suppose, has sent them all noticos to pay up," ho said. "This is a cheerful situation. He is to get the rents aud I aui to got tho credit for thorn, in bullets. I don't think this was in the agreement. " "At all cTonts," said Hugh, " thoy don't know whore to find you. « Somewhere in London' is a little too Tugue, even for au evicted Irish tcnaut." "As their landlord," said Uncle Josoph, "you should gain their loyalty— by "a banquet." ' " Well, children," the doctor continued, dis regarding this ' suggestion, " You havo now hoard tho whole story. Wlmt are wc to do? Shall I-altcr tho plato on tho door ? Shall I attend my patients nt anything I can get per visit in my coronet? Shall we invite tho Irish murderers to Camden Town? What do you say, Duff?" ' " Well," said tho medical student, " as there is no money, there wilt be no fun with tho Title.' " Wo will go on," said Norah, "just ns before. Only, of course, with a little more prido. 'You aro pleased, Hugh, are you not, that you are engaged to a real lady by. birth — - and the daughter of a Viscount if lie chooses to take the title. It is always best to keloug to a good family." " Yes," said tho doctor, orcopiug Boh was ..." "Hush I" said Norah. "I will not hear any stories about my great great grandfather. There aro always scandals in every old family. I prefer to bolicvo.lhat thoy have all bcou the soul of honor, every ono of them." "You' arc disappointed, my dear?" Tho doctor turned to his wife. " Oh !" sho cried, bursting iuto tears, with the threnteuing'lottcr in hor hand, "If we are to be murdered in our bods, and all for nothing, with' no money and no land, let us say no mora about it. But it is a cruel thiug to givo up your rank. And just when the tradespeople aro begiuning to fiud it out. Only this morn ing tho butchor congratulated me. He lind just heard of it, he said, aud ho put a penny a pound more on tho beef." " Woll," said the doctor, " That is settled then. The title is extinct, my children. You will, however, I hope, continue to be as honorablo as you can. Before Hugh went to bed that night, he read over again a letter which he had received that morniug from his mother. This was the conclusion ; " And now, my dear boy, before you kuow tho whole. If you are desirous of acting before the doctor allows me to travel, go to my solici tors, Messrs. Ongar and Gunstcad, of Lincoln's Inn Fields. They liavo tho papers and know my secret. If it is not uccessary, wait uulil my arrival. I expect to bo released iu a week or so, if things go well. Do not, however, move in the matter without consulting them aud I do not think it is prudent to tell any ouo — oven Norah — until you havo consulted them. It is vexations to conceal anything- from her. Still have patienco for a week." " I don't think," said Hugh, " that tho doctor will mind much. As for Mr. Murridge ho, I take it, will be astonished." Chapter VIII. — The Grave op Honor. Let this chapter bo printed within a dcop black border. Let it bo in mourning. Lot it bo illustrated with all tho emblems which cau be gathered together o'f disgrace aud dishonor. The Valley of Tophet, with its baleful fires, may furuish a frontispiece ; there must he fune real cypresses ; henbane, deadly nightshade and the poisonous flowers of marsh and diteli must adorn the corners of the pages. There should be a drawing of Adam turned out of Paradise, with portraits of all the most celebrated rene gades, turncoats and traitors, and tho most eminent sneaks known in history. For a man may do limuy things wicked aud base, and yet find forgiveness ; ho may drag his namo in tho dust aud tramplo on his self respect, and giyo a rein to his passions, aud become a hog and a drunkard, and yet ho welcomed hack again into the world of honorablo men if ho requires. But the thing which Dick Murridge did was ouo which can never ho forgiven him in this world, save by the girl to whom ho did this wrong, and sho, I think, has forgiven liiiu al ready. Ho did it on tho Tuesday morniug, two days before bis week expired. Ho spout tbo whole of Monday in putting his coso upon paper iu tho form of a report. On Tuesday ho went iuto town before his father, aud oaliis arrival followed him into the inner office with a roll of papor in his hand " I think, sir," ho said, " that I have dona all I cau in this matter. I have put down ou papor what I have to tell you, for your private information." " Do you nican that you have found tho thiof and forger? " I think I havo." " And what do yon mean by talking of my private information? If you'vo got tho man I'd soon show you how private I will keep the information." " If you will rend ibis paper— ' " Afterwards. ' 'Tell mo first who did it." ' " Well,' then, it was — noab other— than — yonr privato clork — —Norah Cronau." Dick looked his fathor steadily in the face, speaking slowly and doliberatoly. i . ' , "I don't believe it." Mr. Murridgo sprang to bis fcot and banged tbo tablo with' his fist. " Bead theso papers, then." " Dick, I dou tbelicvo it. ' Tho tiling is im possible Whore aro your proofs ? " " Bead theso papers." " Norah Cronan 1 It cannot bo." Dick smiled as ono who is on a rock of cer tainty aud can afford to sinile. " What havo yon always told mo, sir ? Novor trust anybody. Every man is for himself . Every man has his price. Everybody tliiuks of nothing hut himself. Very well then. Bc- moiubcr those maxims beforo you say that anything is impossiblo. If you will read theso papers you will find " "Bead tho papers yourself. Latmo know all that yon cau provo. Bead tho papers your self. Quick 1 " Ho threw himself in a chair and waited with angry light iu his oyc. Everything happens in tho way wo least expect. Dick had niado up his mind that ho would lay tlio paper upon tho tablo with solemnity suitablo to tho occasion and then retire, leaving tho document to produce its nntural effect liko a doso of mouicino. Ho further calculated that after reading tbo paper, his father would most likely send for him and enjoin hint to say nothing more about tho matter. That, at loast, was what ho-hopod. But lio had not expected to ho asked to read tho paper aloud, and ho naturally hesitated. Ho had committed to writing an enormous lio, or rather a chain and series of lies, all strong, massivo, well connected, forming togothor a talc which for cowardice and meanness nover had an equal sinco tho day when men first learned to tell lies, swop yarns, invent excuses and pass on tho blamo. Cer tainly it could never lmvc had a superior. To writo such a thiug, however, was one tiling ; to rend it calmly and coldly was nuothcr. When Dick had once mado up his mind that escapo was only possiblo by ono method, ho gavo Iiia' wholo thoughts and devoted the greatest possible pains to mako his narrative complete iin all its parts, and imgrcguablo at every point ; bo wrote and rowroto it ; ho read it over and over again ; ho examined - tho docu ment critically ; lie put himself iu tho place of a liostilo and suspicious critic ; ho ovon read it aloud, which is the very best wny possible of testing the strength of snch a document, whether from the credible and tlio probable, or from tho plausible and persuasive, or from the purely literary point of view. Ho wns not greatly skilled, ns may bo supposed, in fiction considered as a lino art, which is perhaps the reason why lie was quito satisfied in his own mind with his statement, looked at from any poiut of view. "Bead it," his father repeated, "let mo hear what you havo found. If it is true—" Ho stopped, because ho kuew not what lio should do if it were true. The young man hesitated no longer. With steady eyes and with brazen front and with clear, unhesitating voico lie read tlio tliiug ho had mado up. " Before I begin this statement " — the words formed part of the narrativn — "I wish to ex plain that nothing but your express command that 1 should investigate tho case for you would have induced mo to writo, in part, a con fession." Mr. Murridgo looked up sharply and suspiciously. ' Yc3 ; as you will presently sco "Dick repented, answering that look, "a confession. When tho duty of taking and in vestigating this caso was laid upon mo my lips, which would otherwise havo remained shut, as a point of honor, wore opoiioil. If I did not obey your command to the fullest extent inno cent persons might liavo been suspected and cvon punished. 1 have, therefore, resolved upon telling you all that I know, whatever hap pens. And since I must writo down tho truth I pray that no further action may bo taken in the ense, and that this most deplorable businoss may bo forgotten and dropped never to be men tioned again." " What the devil do you mean by tliat ?" his father cried. " The business forgotten ? Tho matter allowed to drop ? Do I look like tho man to forget sucli a thing ? No further action indeed. Wait, you ' shall sco what further action I will take." Dick did not stop to press this petition for mercy. " It is now four weeks," ho continued, rend ing from tho paper, "since I had the misfortune — it was a great misfortuue to mo — and I am very sorry that it happened, to observe, quite accidentally, a certain suspicious circumstance which took placo iu your own office. This cir- cumstaucc caused mo tho greatest uneasiness at tho timo, and has filled mo with anxiety ever since. Of course, as you will immediately understand, directly you spoko to mo last week my suspicion turned to certainty, I was as usual in the outer office, and I had nothing to do but to sit and wait for any work' which might he sent out. The timo was a quarter post two. Yon were gone out to your dinner, and tho hoy was gone to his. There was, therefore, no one at all in the place except myself. Before you wont out you locked up your safe, with yonr papers in it. I kuow that, because as you passed through the outer door ynu dropped the koys into your pocket. You left yonr own door wido open. A few minutes afterwards, to my astonishment, Norah Cronan came in. ' 1 Is your fathor in ?" she asked in a whisper. " I askod her if she know what time it was, and whether sho expected a regular man liko you to he iu at a quarter past two. Sho mude no ropty, but went into your oHico very qnickly and shut tlio' door. As sho passed mo I re marked tliat her face was red, aud lier eyes looked swollen, as it sho had boon crying. I daresay yon yoursolf liavo noticed that for somo time past sho has been out of spirits." Mr. Murridgo granted, hut what ho meant is not known. "Sho shut tho door, but, as some times happens, tho lock did not catch, and the door stood' ajar. From tho placo where I was sitting I could sco through tho door, and catch something of what sho was about. I was not curious, out I looked, and I observed that sbo wns tearing something out of a book. This was such a strango thing to do that it caught my cyo." Why should sho coine to yonr office when you wore, out in order to tear leaves out of a'book ? It certainly scorned to bo a book of somo kind, but from my placo I was quite anablo to sco what it was or why sho was tearing it out. Then sho folded tho leaves very carefully, and, as far as I could see, put thorn in her pocket. Af for a few minutes sho - came out ; again Of courso I was by this tirad very curious indeed, but I asked no 'questions; a man does not- liko to seem curious about a thing which ho lias scon, so to speak,' through a .koyholo, I noticed, however, that hor breathing'was quick, and that her baud trembled. Aud slio said a very strango tiling to mo. - 'Dick,' said she, ' wheu your father comes back, don't toll him tliat' I came lioro. I only camo to got something —something 'which I -forgot this morning, nothing of any importaaco.' Sho stammered a great deal whilo she said this - I told her that it was no business of miuo whether sho camo or whothcr slid stared away, becansolhad nothing at alt to do with her or her work. Then 'sho laid lier hand on my shoulder, and looked into my face, ' But promise, Dick,' sho said, Yon seo wo are such old friends, you and I, aud'Daff is your bosom friend; Wo ought to be ablo to depend on you. Promiso, dear Dick. Say that you will never toll yonr fathor that I camo to bis offico any day when ho was out of it.' I naturally promised, and sho went nway. As soon as sho was gone I went into your office to find out what sho had been toaring, if I could, being still curious, and not best satisfied with myself for having mado that promiso. Thoro were two or three great hooks on tho tablo — your genealogical books. But she would not bo likely to tear any of tlio leaves out of tlicso, bccauso they aro not tho only Iconics. I looked about, therefore, and presently, poked away undor somo papers, 1 fouud your chcquo book lying on tho tablo. I took it up and I examined it. 1 do not know why, be cause I hud no suspicion of this kind of thing. What was my astonishment to discover that six of tho cheques had boon taken out of tho book. Six. Thoy were scattered iioro and there — not taken out in a lump. This I now appro-' bond was in order to lessen the chance of im mediate discovery. I never before know tbat you were in tho habit of leaving your cheque book out. This was tho thing that I found. It was afterwards, when I began to think about it, tliat I connected tho leaves torn out of the book and so carefully folded with tlio chcquo book." , Mr. Murridge's face, which had been at first expectant and interested, was now as black at Erebus. . 1 " Go on," ho said, " Got ou faster. ; Let ut finish witli this." " I returned to my desk and considered what was best to be done. Of course — I admit thig freely— I ought to havo gone directly to yog and informed yon of my discovery. In not doing this I committed a great error of judg ment as -woll as a broach of duty. For I should have considered that when the ubscnco of thq cheques was discovered it would be remembered that there were only two persons — not counting the offico boy — who had access to your office. Theso were Norah and myself. One of nt must have taken them. "Why, no," said Mr. Murridge, "for.i( cannot bo proved tbat no ono camo into tbt ' offico except yon two. There is the offico hoy j there is tho housckeopor ; thoro are auy uumbef of people whom tho housekeeper may have ad mitted on Sunday or iu tho evening ; there is ; nothing to provo when I loft my chequebook . lying about. . It might havo boon lying on tin. tablo all night or from Saturday until Monday. I cannot admit that the thing lies between yon end Norah Cronan." . " Very well, Sir. I am glad you thiuk that , it may lie outsido us. That, however, was how I put it to myself I confess." " You ought to liavo told mo at ouco. Yov, find my cheque book, with six cheques torg out, aud you did not tell me. Were you mad?" . , " Perhaps. - But remember that I only saw leaves, or what seemed to bo leaves torn out aud folded up. It was not till afterwards, I repeat, that I suspected Norah of stealing cheques. It was not till you told me of your loss tliat I really conaectcd her with thoso . cheques." - " You ought to havo told mo directly yog. heard of the loss." i "I confess again that I ought to have told, you. Woll, I did not. That is all I can say. First, I had. passed myword to Norah that.!' would not mention her visit. Next I was con-, fused and bewildered on her account. And then I was afraid of you." " Oh ! afraid of mo." "Yes; afraid of you, Norah has boeu yonr favorite always, Tho girl has the confidential, work and mo the offico drudgery- I thought you would not bclievo mo. Perhaps I hoped that sho would get off altogether. But when' you placed the wholo case in my hands, the first thiug that forced itself upon ine was that the forgery must have been committed by means of those very missing cheques." " Well : Tho numbers prove that.", " So that nothiug was left to me but to con< fess what I knew and to follow up tho fact as a clue." Dick sighed heavily, "I wish the task had been entrusted to auother man. First, I thought of goiug to Calista and telling hci- cverythiug. But Norah is lier sister so that it seemed best to tell you all, myself. Per haps Calista may be spared tho p'ain of ever kuowing this dreadful thiug. As for the actual forgeries I cauuot yet speak. But I have proofH as to the presentation of two cheques out of tho five." . " Proofs ? Nothing but the clearest proofs will satisfy inc." . You shall ba satisfied them. What da you thiuk of this for ono proof? Tht. girl described by tlio bank clerk, a i having prescutcd ono of the chequer, was Norah herself. For proof send for the clerk when she is here. Ho will be able to ideutify lier, I dare say. Tiiis is my first proof. Now, for tlio socoud." Tho young gentleman who presented aud cashed the cheque last Thursday at ono o'clock was no other than lier brother, young Hyacinth Cronan. Ho must have gone to tho bonk just beforo ono o'clock, because be came hero a few minutes after ono and we wont out to dinner together. Wo went to Crosby Hall, and sat there till two. Tlio elerk, you know, gave ouo o'clock as the hour. -I have no doubt that ho will identify Daffodil as well. It will b« perfectly easy." . ' . " Tho cheques may have been given to them. "By tlio actual forger. Very possiblo. But iu this caso uulikcly. Bccauso who wo aid do. it' forlhom? "Go on." The caso was getting blacker. As regards tho character of Daff— I moan Hyacinth — for steadiness, lam afraid wo can not say much. Ho is as you kuow, perhaps, at University College Hospital, aiid he belongs to a fast set. Thoy play billiards, sinoke to gether, have parties iu each others' rooms and go to theatres aud music balls." AU this was strictly true, yot— poor Daffodil). " Worsq still. He goes to ii gaming den. It is a place opcu every, eveuiug for playing baccarat ana every kind of gambling gamo. I daresay wfion thoy do nothing else thoy play pitch and toss. I rcmomber your recommendation to nso every menus in order to. find out tho truth,' and I wont with him. Wo wont togothor twico last week."'.' This also, as wo know, was perfectly true. " I havo also learned that ho is in money difficul ties." Daffodil bad shown Dick a letter from his tailor iutimating that something ou account would bo desirable. " Altogether, I think, my theory will provo right. Norah took tho cheques with a viow to help her brother. Of courso, sho knows very well your custom ot drawing £12 cheques for privato purposes. Therefore, sho filled them up for that amount; coufidout tliat thoy would then pass without suspicion, aud might ovon osenpoyouriiotice. Sho imitated your signature, aud she gave them ovcry ouo to her brother, - except that which sho cashed herself personally also for him. I am quite sure sho did it for hor brother. Whether he knows how she got tho cheques— whothor ho stands in with lier — I cannot tell. That will bo soon when be is confronted with tho bank clerk, and charged with presenting tho cboquo. You will judge by what he replies to the charge." " Has tho girl got alovcr ?" " She has been engaged for the last wcekot so only." "" ' " Who is tho man I" His namo is Hngh Aquila. He is resident medical officer at the Children's Hospital. I Was at school with him. But you need not Inquire about him. He has got nothing to do with it." Y" How do you know that ?" < " Because his mother has money. Madame Aquilla was a professional singer who made money and retired from tho profession. Be tides, ho thinks about nothing but his work. Ho has as much money as lie wonts, and ho ncTcr Was in debt or any trouble. Why should ho itnnd in?" " He is not a man who bets and gambles ?" " Not at all." " Humph ! Give me the paper. There's a nest of villainy somewhere about the place." Dick folded tho paper, and handed it over with the air of tho undertaker's man handing tho gloves at a funeral. "Of course you are prepared to swear to this itatcment?" "Certainly." This with porfcetly steady eyes. Of course I trust it will not be neccs- wiy." " Very well. Tlicro remains the man who presented the three cheques. " . " I have not yet laid my hand upon him. No doubt if Norah confosscs slio will tell you who ho is — if not, you have enough to satisfy you." " X have enough when I have all. Go now — or stay — where are the cheques and the cheque book that I left in your hands ?" " They nro locked up in my private drawer in the other room. Shall I get them ?" He ranislied but returned in a moment. "Thcv ire gone !" ho said. "Tho cheques are gone." " Was tho drawer locked ?" ' '« It is always locked. Here is tliekcy which has just unlocked it. Mind — I am sure thoy were in tho drawer on Saturday." 1 Mr. Mnrridge went into tho outer office. The private drawer contained nothing but a few im portant papers. The drawer indeed might just as well Iistc been unlocked, for tho forged cheques nod the cheque book which Dick said were left there on Saturday had disap peared. " Who has been in this office, boy ?" asked Mr. Mnrridge "besides yourself since Satur day." . " Only Miss Gronnn, sir, and Mr. Richard, Sir. Nobody came yesterday, sir." " What timo did you leave the place on Saturday ?" "Not till three o'clock, sir, Miss Cronnu was with you when yon brought me out the letters to copy and post." " Norah was working with me on Saturday afternoon." said Mr. Mnrridge, " until four o'clock, I remember. Then she went away. I worked here alone till six. Have you got a bunch of keys at all, you boy 1" " No, sir. I haven't got anythiug to lock up. Search me if you like." "I don't want to search yon. AYliut tho devil should I search you for ? Have you seen Mr. Richard's drawer standing open ! No, sir, tho drawer is never open that I know of, exc-cjit Mr. Richard's in his chair." "Havo yon over tried to open that draw yourself, with a key or without ?" " No, sir. He always locks it, and I haven't got no keys. And why should I want to open Mr. Richard's drawer?" meres villainy somewhere, Mr. Mnrridge breathed hard aud put his hands in his pockets, "Villainy somewhere. I'll get to tho bottom of this." " The vanishing of tho cheques," said Dick, "seems to crown the whole thing." "What do you mean?" asked his father roughly. " You see, it is quite a common key. Any body with a good big bunch of keys could open tho drawer. Perhaps even — such things do happen— when the key was turned the bolt fell back and the drawer wa8 open. What did you give me the cheques for ? They were no use to mo — nottholea6t use." Mr. Mnrridge grunted. The cheques could not under auy circumstances, have been of uso to bis son in his investigation. Now. thov were gone. Perhaps lost altogether. Why, i't was now become a forgery, without what the French call Ihc pieces of conviction. Who can can prove a forgery when there is no document before tho court ? Mr. Mnrridge retired to Iris own office, followed by bis son. " Look here, Dick," he said, " this thing is getting more complicated. I must think it over. You've done your share. Leave it to me." " Yon need not go investigating or inquir ing, or anything," said his son, "von may en tirely depend on the ti uth of my facts. Start from them. You can prove them afterwards, you know." " I mean to — well — yes— well — I've nothing for yon at tho office, Dick. Go and take a holiday— amnso yourself somehow, as you like to amuse yourself. But mind, not a word to anybody— not a syllable— not a bieath of what you'vo told me cither to Norah or to her brother. This paper and the accusation it con tains belong to me. Do you hold your tongue abut the mutter. Let no one suspect." Dick desired nothing so much ns complete oblivion and tho burial of the whole business. He said so, in fact. "But what shall you do next?" he asked. "That is my business, Ouly hold your tongue and leave the rest of tho case to me." " It has come," said tho office hoy, watching. "He's done something at last ; lie's ordered to leave ihc office in disgrace. 1 knew he would do something. And I've got something more ; and I shall make him wriggle, He thinks he won't be found out. Ho ! I'm a measley little devil, and she's a sopphier. It's something against her, is it ? Just you wait. Tho office boy has a eye open. " Mr. Murridgc went back to his own office and sat down gloomy and wrathful. He left his door wide open and tho bov sitting at his own table, his hands on tho handle of the letter press, watched him carefully, wondering whclhcr the time was yet arrived for him to step in. But for such a lad to "step in" before the rignt moment might endanger everything. Suppose if, by reason of premature stepping in, instead of seeing Mr. Richard wriggle, ho might himself havo to do all tho wriggling. If ho got turned out of his berth, for instance, this would certainly happen to him when he went home, his father being a Fellowship Porter and stout of arm. All this took place at ten o'clock, the first thing in the morning. It was over before half-past ten. When, at cloven Norah came in as usual, 6ho found her em ployer sitting idlo. His letters were unopened, Lis safe was still shut, his papers wcro not laid out before him, tho day's work was not yet commenced. ' Why," cried Norali, "What is tho matter with you to-day ? Arc you ill?" Hir eyes were so bright, her fnce so full of snnshiue, her look so radiant with the happiness of youth and innocence of love, that Mr. Mnr ridge groaned aloud, wondering how this thing could be possible. " Wait a moment here," lie said, taking his hat, " I will ho backiu a few miuutes." Norah had plenty to occupy her. She opened her black bag, spread out her papers, and put them in order tUi Mr. Murridgo re turned, which was after five minutes. Ho was accompanied by a young gentleman, who, whilo Mr. Murridgo opened his safe nnd rummaged among his papers, stared at Norah rather more closely than was consistent with good man ners. " Horo," said Mr. Murridgo presently, tak ing his head out of tho safe, "iswhatyon wnut." Ho gave the young gentleman a paper, and fol lowed him out of tho office. " Well ?" he asked in tt whisper. "That is the young lady," tho clerk replied, also in a whisper, hat the office boy heard, and wondered, " You are quite sure of it ?" " Quite sure. I would swear to her. I am certain of her identity." Then Mr. Murridgo camo back and shut tho door. " Norah," he said, walking up and down the room in considerable agitation, " a very serious thing has happened." " What is that?" " I have been robbed." " Oh 1 How dreadful I Is it lunch ?" " I have been robbed — treacherously robbed" — he added, as if most robberies are opcu- liandcd and friendly, aud done in daylight, be fore the multitude— "robbed of .£60. By means of tiro forged cheques, payablo to bearer." "Oh I" " Loach was for £12. Now, listen. These were brought to the bnuk and cashed by ouo man, a man who can be easily identified, who spoke with a foreign accent. He presented them on the third, the sixth and the thirteenth of this month." " Well," said Norah, " if he can be iden tified you ought to be able to find him." " One, also one of the forged cheques, was presented on Friday the fifteenth, at a quarter past twelve, by a young lady." Mr. Mnr ridge watched tho effect of his words, and spoke very slowly. " It was a cheque for £12, payablo to bearer. It was cashed by a young lady. What is tho matter, Norah?" For the girl tnrned white, and reeled, as if Bhe was abont to faint. " Nothing ; go on— it is nothing." But she wns white and frightened, and she trembled and was fain to sit down. Norah was a bad actress. " By a young lady who can also, if neces sary, be identified. And on Thursday last another for the snmo sum of £12 was presented at about a quarter to ono by a young gentleman whom the clerk declares he would recognise at onco. He is described as a handsome hoy with light curly hair and an casv manner ; he wears a pot hat nnd a red tio. Well, that is nearly all we know at present. I have nothing inore to tell you. Stay, one more tiling. The forged cheques, with the cheque book from which they were stolcu, were all m my sou s private drawer, which he keeps locked, on Saturday morning. Of that ho is certain. Thoy havo now disappeared. They too, have been stolen. My son's drawer has been broken open, and the cheques havo been taken from it. Do you quite understand ?" She tried to speak, but slie could not. In the young lady she recognised herself. She had with licr own hands presented that cheque and received gold for it ; she remembered who had given her the cheque, and to whom slic had given the money ; more than this, in tho handsome boy witli the red tio she recognised her own brother Dnff, not because he, 'too, wore a red tic. but because he had told her, talkiug trifles over an evening pipe, how ho had cashed ono of Mr. Murridgc's cheques that morniug, and for wliont he had cashed it. "Are you quite sure ; are you positive ihnt those two clieqncs cashed by tho— tho young lsdy and by the boy— wore forgeries? Oh I Mr. Murridge; think? It is a iearful chargo to bring against anybody. Were they really forgeries? Yon may havo forgotton, you know. Tliey may have been your own. How do you know for certain that they arc for geries?" What did she mean ? What on earth did she mean by talking in this way ? " They were not my own, thoy were forged," he repeated 6tcrnly. "I know that from the nmnber of the cheques. But do you think I forget— actually forget — when I drew a cheque and lost the money ?" "Norah," he said presently, "you havo been a good girl to me, a very clever and good girl you'vo been to mo for five years — I ack nowledge it— I feel it— I wish I had raised yonr salary before, you deserved more, you'vo been a very good girl. Youhuve carried through many difficult cases for me. I don't know what I should have dono in lots of cases with out your help. This robbery distresses me. I did not think I could havo been so much dis tressed by anything. I say it is a most dis tressing thing to me." He repeated himself, and seemed at a loss how to express what was in his miuil. "Now I will givo you ono more sign of my confidence in you— a complete proof of my confidence in yon. I will put this cose, too, into your hands. Do you hear? You shnllcarry it through for me. She made no sign whatever, " I will give it to you, for your own investi gation. You shall find out, Norah, who took the cheques from my cheque book, who .filled lliern and signed them, who presented tliem. You shall help me to bring this vil lain to justice." The girl sat before bim with pale check and eyes down dropped, and sho trembled. Her hands trembled, her lips trembled, her shoulders trembled. " It shall be your task, Will you undertake it ?" Still she made no sign. " It may be— I say, it may be— that somo excuses— what men cull excuses— idlo things, but tliey aro sometimes accepted— may, by somo one, be found. Tho thing may have boon dono by some one to help another person in trouble. Ob i there aro pcoplo so foolish and weak that tliey will even incur the risk of crime nnd disgrace nnd punishment for others. Wouion havo been known to do such things for their prodigal lovers nnd their unworthy brothers. Find out, if you con, such an ex cuse. And whon yon bring mo the name of the guilty person I will consider how far that excuse may avail in saving him from punish ment." " Spare mo!" cried Norah ; " oh ! I will do anything else flint you ask me— anythiug clso — but I cannot do this." " Wliy not ?" "Because I cannot. I can giro you no reason," " You refuse to do it ? Why ? I don't nsk yon this timo, Norah. I command you. If yon nro still to remain in my service, under take this investigation." "I will not. I cannot. I will rather Icavo your service." " Then before we part, read this paper. It was placed in my bauds this morning by my soil. Ho is your old friend nnd companion. Your brother also is his old friend and com panion. Your family have all been kind to him. Yet ho hns been compelled to write this report for me. Read it. Think ot tho pains it must havo given him to write it, nnd the pain — yes the deep pain— it gavo mo to read it." Norah read it. When she camo to the part where the writer spoke of herself, sho read it slowly, not able at first to understand it. Then she cried alond, in amazement, aud for the pniu of tho blow which wns like the stabbing of a sharp stiletto. But sho recovered aud went on to tho end. When she had quite finished it she sank into the clinir aud buried her face in her hands, sobbing nnd crying without restraint. The man who had told her ho loved her, who had implored licr to marry him ono day and dono this thing the next. The boy iu tho outer office heard her crying nud wondered whether now the time was arrircd for liis own appear ance. Not yet he thought. Not yet. Abovo all things nu opportune appearance and a dramatic effect. " What have I'Ou to say ? " asked Mr. Mur ridgc. " Oh 1 Dick ! Dick! " It was all sho had to say. Presently she lifted licr licad and dashed away her tears, and proudly gave hack the paper to Mr. Murridgo. " Well? " "I have nothing to say," she replied. " What is there to say ? " " There is a distinct charge against yon. A most serious charge. The most serious chargo that could he made against you." " I have nothiug to say. Stay. Yes, Tho bank clerk, Dick says, cau identify two persons who presented cheques. Ho need not bo called upon to do so. They were myself anil my brother Hyncinth. I have nothing more to say. I will answer no more questions. Yon must do ns you please." "I hare done all that I could for yon. I offered you your chuncc for confession and for excuses " " Confession 1 He says — ' Confession 1 ' " " And you meet mo with the daring avowal that you and your brother presented those two forged cheques. Is it possible ? Yon I " " The two cheqnos. I did not say the forged cheques. It is quite true. I draw £12 with one cheque, andDaff drew £12 with another." The girl repeated tin's avowal, looking Mr. Murridgo straight in the face without the least shrinking or shame. " Forged or hot, it is the same thing. Since vou have owned so much confess the rest. Why did'yon take those cheques?" " Wliy did I take those cheques? Oh, I have been with this man for five years, nnd now . . . now ... after all this time he asks mo why I stole his cheques." "Toll me, Norah. Yes. You have been with me fire years. You have been so honest and faithful that I cannot understand it. Tell me whv. I cannot understand it." " I will answer no questions. Take up the case for yourself, Mr. Murridge. Yon will find mo at my mother's, or with Calista, when you want mo. Yon must tako it up : Yon cannot let it stay where it is. Yon shall not. When you havo come to tho truth, yon will under stand why I refused to speak." " Tell me the truth, now, Norah. " Mr. Murridge, who trusted no ono, and thought lovo and friendship fond and foolish tilings, was strangely moved by this business. He had thought that when he could lay liis hands npou tho person who had robbed him he would straightway haul thatpcr- son before the magistrate without pity, and indeed, willi revengeful joy. But that person stood before him, convicted by his son's evi dence, mid out of her own mouth, and he was moved to pity. " Tell me the truth, Norah," he repeated. "For God's sake tell me tho the truth and nothiug more shall he said about it. No one shall know. It Elinll be between us two. Wo will all go on as before. Only, my girl, tell me the troth." "I cannot. I cannot. You must find it for yourself. I presented one of those cheques and my brother presented another. That is all I can tell you." She was no longer pole. She did not tremble any more. In bcr cbcek there was a burning spot which might havo been the out ward and visible sign of conscious guilt. As such Mr. Murridgc read it. On tho other hand, it might betoken n wrath too deep for words. But as such he did not road it. Whatever it was, her eyes were aflamo as she turned her face once more to Mi-. Murridge as she stood with the door open. " I advise you for once to follow your own maxims. You always advised mo to trust no one. Yet you have sometimes trusted mo. In this enso trust no one hut yourself. When you aro satisfied you will ask mo to come back to you. Till then you will see mo liero no longer." Tlio office boy listened. Oil Miss," he said, as sho closed tho door, "are you going? He's gone too." Tho boy pointed to Mr. Richard's vacant chair. " He s dono something. Oh! I know very well. Arc you really going?" Really going— for a time, Joe. Perhaps, altogether. "Is there a. row, Miss — is he"— again lie jerked in the direction of Mr. Richard's chair— " Is lie in it." " You had better ask him, Joe. Good bye." " She's been crying. ' Tho tears wcro on licr cheeks. I wonder,'' said tho bov, "whether I ought to go iu now. Oh ! If I could go iu with a cutlass and a brace of pistols 1" "It is impossible," said Mr. Murridgc, " She must have dono it. Why did sho turn so palol Why did she tremble ! Why aro her cheeks so red 1 -She must hare dono it. Why did sho refuse to take up tho caso ? Sho must —very woll then. There is soinothing' behind it ; something that Dick can't find out. Very well then. Tboy'vo got mo to deal with now. I will find out tho truth for myself." CnArTEn EC. — TUB Broken- RIXO. " Calista," said Norah, half an hour later, walking into tho infants' word, "I havo come to stay with you a little." " To stay with me ? My dearNornbl What has happened?" " Nothing. I have left Mr. Murridgc. That is all. I am come to stay with you." " Tell me, Norah, what is it ? " Nothing." In proof of this assertion sho hurst into tears nud fell upon her sister's neck, " Toll mo Norah." " I cannot, yet. Write to mother nnd toll her that I am here — say, if you plcaso, for n holiday. Yes, tell her I am hero for a holiday." " Go into my room dear. I will bo with you directly, and then you shall tell me as much as you plcaso." The sisters' room is at the end of the ward, so that oven when sho i3 asleep sho is never really away from her charge. It is at onco licr bedroom nud her sittingroom, furnished with a table and easy clinir as well as a bed. In Calista'a case — but this I beliovo is matter of individual taste — there wcro books, on tho im- probablo chanco that sho might find timo to read a litllo, — and pictures nnd work. Hero Norah sat down and took off hat nnd jacket, wondering how long people livo who are ac cused of dreadful and shameful things. "Don't nsk me why I am here," she said when Calista, after seeing that every baby wns comfortable, and having examined tho thermometer aud looked to tho Tcntilation. Don't ask me, Calista, because I cannot tell even you — I can tell no one." " Yon have left Mr. Mnrridge, dear ?" " Yes, I have left him. I cau never, never, go back to him again. And, oh ! Calista, I must see Hugh as soon as possiblo — directly." " He is somewhere in tho hospital. I will send for him. Ho can sec yon in tho corridor or somewhere. You aro going to toll him what has happened ? "I am going to tell him, Calista," said Norah, frigidly, "that it is nil over between ns. I am going to give him back his ring — " " Oh I Norah I" "Please don't ask mo why — I cannot tell you. It is not my fault, Calista," she said, whilo tno tears came again. "It is not my fault." Callota remembered Dick's strange words on Sunday, "Whatever happens if will be her fault. "Tell me,' sho said, "What liar Dick dono?" " I cannot tell you." Then it wns something done by Dick. How- liad he managed to make mischief between Mr. Murridge and Norah? Calista resolved upon taking the earliest opportunity of seeing Master Dick. Unfortunatoly tho events of the next day made that interview impossible for some time to come. The corridor in tho Children's Hospital, Shadwell, is a quiet place for a lovers' tryst, though not, liko a bosky grovo, entirely se cluded from observation. And there ore no flowers or hedges in it, and the spicy breezes blow not over cottngo gardens but over tbo London Docks, which is perhaps tbo reason why tliey aro sometimes very highly spiced. It is, howovor, safe from being overheard. There fore when Norah went out to meet her lover there, sho began quite comfortably, to cry. "Oh, Hugh!" sho said, "I wonder "if you will bo sorry." "What for, dear?" " I wonder whether yon will console yourself very soon. There arc lots of prettier and better girls in tho world. Oh I you will' soon bo nappy again without me." " My dearest child 1 What do you mean ?" "I mean, Hugh, that it is all over. Tukn back your ring. Our engagement is broken off." Hugh put his hands behind hira. " You must tako it, Hugh, I am serious." " I shall not take it, Norah. I am serious, too. It takes two to make an engagement, and two to break it off. I refuse, my darling." " Hugh, it must be." " Tell me why it must he?" " Because — because — I cannot tell you. Oh 1 Hugh — believe mo — I can novcr marry you now and I can never marry anyone. " Why — why — why ?" "Hugh," alio turned upon him n pair of tho most sorrowful eyes over seen, " would you like to marry a girl disgraced for over ?" " Disgraced, Norah '?" " Disgraced. Go away, Hugh ; I can tell you no more ?" " This is wonderful trnly," said her lover. 'AYlto dares to speak of disgraco and my Norah in tho samo breath ? My dear, when wo two plighted our troth, and kissed each other first, it was like tho church servico, you know — for better for worse. Perhaps a littlo of the worse has come at the very beginning. Let mo share it with yon." Ho took lier tearful fnce in liis hands — one on each side — and kissed her forehead and her lips. "There is troublo in tlieso eyes," he 6aid, " but no disgrace. Norah, I flatly refuso to break it off". What will yo-.i do then!" " Nothing," she replied. "I can do nothing. But I am in Ecrions, terribly serious earnest, Hugh." " Then tell me— tell me nil." She hesitated. The girl who hesitates is not always lost. " I have been charged with a terrible accusa tion, Hugh — a dreadful accusation. And I liavo nothiug to meet it with hut my own denial." "That is enough for those who love you, Norah." ' It is a charge for which pcoplo aro every day sent to prison." She shuddered nud trembled. "Do you nndcrstaud that, Hugh ? You nro engaged to a girl who may even be sent to prison becnuso I cannot prove that I am innocent. What cnu innocent pcoplo do when other people tell lies about them ? I am dis graced, Hugh." "No, dear, yon cannot he disgraced by n false accusation. Tell mo all — exactly — as it happened. " No, I cannot toll you — I will not. Lei bim And out tlie troth for himself. It is so hard for mo to bear tho falsehood.; it will bo harder for him to hear tho truth." . " Toll me the truth, then, Norah." ' No, Hugh ; I will tell no one — not oven you." " Norah, dear, it is my right to ask it." " Then I withdraw the right. Wo nro not bngoged any longer, Hngli. " Toll m'o this, then. It is something con nected with Mr, Murridgc? " Norah made no reply. " anything to do with Dick ?» Still sho was silent. " Dick camo hero on Sunday sn,m„v , miserable. Norah, let me bear yoffldt! 41 You cannot bear my burdens T „ he right. Hugh, as long as ing over mo, until my accuser shall withdraw Ms chargo I am not engaged to v! om Hugh. I am in dreadful earnest " i his nng from her finger nnd kissed it ? fragilo littlo thread ot gold 6ct with nrari emeralds. " Take it, fiugh," F W'S aal ni?irrcf,n5cii a Gesture, u y0„ m , Oh, Hugh, von must. Can I wear ' Take it "mift hal0 lmndciliTs on my St n . r Aff!un ho rcfuscd. She tivi'ted if with anil the gold snap; cd «W rmgte, broken, Hugh. No-lc!' g0!,'rt .Ho tried to hold her ; ho implored her to lef Mm speak, but she broke from him and (let swiftly down the corridor to her sister's wli Presently Calista came out aml (om. 'L resident medical standing beside the open irin uow, confused aud liMviMmwi m "Do not contradict her," she said. "let her have her own way. Sho tells me tiiatVlTo haB broken off her engagement, and she is cry- ing aud sobbing in my room, Ilueli if te something that Dick hj done"' ituFc'etiia of it. Ho was here on Sunday, gloomy and careworn. Ho told mc-he warned 'me, he said, that whatever happened was Noraii's fault' because, you know, she refused him " Did hos&y; those words? Hois a enr, Ca- !!? -F0 lvas 11 cnr at school, and ho is a cur still. But what could lie door say? Sho has been accused. Ilnsb, Calista, the very whisper makes one 's cheeks hot. She has been accu'cd of something— something, sho says, for which pcoplo arc sent to prison. Think of that— our poor Norah ! Our poor child!" Calista laughed scornfully. "Oh!" she said, "this is foolish. This is absurd. AVUo con havo accused her ?" "I do not know, but I will find out before long." "Slie has left Mr. Mnrridge she tells me " "Then it must bo Mr. Mumdi" Dick." - "Hugh! can it be that D:-'' self-. Sho did not fini"' question, because Hugh answered it. » ...poiisive light in bis ojres. 1 b " JE PrcS1"" j said. "This morn ing there is raue' , nut in tho afternoon I will go and sk Murridgo myself. Sonic- how or other, Calista, wo will get to the bottom of this." '.'Dick could not," said Calista. «- Oh, it is impossible. Consider. Wo have always known Dick ; he is almost a brother. He has been our friend and companion all the days of liis life. He thought lip was iu love with Norah. Can a man make lore to a girl and ask her to be his wife ouo day and the next day accuso her of abominable and shameful things ? It is impossible, Hugh. Don't lot us suspect Dick of anything so bad as that." ; Why, then, did lio give you that warning, Calista? Yet wo will not suspect him until I havo seen Mr, . Murridgo, We can consider what is to be done. Perhaps you will lie able to lay this spectre. Then you cau sec her and console her as much as you please." Norah sat on Calista s bed crying. Presently sho loft off ciying and began to wonder how a man could bo so revengeful nud so wicked. Because now sho understood quite clearly that the thing most have been done by no other than Dick, who in ordor to screen himself and avert suspicion had deliberately and in cold blood accused her. And this was her old play fellow and tho man who had told her ho loved her 1 She sat there until the evening. Then sho got np, bathed her tearful face, brushed her hair, and went out into the ward. " I am come to work Calista, dear. I must work. It will do mo good to sit up all night. If I lie down I shall hear voices nnd sco figures. Let me stay here among the babies and help to nurso." Tho day nurses wont away and the night nurses camo to tako their places, and among these Norali watched and worked all the briof summer night till the early morning, when tho sun rose over tho silent city of labor, and then she sat down in a chair aud fell asleep. At flvo o'clock Calista camo out in her dressing gown, and tho nurses carried her to the sisters'.room, and laid her on tho bed just n3 sho was in her clothes and sleeping heavily. Ciutteb X. — Tire Advertisement. In tho wholo of Dick Murridgo's future life, whether that be long or short, ono day will stand out in his memory as the most nnlncky. Every man who has been weak and wicked thinks that the day on whicli he was found out was tho most unlucky day in bis life. Of course, he should consider that tho day wlieu he first left tho path of virtuo was really that day: but to arrivo at that conclusion implies a re turn in heart and soul to that thorny path. The wicked man not infrequently turns away from hia wickedness ; so many forces act upon him in tho direction of righteousness that ho cannot chooso hut walk uprightly ; but it is seldom, indeed, that ho regards the dodges, tricks, cheats, nnd deceptions of tho past with aught hut complacency. There was nothing at first to raise special apprehensions on that morning. His fnlherwas gloomy at breakfast ; ho bad lost his clerk as well as his £60, and the clerk was by far the more serious loss of the two ; also, he could not understand, in spite of liis own maxims, bow tbo girl could possibly have done it aud what sho meant by avowing tlio worse piece of ovidenco- against licr and tlicu bidding bim tnko up tho. caso Jura, soif. But to hia son lie said nothing that might alarm him. Dick, indeed, accepted liis father's silence as a proof that nothing more was going to bo done, which was all that lie wanted. Norali would ho forgiven, he fondly thought. Sho was so useful that sho would have to he forgiven. As if Mr. Murridgo was tho kiud of mnu to sit down satisfied while so strango a tiling ns this remained unexplained nnd unpunished. Dick, liko many crafty per sons, was in this belief n great fool. In fact the wholo history of crimo shows a very remarkable connection between tlio fool and tlio knavo. Tlioro is a hitherto unexplained deve lopment of tlio imaginative faculty which gee' along with great craftiness nnd happily pre"1' its possessor from seeing things in their right proportions, so that ho frequently gets caught in his own not. And as if Norah was tho hrad of girl to accept forgiveuess. , . , „ Ho spent tho morning, for tho third tunOi iii. fhd Count, who wus showing him most I '.rnriaiiK tilings with the curds, things which clearly perceived might, in tho hands of ono who would do thorn dexterously, load to S11'? Xhero was a time, " said tho Count, "when I could do thoso things, before X lost my iiuger. Do you think I used to live in a place this, the companion of such men as coino here every nieht. I havo shown you how to do them, Anybody may learn how they aro done. But (here urc few indeed who can do them so ss never to bo suspected or caught. I havo watched you, my frieud, and I know thut you can learn. X will make you, if tou please, and can work patiently aud aro coat ntcd to advauco little uy little, a master of tho great art." The great nrt, of course, was tlio practical ap- plication of scientific legerdemain to card play ing and gambling, In its simplor forms it means turning tho king, forcing a suit, making tho bridge, palming a card, giving yonr adver sary tho worst hands and yourself tho host. When a young man lias learned these things uid can do tliem with a turn of the wrist and .vithout a movement of tho eye ho has iudccd idvanced far, and may bo trusted to cam for himself a very decent and comfortable main tenance. But thcro are higher flights, aud although thcro aro mnny about the gaming tables who know something of thorn, thorn nover was ono who brought to his profession a keener intellect, more copious resources, n greater wealth of trickery in its higher and most occult branches than the Signor Giuseppe Pirancsi. \- < And when I have learned all this, what am I to do ?" Long before that time comes, you will he glad of the protection which I can givo you — ask 1110 when the tronbio comes." . I. « What do you moan by tho trouble ? You arc always talking about the tronbio." Dick throw tho cards upon tho tnblo. "Hell you there is no troublo coming." » And I tell yon, young gentleman, there is avory great troublo coining, mid that very soon. I have scen it coming day after day. I belicvo Richard, that it bos come upon you this \- very day. .1 bcliovc you will not go homo to w father's this evening." ' tried not to tremble, but lie succeeded X " -Hid to laugh, and there oamo n dismal ci. . 'iked up the cards, but his hand shoofe:. man a prophet ? . I Havlj ,3am, my son," said tho count softlyX. ,amed that age and youth, experience arid: n» .pencuco might holp each other." ' '.. i " What has that got to do with me— and the trouble?" "Walt, wait and listen. My dream was of an old man and a young man. Thoy travelled together and were partuers, though no ono know it. ' They worked together. Tho old man knew whore to go, and tlib young man know how to work. He had been tanght by the old man. They went wherever tho money is. There arc only half a dozen plnccs in tho world worth going to. Whcrovcr'thnl is, there aro young fellows who aro fools enough to think thoy can win at the groon table. Do you begin to understand'this dro'nm?" . " What has it got to do with the trouble ? " Tho trouble may bo the means of making this dream a reality. It is n beautiful dream, my young friend. Thcro is in it tho life of lnxniyaud of . ease and of love." .Ho spoke slowly, and watched his companion tiiough- fully. . Dick's face showed no emotion at the mention of luxury and love. Of tho former he know nothing anil of tho latter very little. "Aud a lifo of getting money in it— money, tuy yonug friend." Dick's cold eyes lit up. "It will only bo liecossary for you to follow my instructions and to be my pupil. Yon must obey- ino and yon shall bo my partner. I will mnnngo to introduce you. As for me, I shall play square like the fools at the tnble, be cause this cursed loss of my finger prevents me from playing any other way. But you — yon — von sniill play with every udrautagc of science, skill and courage." _ " Oh 1 " Dick,' it is fair to say, had no ob jections on tho score of honesty, but he dis trusted his own powers. " Oh, it is impos sible." "A beautiful dfeam ; ovorywhoro tlio most delightful lifo and tho easiest. Everywhere the fools who sit about (ho , table and oxpoct to win. Perhaps. n time may come when it will ho' no dream 'but a reality. " The Count sighed and Dick's eye kindled. "A divine life ; with every thing that can ho bought, aud always inonoy at your finger ends. _ Suppose you wore my pupil in earnest —not in this trifling way— in earnest. In six months I could teach you enough. Then wo would begin. You should bo tho young Englishman on bis .travels. No ono suspects tho youug Englishman of fortune ; he is always a fool ; ho is always tho prey of tho profession. Would yon liko to bo that young Englishman? Ho loses when the stakos are low, and ho wins when tho stakes ore high. Would that suit yon?" 6 . '-Tho spider has many blandishments. To tho fly ho talks the lauguage of innoccnco, of flattery, of disinterested friendship and of love. But to his; brother spider he uses a different kmd of talk. Ho prates of wolis, their strength and their extent ; and ho sighs for the fatness "f the Soptomber fly. , " If I could only get awny," Dick said. " As for tho city, I hato it. If I could only get away," Yon may — yon shall. My dear 'young fnend, I will help you bccauso yon will help mo. That' is tho . truo foundation of friend ship. My secrets aro yours, and yours are mine for tho future. Wo mnsttrnst oach othor bccauso we can ho of scrvico to each other. Hands upon it." - ' Gick gavo liiin his hand. " So, said tho count. " Now,: my friend, I havo lusinoss. I will lcavo yon hero. I shall return in two horns. You will 5tay- hero." I'or tho first timo ho assumed a tono of commnud. " Yon will not loavo this honso until my return." Ho put on his hat and lit a cigarette. " By tho way, havo yon got mo another clicquo?" " No," said Dick, shortly. " I havo hod tbrco cheques — thoy were all "gilt, I hopo — all on tho square? " " Of conrso thoy wore all right. Why should they not bo all right?" " Good, Very good. Your socrots are mino end mino nro yours. Partners such as wo shall ho liavo no secrets from each other, liavo thoy ? ou can read tho papor meanwhiio. Bead all Go laughed pleasantly nnd went nway. le,ft olono, began to imagine the life which perhaps lay before him. His own had k wnn?,l l! ui!at w ad not the Ioast iclea whftt uwt il re ®ut there would bo no city work, no office, no drudgery of copvin" and of making up books. There would bo chamre and excitement in it. There would ho money in it, and gambling (on tiio snfo sido) in it. Was tho count serious ? Yet lie had already spent a fn l„ i 1 h frol'. c 0VCl'hil11 1 Ah wa. not likely r nnd troul,l for nothing. himself S SMh a lifo dcl,cwlci1 "1' seizoJ tho pnek 0f Clml3 nnd j,cgln to practiso some of the passes and tricks which tho tho Count hail tanght him. But ho was excited and nervous. Tho most that lie had dared to hopo that morning, was, safety for a time, what was opened np for him now was more than safety for a time— it was rescue. . The Count said that the troublo was perhaps nv"" mat did lie know? trouble . V, hy, the chcquei < were burned with Me cheque book, lhere can ho no fore-cry un less tho documents are produced, and in this case the documents were destroyed. Oh ! what a glorious chonco was that which placed in Ins own hands tho proofs of his own guilt ? lite cheques were bnrncd. Even if his father discovered tho truth, ho could do nothing _ nothing at all. Thcro would bo a row. There would cerlaiuly bo. a- row well, tho greatest row breaks no bones. And ho would perhaps ho turned into tho street. Yerv well. Then perhaps tho Couut would reiilly do what ho had promised— bccomo his friend and partner. Because, yon sec, Dick had as vet none of tho sense of honor which exists between brothers in iniquity and makes 'them tree to each other. That hod to bo crealcd and do- vclopcd in . him. He could do nothing ibis morning with the cards. He throw them down nnd took up the paper, it was the Times, and onihe second column in tho outside sheet his eyes eyes feci on tho following advertisement : " Fifteen pounds reward.— Whereas on the 3rd, tho 5th and 11th days of Jane respectively, there were prcscutcd and casiicd at the Royal City and Provincial Bank, Finsburv Circus Branch, three cheques each fori; 12, paj;- able to self or bearer, and purporting to be signed by myself, the above-nanicii reward will bo paid to auy person who shall discover the man who presented them, lie is described ns an elderly wan, well dressed, speaks with a foreign accent, lias white hair and a white moustache without hoard, and has lost the forefinger of his right hand." Signed) Jonx MunniDan, Finsbury Circus, Mr. Murridgo, in short, was a practical man. Tho ense perplexed and worried liim. lie could sco no way. out of it. Norah stolo tho cheques. That was certain. What for ? Sho and her brother presented two of them— that was certain, why? And who presented tlio other three? There cannot, ho argued, he two men in London with these three distinctivo character istics— first, age ; then, of a foreign ncccnt ; anil thirdly, with tho loss of a forefinger on tne right linnd. The. man ho wanted must have been either an accomplice in this robbery, or a tradesman who received payment with these cheques, in tho former case ho might be discovered by someone who would sec the advertisement; in the latter ho might himself come forward. He was quite right. Tho advertisement produced the man. It did more. There were, I think, fifty-two members of tho club. It was, therefore, rcmurkablo that in the morning of the next day Mr. Murridgo received forty-six letters, nil from tho immediate neighborhood of St. Pan- eras, King's Cross and Camden Town, and all informing, him that tho writer had it in his power to produce tho man advertised for, on tho receipt of tho promised reward, for which he wonhl call on an appointment being made. Thirty -six of tho writers followed up the letters bv a personal call uuiuvitcd ; twenty-six were abusive when thoy found that thoy had to go away with nothing, not oven their tempers which they lost in tho office. And ten wont away with the sorrow which comos of a good action frustrated. Thero would havo been fifty-one letters in all, but unfortunately the re maining five did not seo the Times. A simple advertisement. Nothing more. Yot it knocked down at one stroke tho wholo of Dick's careful couslructiou. No mora was left of it by mid day than tho remains of an ico' palace in the summer. Dick knew that. Tho moment ho read the advertisement ho nndorstood exactly what was going to happen. Ho was certain that his friend had gone to his father's offico. At two o'clock tho Count returned. "My friend," he said gravely, "yon hnvo done wrong." V What havo I dono ? " " You linve not trusted me. . A dozon times have I asked you if thoso cheques were right." "Well — thoy arc— " he began. "Havo done -with lies," said tho count roughly, " understand; onco and for all, that there are to bo no more lies between us. Yon aro to tell mo tho' truth— always do you hoar? Elso you go your own way. Eron this morn ing I gavo you onotlior clmnco." " Yon ought to liavo shown ino tho paper." « You might havo soon tho papor." "Havo you been to my father?" " I liavo, in any case I should havo gone to him. What? Am I to bo advertised for? Ami to . go into hiding places ? Besides" — hisfaco broke into n sweot mile, " there aro our dear friends tho members of tho club. Do yon think (hat, for £15, these worthy gentlemen would not rush to denounce tho man without tho forefinger ? Therefore I anticipated thorn— Why not?" , Dick waited to know wlint happened. <i i took n cab.' I drovo to Finsbury Circus, I seat my card to your fatiior. Ho was not alone, but ho admitted mo immediately." " What did ho say?' "Nothing. Your father said nothing. From which I augur tho worst. For myself, as lio might wish to licar from mo further, I havo ;ivcn him my nauio nnd my address— not in his house." " Ho knows that I gavo you thoso cheques 1 Did ho say nothing ?" " Ho said nothing. Whon you go homo this ovcninglio will, without doubt, hnvo a great deal to say. But to mo ho said nothing at all. Thcro is more, however. I was not alouo." "Who was thoro?" " Your father knows now that you gavo two raoro cheques to bo cashed, and tlmt there was another clicquo half filled up. A boy in the office lias found this and givoa it to yonr father," "I know tho little devil had got it. I wish I had him hero just for iivo minutes. I wish I had him. here." "He had also picked np and gummed to gether tho fragments of a papor written all over by yoa in imitation of your father's handwrit ing. A dangerous boy !" " I wisli Iliad him hero." " What will you do now I" . "I won't go homo again," said Dick. "Well?" - "Oh I" 9ricdDick, "let that dream of yours como to something, Count. Teach mo nil you can, aud I will obey yon, and bo yonr scrvaut and yonr partner in nnything you please. I was a fool not to tell you nil n week ago and more." It was foolish indocd because I gnessed tho 'mill all along. There aro many young men who do these tilings, Thoy arc always found out, and then thero is troublo. As for them, they nro mostly silly boys who nro born ouly to sink and to bo forgotten. But yoa uro different, you arc clover though too crafty and cold, and though you nro as yet too easily frightened ; you havo courage, of a kind— such n kind as I want. Therefore I will help you." Dick murmured something about gratitude. "No," said the Count, "do not talk of gratitude. First of nil you will stav hero for n few days until I am ready. While yon are hero you mint not leave this room ; you aro a prisoner. I will give out to tho landlord that you aro an invalid, so tlmt ho would not. sus pect, nnd yon will spend your time in practis ing tlio things I shall teach you. Courage, you liavo burned your boats. Yon have broken with tho past." Chapter XI. Tlio blackest cloud sat on the brow of Mr. Murridgo. _ Business was in his hands which wanted his clover clerk, aud sho was goao. Wonderful, tmhoard of, sho confessed what she had dono, nnd sho w;eut away without a word of excuse, without auy appeal to mercy, j'ust as if somebody olso had doao the thing. Never was audacity more complete. "I could forgive her," said Mr. Murridgc, " I feel it is in rao to forgive her." Perhaps the thought of her cleverness nnd the loss of iicr departure, greatly assisted him to this Christian framo of miud. " Yes, I feel that I could forgive her ; I could stop tlio £60 out of hor salary, aud we could go on just exactly the same ax before, only I should lock np the cheque book, if shc-'u saly tell mo why she did it aud say sho was sorry. Aud tho littlo devil goes off witli a toss of her head aud a glare in her eyes, ns if somebody elso had taken tho cheques. It's wonderful, it's most wonderful." Meantime, how could he replace her? " I'll make her como back to mo," ho said. " If she won't accept my terms, I'll prosecute her— even without the cheques, Sho must liuve taken them out of Dick's drawer, too— women will do anything — anything. But tlmt was clover. What will her father say ? ,1 don't care. I'll prosecute tlio ITonorablo ' Norah Cronnn, daughter of the Right Honorablo Vis count Clonsiila, for forgery, tlmt is " ho paused, " if I can, without tho cheques, And then she will bo glad euougli to accept my terms." While Mr. Murridgo was thus breathing fury nnd ilamos lie rcccivod n call. A young gon- tlcinnn, wlioso nppcaranco was unknown to him, kuockcd at his door nnd walked in. " My name is Aqtiilu," he'said. " You will under stand why I have called when I tell you that I am engaged to Miss Norah Cronan." " Oh 1 Mr. Murridgc replied with a snort, " Yoa aro, aro you ? And has that young lady seen you sinoo yesterday moraiug.?" " Yes, I have seen her." "Has sho made any kind of statement to you ? Do you understand wlmt 1ms hap pened ?" " I learn from licr that some kind of charge has boon brought against her." " Sho is accused— not by me, but by another — of theft and forgery. Sixty pounds is the total. Sixty pounds, youug gentleman." Ho leaned hack in liis chair repeating these words with a kind of langh, but not tho kind of laagh which awakens a responsive smile.'" Sixty, pounds is the amount. I havo been robbed in my own offico of sixty pounds by fire distinct for geries. Why, she made no bones of confessing tho thing to me — laughed at it — that's what sho did — laughed at it. Told me to find tho truth for myself." t ' . "Confessing? Norah confessing?" "Certainly. And if, young gentleman, you can explain how she camo to confess without tho loast shamo or how sho camo to do it all, or for whoso sake — why, I should bo glad to hoar that explanation. Como. Let mo understand. Howcottld sho confess? What did sho say, exactly ? Tell mo her words." "Sho confessed that slio cashed one of tlio cheques liersolf and that her brothor cashed another. Is not that confession enough for you." ' ' Nothing wonlil bo onongh for me, becnuso I am as firmly convinced of hor innocencoas of my own.' Mncli moro firmly, in fact, bccauso Norah conld- novcr, under any temptations, do this thing whllo I— I do not know. Consider, Mr. Murridgo," tho young man's voico trembled, ' 1 this is a truly dreadful charge to bring against anyono, and most of all against a girl. . Yet you talk of it as if it were not only a possible charge bnt already provod." "Every day, in ibis city," said Mr. Murridgo, " thero nro robberies of this kind. Thoy nro nil committed by perfectly innocent persons, previously J unsuspected. When thoy are found out, tho iirst cry is that it is im possible. Now, young gcntlomnn, I am very sorry for tho girl's sake — I don't know another person in tho world — there isn't a single other person — for whom I would suy so much. Tho tiling is impossible, is it not ? Yot— you see — it has happened." " Is that all — tell mo exactly — is it all that Norah said ?" " Sho said that slio would answer ho more questions." « Is that nil ? " . Not quite. What sho said then— I can't un derstand it — was that I must fiud oat tho triith for myself. What do yon mako of that ?" " Why, that yon havo not got tho truth yot. Have you set to work to find out the truth ? Stay — lot ns first send for her brother. Will you lot me put a question to him in your pre- sonco?" 1 By nil means. Send tho offico boy for him in a cab." Hugh hastily wroto a note and despatched tho boy in n hansom.- From the city to Gower- streot by n tolerably swift cab takes twenty minutes. Tbo had, therefore, forty minutos, at least, to wait, "And now," said Mr, Murridgo, "slnco your relations with this young lady are so in timate, and you know so much, it would be just as well if you know all." Ho opened his safe and took from it a roll of paper. " This document," ho said," was placed in my hands by no other tiiau. my own son. Read it, remembering that tho girl is his old companion and friend from childhood." Iliigli rend it through, 6lowly and delibe rately. Then be read it a second time. " You accopt this statement," ho asked, "without question?" "Surely. It is a perfectly plain statement by my own sou, who. can liavo nothing what- over to gain by misrepresenting tbo facts. You observe that ho suppressed as long. as ho could the first and most important fact. Hugh made no reply, but ho read tho paper a third time. Then he looked carefully about tlio room. "Come, Mr. Murridgc," ho said, "let us examine this document witli a littlo more care. Dick says that Norah shut the door ; that tho door, as sometimes happens, was not quite close hnt'stood ajar ; that from tho place where he sat ho could seo through this partly opeu door. Como into tlio other ofiico witli mo. He care fully adjusted tho door, so that it should bo njor at an angle of about clorcn and a-liatf de grees, which is, so to speak, a good largo jar. "Now," ho said, " if it was ajar it certainly could not havo boon wider tlinu this. Hero are two tables nnd two chairs — I supposo lie must liavo boon sitting at ono of them while ho saw through tho door ajar." " Tiiis is my son's chair." " Sit here, then," aud Hugh went on, " tell me what you can soo in your own office ?" . . Nothing whatever could be seen of tbo inner ofiico from Dick's seat, and nothing from the other seat. This will be readily understood if wo remember that tho fireplace win on the same sido for both rooms, and that Mr. Mur ridgc sat near the fire in his room; and Dick between tho fireplace and tlio window iu his, while tlio offico boy was accommodated with a table and a chair on tho other side of tho fire. " Very good" said Hugh. "Tho first point of the story is that yonr soil saw Norah from his own placo, through the partly opened door. Now, iu order to sbo hor ho would have boen obliged to lcavo his scat and go on to tho othor sido of tho room." " That makes no differcnco" said Mr. Mar- ridge, "The point is that he saw what was being dono. Ho may havo been standing — or pryiug and pooping, that matters nothing. " I do not agree with you," said Hugh. "The point is that, not being curious, ho saw without taking the troublo to spy." "Still, no differcnco. Why sliouldn't he spy? A man doesn't like to confess that ho was prying and spying." Hugit went on to nnothcr point. " He says that Norah folded tlio cheques and placed them iu licr bosom. Vory good, let us seo tho cheques." " They are lost — thoy have been stolen." " That is indeed unfortunate. Did you see tlioin before they were stolon ? " "Of course I did-" "In what manuer had thoy been folded 1 " It was a bow drawn at a venture. But Air. Murridgc changed countenance and was discon certed. . "Strange," ho said, "I had forgotten. Only ono was folded. Tho - others had boon rolled or carried flat .in a pocket book — I noticed that they were not folded. But one wo3 folded. I ain certain that ono of them was folded." " This makes, yon see, the second mistake in this document " " What do theso little mistakes matter in so weighty n charge as tills ? My son says that ho saw with his own oyes — it doesn't signify to mo whether ho was pooping through a kcyholo — he actually saw Norah tear thoso cheques out of the book — yon capuot got over that plain fact " " Plainly, then, Mr. Murridgo, I don't belicvo it. If that is tho only way out of the difficnlty, I do not belicvo it." " You think my son led ? " " I am perfectly sare that this statement is false." . " Yon aro engaged to tho youug lady j yon are bound to say that. But, young gentleman, get over the confession if you can. I toll you I am ready to boiicvo that my son was mistakon if yoa can got over tho plain (nets — that I havo been robbed, and that Norah hos coufosscd." " Let us wait till hor mother comes." Ho sat down opposite to Mr. Alurridge, and tiloy waited. Thcro was nearly half nn honr yet to wait. To sit opposite to a man for half an honr, waiting for a question to bo asked, a qncstion in which is concerned tho honour of tho girl you Iovo is awkward. While they waited, however, thero came another visitor. Air. Murridgo's door wus standing wide open, and tho visitor walked iu. Ha was nn elderly gentleman, with n largo white moustache, very neatly dressed, with an upright soldierly bearing. Ho took off liis hat politely, aud as ho did so Mr. Afurridgo started, because ho rccognisod tho man for whom ho had that morning adver tised. At least this man was short of ono. fin ger. Tho forefinger of his right hand was gone, " YouaroArr. Jolm Murridgo," ho nskod, in a slightly foreign accent, " I am, sir, and you ? " I believe I am tlio man whoso description is given iu tho Times of this morning." " l'ray go ou, sir." "It is perhaps unusual to advertise for n gentleman nndor tho promise of a reward, as if ho was a criminal." " If ho is wanted for ovidonco, why not ? " " "You may withdraw that advertisoment, air. and von mar savo vour mouev. I am tho man who presented theso clieqnos at yonr hank, oach for twelve pounds, nnd each signed by yourself." "Oh!" said Air. Murridgo. "Now wo shall sco ; " ho turned to Hugh. " Forhaps, as you feol so strongly iu this business you, would now liko to lenvo mo nlono with this — this gentleman. It may savo you a great blow." " On tho contrary, I feel so strongly about it that I must ask your permission to hear what he has to say." "As yon plcaso. It is tho next stop in this inquiry. You understand thnt I shall connect theso threo cheques, as well -'as tho other two, with Norah and hor brothor." "You will try " "Tho question is," said Air. Alurridgo,1 "first, where you got thoso cheques, and next; for what consideration ? " " As regards tho first," replied tho' stranger, "you ought to know to whom you gavo thorn." i '"I did not givo them to anyone. Thoso' cheques wore stolon, and tho signature is ft. forgery." ... j "Really! That is awkward. Is is very awkwnrd. "But toll us,": cried Hugh impatiently springing to his feet, " Tell us, man." "Iam much distressed to hear this," said tho strauger. "I confess when I saw tho adver j tisement this morning that I feared there wa9 something wrong about tho cheques. I nni most distressed." " " Yon havo not onsivorod my qncstion yot," said Mr. Murridgo. ' " Novor mind your dis; tress. Damn your distress, sir I " "Iain only distressed on your account, sir, . however. Tho person from whom I received thoso cboquos was yonr own son, Mr. Richard, Mnrridgo, " What 1" Mr. Alnrridgo shrieked. " Yonr own son, no other, certainly." Hugh sat down. " Why — why— for what considcartion did yon receive that monoy." ' ( In- part payment of a loan. I had lent my young friend, from timo to timo, sums of monoy amounting in all" — ho produced a pocket book and looked at an cntiy — " to £49 13s. Ho has paid me by threo instalments of £12 each, £36. Thcro remains, therefore, tho sum of £13 13s,, thirtoon guineas as yon say. For this I havo his acknowledgment. Hero it is !" Ho handed Mr. Alurridge a slip of papor— a simple LO.U., drawn -and signed -by his son. Air. Murridgc examined it ns he held it in his - ' hand, tho room became dark, and tho figure! bofore him in it stood as if in a thick cloud, and Hugh's voico was liko a voice in a dream. For ho suddenly understood that it was his son, and not Norah at all, -who hod done this thing, and he saw in the signature of his son what he . had nover noticed before — perhaps ho had never before scon his son's signature— a fatal resem blance to his own. . " You hnvo not jot, sir," said Hugh, , " given us your name anil address," Tho strauger laid his card upon the table. Hugh took it, read it, and handed it to Air. . Murridgo. " Signor Ginsoppo Piranesi, 53 Argylo- square. Tlmt address will always find mo. I am in lodgiug3 thoro. That addre53 wil) find mo for a few weeks longer." " Why did yon lend my son monoy ?" Air. Afurridgo oskod quietly, " To pay his losses at cards." "His losses at — cards? Dick's losses al cards ? " Your sou's losses at cards." . -i You will have to prove thoso things, sir," said Air. Mnrridge. " Yon will havo to prove thorn. You shall go before a magistrate." "Before tho Lord Alayor, if yon please. Meantime I will keop this littlo document" (ho replaced tho I.O.U. in His. pocket book), "and if I might suggest as tho next stop, you might put one or two questions to your son. As, first, how and where he spends his even ings? aud next, how he has dono lately in tlio matter of luck ? and, thirdly, who has lent liinj monoy to go on with ?" Air. Alurridge said nothing. "As to tlio first, lie will reply that ho spends all his.oroniugsat a certain club where thcro is social conversation with a little friendly card- playing, such as abaccaret table and tables for: e'eurte, and so forth, and that he is a gambler, acharnd ; for his ago I havo nover seen a more- determined gambler. As for the second ques tion, bo will tell yon that luck lias boon vory much against him for some weeks: and as to. the third, that tho proprietor of tho club lent him monoy from time to time. When- yon have put theso questions and received their answers, I think you will not want to go before auy magistrates. " You arc, thon," said Hugh, "tho proprietor of this gambling club." " I am its founder, yonug geutloman. I shall bo happy to welcomo you in caso you, too, like Mr. Richard Murridgo, are devoted to tho green table. You will fiud the clab a highly rcspostablo body of gentlemen." .. Mr. Alurridge sat quite silent. Just thon Daffodil arrived. , " What do you want mo for ? Is my father elevated to an earl or a duko ?" ' "Will you ask liiin tho question, or shall I," said Hugh. Air. Murridgo shook bis head. . " Well, thou, ".Hugh went on, "Bo serious; Daff, if yo i can. Do you remember cashing s cheque at tho Royal City and Provincial Bank tho other day? " Yes — I cashed a cheque all right. For £1S it was." i ' How did yon got that cheque ?" " Why, Dick givo it to mo ?" Asked mo to cash it for him ou my -way to Crosby Hall, whore T. was to moot him. I gave fiiiu the money. Why?" .. . "Never mind why. Do yon know tkif gentleman?" - - - . . Tho Signor offered his himd. . .. - " It is my young friond whom fortune favors.' When shall yon como. again?" : 1 0- Tho young man blushed'. I know hiin," he said, I havo seen him twice." ; " Only twico ?" Hugh asked; -.'.' Consider ?" " Only twice, " replied tho Signor; ' tho young gontlcmnn has only twico boon to tha Club." " .' 'Ss- " Are you in the habit of gambling; Daff ?",- - "I've only gambled twico in my lifo," he re plied, blushing. " Are you in debt ?" ' ' I owo abont £5 to ray tailor. It. is mora than I can pay, bnt it is.all I owo,"; " Yon liavo only played cards for inonoy twico?" . . " I havo playod whist ofton onongh in some of tlio follows rooms for penny points. : Bnt I. have only gambled twico, the first timo I won 5s„ and tho second £2 10s. anduioro," " Woll, who took yon?" Daff hbsitntod and turned red again. "No ono likes to toll talos." You must toll us, it is for Norah's sake.',' ' Well then, Dick took me." ! . " Dick is my most regular member," said the. Signor, as if it was a credit to him. " He' begins with tho first and he plays on as long a'; lio can stay. Aly most regular member, there is no ono more regular, he should havo boon ft Russian, ' "Vory good! thoro is only ono othor qnesr,- tion I want to ask you. Did Dick to yonri knowledge over ask any ono elso to cash n cheque , for him?" ; " Onco ho nskod Nornh." " How do you know ?" " Norah toldino. Wo wero talking, and sli$ told mo. I said she hod no business to run jjrands for Dick," "Now, sir," said Hugh, "I liopo you un derstand tho reasons which prompted Norah to refuse any other answer." "There is villany," said Mr. -Alurridge, harshly, " villany somewhere. Dow do I knorv that this is not a conspiracy ? As for you, sir," turning to the signor, "Ibclicvo you can bo sent to prison for corrupting the young." Tho Signor Firancsi laughed courteously " I assure you sir," he said, " tho members of my club are all corrupt as regards gambling long before' tlioy come to me. " "And as for you, Mr. Murridgo shook bis list at Daffodil, " As for you, X behove you are in the job, Villuins all, villains all." " And I too,'1 saidHngb, " 1 am iu the job, too, I supposo," " You have got the girl to defend."' " Tho villany, Mr. Murridgo, is established nearer home. , You are ready, I hope, to acquit the persou first charged." " Certainly not. How do I know that this is not a conspiracy against my son ? Where is lie ? Let him be confronted with these two. Let me find the last of the stolen cheques. Now, all this time the door had been stand ing wide open and boliind it sat the office boy eagerly listening and drinking iu every word. Ho now for the first time understood exactly what had happened, and he now began to ex perience the joys of revenge because he hud it ill his power to" deal tho long meditated blow on ilio man who had called him a measly littlo devil. Accordingly ho stepped from his place and boldly entered tho inner office. "What do yon want," asked his master. Plcaso, sir, I've heard It all." "'What if you have ?" All the world shall know it before long." " Ploase, sir," tho boy's hearing was con siderably more linmhlc than that invariably adopted by his favorite heroes, hut the matter is more important than tho manner. " Please, sir, I'ro found something which Mr. Richard dropped." " \Vbat is it Tho hoy produced an envelope in which were two pieces of paper. Ouo of them, pink in color, ho laid on the table. " It is tho last of the cheques," cried Mr. Murridgc. The sig nature was only as yet in pencil, very carefully written. Tho rest of the cheque was filled up like all tho rest, it was drawn for the sum of £12, "What is the other pancr iu your hand," asked Hugh. " Mr. Richard was always writing fhing6and fearing tliora up. Oue day he speut all the morning iu writing over a single piece of paper, then ho tore it up into little pieces. I picked them up and pieced them together." He gave Mr. Murridgo the result. It was a half page of foolscap, It had boen torn into a hundred pieces, aud was put together like a child's pue- zle and gummed upon another paper. Across it was written over and over again, like one of Contts's cheques, tho name of John Murridge, John Murridge, John Murridge— all cxactlr (like — all in exact imitation of Air. Alurridgo's usual signature. " Are you satisfied now, sir ?" Hugh asked. ' I waut my sou's explanation. Yon can all g&. I am not satisfied till I hear my son's ex planation." ' Tbcy left liim, but in the ont cr office flic hoy sat with a broad grin upon his expressive counte nance. Ho was ono of nature's artless children, and the spectacle of Dick's downfall filled him with a joy which ho had not yet learned to sup- mess and was not ashamed to show. Presently Mr. Richard would come in unsuspecting ; then his father would call him aud the row would begin; and then tho policcmnn would bo called in, and they would all together to the Mansion House, where he, the office hoy, would give evidence, "and then," ho smiled sweetly, "X shall see him wriggle." The office boy sat all day long, lulled with this pleasant anticipation, and quite contented, though he had no novelette in the drawer. Mr. Richard would como upstairs unsuspecting ; his father would call him. Unfortunately Mr. Richard did not come that day at all. The office boy was disappointed. The row would take place in the privacy of Camden Town. Again, unfortunately, though Mr. Murridge went homo thinking he would got that oxplanatian from his son, ho was un able even to ask it, for his son was ont when he arrived, and did not como home at all that night, and tho office hoy will now probably never see Mr. Richard wriggle. CturiEB NIL— Uncle Jose«t as ax IxsramiENT. "No, sir," Mr. Mnrridge repeated ob stinately I remain still unsatisfied." It was the next morning, Hugh called again to learn the results of the proposed explana tion. \ "I am not satisfied," ho repeated. " Where is' my son ? I do not know — lie has not been homo all night." "Has he run away ? It looks like it." "I do not know. I say that until ho has an opportunity of meeting these charges I wilt pot condemn him. . What do I know? The case against him'may he a conspiracy got op by you— tho girl aud her brother and that scoundrel who runs a. gambling den. Am I to belicvo hat a hoy' who has all his lite been quiet and orderly suddculv becomes a thief and a gam- hUr?" " We do not ask yon to belicvo that. Wo ask you to believe that his vices wcro kept a secret from you. That lie lost money, bor rowed in tho hope of winning it back, lost that and borrowed more until he became deep in debt — deep, that is, for a young of his position — and that undor tho temptation and pres sure, he gave way — that is all we ask you to belicvo." "I shall believe nothing; I will fonu no theory ; and I will not condemn my son, until I liavo seen him and heard what ho lins to say. For aught I know you may ho keeping bim hidden out of my way." Then yon will not withdraw this charge against Norah?" . " Certainly not ; it was my son's accusation, not miuc. It is not for me to withdraw it until I am convinced that it is false." " You have evidence fn your hands sufficient to conviuce any reasonable person " "Perhaps you think so. Tho evidenco of Iwo persons already accused, and, by their own admission, implicated. Tho ' evidenco of a foreigner ' and a professed gambler, and tho evidenco of a'misc'rablo office boy." " With his documents." , " What do rfho documents amount to? . .Nothing; The imitation of my signature may have been done hr Korali, for. ought I know." Hugh left him. Ho was not to ho shaken. I supposo that Air. Murridgo knew perfectly well there was ho escape ; the fact was proved, hut he was obstinate. Until his son could ho confronted with this evidence lie would not condemn liim, Until that tune, therefore, tho charge against Norah would not be retracted ; nor would she listen to the voice of love ; nor would Bhe return to Air. Murridge ; nor would his business get itself accomplished, nor would his clients establish their royal, noble and gentle descent,- so that the impediment of Dick's flight produced consequences of a very wide aud unsuspected kiud. You stick a littlo pin Into a piece of uiachiuery ; ' there is tho least possible jar,- which spreads through all tho wheels aud pistons, and is felt even to tho foundations on which the machine is built. For a whole fortnight they lived in this sus pense, Norali remainingwith hcrsistcrat the hos pital. It was reserved for Uncle Joseph to he the hmnblo instrument by which this impediment was to ho- removed. And it happcucd in this way. It was his custom in these long summer evenings to revisit by tho help of the omnibus some of the sccues of his former greatness, and especially a certain well known tavern in Great Queen-street. Here ho know the manager and some of tho head waiters ; in fact he knew by sight every head waiter iu London, and had a nodding acquaintance with hundreds of the gentry who every morning about nine o'clock assemhlo on tho kerbstone outside the great rcstanrauts waiting to he taken 011 for the even ing. Under their anna most of them carry the uniform of the profession. They are an inoffen sive folk, as may be gathered by anyone who will listen for a minute to their talk. They give no troublo ; they never want anybody's property if you were to offer them four acre allotments they would not listen. They have never been known to strike, to combine, to agitate, or to demonstrate ; they never march in processions, and have not between them all one bit of hunt ing or a single bauuer ; they are in the even ing ahvnys beautifully dressed for their work ; they aro civil of speech, active and jealous ; they have ono and all a curiously cultivated taste in wine, aud they are said to have hut one vice, this they share with many landed gcutlc- meu — it is a lovo for the turf. Uncle Joseph, who had formerly been an honored guest two or three night9 iu every week, now sat humbly in the manager's room reading tho mams of the day. Alas) tbcy wero not for him, those gorgeous colored cards, inscribed with the names and titles, all in French, tho only Frcnclt he knew, of the most toothsome and delightful dishes. It waif some thing to know that the banquets still went on, though he no longer sat at the table near the pre siding offis«p. as richly decorated as a German official, and no doubt it was a consolation to accept tho hospitable glass of sherry which was Ecmetimes proffered in the manager's room. Ouo evening about ten days after Dick vanished away, Uncle Joseph "paid a visit to tho tavern. There wero several banquets going on, aud he read tho mams witli the soft regrets duo to the happy past. It was nearly nine when he got up to go — the hour when the active business , of tho bauquct is nearly finished and after the material, tho intellectual feast wee to begin — with the speeches. Alas ! they would never hear him speak again. As he passed from the manager's room into tho hall, a door in the first floor was tlirown open and there issued forth such a joyous sound, sueli a mingling of many sounds in flno confusion, such a cliquetis of glasses, such a happy langhter of men who have drunk plenty of wiue, such a shuffling of waiters' feet, such a noise of plates and such a popping of corks that Uuclc Joseph's knees trembled. It was like the opening of the Gate of Hcoven.- " Ah 1" he said, " it is a blessing, indeed, to feel that the craft is not languishing." Every night about this time he was seised with a dreadful yearuiqg for champagne. This evening it was a yearning which posi tively tortured him. The furtivo sound of the revelry was too much for the old mail, and his heart felt liko lead to think that thoro was no moro champagne to he had during the short re mainder of his history. When ho got out of his omnibus at Kiug's Cross, aud began to walk homewards this yearning held hint and shook him so that he trembled as ho walked and people thought that ho must ho suffering from Bcuilo weakness. It was not thus : it was tho yearning after champagne which made his braiu to reel and his eyes to swim. Uncle Joseph had never married ; experience might have taught him that tho passion of love in some of its forms, as when Its object is absent, closely resembles this craving of his for the divind drink which sparkles iu the cup and inoonts to a man's brain, filling him with pride aud joy and charity towards all men. Gin and water might stay tho craving, hut as yet- ho was a quarter of an hour from his gin and water, and though there were mauy public houses on tho way, Uncle Joseph had no money : aud gin and water was almost as un obtainable as champagne. AVhilo he stopped, however, letting his fancy dwell in imaginary goblets, beakers andenps, and glasses, all full aud brimming over, and foam ing and sparkltDg and tumbling, ho became conscious of a face, tho sight of which was so littlo in harmony with his thoughts that the cup so to speak dashed from liis lips and the leverage of the Gods was spilt upon the ground. This face, or rather this head was in a second floor window of a house on tho other side of tho street ; it was looking up and down the street ; a perfectly familiar face, vet for a while Undo Joseph could not remember nt all to whom it belonged, so great was the yenruing within him for champagne. Presently, how ever, he regain d some command OTer himself and understood that the face belonged to none othcrthanto Dick Alurridgo It was twilight now but tko eld, that is to say, some of the old, being long sighted, and the gas being below, he caught the face, and there could he uo doubt that it was the face of Dick Afurridgc, the run away. For by this timo il was very well known m vogue terms that tliero was trouble about some cheques and that Dick had run away. This seemed a very remarkable discovery. Uuclc Joseph was, by nature, curious and in- quisitivo into other people's affairs. Therefore lie atonco resolved to pursue this adventure further. The house, ho now perceived, was a public house, somothiug better than tho ordinary ruu of street tavernB, for it had a side entrance marked hotel. His wits were completely re stored, and he was able to observe carefully tho position of tho window at wjfjt D.ick Mur- ridge was sitting, As soon as ho was quite certain ou this poiut he boldly entered by the side door hud walked upstairs, A fortnight of hiding in his upper chamber had begun to tell upon Dick Murridgo, So great was his terror of his father's vengeance and wrath that he was afraid to venture out, even nftcr dark, having a confused notion that every policeman iu Loudon would hnvo a warrant for liis arrest in his pocket, and that he would he tnkcu up ou suspicion. He stayed, therefore, all day long in one room, leading a most doleful and miserable existence, ordered by the Count to practise continually the tricks aud cozenage of the cards which wero to ad- vauco him to that life of perfect delight pro mised by tho tempter. Never had Professor a more eager or au aptcr pupil. Never did Chiuauian take more kindly to ways of guile than did Dick Murridgc, Insomuch that his pa6t ardour and passion for gambling wholly died away, and the excitement of clmucc seemed a small and poor thing indeed compared with the excitement of dexterity. He called it dex terity because his instructor gave it that name, and because iu his bauds, the mystery of cheat ing at cards became a fine art of the most manifold and occult coutrivnuccs, the most profound combination of calculation, the swift est movement of hand aud the steadiest guard ou eye and face Yet to practise the Black Art all day loug, hidden away from the world in a single rooms is monotonous. Supposo that no 0110 were to receive as a gift, the power of cheating, with the certainty of never being found out. There arc a thousand ways of cheating, besides tlmt of cheating nt cards. Would not this power ho a constant temptation even to the most virtuous among us? What would it not ho to oue who, like this un- fortunato Dick, had been brought up from childhood to believe tint there never was any morality, any honor, any honesty, except what springs from a fccliug of self-preservation and protection? Would ho not jump at such a chance? Now, this was exactly the chance that was offered to Dick Murridge. It came iu his extremity when lie had cut hims.'lf off from bis own people by a deed which would never be forgotten or forgiven. It came when ho was in an agony of despair and terror, and it seemed to open a way of life of the greatest ease, comfort and profit." Ho knew not yet that there is no way of life without competition, and therefore jealousy with attendant train of malice, slander, mischief, calumny nnd biting of hack. Also, he knew not how quickly this professional gambler is detected, and how soon the most unbounded lovers of the cards becomo shy of playing with him. All this he had still to learn. But it was dull in that upper chamber which he left only to go down stairs at meal time to the bar parlor, where he sat at iahle with the landlord and his family. They knew him as a young gentlemau, presumably uudcr a tem porary cloud, in whom tho Signor, tho pro prietor of the club, was interested It was horribly dull ; he hated reading ; lie grew tired of drawing ; he could not he always practising with the cards ; he wanted someone to talk to. " Good evening, Air. Richard," said Uncle Joseph, entering noiselessly ; Dick's head and shoulders were out of the window, hut it does not take long to change the position of a head and shoulders. "What?" ho cried, springing to his feet, "You hero? Y'ou?" " Yes, I am here. Ah ! yon are very sung and quiet, Dick ? No one would expect' to find you here. I was just going along the street, you know, just walking down tho street, ou the other side, opposite the honsc, when I saw your face at tho window. What a surprise! What a surprise ! How pleased your father will he 1" "Is he? What docs he— what docs he— what does he want with mo ?" Uncle Josoph nodded his head expressively. Some men can convey a solemn and impressivo assurance much better by a nod of the head than by any words. Uncle Joseph's nod made this young man understand, first, that his evil deeds were known to everybody, and, next, that liis father would certainly prosecute hire. Therefore he sat down again with terror undis guised. "What did you do it for?" asked Undo Joseph, who had not the least idea what bad been done. But everybody knew that some thing must havo hccu done. Else why did Dick run away ?" "Because! was hard up 1 What should ! do it for?" In tho extremity of his terror Dick preserved a manly snlkinoss. " now did you do it ? asked Uncle Joseph again. " Well, if you want money and can got it by signing another man's name to a cheque, I supposo you do it that way." "Ah I To be sure — to be sure. I never tbongbt of it in that light. Alii and when did you do it ? ' Six weeks ago, if you want to know." "To bo sure, sixweeks.it was ago. Yes, you are perfectly right, Dick, to keep out of the way. Perfectly right—perfectly right. If I were you I would coutinuo to keep out of tho way It's a very serious thiug, and your father is a hard man — very. What did you do with the money ?" "I paid some of my debts." "Quito right, quite right. As au honest man Blionld. So far you have acted wisely. And have you any of it left " Some— not much " " This is a very quiot and comfortable room, Dick. I don't know that I should liko to live in a bedroom always. But for a cliaugo and when one really wishos to ho undisturbed — isn't it rather dull here ?" -' I suppose it is." "Look hero, Dick. I'll come here some times," The old man's dull face lit up suddenly as a brilliant thought occurred to him. "I'll come here sometimes of an evening, and we will chat. It's dull for me too in tho evenings wheu I recall tho glorious evenings I used to have in tho time — dear inc — in the timo which has passed," Dick rcceived-the proposition doubtfully. . " This will ho very much better than going to your father and telling him where you are, won't it?'.' ; " Can you keep a thing quiet ?" asked Dick. "Can I? Haven't I kept the sublime secrets of tho ' very loftiest degrees ? You forget, young inau, that you aro speaking to one whoso life has been spent in doing nothing else except 1 to keep tho secret and work the degree, nud enjoy tho banquet afterwards, Sir, givo me a secret and I am happy. With the banquet afterwards.", Dick reflected. . There had been, earlier in the day, a conversation with hia professor in which tho latter promised to take him out of tho country in n week at tho farthest, as soon iu fact, as he had concluded tho sale of his proprietary club with all its rights, advan tages, privileges, goodwill nnd clicnltle. Tho purchaser, wo mny explain, in parenthesis, was a gcutlcmuu connected with the turf, and iu some ways entirely fitted for tho post of pro prietor. That is to say lie was perfectly un scrupulous, without morals, honesty, preju dice or pity. And yet for want of the good manners which served the count in lieu of these things, he speedily ruined the club nnd dispersed the members, who now gnmblo else where. A week at furthest. Ho could not show tho old gentleman down tho stairs as ho wished to do. It was necessary either to chauge his lodgings or to conciliate him. IIo conciliated him. Ho assured Uuclo Joseph that it would givo him the greatest satisfaction to confido iu his honor, and to re ceive him in this apnrtincut. " Then," said the old man, with an involun tary smacking of his lips. " As you've got some of the money left, my dear young friend, and it is very pleasant to sit and talk, let us have— all ! — lot us have — oh !" ho drew a loug, deep sigh, " a bottle of champagne." I . suppose his long professional career had accustomed him to associato champagne with secrecy just as other peoplc'3 experiences lend them to ussociato champagne with love, or with racecourses or with dauces. Tltey had a glorious bottle of champagne. Uncle Joseph drauk it nearly all, and on part ing shook Dick effusively by "the hand, promised to come again next day, and swore that his socret wns as Eacred as that of the thirty- third degree. lie kept his word and returned faithfully the next evening, when ho hud another bottle of champagne. How valuable a thing is a secret, properly haudled I Uncle Joseph rubbed his hands over his own cleverness. Why, it was almost like a return to tho good old times, except that the bottle of champagne was not preceded by a bauquct. The absence of the banquet it was which caused unsteadiness of gait on tho way home, aud n disposition to lnugn, to sit on door steps, to become playful, and to find ono's speech strangoly thick. Dick's secret, how ever, was safe. " Oh ! my dear young friend," said Uncle Joseph, What a happiness for you that it was I who discovered you. Suppose it bad been your father and Norah. What would have happened ? I was in a police court this morning " — ho certainly was a most delightful companion — " 1 was in a police court, nnd tliero was a poor young man brought up for embezzle ment. Ho had ruu away aud tliey found him, aud ho was committed for trial. I thought of you, Dick, and my heart bled. I'll come again to morrow." lie did return next day, hut meantime Dick had heard something which inado him less care ful to conciliate this man who had his rccrct. In fact, the word had come to ho iu readiness. Tho Count had settled everything, and they were to go away the very next day. There fore, when Uncle Josoph rubbed his hands and saw that it was thirsty weather sent by Provi dence in order to bring out the full flavor of a dry. wine, Dick coolly said that he wasn't going to stand any more, hut if Uncle Joseph chose to drink soda and whisky instead, he could. The old man was wounded in the tccdcrcst and most sacred depths. But he dissembled and drauk the 'substitute, which as compared with the great original is little hotter thau mere zocdoue. He drank it and went away early, with rage in his heart hut a smile npon his lips. " Come to-morrow night, Uncle Joseph," said Dick, " and you shall havo as much cham pagne as you can drink. You shall bathe iu champagne if you like— to-morrow evening." There was a something inis injured old man felt which meant mischief. He would not get tho promised champagne. Dick wouldn't look liko that if he meant fair and honest. . Yet how meant How paltry I To grudge 1. single bottle of champagne, just ouo a day, for the safe guarding of so valuable a secret. In the morning, Uncle Joseph made quite n loug journey. He took the train from King's Cross to Bishopsgnte, whence ho walked to the Whitcchapel-roail, Hero he took tho tram which goes along the Commercial- road. Ho got out half way dowu and mado liis way through certain . by-streets to Glamis-road, Khnrtwrll. where stands ilic Children's llnsnital. By this time ho had learned everything, partly by pretending to. know already, and partly by cunning questions, and partly hccauso Dick, with a brutal cynicism, made no secret of liis own infamy. Among other tilings, therefore, ho knew that Norah's iutended holiday wns a blind to conceal from tho doctor for a while that sho had left her post as privuto secretary to Mr. Murridgc under an accnsation of complicity, at least, in a criino. He went first to Hugh, who presently called Culista. "I thought," ho said, in conclusion, "that the young man's friends ought to know. He may bo saved from worse evils if he is punished for what ho has done. His father Is a hard mau, hut lie is, I daresay, just. And Dick is, I fear, in very had compauy — very bad company indeed. . There wero cards on the table, aud I fear there had been drinking." He lingered a9 if there was something more he would like to say. Presently ho desired a word in private with Hugh. He went away with a sovereign in his pocket. He had sold his secret for a sovereign. It wns unworthy the possessor of so many degrees. Ho spent the cvouing nt a restaurant in the Strnud over a largo bottle of champagne, taken with and after a colorable institution of a bauquct. Tliero were, however, no speeches, becauso it might liavo appeared strange for au elderly gentlemau to nse nt his little table and proposo his own Health and respond for the craft. But tho wino was l'crrier-Jouct, nnd he drank it slowly and blissfully. If in these (lays of forced ahstincnco tho tempter wcro to approach Uncle Josoph holding a bottle of champagne in liis hand, aud were to offer a dozen like it in exchange for the sublime sc:rcts of tho thirty-third degree, would his virtue sustain htm in that hour. CiurTHt XIII.— A Last Appeal. The Signor's preparations wcro complete; he had sold his club, lie was going to take his pupil with him to some quiet placo iu Paris, where serious instruction iu tho great art could ho curried on without interruption. Tlioy wcro going to cross by tho night boat, in deference to a newly dovcloped modesty iu Dick. In tho afternoon tlio Count enmo with a portmanteau containing all that was wanted in tho way of temporary outfit. " We shall stort, he said, " as wo slnill continue, as gentlemen. If we take furnished lodgings, you must not creep in withThT gago of your own." S" He then proceeded to exhort and admonish liis pupil to obedience, diligence nnd zeal nil of which ho assured him, for the hundred! ,u;?,uk'bo rewar(i«a by such success as hia pupil little dreamed of, and by the attainment to such dexterity and skill as should make hiiu the pride of the profession. " Above all," he said, « paticuce, coolnow and continual practice. You must never lose the steady eyo and the quick hand. I have con- fi deuce in you, my friend, but you havo everything to learn, everything. You cnu play a little, and draw a little— y0U must learn to play well and draw well. They aro accom plislimcnts that will he useful to you. You must even leiim to dauce, because a man of your age ought to liko daucing. . Yon must alwavs seem ready to desert the table for the bali-oo"! yon mustlenrnto fence, nnd you must leant "le use a pistol ; you arc going to a country where men fight. Lou will cense to ho an English man. Henceforward you will have no country Tho whole world is yours, because you will corn maud everything that tho world produce Are you ready ?" " I am both ready and willing." Good ! You must lenru to carry yourself less like a London clerk, and more like a gentle man. You must asBumo tho air of distinction if you can. You must learn to laugh aud to smile." But all that will come in n now countrv, and with another languago. Come," ho looked at his vvatch, f ' Only two hours more and we shall he in the train, tho past quite forgotten— every thing beforo you new aud delightful, not ono of tho old friends left." Here tho door opened, and Dick sprang to his feet with a cry, and a sudden chango in Ms eyes to tho wildest terror, "Dick I" "Cnlista! Yon here. What do you want?" Sho saw a table littered with cards. Ou the bed was a portmanteau closed and strapped, beside it a lint box and a strapped bundle. With Dick, nud standing over him, was a man whom she had never seen, but from Hugh's description ho looked like tho foreign person who had called on Mr. Murridge. " I want to talk with yon, Dick, alone." " Y'ou cnu talk, mademoiselle," said ..tho' stranger, " iu my presence. I bcliera.-:! ' may say that our friend here has no secrets from mo now." " None," said Dick, emboldened by tho re flection that be was undor his instructor's pro tection, and that Calista appeared to he alone "No secrets at all. Say what you iwve, to say, Calista, and get it over. You are come to pitch into mo. Very well then." "Dick. _ I do not come to reproach you, But, oh, Dick, Dick, how could you do it ?" " Never mind that now. What else do yon want to say?" . " Have yon confessed to your father, Dick?" " No, I haven't. What's tho good. Confess, Why, do you take mo for a fool ? Confess- to him." " Dick, my old friend, there is another person to think of — besides yourself. There Is Norah." " What about Norah ? My : father knows all by this time. Bnt he hasn't got the cheques — without the cheques there's no proof." " If there are no proofs como with me to your father and tcll him that Norah is in no way " " What's the use ? Ho knows it already ?" Calista poiutcd to the portmanteau. " You arc going away," she said. " I am going , away altogether. You'll get rid of me and yon will never sec me again. So now you will all ho happy." " Where ore you going ?" " That is my business 1 You would like (0 go and tetl my father, wouldn't you ?" " And how arc you going to live V" " Liko tho sparrows." " Oh, Dick ! You have tho thought iu your head of some wild nud wicked scheme. What does it mean ? You are deceived aud betrayed by your ndviscr. . . by this mau I Consider, Dick, no ono knows oxccpi your father, and Norah and Hugh. I will beg your father to forgive you — nothing need ever be said nbout it ; all shall he forgoltcn, and wo will go 011 as if this dreadful timo had never happened t Just as wo used iu tho old days, when wo were boys and girls together — aud in nocent 1 oh, Dick, and innocent 1" " Listen to tho young lady, Dick," said tho Count softly, " and consider. There is stilt plenty of timo to change your mind. Consider what sho 6ays. You will havo a delightful life at home. Yonr father will never bo in an ill- temper. Ho looks and talks as if ho tva9 the most indulgent of parents and of the sweetest disposition. Of course ho will never remind you of this littlo . . . indiscretion . . . never 1 And he will trust you always — always, and ho will advanco you in his business and make you a partner, and you will continuo to live iu this delightful suburb where tliero is nothiug — good_ heavens!— Nothing I neither theatre nor cafe", nor society, nor amusement of any kind. As to your secret, it is certainly known to three people only, not counting the oflico boy. Of course they have told nobody as yet ; of courso tucy never will, so that there is no chanco whatover of tho story being told abroad, and people will never he able to point fingers at you and sajr, ' Tliero is the man who forged his father s name, but repontcd nnd camo back to bo for given 1' What a beautiful thing it will ho all your lifo to feel that you havo been return anu that everybody elso is so good to you I 1 tin, no ! no I" said Calista, " It will not ho 50, Dick, it will not!" . , " I have considered !" Dick cried, 1 liavo made up my mind 1" " And there is tho offico hoy, too, who found the lust of tho cheques, and put together thoso bits of paper 1 Ho will hold his tongue, ot courso I Consider well, Dick 1 You will »ve despised nnd suspected I Boh I To bo a young man forgiven 1 The forgiveness will bo a tickct-of-leave ( the return to work will no under surveillance of tho police I Yon can never get promotion I You can never live down the past I Young lady, is this not true?" , Calista hesitated j then slic took courage. "Belter this— hotter obscurity and con tempt, than a lifo of wickedness. A\ hat is no to do ? What do you yourself do ? 1 ou play cards? Do you piny honestly? Better tho most liumblo life. "Matter of opinion, Mademoiselle. If he goes with inc, I offer him — what ? He knows very woll that at, least ho will CDjoy an easy jifo nJ profitable work— plenty of monoy In it s»and society and " "Oh, Dick I It cannot bcpossiblol How ibould this man give you all these things ?" "Dick is a free man," said the Italian, "lie is perfectly free. Ho can go with yon— ho can corno with me, just as ho pleases. I under stood that ho had resolved to accept my offer and to come with me ; his portmanteau is reidy and packed, as you see, but if ho prefers " " I do not prefer. I will go with you. . Go away, Calista. Repentance 1 Forgiveness I" "Then, Dick, if you must go, before yon do go, I ask you for one simple act of jus tice. Write mo a letter, clearing Norah alto gether. "I won't, there. After Norah's conduct to me—" " Sir," said Calista, turning to the stranger, " You say that you arc going to introduce Dick to the society of gentlemen. I do not quite understand how he is to take his place among gentlemen, or what gentlemen will re ceive him ; but that is your concern. Will you kindly tell theso gentleman that this man mado lovo to a girl whom ho had known nil her life, and when she refused him, charged her solemnly, nnd in writing, with the crime which he had himself committed. I suppose you yourself care nothing about his having committed this crime ? " Calista in this sarcastic Tcin surprised her self. "I have forgiven him, young lady," the count interrupted, with a smile. " I have anti cipated your own kindness, and his father's. I Lave already forgiven him." "But, at least," she went on, regardless, "You may have manliness enough loft to blame him for accusing this innocent girl. She is my sister— and once his " friend. Will you make her future life miserable?" It is not enough that you know, and I know, and her lover knows the truth. This wretched boy has left behind him a paper to which his fathor clings as a kind of last chance that his son is not guilty after alL" Dick laughed aloud, and Calista shuddered. " I think," said tho Count, gravely, " that T were our young friend here, I should sit d write a letter withdrawing the docu- stion." rood ?" said Dick. "fil course he kn. «v this time." " I show ort letter, simply stating that this yonub , who must be- charming indeed to have "dieted our friend's attention from his cards, is perfectly innocent. Our friend, thus forgiven by you, Mademoiselle, ami by me — presumably also by his father, and, we will hope, by the youug lady', concerned with himself in the matter — will embark upon his now career with a clear conscience, such as you English love to possess, und a light heart, and an entire freedom from anxiety; as to in quiry by detectives or unpleasant messages '' " No one will inquire, I am sure ; no one will send any detectives after him. I think I can promise that. As for tho money, Dick, Hugh sends me word that he will if necessary repay the whole for you " Dick offered up, so to speak,, a sort of prayer or aspiration concerning the. destruction of Hugh. But ho was well aware that the re payment of tho moucy was about tho surest way of securing himself from pursuit. "Come!" said the Count, " Write, my friend, write this letter to the young lady— your old friend. Take the pen !" Dick sat at the table and unwillingly obeyed. "Write; I will tdl you what to say." " Go on, then." " My dear mademoiselle, or my dear friend," "Dear Calista," wrote Dick, "There, I know very well what to say. ' ' Dear Calistru. — The paper which I gave my father about Norah was falso from beginning to end. I made it up in order to stop him from taking . up the case himself. I thought that, perhaps, as he was so fond of Norah, he would bo staggered and let the thing drop. I thought he Would rather believe it was rae than believe it was Norah, and it lay between her and nio. Norah did not take the cheques. . Norah had nothing to do with them. Norah pre sented ono of the cheques for me, Daff pre- seated one for me ; and if I ever meet that office boy, I'll wring his neck. You can do what you like with this letter. Good bye. — Dick Muiuudge." " There," he said, " Take that and give it to my father. Tell Norah I didn't mean at first to bo hard upon her; but it was one of us — cither she or I — and, besides, she had treated me so . badly that I was savage. Tell her that I don't want any forgiving or nonsense. Who cares about forgiveness ? All I want is to no left alone." "Oh, thank you, Dick.". "Calista received tho letter with softened oyes. " Norah forgives you whether you want to be forgiven or not. I am very glad I found you. Now good-bye 1" She held out both bunds. " Oh, Dick, dear Dick, my brother Dick, bo good — be honest ! Thero is nothing else in the world worth living for! Bo good Dick." Was it by chance, or was it by design, that tho Count's hands were plunged in his pockots at that inomant, and that thcro should bo tho chiuk of coin. . "Nothing else?" said Dick. " There is money." He turned his faco away without taking her hand or being softened by tho tears in those beautiful eyes. , The Signor stepped to tho door and held it open while Calista passed out. Will there ever, in that unknown future which lies before this young man, fall upon him the memory o: this last chance, and the tears of the girl who was with him more patient than a sister with a brother; more ready to hear his sorrows, "more suro to forgive him, and more careful to excuse ? Will he ever discover in tho years to como that the blameless life of obscurity is better than the life ho has de liberately chosen of trickery and cheating ? An hour afterwards another cab draw hp at the hotel entrance of this tavern, thero stepped out of it an old gentleman, none other than Uncle Joseph, and an elderly gentleman, who Was Mr. Murridgo. " On tho second floor, yon said ?" " Second floor, first door on tho left wheu you get to the landing. I'll wait for you down hero, Yuu can't miss him, and bo's afraid to go out, because of you." Mr. Murridgc went slowly up the stairs. Any man bound on such nn errand would go slowly. Ho was resolved what to do. Thcro should not be the least appearance of anger. Hut he should demand a full confessiou, other wise- — liira rcach<"1 4110 first floor ani1 1<)oted about miTilrOU-?M?.1,opc,allJoor sow a large room filled w ith little tables ; the atmosphere thick with stale tobacco smoke, and the reek of spirits. « Tho gambling club I " he said, and mounted to the second floor. He went to tho door indicated, and opened without knocking. The room bore signs of recent occupation ; tho bed had not been made since the night and the bed clothes were tumbled about ; there were cards on the table and a pipe. He thought he had mistaken the room and tried the next, and tho next. There were five more rooms on this landing; they all presented the appearance of being bed rooms. Mr. Murridge slowlr came down stairs again. " You told me the first door on the leu;'' ne said to tfnele Joseph. " First door on the left it is ! " Mr. Murridge, upon this, sought the land lord iu the bar. This functionary explained that a young gentleman had been staving there some little time ; but that he was gone. Being asked if lie kept a gambling clnh in the house he said that he did not. lie let his hrst floor to a social club which met eve v night for conversation and tobacco. Thero might' be cards. He did not know the names of the members. It was not his business. The young gentleman who had just gone away paid his bill regular and was quiet and well mannered ; he kept indoors because he was recovering from nn illness. He did not know where he had gone. Nothing more could be got out of tho land lord. . Mr. Murridge came away. ' 'jWell, sir, well?" asked Uncle Joseph. " You have seen him, aud made sharp work with him, no doubt. Ah, he was penitent, I trust, aud you forgave him on conditions — of course on conditions. It rejoices me to havo been the humble means of bringing together father and sou under these most interesting and peculiar circumstances. Sixty ponnds I think you said? And five pounds for the humble instrument — under Providence. . Sixty-five pounds.' It is a sad, sad loss." ' "I promised von five pounds for putting the boy into my hands. Well — he isn't there." Not there 1 Mr. Murridge, I gave yoii the word of — of — an officer in' I dou't know how many.lodges that he was there yesterday." " Very likely. He isn't there to-ilav." How ever, as you did your best, here's a half sovereign for you." He gave the old man this paltry coin, which will do little more than purchase one bottle of really good champagne, aud loft him standing sorrowfully on the kerbstone. Half a sovereign. And Uncle Joseph thought he had secured at ona stroke a whole dozen of champagne ! Chatter XIV — Fon Sfxf or Bearer. " My poor dear Norah," said Calista next morning — she has actually kept her secret the whok night, " is it not time that things should chauge ? "They will never change for me." said Norah. "I have been thinking what I had better do. I can never go hack to Mr. Mur ridge, that is quite certain ; no one else wants a girl who can hunt up genealogies. I could not lire at home doing notiiiug. I have made up my miud, Calista, to become a nurse. 1 will go to tho r.oudou Hospital and become a probationer, and then 1 will be a hospital nurse. "Mydear child, you could, not," said Calista. " I could aud I will. Why, if Hugh can ho a doctor aud you cau be a sister, cannot I bo a nurse ? Besides, then I shall be iu the same profession as Hugh, and hearing sometimes about him, though we are parted. I should go mad if 1 were never to hear anything more of him." " Poor Norah ! But suppose that it will not bo necessary for you to do anything at all — suppose, my dear" — sisters do sometimes miss each other without feeling the force of Hood's remark about sandwiches of veal— " suppose good news was to come to you." " Thcro cannot bo good news for mo. Why, Calista, yon know Mr. Murridge will hear of nothing "until he has an opportunity of con fronting his sou with his accusers — I for ono lmve never accused him and I never will. And now he has run away is it likely that he will accuse himself ?" " Never miud what is likely. Think of the very best that could possibly happen." " The very best?" " The very best." " Remember, Calista, it is not enough that Hugh should be satisfied. Of course he is satisfied. IIow can he ever love me unless he respects me? I must liave much more than that." ." You shall have much more.". " Calista 1" Norah caught her hand, " What have you heard ? What have you done ? Have vou seen him. Have von seen Dick?" " " Patience, dear, for half an hour more and you shall know all. Tell me, Norah, just this about Dick; Are you very — very hitter about him?" '. "I don't know. Ho has robbed .me of Hugh." " Ho will give Hugh back to you. Can you forgive him?" . " ' 1 " Norah hesitated. ' " "! know everything, dear, more than you know even Dick has gone, he has fled:the country, I believe. There is nothing left us hut to for give him. Ho will never know whother you forgive him or not. But tell mc that you do ?" " Oh 1 what can it help him to say that I forgive him ? I could not wish to punish him, even to take revengo and yet . . . Yes, Calista, I forgive him. Poor Dick ! t\ c loved him once, did we not ?" " Even if ha will never know it is something that you forgivo him. Men's crimes' follow them with scourges in their hands— you kuow the pictnrcs, dear— scourges with knots in them, and every knot, poor .Dick, might he made np of vour vongeaneo and your unforgivc- noss. Now' he will be puuished less foarfully. My dear, your trouble is. over. No ono, not even tho most spiteful,' will over ho able to hint thero was the slightest truth in. that monstrous accusation. No ono except ourselves will ever know of it. Como, Norah,. to Hugh's room. Someone awaits yon thero, a most important person, almost as important as Hugh. Come. A most delightful person: And oh 1 Norah, bo prepared for the best news in the world, and for tho greatest surpriso you ever '"calista led her sister to the resident medical officer's room, where they found, besides Hugh, a lady whom Norah recognised at once as Hugh's mother— Madame Aquila, the singer. She was in black silk, that kind of lifelong mourning which some widows adopt. Her face was kindly and soft, still beautiful, though her youth had long since vanished. "My dear," she said, taking Norah bv both hinds so that she could draw her close aud kiss her comfortably, " My dear child, I have heard all. You have greatly suffered, but all is over now. Your sister has made the rough verv smooth, and removed the last obstacle. See what it is to be a sister in a hospital, how helpful it makes one. And now you will take my Hugh agaiu, . will you not. "lie is worth taking, my dear." " Oh 1" said Norah, her eyes running over, ' ' Hngh knows that first — ': " Yes, my dear," Madame Aquila interrup ted, "Hugh knows exaetlv what you intend. Not yet, then. We will wait a little," They had not long to wait, for steps were heard iu the corrider and the doctor entered, ac companied by Mr. Murridge. "Well, Calista," said the former. "Iam here in reply to your letter. What liave vou got to tell me?" First, here is Madame Aquila. Hugh's mother, next you will have to keep perfectly quiet aud not interrupt for five minutes, aud then I have got a surprise for vou. Such a surprise 1" " Not another coronet, I hope." . " And. I am here, Calista," said Mr. Mur ridge. «I have brought with mc a certain document in obedieueo to your reqnost. What next ? My sou has left his htdiug place, I understand. - What next ? " " First, Mr. Murridge, will you. withdraw that document and own to Norah that you have proved it to be false and treacherous from beginning to end, and theu tear it up .in our presence?" These were brave words, ifr. Murridgc heard them with some surprise. ' 1 1 liave only to repeat what I said before. I withdraw nothing aud I acknowledge nothing until my son has had a chance of explanation. I admit— I have never tried to denv— that tho case agaiust him is very black. But I will not condemn my own son uuheard. Tiie paper shall lie in the safe ; the subject shall never be mentioned ; Norah can come back again as soon as she pleases ; but if my sou ever returns again— he lias gone without a word— he shall have an opportunity of giving any explanation he pleases. '. " Norah can never go back to yon until that document is destroyed aud its contents acknow ledged to be false. More than that, she can never renew her broken engagement until you yourself acknowledgo that its falsehood has been proved." "Icanuot help her. then." said Mr. Mur ridge coldly. "I wonder if I might ask what is the moan ing of all this," said the doctor. " I was pro mised a surprise, aud it begins with a mys tery." " Presently," said Calista. " presently — per haps. In the meantime sit down and say nothing. I have got something to show to Mr. Murridge. Aud then you shall have your sur prise." " Perhaps you have another so-called proof," Mr. Murridge went ou, ' I warn yout that notiiiug — nothing but my sou's own voice !— can convince mo." " Yet you are morally certain — " said Hugh. "It is not a question of my opinion, but of my son's honor. Go on. Calista. Produce your additional facts, if you have aur, and let me go." " " You shall hear his own voice, then." Ca lista produced her letter." -Listen to this, " My dear Calista, the paper which I gave my father about Norah was false from beginning to end. I made it up in order to stop him from taking up the case himself ," " Give me that paper," said Mr. Murridge, " Calista gave it to him." Norah breathed a deep sigh. ." Why — " began the Doctor, about to ask what his daughter Norah could have to do with Dick and his statements — but he was peremp torily ordered by Calista to preserve silence. " Mr. Murridge," she said, " You know your son's handwriting. Ha gave ino that letter yesterday afternoon at the place where he was lodging." At what time? " . . " At six in the aftoruoon." " I must have missed him," said Mr. .Mur ridge, "by fivo minutes." "Are you satisfied now?" asked Calista: " Do you hear his voico iu tliis letter ! " Mr, Murridge read the letter again, as if considering every word, whether it was possible or not, and whether the signature was really his son's. "Tho writing is my son's," he said, returning the letter, " What do you wish mo to say ? " \- " Nay, Mr. Murridge, you kuow what you have to'say." " He still hesitated. Theu he drew a paper from his pocketbook, unfolded ir, and handed it to Norah. " It concerns you, Norah," ho said, "Lotme place in your builds the string of falsehoods which has given you so much pain. Icanuot offer any excuses— I have uo apologies to inuko for my unhappy son. You do not wish me to tell yoit what I. think of him. I had but otic son,", lie added sorrowfully ; as for that boy's father — " ... " Oh, no, no," said Norah, " It is enough, Hugh — tear, burn — destroy this horrible paper. Let us never . mention it again. Let us all agree to forged it Hugh ! tear it into a thousand fragments," .Hugh placed it iu the grate and applied a lighted match to it. In a few seconds Dick's masterpiece was in ashes. " I have one thing to say, Norah," added Mr. Murridge. " On tho day tvhou tho facts were made clear to ma and the witnesses one after tho other— the gambling man aud your mother and tho boy— showed that there was one,' and only one, guilty person, I- would not admit the truth, becauso "there was the chance, the slender chance, that my sou migh have had something to explain — soma kind of excuse.' I even tried to persuade myself that this might be a' conspiracy against him." " He was your son," said Calista, " Poor Dick !" ' At all events," said Hugh, " yon might haTe trusted some one." "Young gentleman I trusted— my own son." No one replied. " I trusted my son," he repeated, " I who have spent my life , in calling those people fools who trust any one. Norah will you come back to mo ?" . ; r; ' Norah looked at Hugh. " No, sir," the resident medical replied taking her hand, " Norah will not work for yon or for any one else any more. It will be iky happi ness to work for her." ' " "Iu that case," said Mr. Murridge, " and as I have no longer a clerk, and time is money — at least, my time — I nill go. Goodbye Norah." She gave him her hand. "I am sorry, my dear. You were a very good clerk to me, and worth three times — ar, six times what I gave you. Well, I wish vou " — he hesitated and laughed incredulously — "I wish you — what they call happiness in 'love and marriage. I .do not quite .understand what they mean by happiness, but I think it chiefly means making believe and pretending and shut ting your eyes a great deal. If you do that, 1 don't see why you may not expect to be fairly happy — that is, if you have money cnougli. Of coarse that is the first thing. With the recollection of my example you will, natur ally, never place any hope or belief in the future of a child. " "Do not go, Mr. Murridge," said Hugh, "there remains something which concerns you. It is the surprise, sir — " he turned to the doctor, " of which Calista spoke." " Now for the Surprise." said the do: tor, " After the mystery comes the history." jf It is" a surprise about — about the title — " Hugh began. " It svas as much of a surprise when I.first learned it as it will be to you and Mr. Murridge. To you I hope not a disagree able surprise — aud to Mr. Murridge — ' "Well? What will it be tome?" " Yon will see directly. Were you quire sure, Mr. Murridgc, perfectly sure from your information aud the inquiries you made when you bought those reversionary rights that only two lives stood between tho doctor and the title? " Mr. Murridgc started. " Sure, of course I am quite sure. The late Lord Clocsilla had two brothers. Oae of these died young, and the other died n few years ago without issue. The next heir was 'his first cousiu, the grand son ot tho first viscount and the third baron. . Ho it was who died the other day. But the papers took no notice of his death." The next heir is, without the least doubt, the doctor here. Thero are other cousins, but they have no claim, and they may be neglected;'' "That is qnite right, so far. But are yon sure that the late viscount had no children ?" ' " He had one son who died young." "He died at 27. He 'died, Mr. Murridge— to my mother's lifelong sorrow— in the second year of his marriage.'-' . ' r. ' What?" cried Mr. Murridge, to vour mother's." ' " " To your mother's life-long' sorrow?" Norah repeated. " .. "The others, I am ashamed to say, not being genealogists, failed to catch tho meaning of these singular words. Then Madame Aquila supplemented them, saying softly, " It is quite true. My husband was the only sou of Lord Clonsilla. After his death I went back to my profession 'aud :con- tinued to sing. Hugh is his son. He is there fore, if he pleases, Lord Clonsilla." " You dou't mean this?" cried the doctor. " It is quite true. If 1 please, I can caU myself By that title," said Hugh. "Forgive me, doctor ; forgive mc, Norah. It is only a very little while since I heard this intelligence. But it is quite true. Tell me you do not regret tho loss of tho title you had resolved novef to wear ?" . ' " Regret it ? My dear boy, I rejoice. I have got sixteen "more threatening letters — all arrived within the last threo days. Here they are. with the coffins and skulls all complete. You are welcome to tliom, Hugh, only, my dear boy, you will be shot instead of me — " " .' ' ' ' "Oh, Hugh!" cried Norah. "No, my dear," said her father. ''Da soeond.thoughts I'll keep the letters to 'myself, and Hugh shall make a fair start. For,' you see, who over went oat of tho way to'slioot a walking general practitioner?" "I don't understand this," said Mr.. Mur ridge. "I don't understand this at all. If yoii tbiuk — any of you — that I am gcing to lose these estates which I fairly bought without a blow for them you are mistaken." " , " I do not expect that you .will let thiugs go until you are quite satisfied," said Hugh. ' " I have issued orders to the teuauts to pay up, under pain of eviction. ' I will evict them all if I must have tho whole British army at 'my back." . " '' " On'the.contrary," said Hngh, " tho tenants will he served witli notices not to pay vou any rent. Then it will bo' for you,1 1 believe, to find your remedy." " .' ' ' "Poor Maria," the doctor sighed. "Staffs no longer Lady Clonsilla. " _ . _ . . . " I am sorry for her disappointment. But Norah will, I hope— no, dear," said Hugh. " Let us have done with this gingerbread' non sense. There is neither a noble record, nor a long pedigree, nor a single great achievement preserved in such a title as our's. ' There is not oven the duty of maintaining a great family estate. Lot us remain what wo ..are,' and if I succeed let .me mako.a name worth having for those who come after us. As tbr.tho iuglorious; coronet and the ignoble services by what it was Won— let them go." . ; "Yes,- Hugh," said Norah, '/let them wo will begin afresh." ' Just then Uncle Joseph appeared. He was hot. and flushed because he had lost his way in the' network of streets between the Commerciallroail; and the high-street, Shadwell. ., " Most important news, -'Mr. Murridge," hc; said. " News worth telling— riews worth hear ing. I heard you were come down bore' and I: made haste after you." ' . "" " I want uoiuoro news," said Mr. Murridgc.. "I think I have had enough news for-ouc morning." " 1 "There has been a steamboat accident— a collision. They have put back, and Mr. Richard — Mr. Murridgo— Mr.- Richard — " , '.A " What ? .Is he killed ? " No, sir, he is not killed. They hare pnt back ; his. name is in the list of passcfigers picked up. He can bo stopped if yon please — you cau havo him arrested by telegraph. Ho is still at Dover, aud then I shall h&TO;' re deemed ray promise." ' I . i Sir. Murridgo made np reply. Ho put on his hat and walked away. , ' "Now, really, do you think he has gone to send the telegram?" said Uncle Joseph, " and without a word of thanks." Ho then became aware that Norah was iff Hugh Aquila's arms, and that tho young man was kissing her without tho smallest affectation of concealment. "Oh!" hesaid, " I am glad that thiugs are made up. ' It will take place soon, Mr. Hugh. I am very liappy to think of my part in bring. ing together two hearts which" will not be un grateful. "Will it be soon ?" " Very soon, Uncle Joseph." said Hugh. " As soon as we can arrange it." "There is nocereinouy," s.ud Uaele Joseph, with a sweet smile of anticipation. " No cere, raouy, next to tho inauguration of a nerv lodge, where am I more at homo than at a wedding breakfast. Oq this occasion. Doctor, on this occasion — though au erection to the peerage, actually an accession to the peerage, was miserably allowed to pass uuuotired ani unmarked in the usual manner— an this occa sion, I trust that champacuc will mark the toy." 