; THE /COUNCIL .OF TRENT; (Continued.) Yhon theipope received, the decrees of the fourth session, .perceiving the increas ing-importance of, the, council, he aug mented, the, number . of the cardinals to , whose; ; care ; its afiairs . .were ,. committed, /directing them to watch its proceedings very - narrowly ;/ and he wrote to the i legates, strictly . enjoining .them, not to suffer any. thing .to. be decided which had ..not, : been first . sent : to Rome, and there examined and approved. . . . . , ,; A, subject in->vhich, most of the fathers uwere personally,, interested came next , under discussion. /This was, the right to ,pr,each and deliver lectures on divinity, (frhejbishops: claimed the sole prerogative 7 to; provide fort the wants of the church in /theserespects,, and complained bitterly, of; .th'e/.usurpations of;the , regulars, or monks and friars, ;especially the mendicant orders, whose overgrown power , had been long regarded with ill- suppressed indignation.; The;popeiwas too well convinced of the, justice .of. their pretensions, to; think of; offering ian unqualified, resistance ; never- -theless,! his regard to, the. religious orders,: .whose devotedness to the Roman see was of ,.essentialnimportance ito his interests,; . induced him ;tO" charge, the legates, to exert , themselves to. the utmost, that the bishops .might.jbe, .gratified at as little expense as Vpq8iijie';to7.thrivals. ;/;i. The -debates .on; this subject. ; were, dis- .gt.by;gi.violenc»and disorder ;: jthe; jfatejicceed; ,at last; . in /maturipgiaj planj/in.yyhicii the'eqntending . parties severally acquiesced; The.regulars were, to, be prohibited from preaching iu .churches .not , belonging, to their ; order, _ without, a bishop's licence,;: in their, own' ' .churches, the licence , of their superiors would suffice, which, however, was to be presented to the bishop, whose blessing they were directed to ask, and who was empowered to proceed against them if they preached heresy, or acted in a dis orderly manner. But this privilege was clogged with a clause, enacting that the bishops exercised their power " as dele gates of the holy see." Thus the pope gave with one hand, what he took away with the other: and fastened the chains of bondage, while he seemed to bestow freedom. The qualifying clause continued to be used in the subsequent proceedings of the council, whenever the pretensions of the prelates appeared to clash with the prerogatives of the holy father. Agreeably to the resolution which had been passed, to treat . of - doctrine, and reformation at the . same, time, the legates proposed for consideration the doctrine ot original sin. The contrary .opinions . maintained on . this.' subject were a severe satire on the boasted unity of faith in the Roman Cathqlic church.' _ Some/following Ahselm, affirmed that original sin is the privation of original righteousness ; others, / after , Augustine, said that it consists, in concupiscence : a large .party; held the sentiments of Bona-! venbura and St. Thomas, that there are in o.ur corrupt nature, two kinds of rebellion one of the spirit against God, the other of sense against the spirit ; that the latter is concupiscence, and the former un righteousness, and that both together constitute sin. The conflict , of opinion so puzzled the fathers, that,, they actually published a decree without a definition. The transmission of original sin from Adam to his posterity \vas. scarcely less perplexjug: Some thought it resembled cases of hereditary deformity or disease. Some were of opinion, that human souls are created immediately by God, and that the corruption of our . nature chiefly affects the body, aud is transmitted by or dinary generation, the. mind beinginfected thereby, as liquor may be deteriorated by being putflnto a tainted vessel. All agreed that eternal death is the punishment of the original .transgression. : All affirmed that. baptism is the remedy, though some would have joined with it the merits of. Jesus Christ, and some would have added faith. ' Infants dying uubaptised were variously .disposed of. The Dominicans said that they would re main in Limbo, a dark and subterraneous place, without fire. The Franciscans thought they would reside on the -earth,.: and: would enjoy light. Some were of opinion ' that they, would become phil osophers, understand natural science, and; make great. discoveries. Ambrose Gatha-" riu added, that they would be visited and comforted by angels aud the spirits of. the' just, j Many other fantasies and other' frivolities were : uttered. ZWhen these debates were ended, aud the; decree; produced for examination, a . fresh discussion arose.. If Adam's sin was , transmitted to/all his posterity, the virgin' Mary was born in; sin.. This .impugned the dogma of the , immaculate, conception, which was ( Zealously maintained by the Franciscans, and by /the. /Dominicans, as ; fiercely denied. , The legates were divided : De Mpnce favoured the immaculate con ception ; Santa. Croce opposed it ;' Pole's opinion is not recorded. A large party sided with, the Franciscans; but the fear, of a schism, .induced them . generally to; .agree., to ,a. suggestion proposed by the .bishop of Astorga, . .to .this effect—that the council; declined any inter ference witlv the, point /in dispute, leavingjit undecided and free. Such is the unity of the Romish; church/ upon a point on which- hundreds, perhapB thousands, of volumes bave been: written ! . ' The fifth .session was held June 17, .1546. The .'decrees., consisted of five canons on original sin, backed by. anathe- ,mas against all opposers. . After stating . that the, guilt of original sin.caunot be taken away, " by; any. other remedy than .the, merit of our Lord Jesus Christ, the .one Mediator, who hath reconciled us to God by his blood." the fathers add, that the merit of Jesus ; Christ is applied, .bpth. to, adults and infants, by the sacra- .ment of baptism, rightly, administered .according to, the form of. the church." Thus is. the.most, precious doctrine of the gospel .neutralised by. a soul-destroying delusion It , would, be well, if this were peculiar to popery. In the summer , of 154G, an offensive and . defensive . alliance, was concluded between . the,, emperor and the pope, the ayowed object;pfwhich; was, .the chastise- ; meut of the Herman Protestants for their , continued rejectjon/jof the council. / The /emperor engaged to, declare ,war iimmedi- ; ately, and reduce the //hetetich.hyj.fprce;; : and ,he promised, to ;,make. no /treaty ,with .them, tior, grant , any c'oncessiohs. jh/reli- giou, without the consent of: the/pope, who, on his part, stipulated to send a body of 12,000 soldiers, supported at his own expense for six months, should they be wanted bo long, and to furnish a con siderable pecuniary subsidy. The emperor would fain have kept the chief subject of quarrel in the back ground, and wished it to be believed that his sole design was to punish certain rebellious princes, against whom he brought heavy charges : he was very anxious to avoid the odium of a spiritual war. But the pope evidently regarded it ' as a crusade in defence ofthe faith. He wrote to the kings of France and Poland, and to other states, requesting. their co operation ; sent cardinal Farnese, as his legate, to accompany the allied forces, ; gave his own troops a consecrated banner ; and .in a bull prepared for the occasion, promised ample indulgences and remission of sin to those .who should pray for the success of the " holy expedition." The bull was published both, at Rome and at Trent; at the latter place in the presence of the whole council. It had,, been determined that the sub ject, ito'. ibe. decided iu the next session should be the doctrine .of justification ; and in pursuance of the prescribed order of proceeding, the question of reform pro posed for discussion was the residence of bishops, and the best means of removing the obstacles theretp. 4 With regard to justification itself, /the divines were generally agreed, that it means the translation of an individual from the state of an enemy to that of a friend and an adopted child of. God, and that it - consists/ in charity,; or grace in fused into the soul by the Divine Being ; thus evidently confounding it with -sanc- tiflcation. Marinier, indeed, maintained that the word is used in a forensic sense, as opposed to " condemnation," and that any other interpretation was contary to the express language of the apostle Paul; but this opinion found few supporters. The/ fathers understood the word " justify " to mean " to malce righteous," not " to declare righteous: " theyfounded the acceptance of a sinner in the sight of God, partly, at least, on inherent grace, to. which the work of the Lord Jesus Christ was supposed to impart efficacy ; and they rejected the word, " imputation," which, it was said, the ancients had never used. (To he continued.) I>Ir._T. ML Slattery and tlie .Cardinal. — Urider this heading, and'since Z our, previous. article was written, Mr. ,S|attery attempts an explanation of his oxuberant ' promise of assistance to the Cardinal and the Jesuits, whether as a private man, ".a tnomber, or a Minister. Ho does not make things any better. His words now are, " I then promised ' that whether I was a Minister, a member, 'or a private citizen, any little assistance I could render them I merely asked them to com mand. me. L . . . I never said that I would leave it to the Cardinal to command me ; but even if I had done so, could it be for a/moment imagined that 1 intended to violate/a constitutional principle, &c.;" As a ; Minister /.and. a member . of Parliament, Mr. Slattery promised, publicly, to . assist the Cardinal . and- the; Jesuit's at their command, arid yet he/was riot to be understood as :willing to violate ,tbe; constitutional principle.: Did , ;then, Mr. Slattery meari just nothing at all!? Is there any way in which as . member or Minister a man may bo at the command of a .prolate,.-, without violating ;the, constitutional r principle alluded to ? PoBsibly, Mr. Slattery would, not really do what he said, and if so, of course/ he was simply talking nonsense, inebriated with the excitement of the scarlet \- presence. ' :A Pervert R.e-Converted.— :Lady :..Maurioe; Fitzgerald, has : renounced the Roman - Catholic . faith for the Protestant Church of Ireland. She , is the oldest daughter , of Earl Granard, who some ; years ago joined the Church of Rome, and' is the wife of the Bocond son of the D tike of Leinster. ;';i / // : Rome Uncliaugeable. — Father -Holder, of, Dundee, lecturing -ion Sunday in the, Popish Church at Stirling, declared that .free: education would bo both a calamity and a sin. / The poor majority would have to, pay for the - rich minority. The .system would promote . carelessness, ; and : destroy the spirit of emulation in1 the schools. Every denom ination; he maintained, should erect- and manage its own schools— these, all sharing in the. public,edacational grant. . Rome audtlieUible.— In M ircer County, Pennsylvania the Papists have been attempting by an appeal to the Court of Oommbri Pleas' to procuro tho suppression of Bible:reading'and religious exorcises 'in the public schools of the State. They asserted that the Douay. is/ the> only Correot. version of the Bible. : The ('court refused /to grant the .injunction oapplied ,fpr,, and. laid dovn-'tho rule ; (that .. such treligious. .. exercises as / the Zand do hpt infririge'the n of conscience, t Z/ ; ' Scientific/ / ' Intolerance. V1- R 'wqu.lUflcqiiire S'lafge yoluihe to'recorff iii'the very /briefest form' the leading! illustrations of -irifideliand: : scientific: intolerance; c >-W!iio ;that is interestediin spiritual philosophy cani have Z .forgot ten, the boycotting of the Rev. Dr.iJames Martineau by. the materialists, in connexion with the Ohair in London University, .which no other man was so well fitted to occupy as he ? Now it is reported from Oxford that, in the lately erected physiological museum, certain eminent scientific lenders have refused to allow the University motto, " Deus illuminatio men," to be inscribed on its walls. Scepticism. — The Rev. Charles Spurgeon, referring to the writings of F. Harrison, H. Spensor and Sir J. Fitz-Steplien, says : — " Deadlier fruit never grew on the Tree of Knowledge than in this autumn of the passing century ; nor did the old serpent ever exercise a more fatal spell over the daughters of Adam and the sons of Eve than in the present day. Names of scientific books of great repute might be given, which could hardly be read without the terrible penalty of regret for the rest of one's life. They poison the imagination, while they pander to the intellect. rite Jesuits.— At the laying of the foundation stone of the new Jesuit sohool, Auburn, Bourke-street, Surry Hills, Mr. Slat- tery the Minister of Justice expressed himself to this effect. " He congratulated his co religionists upon the advent of the Jesuit Fathers to the colony, and he wished they had been enabled before to take advantage of their systom of teaching. To do so hitherto they required to attend Stonyhurst, but now they had equally well trained men sent to them here, and had the same good education as was given at Stonyhurst. The Fathers were the most retiring, genial and cultured men they could imagine, and he would suggest that Roman Catholic parents should, as he had done, hand their sons over to the teaching of the Jesuit Fathers. He could not help expressing his admiration for the labours of the fathers in this colony, and every assistance which ue as a mernuur on x uriiumum, u lvmiis- ter of the Crown, or as a private citizen could give them, he would leave it to their Cardinal to command." Liberty or Bondage, WHicli? — Father Cubet, private secretary to Arch bishop Goold, Melbourne, has sent a circular to the Hibernian Australian Benefit Society, notifying that the names of all candidates for admission to tho Society must be submitted to the local clergy for approval before nomina tion. Huguenot. — It is uncertain how the French Protestants first received the name by which they are generally known. Historians differ in the account of its origin. One theory is that the name was derived from Hugh Capet : but this is scarcely probable. Ano ther theory traces it to a superstition which prevailed in those days, that the ghost of King Hugh (Lo roy Hughuon) roamed the streets at night. The Protestants, owing to tho opposition and persecution encountered, held their meetings under the cover of dark ness. In this way it has been supposed they received in derision the name of Huguenot, as if they were the tribes of the Hobgoblin king. Whatever its origin, it is evident, it was first given as a term of contempt and reproach. It soon however came into com mon use, and was worn by tho French Protes- tants without shame, and now shines most brightly as a name of honour in the world's history. Destruction of Pastor Cliinl- quy's Books.— With great sympathy for the aged pastor will bo read his letter in. another column, announcing the heavy loss ho has sustained in the destruction by the torch of an incendiary of the type of tho work he has spent so much labour on " Fifty years in the Church of Rome." . To Pastor Chiniquy whoso means have ull been gener ously devoted to the maintenance of his " converted priests' home " and other missions to Roman Catholics the loss means utter ruin unless Protestants will come to tho rescue and subscribe the means to retrieve the disas ter. That the Jesuits who have always been unscrupulous in tho means of attaining their ends are the instigators of the. foul act of incendiarism Pastor Chiniquy who knows them well seems to have no doubt. These are of tho order the Hon. Mr. Slattory and others express their delight at soeing setting them- RaIvpr in tlnn ofinntrTT fVr%Mo4v ovran "fiVtmnn the oldest son of the Romish Church will not have them. To the Jesuit school Mr. Dibbs, Sir Alexander Stuart, and Mr. Trickett, though professing Protestants, subscribed. The rea son of the dread with which the Jesuits regard the converted priests' book is of course to be found in the clear case he has made out against them, especially in the matter of President Lincoln's assassination. Rome and her Jesuit agents' have persecuted Pastor Chiniquy ever Bince he threw off the errors of Rome and devoted himself to exposing her, and rescuing souls from her trammels. They halve frequently attempted to murder him, and they nearly succeeded once in swear ing away his "freedom, only that at the last moment God raised up a witness to confound them, _ and a priest had to take the. pastor's place in prison, convicted of perjury." But for all that, their evil machinations against him have never ceased though often baffled. Their latest attempt has been the destruction of his dreaded book, and in this for the moment they have been too successful. Surely the eyes of this professing Protestant people will bo opened by this latest act of the Jesuits to the necessity of opposing their abominable teaching of the end justifying the means of which, this incendiarism is an instance. We will gladly bo the instruments of forwarding to tho pastor any donations which may be sent in to help him out of his trouble. The death of a donkey is reported from Scotland at the age of one hundred and six yearB. It came into tho possession of the ancestors of Mr. Ross, of Cromarty, in 1779, but its age at that date is unknown. An accident was the cause of death. 