(Sxmbag jkabmg. DAVID'S TEMPLE. [By Rev. C. H. Spurgeon.] . David was for many years searching for a site for the great temple which he proposed to build for Jehovah Ids God. It had been ordained that the sacrifices offered to the one God should be offered by all Israel upon one altar ; but as yet the ark of the Lord was with in curtains, near to David's palace, and the altar of burnt offering was situated at Gibeon. . Where should the one altar be -erected? Where should the ark find its permanent dwelling place? David said, 'Surely X will not come into the tabernacle of my house, nor go up into my bed ; I will not give sleep to mine eyes, or slumber to mine eyelids, until I find out a place for the Lord, an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob.' Yet for a long time he received no indication as to the exact spot whereon the Lord's altar should be reared, save only that he was told that the Lord had chosen Zion and desired it for His habitation. David watched, and waited, and prayed, and in due time he received the sign. God knew the spot, and had consecrated it long before TTis appearance unto Abraham. Upon Mount Moriah, on or near that particular spot which had been, named Jehova-jireh, was the temple to be built. Abraham had there un sheathed the knife to slay his son. Wondrous type of the great Father offering up TTis Only begotten for the sins of man ! The scene of that grand transaction was to be the centre of worship for the chosen people. Where Abraham made the supreme sacrifice, there should his descendants present their offerings. Or if we look into the type and see God there presenting Jesus as a sacrifice for men, it was most suitable that man should for ever sacrifice to God where God made a sacrifice for him. As yet it was not known to David that . this was the chosen place. Now it is indicated by memorable signs; the angel of justice stands above the spot, and his sword is sheathed there in answer to the cries of the afflicted king, according to the long-suffering mercy of God. Then David clearly saw the mind of the Lord, and said, ' This is the house of Jehovah my God, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for Israel.' Then he commenced at once with double speed to prepare the materials for the temple; though he knew that he might not build it, since Ms hands had been stained with blood, yet he would do all that he could to help his son Solomon in the great enterprise. This problem which David bad at last worked out by the good hand of God upon him is one which in a deep spiritual sense exercises our hearts full often. Where is it that man may meet with God? How is it that man may speak with his offended Lord and be reconciled to Him? Is there not some meeting-place where the. sinner may express his repentance, aud where mercy may grant full absolution ? Many are saying, ' 'Oh, that I knew where I might find Him j' Hearts touched by the Spirit of God are still seeking after God, if haply they may find Him. In what condition, and by what means may man be at peace with God and dread no longer the sword of TTis justice? For the heart of some of us that problem takes a further shape: we know where man may meet with God, but we want to know how the careless, proud, rebellious heart shall be induced to come to God in TTis appointed way. We know it is by the power of the Holy Ghost, through the preaching of the Word, and the uplifting of the all-attracting cross ; but we would fain know the state of mind which will lead up to reconciliation ; for now we often have to go back to Him that sent us, and to cry, 'Who hath believed our report? and to whom is~*tne'ann of the Lord revealed ?' We would lead to God by Jesus Christ if we could ; we stretch out the finger and we point the way, but they will not see ; we stretch out both hands and entreat them to come, but they will not yield ; our heart breaketh for the longing that it hath to present every man in Christ reconciled unto the living God ; but how shall it be ? H jw shall the sinner come unto God? 