? IEELAND. ME. WILLIAM O'BBIEN, M.P., AND THE SPEAKEB. DUBLIN'S ANSWER TO THB BRITISH PAWT.TAMKNT. MASS MEETING IN THB PHOENIX MAGNIFICENT DEMONSTRATION. PARK. TPH LORD MAYOR AND THB PRINOB OF WALES. On Sunday last (says the Nation of 7th 'March), a magnifioent demonstration was held in the Phoenix Park to protest against the action of the Speaker of the House of Commons in suspending Mr. William O'Brien, M.P., on Tuesday week. Although hastily organised the meeting was a splendid suooess, and it recalled, by its magnitude, the great demonstrations held in the neighbourhood of Dublin some yearB ago under the auspices of the Amnesty Association. The Lord Mayor presided, and amongst those present were Mr. Harrington, M.P., and Mr.-Mayne, M.P., both of whom spoke. The following is a full report of Mr. O'Brien's Bpeech on the occasion :— Mr. William O'Brien, M.P., who was greeted with an extraordinary demonstration, waving of hats, and oheerlng that lasted for some minutes, said- Fellow-countrymen, I am In despair of only one thing to-day, and that is of sending my weak voice to one-tenth of the enormous gathering here in the Park to-day. (Applause.) I don't know whether you are aware that you are all guilty ot a high breaoh of privilege— (laughter)—in daring to cough at the decision of the Speaker of the English House of Commons. (Groans, laughter, and cheers.) A Yoice—He is not'the first fool that sat in that chair. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'Brien—Tou are guilty of as gross a disregard of the authority of the Ohalr as an Irish member is now when he ventures to say " hear, hear," without asking his leave. (Laughter.) I only wish we could manage to produoe this whole mighty and glgantlo gathering at the bar of the House of Commons. (Cheers.) It might help Englishmen to understand that whenever they strike a blow at the most Insignificant representative of the Irish people—(no, no)—there are millions of faithful Irish hearts who feel the blow, and who are only burning for an opportunity of returning It, (Loud cheers.) However, a good many things have happened slnoe last Tuesday night, and I venture to think that Mr. Speaker Peel—(groans)—and his brute majority—(groans)—have other fish to fry justnow—(laughter)—besides committing a hundred thousand citizens' for contempt, with the Lord Mayor at their head. (Laughter.) I think that since last Tuesday night it is the Ministry themselves that have got suspended— (laughter and cheers)-and, according to all appearance, for a much longer period than I have. (Laughter.) A "Voice—They will have more'trouble to get back again. Mr. O'Brien—If it were a mere question of vengeance with us, our vengeance• might well be slaked by the shout of triumph that went up from the Irish party in the House of Commons on Friday night—(cheers)—when their votes, as I believe, sealed the fate and sounded the death knell of the disgraced and ruined Ministry of coercion. (Loud cheers.) In fact, I should have thought that if you were to pwB any expression with regard to the Speaker to-day that oharity would perhaps impel yon to make it a vote of condolence rather than a vote of oensure. (Laughter.) A Voice—We ought to thank him for having you here to-day. (Cheers.) Mr. O'Brien—Because at this moment Mr. Speaker Peel—(groans and ories of "To h— with him") is muoh more in need of comfort and consolation than I can pretend to be—(laughter)—and I venture to think that by the time our friendB Mr. Sexton—(cheers)—and Mr. Healy—(renewed oheers)—have "raisoned out the case" with him—(laughter)—I venture to think he will be a still fitter object for your Christian compassion. Of course the treatment that the representatives of Ireland Jiave been receiving in the House of Commons is about as bad and as unfair and as 1 soandalous as it o juld possibly be; it sometimes makes our blood boil, as apparently it sometimes makes yours. (Hear, hear.) But, for my part, I have not the slightest pergonal objection that the representatives of Ireland should be treated in the English House of Gammons as foreigners and as enemies. A Voloe—So we are. (Cheers.) ' Mr. O'Brien—On -the contrary, It aerves to expose to (the world the sham of pretendiiigihat Ireland is governed fey constitutionalmethods. (Hear, hear.) It serves to remind ns of the truth that was so often insisted upon by John Dlllon—that tlfey hate us, and that we hate them In return. (Cheers.) Tou may be quite sure that the nations of Europe who are watching the foreign and domestic relations of England very closely just now—(hear, hear)—you may be sure that they learn from events like the events of last week that here, In the heart of the British Empire, Is a nation of Irishmen with several millions of men all over the globe, whose relations with England are simply the relations of cruel war, tempered by the scarcity of firearms. (Loud cheers.) A Voice—A cheer for the Mahdl that has them. (Cheers.) Mr. O'Brien—That is a far more awkward lesson for England than for ns to teach the statesmen of Bussia and of Germany and of France. (Cheers). There is another reason why the Irish people need not be at all dissatisfied at the maltreatment that their representatives receive in the English House of Commons. It makes us all the better Irish Nationalists. English caresses and blandishments are muoh more dangerous than their abuse or their suspension. (Hear, hear). It is easy enough, and perhaps it is pleasant enough, to purohase the compliments of Englishmen, but I don't know that the Irish oause was ever very mnch the better of English compliments. (Hear, hear). It used to be supposed long ago that the Irish people only required to have a little more intercourse with their English rnlers—that, in fact, to know them was to love them. (Laughter). Well, I only wish we could pass every able-bodied man in Ireland through a course of service in that House of Commons under the present conditions. I believe that they would return charged with a more intense hatred of England and of English rule than they could from reading all the histories of all the past wrongs and sorrows of our race. (Hear, hear). For my own part, I have not the slightest enmity to individual Englishmen in the House of Commons. I have no doubt that they are excellent fathers of familiesdaughter)—and they are certainly capital shopkeepers. I must say there are about half-a-dozen Englishmen in the House of Commons for whom I, and I believe every member of the Irish party, have a deep and sincere respect— (cries of " Cowen")—and, indeed, as he is now, I would rather think, beyond the power of either helping or hurting us, I must say that I myself have no hesitation in placing Mr. Gladstone first on that list—(laughter and hisses)--of men whose personal character and intellect, and I would say tenderness for Ireland, are conspicuous. But every hour I spend in the House convinces me more that men of that description are only as rain-drops in the|ocean of English cant and ignorance and anti-Irish prejudice and stolid self-sufficiency that overflows the English HouBe of Commons when they come to deal with Irish matters. To know the Englishmen and Scotchmen who govern ns is to detest and to despise them—it is to chafe under their bungling tyranny and under their still more offensive patronage. Tou cannot sit opposite these men without feeling that, though there are only a few yards dividing ns across the floor of the House, the two races are separated by a guU^o deep and so wide that the Irish heart would rather claim kinship with the Russian, or the German, or the Arab of the desert—(loud, oheers)—and the British ruling classes have exaotly the same feeling with regard to ns. Tou should hear their yells upon an occasion like last iTuesday night to know what there is in them. Their civilisation is only skin-deep. Yon have only to scratch the Briton to find the bully. (Cheers.) The English House of Commons are the most tolerant body of men in all the world so long as yod agree with them—(langhter)—but the moment you differ with them, the moment you say or do anything that conflicts with their interests or the opinions of Englishmen, they have the toleration that a tiger has for his prey. These men cannot for the life of them oonoeive why Irish members, representing the oppressed of Ireland, Should behave different from Englishmen, representing the wealth and fat oontentment of England. What maddened them more than anything else is that we keep strictly within onr rights under their own constitution. It Is they Who are violating their own laws, and breaking their own constitution, while they silence and suspend us. (Cheers.) Every man of them knows thoroughly well that In the event of last'Tuesday night the Iriah party wete perfectly tad the Speaker hopelessly in the wrong, They knew perfectly well that they have degraded their own Parliament to a sort of Backwood Vigilance {Jommittee—that they have made their Speaker a sort of Judge Lynch, and the prond Parliament of England Is now merely a mob that executeshiamidnightdeorees. (Applause.) Well, that is not our fault. It is we that are Btanding upon the lines of their own constitution. The English constitution was framed to give free voice to the grievances of the people, and to make government impossible so long as that people were oppressed. (Hear, hear.) That constitution is sacred in England. And why? Because England is free and contented. It causes scenes and troubles and heart burnings to the representatives of Ireland. And why f Beoause they represent a people who are coerced, misgoverned, and enslaved—because the Irish people have at last found representatives who are not afraid to make that fact felt, and disagreeably felt, by their tyrants. (Prolonged oheering.) When that shoe pinched Englishmen themselves—when they themselves were misgoverned, and their members of Parliament insulted, arraigned, tfhd suspended, as yours are now—they were not very mealy-mouthed about their mode of prooedure. I remember upon one oocasion in English history they held the Speaker down in his chair by main force, and I also remember—though my memory does not go back quite so far—(laughter) —except in books—I remember that their friend Cromwell—(groans)—one time took up the mace and oleared the whole House of Commons in a run. (Laughter.) I wonder what would Mr. Speaker Peel say to these disorderly interruptions if Cromwell had the misfortune to be member for Mallow. I wonder if the struggles of these old English patriots—whom they ought to be ashamed now to recall—men like Collls, and Pym, and Hampden—if the struggles of these men had been put down in their day as disorderly interruptions by Speakers like Peel, where would the liberties of England be to-day t (Hear, hear.) We are only applying to the case of Ireland the lesson of their own English constitutional history, and that is what maddens them. (Applause.) It is not the business of Mr. Parnell, or the business of the representatives of the Irish people to make the Speaker's cushion soft for him. It Is not their business to make the English House of Commons a pleasant lounge. Their business, and their perfectly constitutional business, is to make the place ring with Irish discontent, and to wage eternal and unquenchable war with the tyrants of the Irish people. (Prolonged oheerlng.) The English may howl until they are black in the faoe, but if they find that sort of thing disagreeable for them they have two remedies, and two remedies alone. They must either suppress the representatives of Ireland altogether and make up;their minds to rule us for ever more with the naked sword—and the sword is sometimes a double-edged weapon—or else they will have to give a Parliament of our own—(applause)—in which the will and the wants of the Irish people shall have full and free expression—in which their aspirations shall find satisfaction and contentment, and prosperity and freedom. (Renewed applause.) It won't do for them to insult and badger the representatives of the Irish people to-day, and send over tomorrow the Prinoe and Prinoess of Wales —(groans and cries of " they need not come here")—to amuse ns with their glass beads and trinkets, as if we were a nation of negroes. (Groans.) I don't want to Bay anything unnecessarily ungracious of the Prince of Wales, who, by all aoconuts, iB a good fellow enough for a prinoe. (Laughter.) A Voice—He needn't be muoh for that. Mr. O'Brien—And I should be sorry that the Irish people should treat the English Prinoe so disoourteously as the English Parliament treats the representatives of Ireland; but if those who are sending over the Prinoe of Wales imagine they can purify and glorify Dublin Castle by sprinkling a little Boyal Condyan Fluid over it—if they imagine they can lay the ghost of Myles Joyoe the first moment that the sun of Boyal condescension shines on us—if they imagine they can make the democracy of Ireland swerve from the path that they have been treading, and from theleaders in whom they have confidence, back to the old slavish days of danoing, and bowing, and cringing at the Castle ..gate—I want to tell them from this glorious assemblage of the citizens of Dublin to-day that the days for royal tomfoolery in Ireland are gone and gone for ever; ' (Great sheering). 1 Let there We no mistake or mealy-mouthedness about the matter. The Irish people would not staqd it. They have not been cowed by a Crimes Aot, andtheyare not in the least likely to be jieduoedbylpllypopB of that description. , (LMgWw ;«nd applause.) I don't know who asked the, Prinoe of Wales over here or what brings him here, I, only know, that the only thing the citizens of Dublin.owe to him are the broken heads ihat ihey received in their own park^ere opon -the lastoo- ,a\Mt-^iw-'J-* oasion when his Boyal Highness and Earl Spencer were enjoying themselves in the Vice-regal Lodge beyond. (Great groaning.) Now, when another young gentle-- man of that family came to Dublin last year, the Lord Mayor-of that- time and the citizens of Dublin, showed how they could be perfectly civil and perfectly strange towards him, atad I amp6£eotly certain that our worthy Lord Mayor— (cheers for his lordship)—who has put himself at the-head of this gnat demonetration to-day, will prove .himself just as equal to the emergency when it arises. (Applause.) A Voice—He does not want to be knighted. Mr. O'Brien—If the Prince of Wales wants to know the truth about Ireland,, do not delude him with any false pre- L tences of a prosperity that does not exist,- or a loyalty you do not feel. Show him" in your decaying streets and, ruined in^ dustrles what English rule , has done for; the capital of Ireland. Show him in youri empty and silent thoroughfares how eml-, gratlon has drained away your life-blood. Show him that the Irish people hate every: stone of the walls of Dublin Castle, an& every bone in the bodies of its officials. Show him that the capital of Dublin tag; ceased to place its trust in prlncss—hak ceased to beg for their alms or to dread' their frown; and show him that Dublin, has staked all its energies and hopes fair! the future upon the noble ambition ot being the centre and capital .of a self-relying, self-respeotlog, and self- governing, Irish nation. (Prolonged cheering.) And' believe me, if you do, that the Prince of Wales will respeot you mote, and. wfil : carry away a more wholesome impret-; sion about Ireland than if every/ man who is listening to me shouted' for him as enthusiastically as", 'if you were expecting a knighthood. (Laughter, and applause.) The Prihoe' of Wales, you may be quite sure. is not coming over here to enjoy the scenery or" to inquire after your healths. 'He''is coming here because England wants' something from yon. English princes' are always very condescending to Iraland: at periods when England, is in ; l h|>t' water. (Laughter.) There Is not , a" corner of the world to-day, from ( ,thtf frontiers of India to the deserts of the- Soudan—(cheers for the Mahdi)—where £ the arms and the trade of England are, not confronted by dangerous foes, an& whether there is a change of Ministry ort not now England's difficulties are not'to the least likely to diminish. (Cheers.) > The present Ministry have riot courage enough to make war, nor honesty enough 1 to let it alone; and if Lord Salisbury should succeed them, he is c(n!te fash' 1 enough to plunge England into some J tremendous war without the genius br resources to get her out of it.; (Applause.) The time is coming when the- Irish people may occupy the same pqsi?[ tlon between the English Governmehtand, her foes that the Irish party pocupylas, themselves between the ruling EngUphi parties in the Honse of Commons. :. The. polioy of the Irish people, as the polloy of the Irish party, is to etiok-to their seats and to keep their minds to themselves to the last moment. If Englandwants to change thatjtide In time, to tarn; a nation of rebels Into a nation of allies,' they will have to send over their; Prince; of Wales upon some more Important and radioal business than dancing or! conferring knighthoods. They will have to Bend him over to klok Earl Speuoer out of the Lord Lieutenancy—{oheers)—. to level Dublin Castle to the jearth, tp. empty, as Sexton haji .aug^gd^thj^t gaols of their political prisoners. tP dls-, arm their police, to drop their coercion, to change the whole a^n^taatloji Qi. the country root and branch, and to, assemble the representatives clothe lrlstt people in a place where there will be no English Speakers or English _ brute majorities to flout and silence them—a free Parliament of the Irish nation V onr old Senate House lb College-green. (Tremendous cheering.) ... r THE LORD MAYOR AND THK PRBK» WALES. ' The Lord Mayor, in acknowledging " vote of thanks lor having presided oy/sr the meeting, said :— . ... Mr. High Sheriff and OentlemenM W grateful to you for that vote of thanM. It haS 'fceen my proud privilege elected' by' the people. I.' have' Mito; asked by the people to attend here today. I .have done so, and nothing naS; ever pleiased ; me more than to see, tnu, great and. enthupiasfio ;m'eeting. , (Ap-, plause.) Since the day it was announced that the Prince of Wales wopM. oopoe, jhere I have received cart-loads of M 4 ®*!- from London, Birmingham, Leed«r and Liverpool, from manufacturers of; flags,! banners, decorations, and medals, and. all those sorts of things, soliciting orders. Gentlemen, they will not get one; penny of my money. (Cheers.) • Since'I icame into the Mtnrion -House' I taw J j jkef£theflag floating, but when see that! l th&Prinoeof; Wales has tiome into King*- ' "" ' " * ' "" tdwn I Will'take down the flag from fhe 'Mansion House. (Greatapplause.) I also tiavetogive a little advice to the National Shopkeepers of Dublin. I will read to yon one oi the letters I have got from England. His lordship then read the ^following communication oat of a large number, of documents of a like nature which he held in his hands :— . M Ffom W. O. Lewis, Medallist, Sir' mingham. " W. O. Iiewis begs to say that his •pedal series of medals in commemoration of the royal visit will be ready early next week. Prices range from 17s. 6d. to 60s. per gross. Also silver and gold "medals. '(Great laughter.) I will ask the National shopkeepers (his lordship continued) not to invest in these things. (Hear, hear.} Let the visitors invest in them if they like. (Applause.) With these few words, ! thank you from the bottom of my heart ?or the hononr yon have done me to-day. '(Cheers.) 