ONLY A fCi2L. ' fi caHOrER I.-" - WE PLAY WITH LIGHT r0 ?V-'ES IN THE PORTAL." Mabel Burniston was Lady Burniston'o t Noungest daughter-youngest and only h unmarried daughter; all the others-and there lad been four of them-were satia fantorily settled. That Mabel was Lady Burniston's daughter is said advisedly, for though of course she was Sir john d Brnuiston's daughter too, no one ever spoke of Sir John us having anything or being anything. Hoe was one of the many y nobodies of life. But his wife was far from being nobody. A woman who has t brought up five daughters, and married four of them off as each reached the age of nineteen, certainly deserves to be con sidered somebody amongst English mnatrons; especially when it is born in1 mind that these four young ladies had not bdn-riemarkable for good looks, neither hadtliey any fortunes- atleast none worth speaking of. Now it was Mabel's tun,, end ii the first four had done well, she a was expected by her mother to do still a better; for, unlike her sisters, Mabel Burniston was exceedingly pretty, son pretty that already she was acknowledged f as the beauty of the season. She was t rather small and very fair ; but her figure was as perfect in shape as her face in colour. Her hair was of that bright I golden hue which is still so uncomenon, I in spite of all that can be done by "auriferous fluid" and other prepara tions. She wore this golden hair in a thick fringe on her white forehead, coming down nearly to the delicately pencilled eyebrows, beneath which shone out a pair of the most lovely dazzling blue eyes that ever boewitched mortal enan. Very young, very fond of pleasure, full of life and spirits, and an acknow ledged belle, it was no'wonder, perhaps, that Mabel should be a flirt. 'Still it was a pity, thought her mother, because it might spoil her prospects. It was a pity, thought her cousin Douglas 1ei'tienzio, because it might break his heart. It was a warm afternoon in May, and Douglas, a dark, handsome, grave-looking young man, was sitting in his aunt's London drawing- roosm, nursing his hat and stick, and talking earnestly to Mabel, whlowas sometimes listening, some times teasing her canary bird, whose gilt cage hung amidst the flowers in the window. " And now will you not allow that I had some reason for my ill-temper, and for give me, and let us he friends again I" eaid Douglas, getting up and coaming over to Mabel, who was occupied with the canary. "No; I like Captain Maudesley, and he waltzes divinely, and I mean to dance with, him as often as I like; and I don't allow that you have any right to lecture me about it," spoke Mabel, care lesaly. "No right! Do you mean that, Mabel-!' asked Douglas, tenderly and re. proachfully. " Yes, Douglas, I do mean it, if I am to be bothered about every man I am the least bit civil to, and taken to task about every round dance I give to any one ex cept yourself. It's a bore," exclaimed the spoilt beauty, pettishly. " . sort of spasm passed over Douglas M'Kenzie's dark, grave face' as lie said, bitterly, " Then my love is 'a bore' to you, Mabel. It has come to that al ready !" "Jealousy's always a bore," answered his cousin, lightly. " Jealousy is a part of love," said Douglas, sadly; " and I must have been more than human," he added, "if I had not been jealous last night, whoan you not only could not keep one dance for me, but had not even a word or a smile for me, though there were plenty for those empty-headed fools you chose to flirt with." "There, now you are getting angry," said Mabel, with provoking coolness, sinking down as she spoke, with an air of pretended fatigue, on a low chair. Then raising those lovely blue eyes slowly to her cousin's troubled face, she said : " If you don't like my ways, cousin Douglas, perhaps you had better not bother your wise head any more about me." "Don't like your ways i 0 Mab, Muab, when you know how I worship you !" cried Douglas, suddenly dropping on his knees beside her, and covering her little hands with kisses. "Don't, Douglas; suppose mamma were to come in," said Mabel, with a look of gratified vanity, but otherwise un moved by the passionate outburst. "I wish she would come in, and I would tell her the truth-tell her how I love you, and that you have promised to be my wife. I wish you had let me tell her before," Douglas said. "If you want everything betweenus to be at an end, you could not do better than tell her at once," said Mabel,turning petulantly away; "and, for my part, I give you my permission to do it," she added carelessly, looking from the window as she spoke. Douglas M'Kenzie's face turned very pale. " Are you thinking of what you are saying, Mabel ?" he asked very gravely. "Of course I am ; I never speak with out thinking," she replied, with a little affected laugh. " O God, Mabel ! and I thought you loved me !" exclaimed the man, with such a tone of despair in his voice that it moved Mabel for a moment. " So I do," she said hastily, " so I do, as. my cousin; as my friend if you like, but--" " You loved me in a different way once. It is the old love I want, the love you promised me last year. If you are going to tell me that you can no longerhbe mine, Heaven help mo i!" He came close to her where she stood by the window, and tried to look into her face, bet the blue eyes were bent resolutely on the ground, and she only answered nervously and hastily : "You do take things so strangely, Douglas, and:use suchatrong expressions; I wish you wouldn't; and it is no use talking about last year. I was almost a child then, and things are so different now." Douglas's dark stern face grew darker and sterner. "That means," he said, " that now you have experienced a few weeks of a London season, and fined that your beauty brings you admirers by the score, you think that you can affbrd to thro, away my honttest love as a thintg of no worth. Mly pain is nothing tovot. Mabel, upon my soul, I believe you are a heart. less flirt." "Very well, Mr. 3t'Kenszie, then, per haps you had better bid me 'Good after. noon.' It would be a pity that you should waste any more of your valuable time talking to such a worthless individuaol," his cousin said coolly, though her cheek reddened with anger. Douglas M'Kenezie looked at her earnestly for a moment, but the pretty face wore a mockingsaile. There was no dsign of fooling of any kind after that slight flush of anger, aud in silence he turned and left the room. "Poor Douglas, he'll be dreadful wretched now," comfortably observed Mabel to herself when he was gone, " and it is all his own fault. I didt't want to come to a downright quarrel; but it is just as well perhaps. I shloulden't wondler but he will come tounight and try to msake it up, but I shan't. It would be ewkward to have him always spooning after mes just now ;" and Mabel tripped across the room to a mirror and began trying tlie effect isn her hair of various flowee whlich she selected from a smagnificent bour?ti et sent her that morning. Mlabel was very fond of looking in the glass. MIuch as sheo was admired, shehad eot perhaps ametngstt all her adorers so ardent an admirer as herself. That evening there was a dance at thle huriston's ; noet a ball, but a quiet, frioendl affair, otdy Blirniston was e, rather famous Tor this sort of entertain- Is moent, as?d some ill-natured persons had 1' bsen known to remark that those four tl daughters who had been settled so well p had been "waltzed intoaatriomony." Douglas M'Konzie, gloomily eating his al dinner by himself at his cliib, and drink- to ing more sherry than was good for him, st decided not to go to this party ; but al- y mos? as soon as he had arrived at this a decision, changed his mind, wont to his b chambers, made an elqborate toilette, put g himself into a Hansom, and was driven y to his aunt's house. Almost the first object his eyes lighted I on as he entered the drawing-room, i which had been partially cleared for dancing, was Mabel, exquisitelV di'asled, b looking distractingly prettyi being whirled a round to the titeot strains of the 1 " Soldaten indeor" in the arms of a tall c fair ntah, the happy possessor of a q'fits re- f mar'kable amber mustache and whiskers, h and (so it was said) of about £16,000 per r anntm. People had begun already to notice that Hugh Chattortop sceneed egtris with the pretty M'abel, and to- night the f flirtation was very obviotts indeed. As t they waltzed, her head; with its mar vellota golden cails, almost rested on his a shoulder, and her blue eyes were raised I to his in a manner calculated to do- c prive him in a very short time of any small bit of peace of mind he might have a left. Douglas frowned savagely as he stood for a few momenta watching the pair. f There was a block in the doorway, and i he had to wait for a pause in the dance I before he could make his way furtler into the room. Pretently there came bustling uji to I him a little red-haired mano in spectacles. " Ahlt M'Kenzio, hoir do !" said this individcal, whoe eras generally known as s "Tomnmy Otway." ouuglas only vouchsafed a growl by way of answer. " Something up it appears between Chatterton thorn and your fair cousin," t thereat remarked Air. Otway, glancing t through his shining spectacles at the dancers; " thatns the third time they i have danced together this evening." " And what does it matter to youn withl whom my cousin dances 1" asked Douglas, fiercely, turning round upon the little man. "Oh, nothing in the world, my dear fellow, nothing in the World I Only a man can't help using his eyes, you know; and this is a ftree Country." " Deuced deal too free," muttered DouInlas, as lie moved away. " Lot tme introduce yon to a partner for the Lancers, Douglas," said Lady Bourniston, whom he encountered in his passage through the room. "No, thanks ; shan't dance to-night," he answered shortly. " Tiresome savage," his aunt said to herself as, smiling sweetly, she sailed on in her brown velvet and guipure. A few paces further on Douglas was brought to a stand close behind an otto man, on which.were seated two old ladies. " Shocking little flirt 1 " he heard one observe, looking after liabel, who just then went by on Chatterton's arm; " shocking little flirt !" The room was warm, and the lady ad dressed was stout, andt it was in a very spiteful tone that she replied. " Flirt, indeed ! The way thatgirl has i been going on this evening is simply dis gusting ! I'nm glad' I'm not her mother I" and she fanned herself vigorously. S"Spiteful old cats I" thought Douglas as he moved on ; but there was a sharp t pain at his heart. He was a man who hated the vrey name of flirt, and Iholoved his cousin Mabel very dearly. In vain he tried to get speech of her that night: she would not ervo see him, and there was generally a little crowd of men about her. Sad at heart, towards the end of the evening he sauntered into the conserva tory, and there he came suddenly upon Mabel and Chatterton. Mabel was giving e her partner a rose from her bouquet, and he as he took it kissed the hand that gave it, and was not rebuked. Only three ovenines ago she had given t a flower to Captain Mautlasley under pre cisely similar circumstances ; and yet ere he turned away Douglas heard Chatterton say: " And so you don't like Mlaudealey 1" And Mabel replied : " No, he is so very military, and Idon't like army men as a rule." " And no doubt to-morrow sho'll tell some other fellow just the contrary," thought Douelas, bitterly : but he was right; she did, or she would if it had suited her to do so. Mabel pursued her own way, and soon became noted notonly I as a reckless flirt, but a most capricious and heartless coquette. Her cousin Douglas was only one sufferer amongst many. r CHAITER II.-" SOM1t SAY, THY FAULT IS g YOUTH, SOME WANTONNESS." 1 "Icall 'em the three victims," said Tommy Otway. He was seated In a r luxurious chair in the smoking-room of his club, and addressed himself to a small ? circle of admiring listeners, mostly very Syoung men. 0 " Who are the three victims; let's hear l" said another man, sauntering up. " Why Chatterton, M1audesley, and Branston. That little Mlabel has played the very devil with them alL" " Yes, that she has," observed the now comer. " Chatterton, in a fit of disgust, t has gone and proposedl to the very plainest girl of the season, and, what's more to the purpose, he is going to marry her. Maudesley has sold out, and is now some where upin the North-has turned hermet or landscape.gardeoner, or something of lthe sort; and Branstons-well, that is a I mnore serious affair. He blew his brains out, poor fellow, and they say it was her fault. Butt I don't believe that: he was I always rather weak in the head, and I for Sone don't blame Mabel in the affair." " What! has lsh bewitched you ton, Cameron P ' asked Otway. " No, no, tout asot coorairc-that is, quite the reverse," drawled Cameron. " That means you have bewitched her I suppose," remarked one of the others: and as Cameron was famed for hlis ex t reone ugliness, there was a general laugh. The subject of the merriment took it very good.temperedly; he was used to being la.oled at, and when there was . silence again he observed coolly. "If you'd like to hear a piece of news I'll tell you wvho's her last conqluest, and that is SFrere Berkeley. Every one was noticing th'e affair last night at Lady \Wyclherly's." " Frerelerkeley ! Has le comoe back 1" exclaimed two or thlree toheltor. " Oh, Frere's heore, is he TThen the Elmers are in town," said Otway. quietly. "Rihtyouare. Tommy; the Elmors are in town," replied Cameron. d '" And how is ohe looking 1" e "Haven't seen her myself; but, I hear, lovelier than ever." k " H'm. Supposing what you say about the little Mlabel to be true, there are the r materials for avery pretty little comedy, y or tragedy, as the case may be." " "Oh ! say comedy. We don't go in t for tragedy in these days " 00 " Well, whichever it's going to be, I should like to see the drtmna played out. ol Pity the season's so tnearly over." d It was nearthe end of July when the d conversation just reported took place in Sthe smoking.-room of the not very exclu is sie club patronised by Mr. Otway. or Early in August,the llBurnistons left town, :0 and the play the little inqouisitive red d lhaired man was interested in was not st played out till the following November; bet as it hapIcened, he did witness tlhe to gradual unfolding of this dramna in high oh life, for he tmanaged to got lhimself in ot vited down to Fairbank, tihe Wyclherlys' F place in lHarpnalire. Lady WVycherly bo was Mlabe!'s eldest sister, a plain, but nt livelyand attractive woman, whopossessed to the art of making her husband's house very pleasant both to his friends and her to ownt, so Falrbanrk was always full of I, visitors. Amnongst the guests on this occasion were Mabel Burniston, Douglas hn M'Kenzie, Frore Berkeley, and Mr. and MIrs. Elmer. The dramatis ,persona of the play, which Mr. Otway wished to sae I played out. Mr. and Mrs. Elmer were one of those w strikingly ill- matched pairs which it k makes one indignant to see. Hie was oc sour-looking, ugly, and old; she was young and very lovely. In style she was n a bright blonde like Mabel Burniston, sa but she was far more beautiful A sweet gentle creature, of a loving but timid and re yielding disposition, not very ulever, wholly devoid of sellishness and vanity, % Lilian Elmenor was a woman Whose path li in the world osight to hako been made h smooth for her by kind and helping hands: 0 but it had not been so. Her story was a sad one. Three years ago slhe had r. loved Frereo Berkeley, and would have a married him, bit her father had inter- a fered (for Froro was lioor thee), had sent i her lover away, and married her to the P man she now called hnsband. She did al not love him--she would have hated him d had she not been of too gentle a nature for that, and Frere Berkeley was always n near her-Frere, handsome, young, and at loving her only too well. It was a sual story, and people talked and wondered I how it would end. This had booun going 1 on now for about two yeats. "Of course you know, dear, that there are stories abonut him and Mrs. Elmer ?" d said Lady Wycherly to Mlabel Burniston. Is The two sisters were sitting before the I fire in Lady \Vycherly's dressing-room, ivdulging in tea and talk before dinner. t Mabel had just arrived. I " What storiesr' asked Mabel. " Oh, she was ini love with him before lice was married, you know, and he was s awfully inl love with her, and has gone on c being in love with her since, which he should not have done, of course, and wherever they go, he goes, and so people talk." a " Mary, I do think you are rather fond v of scandal," said Mabel, impatiently. " I don't believe there is anything butfriend ship between him and Mrs. Elmer." a " My dear ! Did I say there was ) I a only wished to give you some idea of the sort of man he is, or rather the sort of I man people say he is, as he seems to have r taken your fancy, Mab." " Who told you he had taken my fancy f" asked Mabel quickly. " Well, mother did;" said Lady Wy cherly, after an instant's hesitation. " Then mother has beeoon writing about me ! Now tell me what she said," Mabel cried imporiously. " No, her letter was private and confi dential," replied Lady WVychorly laugh ing. " It doesn't matter. I dare say it was nothing complimentary," Mabel said carelessly as she went off to dross. Lady Wycherly, when she was alone, took from her pocket the letter whilch l had been alluded to, and read onet, passage in it over again : " He is really immensely s rich ; Iam told so by people who know and whom I can depend on. I trust to you, dearMary, to manage the affair,for I am tied here by Sir John's gout, and t goodness knows when I shall be able to get away. Of course, I knows all about the MdIrs. Elmer story; but there is not the least doubt but that Mabel may r have him note if she likes, and the old affair will soon be forgotten by every 3 body"-so it ran. There was more of it, but Mary Wycherly read no further; she folded the letter-with a half sigh, and murmured s to herself something about " Belgravian t morality," but she checked the words on her lips, for it was her own mother whom she was judging. There was at Fairbank, as there is in many houses, a small room opening out of the largtd drawing-room, a nondescript t apartment, furnished in boudoir style, and used largely for flirtations, but for little else. In this room, on that after noon, there were two people talking t earnestly together in the firelight, which alone illuminated the small apartment. It I wanted quite three-quarter of an hour to o dinner time ; but both the lady and gentle man were in dinner dross. A dark handsoule man, with a fine aristocratic face ; a very beautiful woman, with masses of golden curls piled high above her white neck. She looked very young, but she had been married for three years. " Lilian, in our position we cannot afford to indulge in small screples," said t the man. " But Frere, I know-oh, I know so I well, that I can no longer talk of right and wrong : they exist no more for me ! Still, there seems a meanness in this that I revolts me," the woman exclaimed. r" Suppose sheo should got to love you 1"' " She loves no one but herself," was the answer. " You need not fear for her. a A woman without a heart can always take t care of herself." He spokevary coolly, and the fair woman made no further remonstrance. " Frere," she whispered presently look I ing up at him with a frightened expression a in her lovely eyes, " it gets worse and f worse. He threatened to strike me to I day !" " Curse him, the miserable, cowardly seoundrel !" said Frere, his facs turning s white with rage. "I wish I had been by." " I am very glad you were Lot, Frore. That is what I am more afraid of than anything-you and he quarrelling." And she looked round nervously towards the door as she spoke. c "Why I He couldn't hurt me," said Berkeley, with a contemptuous laugh. " No, no, but think what Ihe might do to ne." "c By Heaven, if ever he touched a hair f of your head-" a Le might do worse than that; he might take me away somewhere and shut me up in some dreadful place. I am in Shis power." She shuddered and trembled violently. " Doe't, Lilian," bhoke out Frere, pus si aonately ; "don't look like that. It makes me mad to think I can't take you away now this moment, safe out of hia reach for ever, Lily, my own-" The rustle of a silk gown was heard: someone had entered the next room. The young man quietly took up a wide-awake hat and overcoat which lay on a chair Snear, and it five seconds had disappeared Sby the way he came, through one of the a French windows which opened on to the I lawn. Lilian Elmer was alone, and the I next minute came forward with a perfectly a calm air sand a conventional smile, to greet Sher hostess. Lady Wycholly looked " rather surprised. " You came alhnost like a ghost out of thlat little roomt," she said lauglhingly. o " 1 did not think any one would be down yet. But perhaps it is later than I s thought.", " O)h no, you are not late, I think," said MIrs. Elmer. '" i told Simpson not to put much light in that roomc, but it seems he misunder t stood me, for hIe iha put none," said Lady e Wychcerly. c" Tihe firolilht is very nice ; I have been sitting theroe," aid Lilian Elmer, quietly. SPeople began to come in. There was a little atr as Mabel appeared. She was I generally rather over-dressed, and to t. night shte wore a rich dead white silk, with a magnificent crimson rose in her e hair, and was looking her best, a fact of n which aile was fully aware. Her cousin . Douglas went forward and greeted hler eagerly. Hle had not seent her for two , monthls, asd had now come down to Fair Sbank intending toprosecute hisold claims: t for Mabel, by her treatment of them, had plainly slhown that she cared for none of lher Loedon adorers, and Douglas hoped I that this mnight be because she cared for . himl. He blamed hIimself now for hlaving a' been too lhard upon her, and was prepared y to be very hIumble. It "It seems an ago since I saw you, d Mab," he managed to say in thle moment :s he was beside hler. r " It doesn't to me. But I'm very glad ci to see you, Douglas," Mabel answered, is brightly; and that and the clasp of the hand she gave him made Douglas happy a -for an hour or so. a: Froro Berkeley was the last to makd ri his appearance. He had kept theni all in waiting quite five minutes after dinner was announced, but Frere was used to m keep people waiting. Heo apologised f carelessly to Lady Wycherly. in " I rode over to Thornhill this after- P' noon, and have only just got back," he said. "Rather a wet day for so long a ride," cl remarked Mr. Otway. "Eh ?" iaid Be-keley, with a long, i 'ool stare that caused the impertinent little man's conftidence to suddenly deioert b him, and made him very glad of the bustle It of the move towards the dining-room. w When the women were in the drawing. ci room alone after dinner, Mrs. Elmer went and seated herself by Mabel, and in rather b a hesitating mannler began to talk to her. a Mabel was iiiclined to be cold and re- al pellant at first, but the evident shyness i and nervousness of the other woman soon disarmed her. . ti "This is a delightful house. I have never been hero before," Mrs. Elmer o said. "Oh, do you like the house 1" said tl Mabel. " I do not care for it, it is so of thoroughly modern ; I like an old ramb ling plice better." I " D'you I cannot endure those long, s] dark passages and haunted-looking gal- q lerios ; they make me so nervous," said e Mrs. Elmer, with a slight shiver. g " Why, you turn white only at the thought of them," exclaimed Mabel, laughiilg a little. The other laughed too. "Yes, I know I sot very silly about 6 such things, but I was always such at coward," she said. i hMabel went on talking to her very fi graciously, and all the time she was won- fl dering what Frere Berkeley could have b seen in that nervous and seemingly silly woman to charmn him for so long. Mabel did not doubt but that the old bondage t was now at an end; for had not hand some, insouciant Frere become her own slave 1 She watched anxiously for his appearance in the drawing-room; for she ii had not sat near him at dinner, and had t not spoken to him yet. When he did come in he caught sight of Mabel at once, and came straight across to her. '~iHow good it was of fate to bring me down here just now, Miss Burniston," he observed, in the low tone he always used when addressing women. He had come to a stand behind Mabel, and leant on the back of the sofa on which she and 1Mrs. Elmer were seated, as he spoke. Mabel turned a little and looked up at c him with the coquettish air which had be. come part of her very self, and she an swered saucily- "And why are you so pleased with I fate.this evening, Mr. Berkeley 1" "Because I have the opportunity of I renewing, and 1 hope improving, my ac- t quaintance with Mliss Burniaton," said Frere. "I am sure that is a very small boon E for which to thank fate," laughed Mabel. "1 do not agree with you," he said, softly; and he looked into Mebel's blue eyes, and Mabel blushed as well as smiled. All this time Frere had seoemned quite oblivious of the presence of the lady who still sat beside liss Burnieton. Mabel thought Mrs. Elmer was hurt by this, for I she looked pale and distraite. and soon rose and moved away to another part of the room. Frere came round and dropped into the vacated place. No one knew better how to make him self agreeable to a woman when he liked I than Frere Berkeley, and he liked now, and before the evening was over he had managed to establish an excellent under r standing between himself and MIabel Burniston. Douglas M'Kenzie had been seized upon early in the evening by his host, Sir George, and set down to whist with Mr. Elmer and two stout dowagers who were devoted to the game. Douglas had one of the dowagers for a partner, and at his peril was obliged to attend to his a cards; yet through the back of his head 1 he seemed to see Mabel, and his quick 1 ears caught much of what passed between her and her new friend : and Douglas wondered miserably whether this were I only the beginning of another of bMabel's reckless flirtations, or whether this visit would see the end of his own last chance. Sour-looking, hard-featured MIr. Elmer glanced now and then at the two and t seemed well satisfied. The days passed. Lady Wychorly's guests walked, rode, drove, and some times amused and often bored each other, as people do at all country lhouses. Frroe Berkeley was devoted to Mabel, and Lady Wycbherly, mindful of Iher mother's wishes in the matter, did not interfere, except once, when she had thought it necessary to give one little word of warning. " My dear blab," she had then said, sweetly, "are you engaged to Mr. Berkeley 1" "No, Mary; you know I am not," Mabel had answered. a Then, dear, I don't think it quite the thing for you to be continually walking and driving about with him alone. I don't think mother would approve of it." " Yes she would: Frere Berkeley's s rich, and that is all mother wants in a son-in-law," Mabel answered, with a I sneer that was not pretty. Not noticing the sneer, her sister said: " But why does he not propose in form, if that is how it is to be 1" " Would you have a man propose before he has known a girl a week I" " No; but neither would I have a girl t always walking and driving about alone Swith a man to whom she is not engaged, especially a man bearing the character Frere Berkeley does." " Uncharitable nonsense i" Mabel had angrily cried at that; and so there had been no more said. To Mrs. Elmer Mabel had taken a great fancy,.and was with her al good deal. Frankly acknowledging, as Mabel did, Lilian Elmer's great beauty, the fact increased her own sense of triumph, and she was ready to patroniso Frere's old love, whom he had deserted for her. Then her triumph was such a perfectly legitimate one. For had bshe not Religion, Morality, and Society on her y side, all of whichl were in danger of being outraged till she had come to the rescue 1 d IMr. Thomas Otway, behind his shining spectacles, watched the play, and for ,some time he was puzzled; but he watchod patiently, and after a whlile he made one or two discoveries, and then ppeorrnmed the process known as "putting two and two together," and when he had done that he looted out for some one to whom he could commnunicate the result. (To be Continued.) 