The Haunted Chamber. 1 "An' a sound sleeper. I sleep so soundly, in fact, that tjoose friends, who have struggled in vain?to rob me of my peaceful slumbers, have unfeel ingly remarked that neither the shrill blast of Gabriel's -hoa or the terrific boom of'the'last trumpet would eliot more than a daeepy "hello," and a r?elapse (if possible) into slumber. Of course this is -more or less a libel, but still, I do hate to be awakened too auddenly 'krom that luxury of all luxuries lthe most luxurious, a calm, nealthy, dreamless sleep. Some one has cailled sleep "the twin sister of death:" If death is half so sweet a creature as sleep, I often wonder why mortalsso dread the approach of the scythe-bearer. People with uneasy consciences dread the one as much as the other. To them sleep is a too vivid rehearsal of the past, and death the play itself. To me, although I do by no means claim to be sinless, sleep is "Nature's sweet restorer." Somehow or the other when the drowsy god has once cast his silken net around me, the many sins and troubles of 'lifeo are banished and rest reigns supreme. But, kind reader this is not an essay on sleep, but rather a deduction from the result of being con Ssidered a sound sleeper, and a sort of o?utside relation of the somnolous seven -their lost brother, as it were. Our family is a large one, but as we are all on the most intimate of terms, i :t-cannot be ego:ism upon my part to -?atmte that my reputation as a good sleeper was wide spread-so much so, in fact, that when, after an extended holiday trip to the United States and Canada,I, finding my folks at Brussels, sought refuge at my uncle's country house in Yorkshire, I was remorsely relegated to "the haunted chamber." It was the first week in September, that glorious week when the partridge has just ceased to be protected by law--when setters, pointers, and the ever faithful retrievers feel like school boys out for a holiday, and, under the ..-supervising eyes of their masters, are only toohappy to do their duty. My uncle had some 15,000 acres,of first-rate partridge shooting, and so it was not to be wondered at that on my arrival I found Bigglethorpe Hall crowded with guests of both sexes. Uncle Braithwaite and my father were twin brothers, and I felt just as much at home at his place as I did at any peoples'. Bigglethorpe Ha:l was a queer, rambling old place, built in the time of good Queen Bcss-that time when beauty of architecture was not so much taken into consideration as com fort (as then understood). But, never theless, to moderns it seems a gloomy old red-brick pile. ' TVe shall be obliged to put you in the haunted chamber,' said my aunt Eleanor, after our first greetings were over. "I know you are a sound sleeper, and the rustling train of the ' white lady' will not disturb you." As a lad I had, many and many a time, passed the door of the "haunted chamber" with a nervous shudder. But here I was, grown to man's estate, andratherlooked up to.by my people as a man of travel. How, then, could I do otherwise but say: "Haunted or not haunted, my dear Aunt Eleanor, I thank you for your hospitality." Nevertheless, I lingered for a long time in the billiard-room that night, took at least two more brandies and sodas than was wont. At lengtih the last weary partridge shooter cried off in pool, billiards or pyramids, and I had to keep up my reputation as a worshipper of Somnus by gracefully retiring to the haunted chamber. The room in question was situated upon the first floor, and was the second in a long corridor, which lay to the right of the staircase leading from the entrance hall. It was a spacious apartmeiit, with heavily tapestried walls, and in its midst stood a bed, capable of holding at least four liersons of my size, and hung with heavy curtains which could be closed at willall round the bed. It did not take me long to undress and tumble into the midst of the huge feather bed, but before I did so I took the pre caution to placo a candle and matches on a smnail table clo~e to the bedside, so that, in case I was disturbed in the night, I couldat once leari the cause. "I left myr?:oonm d ?r unlooked;: for I Swas onced in a hojuse which caught aro dund thriough my habit of sound \- sleeping came-very, nonr'hbeig cro .mated:alive. -I tried hadl t;o banish " all thoughts of ghosts. and such t;rash T, orrhi muy-:mind, bit' tir "asi iigightit would reveort to 'the:: subject, aind the : white lady .ihbivnas siupposed to haunt the place, ~iould not be exoricised. At : last my nmind bbgan to wander, an'd I .fell asleol. -How long I slept I can "nobt say, ,but suddenly I woke with a ,start, and felt a soft hand pass gently over mny fape. Surely this cannot be "" ?.adream, I said to myvsolf, as I gently Sraisod my hand and felt all round me. It was, indeed, no dream, for my hand clasped a hand too palpable for dream or ghost. It was a soft, yielding form, but lightly clad, and so soon as my arm encircled it it sank on the bed by my side. At first I must confess that I was frightened, and almost overcome by that strange horror of the supernatural which is natural to mortals. But now that I knew it was indeed flesh and blood my presence of mind returned at once.. I gently dis engaged my right arm and felt for a match. I soon found one, struck it and lit my candle. 'Sure enough, tlhere, lying by side, was one of the loveliest forms that ever charmed an artiet or distracted a lover. It was the lovely Miss L., the then belie of Yorlkslure. To say that I was astonisht?d and bewitched but faintly ' coinveys the thousand emotions which distracted mse. Another turn of the .ead and our eyes met. There was no look of recognition, no shame-faced drooping of those lovely blue eyes I had so often gazed at with almost reverent admiration, but instead a cold, vacant, stony stare. In a moment the truth flashed across my mind. Miss L. was a somnambulist. But what a frightful embarrassing position it was for a young and lovely woman to be in, and how was I to extricato her from it without shock ing her, or even worse, by having her discovered in such a plight. At first I thought I would take her in my arms and carry her to her rooms. But then I reflected that I dil not ]know where she slept, and then Imight wake her, and then the shock of finding herselt in such a position might unhinge her mind. At last an idea struck me. I had heard that sleep walkers, if taken gently by the hand, would lead a per Sson to the place they had come from. I determined to try this plan. If it failed the situation could hardly be much worse than it was then. So I quietly took hold of one of those delicate hands, and gently drew her from the bed in a standing position. dhe at once moved towards the door. I did not stop to take the light, as it could be of no use to a somnambulist, and might attract attention. Slowly my lovely guide led me down the long corridor, to a stairway leading tothe second floor. Here she se- med to hesitate for a few seconds. These seconds were hours of agony fir me. How the stairs seemed to creak ! and how exaggerated was the slightest sound! At last we gained the second floor, when. to my horror, I saw a room door wide open, with a candle burning upon the dressing - table. How I inwardly cursed that burner of midnight oil, and how I framed a thousand and one excuses for Miss L.'s and my own equivocal position. There was no turning now, for she held my hand firmly, and made straight for that open door. Oh joy ! that room was her own. There was a tenantless bed, and there, on a chair, was ,a dress, which I recognised as the one Miss L. had worn that night at dinner. She led me right up to the bed, then let go of my hand and sprang in. I took just one parting glance at her. Then, blowing out the candle, ]shut her door, and felt my way back to her room again. But there was no more sleep for me that night. It was no fear of ghosts, or. white ladies, either, which banished sleep. It was the awakening of a love that had long lain dormant in my breast, and I determined that I would at least give utterance to it. Miss L. that was, is now my wife, but it was not until we had started upon our honeymoon that I told her of her midnight visit to the haunted chamber. Then, thinking back, she blushingly confessed that she had dreamed of me the whole of that eventful night, which has since given us cause io bless the white lady ane the haunted chamber. W. LO.EL EYRIE. San Francisco, september 26, 1885. 