? SXE HENRY PARKES seems to have made a flank movement in connection with, the Soudan expedition, and he is announced to lecture on the " Australian Soldier" for the benefit of a widow of a member of the Contingent. I do not know who Sir Henry will select as an illustration. There are very few soldiers, especially of the class who have smelt powder in a battle, in Australia. It is stated that the only capture the members of the Contingent who smelt fire in the Soudan made was a goat who was too old to scamper off. I have no doubt but that the author of the Kiama ghost story would be able to lecture on any subject under the sun. It matters very little to Sir Henry Parkes whether he is acquainted with his subject or not; his cool effrontery and unblushing audacity are sufficient to pull him through any subject upon which he undertakes to lecture. The following is an obituary tribute paid by an American writer to a departed subscriber:— We drop a tear as we record the demise of poor Billy Muckrow. His genial presence and hearty laugh added a new grace to the most exclusive saloons of the town. We say it without fear of contradiction. Billy was as square as a chessboard. He was no chump. He never killed a man without cause. He never forgot to settle his soore on the slate. He never refused to go ont on a hunt for hoes thieves, nor toante-nphia little pile when he bucked the tiger and lost. And he was a rustler when out with the boys. But his crowning virtue was that just before his death he paid us a three years' subscription in advance for the Howler, and we assure his widow that the paper will be delivered to her in time every week. Stranger, go thou and do likewise. I feel certain that many Australian editors would be willing to pay a similar tribute of respect to their departed subscribers who acted like Billy Muckrow and paid their subscriptions three years in advance. Very many Australian publishers would be willing to pray for the eternal repose of their departed subscribers who, while in the flesh, paid their subscriptions when they received their accounts, to say nothing of three years in advance. The exceptions are not few in which subscribers act on the principle that "Base is the slave who pays." The agent of the British Government at the Vatican, Sir George Errington, ust have felt very uncomfortable in he House of Commons recently, when attention was called to a letter of his to Lord Granville, which fell into the hands f Mr. O'Brien, wherein he states that e " must continue to keep the Vatican n good humour." Sir George will eel more uncomfortable if he should ever attempt to appear before his constituents of Longford, whose trust e has so shamefully abused. The attempt to "nobble" the Vatican, otwithstanding the denial of Mr. Gladstone that Mr. Errington was an authorised agent of the Government, will have the effect of causing the Holy Father in the future to look with suspicion on any representation made to him by the British Government. This episode shows how servile Sir. George Errington was when he submitted to Lord Granville the letter he proposed to write to the Vatican to keep the Pope in good humour. This is another instance of the saying," Out of evil cometh good." Out of the evil of the British Government's attempting to bring pressure on the Pope the Irish people have got Dr. Walsh as Archbishop of Dublin, and the Government has become discredited in the eyes of the Holy Father. Mr. J. E. Redmond was severe on some Australians who wish under Mr. Parnell's patronage to get seats in the House of Commons. Mr. Redmond must know them well. In all probability they were in the colonies during his visit, and gave neither him nor the Irish cause any assistance. "Now, suddenly they manifest a great zeal for their native land, and are anxious to serve her cause in Parliament. The best gauge of their patriotism is to reckon what assistance they gave Mr. Redmond while he was straggling against prejudices in Australia. If they stood quietly by and did not aid him, their newly-found zeal may be looked upon as a desire to attain a social position by becoming a Member of Parliament. I feel confident that Mr. Redmond will not allow any of the " shooneens," by sailing under false colours, to slip into Parliament under Mr. Parnell's patronage. I am certain that Mr. Redmond would only be too happy to assist any Irishman, with the necessary qualifications, who assisted him in Australia, to obtain a seat in the House of Commons, and I feel sure that Mr. Parnell would be delighted to give one or two of the seats at his disposal to out-and-out Irish- Australian Nationalists; but to men of the Henniker-Heaton stamp— who, having no fixed principles, are one day this and next day that—he and his party will give a very wide berth. Mr. Gaunson read a letter in Parliament on Tuesday which betrays the insolence and intolerance of Orangeism. It was a circular from the Grand Master to the Orange Lodges. The document lamented the defeats sustained at the municipal elections in August. The writer of the document expresses regret at the defeat of Brother John Richardson, who occupied a seat in the Creswick Council for the last twenty-five years, and also refers to the election of a Catholic councillor at Ballarat East. If I mistake not, the signer of the Orange manifesto is a brother by birth to ex-Councillor J. Richardson, of Creswick, and that is where the shoe pinches. Perhaps the municipal electors of the borough of Creswick thought that they had had enough of the Richardson family, and that a change was desirable ; a hint that the brothers, the cousins, the sisters, and the aunts of the resigned Executive Councillor of the Fish Creek business would not be tolerated for the future. I suppose it is in accordance with the state of things in Orange Societies that the Grand Master should have a veto on the candidates to be run for Parliament. I wonder will the Grand Master, Mr. R. Richardson, run his pen through Mr. J. B. Patterson's name as a candidate for Castlemaine. Mr. Patterson was about one of the m®st outspoken of the members who denounced Mr. Richardson and his Fish Creek business. I have no doubt but that the Grand Master of the Orange Society would like to help his faction at the forthcoming elections; but, if I mistake not, Mr. Richardson has forfeited any influence he may have had before he was disgraced in being obliged to resign—to escape expulsion—his position as an Executive Councillor. Really this Orange business is such a sorry game that it is a wonder it attracts even a few dullards. A modern Solon come to judgment! This probably was the opinion of Irishmen who read the leading article in the Daily Telegraph on Wednesday on Grattan's Parliament. The writer shows his ignorance of Irish history when he pens such bunkum as the following:— This "independent" Irish Parliament proved itself, however, utterly unable to perform the first function of a Government, the maintenance of order, and it expired in the flames of actual rebellion. Every student of Irish history knows by what infamous means Ireland was deprived of her Parliament—what bribes were given by the British Minister and his accomplices to complete the nefarious transaction. To show what were the results achieved by Grattan's Parliament need only quote the following:— The British Minister, Pitt, in a speech on the Union, in the English Parliament, in 1799, referring to the state of trade as between Great Britain and Ireland, stated that the exports of the latter to England amounted to more than three millions value as regarded linen, and between two and three millions more as regarded provisions and •rattle. The linen trade of Ireland, said Mr. Forster in his remarkable speech in the Irish House against the Union, in April, 1799, had arisen in the years between 1700 and 1796 by eighty-eight times in quantity and a hundred and thirty-seven times in value. In 1760 the gross revenue raised in Ireland amounted to £667,311 ; in 1790, eight years after the Irish Parliament had shaken off the English incubus, it had risen to £1,633,292, or nearly three times the amount; while in 1799 it ran to £2,692,573. Forty years after the Union there was no appreciable increase in it, taking into account the ratio of the increase of taxation. In a pamphlet whioh Mr. (afterwards Judge) Jebb published in 179S he declared that in fifteen years our agriculture, our commerce, and our manufactures had swelled to an amount that the most sanguine friends of Ireland would not have dared to prognosticate. The Daily Telegraph further adds :— On thewholp, it is ascertain as anything ill history that "Grattan's Parliament," if it sat in Ireland to-morrow, would, in six months, wreok the Empire. It would not last for six months, however ; it would perish in six weeks, killed by the mere disgtiBt of Ireland itself If Grattan's Parliament, however, would not satisfy the Ireland of to-day, it certainly would prove incompatible with tho unity and safety of the Empire generally. O'Connell gave some of the best years of his life fighting for Repeal of the Union, but had he the wisdom of the Telegraph he must have known that he was a tool for his pains. The leading Irishmen from his day down to Parnell's have struggled for the same object, and they also must be dolts. Parnell and his party are still valiantly waging the repeal war, and have achieved decided successes; yet our nineteenth century editor, from his snug office in Collins-street, says that all their labours have been in vain, and that they have wasted their energy in attempting to gain an object which, when got, would not satisfy the Irish people. The profound wisdom of that observation could not fail to penetrate the brain of the craziest subject of the Yarra Bend Asylum. Of late the so- called woman question —as the matter of women taking part in politics has been termed—is being discussed. A lady friend of mine, who considers that her greatest right as well as her greatest privilege is to attend to her household duties, says that the most constant woman question is, " Isn't this a nice time to come home, sir?" Her husband did not seem pleased at being thus put away. One occasionally hears a good thing in the law courts. The other day, in the Supreme Court, an excellent definition of a dude was given. One of the witnesses said, in giving his testimony, that the defendant thought all the girls were " mashed " on him. " He's a sort of a dude, then P" queried the examining lawyer. " No, sir," was the reply; " a dude is a fellow who is mashed on himself." The aptness of the definition was at once apparent, and loud laughter was the result. Children's questions are sometimes decided puzzlers to answer, as most parents know. Occasionally, too, their criticism is keen, although not meant to be so. A Melbourne man who paints a little, and, therefore, considers himself an artist, was recently on a visit to the country, and was showing the children one of his works—a picture of a lion; andhesaid to the little boy: " Don't be afraid, little boy, the lion won't hurt you. He is not alive." "Oh, I'm not afraid," replied the little boy; " he don't look as if he was alive." Rather rough, wasn't it ? TAPLEY. IT has been definitely fixed that the general election in England shall take place on the 7th November next, and that Parliament will be dissolved on the first of that month. THE last census of the Jewish population in Italy gave the Hebrew community in Rome at 6200 members; they number throughout Italy 36,298, in a population of 28,459,628. IN Dublin a young lady who has been engaged twenty- two years, and in that period refused several offers, has been awarded .£100 for breach of promise. VICTORIA is not the only place where there, are unaccountable inequalities in sentences. Lately a man was sentenced to penal servitude for life at the Madras Criminal Sessions for stealing two rupeeB. On the following day (as we learn from the Bombay Catholic Examiner) another man, who was convicted of forging a cheque for 3500 rupees, was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment. The first-mentioned prisoner was, it is true, an old offender, but there must be something radically wrong with the law that allows such disproportionate sentences to be awarded. USE American Oo.'s Hop Bitters once, and you will use no other medicine. Test it Take no other. Be sure and read. THH public health ia endangered by persona who vend counterfeits of WOWK'S SCHNAPPS. 