THE MAGAZINES FOR JULY. -4 The more ambitious" magazines" and reviews are certainly serious enough this month, but they are serious without being weighty. Moreover, the articles lack general interest; they are too much addressed to specialists. This is particularly the case with the Fortnightly Review, which is woefully dull. Its best paper is the first one, which is' entitled " Local Government and Ireland." The contribution is unsigned, but it probably contains the programme of Mr. Chamberlain and Sir Charles Dilke, if it is not written by one of these statesmen. The indictment of "The Castle is very powerful, and most people will be surprised to learn what little voice the Irish, as compared with the English, Scotch and Welsh, have in the management of their local affairs. The gist of the writer's conclusion is that all legislation, not of an Imperial character, should be left to National Councils. This, in fact, would give to Ireland a large measure of Home Rule. M. Henry Coward, in an article on Victor Hugo, complains" bitterly that the poet would not allow the savants to make a post-mortem examination-" of his brains because he thinks that from it might have been discovered " verse by verse, and cell by coU," something of the secret mechanism of thought" He regards Victor' Hugo as a word juggler, and by no means as a man of light and leading for his own generation. In " Two Days in Brixworth Union," Lord Stanley endeavours to' show that the squire is the labourer's truest friend. He does not, however, explain why the' squires are just now so terribly frightened of the labourers. A paper on " Roman Life and Character " is good throughout, and the remarks on the old Roman aristocracy _ are especially interesting. "A joke or a job " is a mere criticism of a recent appointment at Oxford. The writer of "The Radical Programme" has come at last to the question of taxation, and plainly does not quite know what to say. He prefers direct taxes, be cause they would disgust the people with war, but acknowledges that it is impossible to do without in- direct taxation. The Contemporary is a far more readable periodical. Mr. Goldwin Smith once more airs his views on Ireland. His recommendation iii, briefly, to let the Irish people know that we " will have none of their nonsense." ''Victor Hugo" is undertaken by Mrs. Oliphant, who reviews his works sympathetically, and pronounces him to have been "the greatest man of genius of this century." Principal Fairbairn comes down ponderously on the Scarlet Lady in his paper oil " Catholicism and Historical Criticism, and yet, if i one may be allowed to hint such a thing, does not in the least seem to understand the Catholic position ; but. perhaps, that is asking too much of d Scotchman. Lord Harris's article on " Cricket" will be widely read, but he has not much to say. His main point is that amateurs are not working so hard as they used to do, and that professionals are getting the upper hand again. Mr. Fraser's paper on "The Primitive I Ghost" is absorbingly interesting. He has collected a vast number of the most curious facts imaginable. The Nineteenth Century, like the Fortnightly, is exceedingly dull. Perhaps its most notable article is one by Professor Ray Lankester, on recent discoveries in biological science. He gives great prominence to Mr. Caldwell's investigations into the embryology of the ornithorhynchus, or duck mole. He wants more and more " endowment of research ;" in fact, Professor Ray Lankester is never tired of that theme, but he does not remove certain apprehensions that such endowments generally result in robbery. "The Work of Victor Hugo," by Mr. Swinburne, will, of course, be read by everybody. It is a review of Victor Hugo's work in the Swin'burnian style. The best of the other papers are " A Swain of Arcady," by Dr. Jessop and Archdeacon Farrar's " Drink : a reply to Lord Bramwell," though it must be said that the Archdeacon never even touches upon the real gist of his opponent's argument. Mrs. Henry Wood never by any chance writes a brilliant sentence, stumbles on a happy collection of words, pointe a sharp dart of satire, or supplies one touch of humour. 'Her characters are all wooden figures labelled with this or that virtue or vice, according to the exigencies of the story. She takes a good plot, and adds such small trivialities of detail about dress, wash- ing, shopping, going to church, furniture, and roast mutton for dinner, as give an air of vraisemblance to her narrative. And yet her stories are always interesting, perhaps because there is absolutely nothing to dis- tract one's attention from the weaving of the plot " The mystery of Allan Grace " in the Argosy is a good specimen of her work. You are rather angry that such writing should interest you; but you are obliged to confess that it does. A paper " On the Supernatural," from which we learn that ghosts, or, as the writer prefers to call them, supernatural agencies," are given to snoring; a tale about amurderor'shead, which escapes from the newspaper in which a doctor is carrying it, and rolls into a sitting-room, and other short Stories, make up a number which is ghastly enough for any- body. Lack of incident and lack of war are not two wants which one often feels in Mr. James Payn's work but his "Lucie of the Darrells," in Good Words, is just now Suffering from both causes. A new serial called Andrew Gordon, by Mr. R. D. Norton, promises well. In " Transatlantic Con- trasts " the Rev. J. G. Wood pleasantly brings together a number of little facts about American travel and hotel life. Dr. Lyon Playfair has nothing new to say about " The Disposal of the Dead," but every fresh assault on the wretchedly wrong system now in vogue is valuable. Df. Playfair advocates cremation and " earth to earth " burial as alternative processes. Mary Howitt's " Reminiscences " are garrulous, but full of interest. Articles on " The West Sounds of New Zealand," on " Prince Bismarck, on " The Land of the Crook- Meg," and on a. The Last of the Old Highland Chiefs" (Cluny Macpherson), with some indifferent poetry, and the usual " preachmont" at the end, make up a number of average merit The English Illustrated Magazine contains Mr. Henry Irving's address "On the Art of Acting," delivered to the students of Harvard University. He considers that by very hard work an actor may at the end of 20 years be able to act The paper abounds with interesting remarks on pronunciation, gesture, and by-play, and the whole of it is well worth reading. The " Pilgrimage of the Thornes " is a charming account of a boating excursion. " In the Lion's Den " is a rather disgusting Story of a young gentleman, who falls in love with a circus girl, who saves his life from a lion by the loss of her own. Mr. Walter Crane con- tributes his strange poem, illustrated after the manner of Blake. " A Family Affair " makes one regret more than ever the loss of Mr. Hugh Conway. It is certainly his best story. In Temple Bar a writer, whom one has no difficulty in identifying with a celebrated London physician, follows his paper on Adelina Patti with another on Christine Nilsson. It will be news to most people that the reason Madame Nilsson has virtually retired from Italian opera is that she insists on having the same salary as Madame Patti. She does not " draw " as well, and hence managers cannot afford to employ her. The most charming part of this paper is that which tells of Christine Nilsson first public performances. When she was a tiny little girl she took her brother's fiddle, and, bare-legged and bare-footed, went to a Swedish fair. Her first performance brought her in threepence half-penny and her second, sixpence. She was so frightened by the magnitude of this sum that she ran home as last as she could, get anyone should rob her. Mrs. Riddell has evidently studied hard to get local colouring for her east-end story of "Mite Court." The result is that her characters seem rather "made-up" in the theatrical sense-than naturally developed out of the writer's imagination. The story is, however, very readable, which is more than can be said for Mrs. Edwardes's "Girton Girl," in which the interest Bags from want of incident, and from over analysis of motive-the latter a besetting sin of female novelists. "The English Aristophanes" is an article on Foote the actor, and is full of good jokes and pleasant anecdotes. " The Imputation of Mdlle. Claude " is a horrible story of a duel fought by a woman. Why do magazine writers always become particularly blood-curdling at this pleasant time of the year? The remaining papers one on the everlasting subject of " Lord Beaconsfield "-are all fairly good. ° Not a single salmon has been caught in the present instalment of " White Heather " (Longman's Magazine), a fact which we hardly know whether to mourn over or whether to congratulate ourselves on. Mr Black is employing his old artifice of contrasting finely and malodorous towns with the bright and sweet mountains. He has brought his young gamekeeper to Glasgow, and what he will do with him there is not yet quite evident It may, however, be feared that he intends another of his sad and fraKical endings. Mr Grant Allen contributes one of' his o cellers anthropoid logical articles, called "The First Potter." He adopts Dr. Taylor's view, that pottery had its origin in a cala- bash smeared with puddled' clay. The primitive savage had been accustomed to puddle clay so as to make a basin in the ground : " But at last one day that inspired barbarian, the first power, hit by accident upon his grand discovery. He had carried some water in a Dig calabash-the" hard shell of a tropical fruit whose pulpy centre can be easily scooped out-and a happy thought suddenly struck him Why not put the calabash to boil upon the fire, with a little clay smeared outside it? The savage is conservative, but he loves to save trouble. He tried the experiment, and it succeeded admirably ; the water boiled, and the calabash was not burned or broken. Our nameless philosopher took the primitive vessel off the fire with a forked branch, and looked at it critically with the delighted eyes of a first inventor. A wonderful change had suddenly come over it. He had blundered accidentally upon the art of pottery." " Love and Learning " is a most laughable skit on scientific pedants. A poor falls in love with Hypatia Green, professor of Rational . benefaction "-is., cookery, in the high school of an ardently scientific town, called Noesis. HOW he converts her, and she him, the reader must discover for himself. Mr. K. L. Stephenson continues his queer romance of " Prince Otto." The Cornhill contains perhaps the best fiction of the month. " Court Royal " is full of most exciting incident, and is, what one so seldom gets nowadays, a genuine story, though there is plenty of good character painting besides. Nearly the same may be said for Mr. D. Christie Murray's " Rainbow Gold," which, moreover, has the rare quality of humour added. A short story, called " Mysterious Mrs. Wilkinson, is very amusing, and the padding, particularly a paper called a " Chinese Ascot," is quite up to the Cornhill" standard. There is much curious information, of the South Kensington Museum sort, in " Social Life in the Colonies'," which appears in the Century Magazine. It should be explained to those not conversant with Americanisms that the Colonies" mean the United States before their separation from England. The subject of the usual topographical paper is " George Eliot's country," which contains much interesting information. The two serials by W. D. Howells and Henry James care continued, and there are the usual papers on the Civil War. Mr. Joseph Hatton contributes some notes on the life and death of his son Frank Hatton, the most successful explorer of Borneo. This number of the Century, both as regards its literary matter and its illustrations, is below the average. Harper's is far better. The illustrations to a poem called " Midsummer on Mount Desert" are exceedingly beautiful. " The Mahometans in India," " A Day's Drive with Mountain Cowboys," " The City of Buffalo, and '* Ampersand," are all good articles, and all well illustrated. The two short stories, however, called " His Royal Highness's Love Affair," and " Aunt Powell's Will," are weak and silly. Every yachtsman will read with the greatest interest " The Story of the America." This celebrated yacht first astonished the yachting world in 1851, and it will be a surprise to most people to learn that her present owner is ready to sail her against any other yacht in the world. The art of writing short stories all editors complain, is nearly gone out Certainly, the few who possess it have not contributed to the holiday numbers which are now coming out in profusion. For the sea-side or the parlour of a fishing inn one would like something pleasant, genial, and if possible funny. But the object of most of the writers seems to be the production of shud- ders. The summer number of All the Year Round sins least in that way, but even there the first story is a terribly sad one of a gentle little boy who die of hunger and fatigue. The other stories are bright, cheerful, and readable. It must also in justice be said that " Bright Days," the holiday number of Cassell's Magazine, does not belie its title, and, besides several tolerably good stories, gives us some interesting short articles on subjects likely to be attractive to holiday makers. The summer number of the Argosy contains" two gruesome stories, one of murder and suicide by a eouA'ict, and another of arsenic poisoning and hereditary madness. Mrs. Henry Wood also contributes a story which is not a favourable specimen of her talents. The holiday number of London Society is either rubbish or " padding." Harper's Young People is charmingly illustrated, and full of articles and stories which will interest both old and young. The Americans seem to have learnt the art of writing for children as they certainly have that of drawing for children. 