THROUGH TASMANIA, No. 93 [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.] By the courtesy of a Hobart gentleman who has sent me several esteemed mems, conveying information, hints or corrections, I am able to set the orthography of the erroneously named river Kermandie right. It is supposed to be called after the captain of the French discovery ship Recherche, but I will give the mem. "The authority for the journal of the ships Esperance and Recherche is Jean Julien Houton Labellardiere, the historian of the expedition, who accompanied it. The commandant was Bruny D'Entrecasteaux, and his assistant (Capitaine), in charge of the Recherche was Huon Kermadec." The river therefore is neither Kermandie, Kermandee, nor Kermandec; but Kermadec. I particularly request Messieurs Blair and Fenton, and the Lands and Works department to make a note of the Capitaine's genuine name, the former as historians, and the latter to purge a senseless alias or corruption from all future charts. A man only lives one life down below here, and if, like the gallant seaman under notice, he devotes it to discovery, and places or rivers are named after him, it is a duty to keep the name free from adulteration. As well hand down Columbus, Cook, or Tasman, by the name of Smith, as set a leaven of corruption in Kermadec to go on through the ages, till it becomes Kennedy or Maddox. In my notes on Waterloo I omitted to mention that Mr. Bird, in one orchard, has adopted an innovation in planting the trees which has much to recommend it. Instead of placing them in rows, with 18ft. avenues between every tree (but those of the outside rows) is the centre of a diamond of nine, 23ft. apart from each other. They do not crowd and shade the sun off their neighbours so much as by the closer method of placing, and the plough and scarifier may work close up in any of the directions of the eight open avenues. I like the plan much. The American Agriculturist furnished it, and, where land is of no moment and crops are grown between the trees, taken all round, it is a good one. Port Esperance is very much of a blue ribbon neighbourhood. You see the cerulean badge on male and female at church, at school, and distinguishing many of the hard-favoured and hard-working lumbermen and mill hands. The stocks of Coventry sarsenet in this colour are still quoted at par in the local stores, however, and lovers of John Barleycorn, usquebaugh, and three- star, are to be found. A dray-load of these, or rather a box cart full, made a hilarious freight during the week. They had been to Dover to discuss then political horizon and sound below the froth, which latter operation, frequently repeated, somehow produced an eccentric action in the flexors and extensors of their nether limbs, entailing the subsidising of the aforesaid cart. It was sans deck, or, perhaps, flooring would be the correct term, therefore one was laid of loose boards and slabs, a strong horse harnessed in, passengers got aboard somehow, the driver, mounted postillion-wise, and a start made down the rocky hillside road toward the main one. The insides lay heads and points anyhow, with nothing between them and the boards, therefore as the horse moved off rapidly their bodies in a proportionate sense responded to the oscillations and frantic jilts of the rigidly springless vehicle like to peas on a drum head under a tattoo. They were continually and vehemently mixed, under which infliction the vocal sounds from them were a medley of jocund profanity and "houghs," very broken English indeed. Their endeavours to articulate could not be classed in the order of disjointed sentences, for every syllable was hopelessly ruptured past the possibility of jointing; yet, as I saw them half an hour after at a point of the road, the last point of it where road reaches its amen and slough begins, they were happy. During a halt here comparative composure and selection enabled each to appropriate his own limbs and the square face and bottled Cornwall, of which there was ample store, temporarily adjusted the equilibrium and averted the common danger consequent on the merciless banging about from the postillion, horse, and first experience of the road. The halt was prolonged sufficiently for the unanimous verdict to be arrived at that everybody was a j'ly g'r f'ler, and they were carted home to Raminea in safety. The resident minister, Rev. A. Rivett, thinks there is no chance from a blue ribbon point of view with those old stagers, and that temperance work should be almost exclusively devoted to the young. There is an item which seems to have escaped most temperance orators as regards our phase of the use of licensed inns. Of course it is claimed they are a standing temptation. Granted; but were inns abolished in the present state of our community, it is safe to assert, many who have acquired the taste for liquor, dipsomaniacs, would purchase stocks, and in their own homes drink to death. The licensed hotel- keeper, for his own sake, must limit such, and as the custodian of intoxicants, under pollce supervision, even though a man without scruple, a very rare case, dare not do otherwise. This is merely one way of looking at the question, perhaps an original one, bearing only on the class named, and for which the tenet holds there is no hope, I had almost said it ranges over a scope between the footsteps of the throne and the gutter, and embraces thousands of men and women who in all other respects are as near human perfection as their more fortunate brothers and sisters differently constituted. Therefore, and as the vast majority are of the middle and working classes, the licensed inn is a safeguard. Knowing the trouble of their case, and the shame of it, they keep no liquor in the home, and hide the failing as far as may be from friends and family, the children especially. Under a different state of things even this leaning to virtue would vanish, and the appetite be but strengthened by the difficulty of satiating it. Some will pronounce this specious; others hard fact. Hastings is 11 miles from Esperance. After passing Raminea the road formation continues some three miles, but it is useless for traffic till it is founded and metalled, for which there is any quantity of the right stone all along. The footman or horse at each step bottoms on the solid at any depth below a mud surface between the limits of a few inches and one or two feet. Much of the adjacent land is of splendid character for fruit and dairy farms, and when communication ia established will be so utilised I have no doubt. Numerous and copious streamlets intersect it, by one of which the postman, my guide, informed me that a bushranger was shot some years ago. This tragic affair, on enquiry, I found to have been the shooting of a boy prisoner, unarmed, who had escaped from Southport. A constable was the murderer, and no doubt was promoted for the heroic act. He ought to have been hung. The greatest distance of this good land from water carriage is four miles, Raminea one way, Hastings the other. At the eighth mile from Dover, much to the relief of man and horse, the Hastings mill tram is reached, whence all is plain sailing. Hastings, a township of about 250 inhabitants, owes its being to the splendid belt of timber at the head of, and surrounding the shores of a lagoon or bayon, connected by a narrow and tortuous gut with the deep inlet forming Southport harbour, and to the sawmilling enterprise primarily inaugurated here 16 years since by Messrs. Hay, (secundus) and Chesterman, afterwards carried on by Messrs. Facy, Hay and Co., and now by Mr. John Hay (tertius). The mill property, including the township, 16 acres, embraces 1,500 acres or thereabout of forest, penetrated in various directions by 25 miles of tramways, constantly being added to. Besides the wharfage by the mill Mr. Hay owns a stout steep water pier with 25ft. alongside, l.w.s. on the south side of Southport, opposite Pelican or "Dead" Island, where the largest ships may lay secure from all winds. It is a the centre of a bight, safe as a dock. The rise and fall is 4ft. 6in. on springs. Southport bar has but 2ft. 6in. on it at low water, and strikes from a point at the N.W. of the entrance of the gut, or Narrows, as the passage is locally dubbed, toward Pelican Island, half-a-mile distant, E. 15 deg. S. There is deep water round the island, but it is usual to take the bar passage from the north side. The lagoon from the other limit of the Narrows extends two miles in a N.W. direction, tongue shaped, varying from half-a-mile wide to nil at the tip. An area of one-third its size and similar shape is projected from the Narrows S.W.-wards, and from this again an estuary, at the mouth of the Lime River strikes about W. 34 deg. N. There is some talk of deepening the Southport bar - a work of no great difficulty or cost, merely a dredging affair, with provision for retaining the silt. Several thousand tons of stone formed break-water-wise on the line of the spit would limit the bar channel, and under strong freshes of winter and spring cause a scour. The water traffic, now by this impediment to navigation confined to vessels of 6ft. draft, may be quoted at ten vessels per week each way. In 18 days of December last the Hastings mill sent away 18 vessels with an average of over 17,000ft. each of sawn timber. The average cut weekly in normal times ¡s 60,000 ft., ranging between 55 and 80,000 ft., employing three or four barges per week to carry it away, though the output of December is not particularly exceptional, Mr. Edmund Tyler has a nice little mill, up to 20,000 ft. per week at Wheelbarrow Bay, the S.W. arm of the lagoon. This employs one vessel per week, and there are also craft constantly going with logs for the mills of Messrs. Risby and Cheverton at Hobart. There are about a dozen families at Wheelbarrow Bay. By the way, now the education question is so prominent I will transcribe a letter address that came under notice a few days ago. "Mr. D. Ritchie, Mr. Tiler's Mill, Weel-barrow Bay, via Hastings." The writing was legible, easily so, bold and angular, evidently that of a hard handed female. I see some occasionally that would puzzle a dead-letter expert. The postmasters experience difficulty in ascertaining who they are for, but this is as nothing beside that of the unfortunate addressee who has to read the inside. The Hastings mill is supplied with power by two 16 h.p. engines, and is a large establishment, the largest sawmill I believe in Tasmania. Fifty-two men are on the books, engaged directly at timber getting and sawing, and the various trades connected with the work. Exclusive of this number, there are always one, two, or three gangs of contractors extending trams or making branches. Many of the cottages of the work-people are of superior order, and have gardens which those with a taste for the work, have time to attend each Saturday afternoon, which is a half-holiday. The working week is, as in England, 58½ hours. About 20 horses are employed on the tramways, and several teams of bullocks hauling logs to them. There ¡s an Independent Chapel built as a memorial of the late Mrs. John Hay (Secundus), a public hall, used also as a school under the education department, and post and telegraph offices. Besides the mill and timber people, there are about ten small freeholders scattered within a mile of the township, who grow fruit and other produce, work at contracts, etc. The school for some time has been empty, through the resignation of the late teacher, but there are hopes of a speedy appointment. Two sawmills have lately been established at Recherche, the southernmost inhabited part of Tasmania. The good people there obtained the advantage of being connected with the rest of the world by wire, through the recent attack of Russophobia. It continues to Flagstaff Hill near South Cape. The forest land about Hastings is hilly, a succession of ridges and gullies, the beds of numerous creeks, almost hidden by the luxuriant vegetation of the deep rich soil. This is apparently a mixture of basalt, greenstone, sandstone, and vegetable matter overlaying clay and sandstone, and in the few spots cultivated is singularly fertile, but owing to the general steepness adapted for fruit, roots and dairying only. It will probably be many years ere much is done in this way, the country as remarked by Mr. John Hay (Secundus) requiring reaping of its natural crop by the timber pioneers first, yet I think an energetic farmer or two ought to make a good living by supplying milk, butter, fruit, and vegetables to over two hundred and fifty people, and the fodder for twenty odd horses and couple of dozen bullocks. On the mill property are several sections in various stages of clearing, and by Mr. Hay's house an orchard. All tend to prove the soil fertile, and should stimulate to further effort in the direction of tillage. German or Scotch settlers would be a blessing to the place, and it in turn to them. With the exceptions of mutton and flour, Hastings might well be self-supporting. About five tons of small fruit was the produce of last year. The principal timber is blue gum and stringy bark; there is also plenty of musk, sassafras, dogwood, forest ti-tree (leptospernum lanigerum), myrtle, celery-top pine, and lightwood. None but the two first named are cut to any extent, though the day must come when myrtle, sassafras, musk, etc. will be eagerly sought for, the trades both here, across the Straits, in England, India, and elsewhere either having no knowledge of their utility for many economic purposes, or not having put that knowledge into effect. As to myrtle (fagus cunninghami), it is one of the most durable woods in the world, and under traffic possibly has no equal. For example, in the N. E. tin country there are corduroy roads of the lighter limbs and saplings of this species of timber which have been under horse traffic for over 10 years. Laying on the wet earth, the under parts show no signs of decay, and the upper no appreciable wear. On several claims there are flumes and trestles, sluice boxes, barrows, etc., which, after years, are still perfectly sound, and the floors of miners' houses similarly appear imperishable. I mention the Full Moon, Kent, and Albert tin sections on, and near, the Blue Tier. I have seen furniture of the knotted parts really beautiful. The V.D.L Co 's office at Emu Bay has fittings of it. For fittings, floors, and furniture it has few equals. Sassafras, when seasoned, much resembles box in colour and hardness though is not as dense and heavy. It is acknowledged to be excellent for all kinds of inside work, boxes, kitchen furniture, etc. It is equally good for frame works of buildings as proven by that of Mr. Shaw's mill near Ulverstone. After about 10 years the mill frame exhibits no sign of decay, but on the contrary has hardened and appears imperishable. I have by me a cut off a flitch of this handsome wood obtained in the bush close by. It is from the butt near where diving spurs branched off. Birdseye, maple, satinwood, Hungarian ash, the beauties of each combined. A strip of dogwood, which grows to 10in. and a foot in diameter, quite big enough for many kinds of furniture, mouldings, etc., is also by. Its colour is bright canary and grain, beautiful regular waves and watermark. The glossy surface seems that of liquid amber disturbed by a gentle breeze, and longitudinal current waves together. This wood is lasting as the cedar of Lebanon, or teak (Saquan) of Malabar. In the north-west I remember traversing a block on the lines of the late Mr. Surveyor Hellyer, who died about 1828 or 9. His marks were dogwood sticks and saplings, sound to this day, though cut near 60 years ago, and exposed in the humid bush since. We know all about the beauty and durability of musk, but make little use of the knowledge. English, American, and Austrian furniture embellishes the rooms in seven houses of 10. The auctioneers from time to time advertise suites of imported goods of this class, and the idea strikes me that we might with considerable advantage, export furniture of our manufacture, if we are ashamed to use it, and provided we have among us men with the forethought to get in stocks to season and skill to make it. I remember that in New York some years ago nothing of home manufacture in fabrics, got up millinery, or boots and shoes would fit the fair sex - all must be Parisian - no matter how flimsy, so long as it was Parisian. Well, the Press took it up, calico balls were got up, muslin balls, gingham balls, stuff balls, homespun balls, and it was found the American looms, print works, calendering works, and millinery mills generally were able to decorate the female human form divine quite as well as those in Paris - not that I suppose any of the Parisian webs ever saw that city. Will some of our cabinet- makers take a hint, get up suites of furniture in scrumptious style of a selection from the many native woods (not being Huon pine which the people know) and import them to the order of the nearest auctioneer. It will be a vvhole flight of steps, and top landing thrown in, on the ascent to fortune. Call them English or Melbourne and they will sell, which by the way is all you need care about, and will escape trouble consequent on gaping joints or bad legs and wings. Within the hour a workman's wife here came and ordered an iron bedstead which is to cost £2 or more. This at a saw-mill, where timber of any shape or size can be had for asking, and which any man could in a few hours' leisure, fashion into a bedstead good enough for a prince and princess of the blood royal. I was glad to see letters advocating technical education; might not a little practical education be mixed with it? In how many schools are girls taught to cut the simplest garment, sew fit for sour apples, knit a guernsey or pair of stockings, or do any one of the hundred useful services to fit them for their future lot as helpmeets to man? They will help to eat his meat, and fill the house with young ones to supplement their efforts in this line, but taken in the gross how many wives and daughters have been taught to make and mend even the work-a-day clothing of the household. It may be said to be a mother's duty to teach these; but many mothers don't know the rudiments of the duties, not having themselves been taught. In the gross I fear we are a thrift-less people, more especially in the classes where, if anywhere, thrift is an absolute condition of possible decency and freedom from debt. I do not wish to be personal but I know a section where out of 30 or 40 working men's wives, there are not five can or, if they can, will, make a day frock, for themselves, ring a single change in the cuisine out of the stereotyped boil, bake, stew or fry, who have no knowledge of the principles governing even those simple operations and as to making a decent paste, cake, trifle doughnut or soup, or laying a table, are as innocent as the aboriginal gins, who, half a century ago, stalked the trail through these forests. By all means give us technical and practical educatlon, award the plums in the State's gift to the lads and lasses who do well mentally - plus fitting themselves to become good non-professional citizen. The Tasmanian taxpayer meets a high premium in the honours, scholarships, etc., annually awarded to the winners; but unless he is a fool he must see that the recipients, in the proportion of 50 to 1, are of the classes in which parents, by their very ability to meet the cost of educating their sons and daughters in the higher schools, are proven to need no State assistance in satiating their ambition for their offspring. If the moiety of general revenue thus expended were subscribed wholly by the classes who reap the benefit of it, there would be no cause of complaint; but it is not so, as those who have no show in preparing for the race contribute a quota from which there is no possible advantage to them. "Unto him that hath (much) shall be given; but unto him that hath (little) shall be taken away, even that he hath." Two and a half miles from Hastings, near one of the lines of tram, 255ft. above sea level, in a hill side, there is an outcrop of good coal. The seam dips into the hill about one in fifteen, and has an underlay shaft, sunk some 20ft. or so, where appearances indicate the continuation to incline less from the plane. It is 4ft. 6in. to 5ft. in thickness, between a sandstone roof, or headwall, and fireclay floor or footwall, which has been pierced 7ft. The seam is divided by a dig of clay about 1ft. 6in. from and parallel with the roof. These Tasmanian coals seem a compound of anthiracite and bituminous, intersecting layers of the latter being found throughout, varying from a mere thread to several inches thick. The Killymoon and Mount Malcolm seams for example. The Hastings deposit resembles that of the former in appearance, though I think it burns with more flame. The Government Analyst gives the following result of an analysis:- Fixed carbon, 58.0; ash, 8.7; volatile gases, 30.8; water, 2.5 =100 parts. He remarks:- "The coal is equal, if not superior, to any Tasmanian coal with which I am acquainted; is well adapted for household purposes, and not unsuitable for steam. A portion of powdered coal gave off much gas, that burned with a smoky flame, but left no true coke." The sample forwarded Mr. Ward was picked up promiscuously from the heap which for the last four years has lain exposed to the air and rain, and may have been from anywhere between the outcrop and bottom of the shaft. I took some pieces, one corresponding with the part between the head wall and dig, and another with the lower part. The upper is more intersected by bituminous veins and breaks in cubes, while the lower has a conchoidal fracture, and seems a compound of anthracite and cannel. Both burn well, with yellow smoky flame and intumesce, while from the bubbles jets of brilliantly flaming gas radiate. Without draught, in the open, it burns slowly with intense heat, and consumes thoroughly to an ash, and in a furnace or forge does not clinker, but, of course, burns fiercely. It has more heat than average Newcastle coal, and lasts much longer. This was proved at the forge, when several jobs of ironwork were performed with it, to the entire satisfaction of the smith. I tested it for gas in an ordinary clay pipe, and found the quantity a cutty bowl would contain to burn with a good flame for over five minutes, and to leave a true core of coke. Mr. Ward's sample must have been a poor one. Mine was averaged. This deposit is of much national importance, there is not the ghost of a doubt as to its being a valuable steam coal with proper furnaces. A permanent iron road to the mine from the present wharfage can be made for £2,800 to £3,000, with a uniform grade of 1 in 80 for two and a quarter miles, and no curves sharper than 10 chains radius on the whole distance by cutting the seam half to three quarters of a mile north of the present shaft where it again crops out. Mr. Hay has in this a splendid supplementary possession to his already big timber estate and manipulating plant, and I think I may promise the coal consumers of Hobart a first-class fuel within the next 12 months at £1 per ton at the wharf. Vessels up to 80 tons can load at the Hastings pier on a 6ft. draught; but if, as there is every probability, the trade opens out light draught steam barges will be built for this, and the timber business which will carry two or three hundred tons on the same draugh., An extension of the line three miles to Southport, and wharf there, will allow of vessels of the largest size loading. I have not the analyses by me of other Tasmanian coal, but people conversant with this fuel may estimate the value of this by the result of that quoted above. Last year's out-turn of timber from this mill was about 3,000,000ft., valued on the spot at £7,500. There is no inn on the property, or nearer than Southport, three miles away, and it appears there is no need of one, the proprietor entertaining business people calling this way, and also visitors. Sometimes he has a houseful, and always some non-resident pairs of hands wielding the knife and fork at his hospitable table. Just at the head of the lagoon by the mill, where a creek or two empty, the mud flats at low water somewhat mar the beauty of this otherwise picturesque salt water lake. It abounds with fish, particularly eels, which are so common as to be but seldom troubled. In the mouth of the Lune grand bream fishing is had during the earlier months of the year, both with rod and line and net. As many as 90 dozen have been taken in one haul of a 50-fathom net. There are also natural oyster beds, which have been over-dredged in timo past and are now closed to replenish. The mountain scenery at this winter season is Alpine at the higher altitudes, Mount La Perouse, in the west, shows a snowy summit far above lofty intervening hills, whose dark, wooded steeps but make the white cap more dazzlingly so. Adamson's Peak, too, 40 deg. north, in like manner fills the background in that quarter, and has quito a different contour to that presented when seen from the direction of Esperance. Looked at thence it is a pyramid, or more properly there are two, called, why, nobody knows, the Calf and the Cow. In this aspect it is a huge bleached cauliflower-shaped clump of rocks. The hill shore reflections on the lagoon when the water is still are superbly grand, a panorama of fairyland. Mr. Hay and a few friends scaled Adamson's Peak a few years ago. He tells of a giant stringy-bark tree growing from an inaccessible chasm (for timber getting) of the lower foothills. The bole 40ft. above the spurs is estimated to be 20ft. in diameter, and thus with but little taper continues to a height of 100ft., whence it divides into five superior limbs, each a tree in itself, of about 4ft. diameter. The upper twigs cannot be less than 250ft. from the ground. With the practised eye of a timberman, he gauges this monster to have 50 12ft. logs of sawing timber in it, which would saw up into 70,000 or,80,000 super. feet. The hall spoken of, which is used for school also, belongs to the local lodge of Good Templars. This body good naturedly let the Education department have it at the nominal rent of £10 per annum, but would be glad if the department built a school of its own. They vote the school business a nuisance as connected with their building, as it necessarily interferes with the legitimate uses it was purposed for. There is a good site elsewhere, more central for the children, where the Government may have one, two or three acres of cleared land with a good verandah house on it suitable for the teacher's residence for bare value. Here, where timber is plentiful and cheap, £120 will build a good school with two class-rooms, and £200 build and furnish a superior and ornate structure equal to any other school in the colony out of the timbor country that has, cost £400 or £500. The Memorial Chapel cost £120, and the hall £40. Of the 76 men, work-men, contractors, and freeholders, who employ themselves variously, about two thirds are married and have families. Call the men and their wives 100 people. There are certainly 150 children, of whom 50 are of school going ages, and the balance range between a few days and six years old. The timber business, I have reason to believe, will increase, and within a short period there is no doubt the coal mine will add 50 per cent. to the population of Hastings. A school, a master, and mistress are wanted. I felt a fill of relief to be in a country free of the railway craze, though the Hastings folk in an indirect manner will support the extension of iron roads where practicable and honestly necessary in other parts of the colony, and take pleasure in being in the cold themselves, nay they will do more. They will supply sound durable stringy bark and gum for sleepers, bridges and buildings. The township will vote to a man on the reciprocity ticket. The big timber interest right through shakes hands with the hop and fruit growers and the grand agricultural men of the North-West, and will support the opening of Victorian markets for their joint produce. A word to the honorable the Chief Secretary, a gentleman whose astuteness and divining acumen is such a terror to deputations with a flaw in their programme. In the event of the treaty passing the Legislatures of Victoria and Tasmania, see that the wharfage charges, port dues, etc., for Tasmanian produce and vessels are assimilated to those of Victorian dittoes, Reciprocally assimilate the charges and dues at our ports for our trans-straits cousins in like manner. We are had by the wool otherwise by the genius of protection. Potatoes, for instance, are protected by 10s. Customs duty, and 9s. wharfage, so this item needs attention. Others of our products are mulcted in varying proportions, after the customs are satisfied, by this prohibitive octroi. In closing my notes about Hastings I may remark that the mill plant and transporting appliances are of the completest character, and that there is a brass and iron foundry and machine shop where, and at the smith's shop, all repairs and renewals are effected. A board frame and other mechanical aids for timber cutting are of home make and compare well with similar machinery supplied by the regular engineering trades. Hastings, July 27. 