Bl! Bill RM, FOB £1000. MU vJUFFOI, VICTORY OP THE! CA3XAJ&X.; AJST DEFEAT OF THB AUSTRALIAN. The first of the great triangular aquatic duels which have excited intense interest for many months past, was fought out on the Parramatta River on Saturday afternoon, and as the hoad lines above have already announced, was won by Hanlan, It does not need a vivid imagination to picture the wild excited acune witnessed ulong tbe lovely banks of the Parramatta River during the progress of the struggle, but the mind is almost incapable of grasping an idea of tbe almost sickening excite- ment which filled the heart of even the most disin- terested observer of tbis historic contest. Below we publish an account of the race, and a few notes na to tbe career of e»ch man. It is some- what curious that tbe Australian used an American boat,^whilst the American (bb he is claimed to be) used an Australian craft. CliSord's boat was built by Ruddick, ot Boston, whilst Hanlan's is the pro- duction of Donnelly and Sullivan, and has been christened " The Gladesville." The steamer Admiral followed the race on bdbalf of Hanlan, whilst Clifford's friends were on the Commodore. Mr. J. P. Garvan, M.P, was umpire. [Bl TEÏ.BOBAPH FBOM GBEVILiK'S CO.] Saturday, received at 4 45 p.m, The great boat race was won by Hanlan. Received 5.20 p.m. Hanlon won easily by about 8 lengths. Heavy thunderstorm betöre and while part of the race was being pulled. Received 7,5 p.m. The race was attended by thousands- Two or three heavy showers fell just before four o'clock ; the weather then cleared up. The water was tmooth. Clifford showed first, and Hanlan five minutes later, and atter a short spurt took his position with Clifford in frontof the umpire's boat. Hanlan was on the north side well out in the stream. At the start Clifford caught the water first, but the advantage gained was only transitory, for both men were dead level in smooth water along Dhr's shore. Hanlan then took the lead, and as they passed Uhr's Point was half a length ahead, rowing steadily. In two hundred yards he had increased his lead toa hngth. The race now seemed over. Clifford put on a spurt as they neared the first mile post, but without effect, for Hanlan put another half-length between himselt and his opponent. Clifford came agnin, und reduced the distance t» about a length as they neured Putney Point, but Hanlan had gauged his opponent's strength, and from this time to the end did as he liked, He had never been asked to pull. It was no longer a race, but a procestion, Kith an ever-widen- ing gap between the opponents, till at One Man Wharf Hanlan was one hundred yurds ahead. Some rowing boats got in the way, and Hanlan stopped looked round, got clear, easing off rowing without an effort, and finishing as he liked. Time, 22 min. 5 sees, As he deserves precedence by his viotory, we give a few details first ot the winner: EDWARD HANLIN is a name of which poets have Bung and on which scribes who do not; reuch the heights ot Pnrnaesus in search of terms of adoration have worn many a pen in honest prose-a name which has been the foremost in the world of athletics tor many years, and which f will be insoribed in the annals of sport for time im- | memorial. No word-painting of ours could heighten Hanlan's reputation, so we intend to give but bare particulars of him, as his sensational list of perform- ances are as familiar on the lips as household words t He waa bom at Toronto, Cañada, on the 12th July, 1854, so is strangely enough the same age as his op- ponent, He was a flsherlad in his early youth, and competed for a public prize when 17 years old, wbicb he won. Since that memorable day, ßdvvard Hanlan has competed in thirty-nine races (excluding Satur- day's), of whicb be won no less than thirty-four, and lost but five, and was disqualified once foi fouling. He was defeated in one match, that with Beach, and bis successes were so strangely continuous that it was rumoured after he had wrested the world's championship from Trickett that he had machinery secreted in his boat to assiBt. So be bad. But it WBB in the shape of a good man. On November 15, 1880, the " Canadian Phenomenon," as he has been aptly christened in America, won from Ned Trickett on the Thames the ohampionship which the Austra- lian had torn i rom the gniep of the feeble Joe Sadler on June 27,1877. The sturdy EIírs Laycock could not look on nndseehis country mt. n'a hard won honors disappearing, but he w unable to stay their progress across the "fishpond," and he, too, fell a victim to Hanlan, The Canadiau filled in his spare time by beating Boyd, Elliott, and other leading English BCullers, before meeting Trickett for the second time on May 1, 1882. Still the result was the sums, and people began to think him invincible. How after great inducements had been held out to him he arrived in Australia and wbb enthusiastically greeted on March 15, 1884, has already been told, and so has the tale of how he came, saw, and conquered Elias Laycock for the second time in their career on the Nepean on the 22nd May, It needs but a slight pause to gather how he at length met his match on the 16th August last in the person of William Beach, tbe present champion ot the world, Hanlan had very little fenrs as to the result of the match on that occasion so neglected bis training, and was beaten easily. He has learnt that Australian scullers are not to be despised, and has worked hard for this match under the ministering hands of his old opponent, Laycock, He is a very handsomely-built man, is strong, stands 5 ft. 8j in., and to-dBy rowed lüst 9Jlbs, and was never better in his life, according to his (rienda, THOMAS CLIFFORD Was born at Illawarra in 1854, and is consequently in his thirty-first year, From his early boyhood Clifford has followed farming pursuits, and the healthy outdoor life agreed with him bo well that he grew into one of the finest-made and most powerful men in Australia. He stands just 6 feet in bia stock- ings, and possesses the shoulders of a Hercules, measuring round the cheat just 43 inches; his arms are Btrong and wiry looking as cables, and altogether he is a physically perfect man. He has the reputation of being totally ignorant of the meaning of the word afraid, and his staying powers are said to be remarkable. He is a nmried man and the father of five children. Many yeara ago before dreams of aquatic fame had found a place io hia youthful bead young Clifford showed a great partiality for rowing, and it was on the fine sheet of water near his sea-coast home where Clifford first met the now champion of the world, Willam Beach, but the then unthought-of country oarsm-m. Titty rivalries brought about a match between Clifford and Beach, in heavy boats. Thia was the former's first effort in match making, and the *£U¡r ended disastrously for bim, as the seat of his boat broke, and he had to retire. Another con- test under similar conditions followed three months afterwards, and this time Dame Fortune frowned on Beach, as his scull carried away after traversing a mile. Thia being a win for each, their mutual friends arranged a final match, wben it was agreed to change boats, and Clifford then beat Beach very easily. Clifford's ambition grew with his victories, and we next hear of him as winning the South Coast Championship in light skiffs from six others. That was on Anniversary Day, 1882. flushed by bis truimphs he went to Sydney, and rowed into seoond position in light skiffs at a regatta. He then easily defeated Ned Trickett in heavy boats, and the eyes of 8ydneysportsmen were opened to the fact that a shining light in the aquatio world wat dawning upen them, so he did not need to seek far for backers in a match in light skiffs with his whilom opponent, Beech. The latter, however, wpn comfort- ably, having a thorongh knowledge of the ins and outs of the Parramatta, and being better fitted in boats. HBgar Pearce, who visited England with Laycock, was no match, however, for the nmn from Illawarra, and he woa beaten easily io heavy boats. In December, 1883, Messrs. Fanch and Deüble offered a money prize, to be rowed for in outriggers on the Parramatta River. And to show the dogged pluck and determination of Clifford, it may be noted that he had only nine weeks' practice in shells before the race-never having previously sat is one- and yet succeeded in getting second I plaee to that good man, Charley Reynolds, after being palpably and badly interfered with by Neil M'Donald. Reynolds had not the ghost of a show with Clifford on a clear course, as he beat the sable gentleman easily in their heat. After the race Clifford offered to row M'Donald, and lay ¿300 to £200, but the offer was declined. This was the first and last appearance of Thomas Clifford in shells in a public race until ha met the Canadian on Saturday. He, however, seemed to have imbibed a passion for this style of sculling, and has been practising assidu- ously ever since-part of the time on the Parramatta with that light of other days (Ned Trickett), and the remainder on the Illawarra Lake, He, it appears, proved an apt pupil, having learned his mentor's style, and shortly before Ttickett's departure for Rockhampton the novice was superior to the master. Previous to beginning his preparation for to-day's great struggle Clifford weighed 16 st., and the enor- mous amount of exercise neceesary to reduce him to 12st 12 bs., which be stripped on Saturday, may be imagined when it Ib stated for each day during several weeks he ran, walked, and rowed 35 miles per day. What a magnificent constitution and what great de- termination he must possess to have undergone the strain ! Little moro need now be said of bim, bnt we may mention that his principal supporters were Alderman John Young and Messrs; Spencer Bros., gentlemen who are »opposed to know as much about boat racine as any men in Australia. He wub trained by G. Hearn Following are the matches yet to take place : I Feb. 28, Beach v, Clifford ; March 28, Beach v. | Hanlan, £1000 ; April l8, Hanlan v. Clifford, £1000, in tbe event of the latter beating Beach, 