' V.BTO. SERnfCMESETINiffr ' UUP DAY. IBy Telegraph.] (From oar own Correspondent.! Melbourne, November 3. The Cnp Pay of 1885 must be set down aa the most BUceeBaM of all Cup Days. The morning was perfect aa regarded the weather. Ttia-ra was a clondleaa skv and not: a. hrpa+.h of wind. In the forenoon a breeze sprang up, bnt it was never sufficiently strong to raise the dust disagreeably, and, besides, the rain of the Derby Day had done ita work in keeping the city free of ita chief bugbear. From an early hour the city presented a moat stirring spectacle. People from all the suburbs poured in by rail and boa and cab, and Bourke, Collins, Elizabeth, and Swanston streets were scenes of wonderful animation. So fine was the weather that great numbers of people were tempted into leaving for the conrae early, and the road had more than its usual number of patrons. The early comers at the coarse had the chance of a seat on the Stand; later corners had noth ing but disappointment in this respect. The Grand Stand was soon taken np, and a seat was not to be got in it^ after the first race. ' The upper Btand is without a roof, and the discomfort of sitting in it all the afternoon without any shade from the blazing sun was too great to be borne. The hill, with its vast assemblage of humanity, cut off the northerly breeze, which had some coolness in it, from the Stand and the paddock, where the heat was felt in an extreme degree ; but on the lawn the breeze had play, and many ladies who found it altogether impossible to brave the stifling discomfort of the Grand Stand, where never a seat could be had, spent the whole afternoon about the lawn. It was here that the finest view could be had of the costumes. These were quieter than those of past years, the shades being more sober in tint. Cream and white wereparticularly noticeable in rich ness and good taste, if not in display. The dresses certainly compared favourably with those of past years. Amongst some of the richest costumes were to be seen a very rich gold -and -white brocade, the front being covered with point d'Alencon, caught up on one side, with bodice to match, with lace vest and collar and cuffs, and band of sapphire velvet ; a ficelle silk, covered with Soudan lace, the fall skirt draped lightly upon the left to show bands of striped and shaded brown, with silk bodice to match the bands, and plain lace vest; a costume of moes- green MeiTeiUeni, combined with embroiderednet,withjaplfiin akjrt edged with a ball fringe, pointed bodice with plain vest laced at waist, draperies of embroidered net, and a large scarf of satin Merveilleux ; a striped golden brown Merveilleux embossed with gold flowers, with front of rich corded chesnut and brown silk vest of plaited velvet and gold collar and cuffa of velvet; a rich pink silk with alternate stripes of velvet, wings of rich though subdued buss and lace pver a blue ground, bonnet and parasol to match; a costume of old gold satin, with brown skirt, embroidered with fawn and gold lace, with a design of daisies ; a costume of coffee lace over moss-green satin vest, and a bow of the same; a cream lace costume, with a vest of ruby velvet; a green canvas cloth costume, with a vest and skirt of flowered silk, with chartreuse velvet at the waist, matching the collar and cuffs; a costume of ruby - coloured brocbi velvet and Batin with a bonnet ornamented with two canary birds to match, and diamond ornaments. The viceregal party arrived on the course before the first race. Sir Henry Loch drove the party in a four-in- hand drag. He was accompanied by Lady and Master Loch, Sir William Robinson, Sir Frederick Broome, Admiral Tryon, Captain Lake, Lord Castleiose, Captain Traill, and others. Gn arrival the band played the National Anthem, and also on their departure, which' was after the last race but one. As the time for the great race of the day approached the attendance increased vastly. It ia believed on all hands' that it was larger than -aver before. This was borne out by the fact that £200 more than any previous year was. taken as entrance- money on the. course itself, and it is expected that the railway's taking will Bwell this to £500. The sight as the horses got into line for the Cup and Mr. Watson approached his difficult task of getting his big field off was most impressive. There was a mighty silence. Every person showed an eager expectancy to see the horses sweep up the straight running and nass the Judge's box. The fence along both sides of the course was lined with spectators on the flat, every particle of fencing had its crowd of occupants, on the hill the people were packed bo close that it seemed impossible to drop a pin between any two of them, the Grand Stand and Lawn were all full as full could be, and everywhere people had their eyes turned towards the Btartinepost. The scene was most impressive. Again at the finish was there an opportunity of discover ing how vast was the concourse, for from the flat opposite the Stand and down beyond the Lawn came thousands trooping to the Judge's box to Bee the winner and his followers led in, and to hear and join in the cheering that greeted the winner and his jockey. After the Cup began the move homewards, and the crush at thiB moment in the Stand and its vicinity was extreme. The passages and stairways were completely blocked for a time, and the heat was most oppressive. The return railway arrangements, which were the subject of so much complaint on the Derby Day, showed considerable improvement to day. There was no keeping large crowds waiting behind barred gates whilst the platform was being cleared at the slowest of Blow rates. Trains were rapidly' brought forward. There was almost no crushing, but as fast as people came out of the gates they were got into the trains and were off to the city. The general verdict was that the Melbourne Cup of 1885 was a greater success than any of the previous years. There was unquestionably a larger number of people present than ever before. The weather was Bimply delightful, the company was composed of the leading people of the Australian Colonies, the race was interesting and exciting, and the field was the biggest in the history of the Cup, and was representative of all the colonies, including New Zealand. To what dimensions the Cup will swell ere many years are over it is impossible to say. Year by year it has gone on increasing in attraction and popularity. Already it has outgrown even the admirable, and extensive arrangements for accommodation of visitors which have been made by the V.R.C. The Grand Stand was not half big enough to-day, the bookmakers1 paddock was so crammed that getting about in it was almost impossible, and even the re freshment bars were utterly inadequate in size to accommodate their patrons. The club, it is apparent, will have to make further ex tensive improvements at no distant date. There were many to-day who vowed they never again would visit the conrse on Cup Day, but spite of all discomforts it is certain tha the Cups of 1886 and many succeeding ones will Bee them visitors at Fie mington. [From our Special Keporter.] Although rather warm, a better day for racing: could not have been wished for. The atmosphere was light, with little or no wind, and those who walked down the running-ground on their way to the course found the going in splendid condition for Timing fast time— a state of things which few .would have prophesied on Saturday or Sunday. With such a mild opening as that provided in the Railway Stakes early arrivals had plenty of time in which to collect the latest Cup information. After strolling along the terrace and inspecting the Stand, which was crowded at the early hour of 12, the crash of people round the tower, about which the betting men congregated and ex changed ideas on the probabilities of the day, prevented those not feeling absolutely com pelled to struggle, through the crowd from getting within earshot of the leading pencillers, but from the outskirts of the charmed circle we saw that Remus and Honeydew were the only horses yet obliterated for the Cup, and it was in every body's! mouth that Trenton was travelling badly in the market. What was the matter with the handsome Maorilanderwe could not gatLef, but the idea, that aomfctliiflis was wrong appeared general ,- Then Grace Darling was reported to be suffering from the effects of the heat, and gossip was busy with the names of several other prominent candidates, comment in some cases being favourable to the animals' chances, and sometimes the reverse. Before the jockeys were weighed out for the first race the numbers of Uralla and Winchester disappeared from the board, leaving thirty-five on the card, and this number was not further diminished. While the talent were cogitating aa to whether Winchester orlsonomy was the correct thing to back for the Railway Stakes, the Hon. W. Bobinson decided the matter by scratching Winchester, and off then the noble army of backerswent into the ringand boldly laid odds on Isonomy. The half- brother of Sardius was set a very easy task, but there waa money behind First Prince and Parwan, both of whom have shown fair form at times. There was some delay in getting the field away, as the crowd was so great at the start ing- post that Mr. Watson had to pet 3ome assistance from the police before he could get the course cleared. From the time the flag fell Isonomy never gave his backers the slightest cause for uneasiness. He was pulling double all the way, and won in a common canter from First Prince and Baron Neckar. With Maddelina one of a party of Bix which did battle for the Kensington Stakes it was mother case of laying odds on, as the Lockleys filly's [second in the Maribyrnong Plate made her read very like a certainty in thiB company. Thanks to the King ston party again standing by The Nun, backers of Maddelina only had to lay 6 to 4 on the filly. Again backers had a happy Sme, as Maddelina jumped iway in front and squandered her field in the most decided fashion, Weasel starting to pull np before the post was passed. As there were selling conditians attached to this race the winner was submitted to auction, and ifter some keen competition she was bought by Mr. W. A. Long for 620 guineas. Luncheon followed, and while this was going ten com petitors saddled up for the Hurdle Race. As Sworaces had already fallen to South Aus tralia backers thought jt good business to follow Brigand, who was in splendid form ind had the assistance of Corrigan. Gasalier's running with the Agent made her a great favourite with many, and outside these two Ravensworth and Agitation had most friends, neither the stable nor the public laving any fancy for Ruby, despite ihe fact that she had been well schooled -yer hurdles since her failure at Caulfield. The race was run it & tremendous pace, Mistake and Brigand leading moBt of the way, ind it was a very pretty sight to see the field passing along the inside of the course through ihe lines of people congregated by the diffe rent hurdles. Two falls occurred, Duration ind Insolvent coming to grief, and half a mile frOm home Mistake and Brigand were still in front with Ravensworbh, Gasalier, and Ruby :loae handy. The crowd on the rails almost aid the horses as they came round the turn, and backers of Brigand jaw with dismay, as [the leaders me into the 'Btraight, that he had~dla ippeared from the front, and that Ravens worth, Ruby, and Gasalier were right away from their field. The run home was most onesided, as before reaching the last hurdle Ruby left the other two as if they were standing, and scored the third win for Adelaide. Brigand broke down badly two hurdles from home, and could hardly hobble into the paddock. The great event of the day came next, and there was the usual stampede to the paddock ; but as uraal the crowd was so great that very little could be seen of the horaea. Mr. White's corner was eagerly sought after, and Mr. Fennelly had his two charges ready for the fray very early. Trenton was also much sought after, and it may here be remarked that the opposition to this horse in the morn ing died away before the last wager on the race was written, and left him firmer than ever.IOne of the most enquired for was Storna way, who was in strong favour with backers at the finish, and others that the public declared in favour of were Sheet Anchor and Grace Darling— a pair of good honest public performers that were bound to commend themselves to the notice of those in search of a probable winner. Blink Bonny, an uncertain but brilliant mare was not neglected, nor was Acolyte, another of the reliable sort, but overweighted on this occasion. The mysterious Warwick would not go down, bat his game little com panion.iBrown- and-Roae, had her friends; and Liverpool must have disappointed hundreds who followed him on the faith of the many brilliant gallops he did on the Flemington flat in the early morning. Bosworth, the ancient brother to Richmond, carried himself very gaily considering the years of service he has seen, but handsome Lord Wilton has 'not yet recovered the accident he had at Caulfield. St. John, Arsenal, Plausible, Cerise-and-Blue, Metal, Lord Exeter, and Coriolanus all had their friends, but little or no attention was paid to the wiry Minerva, who was destined to recall recollections of Zulu to the bookmakers as she came round the turn for home. As was the case at Caulfield, the parade was dispensed with. Lord Wilton was the first to leave the paddock, and then came Mr. White's pair, followed by First Chester, Grace Darling, Britisher, and Cyclops. One after another they filed through the gate, the last three to pass into the straight being Stornaway, Minerva, and Tom Brown. Most of the competitors were contented with a steady canter, but Despot and Nordenfeldt hit out in fine style, and Sheet Anchor, Warwick, and. Brown-and- Rose^strode along, but these were the only ones extended. No time was lost in getting to the post, and after Mr. Watson had ridden down the line and got them into poaition down went the flag, and a hoarse murmur from a thousand throats announced that the Melbourne Cup of 1S85 was being decided. With a few exceptions the lot began well, and they must have gone nearly a quarter of a mile before the brilliant Prometheus carried his colours to the front; but as they came to the Stand First Chester put in a claim for leadership, and he was in command passing the Judge's box, while the backers of the favourites were delighted to see Nordenfeldt and Trenton were right up with the leaders. First Chester maintained his position all along the river stretch, but coming to the abattoirs, the outsiders, Metal and Velo cipede, cut him down in the most summary manner. Still Nordenfeldt kept near the front, but Trenton had dropped back, and Sheet Anchor creeping along the rails was seen to be within easy distance of thejeaders. Between here and the half-mile post St. , John, Minerva, and Cerise-and-Blue looked dangerous, but at the turn some of these had faded away, and Minerva was leading Sheet Anchor with Nordenfeldt next. In the Btraight Sheet Anchor was first with Minerva and Nordenfeldt next, and when Grace Darling and Trenton had cleared the beaten lot the five settled down to fight out the most exciting race ever seen at Fleminigton. Sheet Anchor's backers were thoroughly at ease up to the distance, but from this point Grace Darling and Trenton were catching him fast, and the gallant Nordenfeldt was also sticking to the uphill task before him with such determination that his backers still had hopes of victory. Once she got clear of Minerva, Grace Darling chal lenged vigorously, and got the better of Nor denfeldt, but O'Brien rode Sheet Anchor out with great determination, and neither the mare nor Trenton had fairly got to him as the chair was passed. Although the Judge's verdict was only a head between first and second, Trenton, who was going faster than anything in the last few strides, was barely a head ' behind Grace Darling. Nordenleldt and Minerva were also very close up, and as the five passed the box the -scene waa something to be seen. Sheet Anchor's number was generally an ticipated, but it was a relief to his supporters when they saw it exhibited. Mr. Wakely distinguished himself by hoisting Blink Benny's number instead of Grace Darling's, but this error was speedily rectified. The winner was bred in Tasmania, but is owned by Mr. M. Lcughlin, of Ballarat. He has been consistently backed from the time of the weights, and was first favourite at one time, bat was knocked back in the betting last week owing to being U&ten; in a tiial. XLt B-lLraS division , win very -heavily by his victory, Mr. Lougblin'B winninKS being stated at £20,000, but of conrse the ring would have suffered more if Nordenfeldt, Trenton, Liverpool, or Despot had won. The time is the fastest on record in Australia, but, as mentioned before, the day was very favourable to record breaking. After the Cup a good field of juveniles went to the poBt for the Nursery Handicap, but Yellow Jacket, who was made a hot favourite, beat his field very easily. The Yan Yean Stakes wound up the proceedings, and again backers had no difficulty in picking the winner, as Merrimu was literally thrown into the handicap, and after getting off none ' too well he ran through his horses in the Btraight and won easily. The following are the results :— RAILWAY STAKES. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 100 added. For three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. Winner of any race (not a handicap) of The value of 100 sovs. to carry 7 lb. extra ; of two or more such races, 10 lb. extra. Maidens if three years old allowed 31b.; four years or upwards allowed 71b. One mile and a quarter. Mr. M. Locke's b.c Isonomy, by Winterlake— Buby, 3 yrs , 7 st 12 lb. (Quinn) ? 1 Mr. M. O'Jshanassy'B br.c. first Prince, 3 yrs., 8 st. 6 lb. (Moore) ? .. .. 2 Mr. A. Davies'a b g. Baron Necker, 3 yrs., 7 st. 91b. (Flannagan) .. ..- .. „ _ 3 Mr. J. Whittingham's br.c. Parwan, 3 yrH., 7 st 121b.(Trahan). : Mr. J. Albert's b.c. Perchance, 3 yrs., 7 st 7 lb. (BrownV Betting— 5 to 2 on Isonomy, 6 to 1 each agst First Prince and Parwan. After a short delay Isoncmy and First Prince got the best of a bad start, Perchance and Parwan being several lengths behind. Isonomy on the in side, and Baron Necker cat ont the work from Perchance, and at the abattoirs these three were racing abreast After passing the sheds Perchance began to fade away, and Isonomy going at his ease led Baron Necker into the straight Here First Prince made his ran, and Quin shook up Isonomy, who at once left his opponents and won in a common canter by three lengths. First Prince beat Baron Necker by a head for second place, with Parwan close up, and Perchance beaten off. Time, 2 min. MJ sec KENSINGTON STAKES. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, 2 ft , with 250 sovs. added. For two-year-olds— colts, 8 st5 lb.; fillies, 8 st The winner to be sold for £300. No selling allowances. Five furlongs. Mr. L. Watson's ch.f. Maddelina, by Neckers gat— Meg Merrilees, 8 st (Weazel) .. .. 1 Mr. W. D. Robertson's b.f. The Nun, by First King— Pilgrimage, 8 st (Moore) ? 2 Mr. J. H. Bill's b.c. Telephone, by Englishman— Catepaw, 8 st 6 lb. (Campbell) _ .. ..3 Mr. M. Fennelly's ch.f. Brigantine, by Wilber force— Nancy Lee, 8 st (Ellis). Mr. J. Bedfern's br.f. Aspromonte, by Darriwell -Luln, 8 st. (Wark). Mr. S. 6. Cook's br.c. Mainsail, by Bapid Bay Misfortune, 8 st. 5 lb. (Sanders). Betting— 8 to 4 on Maddelina, 5 t) 2 agst The Nun, 5 to 1 Telephone. At the first attempt the flag fell to a fair start, Maddelina being first away from Brigantine and Telephone, and the favourite crossed the tan with a clear lead of Telephone, next to whom came The Nut, with Aspromonte last Entering the course proper, Telephone cut across the course, and left Maddelina with a long lead, which she maintained to the end, winning in a canter by three lengths from The Nun, who was two lengths clear of Tele phone, with Aspromonte last Time, 1 min. 3J sec HURDLB RACE. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 sots, each, 2 ft, with 250 added ; second horse to receive 60 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. Messrs. W. -fc A. Crorier's bi.m. Baby, by lapl dist-Mince Pie, aged, 9 st 111b. (O'Brien) .. 1 Mr. J. Mayo's b.c. Bavenswortb, 4 yrs., 10 st 41b. (Batty) .. ? -.. .. 2 Hon. W. Pearson's b.m. Gasalier, 6 yrs,, 10 st 6 lb. (Gardiner) .. .. .... .. 8 Mr. J Cripps'sbLh. Duration, aged, 12 st 81b. (McLeod). Mr. G. Cohen's en. m, Boral Maid* aged, 11 st, 121b. (Kilduff). ? ' . . v , - Mr. J. Ware's b.g. Insolvent, 5 yrs., 10 st 12 lb. (Carey). ' ?? ? '' ?' Mr. a. Saqui's b.h. Mistake, 6 yrs., 10 st. 10 lb. (McGowanl ' ' . ' ? ' ' ' Mr. C. H. T. Hart's b.m. Agitation, age*, 10 st 7 lb. (Furgusson). r. J. Cox's g.g. Student, aged, 10 st 7 lb. (Clone). Mr. H. B. Tothill's b.g. Brigand, aged, 9 st 7 lb. (Corrigan). Betting— 6 to 2 agst. Brigand, 3 to 1 Gasalier, 6 to 1 each Agitation and Bavensworth, 10 to 1 Buby and Student Directly the word was given Mistake went to the front and led Boyal Maid, Brigand, and Agitation over the first hurdle, Bavensworth beine at the head of the others, with Insolvent bringing up the rear. After rounding the turn Mistake increased his lead to four lengths, Brigand being two lengths clear of Boyal Maid, with Gasa lier and Bavensworth at the head of the others, who were keeping dose order. The order was much the same passing the bridge, bat at the sheds Mistake and Brigand jumped together, Bavenswortb, Boyal Maid, and Gasalier being three lengths off, with Insolvent, Student, and Agitation bringing up the rear. At the turn Mistake was in front again, and he led Brigand into the straight, but at the Stand the pair jumped together, with Bavensworth, Gasalier, Boyal Maid, and Baby in close attendance, the last two being Duration and Agitation. At the river Mistake held a trifling advantage otct Brigand and Boyal Maid, with the others well up, and here Duration fell. Brigand and Mistake were together again at the bridge, Gasalier being two lengths behind the pair, and just clear of Bavensworth and Buby, while Agitation made an expiring effort, and struggled into the front tank. At the sheds the two leaders, Mistake and Brigand, were still well in front, with Bavensworth, Gasalier, and Buby in place, but at the hurdle by the turn the two leaders were collared, and Bavensworth led into the straight from Buby, with Gasalier next Before reaching the distance Buby was seen to be running over the Sydney horse, and lumping the last hurdle safely, she won in a canter by four lengths. Gasalier was the same distance off third, with Agitation and Brigand together. Next to them came Student and Mistake, with Boyal Maid coming in last. Time, 5 min. 33 sec. THE MELBOURNE CUP. A handicap sweepstakes of SO sovs. each, with 1,000 sovs. added. The handicap weight of the winner of the A. J.C. or V.R.C. Derby to be not less than 7 st. 5 lb., and the winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. after the declaration of the weights to carry 3 lb. extra ; of any such race of the value of 200 sovs., 5 lb. extra ; of any such race of the value of 600 sovs., 7 lb. extia ; penalties not cumulative. The second horse to receive 300 sovs , and the third horse 200 sovs. out of the stake. Two miles. Mr. M. lougblin's br.h. Sheet Anchor, aged, by fat. Albans-Queen Mary, 7 st. 11 lb. (M. O'Brien) ? 1 Mr. J. G. Beid's cb.m. Grace Darling, 6 yrs., by Diver— Zoo, 7 st. 6 lb. (Williams) ? 2 Mr. D. O'Brien's b.h. Trenton, 4 yrs., by Musket — Frailty, 7 st. 13 lb. (Robertson) ? 3 Mr. B. G. Talbot's ch.m. Blink Bonny, aged, by St Albans-Medea, 8 st 6 lb. (Blair). Mr. A. Halinbourg*s br.h. Acolyte, 4 yrs., by New minster— Nightingale, 8 st 1 lb. (Sanders). Mr. B. W. EUis'8 ch.h. lord Wilton, 5 yrs., by Countryman— Instep, 8 st. (Ivemy). Mr. C. J. Brackenreg's b.h. Tom Brown, 6 yrs., by Kelpie— Bappy Thought, 8 st (Gainsforth). Mr. B. Phillips's b.h. Kit Nubbles, 6 yrs., by The Diver-Little Nell, 7 st. 12 lb. (Colley). Mr. D. Robertson's br.h. Coriolanus, aged, by Tubal Cain— Pauline, 7 st. 12 lb, (Moore). Mr. M. Bryant's br.h. Bosworth, aged, by Mari byrnong— The Fawn, 7 st. 9 lb. (Riley). Mr. A. F. Smart's b.h. Warwick, 5 yrs., by Mari byrnong— The Fawn, 7 st. 9 lb. (B. Gough). Mr. A. Balinbonrg's b.h. St Lawrence, 6 yrs., by Glorious— Perfection, 7 st 9 lb. (Smith). Hon. W. Pearson's b.g. Plausible, 6 yrs., by f Vagabond- Plaudit, 7 st 8 lb. (Power). Hon. W. Robinson's ch.h. Liverpool, 4 yrs., by King of Clubs-Idalia, 7 et. 8 lb. (Derrit). Mr. J. Whittingham's br.h. Prometheus, 6 yrs., by Tubal Cain— Lurline, 7 st 6 lb. (Trahan). Mr. A. B. Robertson's b. or br. c Dunlop, 3 yrs., by Jfeckeregat— Etta, 7 st. 6 lb. (Foote). Hon. W. Bobinson's b. or br. c Thunderbolt, 3 yrs., by Musket-Locket, 7 st. 5 lb (Haxtable). Mr. T. Benty's b.h. Stornaway, i yrs., by King of the Ring— Norma, 7 st. 6 lb. (Musgrove). Mr. W. J. Smart's br.h. Velocipede, 6 yrs., by Fenman— Vesper, 7 st. 4 lb. (Burton). Hon. J. White's br.c Nordenfeldt, 3 yrs., by Musket— Onyx, 7 st. 5 lb. (Ellis). Mr. R. Bouse, jun.'s ch h. Wing, 5 yrs., by Grand master—Queen Bee, 7 st. 6 lb. (Merriker). Mr. M. Jacob's bl.h. Hilltop, 6 yrs., by Maribyr nong— Lady Belmore, 7 st. 4 lb. (Warke). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's br.h. St. John, 6 yrs., by Conrad— Em- hrosyne, 7 st 3 lb. (Elannagan). Hon. J. White's g.h. Despot, 6 yrs., by Maribyr none— Sflverhair, 7 st. 2 lb. (McAuliffe). Mr. W. B. Hall's ch.h. Lord Exeter, 4 yrs., by Julian Avenel— Tiara, 7 st 1 lb. (Williamson). Mr. A. F. Smart's ch.m. Brown-and-Boae, 4 yrs., by Somnus— Gigler, 7 st. (Gough). Mr. M. Longhlin's b.g. Britisher, aged, by John Bull-Favourite, 6 st 11 lb. (Fallon). Mr. W. Kelao's br.c. Firat Chester, 3 yrs., by Chester-Marie Stuait 6st 101b. (J. William*). Hon. W. Pearson's b.c. Arsenal, 3 yrs., by Golds borough— Powder, 6 st 91b. (I. Brown). Mr. H. J. Bowler's b.m. Minerva, 6 yrs., by St George— Miss Flat, 6 st 8 lb. (Curran). Mr. M. Jacobs's ch. Metal, 4 yrs., by Tobal Cain — Stockrose, 6 st. 61b. (Bedlern}. Mr. F. Henry's b c Cyclops, 3 yrs., by St Albans —Jewess, 6 Bt 3 lb. (Johnston). Mr, A. F. BradshaWs ch.h. Yellow Hammer, 5 yrs. , by Yellow Jacket— Gamett, 6 st (Guy). Mr. M. Thompson ns. b.m. Cerise-and-Blue, 4 jrs., by Wilberforce— Myrtle, « st (Gorry). Mr. S. Davia's br.m. Lesbia, 6 yrs., by Tim Whiffier-Peerles*, 6 st (McDowall). Bettiog-5 to 1 agst Nordeafeldt, 7 to 1 agst Trenton, 10 to 1 each agst Liverpool and Despot 16 to 1 each agst Sheet Anchor, Kit Nubbles, and Stornaway, 20 to 1 each agst Acolyte, Grase Dar ling, and Brown-and-Bose, 25 to 1 each agst Lord Exeter, Cerise-and-Blue, and St John, 30 to 1 each agst Blink Bonny, Coriolanu, Warwick, Plausible, Arsenal, and Metal, 60 to 1 each agst. Lord Wilton, Tom Brown, Prometheus, Dunlop, Thunderbolt, Britisher, First Chester, aad Minerva, 68 to 1 agst Velocipede, 100 to 1 each agst Lesbia, Cyclops, Hill top, St Lawrence, and Bosworth, 200 to 1 agst Yellow Hammer. Mr. Watson had no sooner got them in order at the post than without a single fafiue the flag was lowered to a splendid start, the whole field appear ing to spring away together. After going a few strides Brpwn-and-Bose. Trenton, Lord Kxeter, Dnnlop, Prometheus, and Britisher were prominent in the front rank, and as they entwed the course proper Trenton, Thunderbolt, Prometheus, and First Chester seemed to be leMins; Arsenal, Lord Exeter, Dunlop, and NoTdenfeldt, while Yellow Hammer could be plainly discerned lengths in the rear of everything. Approaching the distance Prometheus had established a desr lead from Lord Kxeter, Trenton, and Dnnlop, next to whom cune' Nordenfeldt First Chester, Thuderboii, and Plausible, the whole of this lot being spread over the course on very evea terns. Some changes took place coming along the lawn, and passing the Judge'! box First Chester just put hia bead, in front of Pro metheus and Thunderbolt, with Trenton and Nordenfeldt aide by side next, and then Minerva, Velocipede, Blink Bonny, and Dnnlop at the bead of a great duster, the field being whipped in by Lord Wilton and Yellow Hammer, who were lengths in the rear of everything. As they rounded the torn First Chester drew away from the field, and oppo site the wharf booth he was a length to the good, ;with Thunderbolt double that distance in ?front of ? Promethf n«, who was Iradin? Treh «U.e, jSoidwutMUt, and jiiutuv* fctumtot, wiUi Velodpede and Plaufhle mutt prominent of the others. First Chester coathned to carry his colours to the fore aa they swept along the riverside, and passing die mOe-andqoarter post he was still a length clear of Thunderbolt, who had Prometheus, Nordenfeldt, and Trenton on hia girths, with Veloci pede, Minerva, and Warwick most prominent of the main body, who were still being whipped in by Yellow Hammer. At the bridge Norden feldt and Prometheus were in attendance upon First Chester with Velocipede just clear of Thunder bolt, Minerva, and Trenton, but before the abattoirs were reached there were some important changes, Metal having made a rapid run on the out side, and settled down in front with Velodpede, the pair abreast being quite two lengths dear of First Chester, while Nordenfeldt, Minerva, Sheet Anchor, and Ceriae-and-Blne were at the big bay's heels, Trenton having dropped back several places. Passing the sheds Metal and Velocipede side by side were still in command, with Cerise and-Blue on the inside next, St John and Minerva being en her quarters, and then came Nordenfeldt, Sheet Anchor, and Britisher, while Trenton, Liver pool, and Grace Darling could be seen at the head of the main body as they cune sweeping by the five furlong post When they left the half-mile post, and began to make the bend into the straight, Minerva, gong remarkably well, was up level w.th Velocipede, and then came Nordenfeldt, Metal, and Sheet Anchor, while Trenton and Grace Darling were rapidly deserting the rest of the field. On making the turn Velocipede collapsed suddenly, and for a few strides Minerva was left in undisputed possession of the lead, but O'Brien now made his ran on the inside with Sheet Anchor and passing Minerva the Ballarat horse was first into the straight, with Nordenfeldt at Minerva's heels and then Brown-and-Bose and Trenton on the outside, Grace Darling making her run on the rails. Sheet Anchor held a dear lead of Minerva at the distance, with Nordenfeldt in the centre, Grace Darling on the rails, and Trenton on the whip band catching the leaders fast, the five teing right away from the field. Sheet Anchor always held Minerva fafe, but Grace Darling, Nordenfeldt, and Trenton kept struggling on, and at the beginning of the Stand O'Brien on bheet Anchor sat down and rode with a wilL In the last hundred yards Grace Darling and Trenton were both going faster than Sheet Anchor, but they could not quite make np their ground, and after a desperate struggle Sheet Anchor got home by a long head from Grace Darling, who only beat ltenton by half a head for second place. Norden feldt was only half a neck from Trenton, while Minerva's head was on the New Zealander'a shonlder, and no one could be certain of the placings antil the numbers n ent up. After these five there was a long gap, and then came St Lawrence, Lesbia, Metal, and Arsenal, the last four being Vellow Hammer, Bosworth, Dunlop, and 1 hunder bolt, the latter walking in. Time, 3 min. 29} sec ? WINNERS OF THE MELBOURNE CUP. ? Jfr. j Owner. Winner. AWgt.iS.l Rider. t7 i yTstlbT | 1861 DeMestre Archer .. 5 '9 7 17|Cutts.. ..3 62 l862!DeMestre Archer .. 6 10 2 20Cutts.. .. 3 47 1863 Harper .. Banker ..354 7 Chifney .. 3 44 1864 H. Kisher Lantern. . 3 -6 3 19 Davis . . 3 52 1865 Marshall Toryboy.. a 7 0 23 Kavanagh 3 41 l866J.Tait ..TheBarb 3 6 lit 28 W. Davfi . . 3 43 1867 DeMestre TWhiffler 5 8 11* 27 Driscoll . . 3 39 l868J.Tait .. Glencoe.. 4 9 1*25 Stanley ..3 42 1869 Saqui . . Warrior. . 6 8 10 26 Morrison . . 3 40 1870 W. Craig Nimblfo't a 6 3* 28 Day .. .. 3 37 1871 J. Tait .. The Pearl 5 7 3* 23 Cavenagh 3 39 1872 J. Tait . . The Qu'ck 6 7 10* 22 W. Ender'n 3 39 L873 Johnson Don Juan 4 6 12 24 W.Wilson 3 36 L874 Chimside Haricot 4 6 7* 18 F.Pigot .. 337 j 1875 Sharp .. Wollomai 6 7 8 20 R. Batty .. I 38 L876 J. Wilson Briseis ..3 6 4 33 St. Albans 3361 1877 J. White Chester.. 3 6 12 3t P. Pigott.. J33J 1878 DeMestrt Calamia 5 8 2 3( r. Brown.. 335 J 1878 Bawlinsn Darriwell 5 7 4 2i Cracknell J30J 1880 W.A.L'm? G.Fl'neui 3 6 10 »; F. Hates .. } 34 1881 M'Donnli Zulu .. 4 5 10 i: Gough . J32J L88S J.E.Savli Assyrian 5 7 10 i' Hutchins.. i 40 188S J. White Mart'niE 3 7 5 '.-? Williamsoi J30J 1884 J.O.Inglit Malua . 6 9 9 \ ftobertson ill} 188E Langhfln \ Anchoi a 7 11 it tf. O'Brien IX)} *Indnding 3 lb. penalty, t Including 2 lb. ove». NUBSERY HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 6 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 200 added; ?econd horse to receive 50 sovs., and the third 25 3ovs. ont of the stake. For two-year-olds. Five furlongs. I Mr; W. A. Long'sb.c. Yellow Jacket, by Drummer —Baroness, 7 st 4 lb. (Williamson) .. .. 1 Mr. B. Gray's b. or br. c. Retort, by First King— Repartee, 6 st 12 lb. (Johnston) ? 2 Mr. M. Bryant's ch.f. Clelia, by Gang Forward Jessica, 6 st. 7 lb. (Tomlin) ? 8 Hon. L. L. Smith's b. or br. f. Louise Berta, by Darriwell-Alethe, 8 st 8 lb. (M. O'Brien). Mr. S. Miller's br.c Munwyrtina, by Glorious Hope, 8 st 8 lb. (Olds). Messrs. W. & A. Crczier'a br.c. Trojan, by Wild Eagle-Maid of Troy, 8 st. 6 lb. (D. O'Brien). Mr. w. E. Dakin's br.f. Utopia, by Bobinson Crusoe— BadUnce, 7 st. 13 lb. (Fryer). Mr. H. Connelly ns. Lord Chancellor, by His Lordship— Drift, 7 it. 12 lb. (Trahan). Sir W. J. Clarke's br.c. Damodes, by Gane For ward—Queen of Naples, 7 st. 11 lb. (Hughes). Mr. W. A. Long's br.f. Crossfire, by Goldsbrough —Powder, 7 st. 10 lb. (Colley). Hon. W. Pearson's br.c. Dividend, by Bolton Green— Frou Frou, 7 st 10 lb. (Power). Mr. T. Chirnside's b c. St Paul, by Newminster— Ouida. 7 st. 7 lb. (Brown). Mr. P. Hann's ch f. Devotion, by Goldabrough— Benevolence, 7 st. 5 lb. (Smith). Hon. J. White's br.f. Tamarisk, by Chester— Guelder Rose, 7 st. 5 lb. (Ellis). , Mr. J. H. Hill's br.c. Micawber, by Bolton Green -Charade. 7 st. 5 lb. (Fagg). Mr. W. C. Cooper's bk.c Fernandez, by Bobinson Crusoe— Giovanni, 7 st. 4 lb. (Sanders). Mr. D. S. Wallace's b.f. Essie, by St Albans— Starlight, 7 st. 4 lb. (Weazel). Mr. S. Horsfall's br.f. Mistral, by Darriwell— Cyclone. 7 st 2 lb. (Huxtable). Captain Haimes'sbr.c. Dufferin. by Ambassador — Eugenie, 6 st 7 lb. (McAuliffe). Hon. W. Pearson's b f . Trishna, by The Drummer — Colima, 6 st. 7 lb. (Poole). Betting— 2 to 1 agBt. Yellow Jacket, 6 to 1 agst Tamarisk, 7 to 1 each agst Louise Berta and Mi cawber, 8 to 1 agst. Damodes, 10 to 1 each agst Lord Chancellor, Crossfire, and Dividend. Directly they left the post Yellow Jacket could be seen in front, with Clelia, Tamarisk, and Damocles prominent of the others, and they entered the course proper with Yellow Jacket heading Clelia, Trojan, and Tamarisk. The favourite held his own easily to the end, and Williamson giving him his head halfway up the lawn he strode away and won by three lengths. A great race for second place between Trojan, Clelia, and Retort ended in favonr of the latter by a neck, Trojan being close up fourth, with Louise Berta and Tamarisk next, lime, 1 min. 2} sec. IHE YAN TEAN 9TAKE3. ' A bandicip sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 100 added. For 3-year- olds and upwards. One mile. Mr. J. Whittingbam's ch.c. Merrimu, by Argus Scandal— Chutoniere, 4 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. (Trahan) ? .. ... 1 Mr. D. S. Wallace's b.h. (/huckster, aged, 8 st. 121b. (M. O'Brien) ? .. .. 2 Mr. W. A. Filgate's br.c Lavington, 4 yrs., 7st 4 1b. (Weazel) ? .. .. 3 Messrs. W. & A. Crozier's br.g. Lantern, 6 yrs., 9 st 1 lb. p. O'Brien). ? ? : Mr. W. Murphy's br.h. Middlemarch, 5 yrs., 8 st. 18 lb. (Murphy). : Mr. J. D. Robertson's b.g. Stafford, 6 yrs., 8 st 91b. (Moore). Mr. J. G. Beid's ch.g. Ghost, aged, 8 st 8 lb. (Williams). Mr. C. H. T. Harf s th.h. Agent, aged, 7 st. 11 lb. (Williams). : Mr. T. Coffey's br.h. Femlea, 6 yrs., 7 st. 8 lb, (Sanders). Mr. G. H. Harris's br. or bl.h. Signor, 6 yrs., 7 st 8 lb. (Robertson). Mr. L. Watson's b.f. Joanna, 8 yrs., 7 st. 6 lb. (Williamson). Mr. S. G. Cook's b. or br.f. Marie Ionise, i yrs., 7 st. 4 lb. (Flannagan). Mr. M. Jacob's b.h. Muscat, 6 yrs., 7 st. 3 lb. Mr. J. A.' Lang's br.m. Agatha, 6 yrs., 6 st 12 lb. (Musgrave). Mr. G. Davis's b.g. Meerschaum, 3 yrs., 6 st 7 lb. (D. Williams). Mr. W. Bland's b.c. Egbert 8 yrs., 6 st 4 lb. (McDowall). Mr. S. Daws br.m. Mrs. Jariey, 5 yrs., 6 st. 2 lb. (Smith) Mr. D. Sloan's b.h. Bon Bon, 5 yr?., 6 st 2 lb, (Moffattj. Mr. E. Malone's b.f. All Black, 8 yrs., 6 st. (Hatchet). - Mr. T. Lamond's ch.c Phaon, 3 yrs., 6 st (Riley). Captain Haimes's br.c Bagman, 3 yrs., 6 st (McAuliffe). Betting— 2 to 1 agst Merrimu, 4 to 1 agst. Stafford, 7 to 1 agst. Marie Louise, 10 to 1 each agst. Ghost, Chuckster, Lavington, and Fernlea. After some trouble the flag fell to a moderate start, Stafford, Laviogton, and Signor getting off in front, with Egbert and Kingship next. Signor, Stafford, and Fernlea made play round the back of the conrse and past the sheds, Signor on the inside leading Stafford, Lantern, and Muscat past the half-mile post. There waa no change rounding the turn, and Signor came into the straight dosely followed by Stafford, Lavington, and Muscat, with Merrimu running past the others, followed by Chuckster. At the distance Signor re signed to Merrimu, who was quickly challenged by Cnnckster and Lavington, but the favourite always bad a little to spare, and won by half a length from Chuckster, who only beat Lavington by a head for second place, then four lengths off Signor. The Agent and Marie Louise finished together, lime, 1 min. 42} sec Sydney. November 3. The victory of Sheet Anchor in the Mel bourne Cup created the greatest surprise in Sydney, and the news at first waa dis credited. The intersection of Pitt and King streets waa thronged with sporting people eager to learn the latest information of the race. The news of the victory of Sheet Anchor was received by the crowd with silence. Very few of the Sydney public gained by his triumph, Nordenfeldt, Despot, and Trenton being their idols of speculation. 