SAND AK AN TO L ABU AN, Br Captain R. D. Bkeston, Late Bbxoal Staff Costs. No. X. Having business to attenil to on the western sido of the island, I cast about for means of communication with Ihu little island of Labuan, which lies in Brunei Bev, about three hours' steam from tlie mainland. The mails for San- dakan, via Singapore, are carried by throe different steamers, the Hong Ann, tho Banca and tho Borneo, the two former owned by Chinese firms in Singapore, and the latter has just stopped running, and has beon sold to trado with Saigou. The Hong Ann being expected in shortly from Celebes, I elect to take a postage in her, and early ou the morning of 28th March she whistles her war post Balhalla, and brings up alongside the wharf, and loses uo time in dis charging and taking iu cargo. It is half-pest uiuo o'clock on a bright moon light night when we embark for our coasting voyage, tho party consisting of myself and four Government officers. The accommodation is limited in tho extreme, the cabins being nearly all taken up with Chinamen, who havo evi dently made up their minds to a prolonged de bauch on opium; between Sandaknn and Labuan Our only haven of refuge is tho bridge, where we camp night and day for the trip, packed like sardines in a tin, aud alternately drenched, with rain and baked with the tropical sun. The steamer's decks present a motley ap pearance. Not one square foot of space is un occupied. Dyoks with baskets of gutta. Sooloos bouud ou a trading expedition to the west, returning Chiuameu from all parts of tlio island, sick cociies from ilio plantations, some Sikh policemen, all this polyglot mob is mixed up with an animal following of Sooloo ponies, Celebes parrots, goats, cats . nd monkeys of every species, size and color, till one begins to fancy the Hong Ann a modern burlesque of tke original Noah's ark, while the occasional whiffs of fried garlic and mustard oil, in which the deck cooks delight to fry their fish, is enough to Luru the stomach of a statue. The Hong Ann is a steamer of 290 tons register, and is loaded deep with jungle pro duce, principally rattans, which are exported in great quantities to Singapore by nearly every available boat. Ilor officers are all Eng lishmen, and the captain lavs himself out to make us ns comfortable as lie possibly can, in which bo thoroughly succeeds. The cap tain is simply responsible for the navi gation of the vessel ; ho has noth ing whatever to do with tho cargo. All this is managed by a Chinese "Chintu" or supercargo, a geuius not always conspicuous for his knowlodgo of stowugo, as we nearly found out to our cost later ou in tbo trip. Tho Chintu is directly responsible to tho owners for oil cargo, passengers' -fares, &c.;, and looks npon himself as a most important personage, as indeed ho is during tho trip. Wo start from the wharf under the aus picious surroundings of fine weather, bright moonlight, anil nearly the whole of the European population to bid us farewell. The warps aro cost off, aud tho iioug Ann, gathoring headway, noon loaves Elopura and its twinkling lights astern, passes BnlhaLlas, the timber- clothed island which, sentinel like, guards tho entrance to Sandukan Harbor, and heads away westward towards the Mulawaii Channel. Onr first thought is as to camping for tlie night. The heat and the opium fumes render the cabins out of the question, eo we each peg out an al lotment on tlie bridge, which is pretty well oc cupied by the Malay steersman and bis wheel, and tv.-o gigantic iron ventilators. Wo pass tho thickly wooded island of Li- barrau, noted fur tlio quantity of deer that finds good grazing ou its shores ; pass l'ulo Tikus, or Rat Islaud ; pass the mouth of ihe Gum Gum River, prolific in mangrove swanins : past Kolapis, with tlie steni3 of tho Alipa palms at its mouth bristling with large and luscious bivalves ; and at daybreak are in sight of Tanjong Sugut, which is standing darkly out against tho sky liueto the south-west. Further vo.-t are tho mouths of the two big rivers of the northern coast, the Sugut and l'aitnu, whoso chiefs, formerly inclined to " kick " against the rule of the company, have now unhesitatingly given iu their allegiance find ing it far more to their advantage to pay poll tax to the " Iugrccs," aud thereby have security tor life and property, than to live from hand to mouth, and be at tho mercy of the first comer possessed of the " strong right hand," as was tho case in the old days. We aro now in the Malnwali Channel, one of the prettiest of marine pictures and most dan gerous channels (o navigate in the whole of these seas. The whole distance is studded witli coral beds, tiny islet3 and sand cays, reuderiug navigation an anxious task to seamen by day i end next door to an utter impossibility at : uight. All ou board'havc their " oyes skinned" running through. The captain, binoculars iu | hand, is glued to the bridge ; the chief officer, i perched aloft on the fureyurd, searches with the j eyes of a hawk for " grecu " water j and a j hand sinuds by in tho cngiuo room to I attend to the signals. More than once ilio good ship deviates from her course to clear a coral patch or avoid a yellow sjiot which de notes the presence of a suud bur. After three lioiira or so we fetch tlie island of Mulawaii, and make over towards the larger island of l ar ge ey, when tho steamer is headed south towards Mailudu Bay and tho township of Kudat Banguev Island has becu selected during the la-.t lew months as the headquarters of a to- -bacco plantation— tho company being German, with iho head office at Hamburg. Already- great progress has been made. Houses, sheds and Coolie lines havo been built, and planting is beiug prosecuted witli vigor.- Of such importance is this island now considered that the British North Borneo Government have stationed here a llesiilent, in the person of Mr. F. G. Col legium, formerly Eesidont at Silam, and a most energetic and able officer of the company. Iu a few months, when the first tobacco has been shipped home, it is most probable the wholo of tho land in llunguey will be taken up, as the present manager, who has had considerable experience of tobacco planting in tlie Straits, is of opinion that the soil here will grow crops to rival those of Sumatra, in which island, by the way, tlio plantation of Deli re turned a dividend last year of 80 per cent, on the paid up capital of tho couutry. The total | urea of this island is a little short of 100.000 acres, it is easily accessible by tea, possessing g-.od anchoring grounds, and is well watered. iseyona a tew ii.ijuiis or sea gipsies and a Duscm village or two, there aro no inhabitants ; tho soil is a dark chocolate brown, very fertile, and the whole island is well watered, and heavily timbered. There are Large outcrops of quartz at tho uorth end of the island, where the country is of a sandstone and slate formation, iu which colors of gold havo been got, aud I am of opinion that a month or so of systematic prospecting would lead to solid and tangible j results. The fauna of the place consist of | deer aud wild pigs, reptilia being represented I by the uncomfortable lucking python, | ard a species uf poisonous lizard, with j a skin like Joseph's coat of many ! colors and a nasty steel grey eye. Mr. G. L. J Davies, while on a visit to the placo some 1 mouths back, discovered copper on a high i ridge ou the north- west part of the island, and ; also narrowly e-capc-d tlio embraces oia python ' s-jiue twenty feet in length, which he, how- ! ever, promptly despatched with his rifle. Alii- ! gators are plentif ul iu iho rivers and creeks, ! and the beaches are infested with sandflies, j though mosquitoes aro few and far between, j To ti e southward, distaut n mile, is the Email island ot Moiiaugau, the strip of water between ! being a safe and convenient anchorage. j Leaving Muliaugau to the northward, three hours' steam brings us into Mailudu Bay, and j iu right of the- town of Kudat. Mulltidu Bay I was formerly the worst piratical haunt in these j una until Admiral KcddoI and Sir Jainea 1 Brooke made their famous crnsada against them, pursuing them up tho various rivers, aud burning their strongholds, extermi nating them at once and for ever from these waters. Mailudu Bay is spacious enough to anchor the uavies of Europo, but the country near the coast is but thinly in habited, the coast natives beiug for the most part Bnjuas and Dusuns, with a sprinkling of Malays up the principal rivers that ran into the bay. At two o'clock in the afternoon, seventeen hours after leaving Sandakan, the Hong Ann makes fast to the wharf, and there being some tour or five hours to spare w e prepare for a run ashore. When I was first here in 1883 lvudat was a bnsy ccutrc, aud it was intended that tho place should be the capital of tho colony. The natural advautages of San dakan, however, have forced thr,mselves on the Government to snch an extent that Elopmn is anil must remain the chief town of North Bor neo, aud consequently the great bulk of tho iuhubitauts have "folded their tents," and migrated to the eastern city The long, well built rows of whitewashed brick shops are still standiug, hut empty. No produce is piled up us of yore for sale or shipment ; the Sikh police barracks are well nigh empty, and the crou-d (?) on the wharf to meet ns consists of two policemen and nn old Malay, whom I recognise ns the serang of the launch Kinianis, with whom I navigated the Sugut and Parian Rivers two years ago. His occupation, too, is gone. Tlio launch has changed hands, aud tlie old fellow is looking sadly iuto the depths of tlie water as though in search of ihe former glories of Kudat, even as the fisherman gazes into the depths of Lough Neagh for a glimpse of " the round towers of other days," as Moore's ballad has it. One great drawback to Kudat existed from the first, the scarcity of good drinking water. A large sum of money was spent on a scheme to remedy this want, but tlie plan was a bad one ; mm ib ttuuiu u;;tc uur»\>uicu IUI vcubci IU fciut. wells somo distance from tlio beach. In the sonth-west monsoon too Kudat had a reputation for being a feverish land, and certainly with some reason. Still, the harbor is good, and the township well laid out. As tho colony progresses Kudat will douhtlass tako its placo, as from its position it seems the natural depot for tlio produce of tlie rivera running into the sea to tlio westward of TaujoSg Sngnt. The placo is still the head quarters of tlie Resident of the district, and with him aro a doctor (who also acts as magistrate) and a treasurer. We walk up to the Residency, which wa« formerly Government House, aud are fortunate iu finding files of somo of tho latest English papers, aud after partaking of afternoon tea stroll back to the steamer. Leaving Kndatin tho evening wo soon pass the north-west point of Borneo, and head to tho southward, passing the Tatnpasuk and Padossan rivers, the dwelling places in these days of the descendants of the Ilianiin pirates, whose very name was a terror on the coast forty years ago. Now tlieir swords aud krises are either turned into ploughshares, or aro hanging ingloriously on the walls of their owners' houses, while their prnhus are turned into fishing boats or rotting on the tirer banks. Past tlio harbors of Abnio and Dsukan, with heir rolling black soil plains, whenco wo obtain a splendid view of Mount Kina Balu, past Arnbong, and we enter tlio harbor of Gya at eight o'clock- on the morning of 31st March, fifteen' hours' journey from Kudnt. If Kudat seemed sleepy and deserted, quite the coutrary was tlio caso with Gva, which ap peared all bustle and activity, piles of cargo awaiting our arrival ou (lie jetty, and a crowd of natives swarming over tho vessel's side as she made fast to the wharf. \Y"e start out to climb tho hill on which the Residency is built, aud surprised the Resident, Mr. Little, who had not heard the whistles and had no idea we had arrived. After breakfast we inspected tlio workings for coal carried on in tho island. Although there is every " indication," up to the present no seam has been struck. The native shop9 all seem to bo doing a brisk business, and the bay is stndilod with native boats going for and resuming with produce from tho mainland. The country opposite tho island of Gva has lately passed into tho hands of tho North Borneo Compauy, who have given it tho name of Palatau, and estab lished a Residoat there. Tho country here abouts is pretty thickly populated, and the natives appear to have takcu kindly to the company's rule. Gya is uot a large place, and tho means of diversion are limited. We strolled down to the gentleman who had the spirit farm, and made him produce some bottled beer aud cheroots, which we discussed while pricing some curios iu the shape of swords, krises and spears. The hospitable resident, insisted on our climbiug the hiil once more und dining at tho Rcstdeucy, and towards midnight the steamer blow her first whistle as a signal, and we hurried down to tiio wharf. This time the littlo steamer faced the sea on an even keel, and we wero soon leaviug Gya behind us and heading for Brunai Bay aud tho Island of Labuan. The night is dark aud foggy, and the steamer has often to slow down, while nt daybreak the haze is still very thick, and wo are unable to sec any laud, although we ltuow v.-o must be close to it. Towards seven o'clock the fog lifts to tho westward, aad wc get a glimpse of the mainland ueur the Padua Iliver, a new and rich ierrilory which lias just eomo into tho hands of Uie company. Until very recently this rich district lias boon lying idle ov.-iug to tho intertribal feuds with (lie natives of the different rivers, notably with those inhabiting the valley of tho Padas. Those consist of Malays, Dusuns, and, higher up tho river, Maruts, u tribo whoso chief idiosyncrasy ajipears to be that they covet their neigh bors' heads — an uncomfortable sort of peccadillo in a neighbor, and one not contem- i luted iu the Decalogue, When tho country came muter the sway of tho company it was some little time ere the Maruts could be brought to see that lioad-huuting ou the v.-holo was an irrational and uncivilised amusement. Early this year lliey took tlio head of a chief of u neighboring village, named Pangcran Boagsu, upon which an expedition, under Cap tain de Fontaine, chief of tlio military police, wus sent to chastise ibom and bring them to reason. This the captain did most effectually, burning the offending village and bringing tho chief offenders back with him to Saadakan. The lesson proved salutary, and the Padas River is now being opened up, and bids fair to be the muhL jiruuULuiu iviniuijf in tuv Luuijidui xi abounds with jungla produce of all sorts, and, according to nativo eccouuts, the head of tba river ia rich in minerals. The boundary adjoins the independent kingdom of Bruuai, from tho Sultan of which place the lands now he'.d by tiie company were originally acquired. Bruuai, in its paiuiy days, was one of the finest cities in the eastern seas, but uow it is but a ghost of its former self. However, I sliail have much to say of the Brunai of to-day in a future paper. The people of Padas, by this time, are completely reconciled to their European rulers, and anything but sorry that their allegiance to Brunai, albeit nominal at the best, has been j tevered. | At half-past nine wc steam into the harbor of Labuan. The approach to the anchorage is ': piclurcsquo in the extreme. Large groves of 1 cusuarina trees and cocoa nuts, a huge flat i well grassed, extent of meadow-iiko land, 1 the white bouses of the town with their red j tiled roofs, the quaint looking native craft of j every size, shape and rig lying in the bay, the battery of polished brass twelve pounders in j front of the court house, combine to make a j striking picture. Lying at the wharf is | tho steamer Royalist, a boat with a long ! history of service in theso waters. Built j iu England as a steam yacht, she was j presented to Sir James Brooke (then struggling to establish civilised government in the state of Sarawak), by Baroness (then Mies) Burdett-CoutU. The old craft could tell many I a story of hunting pirates ont of their haunt " in Maluda and Gya Bays, and nuw, in her old ' age, sbo is trading between Labuan, Borneo aad the island of Palawan. The cntrnuco to tlio grounds of Government House is far more like an English park than a scene to bo expected in a trojiicnl island almost on the equator. The trim lawns are evidontly beautifully kept, and tho huge trees givo an immcusc extcut of shade. Tho Governor being absent for tho time, tho house is shut up aad in charge cf a corporal's guard of tho police. This nou- ccmmissioued officer, however, soon produces the keys, and tho portals of tlie cool anil spacious mansion arc Eoon open to us. Like most tropical residences, the rooms are large spacious and well .ventilated. On the ground floor a large diniugrooin, panelled with dark native woods, somewhat the color of mahogany, aud highly polished, the principal article of furniture in onr eyes beiug n massive sideboard laden with glass and crystal — a sight that, after our two- mile tramp under the hot sun of Lubuau, at once insjiircs us to ask if thcro is auyt ing available to put into those glasses, and wo soon quench our thirst in copious liba tions of cool claret and water. Adjoining the diniugroom is a billiardroom and library, the latter consisting of u fiuo selection of books of all sorts, while the balunco of the ground floor is takon up with a large drawingroom, profuse in comfortable couches and easy chairs. On the second floor arc various sleeping apartments, ail modelled on tho same spacious stylo as tho rooms on the ground floor. Wc proceed to tub aud get 6omo breakfast, and while discussing this meal, news is brought that tho steam launch C.M G. (why this n'amo of all others ?), the proporty of tho Paagerau Tnmongong, of Brunei, and lent by that potentate to Governor Treacher, will euve next day for Brunei, with the Governor's mails, aud we can all get a passage in her across the Bay, 