tales and sketches. KALLAALO. A SKETCH IN BLACK FOR WHITE MEN. ClUlTER L Kallaulo had long 6inco lapsed into ono attitude— his head between las liands, his great tjts cast on tho ground, Bcforo bocoming flute worn out with fatigue and hunger, ho 1 taken somo interest in what was going on o too hotel, and wistfully had ho scanned tho wes of those who, from timo to timo, cnino own stairs, hopiog in each to see his master's. 0 had shown considerablo intorcst, too, at s', in tlio movements of somo gold-fish in a ®aatnro tank, which stood in tho passago, and 1 rom to timo stirrod them up to unusual T i'is black fingers — then bo had mused himself by feeding them with flics. " ttd 'onB wearied of these recreations, or n fow inquiries after his master (made "'"'"lertonoto tho waiters, who occasionally Intl'ii ® roPly). bad huddled himsolf up c most sheltered cornor of tho ball-scat. cbLm'r'"laV bcen a B'a'uo> wrought of Ir.vi'n 110 m0Tcm|cut, howovcr slight, bo- Tb„ 'nC' ho was u living thing, him PaSSOrs"b occasionally noticed odlv 80m l'c'ni? him with mero curi- davs l? n ow—a r"ity now a 0 fceii-r, CS0. p"rta ! otll(!rs. porhaps, with count nf »i "l0 lUtlo follow, on ac- chlllv a 10 unusually cold weathor, and tho PassL n wl,ich rushed through tho C feelings prompted 01 0,j .|7, JpaS3cdby' 118 did 010 Lovito patentlv hJ C y ot N0 tunuurity ap- lb lend tlm, ,n0t Butntiontly deop-grounded «n to luqutro tho reasons of tho noor boy's lonely vigil. Charley, tho boots of tho hotel — a good-natured follow, with children of his own at home — devoted more attention to him than tho rost, auil indeed took somo troublo to persuado tho child to go into tlio kitchen and havo somo food, hut finding that his woll-moant offers wore unappreciated, and that tlio lad stubbornly refused to leave tho place where " Missor Bragan" had loft him, ho shrugged his shoulders and left Kallahlo in un disturbed possession of tho passage. "Poor little beggar," said the soft- hearted boots, "I know ho must be cold on' hungry, but wot's tho uso o' tryin' to convinco a uiggor?" Nicholas Bragan, when going upstairs to "Tho Nallangong Pastoral Socioty's Annual Dinner" at sovon o'clock, liadvloft Kallahlo in tho hall, and sinco tlion, though it was now ten o'clock, had not given him a thought. Ho had done tho same thing scores of tiinos before, why thon should his conscience sinito him on this particular occasion ? Bragan was not a man who let his conscience come between himself and tho cxcollcut dinner which the society bad so liberally provided. Ha was, moreover, a subscriber, and wanted to havo his money's worth. With this object in view ho not only did full justice to the "ongtrcos," but had mercilessly " punished" tbo society's champagne to hoot. Mr. Brugan conse quently was rather uproarious, and at the moment onr story opens was intent upon get ting upon liis legs to oxpluiu to an " iulightonod Austrarlian ardienco" the requirements of that " noble band of pnthriots, o' which, bedad, oi'm buta mithrnbbloriprisintiUvo." As politics, how ovcr, were strictly tabooed (<« tho disbriputable varmints wcro afraid o' me, orr oi'd lm' shown um how mo counthreo is thramplcd ondcr the heel of a forren dyuastec," be said afterwards), ho was forced to resumo- his scat, and soon afterwards a neighbor, with a view to the general rcliof, prevailed on him to retire. Nicholas Bragan, from a worldly point of viow, was a colonial sncccss. Having started life as n shepherd, ho had in turn becomo a drover, a dealer, a wool olasscr, tho manager of a station, and finally a squatter. He was re- putod ono of tho best judges of a horse in Aus tralia, aud was not only a large owner of race horses, but also showed a raro aptitude iu turn ing his ownership to account. Although nothing definito was urged against him, his reputation was none of tho host. Pcoplo said — without assigning , a reason, it is truo— that ho was "a shady character," and no one who knew him cvor thought of questioning tho jus- tico of the verdict. His appearance in itself 6omewhat condemned him. His hair, which he wore cut closo to tlio head, was of a dull red, and out of it his missbapon red cars stuck out, almost at right angles .villi his bead. Though his eyobrows and eyelashes wore block, his goatee — tho only hair ho woro on tho face — re asserted tho domiuant color. His red-rimmed eyes were small and shifty ; his complexion, whore frco from great brown freckles, white and uuhoolthy ; his teeth uneven and dis colored. On "tho othor hand, ho was of good proportions : six foot high, with broad shoul ders, deep chest, and straight, massive logs. Ho was a notorious gambler, and wholhor "bucking against a faro bank" or "fighting tlio tigor," was an ndvorsary worthy of the redoubtable Barry Lyndon himself. It was with some littlo difficulty, notwith standing that ho had indignautly refused nil assistance, that Mr. Bragan rnado his way to tho lauding, and with blinking cyos peered over the banisters into tho hall beneath, vainly endeavoring to " muko out " tho weary lad, and then huskily shouted, "Kallahlo, you dog! Kallahlo 1" Tho littlo fellow leapt to lus feet, and with tho quick iustinct of his raco, casting his oyos upwards, caught eight of his mastor and bounded up tho stairs. Witlrtho aid of tho banisters on tho ono sido and Kalluhlo's slondor shoulder on tho other, Mr. Bragan made his way into tho club rooms ndjoiuiug tho hotel. Once thero ho subsided into nn armchair in tlio. cardroom, and his stertorous broathiug soon after announced that tho prepossessing Irish man was, to borrow his own phrase, " in tho airms o' Murphy." ICallaalo waited at tho door until his mnstor's rcposo was assured, and then, with a somewhat brighter faco, weut hack to tlio hotel. Ho seomcd undecided as to whether lio6hould again sit down on tlio hall scat wlion, happily for him, his indecision was cut short by tho friendly boots, who, seeing tho lad's eagor faco as ho pooped down tho passage leading to tho kitchen, caught hold of him, and literally carried him to his victuals. Kallahlo did not offer any serious opposition to Charley's coercion. His duties, for somo hours at least, wcro ovor, so bo resigned himself, if ono can uso tho term resignation of that which gives enjoyment, to sucb ploasnro as is to bo extracted by a hungry ind from cold boiled hoof. Tho result seemed satisfactory to Kallahlo, whoso features assumed a much more pleasant look aftor discussion of tho hoof m question. IIo know that ho would not i bo wanted for hours to come, so, tho beef finished, ho put lus head back against tho wall— ho was used to no softer pillow— and tho heat of the fire and his heavy meal aliko making himdrowsy, before long foil into almost as hoavy asleep as his amiablo master. Mcamvhilo tho hard words Charloy had used with rofercnco to Nicholas Bragau did not affect that gentleman's 6lumhcr, and it was thereby proved that if au easy conscience is conducive to satisfactory sleep a total absence of that commodity is nono tho less so. Nor was thoro any dangor of his slumber being interrupted at Nsllamtong, where his likes and dislikes wcro pretty generally known. If he liad-got into Iho Niiilungoiig club, a very imposing name for such an unas suming little circle, by a fluke, still he was a incinb r, und until ho broke the rules of that institution, an they were very elastic, his eccentricities, however unpleasant, must bo endured. Thjs fact was unwillingly recognised by Mr. Baudlo, tho local manager of tho South Sea Bank, who as a rulo dropped into tlio club of an evening to look over tlio Mel bourne papers, and who on this evening put his head iuto tlio card room somo five minutes after wards. Whatever Mr. Bundle thought, and judging by his faco ho. did iudulgo in somo reflections, and not of n fluttering nature either to Mr. Bragan, lie adopted tlio wisest course, and loft the snoring Irishman iu possession of tlio room. It must ho confessed, moreover, that there was a small section of tho club which woro glad of Bragan's visits. This was composod of tho gambling elcmont, wiio, provided a mnn played high, aud paid what ho lost, would overlook any deficiencies in manners, breeding or social qualities. Now, Bragan, with all his faults as a club innn, was a desperate plunger — the higher tho play the bettor he was pleased. So when ho visited Natlaugoug tlio "sporting " members mustered at.thc club rooms in Qniuton's hotel to a man ; gambling went on, so report said, night anil day;, and Nicholas Bragan was tho first to sit down at, and tho last to rise from, tho pokor deck or huzard tablo. Of this latter class were Goad, the mining broker ; Thurloc, tho local lawyer ; and Pin- kerton, tho machinery merchant, who soon afterwards camo in, aud each of whom peeped iuto tho room before he entered, as if to assure himself of Bragan's prcscnco. A moment or two later, Gerald Archibold, arriving, openly announced the object of his visit as ho passed the threshold. "Where's Bragan?" he asked, with a laugh. Tho last comer was a man of some 30 yenrs of age, with, wavy bright brown hair, light bluo eyes and a long blonde moustache. He was very short-sighted, aud wore an eye glass ; his face was round aud pleasant ; bis manner frauk and ongaging. Ho was admittedly tho most carelessly dressed man in Nallangong. On this occasion ho woro a short-cut coat but toned across tho chest; a red silk handkerchief round hi9 throat, very tight trousers, aud a felt hat rather picturesquely posed on tho side of his head. If Gorald Archibald's dress was opon to stricture, his character was also froquoutly tho subject of criticism. Whilst his friends re gretted that ho was "easily led" — fatal pliraso 1 — and that ho gambled aud raced, they woro forced to admit that his many excellent qualities made up for mauy shortcomings. But gambling ho could not resist, and tho news that "a game was on" would "draw" him iu any weather and under any circumstances. As Mr. Bragan still slept it was tacitly un derstood that play should not start uutil ho awoke, aud a general coaversation commenced. Amongst othor topics Kallahlo's case cropped up. Goad had observed him sitiiug iu tho hall earlier in tho evening, and luul been informed that ha belonged to Bragau. "Yes," ho added, "It seems Hie lad is his, though where he got him from f. couldn't find out." " Oh, as for that," interjected Pinkorton with a laugh, "yon havo only to livo in Queensland for a fow mouths to understand the process of black annexation." " So I'vo heard," rejoined Goad. "But does not tho Government interfere with..." " No I" said a deep voice from the doorway, " Tho Government might interfere woro you to bay a black carcass, but so long ns you merely appropriate ono yon are strictly within tho law. Should not your conduct ratlior meet with gene ral approbation? Sorely it is better for tho lad io havo a polished, typo of civilization liko our sleeping friend hero bcforo his cyos than he con fronted daily with' tho debasing example, which his own kin would supply. What a piece of work is man," ho continued, still pointing to Mr. Bragan's slcoping form, with a look of unmitigated disgust. "How uoblo iu reason I How infinite in fuculty I Tlio beauty of tho world 1 The paragon of animals 1" "Hal ha I you re iu form to-night, Bob!" roared Goad, whilst Thurlow anil Parkinson also laughed heartily. Archibuld, who was quito unaware that Raddlo's withoriug perora tion was not that gcntlomau's own,, with a rntbor grave faco assorted that "there was a good deal of truth iu what Uaddlo said," and gavo tlio speaker, who had thrown himself full- longth on tho sofa, a nod of approval. Mr. Bragan had boon awakened by tho laughtor, and now with a mighty yawn, a pro longed stretch, aud a sleepy shiver or two, bado tho gentlemen " good avcuiu'," aud asked thorn what tlioy wcro laughing at. Wo were wondering where you got that black hoy," Archibold oxplaiucd. " Thin oi'll jost tell yo how ot wos, mo hoy," Bragau answered, and ho thereupon procoedcd to do so. Ono night camping out in Queensland, ho was about to "lum-iu" when ho observed a black face peering at him through tbo hushes. As.it suddenly disappeared ho fired his revolver as nearly as possible at tho spot, and his shot was answered by aloud cry of pain. Bushing into tho hush, ho had not gouo far, when ho saw somothing movo within two or tbrco yards of whoro lie stood. "Bedad," said tlio narrator, with a laugh, as ho slappoil his broad kuco with his powerful haud," it was a giu au' hor jooy. an' oi'll ho hanged of oi liad'ut pinked tho onld woman in tho cairf o' tho log. Et was tho luckiest thing in the wurruld, for oi wantod n black bhoy baad. Tho ould woman jest howled whin oi took um away nixt day, out," Mr. Bragan laughed here as if it were a very good joke, " sho cuiln't toiler mo fur her gamo log." A dark cloud was gathering on Archibald's usually good-natured brow, but Bragan did not sco it, aud gavo, with ovidoat enjoyment, fur ther particulars. At first Kallahlo,— which was surely strange in a black child — had taken very much to heart the separation from his mother ; had repeatedly tried to run away ; had for days refused food ; and had wept bitterly. " But oi soon cured tlio young varmint of his tricks," said his master, " torr whoa tho young divil ud troi nn' run Rway, oi jest toyed (tied) uin up to tho girrths o' mo liorso, an' in a foretnight oi lied um hroken-in, Iu that toirao, gintlciucn, oi hud um so quiet that lie bad'nt a kick left in um, an' follored mo loiko a dog." " Ho followed you liko a dog, because yon treated him like one," drily observed Buddie, Bragau joined iu the laughter, which greeted this sally, hut without any hcartiuoss. He didu't like Buddie, — " didn't onderstand um," ho snid : — so. when Archibold inquired what age tlio lad was," his master sulkily growled out that ho didn't know : " he moight bo eight orr ten, — clcvin mebbe. Ef he had bin a hurso 0 could a toulil um by 'is taith." In order to settle the point it was determined to hare Kallahlo in, and when bo entered the room nil present looked at the lad with interest. One glance told thcin that ho was a mere child. Though he was uboat the hoightof a me dium-sized boy of ten, in physical proportions he could not be compared for one moment to even a delicate white child of that ago. His face was intelligent, it is true, but this was solely due to tho large luminous oyc3, which gavo the Ho to tho impression produced by tho receding forehoad, albeit so heavy ut tho brow, tho flat back of the head, tlio brood noso rising out of liis depressed chocks, and tho prominent teeth aud lips. His shouldors were unusually high ; his back short and hollow ; his logs thin and caiflcss. His hips were high and con spicuous; liis feet, which wcro bare, long and flat ; his chest narrow, .but very prominent. His dress was an ordinary boy's dress, with one exception. On his head, instead of tho usual hut or cap, he wore a scarlet fez, which, being perched on tho back of his head, cuused his ebony face to stand out in the greater re lief,' "Ess I Misscr Bragan 1" he said "Kal lahlo here." Chatter IL Now Nicholas Bragan was not a little proud of his influence over KaUuhlo, His brutal nature had hitherto repelled all, evon tho brate creation, though it held htm in awo, mani festing no affection for him. ICalluhlo was a new experience, and Bragan confessed that he did not understand him. At first lie had found it necessary " to larrup um with a sthrap" in order to cnforco- obcdienco, but before long Bragan realised that chastisements of tho sort were unnecessary. Therefore ho moroly '" kopt his hand in" with a stray blow from timo to timo, tho more cruel iu that it was totally un merited. Yet, strange to say, Kallahlo loved his tyrant, as wo shall sco hereafter, anil ono kind word recompensed htm for many blows. Thus, as tho lad spoko, an affectionate look gleamed from his intelligent eyes. . Achl ye'ro there, are yo, Satan?" said Bragan, as ho caught tho boy roughly by the arm and placed him in front of tho Uttto group. " Ho seems to have a variety of names," ex claimed Thurloe. "Ayo!" answered Bragan, with a laugh. 01 generally carl um Satan, tho' faith tho dovil's not as black as he's painted." Ho gave a great guffaw at his joko, and ICallahto, child-like, laughed too. This, howovcr, did not moot Mr. Bragan's viows, ami ho caught him a sharp box on tho ears. "Who arst yo to laff, ye young divil," he said roughly. This was a littlo too much for Archibold. "Bragan," ho said, indignantly, " why are are you so rough with tho lad. You would got just as much out of him by kindness as oy bullying the poor littlo beggar. I hold strong opinions on tlio sabject, and I am certain that more is to bo dono with blacks by gcutlo and huinaao treatment than by bullying aud ham mering them into shape." " Luk at the Govcrnmints wid their bnmane trnitmiut" retorted Bragan, "they've claired tho contnreo with it. Am oi right, Mister Baddlc?-" ho asked of that gentleman. Now Baddlo rarely joined in conversation ef tlio sort, and, if uppealcd to, always asked peoplo to "decide matters amougst themselves." But this night, to their surprise, ho answered Bragau's query. At first the latter was in clined to boliovo that tho speaker was with him on tho subject, .and ho oxelaimod iu a whisper of exultation, " Whaat did oi tell yo?" For Baddlo admittod that tlio legislature had been " uufortunato" in their trcatmont of tho natives. "In England, "ho -wont on, "pooplo would shrug their shoulders, and tell you that tlio re volver and tho brandy bottto had effected this decimation, but I say without hesitutiou that the blacks have boon killed with kiuduess. Onco paternal Government took it into its charitable out uurcasoning head that distinctions in the maimer of living were to cease, and that 'if bricks and mortar were indispensable, for a whito man's health, a black should nb fongor bo pormittod to live in a inia-min, tho fato of the blacks was scaled. Taken from their natural life in tho hush, they Iccamo a prey to thoso ills that whito flesh is specially heir to, aud consumption, to namo only one aihnont, tho outcome of this mistakon benevoloncc, has alono slain its tliousauds." Bragan rubbed his fat hands together, and gave a triumphant chucklo. Baddlo, who noticed tlio action, abandoned liis recumbent attitudo, and, sitting up, faced tho Irishmau. "Yes," ho went on; "I will go further, and admit that, liad this country boon colonised by any other European power, there would have been as many thousands ot blacks left as there are now hundreds. They would havo boon loft alono, which means that they would havo been permitted to livo. But if I fiud fault with tho mistakon policy of our Govern ment," Baddlo said, with iuilignation, as ho turned a withering look on tho astonished Mr. Bragan, " I would liko you, sir, to understand that I respect their motivos. If I condemn their procedure, don't run away with tho idea that I havo any sympathy with yours. AYhcu I heard your account of tho capture of that poor child, of your tying him up to your saddle, of liiu 1 lurupings' you gave him, by G — my bioud so boiled at your iufcrual brutality and cowardice that I " Buddie had not time to finish the sentenco, for, with a yell, Bragan lept to his feet, and wonld havo thrown himself on tho speaker ; but, quick as ho was, Archibold seized hiis, and, with the assistance of the other spectators, forced him back into liis chair, whore for a time he writhed, asking thoso holding hinj whether " they wonld hoar an « Oirish gintle- man's kyraktor trajuced," and rowing a ven geance on Baddlo so terribio that it involved no less than a total dismemberment of that gentle man's limbs. . However, his indignation cool ing after a while, ho became more tractable, and, as Baddlo was prevailed upon bv Arehi- bold to modify his strictures, champagne was ordered in, and peace reigned once more. But meanwhile Kallahlo had taken no unim portant share in the sculllc. He no sooner 6ttt Archibold and tho others catch hold of his master and force him back into his chair than, with a howl of anger, ho threw himself on Thurloe, who happened to bo nearest to him, and did his best to relcaso his master. Great angry tears stood in his eyes, his lips twitched, his whole form trembled with rage. Luckily for ' Thurloe's shins, which tho lad kicked vigorously, Kallahlo's feol were bare, hut still ho managed to make his presence highly unpleasant to that legal gentleman by means of his teeth and nails, which lie kept actively employed. It was only at Bragan s repeated command that the lad abandoned liis quarry. Then he cast himself upon tho floor, hiil liis face in his hands, and sobbod with ' passion. ' Whether it is that champagne acts mora quickly upon persons predisposed to its effect by excitement, or that they had indulged somewhat earlier in tho evening— cither hypothesis is possible — certain it is that the little party soon becamo very noisy. Peals of laughter rang through the quiet passages of tho club, and Mr. Bragan's boisterous guffaw3 mado Mr. Baudlo, who still sat in tho reading room, jump in his chair witii wrath, and baa ho looked into the card room his iuiliguution would not havo been appeased. Champagne bottles, broken biscuits and ' sandwiches, ashes and butts of cigar covered tho tables, whilst a formidablo array of glasses, full, half-full aud empty, occupied every avail able position. Mr. Bragau (who had indulged but sparingly himsclfl, had just concluded a speech, in which he had spoken in florid periodl of " tlio harmoneo tiiet now reigned soopraim in tho clob," and had proposed tlio health ot that "ixilent gintlcimui, Mr. Baddlc, wliost prisiuco would adaru anee societco." Tho toast having been received with musical honors, Mr. Baddlo, wiio (as a candid historian I am forced to admit it) had taken a littlo too much, replied in somewhat incoherent terms, in which he was understood to regret having hail a mis understanding with his friend (Oil ! Huddle ! Baddlo 1 Wo hod expected belter Uuugs of yon!), and to trust that nothing would in terrupt their friendship in tho future, after which Mr. Baddlo subsided on the sofa, where ho soon fell fast asleep. But it was felt by the -others that valuable time bad been lost, and without more ado they started to play loo. Through the .incidents of the play were exciting, and possibly an in structive moral might be drawn from them, wo shall not be tempted to describo bow Archi bold " took Miss in turn and out of turn, declariug on each occasion that " that was positively the last time he would do so : " or how Bragan, whoso temper did not improve as he lost, cursed his luck from start to finish, urging as a reason tho curious nori seyuilur that " be must havo killed a Chinaman : " or bow Thurloe " loocd the board " with a flush three- times in as many minutes. It had been agreed that the gamo should be " knocked off " at four o'clock, and ns Goad and Thnrloo were both winning heavily (Pinkcrtoa hail loft at two, of coarse a winner), they availod them- salves of tho stipulation, although they would have sat uutil breakfast timo hod luck been agaiust them. Thus it turned out that Archi bald and Bragan were left alono, as they had been for tho matter of that, many a time before. Archibold added up his losses and entered particulars in his pocket hook. He was the ouly heavy loser, though Bragan, for once, had lost a few pounds. " Well 1 1 suppose it's all over for to-night," said Archibold, yawning, "unless" ho added, laughing, as he pointed to Buddie and Kallahlo, both of whom, the ono on tlio sofa tho othor on tho floor, wcro fast asleep, "wo get Bob and your black hoy to join ns." Ho looked at Kallahlo as ho spoko. ' D'yo know, Bragan, I should liko to havo that little fellow." Now Mr. Bragan hail lost twenty ponnds. or so, and at tho moment was turning over in . his mind his skill at various games, with a view to proposing to play Archibold telc-d-tclc." Tlio latter's remark suggested to his mind a means whoreby ho might probably recoup his loss, or at tho worst not risk a further one. " Archibold, d'yo know Crib ? Ye do t How oi know ye'vo takon a fancy to the btioy, on' thot yo'd loiko to troi yer syste'em o' koind- noss on um. Well! I'll plaryo foriun ct yo'U put up a pony ngenst um.' '-.'.V . Bragan had judged his man rightly.' Archi bold, who nlivays acted on tho impulso.of the moment, jumpod up from his sent; the pack of cards iu his hand, took a crihhage . .board from tho mantclpioco, and sitting dowu,.'ciit the . cards, and snid, " Lowest deals. Twico round the board, of tourse." . Now, if tlio throo gentlemen, who had just . loft, hail beon present tho betting, if there had been any, would havo beon at least throo-to ono iu tho Irishman's favor. Archibold, though ho played much at cards, was no cnril playor, whilst Bragnn had a natural nptitndo for games of chance. But luck, at tiinos, langhs at ability, and from tlio start Archibold hold extra ordinary hands, which soon secured him a com manding lead. Such hands Bragau often as. serted afterwards lie never saw before or since. Sequences and pairs and pairs-royal were scored by Archibold in such rapid succession, that Bragnn had occasion to comment on liis luck in stronger terms than aver, and as for " fifteens". — the Irishman declared that his opponent was "inado of 'cm." In less than ten minutes, notwithstanding that Archibold bad missed scoring numberless points, tlio gaiuo was over, and Kallnhlo, who still, slept, unconscious of the important chaugo .in his career, had changed owners. As Archibold " pegged out ho jumped np from tho tablo, with a roar of laughter awoke Bob Raddle, and in a few ex cited sentences told him what hail hap pened. That gentleman merely rubbed his eyes, and said with a yawn, " Twenty- five ponuds, ch ? So that's the market raluo of the animal." Iu after years, when every incident, however slight, in Knllahlo's career had bccomo a mat ter of supremo interest, how vividly did "Archi bold recall all that had taken placo that night. Not only did ho remember witli precision tho particulars already related, but ho recalled how desperately Kallaiilo had fought, child though lie was, when with Bragan's assistance he had placed the lad in his buggy totako him to his now home, how ho had frottcd and sobbed on tho way, and how ho had sulked for days ' nnd days,' refusing food and crving bitterly for " Missor Bmgan." ' Yes 1 Archibold re called tho sliglitest details. Ayo I nnd as ho recalled them, blushed for very shame ! Chaweh III. Archibold's " placo"— it was too largo to bo called a " farm," 'and too small to. aspire to tho dignity of "a station," and thus was called " place" by way of compromise— was two miles ontof Nalldugong, 011 tho Castlcmainc road. ' Ardiibold bad been actuated by many molive3 in buying it, not the least of which was that on tho north, it adjoined tho Kallangong racc- conrso, for lie nlways kept "a nag or two" in tbo stables, principally "cross country" horses, nnd it wnsconvenient'to have a training ground in such close proximity. Seen from a distance " Tlio Three Creeks" looked a littlo village, for tho buildiugs were many and straggling, and covered a great deal of ground. Thero were weatharboard huts and slab huts, brick collages nnd wattle-aud-daub outhouses, sheds of all des criptions, and, as flio roofs of theso various buildings were as diverse iu structure as tbo buildings themselves— being made indifferently of shingles, slates and tbatch — a singularly piclurcsqno look was given to tbo homestead. The part devoted to Archibold's own residence consisted of a comfortable wcaf hcrboard cottage with red-brick chimneys, surrounded on nil sides by a broad verandah, ' This .was tbo lionso to which Kallaiilo, much against liis will as we have seen, was taken one morning nt daybreak and delivered into tho safe keeping of Bill Parker, The head groom, who received instructions to " treat the little beggar kindly and give him plenty to cat." These, tho words which introduced Kallohlo to liis new life, might he said to . epitomise Archibold's system for tho treatment of the littlo aborigine. But at first tlio system did not effect ihc results which Archibold anticipated, for the little lad made no response to tlio treatment ho experienced, but sulked from morning to night, and inoro than onco made attempts to rnn away from bis new home. Although his ingratitude excited Bill Parker's indignation, who openly averred that the right thing to do was to " hide him into shape," it only 6erved to increase Archibold's efforts to. con quer tho savage spirit by kindness, nnd be redoubled his endeavors. The lad had not been in his possession forty-eight hours before Archibold recognised that he was a mere child, and, with a true instinct, lie divined that perhaps a child of tlio lad's own age might effect what an adult could not liis eldest son was a boy of 12, and to liiin he entrusted the little black, telling him " to fceop liim amused and show him his toys." This was early on tlio morning of tho third day, and sure euougli when lie came home nt night ho found tlint the first step towards sncccs had ' been achieved. Johnny nnd KallnMo, who liml filled the hath up to the brim, were busily occupied with a miniature licet on tho surface, and, tliongli Archibold saw with an amused dismay that two of "tho vessels" wore none other than two of his felt hats, he recognised witli pleasure ihnt the first step towards his object. had boon attained. TVitliin ten days Kallaalo's conquest had been completely effected, and his inquiries after " Jusser Bragan, "made witli touching iteration during the first thrco or four days, ceased Altogether. His sullen look disappeared, and his merry laughter was to he heard about tbo placo from morning to niglit. With 110 small prido did Archibold communicate these facts to Bob Baddlo. It was not long before Archibold found that the lad, though naturally unfit for any work demanding physical endiiranco or strength, was nevertheless of considerable use to him. Thus : A neighbour's bull knocked down some fencing, the resnlt boing tlint three 'of his horses got away, and though a diligont search was made for a wholo day no (race of them could bo found. In this dilemma Archibold bethought himself of KaJlnnto, nnd determined to put to tho test tho reputation of tho Australian blacks us trackers. The result far exceeded his expec tation. Within ten minutes of tlio time he was " laid on " to tlio placo where tho horses had broken away Kallaiilo picked np tlio (racks, and then traced tlio rnnaways, without being ouco at fault, to an adjoining station ton miles away, whore liis delighted master soon after wards found them. Again, Archibold was an enthusiastic sports man, and would faco »nv difficulties or incon veniences to mako a good bag — being espe cially fond of wild turkey shooting. Now wild fnrkeys, except iu excessively liot weather, Whon thoy get lazy like the rest of us, are tho wariest of birds, and tlio sportsman has to stalk them witli tho greatest care. Not only this, but tliey are not easily seen, for they lio in tho long grass witli only tbo head exposed to view, and it fakes a keen and experienced eyo to detect them. Iliilicrto Archibold had been at a great disadvantage owing to his ex cessively short sight, nnd had always had to .fake afield gloss with him, and even with its assistanco "missed" hundreds of birds. One day he look Kallnhlo with liim in his buggy, and, happening to kill a fino hint at tbo start, ho found to his surpriso that lie had awakened In Kallahlo tho keenest interest in tho sport. Tlio boy's faco lighted up witli plea sure, and with eager eyes I10 Ecanued tho horizon. From tlint day tho field glasses Were discarded, and Archibold never went out shoot- ing without the little black boy. ITo has boon beard to declare, when tbo wonderful sight of (bo nliorigiiies lias been questioned, tlint Kal laiilo lias frequently " spotted" wild turkeys nt a distance nt which his powerful field glasses failed (o delect them, even when tho lad had pointed them out to him. Thus Kallnhlo had not boon a twclvomnnlh nt " Tho Tlnco Creeks " before ho was looked upon by its owner as one of his most valuable servnuts, and ho told Bragnn so (who happened to bo on a visit to Nallangong) with 110 small satisfaction. " Yc're welcome to 'uin," sniil the Irishman, nsho chinked somo sovereigns in liis pocket, which wcro tho result of a"gaino" the night before, whon Archibold, as usual, bad lost heavily. " Yo'ro welcome to aim 1 There's plcntco more ivliar ho come from." It was not long before Archibold found out tlint Kallnhlo was likely to be of soino ueo apart from irackiug stock anil stalking "wild turkeys. From tho first tlio boy bad shown a great "liking for "knocking about" the stables, and was never more delighted than when per mitted to ride n liorsc (town to the creek to water or round tlio paddocks for exercise. Archibold's practised eyo soon detected that tho lad promised to bo a' horseman, and from merely "riding horses walking exer cise" Kallahlo was promoted to nil oc casional "gallop" on tho training ground hard by, and in course of time ivns looked upon as a promising light weight. Not only did he ride well " on the, flat," but lie was also quite as much at homo "across country," showing excellent nerve and judgment and keeping liis horso " straight athis fences." Thus, within thrco years of' ' the transfer" truthfully recorded in the second chapter of this story. Kalnalo bccamo this leaning jockey of "Tlio Three Creeks" stable, and could " get a mount" from other owners whenever his owner did not require his services. In those tlircc years much had befallen of interest to us. Archibold bad been steadily going down bill. It was ill vain that liis' friends ("anil who wcro not Gerald Archibold's friends ?) entreated him in liis own " horsey" phrase to " lake a pull at himself," and for a time nt least to giro tip racing ami gambling. He still continued bis rniuous course, lie " swore off," as ho termed it, more than once," hilt only to exemplify tho (rnfli of flic proverb about "dicer's ontlis." Tho nttrnctipn was strong, Archibold weak, nud the slightest temptation scattered to tlio winds bis best resolves. His farm (it was no longer called " Archibold's place") was now on 11 much smaller scale, for nil tho out lying ground had long since been sold. He only employed half tho number of bauds that he had in tlio past, nud it was notorious in Naliaugongtliatof h.to Archibold hail borrowed money on bis standing.crops. "Dear, easy going, kind hearted, manly Gerald Archibold ! Von never wilfully hurt n living thing by word or deed, and yours should have been an easy life if good intentions nlways met with their reward. Bat you wcro not tlio first by- thousands who have "gone to the wall" because their hearts were too big for their beads. Tho excitement on the Nallangong course,' as tho bell rang for tbo horses " to weigh out" for the steeplechase, was unprecedented. Various causes hail contributed to this The betting was linusnally heavy, and had varied so much since the Melbourne bookmakers bad arrived nt Nallangong that ono could hardly . tell for two minutes together what was the favorite. Bragan's mare, which bad come down from Queensland with a great reputation, had been accorded a warm support tlio evening before nt Quinton's, hut after Bragnn — who, after all, was tho principal backer — had taken all the money lie wanted, the marc " cased" a little; nnd Ironsides, a hitherto unknown candi date for steeplechase liouors,' bccamo almost as good a favorite. Federation, Lady Burcbo and AVnIcrioo, liolwitlistnniliugtliat they were frcoly backed, did not any of them at any time see a shorter price than iivo to one, whilst Tarantula, although Archibold backed her to win biinsoiue .£7000, did not " harden" iu the least, (en to one being always forthcoming when asked for. Tbo fact was that Archibold's litck was known to bo "clean out" (ho had lost £500 011 the first day's racing), and his friends, though' they wished him success, refrained from backing liis stable, whilst (lio bookmakers, witli a vivid re collection of Archibold's previous mistakes, laid against the mare "us if she were dead." How can ono put nuytbing on Tarantula ?" said Goad to Tliurloc. " When Archibold backs his horses they lose, when lio doesn't tlicy win — or sometimes do. I shall be glad if sbo pulls it off" (lie had backed Dynamite, Bragan's inure, so we scarcely credit the assertion), " but I shall leave lier carefully alone." So Tarantula stood at 10- to 1, and though good judges liked tlio looks of the mare iu the paddock they followed Goad's oxainiile to a num. Archibold, however, was sanguine that it was " a real good thing " for his mare, and assured those who asked him what lie thought of liis chance that " sho had only to stand up to win ; she lmd done all ho hod nskod her ; had all the best of the weights ; and had never turned lier head in her life." Still tho little group round tlio marc did not rush off to back jicr, but whispered each oilier tlint " it was a pity Archibold was so sanguine," for " they felt sure the mare bad no chance," Even Bragnn, who, nt Archibold's request looked at tlio mare, while expressing himself surprised to Hud her so fit, would not liavo her. " Oi tell ye, Aarchibold, 1110 bliov, ihel ye'er tlirowiu' ycr monoy away. Oi'vo "bin kccpin' the bee inare," lie whispered in hi3 car, " for six months, an' of sho itoau't win oi'il cut her throat. Yo needn't bo pcrticklcr 'bout tbo goith," ho said, with a sneer and a laugh to Kallan'lo, as lie turned nivay, " forr ye're not in it vo black divil." If looks could kill, those which Kallnhlo cast at tho Irishman would liavo been dangerous. For the black boy was tlio ono person besides tlio owner who bolicvcd'iu the marc's chance. With an angry look still lurking in his great oyes lio turned to his master, anil eagerly lis tened to tlio instructions ivliicli tho latter gave him, as lio looked over tho girths before nivine him " a leg up." "Keen hold of- her head at first, Knl mv boy 1 Keep lier well In band 1" Archibold said anxiously. " Aud whatever you do get a good place. Though you don't really wnnt a lead, it would bo as well to have ono over tho first two or three fences. Bo careful of Act won, ho's a beggar to refuse, and that flat-sided brute there," lio pointed to Nancy Leo, who was mounted and passing at tlio moment, "is none loo honest, so steer clear of her. Kcop with your field, unless you have them beaten from tlio start, when you can toko tlicm along » hit, ho snid ns n parting instruction, for luillaulo was in tho saddle, "until you get tivo fences from homo, nnd then como aiyay for you vc got the foot of everything. Amli/wit cat j'. I don't wnnt a finish 011 tlio post. ; Ijo leu the maro out to tbo course, watched her for a moment ns slie walked down it, aud tlion passed through the littlo wicket which led to Iho grand stand enclosure. Bragan was standing tlicro ns ho arrived. " Holy mother 1" tlio latter cried, not recog nising Tarantula, who just then swopt past in her preliminary cantor. " Whnnt s thet, Archibold? Tlict's a rani good goer. Ann wlion Archibold, whoso liopo roso nt Bragan s prniso, for bis opinion' was second To_ none, told tlio latter it was Tarantula, the Irishman put his glasses on the marc agnin, and ex pressed liis willingness" to savo fifty, to which arrangement Archibold readily acceded. Presently tlicro was a general murmur, ns Dynamite, Bragan's famous Queensland mare, passed by. ncr skin sliono liko satin, and as sho crept along with her hoofs almost shaving tlio turf, nnd with her noss curved into her chest, sbo looked the picture of a racehorse. A general chorus of approval greeted her cantor. "Bcdntl," said limgan confidentially to Archibold, who bad noticed ihe marc's pre liminary ivitli a sinking heart, " Sbo's as fit as hands can mnko her, an' sbo'll tako a ileal o' bnatiu', Archibald, mo bhoy, "which Archibald, poor fellow, . confessed "she would. Tlio rest of ' tbo ennters did liot ovidcntly impress Mr. Bragan much, for lie turned once moro to his neighbor, and snid, " There's only the two of ns in it, rao bhoy, and yc'il rim s: condi" And again Archibold felt an inde finable conviction that Bragan's rough words would como true: > Now all preparations core over, and tlio horses aro nt the sinrting post, and in a miniitb will bo off. Archibold will remember this moment to tlic last (lav of his life ! Iu after days ho recalls how, witli a nervous hand, I10 wiped tho glasses ; hosv a prayer, tlio outcome of an agonised yearning and fear, almost found ils way to his lips ; how a vow to nover place himself iu such a predicament again should lie "only ivi nilmt once," was ever present in his brain. The slart was io take placo a quarter of a mile from tlio stand, which the horses wcro to pass twico before finishing, nnd Bragan nnd Archibold wcro iu a line with tlio winning post. Their glasses were rivet tod on the start, for the horses ivcrc almost iu a . lino. Suddenly a shout simultaneously roso from a thousand throats, as tlio eleven- horses wore seen in motion, and a buzz of excitement nud expec tation was hoard 011 all sides. " Tlioy'ro off I They're off ! Thoy 'ro off." Aetfcon, a ragged- hipped ronn, witli a nasty propensity for boring inwards, was the' first to show in front, aud, from tho way tlmt tlio boy was sitting back, it was cvulcut Dial lie bad liis work to do to bold him, and Federation, also hard held, for ho too was a tearing brute, was on his quarter. Then cuinc a cluster, headed by Tarantula 011 tho inside, consisting of Iron sides, Waterloo and Rupert. Eight lengths off came Dynamite, sweeping along with perfect stride, and, in tho rear and in a line, Lady Bnrcoo, Tom Bowling and Nancy Leo. As each horso negotiated the first fonco in safety, a nonrsc "over ikoko irom 1110 spectators, ana when tlicy all. cleared tho second feijce, tho last lieforc'fho formidable doable in front of tho stand, enthusiastic cheers and clnppiug of hands broke from the onlookers. Now they streamed round the bend, and attention'wns concentrated on the first fcnco of " tho big double," for which the Nallongong racecourse is famous. Actrcon and Federation — the boys on both seeming to havo more than they ronhl do to hold them— had widened tho giip between themselves and tho field, and now raced at it as if tliey were hurdles. As they rose tlicro was :i moment of suspense, and'then a cry of "down" proclaimed tlic fact that tlio first accident hud happened. Actieon had struck liis chest, and turned over iu the air, luckily throwing his rider clear,- who, how ever, laid nil his back and did not. move. Federation had merely blundered 011 to liis head, and the lad, who mailb a wonderful " re covery, "had liim "going" again in a trice, amidst tlio cheers of tlio crowd. Kulluiilo's quick eyes had bocn tlio first to sec the mishap, and lio improved his position, and initilo for tho broken poach l'atldy Ryan; on Bragan's marc, also secured a better place, but Dynamite ran down tlio fence, aud took it at last in a style which anything but pleased her owner. " "Whnnt iver cs tho lad doin' wid her?" ho growled. Archibold, whoso eyes never left a blue and gold jacket, did not answer. Willi a feeling of relief ho was only conscious that liis mnrp was going splendidly, nnd "lopping like a cat." Ho heard voices round I11111 as the innro took tho double in magnificent slvlc, say "boiv well she's going," "you'll win- in a walk !" nnd similar phrases, but be could not liavo spoken a ivor.l for liis life. Meanwhile Brugnu's marc— (banks to Paddy ninnngiiig to secure n place between two lioncst jumpers liko Rupert nnd Waterloo — cleared the douhlo without further trouble, nnd Paddy, who knew tlio course to a T, set sail after Federation, Tarnutnla and Ironsides. How ever, ho was not to catch them yet a while, for Kallnhlo, finding his mare going well within herself and jumping "over" tlio rest of Iho field, put on a littlo more pace ns they entered the dip by the creek. Bragnn turned liis glass anxiously on her nud tho stirrer ovidcntly was not to. liis liking, for ho mum bled more than 0110 onth, which did not cease when tbo next moment ho saw his own maro ruu down three panels. " Wlinat'll yo tak' for the mnro nn' yer bets ?" - ha asked Archibold. But Gerald, though ho heard tho words, either did not or could not understand tiiein. His brain was in a whirl and lio did not answer. Tho horses maintained much tho fiamo order until coining to tbo dotiblo in front of tbo stand for tlio second time, when Kallaiilo raced with Federation for tho lead, and tho latter taking off with Tarantula jumped into tho fcnco and come down heavily, whilst Archibold's maro cleared tlio doable " without putting a too on nnylhing." Mean while Ironsides nud Dynamite' wcro closing up, and tlio latter especially seemed going strongor tlinu ever. Sho had now settled down to her work, and was jumping as well as anything iu it. Ironsides, too, was poing comfortably, and " tho ring," in ivboso interest bo bad finally gone, seemed quite satisfied witli liis position, nnd confident of his ability to " pull theiu out of tho fire." Of the others the only ones with a ghost of a chance were Lady Burcoo and Tom Bowling, who were fnlly twenty lengths behind Dynamite anil Ironsides But Their chance became indeed n ghost of one, ns Ihe two latter, after clearing tho double in magnificent style ivoht away from "The Lady " and " Torn " ns if they were standing still. Down; ihc dip, over tho sod wall and tho new thrcc- rail, iho two went as if tliey wore ono horse, but still Kallaiilo lind a lend of them of somo six lengths, nud his mnro was going "strong." .There wcro many anxious hearts as tlio llirce made for the big thrcc-rail, as tlicy left the dip by iho creek. " Over" Archibold beard them say, for he could lmrdly look at tlio marc for excite ment, whilst pcoplo veiled out 011 nil sidca tlmt " Tnrantula had only to stand up to win." " Of 11 savo a hutldcrd will yc I two hundred ! three hundred!" Bragnn roared, as ho caught Gerald by the arm, and tlic latter gnsped out "Yes I" v'lmt did I10 care how much ho "saved"! Would lio not' win enough ns it was? Would he not ho n new mail, and freed from tho awful millstone of debt which was breaking his spirit, — ayo ! and breaking a dear woman's ' gcnilo, uncomplaining heart ? "Faddy is 'at work' on Dynamite!" Bragan heard Ihcin saying, and liis glnsscs told him it was truo enough; for " lier tail was going," and she was tiring every yard tlio' went. Still she was closing 011 tlio leader, and as sho nnd Ironsides roso at (lie big (lircc-rail the excite ment grow intense. But only ono went on, though both had landed, for Ironsides blundered on to his bend nnd both lie and his rider wcro too much " done" to remedy matters. Tarnu tnla and' Dynamite were left to fight it out. Paddy Ryan saw that if lie raced his maro off lier legs lie must get on terms with Kallaiilo — his only hope was to bring Tnrantiiln: down. So he "sat down" on Dvnamitc and used liis spurs ns only fie, iu ull Australia, can use litem. Now the distance be tween them was only three lengths! Two lengths! 'Tlicy ivcrc alongside! Then ns I hey rose at the Inst fcnco bnt one tlic hearts of the whole crowd seemed io stand still iu one terrible moment of suspense. "Five hundred you— — " Bragan lind got so far whon a shout of angry regret burst like thunder from n thousand horn-so throats, " the blue nnd gold is down !'' and Archibold knew that he ivas 11 ruined mail. "Bo a mail I" said a voice in liis ear, "nnd dou't let these harpies gloat over your misfor tunes," nud Bob Raddle, castingV.i anxious glance at tlio blanched faco and sightless eyes of liis friend, passed his arm through his anil led him nway. ' " Well 1 Oi'il be banged !" said iho Irish man, willi a great guffaw, ns, having scon his mare safely clear the last jumps ho turned his glasses on tho spot where Tarnutnla lmd fallen, " cf thet isn't tbo queerest thing I iver see in moloifcl" . Yes, Bragan ! It Was queer! Kallaiilo bad 110 sooner got 011 bis feel than, without making n singlo ntllenipt to catch tlio mnro (which, however, would have been useless, ns sho had got clean away), he started off as hanl as I10 could run for homo. It ivas queer that, with big tears in liis stupid eyes, ho should rush to Mrs. Archibold when lie reached home, and, placing his ill-shapcn head 011 lier knees, lio should hnvc robbed as if liis heart would break. Fes, Bragan ! It was queer. GltAlTEIt IV. If Archibold lmd been a sensible man (it seems almost absurd io consider such a con tingency nfter what Wo liavo scon of him), he would have yielded to the entreaties of his wife and passed a quiet ovening at home in company with Boh Raddle, who had stayed to dinner. But " tlio fevor" was on liim, and solacing himself with that pitfall of reckless mou — that "lio might ns well ho hung for a sheep as a lamu" — ho ordered Iviilhiiilo to put his horso into tlio buggy, nnd clrovo into Nullnu- gong, in company witli Boh lUddlc — Kallaiilo, who lmd never held up liis head siuco the after noon, crouching at his master's feet. During tho drive the conversation naturally turned on tlio races. " All my had luck seems somehow coun'ocfed with Bragan, Gerald said, bitterly. " 1 never played high until I met liim, and, if I played at anything, had my fair share of luck. But siuco tho night I won Kallaiilo. I liavo gouo from bad to worso, until hero I am at lust landed high and dry. When I think of mv wifo nnd children — that, if I go on like this, I shall be sold up, lock, stock nud barrel — that I shall even liavc to ask time of ' tlic ring,' it makes ino," I10 gave tho liorso a cut with the whip. " it makes me feci ns if I should go mail." If Archibold lmd rccn the effect liis speech produced on tho crouching'. figure ut. liis feet, especially when ho hod referred (0 The misfor tunes associated with Bragan, —ho would have been surprised iu 110 small degree. IGillniilo's eyes flushed with a lurid iiglit of hatred, but rarely seen there, lie clenched his hands con vulsively, and liis wholo form trembled with passion. " It's . rattier Into to Think of theso things now," said Radillc, scntbntiously. "Yon should havo considered them whilst tlicy could be remedied." lie paused n moment, then asked, "And yon are going to play to-night?" Archibold turned his face away from Rad dle's keen eyes. "I miist try to get somo of my money back," lio said in an apologetic tone. It was in vain (lint Ridillo used every argu ment to dissuado liim, — pointing out tho ine vitable ruin of pocket, mind, .health, spirits and future Hint his mod career was leading him to-Arcliiliold' was deaf to reason — " ho must liavo another try, just one more,". Then Raddle almost lost pntienco with him, and it was with hitler indignation tlmt I10 gavo up his well meant efforts. "When thoy reached Quinton's Ihoy. found the house nlivo with racing men, nnd Good, Thurloo and Co. were already there, "seeking whom tliey might devour,'.' Rnddlo said. Archibold gave tlio reins to Kallaiilo, (old liim to tako tho horso out, put him 'up at the stab'cs, nnd to wait for liim hs lio would' not ho going home till lato. Then, almost forgetting Raddle, I10 mado liis way into tho crowded bar, and by the timo Raddle joined hiin, a few minutes after wards, ho was " hard at work " tossing for sovereigns and drinking cliampaguo. At first his luck was good, nnd ho lmd " cleaned eat " three of tlio four with whom lie was tossing, but 011 Bragan joining tho party Gerald's luck " broke," andtliolrisbman, ns usual, began win ning. Archibold bad boon bcaton ouco by liiin tlint day, and, having n superstitious feeling that lie could not win from Bragnn he sud denly, to Raddle's surpriso and joy, stopped tossing. "Your luck is loo good for me I" ho said, quite sharply for hi,,,.' " t (L'l Raddles satisfaction, bote Lt k ff!" lived, for soou after n fmm... « . Nv"8 dint parly that a game ,,f |laJ,,ml H10 liti|.. elsewhere, mid Bragan and ,W u . l'1"'"! heard it than they were off. Tut' ,'1'' Wl»r Ins arm .through Raddle's „i - . u' 1'Wel car witli a hoarse laugh, slick !Tr'"s il!< I fancy your luck ! " 0 ' K tlJ "K< !«: The room they entered was a loair poking out over the stables, ''I'511"" lust, con A hardly see to the en! Uf ; , 11 was the tobacco sinoke. Wlin r "" got used to tho atmosphere (v- crowd-some silting, some standi',,;" na ' round a table, on which here ni gil>' piles of notes and gold, aiul J'"?6 calling out vhrncs wiih whicir;! ,''0.'1 Voic;' lie had been imfmnijiar, - L? ,il!K leaner !/' "I'll twenty to tea ji, l :l tCOr.C l,nss tIlt5 ljox 1" i. I'll 1 1 Yin! I'll lXy it ngftin!' Ami in,,! phrases were unfamiliar, 1 ttie voices, and the fares' n, I Grubisoii intimately, nnd heard him ow- I ""i'-i5, h£k ft? ft!®? saw daily ; but surclv that flushed niiT I faco was not liisl 'Anns were t ,n h' by thpso standing up over the heads ofT! I sitting down, and lingers trend, lia- ,i I element clutched the money they |n," ' I staked nfrcsli. Some of the pl„vc'rs j, , ; I of all sizes crumpled up between the fare" I I tlioir leit hands, whilst their pahns efitimi I with gold, Tlio faces of all wore iL ,,!? I bard look, and Raddle, as he eve,! them I ihn from such vultures little inircver imt'.' I could lie expected. ' 1 I Archibold was so well known that a i.!„ I was mudo for him at Iho crowded tuiil® fa ,C I was always found for poor Archibold), .J | seated the professional clement present clniiciai I round him so thickly Hint hc'lmd to t I room to breathe. Nor liml he to ad; fori, re I for ten voices at ouco pestered him aiti, I wagers, and ten voices nt once would ad I " the thrower for tlio timo being » Mwelltv I box until tliey laid got their laoaev on'."' I When he box readied Archibald the'din to I came almost unbearable, ami Ita.MI,. I the furthermost cud of the room to crapTaci, I it. His brain throbbed with the sej I bitter thoughts mado his heart ache as it kj I not ached for ninny n day. I What use would he served in- describis- jn j detail Archibold's play ? Are iiot th- fat," „i I such men all alike? ' Their lack is in tk 1 balance for a timo— sometimes phvV j fantastic tricks with them and enm-iu" their j fortunes up to the seventh heaven of expec;- j alien, then dashing them down to the lowest j hell of despair, lie held his own for n time, an 1 1 then for a time was in that uucerlain state of |.-s; I known ns "a little to the bad.'' flat plavinr. j as usual, without skill or judgment, he swi I became inipnlicut of moderate piiv and began I to bet recklessly, hoping by one lurty "main'' j to . recoup' himself the losses he laid already I incurred. But not one of his coups came < ff, j anil Bragnn, who watched the game wkli die j eye of a lynx, 110 sooucr saw Ai-chiMl Ixt heavily 011c way than he. plunged heavily the other. Whon Archibold sat down to play ho lmd liml over £400 in his jirche; in notes and gold, hut in less lima an hour, alien it enme to liis turn to " take the 1, ov hetound himself with only some £40, and this uimml V "hepnt on h'tslmml." His face was very pah | and beads of perspiration stood on his forehead, j His hnud trembled so that he could hardly place the dice in the box, eliciting from a little Jew who was backing him the query, ' Wot the dooso ore ycr fumbling at ?"' ami his voice, a; lio called tlio main, bore but a faint resemblance j to his usual cheery tones, lie hud stated, when j ho started " throwing the main," that he ha I iw j moro motioy with liim, and there was sonic little I anxiety ns to who would win the throw. It was j well known by " the ring" (awl most "( these j playing were bookmakers), that Archibald had j lost as much as lie could afford over tlic races, j and, though tliey could not resist trying to :c! I hold of liis ready money, tliey laid 110 inlcai.cn I uf lending him' money to phiv with shoall h" j lose. Bragnn had anticipated an awta.. 1 contingency, and had carefully put or "'! 1 penny into his deep pockets, llehadnii.ci'!1 1 his mind to toll a lie (which would nut ere- ' 1 nnvtliing) and say " ho lmd lest an I had with liim," if Archil, old applied to lain „ | a loan. , . , I Archibold raised the box, and in.n . 'T. 1 voice — the words whistling as tliey len I lips — called the main, ns ha brought tin. j beavily down oil tlic table. I "Nino to a seven !" . , I There was an nwful moment 01 snqira- _ 1 then a yell of exultation broke irom tn; I crowd, as tlio dice, nfter dancing 011 - I edges for a moment, settled " 1 showed a "seven," tho fata y I Then Archibold, feeling numbed ami -'A'.; I roso from tho table, nnd f1,,'1'".,,).;: I » ho had finished, his luck was out, F"' ' . I arm through Rtiddlo's, and left j'10 'ivj,. 1 tho door closed on, liim tho Iridi"mii : ,j 1 marked, "You blioys 1 ton nice toon, bedad! The . . j|i: I subsequent cominont, " Oi wonder I juice has won it, " was, liowcrcr, open I c'5,n- ' , ,v 1 '.. Onco moro did Raddle endeavor o i«- I Archibold to go home, hut wi lit no Wk j cess than before. Adeiillmdlm I and if for a moment th"Kw; ."J (i I deuce, visions of home, or th - ;(W j future ' ruin occurred to Jnm. <" y |„. j forgotten tlio next moment- faco homo, knowing. thc dclds hch .n,,, I How could ho faco his wife, with , 1IoT j tlmt ho lmd robbed her of lie . 10Icitat,v could ho faco his children, whoso' nn lio lind squandered, v',os /-..L/,' when t' wrecked? How could ho fneo /nw".' ,Jt; should ho away from 10 K""'1'?? do f« No I Ho would drink— hnt would ,, present 1— and when piny '''8 (o 0CC(, the ' would play again— aye, if ho l a B monoy in tlio streets. Ah I taw ' j ,1 " Bragan, old man, got up 0 B knows play.somclhlugl ' tAV'.jSpi',rco Crock, to nn acre tho extent of 1 « ., |pjnt; i! and, to a pound, what m lent 011 fe j good enough "to play ov ' 'uleaso A"b objects to parting with cash, io hold he " gets up " a game oUoo. (vI,:0 Did ever a muu ivm nt a „nin 1T,ren ho was on his last cgs, «hra'".f £uch,i,irt firo, liis nerves unstrung? V louK would 1 should win at siicli a l'uic,,l !!ttc„? Lot « bo before the lesson was foigol not, therefore, waste sympathy l0 corni'1011 bcivail his losses I g ffl' fate of meu so situated. U'S 0 jiddriuk the bitter cup to tho very d'\gt'four o'clock iu tho morning tho party . and Archibald, staggering to his foot, broke "I,- |,culj and trembling hand, took to lows. HO lmd w, J cntrv to make, for at tlio game of loo f ouo creditor, and tlmt creditor was hv in whoso luck twice beforo tlmt day had A better than his. Bragan held all his fr0 U'u, "no«utme to over 800, and thoy 1 ii „ it hnvo fallen into more merciless f s. Then passing his arm through Raddle s, ' I CO «s tlmt of ono who had seen a Id he went through tho passage to tho ft whilst Mr. Brngau, who constantly E 'cd that he preferred a sofa to tho host bod mr raade, drew that picco of furniture in front r 11,. fire, disposed his amplo form on it, and h ten minutcswas fast asleep. Meanwhile Arcliibold and Raddle stood iu tho wi,cre wo first saw Kulluhlo. The gambler ' the first timo fully realised his position. I'd to that moment there lmd been sorao |L( or ho had deceived himself with somo ' 1, .'apposition ; but now ho was brought Ze to face with tho fact that ho was hoDclessly ruiiioil. With many soU-reproaehos be oewaiicJ his position; bitterly ho regretted tisaraaaintnuco with Bragan ; and with grati- inlehe acknowledged the soundness of Ruddlo's aliic, and his regret that ho had not followed it To do him justice, his grief was moro ou lis wife's account than his own. for, though tho thoa-lit that ' ' Tho Three Creeks " must bo sold w-= bitter indeed, tho bare idea that his losses | hit cost bis wife tho roof over hor head, his children their home, wrung from him agouised dies of mortification aud despair. " To. think j that a picco of pnper iu tlmt bruto's pocket, "ho sail, 111010 than onco, turns my wife uud I children out of their honso and homo." I Seeing thnt Archibold was quito unfit to look | titer mailers himself, Itaddlo sot about goltiug j hi- friend's buggy for him, and went round to | the tlnb'es to have the horso put to. Kallaitlo | wis nowhere to he found, either in tho hotol or j the stables, and, after half-an-hour's exhaustive | search, thoy drove off without him, Archibold observing "that it would bo a fit "finish" for mcii an evening that Knllahlo should desert j him. "lie miglit ho grateful," ho said; "nt I least I havo been kiud nud considoratc to him 1" KtlliJo had tired of waiting about tho hall I end the passages. Ho felt slcopy, and stiff I to his fall, so I10 was not sorry whon tho I lights were put out, for ho had moro than onco, I wben Arcliibold was staying in town lato, I laten advantage of tho situation of tho coffee I room to have a nap on ono of its comfortable I solas. Thus thnt evening ho wnitod until the I house was quiet for tho night, and then ho I crept into the room, ensconced himself on a I soia behind tho door, and beforo long wns fast I asleep. Whoa ho awoko ho heard somo |. taking going on outside, and, for tho mo- I msat, being 03 yet only half awakened, I £1 not recognise the voices. But snddenly a I lew words in n well known voice caught his I tar, and tamed his indiffcrcnco into extreme tal snxions attention. I "Huin stnrcs inc in tho faco." I Kiilaalo's eyes fired tip ; his eager face bent B Isprard, nnd ho strained every ncrvo that lie B might not loso a word of tho conversation, B And at each of Archibold's exclamations of I r.iif apj despair tho lad's sensitive faco gavo I ifeitch that showed how keenly ho felt for his B taifnetor. When tho latter stated that his poor wifewould he turned out of hor homo Kxllnirlo's teilngs so far overcamo him that . ho could not restrain a violent nrovomont.of indignation, kiili almost led to his detection. Raddle fon- I osl he heard a 6oand, and askod in a loud tono B f M.io was there. Had ho looked round t: door ho must havo soon Kallaitlo, dark though it wns, for such a light of hutolit up his 1 , Sres "lut "10>' seemed to omit flashes of I p "e ., Arcliibold. stated that "ThoThroo teks must bo sold tho lad's emotion became repellent in its intensity. But his angry P f ccs I"1 j"'" a bright look of intelligence I f,f?''ahon h3 master finished. "To I „ aP'CC0, paper iu that bruto's pocket ,.n c'"luren out of their houso , did 41,0 apoakcr droam of B l- n - 1 - 2 Korc's were producing, B Jrr s ca" caught tho sound of the B a 1 cruBcl,0il tho crisp quartz B r-r'"5 .U- r tho souud of voices in URr,ation, which told him that lhiddlo was I hlVtcr homo- With glitter- I r'L invoful tread ho crept out of tho &«"Jed tho hall.. .A struggling S ?nywas fooling its way I iTi'M « ?, Rht nboT0 tho ''a" door, and I L? uiotaUic which tho lad hold fet»» lhe,dn to,d 'dm ho had no I 1 «» ,v'lh a quickonod stop ho cllb' „! i 0 Phages loading into tho B iito'tla r„tti "I0ment aftorwords peorod B « I E rm', , Tho Cro .was dying B f'10, ,fllful flatuo lvnllnhlo's B fcaermastCT6"';? sleeping figure .of his B with tis left inn W!i! on h's "ffht side B tt-h iS r?r tho, bac of tho 6ofa. tho B r and his heavy breathing B 'S!;eUuml TCniii,ir 1, hs fast asloep. B lath- erDt- u 1 1 b,s Hoeors embedded B 'n? Mon t i' f lbot6',cPc?B throat, and I ''toerlvthT t!VOj that raan— had onco I 'ilccce L T 1 parted from him— k' serviced bls "d's lifo at his I h.- Sear?,hed lh0 Pockets of H Ml, lest h'.j n'p tho contents in his I h torched .«! "Id havo missed anything, I bif,ecionsbMtTforox(tdlll<im' .Tll0atyinSup H bloed-stomii > « nocunty mthodeail B "angli Ho i,n.., 1 ho slipped fc«C, 1,0 Lulprscdxiato tho -toot. » fa? homewards, and B lEst»mu. ItE0113 6'.a1co hohiud started coilected in ii n"uin& nud I100'3 of Jf1' cared lullafilo for n" mu?dy ronds' But H ! would iiavo f„-„? ' 0 wator or the mud ? B I'T1 huiurc— tlmi , ''rc-would have wcl- B P?tl 'a his beWni m'ebt '"aud that B r ' lMhino m U1",Stcr' So on ho B hi in tho muddi ? ptiddlos, slip- B t( stoiies lmt i 11 3| '"hiding over I toihi5m'mdrivcttcdoieS3 01 a" hipvdimeuts Ji broad darlj,,!,! ? 0,10 object. It was 'Ivaago' fiin'ir Era f"rter3 on ,ho I w?ihcir. lc»ms to look 1,1!", tbem' Pullod B u S "li'bat ho mi, -hi 1 T ',n"i wouderiug B S? -at,Scrs' Kos too ' Naakervis, ol B Sn his houio, and \n alr?r"Jy "P aud B 1).' ' fr Job wok fnn w® aUaMo well, B v 58 "stand " . ond of sport, and would I lli '"tailed bim0 mfr " t Is9 ' ')ccr. But B «nd Job, itt uMraiju' 'j. lndood lio hoard m ratmS tho incident to his wife, said that ho wns " afcnrd that tho ncci- dent lmd hurt poor Hal's brain." Bill 1 urkcr, too, who was yarding somo stock, aud wnuted a hand, caught siglit . f him as ho turned out of tho road, and song out to him to como and lend him a hand, but ho, too, called in vain Through tho paddock by the houso, through tho garden, and across tho broad vcrau- dnh, sped Kallaitlo, liiiid-staiucd aud perspiring, and a moment afterwards thundered at Archi bold's door. " Misser Arch'hold 1 Misscr Arch'bold I " ho breathlessly cried. "Como quick; come quick 1 " Boor Gerald, although he had been in hod for half an hour, was lying awnko, trying to ovolvo out of his dull, addled brain, some means for tho reconstruction of his fortunes. But ho got no relief from tho consideration, and with a sigh bad acknowledged to himsolf thnt there was no hopo when ho hoard Kallahlo's violent sum mons. Jumpiugout of bod, ho rushed to tho door, when Kallaitlo, without a word of explanation, thrust tho blood-stained bundle into his hands, a beam of expectation and pleasure glowing in his oyes. With rapid fingers Arcliibold untied tho handkerchief, and, as ho uuloosoncd tho kuot, gold, silver, notes, letters, aud Bragau's well known pockot book, bis name in great gold letters oil it, fell upon the floor. It was tho uamo on tho book, covered with blood though it was, that told Archibold what had hap pened. Whon ho caught sight of it, with a cry of horror ho thrust tho nstonished Knllahlo hack, aud foil oil his faco to the floor. "'The Three Crooks" had boon sold, and Archibold's debts wore paid. It is truo tlmt bo might havo weathered the storm, for holping hands had boon hold out (|to him ou all sides. Ho had, however, firmly resolved thnt ho would seek n fresh field, uud begin lifo ag.iiu, aud even Raddle. — who would bitterly miss his ouly friend — did not uttompt to dissuade him. Kullahlo was to bo tried tlmt day — tried by a jury of British butchers, bakers and candle stick makors, who would deal out impartial justice on the evidence submitted to them, un influenced by tho prisoner's black skin. Thus, though tho case was not first on tho list, tho public thronged tho littlo court, eager to catch a glimpso of tho hlackfcllow who had murdered a whito man ; even women with babes at thoir breasts fought thoir way in that they might not miss an event of such iuiportauco ; and the crier of the court, though he worked indcfatigably, had as much as ho could do to keep siloncc. Null- nngong had not had such a treat for a long timo, and did not mean to loso tho most trivial detail of such a thrilling drama. As Archibold, palo aud lcadcu-oycd (who had boon accommo dated with a scat at tho barristers' tublo), scanned tho hungry faces of the oagcr crowd in the hopo of finuiug ouo look of pity there, ho dropped his burning head on his hands, and his heart sank within him. j Hold up your head, Archibold ! Go homo, ye vultures I Ye jurymen, go back to your trades I Kolhdrlo lies dead' in his cell, and, if ho is to be judged, it is by Him before whom yc all alike, whether black or white, must ouo day appear! "By Joro! tho littlo beggar has pegged out!" commented Thurloo ou rccoipt of tho nows. " Pegged out I Ilir ! ' Ha 1 Happy phrase, considering ho was won at cribbago i Ho died of natural causes, I supposo ?" ho asked of Raddlo, who had communicated tho informa tion. "Yes," answered Raddlo grimly, -'black men don't" die of brokon hearts." 