J t-JMlJIi;'S )DJI.1 'ltI ('MI'.C CM NY. O:: (of the laetge.t audiiec,- that has yct assembled in tIe oddl:lliws' hall greeted the appearance of Mr. Alfred I)Dalpir and his comnpalny on Tutlsday night, in the world-fnmols tragedy, liamletl, Prince of Dl)intanlo. No doubt mal;ny imllam g the large audience had read lhe iuinorllllO bard'si lreat work and were nlxious to hlavc an embllodied ideal of the piece; mlony otlhler probably had witnessed its performaluce oil prcriloull occabioons aend woreo desirous of comparing Mr. D)ampier's represelntation with Ilooe tlwy liha before seen. If souch were tie case, tiii formier were not disappointed, and the cnlll iarisolln made by the latter nust have\' beten favollurable to the lpilfoerinllilc unlldr notice; iil fact, unless tlihey had lihad he good forlan to witnCes the represeniations of tuch e(xponeats of Shake espoareo ai Macready, Brooke, Irving, or Booth, it is questionable if they finhd seen such ni xcccllent impersonation of Iiamlet as that to which Mr. Dampier treated them oni Tuesday night. lHis readintg howed that Ih hald given that care and depth of thoeght to thie part which are nocessary to the prodouction of Shakcsperiaiu plays. HIe oriduently had given dueo consideratin to Ilamlet's own instruc lion to the players, "to suit lhe action to the word, tlhe word to tihe action." Nor did lie rant or molth. To pick out his best srceles would be a matter of dilliullty, as the pourtrayal i only to bh properly judged is a whole, and as sUch it was ai high efourt of lhistrilnic art. lir. Dampier' deliwtry lthroughout lstamped him ao as an accomplished elocutionilt as well as a good actor, two qualitie notint always colbined. So warml wa his receptlion by tile audience that lihe was three timos called before the curtain. Mr. Harry Stonehamu assumed the part of Claudise, King of Decnmark, and his itmpersonation of tic character gave ovideoce of mucl thought and study. Hlis acting in the last scene was particularly good. Gertrude, Qecen of Denmark, found ani excellent repreosoentative in Mrs. Hollovoay, who gave careful ottection to details, and ipoko her lines distinctly and well. Miss f tussell was cast for tIle charactor of Opthelia, and showed It very good conception of the part. er cnoting in thi t framous mad n0ene1 was of no mnean order. Mr. . 1). l. Marsh made an excellent Polonius. iMr. G. Mc Kenzie as Ioratio gave an care fit interprelation of the part and ably supported the action of the play. Mr. HIolloway, in the dual part of T'ile Ghost and Laertrs appeared to advantage. As Lacrtes Ilo was especially good, and played the part in masterly style. The parts of Ilosencrantz and Guildouslein wore assumed by Mr. D. Drayton and Mr. J. Stark, respectlivoly, in a very creditable mianner. As thI First Gravedigger, Mr. IHarry Letion was particularly good, and well illus trated the element of comedy with whlich the great master is wont to relioeve ven his moet tragic pieces. Miss Julia Merlton assuned the part of the Playor Queen, and Mr. lhosier that of the First Actor, in a manner well in heeping with the general style of thu performaence, and the various othir parts were creditably tilled. Much credit is duo to Mr. Dnitpiar for the com. plto manner in which all the arrangements con nocted with the production of this play were carried out. The dresses wore rich and quite itn keeping with the lposilion of the characters. Mir. Gunther, the business manager, was assiduous in his attention to the public. Last iight Mr. Julian Thomas's patriotic play, England and IRussia, was produced. This is an interesting draman , though it cannot be said to afford mutch scope for the display of any exceptional histrionic abilities. The plot is full of incidenout, the situations are goeerally striking, and theo tableaux effectivoe. Au additional factor in favour of the play is tlhe relations which have lately existed betweeoon the two powers mentioned, and Ivariols allusions are made to the patriotism of the English character. The peaceful and happy condition of the English subject is contrasted with the discoutonted and rovolutionary state of affairs which underlies ]issianu life and occasionally reveals itself in the form of a Nihilistic plot or a dynamite explosion. The moral of the piece ncrves to ihow that the stability hlld streogth of a government depond on the security and liberty it can afford to its people. Mr. Alfred Dampier had nn easy part as Captain Arthur Hamerton. Hlie represented Russian anets as they appear to an English mind, and he did it well. Jacob Petroviteh, chief of the ?hrd section of llussian police, was well depicted by Mr. K. Holloway, and the part of Colonel Poterhoff-who is in league with the Nihiliste and turns traitor--was eapitolly played by Mir. Harry Stonuham. Nicholas Trincoff, a violinist lato of the opera company, was undertaken by Mr. Harry Loston, and exactly suited the stylo of cting ini vhieh hIrt, Leston oxcolo. This character enlivens overybody and everything. Mrs. Edmund HIolloway showed her accustomed care as the Countess Vera, and Miss inthoerine Rassell and Miss Lily Dampior wore also successful. There was a good attendance, and the performance closed a sncceesful season. 