SPORTING NEWS. SPORTING NOTES. BY FLANEUR. The best laid schems of mice and racing men gang aft agley. Two of the biggest and beat planned schemes which have been lard, in connection with the turf for some time past went agley at Ttandwick ’'on Saturday, lest. ■ ■ - ... A good £20,000 .depended on the result of one of tbs schemes, and as it was worked by one of the cleverest divisions extant the simple way in wbisb daylight was let-in: .was almost as galling as the loss of the money. Early last week I noted the fact that Hubeydew was a big; favorite for the Flying and Contingent Stakes, and I declared my belief.,, that.. ho , would. .not get. a, situation. After - the 'milking process had' -well attended Cos, the Honydew was -gracefully retired. - - When horses of. the . Honeydew. persuasion are on tbe’win the public will’ not back them, but bo sooner are they on the lose than every body wants to be on them, and as a matter of course they afe'cS their'tomato', ,v ‘’l ■ : Corrigan's win on Echo was a good and popular performance,-but bis .Clarence, ride waa one ’of the ' most unsatisfactory shd un popular be has ever ridden. I think the mis take was equally as > unsatisfactory to himself as it was unpopular with the crowd. How tho favorite cross-country j-ck could have made this er/or he did, seams at first glance almost inexplicable, but I think the : solution lies in the fact that Indian Quern was rushing Clarence ~at the entrance to the course proper, and so in the excitament the treck was missed. . . Corrigan‘not only lost hia way," he lost hia temper, and when that waa gone he came 'down'with''his whip heavily on the bead of a ; disappointed backer. Hon. J -s. White’s Maecotte, a mare that was supposed to have rub ber Taat race on Qxeeu’s Birthday; was started, and won the Flying • Stakes in slashing style and/.slashiag time. Progress,-with MTvor up. won the Steeple .chase, and that serviceable colt Tom Brown, splendidly steered 'by M’Qrada, appropriated • the Contingent Stakes. That'. Archie has not lost hia place is ap parent by the coneiat-nt manner iu which he keeps running into a place. I shall expect this eon-of -Rapidity to do-Rii -6lectrio porformauce| one of these days. Sir -Patrick, the Dish: aristocrat' who was going to come Darby Kelly over all tbe New South Wales horses, did not enter an uppear r noce in the Steeple, the why aud tbe Whats-Ita-. pamo not being explained.. ■ When Royal Maid just did the Hunter tho other dpy-at Plemingt6n,one 'ofi;pur! sweetest and most dashing young lady sports remarked that close fipishes were her delight, - Why,” said her companion.: '‘Because.”- said the eweet one, .“ I do so love a tight’ eqnpez«." . Entries for the B pdigo Jockey Club winter mee-iug :will :cloie (this aftarndou; ’’4 is the hour in Melbourne, 8 is the hour at Sand hurst. ’ ’ . i: . I y . - A race meeting will be held to-d*y at Moonee Valley. The sport should prove inte resting, . To morrow, Grace Dirling,' Ghost, Peacock, Bpuoie Dundee, Ulvorstono, Little King, and tbs Lucky Hit . will be sold i by auction "at TattersaU’e. ’• - . - - : : Welcome Jack’s omission from the Mel bourne Cop entiy was. tbe result of 'careless ness. The stewards of the V.R G. will decide this ufternooii whether it will received'or not. ’ At the last meeting over £10,009 went through the totalisators. ; Mr T. D.-deon. the- Dunedin starter' is be lieved by New Zealand racing men to bathe equal of George Watson. The A.J.C. shoo'd.- impotthim. _ ; ; . Mr J. Pilbrow, the owner of Welcome Jack, and tiiq jockey Ray,' have returned to Nuw Zaalaudr ' ’ - The Auckland Riping- Club are : to have a new grand-stand, and. have accepted tbe design of ’Messrs Grainger and D.’Ebrd, of Melbomne, for one to bast £6OOO. : As an evidence of tbe rough’ weather the ring has had at home, one of tbe lending msn inlormcd a sporting writer that it was not till the 28th race of tbe woek, at Liucolu, that be had u win, and: that only £l2; whereas on the previous 27 races’-he had Host sums -'varying from £lOO to £5OO on each. Tnose who go iu for coincidences will bo In terested in the following:—The Liocolothire Handicap was won this year by Bsndigo, No. 8 -in tbe card. ’ Last year by Tduaas, No. 8. BtUiiigo and Tonans were each first favorites, and each, picvious to winning, had run secocd for the Cambridgeshire. . Tlio following ptiens paid for the following racehorses when- they were yearlings may prove intereetin?.:—Ringwood, 35 ge; Tasman, 35 gs; Malua, 40 gs; Stockwall, £5l; Sheet Auch .r, £4O; and Blink Bonny, £B5. Con sidering tho amount won in stakes and the present values of the hur-es. tbe breeder, Mr John Field, may be adjudged unlucky. It politics it ia said the .unexpected always happens; iii horseraciog from a hacker’« point of view, it happens too frequently; and in football —well it happens. In Melbourne on Saturday you could have got 4 to 1 that Hothum would do Melbourne; tad a 100 to 1 that they would kick a goal. They did not kick a goal and Melbourne- did three. As it was with H nhsm and Melbourne, so it was with C niton and Williamstown, only a g:e»t deal more so. - 