MclM^irlne. J *1 Februarys. :-3 The foundation §t«ne of thefiouffi Bap won Shire Hall wa£ laid to-day. ?Whe? speaking at the luncheon afterwards, Mr.5 Graham Berry said that if the colonies had been federated they could ha\e spoken to Earl Derby on the annexation question in a voice .of thunder-; but so joug as separate colonies sent tele grams of a different character, Earl ueroy uaa an excuse lor nis conduct. . Arrangements are being made for the conference of representatives of masters and operatives in the boot trade, with a fair prospect of settlement. The first forfeit for the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap was declared to-day. The following horses are left iu the Newmarket Handicap Malua, Le Grand, Welcome Jack, Archie, Mozart, Garfield, Warwick, Battailous, Soldier Boy, Sir Garnet, Blink Bonnie, Prom etheus, Conings'oy, Dirk Hatierick, Ironmaster, Helene. Meteor. Middle march, Duenna, Anglesey, Countryman, The Ghost, Meandor, King of the Gipsies, King's Own, Napier, Anchorite, Minerya, 'Mistake, Claptrap, Zeno, Dic tator, Pailieroo, Lord Wilton, Surprise, Amelia Victoria, Sheet Anchor, Bisbis, Salvo, Achilles, Sarabanda, Carbuncle, Sirocco, St. Johu, Espiegle, Hobart, Buckingham, Anarch, Country Boy, Velocipede, Mascotte, Town Crier, First Love, Lavington, Babicta, Lucky Hit, Coronet, Manfred, Xautippe, Prince Imperial, Bohemian, Berkley, Cannibal, Surry, Emilius, Premature, Bonnie Scotland, Bonnie Dundee, His Worship, Waverly, Westbury, Marie Louise, Lepo rello, Pacific (late Bendemere), Lantern, Nuncio, Rebus, Claudine, Mookra, and Sutler. In the Australian Cnp— Com- mojbion, Le Grand, Welcome Jack, the Plunger, Guesswork, Off Color, Sardius, Coriolanus, Chuckster, Warwick, Gar field, David, Sir Garnet, Kit Nubbles, Hilltop, Stowaway, Anchorite, Ring wood, King's Own, Silver King, Prom etheus, Sheet Aucbor, King of the Gipsies, Helene, Quality, Buckingham, Despot, Hobart, Signor, Brown aild Rose, Bonnie Dundee, Prince Imperial, Coronet, Acolyte, Minerva, The Knave, and Sheela. An extensive system of fraud has been discovered on the southern suburban lines. It appears that certain ticket porters, by arrangement with the clerk, omitted to nip the tickets, and then handed them back to the clerks who re issued them. A large meeting of manufacturers was held at the Athenseum on Monday after noon, the object being to assist the boot manufacturers in the present lock-out, and also to organise a system for mutual protection. Mr. Bruce, who took the chair, laid all the blame in connection with the present difficulty upon Mr. Trenwith and professional agitators. Mr. Mair, boot manufacturer, again repudiated the assertion that tbe sweat ing system had been practised. A motion was passed that the , meeting should ex press sympathy with the manufacturers in their struggle against the united trades in a substantial way ; -and it was also resolved to form a trade and labor council,' consisting of one master of each trade and one operative from each union, and that an arbitration committee be formed forthwith to settle the boot dis pute. The. Ballarat operatives have re turned to work. Both parties claim that a concession has been made to their view of the point in dispute. Over a thousand men received lockout pay at the Trades Hall on Monday. February 4. The South Australian Jockey Club has applied to the Victorian Racing Club for. permission to hold a three days meeting on the Flemington course in May next. A meeting of the Victorian Racing Club committee was held yesterday, when it was agreed to acoede to the request. The reason for the. South Australian Club migrating from Adelaide to Melbourne, arises from the circumstances that the recent legislation of the South Australian Parliament with respect to betting and the use of the totalisator on the Morphet ville course practically abolishes racing in the sister colony. At ameetiug of the Melbourne Presby tery last night, a motion was carried unanimously for the appointment of a committee to take steps on behalf of the Presbytery to protest against any attempt at annexation of the New Hebrides by France, and to present the Home Go vernment with a memorial praying Her Majesty to be pleased to extend her pro tection to the inhabitants of those islands. 