" Pear God; Speak evil of none; Stick to the Trutb ; and never be done." BRISBANE : SATURDAY, JANUARY 17,1885. The Beginning of the End. There are signs of the beginning of the end. The phasing of the Maryborough election is one of them. A Minister of the Crown was never placed in a more humiliating position than is K>. B. Sheridan, the Postmaster-General, at the present time. He actually has to beg quarter from an opponent, offering him the reversion of his seat in a few months' time, if that opponent will only spare him now. Dr. Power, who was expected, to be the Opposition candidate, and who was influentially requisitioned to stand, advertised in the Maryborough Chronicle as follows :— To the Electors of Maryborough : Gentlemen, — Having received a letter from Mr. Sheridan, informing me that it is his ntent ion to retire from Parliament in my-favor within a few months on ac count of failing liealth. I hare decided to withdraw and spare Mr. Sheridan the fatigue and excitement of a con tested election. I feel sure that my friends and supporters will approve of my action, and withhold their support for me until Mr. Sheridan's retirement. "What does all this mean ? Tt means that Sheridan hadn't a ghost of a chance against Power, and that he knew it. For months Sheridan has been dangling his legs at the Cabinet table, not daring to accept a portfolio, because he dared not face his constituents and risk an election. At last, when political exigency makes it imperative that he must risk it, this veteran electioneer crawls out of his hole by means of a begging letter to an opponent, in order that he may crawl back again unopposed. His present election is secure enough. The pro mised reversion to Power secures the support of that gentleman's friends, and dear, old, characteristic Pensrellv is quite harmless, and never loaded. Isn't Sheridan's position a contemptible one foraMember of " the most powerful Ministry Queens land ever had, sir ?" You will recollect Charles | Boydell Dutton, the Minister for Lands, sneaked a I corner in a similar manner, when he returned to seek re-election as a portfolioed Minister. He purchased release from opposition by pledging himself to vote for the Springsure railway. He had spoken of that proposal as a " gross political job." But he funked his election and bought a walk-over, by telling the Springsure voters—" Although I said ifc was a political job, and although I still regard it as apolitical job, I'll vote for the railway if you return me unopposed." So the compact wa.s made?. His opponent retired. Springsure wanted a lailway, Dutton wanted a walk over. That walk-over was bought and paid for on publicly-stated terms. I never saw two Ministers of the Crown occupy such mean and despicable positions in respect of [ elections as .these two men occupy. What possible respect and faith can Sam have in two such politically degraded colleagues ? Sooner than purchase seats on. such terms, any man of honorable political in stincts would stand a hundred defeats. 