HORTICULTURAL NOTES. Tlio Melbourne murkotlias again become too fittall for the number of gardeners who rcquiro lo use it. Xu the early days of tho colony tho western market was established, and for many jonis the gardeners had to stand in tho gutters, though a largo area of public laud was given to the corporation for market purposes, ap parently without duo restriction, and which tlioy used to their own advantage and not to that of those for whoso uso it was' intended, .whereby ility derivo a large rovenuo that ought to havo belonged to tho pcoplo of tho colony, and not merely to the ratepayers of Melbourne, as is Mw the ease, Then the corporation hccaiu possessed of the Eastern Market in a similar manner, and which they aro using in n similar way. There also tho gardeners and others had for years to stand in tlio gutters, for which tlicy had to pay all tho snnro as though tlioy were under a good roof ; and now it appears that a similar stato of things is about to take placo in the Victoria Market, as tbo stands arc already at a premium, and, ns mentioned in a letter in our columns n fortnight ago, if a stand holder fails to pay liis rent to tho day, another man, perhaps with a bundle of notes in bis hand, steps in and tho stand is let to him over the head of tho old tenant. Tho gardeners arc again agitating and holding meetings on ac count of that and other grievances, their desire being that conditions should be inserted in future lenses to prevent a man being turned out of liis stand without notice. Tlioy wish to have the names of applicants registered, and when a stand becomes vacant it should be offered lo the first on the list, and ao favors granted lo anyone. They have, in past times, been able to have their grievances removed, and abuses redressed, and if only the majority can bo united, there is no doubt Ihoy cun carry any amendment they may desire. . A bad report of the fruit crops comes from tlio Stnwcll disfriet. Tho turbulent weather that we have experienced this summer lias had its effect npon tho fruit trees, and we (P. C. News ) learn from Great Western that some of tbo vines will not bear anything liko the usual quantity of grapes owing to recent storms. One liail storm in particular that occurred a month ago did so much damage that one vinc- yni'd has lost ono third of its grapes. The plum crop too from tho outskirts of Slnwell which used to insure a cheap supply of this fruit, lias declined full 50 per cent, iu consequence of tho violent liail storm of last Soptember. The weather this summer has altogether bceu most phenomenal in its boistcronsncss It is to he feared that cabbages will become as scarco in the neighborhood of Melbourne as they were twenty years ago, when they were at tacked by the aphis. The destroyer at t lie present time is a very small caterpillar, only about a quarter of au inch in length, the pro geny of a small gauzy winged insect smaller than a common liouse fly. They have Been very numerous in South Brighton, wliero they have destroyed cabbages, cauliflowers and other greens. They have already spread over tho whole district, and are rapidly extending ; many gardeners have been obliged lo give up grow ing any of the Brassica tribe. The members of tbo Mortlnko shire council were mortified on receiving at their meeting last week a communication from tlio Secretary for Agriculture, informing them that ns the expeuditure for improvements iu the Mortlakc Botanic Gardens during the year 1884 was less than tho amount paid as subsidy during that year, no portion of the vote for public parks ami gardens for 1884-85 could bo allotted to tlio council. This was designated as unfair, hard and n great punishment for economy. Tlio secretary said, "We received X120 as subsidy for last year, aud ouiy spent £70 this year." It was resolved that the Minister of Agriculturo bo written to, explaining that the last subsidy granted was for expenditure last year, when £200 was expended. Tlio fanners in the Winnnera district are about to set themselves a task; Tlio Pleasant Creek News states that owing to tlio dovasta- tions committed by tho parrots amongst tho fruit crops throughout this district in fonncr years, and their provalcuco during the present season, steps are to he taken to provide for the united action of iho farmers and residents of Walhiloo with a view to the destruction of this troiiblesomo bird. A meeting of tho residents in the parish of Wallaloo lias been appointed to bo held to-day at Jlr. John Wesibrook's farm. Iu connection with tho introduction of British birds, a correspondent of tho South A uslralian Jteyister writes : — "In looking over nn old number of tho Leisure Hour for 1863 I came across tlio following significant item : — ' Tho value of tho sparrow in Australia. At a salo of English birds taken out this season to Adelaide by the ship Orient, one sparrow, tho solo survivor of 100 shipped by the importer, sold for 14s. without his cago ; a couple of blackbirds, not a pair, botli being cocks, sold for GSs., and a goldfinch canary for 35s.'- Tho sparrow is valued somewhat differently now." Chemical substitutes for gntta perclin liavc recently been brought to notice in Franco and Germany. A patent , lias been taken out quite lately in Paris which consists of boiling birch hark, especially tho outer layer, iu water over an open fire and concentrating tho extract by evaporation, after which there remains iu tlio evaporation dish a black liquid muss, which oil exposure to tbo air quickly becomes solid and very compact. This muss possesses all the pro perties of gntta pcrclia and may be applied to tho same uses. It has further this advantage that it does not crack oil exposure to the air, it is more solid, aud its production is cheaper. It may also if desired bo mixed with either gutta perclia or iudiarubber. Another substitute for gutta perclia for which a patent bus been ob tained in Germany consists of powdered opal, sublimed sulphur, oil of turpentino niul petro leum. Tho mass is heated in a boiler provided with a Stirling apparatus, to a temperature of 150 degrees Centigrade. ; It is then allowed to cool to 38 degrees, when it is mixed with a weak solution of cosino in ammonia water, to which wood spirit I1113 been added. It is then heated to its' former temperature nud boiled with a solution of nutgnll. It is stated that this ar tificial gutta pcrclia cannot be detected from tlio real article, nud that it wears equally well, while its prico is mtieh lower. Every English gardener has suffered from the doprcdation of blackbirds. These liavo been introduced to this colony, but they havo not yet inndo any great increase, though, iu Now Zealand, it appears, they havo become numerous and havo not lost their propensity of destruc- tiveness, for ns wo hear, complaints, aro mndo of tlioir ravnges iu tlio apple orchards in tho neighborhood of Auckland.. Mr. William Adumsou lins another nico lot of orchids from Mr. J. P. Roberta's York Nur sery, Kcw, displayed in his window in Collins- streotWest. Among them is a very fiuo speci men of what the Spaniards, when tliov found it in Moxico, christened Iloly Ghost plant, from tho flowers, hearing a resemblance to a dove; botanists call it Pcristeria clatii, from pcristern, a dovo. Tbo others aro Cypripedium barbatum siiperbum, /Ernies quinquevuliieruin, Zygopc- talurn Gautcrii, Pholidotn conchoiden, Snccola- bium Blumci and Oucidiuw l'npilio. 