TEE colony of Victoria has pardonable reason for pride at the position accorded to it in the money market in London. Tenders for the four million redemption loan, vera opened in London on Wednesday last. The minimum had been fixed at 99. Two things go to ehow the high reputation in which the colony is held. In the first place four millions sterling was required, but so anxious were the capitalists to secure a good investment that no IesB than over eleven millions of pounds were placed at the disposal, of the colony. ree." .Again/whilethe minimum was fixed at 99, no less than eighty per cent, was allotted at £100 13s., the balance at prices above that amount; the average is now known to be £100 13s 9d. Such a healthy state of things was scarcely expected notwithstanding apparent indications of a continuance of fieace with Bussia This loan is regarded as having been more successfully floated than the preceding one. There is evidently plenty of money to be had- in England, for it is scarcely likely that tbe sum tendered represented other stocks to be sold out to be reinvested in Victorian Government securities. The readiness to lend money to the colony is proof positive that the way in which the money is to be spent is approved of by tbe shrewd business men who do business on the London Stock Exchange. The anxiety to lend money to Victoria is evidence that tbe credit of the colony is of tbe highest grade, for practically our borrowing resources are unlimited when people are ready to lend UB three times aB much as we want. Tbe high price tendered for our debentures shows us that we are justified in asking and expecting full valuę for our money. Comparing the quotations for consols with the price offered for our debentures, we may be allowed to flatter ourselves that our credit in the money market stands higher even than that of Great Britain. Queensland, too, it appears, is in good favor at home as affording opportunity for investment, as on Friday last its twojand a bal? million loan was considerably more than covered, four millions being offered to that colony. The price too, was good , tbe minimum being fixed at 97 while £97 19s 4d was obtained. This was considerably under the price of tbe Victorian loan, but while the Victorian loan certainly should command a higher price, the difference should not under ordinary circumstances have been quite so marked- The Afghan question cropped up in England in one of its unfavorable aspects and had the effect of somewhat depressing the spirits of investors The reason fer such great confidence is not difficult of discovery, and there is no occasion to set forth all the desirable features Victoria possesses as a field for investment, and which have been admitted by the British capitalists on so many occasions. When offers of military assistance were made to tbe mother country by New Soutli Wales, Victoria followed suit, as did also iSouth Australia and Queensland. Whether euch an act was desirable or not we are not now considering. It was objected by many that by thrusting our troops into the battle-field, we at once as-< sumed a position as a warlike power, which we should be expected by other nations to maintain, but which we should not be able'to maintain except at an expense beyond 'our capabilities. The British capitalist evidently approves of the readiness. to take the field our colonists have shown, and of the extensive preparation fors war our We are rejrarded hv the ahrm\«dcst busi- J m tegHitel to the . t h e nest men o£ the world, as no despicable foe, tut well able to fake care of ourselvea and our interests, and therefore for his purpose " as eafe as the bant" The nonsuit points in the case of Roger v. the Malmsbuiy Borough Council were to haV« been argued in Melbourne yesterday before His Honor Judge Quinlan. Sir Johnston, who is retained for the plaintiff, was, however, absent from Melbourne on circuit, and an arrangement t between counsel was arrived at whereby arguments were postponed for a fortnight. There are loud complaints from the residents of the town in regard to the inefficiency of the present means of light ing the streets, which becomes especially noticeable as the night advances. Larrikins amuse themselves by jostling people passing alon^ the streets, and if a policeman happens to be near they apologise, ; and excuse^Lemselves by saying that they were not able to see the persons they run against owing to the darkness. If, how- ever, no policeman be about, the jostling is made the subject of uncomplimentary and insulting remarks, and afterwards of a good boisterous laugh on the part of the larrikins. On Friday evening a Jaige number of |he yonsg men of Malmsbury assembledfct the Town Hall for the purpose of formally enrolling themselves as volunteers or mem-' bets of the militia force. Colonel Aitken, and Captain Hooppell who had convened the meeting, were in attendance. Colonel Aitken, whilst feeling pleasure at meeting so many canditates for enrolment, expressed regret that nothing could be done in regard to the business for which the young men had assembled. He had that day received instructions . from the Commandant to cease enrolling militiamen, and it had been determined not to proceed with the reorganisation of the volunteers until Parliament had considered the question. Colonel Aitken and Captain Hooppell then fully explained the regulations governing both the militia and the volunteers, and were accorded a vote of thanks. Three cheers were given heartily for the Queen and the Efforts are" being made to arrange for re- opening the Collegiate School, til) recently conducted by Mr F. CS. Hinsby. Should the arrangements be successfully completed, it is contemplated re- opening the establishment early in July. It will be seen by advertisement that Silver Readings are to be resumed in St Paul'6 schoolroom during the winter months. The first this season will be given to-morrow, Wednesday evening. The- committee of the Kyneton fire Brigade are sparing no efforts to make the entertainment arranged for next Monday night a success. At seven o'clock the members of the brigade will f i procession, each carrying a torch. The Phosnix Brass Band will head the procession which will parade the principal streets of the town. Fireworks wili be burnt at intervals. A miscellaneous entertainment will afterwards be given at the Mechanics'. The programme will be contributed by a company of minstrels hailing from Footscray, and should. be entertaining. At the conclusion of the entertainment the hall will be cleared for dancing. The value of the brigade as a public institution has been made evident since its organisation on more than one occasion, and it is confidently expected that a bumper house will testify .'substantially to the appreciation in which the brigade is held by the residents of the town. '' " The Mosquito," who buzzes about the Beehive at Sandhurst and records liis experiences in the Independent, has read the ghost story which appeared in our issue of Thursday last, and propounds a ready solution, fie says—Ghosts have been active this week. A Ballarat policeman has been scared by one but it was no good of a ghost. The best one was seen at Kyneton. The manure depot and the cemetery there are adjacent. The gentleman with a bell was pursuing his useful occupation at the dead of night, with not a frieud to keep him company or discuss the latest cablegrams. With his cart $nd bell he was solemnly steering towards the depot, when inside the cemetery fence the ghost appeared. He challenged it, but the ghost replied with a tombstone. It was heaved pretty straight, but the man dodged it. He remonstrated, but this only the more enraged the ghost, who then began pelting him with tombstones. Such desecration of a cemetery was never yet seen, and the man, quite insulted at such treatment, whipped up his horse and got away as fast as he could. The Ballarat case was put down to some sonambulist in her robe de nuit, but the Kyneton case was much stronger. It was evidently M'Kenna's last brew. For the benefit of ^holiday makers, the Commissioners of Railways have decided to issue return tickets to and from all stations, suburban excepted, by the last train on the 22nd May. and by all trains on the 23rd and 25th May. The tickets are available for return up to the night of the 27th May. In reference to the early morning train from Kyneton, '* Early Train " writing to yesterday's Argus, corroborates tbe complaint of "Constant Traveller" which we noticed in our issue of Saturday. "Early Train" says:—"Ifrequently make use of the early train from Kyneton, and can thoroughly endorse his statement that it would be a great convenience if the old system of timing the train to arrive in Melbourne about 9 a.m. were reverted to. There seems to be a great deal of time wasted on the journey, for, on Monday, the 27 th ult., we were exactly half an hour late leaving Kyneton. but arrived at Spencer Street at 30, the advertised time, which shows the distance can be travelled mnch more quickly than at present." Sir J. A. B. Smith, the local postmaster, bas beenappointedtobe "theone other Commissioner of the Kyneton Shire Waterworks Trust," representing the Government. in the room of Mr J. B. Drummondj who resigned during his recent absence on sick leave. t The new appointment his been made on the recommendation -of the Trust. Our Little Hampton correspondent writes as follows:—" This usually quiet spot was disturbed on Friday night, by a' most unearthly noise, something between a yell and short sharp bark Some of łhe residents went out with lanterns to see the unwelcome stranger, but withoot Eileeess; as usual Heynard (tor such this' nocturnal visitor no doubt, was) knew too much for the people. Several farmers hear here have lost a number. of fowls recently" Mir. Bosekelly 1 lost, a number of turkeys, and in order to find out what kind of a beast it was, a dose of poison was placed in one of the defunct turkeys, and sure enough'Reynard was shortly fouud heelfc up with care. His species of vermin isgetting very numerous, 00 that shortly tiose who love the chaE& will find plenty of scope to test their equestrian abilities. In February last an election was held for a member for die OaalLetpaine Mining Board, which was conies teł by Sir Green-- hill, the late member, _aiid Mr Morris, another aspirant. Mr Greenhillwas declared returned ty vpf ypte, but election was subsequent^ declared void, 1 ground S there bad been _ personation on the part of a supporter of Mr Greenhill'e. A new election was ordered and took place on Saturday, when Messrs Morris and Greenhill again offered themselves. The result was the return of Mr •Morris 94 by votes, the numbers being— Morris, 550; Greenhill 45L Monday, the 29th June, has been fixed for holding the first election ot members of the Council of Agricultural Education. It is notified by advertisement elsewhere that? an examination of candidates for the non-clerical division of the public service will be held on Friday, the 26th of June next. Notice of intention to compete must be accompanied by evidence of age, of sound health, and good character, and must be lodged with the Secretary of the Public Service Board on or before June 2nd. . Friday's Government Goietts contains the notification that Monday, May 25, will be observed as a public holiday in honor of Her Majesty's Birthday. It is interesting to know that in Victoria, at least, a married woman may be imprisoned for non-payment of a fine. The question was raised in the Supreme Court on Thursday on an application by a Mrs M'Lellan to quash a warrant issued against her. She had been fined. Ł25 by the justices at Branshohne for selling spirits without a licence. The one was not paid, and it was then attempted to I enforce it by distraint,- but tbe police could pot find any property on which to levy. The justices then ordered that she should be sent to gaol for a month. It was contended on her behalf that the imprisonment was merely an attempt to enforce payment of the amount directed to be levied by the distress warrant, and that as the proceedings were not of a criminal nature tbe failure to pay the sum could not be followed by imprisonment. The Court, however, held that the proceedings were of a criminal character, and that the order for her imprisonment was to punish her for having offended against the law. The application to quash the warrant of imprisonment was therefore refused. Miss Flora Gallagher, o£ Inrerleigh, was (the Geelong A dvertiser states) the victim of a peculiar incident on Thursday. She was engaged in feeding a cow in the bale, and noticing that a bone got mixed with the animal's food, the woman goodnaturedly put her hand in the cow's mouth to prevent the foreign article of diet being swallowed- However, like the wolf and the crane in the fable, the cow ungratefully refused to accept the proffered kindness, and not only swallowed tbe bone bnt bit off the woman's finger to boot. The Portland correspondent of the SamiIton Spectator writes:—"A curious thing happened here the other day with a haul of haddock. A good net-full was taken in the bay, but when the fishermen came to secure them it was found that every fish had lost its head. I had one or two of the fish, and the heads were all taken off at the gills as cleverly as if they had undergone a neat surgieal operation. Some say it was the work of sharks; I say, nay. A shark would have hooked his upper jaw in the net before his teeth could touch the fish. How about a wary old seal or two, which would nip off the heads protruding through the meshes much as a dog would t" The JSchuca Advertiser says that travellers along the main road betweon Roches ter and Corop will observe on the comer post of a paddock, about a mile distant from Rochester township, a " most uniqae signboard," on which is neatly painted, " Notice - Beware of thieves, rogues, swindlers, perjurers, or J.P.'a." 'Tis rumored that the eccentric person who paid for this peculiarly worded ornamentation to his fence, dabbles rather extensively in ' litigation, and the Rochester J'B.P. laugh heartily when passing the sign, and remark "another good man gone wrong. 