CHURCH for the'CHINESE-at BOTANY. On Saturday afternoon Bishop Barry laid the corner-stone of an Anglican church for the Chinese at Botany. There were present :- Archdeacon King, Canon Moreton, Canon Rich, Revs J D Langley, Spry Bailey, Yarnold, Man- ning, Tavlor, Hill, Southley, Sproule, Fox, Garnsey, Trivett, and O'Connor This church will be the first of its kind in the colony. There are in the districts of Botany and Waterloo from 700 to 8OO Chinese, and of these about 25 are converts. During the past six years Mr Soo Hoo Ten, a Chinese catechist, has carried on missionary work in the districts and he is now assisted by six other Chinese who are able to preach. Service is held on Sunday mornings at St Phillip's Church. There is also a Chinese Young Men's Christian Association in Sydney, comprising 60 members, many of whom belong to Botany and Water- loo The following is the copy of a document which was placed beneath the corner stone - ' This stone was laid by the Most Reverend the Primate of Australia, as the corner- stone of a church for the Chinese, on Saturday, 13th June, 1885, being the 48th year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Lord Augustus William Frederick Spencer Loftus, K G C B , Governor in-Chief of the colony of New South Males, the Most Reverend Alfred Barry, D D . Lord Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia and Tasmania ; the Very Reverend William Macquarie Cowper, M A , Dean of Sydney ; the Venerable Robert Lethbridge King, B.A , Archdeacon of Cumberland; the Reverend J J Trivett incumbent of Botany ; the Reverend J D Langley, Super- intendent of the Church of England Mission to the Chinese, Mr George Soo Hoo Ten, Missionary to the Chinese in Sydney. The architects are Messrs Ellis and Slatyer, Fellows of the Institute of Architects, Scott's chambers, 96, Pitt-street, Sydney. The contractor, Mr N. Livingstone, of Darlington. The building, which is situated at the corner of Botany road and Tramway street, Botany, is of Gothic design built of brick with slate roof The front elevation to Botany-road has a central feature of three lancet windows, and flanked with pinnacles sur- mounting, buttresses, the gable being finished with a belfry. The entrance porch from Tramway- street gives a character to the side elevation, and the doors are hung to open outwards, in keeping with the requirements of the commission lately appointed by the Government to inquire into egress of public buildings, &c.; All the windows are filled in with cathedral glass, worked in ornamental lead, quarries and borders in two tints. Seats are of kauri pine, and the roof constructed with four principals, all wrought and cham- fered, and with gablets for ventilation, one to each bay on each side. The roof is boarded inside, and also the vestry and chancel roof. The internal dimensions of the church are 43 feet 6 inches by 23 feet, with chancel and vestry. All the inside walls are plastered and the outside cemented The height of walls is 13 feet and the height of the ridge 25 feet. The church will afford accommodation for 150 adults, and has bean designed with a view to substantiality and economy. The contract sum is £650, and the contract time for completion is 13 weeks. The following papers publishing in Sydney have been deposited in the cavity of the stone, with the foregoing description -Sydney Morn- ing Herald, Daily Telegraph, Evening ' Proceedings were commenced by repeating the selected lesson-1 Corinthians iii.,9-18-after which Jobn Young Toy, a convert, presented the Bishop with a silver trowel on behalf of the congregation. The Bishop then declared the corner-stone duly laid, and delivered the following address :- I am desired to say a few words to you to-day in respect to the dedication of this church to God, for which we have now engaged in praise and in prayer. There is always a great interest in laying a corner or foundation stone. It is a sign of progress in the past; it is an earnest of progress in the future. I am sure that the work in which we have been engaged to-day could never have been done unless the ser- vants of God gave their time and bestowed labour and prayer upon it as they have here. Yet, on the other hand, we are only laying the first stone-the corner stone-and that is but a beginning of the good work which we trust in God we will accomplish for the glory of His good name. As we have said, we have a sign of progress in the past, and we have a promise of progress in the future. Besides that, I trust there is always a certain signification in the laying of a corner-stone. A corner-stone, be it said, is always a type of our Lord Jesus Christ himself. He is called in Scripture the foundation-stone-that is, a found- ation on which the spiritual life and the security of salvation of everyone of us is built; and, on the other hand, he is called the corner-stone, as binding in one all those that rest upon Him-if I may say so-as a foundation stone. As a foundation-stone we recognise in Him the basis of all our salvation, and as the corner-stone we find in Him the secret of all Christian unity. My brethren, let me remind you that this represents the two things which belong to the right human life, and therefore to the right Christian life. There is the individual Christian life in which you are face to face with God, and that life, if it is real, must rest upon God, in and through our Lord Jesus Christ. Besides that, there is or ought to be an individual unity which bands us together. The foundation-stone tells you of your own personal Christianity, the corner-stone tells of that unity which is the communion of saints. It has always been a pleasure to me from time to time during the season I have been amongst you to lay these foundation or corner stones. I am delighted to see in them the progress of the past and the hope of progress in the future, but I have peculiar satisfaction in the work which we begin here to-day. I observe that in it there is a sign not merely of the brotherly feeling of English Christians, but the self-sacrifice of Chinese Christians for the work which is for their spiritual benefit. The English and the Chinese, as fellow Christians, are met together in the work of to-dav, and on such an occasion as this those words come back which occur in the New Testament-"There is neither Jew nor Christian, barbarian, Scythian, bond or free; all are one in Christ Jesus " I think this idea of unity between English and Chinese is the leading idea in this ceremony to-day. You know how much there is to break that tie of unitv. There is the difference of race from the far west to the far east and with the difference of race, and of character and habits belonging to them, there is mutual ignorance. We English people understand the Chinese far too little, and they, it may be, as little under- stand us, and there is-I must speak plainly-a jealousy and supposed antagonism between them-a certain jealousy as of competitors in the great labour markets. These things, as a matter of fact, do keep us far too much asunder, although we are now fellow- citizens of the one country, and dwelling side by side in this Australian land. What is there on the other hand that ought to bring us to- gether? If we readily understand it, even the sense of a common interest will do it. In this land there are all varieties of labour, and these will never hinder, but always help one another. There are branches of indus- try which our fellow Chinese citizens take up, and in respect to these our community would greatly suffer but for them. If we did but understand this, I believe there is a tie of common interest to band together in this com- munity all races and classes. Then, again, there is the band of a common humanity. In all and under all varieties man is one. There is a sympathy of mind and heart which makes all the world kin, and which, especially in times of trial and distress that touch all humanity, bring us together in spite of that which tends to separate us. The Gospel has shown that these two ties, the tie of common interest-often misunderstood, and the tie of common humanity-often neglected, are not sufficient to bind the races into one. There has been only one kingdom since the world began in which all nations are comprised, and that is the Church of God, the kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ. "All," says the apostle, "are one in Christ Jesus," and, you observe, in His salvation, for He died for us all, for the whole world, even for those who know Him not. There is a tie, not merely of a common salvation, but of a common unity and love in Him. If we are really to be one, it must be in Christ Jesus, it must be in that kingdom of God for which we are laying the foundation stone of a sanctuary to-day. My brethren, I earnestly trust that the Church of Christ will be true to her mission, which is a mission of universal brotherhood. I trust she will always stand firm against all jealousy, against all antagonism, which separate men from each other. I trust she will proclaim the equality of all in the salvation of God, and so help to bind the world in one, and bind it with golden chairs around the feet of God If our work to-day be in an humble way an addition to the work of the Church of Christ, then it has in itself a peculiar interest, and it is peculiarly pleasing. I earnestly pray that the blessing of God may rest upon this church. I hope to see here the beginning of a work which shall give to the Chinese Christians a ministry, the Word of God, and sacraments of their own. I trust that here the Word of God will continually show its power, the sacraments of grace their love-giving power, and that all shall be one in Christ Jesus, without distinction or separa- tion, in the house of our Father. May God grant this for the sake of Him who died and rose again for us, our Lord Jesus Christ, to whom, with the Father and Holy Ghost, be all might, majesty, and dominion now and for ever. Amen. Mrs Barry then presented copies of the New Testament to seven Chinese converts who had been baptised in St. Andrew's Cathedral. Mr Soo Hoo Ten returned thanks on their behalf, and also thanked the Bishop, clergymen, and ladies and gentlemen present for their attendance. A benediction by the Bishop then terminated the proceedings. 