NOTES OF A. JOURNEY TO dUARTZOPOLIS. (CONTINUED FROM I660E OF APRIL 3.) Near the summit of this grand old mount (Macedon), and on either side, tbere exist tbe sources of two different streams. The perspiring climber who ascends the southern slope can elake his thirst in a cool pellucid fountain at the head of Jackson's Creek, which stream wends its way between high banks past Sunbury and Keilor townships, till after a course of 40 miles it enters Saltwater River at Footscray> a western suburb of Melbourne. By climbing a little higher, the apex is reached. When a little way down the northern side he findshimself laving bis heated temples at the headwaters of the Campaspe River, which Howe in a northward direction for 160 miles through good agricultural and prating laud, till it joins the Murray at Ecbuca. Very refreshing, this, for picnickcrs who have ascended both sides of the mountaiu on a hot day, and who can alter such uphill labor enjoy a "drop ot the craythur" mingled with the waters of two different fountain?, in close proximity here, but which never after get any nearer, for they run away from, cach other, reminding one of the Mahdi and Lord General Wolseley. After Khartoum had fallen, the ?»£ahdi hooked it up the river to Kordofan, and the General booked it down the river to Dongoln. I'm just thinking they won't be able to shake hands in a hurry at that rate; do you ? We are now passing a spot where 29 years ago a pioneer gardener dug up a rusty revolver. It was never known to whom it belonged, nor how often it done duty, or how many holes it may have bored through the bodies of lucky diggers on their way to the city laden with gold; but nasty stories were abroad of robberies with violence, and of dead men and skeletons being found of whom no account could be given. One story in particular was quite harrowing to the feelings. It was said that some human demons had tied hand and foot a poor fellow, name unknown, down upon a nest of soldier ants, and left him at tbe morcy of those voracious insects, which ate tbe flesh irom his bones. It would have been a mercy had they knocked him on the head or sent a shot through him ere they bound him down to Buffer such a death, and let us believe they had humanity enough to do so. Dr. Livingstone, tbe great African traveller and missionary, relates that when the wounded lion sprang upon him and crunched the bone of his arm with its powerful jaws, he says he felt no fear whatever, and he believed it to be a provision of Nature that the stroke of the paw, which is invariably given, has the power to deprive the victim, man or animal, of all sense of fear or of pain. It is difficult to conceive, however, how a man could be worried to death by auts, and be oblivious of fear or pain. There dwelt once upon tbe mouut a man and his wife who went under tbe sobrigiiete ot " Mountain Tom" and " Mountain Meg." They used to visit the township (Woodend) occasionally in order to procure provisions and other other household requisites, and last, but not least, " to get roaring fou." Meg was a peculiarity in her way, quite masculine in appearance and manners, stout as a bag of flour, with an arm of bone and muscle that could give a blow, when wielded, like a sledgehammer. In using the axe in felling great trees, or the mallet and wedge in splitting posts and rails, she was nothing behind her lord and master ; while—if I may be allowed the expression—she waB the better man at rum and beer. They were not blessed or cursed with young mountaineers, and having only their two noble selves to provide or care for, they lived as they listed, tbe wife often helping her husband in tbe forest, or going to the town for provisions and grog—and she never returned home without a drop in her reticule for Tom. To see Meg " three sheets in the wind" was to see her in tbe " middle o' her glory." She would then go about from pub. to pub. drinking, singing, skipping, daucing, roaring, jolly,and"ahouting" for all around while the money lasted ; but woe to the man who got her into a temper, except he took kindly to a broken nose, a cracked pate, or a pair of painted eyes. At such seasons Meg felt strong enough to kno'ck'down two at a blow. Many a time has she cleared tbe bar of drunken a wipers, tumbling tham out pell-mell one upon another in a heap, then belaboring that heap with a stout mountain ash waddy. These two celebrities have long, long since gone to tbe " land o' the leal." R.I.P. This is tbe way Tom came by his death : In those days, when " lambing-down" was so much iu vogue, if a man entered a shanty with a full puree, but found himself next morning without a " tanner,"it was of no use accusing the landlord ; the result would probably have been a kicking on the seat ot honor out of doors, with tbe addition perhaps of a broken skull to the bargain. One Sunday afternoon ("the better the day the better the deed 1 ') Tom, in the absence of his stalwart spouse, who was too far gone in drink to help, gotiuto altercation with a publican about some money. The latter, raising his arm, struck Tom a death-dealing blow on the che9t, and he fell back with force on to a water-trough which stood outside tbe door; the spine snapped in twain, he never spoke again, and was lifted up a corpse ! Tn the inn there lay two dead folks that night—Tom, who had actually given np the ghost, and his wife, who lay dead drunk, unable to move. Next morning anger,"grief, and'grog roused in Mez that" vengeance which blood alone can quell," and the object of her wrath would as soon have met with a lioness robbed of her whelps, but by this tune the author of her husband'a death was safe within the precincts of " Wintle'i Hotel," there to await his triaL Subsequently he was awarded six months in Melbourne gaol for manslaughter, though the general feeling at the time was that six years would not hav<; been too much. The writer of these lines was a lodger in the inn that same night. All the parties concerned have long since left this wicked world—for a better, it is to be hoped— but one or two of tbe jurymen who sat on the inquest are still to the fore, whose eyes may happen to glance on these lines and bring the foregoing to their remembrance. Woodend lies well situated at the north end of the forest. It has considerably extended its borders and many times multiplied its inhabitants siuce I first knew it. It is the junction, also, of a branch line of railway that leads along the western slope of tbe Dividing Range, through rich chocolate' soil, by Tyldeu, Trentham, and Newburgh to Daylesford. The trees arc ot enormous size, and give employment to numbers of broad-paling splitters and shingle manufacturers. There are likewise many sawmills in operation throughout that wide district. It is a terror clearing land for the plough there. In tbe early days it could not be done for less than £20 per acre, but then that acre would yield 60 to 70 bushels of oate, or 10 to 14 tons of potatoes. The fact is, that only a Croesus with a bank at his elbow could tackle the clearing business, so that as many trees were left in the ground as were taken out. Only the picanniny trees, from 1ft. to 3ft. or 4ft. through, were tackled ; the fathers, grandfathers, and especially the great-grandfathers, were left " alone in their glory." But let us onward, or it will take us as long to get to Quartzopolis as it took General Wolseley to get to Khartoum. (By the way, he has not got there yet, the more the pity.) We are now running alongside tbe River Campaspe at Carlsruhe ; and here just allow me to moralize for a second or two. Had I my career to commence over again, I should wish to be like this river, as uselul to my fellowmen, exercising a cheerful, healthful, elevating, and blissful influence over all with whom I came in contact. What peaceful smiling homesteads line the banks of this river on either side for long miles! What flourishing, populous towns are built here and there onitB verge ! What numerous flocks aud herds, and what multitudes of people are dependent on its waters for health aud life and prosperity ! Fill up its channel, and sterility would take the place of fertility from ils source to its mouth. Human life is like a river. Some lives—like General Gordon's—shed a gladdening, inspiring influence through their entire course, and the world is made better; some live so much for themselves that when they die they are not missed out of the world j while not a few have died, alas! of whom the world was too glad to hear of their death. The hrightest gems in Gordon's diadem are the wails, the street arabs, the gutter children which he timely rescued from a life of crime and misery, and clothed and fed, and taught to become useful members of society ; aud now " they rise up to call him blessed." When I left Alburv district (last Christmas week) the reapers and strippers were busy gathering in tbe harvesl. Judge my surprise when I fouud tbe grain fields in "this locality quite green, with no sign of harvest. This is owing more to elevation above sea-level than to latitude. We have now reached the fertile district of Kyneton, at one time designated "the garden of Victoria," hut owing to long-continued cropping without supplying the soil with tbe constituents taken from it, the land became so impoverished that little elae l>ut wetda could grow ; wild oats, aorre), and take-all assumed the mastery. But the whole oystem of farming was revolutionised wheu there settled in the district such practical and scientific mea as the Thomsons, Mitchells, Seymour, Rogers, and others who hailed from the highly-cultivated countries of the Carse of Gowrii», the Forth, and tbe Clyde, in Scotlaud; so that for Btveral years past the soil bas been redeemed back, and has resumed its former productiveness, having been treated according to the principles of commonsense, which is more than I can affirm of tbe farming localities on the road from Albury to Urana. I understand that high-class farming, based on scientific principles, is now the rule where it used to be the exception, and no other kind of farming can be made to pay there. The district is also famed for its high breeds of borses, cattle, pies, and poultry. In an carlv edition of Dr. Johiistonds Dictionary the word " corn" wa% described as " food for borses, but in Scotland eaten by men." "Yes," said one from the " land o' cakes," "and where will you find horses like the horses of England, aud where will you find men like the men of Scotland T The same enquiry may justly be made iu the form of a challenge— u Where will you find horses like the horses of Kyneton 2" I would recommend our Jindera farmers aud oi hers to avail themselves of a visit to the next Kyneton show, there to witness the high breeds of Clydesdale horses, imported sires, Durham cattle, Ayrshire and Aldemey milkers, and Berkshire pigs. Let them take the good lady of the house with them, to see the wonderful capons that can be reared, the cznu-like turkeys (for size), the enormous eggs ; and let thetn taste of the great round delicious cheeses which the women there can turn out to admiration. We have now alighted at' Kyneton station, where we get 15 minutes to d-moliah a chop and swallow a cup ot tea. I am gazing across the river to catch sight of a tree on its opposite bank which I saw plauted 22 years ago 10th of last month, on the occasion and in honor of the marriage of Albert Edward Prince of Wales with the beautiful Princess Alexandra of Denmark. That was a great day in Kyneton; people for miles around came to celebrate the auspicious erent. Tbe proverb says, " Happy is tbe <bride that the sun shines on," but we had: no sun that day—it rained 4< cats and dogs;' but the wet did not damp our loyalty a bit, for some thousaud of us marched, with drums beating and banners waving, to the Gardens, whero the Rev. 0. Vance made a loyal speech and then planted the tree, amidst enthusiastic hurrahp, shoutings, and rejoicings. I had to attend a bridal banquet that day, in an inn kept by a good sort ol old gentleman and lady, and who were loyal to the backbone and spinal marrow, but they were both exceedingly nervous, irascible, and quick as fire and gunpowder meeting. They were good and kind to each other, but neither could master bis or her temper, and so they would often fire at each other like dog and cat. Their tempers, however, were no sooner on than they were off again. On the other hand, they were no sooner off than they were on acain. When I arrived at the inn that morning (I had ridden iu 10 miles) I found "rniue host" busily engaged decorating the front of his house with branches of weeping willows. " Dear me, Mr. A are you decorating your house with the emblems of grief on such a day as this! Why," I continued, "you will be reckoned the most disloyal subject in the town. This is no day for sorrow ; it is a day of rejoicing." The branch dropped from his hand immediately, as if thunderstruck. To question his loyalty was to question bis honesty, truth, uprightness. He bad scarcely time to recover the shock when bis good lady, overhearing my words, came running out with an iron spoon in her hand, and with a pair of great eyes which glowed with loyalty, and flourishing the spoon above his pate, vociferated " Ye auld d—1 ! Y*i big blockhead ! Ye dundcrheaded donkey ! Awa' this minit with these weepin' willeys ! Will you disgrace yourself aud me too ?" &c.;, &c.; I need hardly state that every branch and leaf was removed in double-quick time, placed in the back-yard, and covered with straw, lest any one might discover the sad mistake. Wicked boy I was to enjoy the snapping and snarling my words had occasioned. At the banquet table the little affray was quite forgotten, and none were more happy in their rejoicings than the aged couple. Their dust mingles together peacefully in the same grave. (To be continued,) 