A SECRET OF THE SEA. IV.-— IN THE PIRATE'S LAIR. To any one not accustomed to the sharp contrasts of American life it would have seemed impossible that Miss Dorothy Sargent should be the daughter of Mr Samuel Sargent. She was slight and graceful, delicate and ethereal, as is the wont of the American girl. He was solid and florid ; he was a high liver and of a full habit. His eye was very quick and sharp, as though it was always on the main chance, but there was generally to be seen a genial smile on his sensual mouth, not altogether hidden by a heavy moustache. He was at once a very smart man and a very good fellow. His friends often referred to the magnetism of his manner. He was kindly, generous, shrewd, and unscrupulous. Morali- ties differ, and Sam Sargent had the morality of Wall Street, and he knew no other : he would engineer a corner without a thought of mercy; but he never "went back" on his bank, and be never " lay down " on his broker ; and these are the cardinal virtues in the Street. According to his lights, he was an honest man, but he wore his principles easily, and he had cultivated his senses at the expense of his conscience. His father had skimped and scraped for years that the son might go to college; and was now living in restful happiness on a big farm near his native town — a farm bought for him by his successful son. The college allowed its poorer students to pay their way by manual labour, and most of the shelving and other carpenter- work in the college library had been done by Sam Sargent, who had since endowed the library with twenty- five thousand dollars. After he left college he edited a country weekly for two or three months ; then he turned auctioneer : after that he was advance agent for a small circus ; then the war broke out, and he raised a com- pany, and rose to be colonel of volunteers. Wounded and sent home on a furlough, he delayed his return from Washington to his Western home long enough to marry the most beautiful daughter of one of the proudest of the first families of Virginia. After helping to convert the steamers on the upper Mississippi into home-made iron-clads, he re- signed, and became interested in various government contracts. He did his duty by the government, and made money for himself. He put his earnings into the little local rail- road of his native place. When the war was over, and the railroads of the West began to be consolidated and to push across the plains and the mountains, the little road of which Sam Sargent was president was wanted by two rival systems. Sam Sargent sold to the highest bidder, after judiciously playing one against the other; and he brought his money and his experience to Wall. Street. A man cannot run with the hare and hold with the hounds ; on the Street a new-comer is either a wolf or a lamb : Sam Sargent was not a lamb. In the uneasy and restless turmoil of the Stock Exchange he was in his element, and there he thrived. Every summer, when stocks were sluggish or stagnant, the specu- lator sought other forms of excitement. One year he hired a fast yacht, and the next he bought a pair of fast trotters. One summer he let his fondness for poker run away with him, and he was a player in the famous game which lasted two days and three nights ; at the end of the second day he had lost 150,000. dol. but during the last night he won it all back and 65,000 dol. besides. No man could deny his quickness, his coolness, or his nerve. Of late he had begun to take an interest in politics, and he was known to be seeking a a nomination for Congress from one of the brown-stone districts : the machine of his party was all ready to work in his behalf. To attain to this honor was his one unsatisfied desire, and his heart was set on it. About three weeks, after the Patagonia had been robbed off the Banks by the Dare-Devil, Mr Joshua Hoffman's yacht, the Rhadaman- thus, returned to New York from Bermuda, bringing back Mr Sam Sargent and Mr Joshua Hoffman himself. Among the letters which Sargent found on the table of his handsome private office in the Bowdoin Building, No. 76 Broadway, overlooking a part of Trinity Church-yard, was one from Robert White, requesting an immediate interview on a matter of the highest importance. Sargent knew White's name as a rising young literary man, he had heard his daughter speak of meeting White, and he was aware of White's connection with the Gotham Gazette. He wrote Mr White a polite note, saying that he should be glad to see him the next day at three. Precisely at three the next afternoon, as the bells of Trinity rang the hour over the hurrying heads of the sojourners in Wall Street, Robert White handed his card to the office-boy of Sargent and Company, and was shown at once into the private office of the special partner. Sargent rose to receive him, saying: " I'm glad to make your acquaint- ance, Mr White. There is a comfortable chair. What can I do for you to-day ?" As he said this he gave White a look which took him in through and through. White felt that Sargent had formed at once an opinion of his character, and that this opinion was probably in the main accurate. " Are we alone," he asked, "secure from in- terruption ? ' Sargent stepped to the door and said to the attending office-boy, " If anybody calls, just say I have gone." Then he closed the door and turned the key in the lock. Taking his seat at his desk, he said "Now Mr White, I am at your service." " As I wrote you, Mr Sargent, I desire a few minutes' talk with you on a matter of great importance," began White. " Excuse me a moment," interrupted Sar- gent, taking a box of cigars from a drawer in his desk. " Do you smoke ? ' White declined courteously. " I trust you will excuse me if I light up ? ' " Certainly," said White. "I never smoke during business hours," explained Sargent, " but at three I always indulge myself in a little nicotine." White noticed that under cover of the first two or three puffs of smoke the speculator gave him a second penetrating examination. The journalist knew that his task was diffi- cult enough at best, and this little manoeuvre seemed to double the difficulty. But his voice did not reveal this feeling as he said : " The business I have to speak about, Mr Sargent, is as private as it is important. I am aware that for a moment I may seem to you to be prying, not to say impertinent. I beg to assure you in advance that such is not my intent. If you will bear with me until I am done, I think you will then pardon my appar- ent intrusion." "Fire away," said Sargent, blowing a series of concentric rings of smoke, " and put the ball as close to the bull's-eye as you can. " " What I desire to talk about is the taking of £100,000 in specie from the Patagonia on the afternoon of April 1." " Indeed ?' queried Sargent, sending forth a final ring of smoke as perfect as any of it predecessors, " And pray what have I to do with that little speculation in gold ?" " At the time that money was taken you were short of Transcontinental Telegraph stock, and you stood to lose nearly half a million dollars." " If you had not warned me that you would be intrusive, I think I should have been able to discover it for myself." " Hear me out." " I do not see any connection between my private affairs and the Patagonia adventure. But go on." White continued in the calm voice he had maintained from the beginning of the inter- view : " Before that gold could he landed in Nova Scotia there had been a panic here in Wall Street, the bottom had dropped out of Trans- continental Telegraph, your partners had covered your shorts, and you were in a fair way to make a good profit." " Well ?" asked Sargent, quietly. " Well — then the gold from the Patagonia was restored to its owners." As he said this, White watched Sargent closely. A se- cond series of vortex rings was in process of construction. Suddenly Sargent turned slightly, and looked White full in the face. " Mr White, it is evident that you do know me. I am a bad man to bluff. I do not choose to understand your insinuendoes, as the darky called them — " "I made no insinuations." "You have been dropping mysterious hints," said Sargent, firmly. ' If you have picked them up, why — " " Just let me tell you, Mr White, that if you pick me up for a fool, you will lay me down again like a red-hot poker. I see you are driving at something. Now just stop this feeling over the surface and cut to the quick. If you have any thing to say, say it out and be done with it." "I can put the matter in a nutshell, if you will give me five minutes," said White, quietly. "Load your nutshell and touch off the fuse," answered Sargent, settling back com- fortably in his chair. " My chain is not quite complete, I con- fess," began White; there are several slight links wanting. But it is strong enough. Here is my story ; When the Patagonia sailed from Queenstown with £100,000 on board, you were in urgent need of about 500,000 dol. Owing to the unexpected detention of Mr Joshua Hoffman in this city, you were the sole passenger on the Rhadamanthus when she cleared from New York for Bermuda. The crew of the Rhadamanthus were Lascars. The captain was under great obligations to you, and would do anything for you." Here White remarked that Sargent give him a quick look as who should say, " How came you to know that ? ' " Instead of going directly to Bermuda, you made for the Banks of Newfoundland. On the voyage up you rigged a false funnel on the Rhadamanthus, you built false bulwarks and you mounted a Quaker gun amidships. " Again White caught the same quick look, as though Sargent, in spite of his self-control, was surprised at the accuracy of White's in- formation. " You arrived off the Banks just in time to intercept the Patagonia. You fired across her bows with the little gun of the yacht. You pretended to load the Quaker gun. You sent a message to the captain of the Patagonia — a message written by a type-writer bought by Joshua Hoffman the day before the yacht sailed. You stained your face and put on a false beard, and you yourself sat in the stern- sheets of the gig which was rowed out to re- ceive the gold. When you left the Patagonia as night fell, you steamed straight for the little place which Captain Mills owns on the coast of Nova Scotia near Halifax. You landed the gold at his private dock by night : fortunately for you, no custom-house official caught sight of you. Whether you had in- tended to take the gold and fly, or whether you meant to use it to pay your losses in the Transcontinental Telegraph corner. I do not know. But when you touched land you got the news of the panic here, and of the fall in the price of Transcontinental Telegraph. No longer needing the money, you determined to return it, and to let the affair pass off as a practical joke appropriate to the 1st of April. Mat Mills took the yacht to Bermuda as fast as she could steam, getting there long before Mr Joshua Hoffman arrived on the re- gular steamer. No one in Bermuda connected the Rhadamanthus with the Dare-Devil, because no one knew anything about the tem- porary robbery of the Patagonia until the ar- rival of the mail. There is no telegraph to Bermuda. The gold having been returned to its owners, you thought there would be no motive for pursuit and for prosecution. You believed that the whole matter would blow over, and that long before you got back to New York people would have something else to talk about than the adventure of the Patagonia. For further safety you have per- suaded Mr Joshua Hoffman to send the Rha- damanthus to Rio Janeiro to bring back the boy-naturalist who has been making collec- tions along the Amazon. She passed Sandy Hook about six hours ago." As White paused here, Sargent swung around in his chair and took another cigar from the box in the drawer of his desk. " Have yon finished ?" he asked. " I have finished," answered White. " As you requested. I have told my tale as briefly as possible. But I have written it out in full, setting down all the facts in order, and giving dates and figures as exactly as I could. Per- haps you would like to glance over it." Sargent took the flat little bundle of papers which White held out to him, and dropped it into his pocket. He lighted his second cigar from the first. Then he said, pleasantly : " This is a very pretty little ghost story of yours, Mr White, but do you think you can get anybody to take any stock in it ?" " I believe the public will take an interest in it — if — " " If ?" asked Sargent, with his cigar in the air. " If I publish it." "Ah, if you publish it." And Sargent smiled meaningly, and the whole expression of his face changed at once. "Very well. How much ?" " I beg your pardon ?" said White, inter- rogatively. " How much do you want?" "Mr Sargent !" and White rose to his feet indignantly. "Sit down again, Mr. White ; we are talking business now. How much do you want to suppress this story ?" White clinched the back of the chair firmly in his hand, and said, " I did not expect to be insulted by the offer of a paltry bribe .' 'Who said anything about a paltry bribe ? I asked you how much ?' By this time White had recovered his temper. He sat down again. " You do not know me if you think I am to be bought, Mr Sargent. I am hesitating as to the publi- cation of the facts in this case because I am not yet quite clear in my own mind as to my duty in the matter." "Indeed ?' There was a covert sneer in Sargent's manner as he dropped this one word. " Perhaps self-interest might resolve my doubts," continued White. "Perhaps I could more readily make up my mind to say nothing about your connection with the affair of the Patagonia if — " " If — ?" repeated Sargent. " If I felt jealous of your reputation on my own account —in short, if I were a member of your family." " Yon don't want me to adopt you, do you ?' asked Sargent brusquely. " No, not exactly," answered White, hesi- tating, now he had reached the point. "But I want to marry your daughter." Sargent looked at him in silent astonish- ment. Then he whistled. " You want to marry my daughter " "Yes." " Then the main question is not what I think, but what she thinks. Does she want to marry you ?" " She told me so the last time I saw her," said White, quietly. Sargent stood up in his surprise. But all he said was, " What ?' "I asked her to marry me, and she pro- mised to do so — if you would consent." " Ah," said Sargent ; ' so you are en- gaged ?" " Yes, we are engaged," answered White. "But I have always told Dorothy that I would never consent to her marrying any- body. I want her myself. I do not wish her to leave me." "That's what she told me." "And yet she has engaged herself to you ?' " We are engaged — yes ; but we shall not be married until you give your consent." '" And you expect me to yield ?" asked Sar- gent, harshly. "That's why I came to see you to-day," answered White, gently. " Well, yon are the cheekiest young fellow I ever saw." And Sargent sat down again, and struck a match to relight his cigar. White asked anxiously, " Will you con- sent ?" Sargent took two or three puffs at his cigar, and replied : Of course. I have to consent. That girl makes me do what she pleases. I have never refused her anything yet. If she wants you for a husband she shall have you." " Thank you — " began White. "You needn't thank me," interrupted Sar- gent ; " you had better go and thank her ; and tell her you are going to dine with us to- day." As Sargent and White came down the stairs of the Bowdoin Bnilding a begging peddler jostled against the speculator, who cursed him cheerfully, and then gave him a quarter. At the foot of the stairs White met Eliphalet Duncan, who was just going up to his office. He felt so happy that he stopped Duncan to tell him he was engaged to be married, and to ask him if he could guess to whom. "Of course," answered Duncan — "to Miss Sargent." Then Sargent and White walked on, and Duncan went upstairs. As he came to the first landing he saw a flat little bundle of paper. He picked it up and took it into his office for examination, to see if he might dis- cover its owner. In September, at Newport, toward the end of the waning season, and just before those who are always in the thick of gayety and fashion abandoned Newport for Lenox, there was a wedding. Dorothy Sargent and Robert White were married. Sam Sargent, left alone, turned to politics with his wonted energy. On the evening after his interview with White in April he had had a bad quarter of an hour, for he could not find the full and detailed statement of the Patagonia affair which White had given, and which he could have sworn he put in his pocket. For a while he did not dare give rein to his ambition. If this paper had fallen into the hands of a political enemy, his election to any office became impossible. But as time passed on and he got no news of the missing document, he began to hope that it had been destroyed without examination. A few days after his daughter's wedding he re- ceived the nomination for Congress for which he had intrigued unceasingly, and he had made a pungent little speech accepting the honor. The next evening the sword of Damocles fell. He received a short, sharp note bidding him find some excuse at once for declining the nomination, or the exact truth would be published concerning his connection with the robbery of the Patagonia on the First of April. As Sam Sargent read this he knew of a certainty that he had a guardian enemy, and that his political career was at an end forever. He took up the fatal missive to read it again, and for the first time he noticed that it was written on a type- writer, and that it was signed " Lafitte." (The End.) ===== Use nothing but Genuine American Hop Bit- ters, with a cluster of Green Hops on the white label, and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. --- Druggists and Chemists are warned against dealing in imitations or coun- terfeits. 