BOOK THE SECOND.— GOOD SAMARTTAiSTS. Chapter I. — Mrs. Daxgebfield at Hojie. Itis close «pon two years since the untimely death of Mr. Dangerfield, whom, under the name. of Welby, we attended at the White Swan, Gravesly. The memory of a. govern-- ment secretary lasts iiot two years in the outer world, where eecretaries axe plentiful and busi ness is brisk ; all the 'littla talk' about that gentleman — the little myfitery that a few busy bodies made out of him, and an eccentric expedition to Derbyshire — had been set aside for newer, fresher scandals, and there were only one or two intimately concerned, intimately related, who remembered what a charming man Mr. Dangerfield had been, what a. loss to. society he was, and perhaps wondered a little what would have happened had he lived. There were many thoughts of the dead man at a house in Regent's Park still ; the wife had not-forgotten .him in twenty-four months, and still: wore— somewhat unwisely for a widow who had.' chances'— -the deepest mourning for her lord. The crape skirt, was pretentious, invidious folk asserted, at this remote stage of widowhood; it was as deep: as on tbe day of Mr. Dangerfield's funeral, which she had personally -attended, and the widow's face was almost as long. That is to sayin kinder words, that the. Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield's . countenance .was very grave and sorrowful ; full of a thought which the satire of the few who decried:h£r could not drive away; full of the doubt even, born of past experience, that there was not.much. good in the world when one came to sift it thoroughly. The Honorable Sirs. Dangerfield believed in her own goodness, however, and had turned more serious of late days. She had given up society after her husband's decease, and had become extremely reserved in mundane affairs, and extremely ' high'.' in matters of religious observance. She had been left very well off, and could indulge in her sorrows luxuriously. Mr. Dangerfield had had a large fortune with her, had dropped after his marriage and his father's death. into a neat fortune of his own ; and neither had been spent, but had been put out to good interest, and embarked in safe companies, and all that he had touched had turned to gold. Happjr fellow, this Dangerfield, everybody had said ; one of those lucky dogs on the right side of. politics, with plenty of money, and heaps of aristocratic friends ; anianwhohaddonewell, risen in the world well, married well, and would have been positively a great man had he lived a little longer, and not booked from I London to Cul verley one unlucky day, aad been ! smashed up en route. Mrs. Dangerfield still wore deep mourning, then, for her husband. It could scarcely be said that she fretted for him ; no one remem bered the -shedding of the widow's tears, even at bis funeral ; ? her own daughter, Estelle, had not seen mamma cry. The widow was always very grave, almost stern, of aspect ; a tall, stately, youngish woman for four-and-thirty, who looked steadily at the dead level of things she called the world, and did not flinch from it and the duties which she had set herself in it. She was not enjoying life — it was more than possible that she never woidd again ; she had -lost faith in her fellow creature, though she subscribed1 to all the charities, and went to church. every day. The pet priests of her own particuiarsnow-church were the only perfect beings left upon God's earth ; and perhaps it was as well.that she had them — and Estelle, . always Estelle — to believe in. They did her no harm ; they kept her heart, somewhat -disposed to be -stony, from wholly ossifying; and, though thev believed in the pomps and vanities of the church, and wore brave vest . ments, and reverencedallthe saints in the calen ' dar, they were simple-headed, simple-hearted peopletoknow ; and they gave the austerelady a greatdeal of mission workto perform, wbichshe did very badly on the whole. Shewasessentially unsympathetic, and hard of belief in human affiiction,.though she had experienced much of it herself, and had found it strike home. But then no one had ,nad such troubles as hers, she thought; and the recapitulation of little miseries did not affect her. These grumblers should have suffered as she had suffered ! What was the loss of a little money, of a little work, of a little health, to the loss of confidence in a man to whom she had given all her heart and soul, whom she had loved blindly and faith fully? This to herself, for Mrs, Dangerfield never complained outwardly. Estelle, the fair-haired, white-faced, pensive, gawky girl, believed her mother a model t-f peace and resignation, and , seemed to stride in every way to imitate her ; ! and being apparently a maiden with no will of j her own, and.no originality of character, and ; no life beyond her own grand house, she became i naturally a copyist. 'How like 'her mother,' ] people said ; and though she was unlike her in ' many things, still the resemblance so far as de- ! portmentwent, and little tricks of manner, was : remarkable in a girl of fourteen. Hence the : house in Regent's Park was scarcely a lively : edifice -in the common acceptation of the term ; the servants voted it 'orful slow,' and only the serious-ones — plucked from the advertise ments of highly respectable and exceedingly sound religious periodicals — remained to add to the stock of perfectibility en the premises, and they averaged about three months of- it before giving ' the old girl' warning. It was at the door of this house that one, Daniel Overdown, the working man who had escaped death, when a government secretary was done for — such are the ridiculous incon sistencies of this sublunary sphere— stood one evening waiting for admittance. He had knocked several times, but he had arrived late, and the whole household was at prayers. There had been no one to attend upon him till the fifth summons, when, being a trifle irritable, he had nearly battered in the panels, as a final appeal to the understandings of the worthy souls within. Then, and not till then, a pale young man, with smooth hair and in deep black, opened the door, and stood in rigid up rightness before the applicant. 'Is Mrs. Dangerfield in:' asked Daniel Overdown. ' She is h'in, but she will see no one at this time of.the heveuing.' 't2foone?' 'I said, ' No one.' ' ' I hope she will see me,' said Mr. Over down ; ' it's not particularly late, and I have come some distance.' ' In the morning, after ten, you can see the lady, not now. Oh ! dear no,' added the servant, very firm on this point. 'Why noti' asked Daniel Overdown, sharply. ' It s.the rule of the establishment, and the Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield never alters her rules fornobody. She'll see anybody at ten to-morrow — a-dozenof you, two dozen if you like — but it's, too late now.' ' I don't see that.' ' What !' said the domestic, with a half shriek of amazement, ' don't you understand yet?' ' No, I don't.' Daniel Overdown was in everyday costume — in work-a-day clothes, that did not entitle him to any respect from servants of extensive establishments who wore superfine black, and so he did not g_et it. Still he was not daunted ; he was an obstinate man, who could fight his own battles when the occasion seemed neces sary. He marched into the hall, in lieu of going down a steep flight of stone steps on tothepave ment again. 'Tell your mistress,' he said, very firmly, ' that I- will 'take my orders from her ; that my name's Daniel Overdown, and my business is of importance, and will not bear delay.' ' Oh \ that's it. Daniel what's your name, did you say V' 'Overdown — the man who met with an accident in Derbyshire at the same time as Mr, Dangerfield.' ' Oh ! indeed,' said the man, after a long stare at Mr. Overdown. ' Will you wait here a moment?' The servant departed, after whispering in structions on the stairs to servant number two, to keep an eye on ' the cove in corduroys ;'and returned, not too readily, several minutes afterwards. 'Sirs. Dangerfield will see yon, if you please to step this way,' he said, almost politely. Chapter II. — A Message from the Dead., jlr. Daniel.Overdown was not shown into the great drawing-room, where prayers had been read by. the Honorable Mrs. Dangerfield to her daughter Estelle, to her father — at that time staying, on a visit to her — and to the servants, enmafEC ; he was conducted into a half -museum, halfrlibxaiy, on the first floor, where he was left to await the arrival ot the lady whose presence he had sought. It was a large room, that two years and more ago had been the favorite sanctum of Paul Erasmus Wilberforce Dangerfield, Esq., the cavern wherein he had hidden himself many, a weary hour on the plea of work and study of books, and of official business, and where he had fenced and fought with grim truths, of which no one in the house had dreamed. Mr. Overdown surveyed the apartment critically, and as Mrs. Dangerfielddid not enter an appearance very quickly, he walked to the books on the shelves, and read the titles of the volumes, till a trophy of ancient swords and pistols in the background awakened a new spirit of enquiry; and here, testing swerd blades.and snapping pistol-locks, was he dis covered some five minutes afterwards. Mrs. .Dangerfield. and her father discovered him. They had entered ann-in-aim, the father leaning on the daughter's arm — a short, spare, thin-faced, sharp-featured, high-stocked man. eaten up by gout just then, and dragging one slippered foot with difficulty, along with him into the room. 'Good-evening, 'said .Mr. Overdown, mak ing a very respectful bow, before restoring three or four pistols and half - a.- dozen swords to their places, which he did carefully and slowly, like a man not at all put out by being found inspecting his. neighbor's goods. 'I am sorry to have kept you waiting,' Mrs. Dangerfield said, politely, as she escorted her father to a large library chair, into which he subsided with difficulty, and then stared hard at the intruder, with his two thin, white hands clasped together, as though he. had not done praying yet, and was going to finish off his devotions before proceeding to business. 'Pray, don't mention it,' answered Mr. Overdown. 'I found something to interest me — by your leave ?;' he added, putting away the last s*w 3rd. ' A something in my way, that suggested the work left behind in Birming han).' ' You come from Birmingham ':' 'Yes.' 'And were at Gravesley V ' Yes.' ' Will you be seated ?:- ' Thank you ; I wilL' Daniel Overdown sat down, thrust his cap into the capacious pocket of a heavy pilot coat, and then looked from Mrs. Dangerfield to the starchy and. clean old gentleman facing him. It was a sharp comprehensive glance, thatseemsd to ask the reason for the gentleman's presence, and even to suggest the desirability of his absence, for Mrs. Dangerfield seated now at the table, trifling with an ivory paper-knife, said, half in explanation-: — 'My father, Lord Bedclove. You may speak before him in perfect confidence. ' ' Oh ! Lord Redclove, indeed !' he said, somewhat jerkily. He was surprised at the presence of aVeal lord, but hardly disturbed by it ; and he jnadea little bow, which his lordship did not condescend to return — possibly had not seen, for he was looking down on the carpet, and still pressing the tips of all his fingers to gether. There was a pause, and Mrs. Dangerfield left it to Mr. Overdown to continne the conversation and state the . nature of Ids business. She did not ask him what had brought him to the house ; she might already guess that it appertained to a terrible time of past calamity, but there was no curiosity or anxiety expressed upon her handsome, passive face. He had seen a stutue with more interest stamped upon its marble countenance. Per haps she thought he had come to ask assist ance from her, and for himself, and that kept - him tongue-tied. That would not do at any rate. He gave a quick cougli at last, and began. Even then he did not dash at the subjectupper lnostinbis mind, but heledujitoitforthelady's sake, though she never knew that, and never thanked him for it. He was a considerate man after his fashion. '* It is two years ago,, lady, since you and I met in a little village in Derbyshire.' he said. Tbe lady's long eyelashes quivered faintly, but she made no reply. ' You were in trouble then, with a bigger trouble not far off, and I was sorry to see it. In my own humble way, of course,' he added, deferentially, as he fancied, keen observer that he was, that the face grew colder and prouder as he gazed at it ; ' but still sorry for any one with a mind bothered by doubts as yours was.' 'Tbat time is past, sir,' she said, severely ; 'you have not called here to tell me of your sorrow.' ' iS'o ; that's true.' The man was still perplexed, it was evident ; he had a difficult task before him, and in the face of this strong apathy he scarcely knew how to set about it. ' You asked me several questions, if you re member. Mi's. Dangerfield ; you were suspicious of me — imagined 1 was in your husband's con fidence, and so forth.' ' I have not forgotten.' 'At the time I could not have answered one question to set your mind at rest, or make it more uneasy. Mr. Dangerfield's life was as much a mystery to me as any of those Greek books. What he wanted at Culverley heaven and himself knew, not I, at that time. Now,' he added, after a slight pause, ' had you asked me twenty- four hours afterwards, I should have been better informed, if equally uncommunica tive.' Mrs. Dangerfield's curiosity was not aroused, or else she had become of late days very self repressive. She did not change color, did not raise her eyelids from the dark lustrous eyes, did not glance at him, but fidgeted with the paper-knife,- and listened — that was all. Mrs. Dangerfield's father was looking at the speaker again, with great intentness in his keen grey eyes, but Daniel Overdown . did not. take heed of him. He had given fair warning ? that his visit there was connected with' the past, and this woman, shrouded in black crape, must be prepared now. for something which he had come From Birmingham to say. . Lord Bedclove spoke at last, but with con siderable politeness,*to his daughter. _ ! ' Frances, if you would allow me to with- i draw, Ithink that you will be perfectly safe with this young man ; and there may be de- ? tails of Paul's past-life which you might even j prefer. my not listening to.' i There .is nothing to conceal,' she mur- j mured ; ' you know all — you guessed all long ago.' i '{But still there may be little facts— little incidents — which ? ' ; He paused* and she answered his unfinished sentence very quickly. i 'No. Stay please ; I would prefer your not j leaving me,' she said. | i 'Very well,' said -Lord Redclove withgreat i | urbanity. Then lie looked towards Sir. Over- ( ! down, by way of permission to resume his j i narrative, and 3Ir. Overdown continued — j 'I think I could have got over this un comfortable job better without you, sir, 'he | said bluntly, and forgetting his lordship's title ; utterly; forgetting even that he had been already informed the gentleman was a lord ; 'what relates to the husband had better be : told to the wife, and left for her to consider— - 1 at least tbat is my way. of looking at it ; but it is a complicated case, and who sees the best I way out of it has more brains than I have.' ' Pray, never mind your brains,- my good I man ; you have heard that Mrs. Dangerfield ! requests my company at this juncture,' said Lord Redelove, scarcely above his breath. 'Yes, I have heard it. But you are her father, you see, not his. I wish to Heaven you had been his,' he blurted forth. Mrs. Dangerfield shivered at this exslama tion, aud Lord Redelove said coolly — ' Sir. Dangertield's father has been dead some years.' ' A\id his mother V ' His mother is in a lunatic asylum, poor ; woman,' Lord Redclove condescended to ! explain. ' Oh ! that's bad,' said Daniel Overdown ; ' anything's better than that in the way of ailments, I take it. Well, then, its time we got to business.' | ' Quite time,' assented Lord Redclove. I Daniel glanced at him again ; he did not like his lordship suddenly assuming the post of spokesman — standing between him and the dead man's wife; blocking up the wayj as_ it were, to the heart he had been sanguine enough to think he could touch by the plain recital of a few miserable facts. He had a strong fear now upon him that he should fail in his mission, and that.it would be this sharp faced man's fault, unless he were extra-clever, extra earnest, and worked very hard in a cause foreign to his own. life and pursuits. He edged his chair nearer to the lady whom he was determined to address ; and his lord-, ship, for the first time, evinced considerable alacrity in the quick movauent which placed his swollen foot out of harm's way of Mr. Overdown's progress across the carpet. ' After you had left Gravesly — on the fol lowing morning -Mr. Dangerfield set for me.' 'You were in his confidence, then,' she said with faint surprise. ' There you mistake, as I have said already,' he replied ; ' but you had unsettled hhn ; the nurse told me he could not rest, and there came to him in the morning the grim fact tbat he had changed for the worse. He wanted a friend, and oddly enough he could only think of me — snatch at me, as the drowning mau snatches at straws, they say. Strange, this ?' 'He was a strange man,' murmured the widow, as if in excuse for his eccentric con duct. 'I have often fancied he was not quite right in his head that day, and that he thought some kind of tie originating in the railway spill we had had together existed between us; at all events he was.hard up for a confidant, and he took me for an honest man — which was correct enough, at least,' he added naively. ' And he told you ? 'said Lord Redclove, becoming impatient, and anxious to get at the pith of- the story. 'He wanted an important message to be delivered to friends he had at Culverley — he was travelling to Culverley when the smash j occurred, you know.' I Mrs. Dangerfield made a faint inclination of i her widow's cap towards the speaker. She was paler and stonier, of aspect now, Daniel Over down considered. 'He was in. trouble about th-cm, and they, were in trouble when he left for Culverley ; ! the mother was in the habit of receiving money ! annually from his. hands ; though he saw. the ' children sometimes, the mother never; neither j mother nor children knew his real position I from first to last ; he was a mystery to them as to you — a miserable mystery enough ! but : there it was to work mischief both ways — a \ sword with two edges.' ! ' And you come at last to stab me with it !' ; said Mrs. Dangerfield more mournfully than ' warmly, and yet with . a little flutter of sup- ' pressed indignation in her voice. ! 'Well,' he answered, 'I would interest ? you, if possible, in these poor children.' j ' Impossible !' she said, very passionately, at last. : ' Don't say that. j ' Impossible !' i ' His children who have done no harm, and whom only great care and some money may be ' able to save.' ' I would not see them, or interfere in their affairs for the world,' said Mrs. Dangerfield j shuddering; 'I have never heard of them till: j now — they can never be anything but outcasts j and lepers with no right to exist.' ? The volcano had given sifps of the fire within at last; the paper- knife snapped in two beneath the reckless hand, and the ! Regent's Park saint was more of a ! woman and a deeply - injured woman ! than ordinary- She had not pardoned | the poor sinner sleeping in his coffin. Daniel i Overdown saw this at once — how could ne i expect that she would have mercy on these i ofifchoots of society rising up like ghosts from her husband's grave? 'There has been given them a right to exist, I suppose, madam,' said Daniel Over j down, gravely, and we must not — But there, : I have not come to preach.' S 'Certainly not, certainly not, my good man, we don't want any preaching here,' said Lord Redclove, who felt that he had had enough of it in that establishment from legiti mate sources. ' Where is the mother of these — these — children ? Why doesn't she look after them?' ' She's dead,' was the answer. Mrs. Dangerfield had subsided again into quiescence; this time the safety valve had been securely fastened down, and only a faint elevation of the eyebrows was a sign of how every fresh item of news affected her. 'Dead,' echoed Lord Redclove, com placently. 'Ah ! well, that is perfectly satis factory—we have no objection to that. Her children will be well looked after by the parish — all that rhodomontade which gets into the papers about parochial neglect is the merest fiction — they will be looked after carefully, I have no doubt, and be put in a way of earning a respectable living.' 'You know nothing about it, sir,' said Daniel Overdown, shortly. Lord Redclove was astonished at this abrupt assertion ; but he too had the gentlemanly act of self-repression admirably developed. He settled his chin in 1»= vniiiminoug wnit3 gtock aud sai !?- 'I should have thought that you, Mr. Over down — a man of some intelligence, and above your class a little : a man of the world too — might have considered that that lady,' point ing to his daughter, ' was the last person whom delicacy should have prompted you to visit under these objectionable circumstances.' 'It was his wish that I should come here someday, if the children were introuble, or if the mother died ; and his wish has been on my mind a good deal lately,' answered Daniel. ' Why did he not tell the woman — ' began Mrs. Dangerfield. 'Pardon me, but he never saw her after his marriage with you,' said Daniel Overdown, interrupting her. ' I have just said so.' 'Pardon me, sir,' she said haughtily,' but I do not believe you.' I '1 bad it from Mr. Dangerfield's own lips, ; when lies would have been very hard to pass | them. I had it from a. dying woman who had I asked forgiveness of her Maker at the eleventh [ hour, and got it, ' be added, with impressive ! emphasis. ? Mis. Dangerfield shuddered again at Mr. I Overdown's impiety, but did not comment upon it. She glanced towards her father, as if leaving the. rest of the conversation to him, and crossed her hands, saint- wise, upon her bosom, although her hands pressed heavily upon the heart beneath, whose throbbinjys she was not quite able to subdue. 'It is a painful story, :' said Lord Rodclove, 'but we must not pursue it further. My daughter has quite made up her mind not to be dragged into this business, either morally or pecuniarily. I believe, my dear, I make this statement with your full permission ?' 'Yes,' replied Mrs. Dangeriield in a whisper again. 'And this lady is a mother too,' muttered the mechanic as he rose baffled in his mission, and not seeing his way ahead, clear-sighted man as he was in many things. Mrs. Dangerfield rose with him, and was the first to quit the room without another question to her visitor, who opened the door for her with a strange exhibition of courtesy, and allowed her to precede him. He bowed to her as she swept past him in her deep mourning for the man of whose last wish she had heard that night. Daniel Overdown was following her, when Lord Redclove's voice, sharp and clear, stopped him on the threshold. 'Stay,' hesaid peremptorily. 'What is the use?' 'I wish it. I have something to say now.' Chapter III. — Further Particulars. Daniel Overdown looked back into the room and hesitated. _ He was not anxious to resume conversation with this man who had done his best or his worst to mar the fortunes of those ' in whom-the njeclianic had grown interested of late days. ' Don't go yet,' said Lord Reddbve, 'meri: ? can speak more freely together, Favor me by. resuming your place for a few minutes, if you please Mr. Overbrown.' j ' Overdojcw — and at your service then,' said ! he, shutting the door and returning reluctantly to his seat. Lord Redclove took his chin out of the white folds of his cravat, and leaned forwards with more animation on his aristocratic coun tenance. ' I don't think, young man, that you could have made a falser move in domestic policy than to have come to a man's wife and .asked assistance for the offspring of the man's mis tresp.' ' Why ?' asked Overdown laconically. 'You shut your eyes to woman's natural weakness — jealousy. ' ' All ! I don't understand women — I have had very little to do with them all my life,' said the mechanic petulantly, ' they talk like children — and act like children.' ' With one or two bright exceptions to be found in the History of England, rather than in the history of human life,' added Lord Redclove, sententiously. ' But — tobusiness.' He leaned back in bis old coniplaeentattitude, and- put the tips of his fingers together after his usual habit. Daniel Overdown, or his mistion, interested the -nobleman — perhaps he was a friend at the eleventh hour to help him after all, thought the gunsmith. 'You have not said anything about these waifs,' said Lord Redclove dispassionately, 'and you can hardly expect me to take an in terest in the children of a man who deceived my daughter all his life. Still, ' Man is liable to err,' says the philosopher, and I look at error myself compassionately, knowing how ridiculously natural it is, and what weak donkeys we all are.' He shrugged his shoulders at some painful reminiscence which time had not weakened, and age had rendered objectionable, and then asked almost with closed eyes, and in a tone more indolent' and unnaturaj— 'How many are there ?'; N. 'Two.' 'Boys or girls V' ' A boy — and a girl. 'Humph — awkward,' said Lord Kedclove ; ' v.'hat are they doing — where are they ?' 'He — the boy,' said Daniel, after a moment's hesitation, not lost upon his ques tioner, for all his nonchalant attitude, 'is tramping about Liverpool earning a living as best he may by singing in public-houses, and at the corners of streets.' 'Good Gcd!' 'That's the truth of u.' 'How old is he?' 'Sixteen — perhaps a little more.' ' Too old a gamin to be snatched from the gutters/' muttered the nobleman. 'This has only been of late days — for a few months perhaps, and since his mother's death,' said Daniel quickly ; 'he was not brought up in that fashion — he is ? ' And then Daniel came to a full stop. ' He is not to be trusted, I suppose?' 'Not yet,' confessed the mechanic; 'but then, sir, look at his chauces — or rather at the chances against him. If we could snatch him from all this — get him to sea — send him into a new land, where there is more energy aud less temptation— open out to him a new world altogether.' ' Have you tried to help him ?' ' Once or twice.' ' Lately ?' ' Lately I have been on strike,' said Daniel Overdown, 'and unable to help myself.' 'That's bad.' 'Yes, very bad.' ' You found means to get to London seem ingly ?' 'I raised the means — on a watch,' added Daniel, coolly. ' And for this fool's errand 1' ' Yes. It was a promise to the father ; and these children have harassed me of late days. It seemed easy to save them, and yet so hard to get any one to help me.' 'I daresay. Sensible people,' said Lord Redclove, caustically, 'leave the art of re forming the vagabond to those wise folk with nasty tastes, who have studied the vagabond all their lives. Let us come to the girl.' ' You don't see your way to do anything forthe boy ?' asked Overdown. ' Upon my honor, no.' 'Then I have nothing to tell you. of the girl,' said Overdown, firmly, as he jumped to his feet again ; ' her life will not affect you, only harden your heart against her. I have not come to hold up two wretched orphans to the sneers of some tine people. Good evening.' 'You are hasty, Mr. Overdown — you are acting injudiciously ; you are not doing your best for the children,' 'said Lord Redclove. Mr. Overdown paused again on-bis way to the door ; perhaps he was not. This was an odd, old man, who said sharp things, and seemed dead to charitable impressions, but he was very curious, and probably rich enough to do something forthe unfortunates. Moreover, Lord Redclove seemed a little excited now, despite bis mocking- tongue and hard manner ; his wbite t-e had got twisted under his. ears by the restlets motion of his chin, and the right hand, with the big diamond on it, was surely clutching liis knee tightly. Ah ! that was the pain of -the gout, perhaps. 'Ifearl have done my best, sir,' Daniel answered sorrowfully : ' but I have failed. I should have entrusted my case to Mr. Fajre's hands, as he wished it. I was too conceited about this.' 'Never mind Mr. Fayre. I don't know, and I don't care, who the devil he is, and there is no necessity to drag anybody else into the discussion. About the girl now?' 'I would rather not tell you, if you have made up your mind as firmly as your daughter has,' said Overdown doubtfully. 'Well, then,' said his lordship petulantly, ' I have not made up my mind.' ' Come, I am glad, sir,forboth their sakes,' cried Daniel cheerfully now ; 'it did not seem fair that I should journey all this way, and bring the dead man's message, and.be baulked altogether.' 'Never mind what seems fair jusfc at present. Where is the girl?' asked Lord Redclove again. 'In prison,' answered the gunsmith. (To be continued.) 