An Australian Ghost Story. One Christmas I received an invitation to stay a few weeks at a schoolfellow's farm up in the north of Gippsland, so I packed up my traps with alacrity, and in less than twelve hours presented myself at Jack Draper's farm. While seated at tea that night and making myself thoroughly at home, I noticed a look of care on the face of my friend quite foreign to his jovial nature. On my inquiring the cause he pointed out of the window—opening towards the mountains, at the foot of which Tandibaw was situated, a remarkably lonely and isolated position—to a hut which had an appearance of desolation and disuse about it, standing alone in the field at some dis- tance from the house, and rapidly growing dim in the increasing twilight. "That hut is the bane of my existence, Will," he said. " You know I have not long taken Tandibaw, and I'm afraid I shall have to leave it." "Why, what's the matter with the hut?" I inquired. "It looks a good enough sort of place, except that its ventilation is on rather too extensive a scale, and that it wants a new roof and the sides renewed." " Ah ! you may laugh, young man—please pass the bread—but I'm hanged if I can. There's some ghastly story of the occupant of that hut having been murdered by a former owner of Tandibaw, and it's never been opened since then. I have the key, but it's no use to me, for I wouldn't go inside." " Why, Jack—another cup of tea, please —you're surely not superstitious ?" "No—o—" he returned; "but the place is said to be haunted, and what I have seen is calculated to make me so. Sometimes, in the darkness of a still, clear night, the most appalling yells and shrieks come from that hut. Once I peeped in through the chinks of the door, determined to investigate the matter. I saw in one corner of the hut a great white figure, with two eyes gleaming through the gloom. It uttered some un- earthly words, gave a scream, and I cleared. Now none of my fellows—and they're pretty hardy—will go near the place after night- fall for love or money. It's getting perfectly unbearable." I said it was very strange, but expressed utter disbelief in any ghost connivance, upon which he informed me that it had been quiet for some nights, and so I might hear it that night or the next. When it had grown dark and the tea things were cleared away, we left the window open and sat down to a game of draughts. I was just about to move in the third game, when, softened by the distance, but distinct and clear, came a shrill, sharp cry from the direction of the hut, which so startled me that I involun- tarily tipped the board over and scattered the men all over the floor. " What did I tell you ?" said Jack, with the pride of a professional showman who has a real live ghost to exhibit to his visitors. I ran to the window and listened, but heard no more. Draughts were now out of the question, and for the rest of the evening I sat thoughtful and silent. When bedtime arrived I considerably startled my friend by coolly saying—" Jack, I'm going to sleep in that hut to-night." " You—are—wha—at?" said Jack, with an aspect of horror. " I'm going to sleep in that hut to-night," I repeated. "Well, of all the extraor— Oh ! I say, you know, are you stark mad ?" " No," I answered. " I'm in my properest senses, or I shouldn't think of such a thing." After a long time of vain dissussion Jack gave in, remarking, sotto voce, that he sup- posed infants and maniacs had to have their own way, and we sallied forth, he with one half of the bedding and a lantern, I with the other half, a thick stick, and a ball of twine; for I had my own ideas regarding the ghost. The news of my somewhat quixotic in- tention had spread through the house, and quite a number of farm-hands had gathered in the porch to see me off. At a little dis- tance from the hut I took the bundle which my friend had been carrying, also the lan- tern and the key, and forbade anyone coming further with me; and after trying once more to dissuade me from my purpose and finding it as useless as before, Jack bade me a sorrowful good night, with the comfort- ing assurance that he never expected to see me alive again. He saw me enter and close the door, and then hurriedly returned to the house. I will now continue the story with Jack's own words in detailing the denouement to a party of friends some days after. After spending—says Jack—a restless and almost sleepless night I arose with early dawn, and, by dint of great persuasion, induced some of the hands to accompany me to the hut, where I fully expected to see my friend stretched dead with fright. I advanced to the door, threw it open, and there—Jack was wont to exclaim with a burst of astonish- ment—there he lay on his mattress, sound asleep and snoring, as if he had been in his own bed at home instead of in a worm-eaten, ghost-haunted hut ! An old grey cockatoo, firmly fastened by a cord tied round his leg to the bar of a chair, was meditating on one leg with an appearance of great shame- facedness at being found in a position of dishonorable captivity, and occasionally threw out some disconnected remarks rela- tive to Polly requiring his morning repast, and " Pop goes the weasel," as if they were extenuating circumstances for his having been circumvented. While I gazed in mys- tified surprise, Will woke, and yawningly inquired—" Whash time ?" until he became sufficiently awake to comprehend his situa- tion and to remember the adventures of the night, when he sat up, and pointing to the bird and directing my attention at the same time to a sheet, which, though yellow with age, and yet still retaining some of its pristine whiteness, hung from a rafter in the corner of the hut. "There," he laughingly said, "there's your ghost !" * * * * * This bird was the great pet of his murdered master, and on his death nightly returned through a hole in the root to the place which had been his home. His appearance, com- bined with the long draped sheet above which he perched, gave rise to the supposi- tion that it was a ghost, while his screams and the utterance of the few words he had learned to say were taken for the mutter- ings of a being from the nether world. Jack, who had been originally a town mouse, until he purchased Tandibaw (from a fancied lik- ing for farming), knew, comparatively, noth- ing of bush life, birds, etc., and was, there- fore more easily deceived than I, my life having been spent in the country until I was compelled to change it for an existence in the metropolis. On first hearing of the "ghost," I had my suspicions, but forebore to mention them till able to convert them into certainties. Having retired to my "sleeping apartment," I found the bird asleep, thus en- abling me to capture it, hold it as a hostage, and obtain a night's rest, quite contrary to all expectation and prophecy. Many a plea- sant day I spent at Tandibaw after this, and the owner has no idea of disposing of it now. On a stand next the tire, in winter, and in the porch in the sunny summer, reposing in his old age, perches the terrible "ghost" of former days. 