' I SAY KO ;' OR, THE LOYE-LETTER ANSWERED. By WILKIE COLLINS. [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.} EOOK THE THIRD.— THE SPELL. Chapter XLVIII.— Investigating. Having revived his sinking energies in the f i wit garden, Mirabel seated himself under the shade of a tree and reflected on the critical position in which he was placed by Francine's jealousy. If Mass de Sor continued to be Mr. Wyvil's guest there seemed to be no other choice before Mirabel than to leave Monksmoor and ? to trust to a favorable reply to his sister's in vitation for the free enjoyment of Emily's society under another roof. Try as he might he could arrive at no more satisfactory con clusion than this. In his preoccupied state time passed quickly. Nearly an hour had elapsed before he rose to return to the house. Entering the hall he was startled by a cry of terror in a woman's voice coming from the upper regions. At the same time Mr. Wyvil, passing along the bedroom corridor after leaving the music-room, was confronted by his daughter hurrying out of Emily's bed- j chamber in such a state of alarm that she could ha idly speak. ' Gone !' she cried, the moment she saw her father. Mr. Wyvil took her in his arms and tried to compose her. ' Who has gone?' he asked. 'Emily! Oh, papa, Emily has left us ! She has heard dreadful news ; she told me so herself.' 'What news? How did she hear it?' ' I don't know how she heard it. I went back to. the drawing-room to show her my roses ? ' ' Was she alone ?' 'Yes! She frightened me; she seemed quite wild. She said, ' Let me be by myself ; 1 shall have to go home.' She kissed me, and ran up to her room. Oh, I am such a fool ! Anybody else would have taken care not to lose sight of her.' ' How long did you leave her by herself ?' ' I can't say. I thought I would go and tell you. And then I got anxious about her, and knocked at her door, and looked into the room. Gone ! gone !' Mr. Wyvil rang the bell aud confided Cecilia to the care of her maid. Mirabel had already joined him in the corridor. They went downstairs together and consulted with Alban. He volunteered to make immediate enquiries at the railway station. Mr. Wyvil followed him as far as the lodge gate, which opened on the high road, while Mirabel went to a second gate at the opposite extremity of the park. Mr. Wyvill obtained the first newsof Emily. The lodge-keeper had seen her pass him on her way out of the park in the greatest haste. He had called after her, 'Anything wrong, miss ?' and had received no reply. Asked what time had elapsed since this had happened, he was too confused to be able to answer with any certainty. He knew that she had taken the road which led to the station, and he knew no more. ? ?, Mr. Wyvil and Mirabel met again at the ( house, and instituted an examination of the servants. No further discoveries were made. The question which occurred to everybody was suggested by the words which Cecilia had ' repeated to her father. Emily had said she ! had 'heard dreadful news;' how had that | news reached her ? The one postal delivery at j Monksmoor was in the morning. Had any j special messenger arrived with a letter for j Emily ? The servants were absolutely certain j that no such person had entered the house. The j remaining conclusion suggested that some- ? body must have communicated the evil tidings : by word of mouth. But here again no evi dence was to be obtained. No visitor had j called during the day, and no new guests had ; arrived. Investigation was completely baffled. '' Alban returned from the railway with news of the fugitive. _ ; He had reached the station some time after the departure of the London train. The clerk at the office recognised his description of : Emily, and stated that she had taken her ticket for London. The stationmaster had opened the carriage door for her, and had noticed that the young lady appeared to be very much agitated. This information obtained, ? Alban bad dispatched a telegram — in Cecilia's name — 'Pray send us a few words to relieve our anxiety, and let us know if we can be of ; ary service to you.' j This was plainly all that could be done, but i Cecilia was not satisfied. If her father had permitted it she would have followed Emily, j Alban comforted her. He apologised to Mr. j Wyvil for shortening his visit, and announced ! his intention of travelling to London by the '? next train. ' We may renew our enquiries to { some advantage,' he added, after hearing ! what had happened in his absence, 'if we can . find out who was the last parson who saw her ! and spoke to her before your daughter found her alone in the drawing-room. When I went out of the room I left her with Miss de Sor.' ] The maid who waited on Miss de Sor was ; sent for. Francine had been out by herself, j walking in the park. She was then in her : room changing her dress. On hearing of Emily's sudden departure she had been (as the maid reported) ' much shocked, and quite at a , less to understand what it meant.' j Joining her friends a few minutes later, ? Francine presented, so far as personal appear ance went, a strong contrast to the pale and anxious faces round her. She looked wonder fully well after her walk. In other respects she was in perfect hannony with the prevalent feeling. She expressed herself with the utmost propriety ; her sympathy moved poor Cecilia . to tears. ' I am sure, Miss de Sor, you will try to help us,' Mr. Wyvil began. ' With the greatest pleasure,' Fraucme answered. ' How long were you and Miss Emily Browu together after Mr. Morris left you ?' 'Not more than a quarter of an hour, I should think.' ' Did anything remarkable occur in thecourse of conversation ?' 'Notldng whatever.' Alban interfered for the first time. 'Did you say anything,' he asked, 'which agitated or offended Miss Brown?' 'That's rather an extraordinary question,' Francine remarked. ' Have you no ether answer to give ?' Albau enquired. ' I answer — No !' she said, with a sudden outburst of anger. There the matter dropped. While she spoke to Mr. Wyvil Francine had confronted him without embarrassment. When Alban inter posed she never looked at him, except when he piovoked her to auger. Did she remember that the man who was questioning her was also the man who had suspected her of writing the anonymous letter? Alban was on his cnard against himself, knowing how he dis liked her. Eut the conviction in his own_miiid v. :is not to be resisted. In some unimaginable w:;y Francine was associated with Emily's fli'ilit f re in the house. The aiifcwer to the telegram sent from the i ail way fetation had not arrived when Alban tc.ok liis departure for London. Cecilia's sus pense began to gn-w unendurable ; she looked to Mirabel for comfort and found none. HL-5 ofhee was to console, and his capacity for per foiuuug that oflice was notorious among his admirers ; but he failed to present himself to advantage when Mr. Wyvil's lovely daughter had need of his services. He was, in truth, tco sincerely anxious and distressed to be capable of commanding his customary resources, of readv-rnade sentiment and fluently- pious philosophy. Emily's influence ^had awaken-jd the only earnest and true feeling which bad ever ennobled the popalar preacher's life. Towards evening the long-expected tele gram was received at last. What covld be eaid under the circumstances it said ia these words : — ' Safe at home— don't be uneasy about me — will write soon.' With that promise they were For the time f oitjed to be content. ? Chapteii XLIX. — Emily Suffers. ' Mrs. Elhnother — left in charge of Emily's j place of abode, and feeling sensible of her 1 lonely position from time to time— had just thought of trying the c*1661™? influence of a cup of tea, when she hearo' * c?^ draw up at the cottage gate. A violent rmS at the bell followed. She opened the do.01' and found Emily on the steps. One look a.*1 tuat dear and familiar face was enough for the old servant. ' God help us !' she cried, 'what's wi^Po now?' Without a word of reply Emily led the way - into the bed- chamber which had been the scene of Miss Letitia's death. Mrs. Elhnother hesi tated on the threshold. 'Why do you bring me in here?' she asked. 'Why did you try to keep me out ?' Emily answered. ' When did I try to keep you out, miss ?' ' When I came home from school to nurse my aunt. Ah, you remember now ! Is it true — I ask you here, where your old mistress died —is it true that my aunt deceived me about my father's death, and that you knew it?' There was dead silence. Mrs. Elhnother trembled horribly — her lips dropped apart— l;ere eyes wandered round the room with a stare of idiotic terror. 'Is it her ghost tells you that?' she whispered. 'Where is her ghost? The room whirls round and round, miss ; and the air sings iu my ears.' Emily sprang forward to support her. She staggered to a chair, and lifted her great bony hands in wild entreatv. 'Don't frighten me,' she said. ' Stand back. ' Emily obeyed her. She dashed the cold sweat off her forehead. ' You were talking about your father's death just now,' she burst out, in desperate, defiant tones. ' Your father died of heart complaint !' 'My father died murdered in the inn at Zeeland ! All the long way to London I have tried to doubt it. Oh, me, I know it now !' Answering in these words, she looked towards the bed. Harrowing remembrances of her aunt's delirious self-betrayal made the room unendurable to her. She ran out. The parlor door was open. Entering the room she passed by a portrait of her father, which her aunt had hung on the wall over the fire place. She threw herself on the sofa and burst into a passionate fit of crying. 'Oh, my father — my dear, gentle, loving father, my first, best, truest friend — murdered ! mur dered ! Oh, God, where was your justice, where was your mercy, when he died that dreadful death?' A hand was laid on her shoulder ; a voice said to her, 'Hush, my child! God knows best.' Emily looked up, and saw that Mrs. Ell lnotner nad. toUowed her. You poor old souL' she said, suddenly remembering; 'I frightened you in the other room.' ' I have got over it, my dear. I am old ; and I have lived a hard life. A hard life schools a person. I make no complaints ; I learnt my lesson before you were born.' She stopped, and began to shudder again. ' Will you believe me if I tell you something?' she asked. 'I warned my self-willed mistress. Standing by your father's coffin, I warned her. Hide the truth as you may, I said, a time will come when our child will know what you are keeping from her now. One or both of us may live to see it. I am the one who has lived ; no refuge_ in the grave for me. I want to hear about it — there's no fear of frightening or hurt ing me now — I want to hear how you found it out. Was it by accident, my dear, or did a person tell you?' Emily's mind was far away from Mrs. Ell mother. She rose from the sofa with her hands held fast over her aching heart. ' The one duty of my life,' she said ; 'lam thinking of the one duty of my life. Look ! I am calm now ; I am resigned to my hard lot. Never, never again can the dear memory of my father be what it was ! From this time it s the horrid memory of a crime. The crime has gone unpunished; the man has escaped others. He shall not escape me.' She paused and lookedatMrs. Elhnother absently. 'What did you say just now ? You want to hear how I know what I know ? Naturally ! naturally ! Sit down here — sit down, my old friend, on the sofa with me, and take your mind back to Netherwoods. Alban Morris ? ' Mrs. Elhnother recoiled from Emily in dismay. ' Don't tell me lie had anything to do with it ! The kindest of men, the best of j men !' | 'The man of all men living who lexst ' deserves your good opinion or mine,' Emily j answered sternly. j 'You!' Mrs. Elhnother exclaimed, 'you say that !' ' I say it. He who won on me to like him, he was in the conspiracy to deceive me, and ' you know it. He heard me talk of the news- ? paper story of the murder of my father — I say i he heard me talk of it composedly, talk of it j carelessly, in the innocent belief that it was the ! murder of a stranger, and he never opened his I lips to prevent that horrid profanation. He ! never even said, ' Speak of something- els3 ; I { won't hear you.' ISo more of him. Cud. j forbid I should ever see him ajuii. No. Do what I told you. Carry y-:ur mh-.d back to Netherwoods. One night yr.n let Frmciuede j Sor fjighttu yen. Y«-.i ran awa-* frovn Lev j into the g-arden. Ke«p quiet At your a^e . must I set yos; an example of se]f-corurol '/' 'I want to l:ur-w. Miss Eoiily, .where Fr&r.cine;_ de Sor is now. ' ' j ' She is at the Louse iu the country which I I have left.' \ 'Where does she go next, if you please? ) Back to Miss Ladd 5' ' I suppose so. What interest have you in knowing where she goes next ?' 'I won't interrupt you, miss. It's true that I ran away into the garden. I can guess who followed me. How did she find her way to me and Mr. Morris in the dark ?' ' The smell of tobacco guided her ; she knew ; ?who smoked ; she had seen hini talking to you j on that very day ; she followed the scent ; she | heard what you two said to each other, and she has repeated it to rne. Oh, my old friend, the malice of a revengeful girl has enlightened me when you, my nurse, and he, my lover, left : me in the dark — it has told me how my father : died !' ' That's said bitterly, miss !' 'Is it said truly?' ' No ; it isn't said truly of myself. God ! knows you never would have been kept in the ? dark if your aunt had listened tu me. I begged j and prayed ; I went down on my knees to her ; ! I warned her, as I told you just now. Must I ! tell you what a headstrong woman Miss Letitia j was ? She insisted. She put the choice before j nie of leaving her at once and for ever or \ giving in. I wouldn't have given in to any other creature on the face of this earth. I am obstinate, as you have often told me. Well, your aunt's obstinacy beat mine ; I was too fond of her to say no. Besides, if you ask me who was to blame in the first place, I tell you it wasn't your aunt — she was frightened into it.' ' Who frightened her?' ' Your godfather — the great London sur geon — he who was visiting in our house at the time.' 'Sir Richard?' 'Yes; Sir Richard. He said he wouldn't answer for the consequences, in the delicate state of your health, if we told you the truth. Ah, he had it all his own way after that. He went with Miss Letitia to the inquest; he won over the coroner and the newspaper men to his will ; he kept your aunt's name out of the papers ; he took charge of the coffin ; he hired the undertaker and his men, strangers from London ; he wrote the certificate — who but he ! Everybody was cap in hand to the famous man !' 'Surely the servants and the neighbors asked questions ?' 'Hundreds of questions! What did that matter to Sir Richard? They were like so many children in his hands. And, mind you, the luck helped him. To begin with, there was the common name. Who was to pick out your poor father among the thousands of James Browns? Then, again, the house and lands went to the male hen:, as they called him — the man yoxir father quarrelled with in the bygone time. He brought his own establishment with him. Long before you got back from the friends you were staying with — don't you remember it? — we had cleared out of the house ; we were miles and miles away, and the old servants were scattered abroad, finding new situations wherever they could. How could you suspect us ? We had nothing to fear in that way, but my conscience pricked me. I made another attempt to prevail on Miss Letitia when you had recovered your health. I said — ' There is no fear of a relapse now. Break it.to her. gently, but tell her the truth.' No* Your aunt was too fond of you. She daunted me with dreadful fits of crying when I tried to persuade her. And that wasn't the worst of it. She bade me remember what an. excitable nian your father w&s; she reminded me that the wiisery of your mother's death laid him low with Lrain ft ver. She said — ' Emily tak*s iifUr her father; 1 have heaixl you say it yr.imtlf. Siio lias his c»nstitH±ii-n and ' his sensitive nerves-. Don't you know hew she loved him — how she t;Uks -.} him to this day? Who cau tell,, if we aie n-.-t careful, what dreadful mischief \3re- may do':* That was how my matress worked on uje. I got infected with her, feais ; it was as if I liad caught an infection, of disease. Oh, my dear, blame me. if it must be,, bat don't I forget how I have suffered, for it since! I was driven away from my dying mistress, in terror i of what she might say while you were watching at her bedside. I have lived in. fear of what yon might ask me, and. have loaded to go back to you, and have not Had the eo*urage to do it. Look at me now !' The poor woman tried to take out her hana^ kerchief; Ler quivering hand helplessly en tangled itself in b#r dress. 'I can't even dry my eyes,' she said faintifcyv 'Try to forgtve me, miss.' Emily put lier arms, round the old aurse-s neck and kissed her. For a while they \rere silent. Through the window tkat was. open to the little garden came the. one sound that could be heard — the gentle trembling of leaves in the evening wind. The silence -R-as harshly broken by the bell at the cottage door. They boU« started. Emily's heart heat fast, ' Who cau it b? \' ' she asked. ; Mrs. Ellmother rose. 'Shall I eay you can't see anybody?' she asked before leaving th» room. . ' 'Yes, yes !'. Emily heard the door opened, heard loir voices in the passage. There was a momentary interval ; then Mrs. Elhnother returned. Sh« eaid nothing. Emily spoke to her. Is it a visitor?' ' Yes.' ' Have you said I can't see anybody?' I couldn't say it.' 'Why not?' . ,' -OonTt ^ h/lrd on hha^ mv dear-' It's Mr. Alban ^lorns. (To be continued.) 