In Divers Places. BY A SEA-SCARER. The strangest of the numberless stories I have heard from old divers was the relation of what happened to a man whose time, he said, had been much of it spentunder water. We met on Christmas Eve, during a journey in a second-class carriage, and the story he told me and the only two other passengers in the compartment appears incredible I There are, however, the two other persons to vouch for tile facts, only, unfortunately, as they were perfect strangers to me, I have not their names and addre.ssos. But as he offered to take me down to the spot anl show me what he had seen- supposing the circumstances to remain the same-I can hardly dare to cast discredit on his experience; particularly as I declined to take the measure he proposed to assure me of the truth of his story. I had better give it in his own words "'Twern't long since," said he, "I were engaged to go dorii to a ship what was said to have a lot of old silver dollars aboard her, and the party as wanted me wished the job done of a night, and I were furnished with a 'lectric light to take down with me, as it was thought I might make more discoveries by that than by daylight. Well, down I went, and soon landed on the deck. The vessel lay upright, but everything had been washed away, so that the cabin could be entered by the opening where the skylight was. As it was there that the specie was expected to be found, I at once made aft-having come on board at the bows. The main hatchway was open, and turning my lamp to shine down it, the deck was in shade, when I was startled to see a faint gleam coming up out of the cabin lights. However, I thought, ' Tis only the bulkhead is broke away, and the light of my lamp coming up through the water.' I turned my light towards the bows, but still the same gleam came from the cabin. This seemed queer, and I thought it might be what they call prosperpeasant light-or some I such name-and might come from dead bodies. Now for they sort o' things, I'dseen too many to feel queer of 'em, so up I goes to the cibin light. What I sees there beats all I ever s-es aforeor since ; and though I were a hit F.-:red at first, I son goot all right, and took god notice of what I saw. This is what it wer - " Ia und the cabin table were three men the captain, as I supposed, at the head. They diidn't look exactly alive, and yet they did. Each of themn shone with the light I was tell ing you of, so I could' see them quite plain. Each of 'erm had a glass of grog by him, and they was playing at some game with cards. Well, thinks I, this is a rum go, to be sure. ]But, not being afeard-'cos it ain't my nature to-I watched 'em for some time, till I got so set on the game they was playing, that I clean forgot tile work I was gone down for. They was playing a game of betting on one card out of three, and the bets was ill in hard silver dollars. The sight of these re minded me, at last, of my duty, and I thinks to myself, ' Counters, my lads, will be good enough for you to play with, so I'll have them dollars; and I don't fancy you can stop me.' To be sure, there was no counters to be got there-only the ' counter' of thle ship, and that weren't no use by itsel-but I thought I would act honest by them, as I alway has, and bring them down a stock of counters in a day or two, and that delay couldn't matter to folk who had all eternity to play in. But, as it turned out, I managed the affair differently, for as I entered the cabin, the captain he asks me to take a hland, iquite pleasant like, and 'Bill,' says lie to one of the others, 'get-oun a glass,-and the rum;' which he did. Yes, it was rum, as you say, gents. So down I sits at table, and there we was, four men-or one man and three ghosts, which you like- just as it might be us four as is sitting here now, barring being three of us spirits-though, gents, if either of you has a drop of spiritin a flask, it would help on a dry throat at this talking. Thank ye. SWell, as I were saying, I sat down, and this was the game. Each one in turn took three cards from the pack-showed what they were, and then shuffled them, and threw them face down on the table. One of the others then bet which was the highest card, and if he won the dealer paid him, and if he lost le paid the dealer. I had a rare run of luck, for you see, 'twas a simple sort of game, and I guess that one live man is more than a match for three dead ones ! I soon cleared out their pockets, and thle cap. brought out a large box full of dollars from his state room, and at it we went again. " Well, to make a long story short, I won their bottom dollar, and then we was obliged to stop. They didn't like it, but took it quiet like, and made me promise to come soon again and give them their revenge. Did I? No, I don't rightly rembemler that I did. So we shook hands, friendly, and I went up on deck-with the dollars, you may be sure -and as I passed the open skylight, I saw them all lying on the lockers in the cabin, just like a lot of corpses. My movements disturbing the water, made them roll a bit, and it looked as if they was stirring in their dleeýp. " fow did I secure the dollars? Well, there's secrets, they say, in all trades, and if .,n chl dliver can't go deep enough into 'ecm, I should like to know who could I At any rate, I squared my employer with a story that when 1 searched the vessel (which, you know, I never did) I didn't find any dollars, and that I could take my bible oath that there wasn't a single dollar on board at that mo me.nt-which was true as gospel-and he took it all down like a hoyster; and here's one of the dollars, as I keeps in remem brance, which also goes to prove the fact. "LNow, gents, wasn't that as queer a sort of experience as could be for a man to have ? And, for my part, all I can say is that it was very queer. Now, gents," continued the diver, " I dare say as you las a sort of curiosity to see what sort of game it was we played in that cabin, not to speak of feeling wishful to play with a man as had taken a hand at cards with three corpses ; so if either of you happens to have a lpas:k of cards about you, I'll just show you the sort of game it was." One of the other men said lie lha1 a pack in his bag, so he got it out, and thie diver takes three cards, a knavr asd twi. others. "Here they are-look at 'emi well," he says, "and watch me spread 'emn on this cushion. There, now, I bet.either of you you won't pick out the court card-I'll lay a quid you don't !" The ian who lent tlo park took the bet and won, but the diver objected, as he might have some private mark on the backs of the court cards in his pack. However, the other man was equally successful, and when I tried my luck I won two or three times, andl then a bad run set in, and I lost again and again, and might have lost more, but thlat we stopped at thel station, where, it so Ihappened, all my three fellow travellers got out. Just one sentence more before I conclude this true history. On my arrival in London, I told my tale and the diver's story to a literary friend, and althoughs a sailor has to put up with many hard blows, 1 think I .never got so hard a one as he gave me. " Why," says he, " that diving story was all got up to introduce the well-known three. card trick to a flat, and the other two men were ' bonnets,' and you, you son of a sea cook, were just well bonnetted 1" Reminiscenes of an American Detective. A hotel we may call the Roscoe House was more like a boarding house than an hotel; it was without a bar, or even a cigar stand, and it was the resort of a number of the elite; of young men and families who preferred its quiet, home-like attractions, aud who had money to pay handsomely for the very best of service, cuisine, and atten tion. It was " toney" in the extreme. But the proprietor of tle Roscoe House was nearly at his wits' end-a black sheep had somehow slipped in among his flock, and was preying upon the valuables of his guests. Watches, rings, chains, and bracelets were missing, and latterly even money w.is spirited away in the most mysterious man ner. It was a terrible plight, and all the boarders were assailing him with complaints, and demanding that "'something must be done." Aside from the loss, the idea that a disreputable being was among them was terrible. There was no clue, and what set the pro. prietor nearly distracted, was the imminent danger he ran in pouncing upon some in nocent person. It is bad enough ordinarily to arrest the wrong person, but in this case it would be doubly so, from the character of the guests in his establishment. The rascal was shrewd above his class, and would most certainly "spot" any ordinary detec tive. Detective Gairn was detailed for the investigation, and took up his head-quarters at the Roscoe House. For some time after his arrival no depredations were committed. During this interim, a young man named Harry Evermond, an Englishman of great wealth and exceeding style, put up at the Roscoe House, bearing a letter to the host from well-known notables. Of course this was bruited among the guests, and as Mr. Evermond was handsome, wealthy, and of good family, he was much sought after, especially by mammns with marriageable daughters. He was sorely the lion of the hour, and "mine host" heard no further threats of a stampede among the guests. Evermond had not been three days in the house before there was another robbery. Young Mr. Brinton was despoiled of a valuable gold watch and a diamond stud, which he allirmed he left securely locked in his trunk. The excitement broke out anew, and the landlord, under the pressure of the complaints from his patrons for not having employed detectives, confessed, as a dead secret, that Gairn was a detective. It was in view of this contingency that the superin tendent of the detectives devised a plan which will be disclosed later-a plan which, had it not been adopted, might have oc casioned great delay, and additional losses. It is a fla:t which often militates against sceec s, !hat thfose who employ secret agents li much to shelter the rascals by their ina bility to keep the matter a secret. They will point out the agents to friends, who, in turn, do the same to others. It was thus that Gairn was " uncovered " to all the inmates of the house, and his usefulness materially injured, if not entirely destroyed. The landlord cautioned young Evermond, who seemed to be lather careless about his valuables, and very liberal with "tips " to the waiters. The young men of the house found him a capital companion, and were eager to show him around, and he, in turn, was just as eager to be shown around. The most stylish person in the place was Mr. August Leonard. As a gentleman considera bly older, and of vastly more experience, the young Englishman. seemed drawn towards iim, and as the days went by the intimacy increased. Again the Roscoe was excited by another theft. A certain broker and Mr. Leonard were the unlucky ones-the former losing a quantity of his deceased wife's jewellery, and the latter a considerable sum of money, mostly in gold. The landlord rushed to the detective's head-quarters, fumed and stormed, and insisted upon the performance of a miracle in his case. It was only after the repetition of emphatic assuranccs that the thief would soon be brought to the front, that the excited man could be pacified. He wanted to know a great deal that the chief would not tell him, and was, therefore, obliged to rest content with the general statement that the thief would be "turned up" soon. When tie landlord returned to the hotel Evermond asked, as a favor, to be assigned to a room adjoining his new-found friend Leonard, and the request was granted. In the course of the day, Evermond, some what alarmed by the thieving, asked his friend's advice as to certain valuables, and mentioned incidentally that lie had some where about two hundred pounds in his desk. They went out that evening together, the young Englishman inviting Leonard to have a seat at his box in the theatre. Be fore the performance was over Leonard was summoned hy a messenger boy and excused himself. He was hardly out of the theatre when Evermond left also, and, taking a cab, was driving to the hotel at a furious rate. He stole up to his room and placed himself under the bed to await developments. It was not long before lie ohard the lock turned, and a figure entered and began to make free with various articles in the room. The figure left as stealthily as it came, lock ing the door. Passing down stairs, this figure, which was none other than Leonard, met Gairn. He called him aside and said: . " I am well aware of your business here, my dear sir, and have been awaiting a fa vorable opportunity of asking your special attention for the valuables of my young friend Evermond, who has an unusual amount of property, and is, I must say, very careless." " Arrest him, Gairn; he has the swag on his person." This was spoken by Evermond, who had quietly followed his false friend downstairs. Leonard's room was searched, but nothing recovered ; he was far too shrewd for that. Keys to nearly all the rooms were found on his person. By the aid of these he gained access to the rooms at favorable times, and was able to live very luxuriantly upon Iis stealings. The landlord of the Roscoe could hardly believe that his whilom guest was also a detective, who had been at work right under his nose all the time. Leonard, who had installed himself at the Roscoe House with the intention of making a raise in an altogether different way, but had been obliged to await the recovery of his "pal " from a sudden attack of sickness, observed the opportunity of lifting valuables, and could not allow it to pass. Gairn, from several little trifles, selected Leonard as the rascal, and whlien Evermond made his entree it was to play into Leonard's hands. A door between the rooms, now nailed up, suggested the idea of watching Leonard's private acts. When, therefore, Evermond succeeded in establishing himself in that room, he made a small orifice in the wood, and soon saw enough to establish Leonard's guilt. He saw Leonard take impressions of Skiys in wax, anud that is enough for any detective to base operations upon. The patrons of the Roscoe were at last freed from their hlack sheep, but some of them I felt a little touchy over the young English i gentleman who had cut such a dash for the time being, I -.- . ·. 