Amusements. Gaiety Theatbe. — So long a time had elapsed since Mr. Alfred Dampier had been previously seen in- the legitimate drama that many of his younger admirers might have been ignorant of the fact that he had taken no mean rank as a Shakespearian actor, till they were reminded of it on Friday night by his appearance in the part of Hamlet. His in terpretation of that most snbtle and com plex character was marked by great intelli gence, and it was evident that every line of the text had been diligently studied. The vacillating and melancholy disposition of the Prince was strongly emphasised, and a tolerably successful attempt was made to enow that his hesitation and his fitful energy spring- from that cause. Much tendemes3 was exhibited in the well known scene with Ophelia. The interview with the ghost was impressive, and the same may be said of that situation whore the Prince's colloquy with his mother is suddenly interrupted by the second apparition of ' the majesty of buried Den mark.' The performance was under the patronage of Lord Augustus Loftus and suite. To- night Henry Pettitt'e drama of the ' Block Flag ' will be per formed. New Opeea House. — 'The Naked Truth' will be presented for: the last time this evening. On Monday night Mr. George Darrell's sensational Australian play, entitled 'Transported for Life,' will be produced. New Olympic. — In 'Acis and Galatea,' Mr. Raphael's burlesque company has made' a decided bit/ With such pleasant music, spirited acting, sprightly dancing, and capital singing as the piece in question has afforded, success indeed must have been assured. There will be a change of programme to night, when will be given the late H. J. Byron's burlesque of 'Don Juan, Jun.,' with new scenery, costumes, &c;, and witn the latest music and dances. Tkeatke Eoyal; — On Friday night, in the pre sence of a large and fashionable audience, Miss Alice Sees took her farewell, of the Sydney stage in the character of the heroine of ' Patience,' which was revived for that occasion only. She had never been in better voice, and her- really brilliant singing rendered the performance a thoroughly delightful one. Every number which ehe - gave was applauded to the echo and enthu siastically encored. The feeling manifested by her bearers left no doubt as to their full appreciation of the gifted artist whom they were about to lose. This evening 'lolanthe' will be produced. It will be remembered that it was withdrawn in the very height of its popularity a few months ago, in consequence of the engagement of Mr. Dion Bouciciult ; so that a triumphant run may be safely predicted for it during the twelve nights to which, according to announce ment, it will now be limited. Miss Alice Barnett will Bustain her original character of the Fairy Queen; Mr. Howard Vernon will appear for the first time as the Chancellor, and the caste will include Miss Nellie Stewart. Fbyee's Circus.— The proprietor of tbis show has certainly no reason to feel dissatisfied with his experience of Sydney, as far as it has gone. Crowds have 'witnessed the performances already given — per- formances which, in some respects, are perfectly unique. Their most remarkable features were re ferred to in a former notice, and in tbis instance, it must tu.3ice to speak of them in general terms, and to say that the sagacity shown by the four-footed performers, and; the feats they accomplish, are something marvellous. ' But, while we again ca.ll attention to those equine, canine, and other animal wonders, we must not forget the clever aorobats, gymnasts, and, above all, the *' mnsical clown ' of Mr. Fryer's troupe. Among its members the publio will have recognised an old ac quaintance in the ' man serpent,' Bartello, and still older ones in the Messrs, Samwells, both of whom were connected with a company which, many yeaxs ago, met with extraordinary Buccess in these colonies. Academy op Music. — This hall, winch has been closed since the Federal Minstrels gave their fare well performance in it lust Saturday night, will open this evening with the Bickards-Leete Combination. As good wine is said to need no bush, bo, it is pre sumed, that Harry Bick&rds;'s celebrity in his line is EUniciently acknowledged to dispense with any thing1 in the shape of the puff preliminary. In his company is included Mr. Edgar Austin, described as the. 'lightning cartoonist,' and who is said to dis play very remarkable talent in his speciality. Alhambea Music Hali.. — Songs, dances, charac ter sketches, nigger funniments, &c.; — the whole making up a decidedly amusing entertainment — are nightly given by Mr. Frank Smith's Variety Com pany, and with results of the most encouraging kind for the manager, and those who nave enlisted under his banner. . . 