LITERATURE Hampton Court Palace.* Hampton Court Palace, its gardens, and the ad- jacent park of Bushey, are one of the greatest boons within easy reach of the tired Londoner. There he may feel, in more than ordinary degree, amid its red brick courts, solemn cloisters, picturesque gables, turrets, towers, embattled parapets, and mullioned and latticed windows, that indescribable charm which invests all ancient and historic places. Moreover, by the aid of an unbroken series of historical pictures and portraits he inay recall the past with a vividness that no book can excite; then, when satiated with art and archaeology, he can relax the mind by wandering beneath the shade of Queen Anne's stately avenue of chestnuts and limes; stroll in the ever-delightful gardens, where Wolsey paced in anxious meditation a few weeks before his fall; where Henry VIII. made love to Anne Boleyn and Jane Seymour ; along the paths where Queen Eliza- beth took her daily morning walk; past the Tennis Court, where Charles I. played his last game before he escaped from the palace; beneath the bower where Mary sat at needlework with her maids of honour; along the terrace to the bowling-green where George II. made love to Mrs. Howard and Mary Bellenden; under the lime groves, which sheltered from the sun Pope and Hervey, Swift and Addison, Walpole and Bolingbroke. It is not Hampton Court of to-day that Mr. Law writes so capably of, but the palace and gardens of Wolsey and Henry VIII., before William of Orange imprinted his spick and span Dutch taste upon them. In his introduction the author lucidly, and with great care, traces the history of Hampton Court, from its first mention in the Doomesday Book in 1086 until the 11th January, 1575, when the manor of Hampton Court, together with its appurtenances, was leased by the prior, Sir Thomas Doowra, and his brethren knights, of the Hospital of Sir John, to the Most Reverend Father in God, Thomas Wolsey, Archbishop of York, for a term of 99 years at a rent of £50 a year. Many causes combined to decide the great Cardinal in the choice of Hampton Court as the site of his new palace, but the principal reasons were its extraordinary salubrity and its proximity to London:— "Indeed it would take Wolsey searcely more time to be rowed down by eight stout oarmen, from Hampton Court to the stairs of his palace at Whitehall, than it now takes one to go up to Waterloo Station by the south-western trains. Space will not allow us to dwell on the ingenuity and industry with which Wolsey overcame all the obstacles in the way of the fulfilment of his desire, in teresting as Mr. Law's account is. It must suffice to say that the palace stands, as a memorial of his suc- cessful production of an almost perfect specimen of Tudor palatial architecture. The thoroughness with which he carried out every detail connected with his chronicle in stone may he estimated from the fact that, so excellent, in truth, was his system of drainage that it was not found necessary to interfere with or supersede it till the year 1871\. The laying down of the lead pipes, for the con- veyance of a pure water supply from Coombe, a dis- tance of three miles, Mr. Law tells us, must have cost him £50,000. Gardens, building, furnishing, were all carried out on a scale of equal magnificence. The author informs us that the Venetian Ambassador, in a special report on England which he made to the Doge and Senate, wrote:— "Cardinal Wolsey is very anxious for the Signory to send him a hundred Damascene carpets, and expected to receive them by the last galleys." The Ambassador urged the Senate to make the present. "As even should the Signory itself not choose to incur the expense, the slightest hint to the London factory would induce that body to take it on themselves." And this gift in the Ambassador's opinion might easily settle the affair of the wines of Candia, 'that is to say, induce the repeal of the duty on sack im- ported by Venetian subjects." But to discuss the matter further, added he, "until the Cardinal receives his carpets would be idle." We learn later on that the Signory apparently took this view, for in Wolsey's inventory is a reference to 60 carpets received from Venice on October 24, 1521. Still, after taking this fact into consideration, and, not forgetting the other valuable presents he must have received, the outlay must have been colossal, even according to our ideas. Many, quaint and curious, are the bills for the silks and tapestries with which the walls were hung. Mr. Law, in order to give some idea of the enormous value of the tapestries, tells us that £2500 was given for three of the eight pieces at Kensington, and these formed but an insignificant portion of his whole collection. The author gives a long and detailed description of his retinue, his costly entertainments and expenditure, and of his private life at Hampton Court. His estimate of Wolsey's private character coincides with that of the late Mr. Brewer, from whom he draws largely for many of his facts: — "Not that Wolsey was the slave of a vulgar vanity, but magnificent in all his doings — in plate, dress, tapes- try, pictures, buildings, the furniture of a chapel or a palace, the setting of a ring, or the arrangement for a congress, there was the same regal taste at work, the same powerful grasp of little things or great. A soul as capacious as the sea, and minute as the sand upon its shores, when minuteness was required, he wonld do nothing meanly. The last great builder this country ever had, the few remains that survive him show the yastness of his mind and the universality of his genius." Except with political acts directly connected with the palace, Mr. Law does not treat, but mention is made of the satires and lampoons of Roy, Barlow, and Skelton against his extravagance and ostentation; and of Wolsey's characteristic reply to Dr. Barnes, one of the Puritanic set: "How think you? were it better for me, being in honour and dignity that I am, to coin my pillars and pole-axes, and give the money to five or six beggars ? Do you not reckon the com- ! monwealth more than five or six beggars?" After the disgrace of Wolsey and his retirement to Esher, Henry VIII. took up his residence there with Anne Boleyn. It was at the palace he married Jane Sey- mour. Anne of Cleeves spent the days while waiting, with complete composure, for her divorce there. The brief period of his infatuation for Catherine Howard was passed to the palace, and it was in the Queen's closet that he privately married Catherine Parr. One of the principal points to which the Court and household of Henry VIII. differed from those of a modern English sovereign was in the vast number of persons who habitually resided and were provided for at the King's expense within the walls of the royal manor, consequently Henry VIII.'s alterations and additions were most extensive; but none of his suc- cessors added to the palace we believe until William III., and Mr. Law's chronicle closes with the death of Queen Elizabeth. Both Edward VL and Mary spent much of their time at Hampton Court, and Queen Elizabeth entertained a strong attachment to the place, and exercised the most lavish hospitality. "The sum total of the charges for the eating and drinking of the privy table amounted to £80,000 of the then currency," for a period of six months. The author's account of the amusements of the palace, and of all the romantic associations connected with it, is both entertaining and interesting, albeit he occasionally indulges in scandal, even about Queen Elizabeth, and devotes too much space to analysing the authenticity of the apparition of Mrs. Penn, the best known of historical ghosts, and the many other strange superstitions which still linger about the place. A word as to the illustrations. They are numerous and excellent. Mr. Law has done his work in an effective and exhaustive manner. Hampton Court is so rich in historic association that it is surprising no one has forestalled his pleasing and suggestive volume. In his preface Mr. Law leads his readers to hope that at no distant date he will continue his researches up to the present day, and we trust that this hope will be realised. To those readers who know and love the place it will recall pleasant memories, and the others who have not been so fortunate will find it an accurate and picturesque description of one of the most beautiful places in the old country. 