THE ETHICS OF THE SUPER- NATURAL. At the Collins street Independent Church last evening the Rev. D Jones Hamer de- livered the first of series of lectures on "Some Fallacies of Current Scepticism." The subject of last night's discourse was "The Ethics of the Supernatural." The Rev. D Jones Hamer, who took as his text the words of John xiv., 19, " Because I live, ye shall Iive also," said :—I have announced the subject of my lecture this evening in terms which I use only through want of better. Definition of mean- ing is therefore not only advisable, but essential. The word " supernatural " is so commonly understood to imply a rough defiance, if not destruction, of natural laws, as to rouse in some minds suspicion and doubt, tending to a disposition to deny its existence. Natural processes, within the range of our observation and experience, seem to be so invariable, or to vary within such small and easily specified limits, that we find it difficult to admit or imagine the possibility of alteration. But men are grow- ing toward a truer understanding of things every day—they conceive of wiider relations and mightier energies. We say to-day that it is a fallacy to think or speak of a " law " as anything more than the statement of a method of usual operation. Law has no power, and it contains no element of cause. The law discovered by careful induction, by observation and experiment, is prob- ably reliable and stable. But would it be scientific to say more concerning it than is sometimes scoffingly said concerning treaties between nations—that it stands good until it is broken. A sensible man, a faith- fully scientific man, will not say more than that about any conclusion reached by obser- vation and experiment. He knows that often what has been supposed to be final has been challenged by facts newly brought to light. The calculating machine itseIf, constructed so as to present numbers in regular suc- cession from unity upwards, breaks down at a certain point. It counts on, Mr. Babbage tells us, without a variation, up to 100 mil- lions, an achievement which would be sub- stantial ground for believing that it would never vary at all. It begins the next million all right, but, at that point, instead of show- mg 100,000,002, it shows 100,010,002, and next lOO,O3O,0O3, and then 100,060,001 Now, what does the observer say ? It would be very foolish for him to say, " Here is defiance of law, breach of invariable procedure, " for the facts have shown a variation. He wisely and justly says, " My former word must be enlarged and adjusted." He notices that the numbers, though not occurring as he expected, are not lawless and erratic ; they come in a calculable series, which goes on for a while with a regularity which is real, though dif- ferent from the former one, until it, in its turn, gives place to another more intricate still, demanding that the observer shall again modify his conception. Now, as such varia- tions occur, after Iong invariable persistence in a mere machine, is it not infinitely more likely that variations will take place in an order of things wherein a personal will is actual and operative? The intelligence and will of man uses the forces of nature to-day in a fashion which would have been pro- nounced supernatural by his ancestors. More than that, he could not make them under- stand the perfect naturalness of his methods. They would not know the meaning of the words by which he would try to explain. The will of man, directing his energy and industry, has changed the face of the world, and even affected the very climate of its con- tinents. It is then, surely, nothing impos- sible, or even hard of credence, that God may, exercising His wisdom and powers in ways we cannot yet even imagine, use the laws He has established, and the forces under His control, for the, to us, startling and unusual doing of some deed which shall manifest His presence and His love. We must enlarge our concep- tion of law to find room for the operation of the will of God. We must expand our de- finitions to afford recognition of His pre- sence and activity and grace. The very widest outlook we can take must have its limit, because full-grown, we are but finite ; yet we may perhaps climb to a height which will enable us to see that what we once dis- tinguished as natural and supernatural, are but different forms of the operation of His will in whom " all things consist. " I con- fess to an ambition to be of some use to earnest and honest men and women who may be perplexed by some of the assertions, or attracted by some of the allurements, of cur- rent scepticism. We Independents are pledged to demand and maintain the privi- lege of free thought. It is the right of man. But it must be worthy of its name. It must be free, and it must be thought. Prejudice against must be disallowed as imperiously as prejudice for. And the man's facul- ties must be alert, quick, vivid. Intel- lectual laziness is a man self-condemnation. A sceptic is not a disbeliever. He is a man who is looking ; his judgment is in suspense for the time. With regard to some subjects this is probably the position of every one of us. Only as things press with practical im- portance do we feel impelled to decisive conviction. My hearers, I feel that with regard to the claims of Jesus Christ scepti- cism is loss, suspense is disaster ; and that the highest service which I can render to my brother man is to lead him to see that the assertions and arguments which hold him in hesitation are fallacious, and so win him to move forward and enter into the heritage which so many of us have found to be great and incalculably precious. Myj position in this lecture may be stated thus-It is a fallacy to suppose that we can retain all that is use- fully operative and of value in the New Tes- tament, and at the same time discard what are termed the supernatural elements of the GospeIs. I have no quarrel with the man who feels restive when he is confronted by these claims, when he is asked to believe things which are unusual, things which are is mysterious and inexplicable as life itself \a well quarrel with a fellow mortal who bullers birth pangs or growing pains I expect a man to be restive I would rather deal with 8Ueh a man tnnn with one who is credulous. T his last may be weak, lind la?}, or careless Probably, with linn, the proverb would prove itself true-' I asy come, easy go ' But the other is evidently thoughtful, self respectful, nnd nine I say to bim "lace the question, think it out, the conclu sion )ou will reach is worth an) ellort to attain' But I can understand the power of a plausible suggestion to such a man, to seek an easier p ith, or one which looks as though it might be easier Especially it the tempta tion assails lum w lien he ia wear), andina lost energv to compel his re ison to nn nncon gem ii task or if lie« be pre occupied, if the torrent of life has caught lum in its nish, and he, nothing loth but hiving, he feels, little energ) lo-pare, if at such times a specious voice shoull whisper-"You ma) have nil that 13 worth having m Cluistianitv, its noble impulses, its sublime ethics, its large unselfishness of life, without culling upon yourself to credit its Bupernatural events, or even toexammeinto their reality" such a suggestion npj caía at once to smooth the pith ot the wn)tarer , it beems to wave a wand, mid behold, ' the Hill Diflicult) " has bubsided into a level plain , and "the Palace beautiful stands with open door, ready for bun to enter and repose But does not the promised ease of the pioccs» huggett a doubt na to its uihclitv? Can it I e good for a man t> have no battle to light' Can Ins manhood be complete without the robustness which comes by conflict? I think I could dare to btal e the strength ot in) position upon an nrgument taken along that line alone, but that would leud me nvvii) irom ni) proposed object this evening Holding the New Testa ment in my limul reading it honestly, giving the recoid fair pla), 1 ask-"Cuni disbnk the ethics, the moni teaching, from the events which nre related-1 vents winch arc called supernatural ' Some men now a dii}s wojld desire to achieve this M) lonuction 13 that they stand or fall together Let us see. I here is no question, 1 mi iginc, that the foremost man the Christian Church has known as a teacher of ethics is he who appears ill the history, first na Saul oí tarsus, and afterw irds as Paul the Apostle Here are writings of his which )ou may trust as being genuine 'Hie) lune stood the ti st of every court of mquir) nobody to da) seriousl) questions that tiley are what they claim to be-letters written by Paul Ile was a scholarly man, his lue vva3 un blemished in honour, *'«e blood ot the princes of his people ran in his veins he was earl) m life chosen to a positon which tew could attain, and a splendid career la) before him Something occurre 1 which turned that man right round, converted lum, and, mark you, lus re ison shows no sign ot parafais It remains mugnihccnt in vivid force His character shows no llaccidity , it ib grand in zeal But the man is changed His estimates of things are reversed What once he reckoned of chiet value, ho Ihngs aside us reluse What once he hated and tried to destroy, he gives his life to maintain and spread He Bbrikes )ou us a man who would acorn a he He i" one whose word can be truBted Both in speech and m writing he tells the btory of tins ciiange, and he cannot take}ou with bun two steps into its incidents without facing the auperjiattiial Now, here is a moral character winch holds the attention ot every rational and candid student by the mighty spell of ita earnest ness, its nitegrit), its heroism, and its reality Chargea were brought njnnst Paul, it is true, but the v were of such sort as, when submitted to the juelgment of a secular court, »ere contemptuously dismissed, or de- clared to be without relevimcj '1 brough the long course of the time during which he is the centre hguie 111 even pieluri the nura tivc sketches, he does nothing that t-h uid cast a ile ubt upon lhe rclmbihti of histe-ti mom Such t cb inge as took place in bun could have no ordinal) cause, the cause must be one ndequate to the cfiect It 13 absolute!) impossible to disentangle the per aonal moral charuclerof Paul irom the hupe natural incidents of his conversion. He him self confronts «s a. we lnrpurt w ith thi3 di- lemma - Littler these things are biston cully true, or 1 am a har, a false witness of God Hew ill not Inn e y ou admire lus cha racter and doubt lus word Ho will not have Inn testimony explained away He repudiates the spurious generosity that would offer boiwur to the raes sender, and scout his message ion niuat tal e bim and trust lum "all in all, or not at all Hie nractical ethics of his teaching are rooted in these Bama great facts de elared to be historical, and y et to be described ns supernatural In every letter be exhorts men to the pncticeot pure and noble morals He touches all the practical details ot every day behaviour, und nothing is more note worthy than the way m which he linds the motive force for m irai life m spiritual nature, winn is what it is by reas i oí the íutluene» ol facts which are supern..ter 1 ile would have men 1 eep their body pu le and healthy, for a human bo ly ima leen a hallowed shrine it li is been the means of manifesting Old the medium of His speech and mighty deed ficicbukes evil speaking and brawl nig talc heating, and mischief making, he encourages gentleness patience forbearance an 1 roots Ins rebuke and Ins exhortation nhle in the fact ot a new life into which Christi ins have c une, and ii power which ho describes as the receiving of the Holy Ghost Ile seel s to brace men into robust stcudiasiness and firm purpose in life and he eathers behind such te idling as its motive power nothing less than the truth of immorUility, Be lied and certified by the tremendous historic tuet ot the rising lr m the de id ot Jesus Christ. Ile stirs men to generosity, full und systematic, and oilers no meaner cica ti ve enerby and inducement for this thin a re iii.in. of the sacrilice of Christ His norla touch a region of utmost binctity, but they reiterate a fict- ' Though He v. is rich yet for ycur s ikes lie became poor tint ye through His poverty might be rich ' lhere ib no meaning in those sylla bles if what is called the Incarnation and the Atonement be not true According to Paul, in these fuels and their teachings 13 ihe only sullicieut lue loree of uii-clti.h and uncalcu luting generosity Piula whole ethical ays tem is the blossom m 1 the f _it of a tree which has its roots 111 facts ot well attested history, but withal of supernatural character Now, it may perhaps bLtissertid that the case is not satisfactorily concluded by au appeal 11 the w ritui|,3 of I aul the apostle, or ev en to the teachings of any Christian disciple lliey were at best only learnei. or messengers. 1 here are some who Would have us behevo that the simplicity ot the Gospel sulfercd as they wrought interíneos from its facts, it is said that tho design winch is evident in the system of doctrine prejentcd by the apostles is, after all the scheme of a theologian much more really than it is the proclamation of a herald, and that just bolnras Paul and his companions became theologians they Inn dered the acceptance ai d lessened the power 01 the bimpln truth as it 13 111 Jesus I do not propose to discuss tins view of the mrtter to night though vou will easily see that at no point is it sine Irom challenge I will deal with the objection 111 what is surely most thorough fashion I will turn from Paul to Christ. I wilipili, by those innumerable re corded words ot His which assert or describe facts of sui crnatural character, winch now beck to renew cour ige und re animate faith by reminding disci, les of what mighty works they had seen Ulm do, and tv men at other times seek to provi le D_uinat future Btrain by pr phesying to these same disciples of mightier dee Is that should yet be done I will be content if you will muk. with me 11 candid and thorough examination of what is called the Sermon on the Mount, lor I con less that I ennnot undeiatand how any man acce] tinn these ehapten as fnthfut records of the words of Jesus, cin imunine that His mor ii teaching can be disentangled from the facts of the supcrn ltural ceitainly the morality is intertwine 1 with théologie doe truie ind the motiva of the moral lue lies completely tu the sphere of the sue ernaturil But tor this all the glow, all the colour, tho vei) life itself departs and lenves the noble in I supreme morality, palo and grey and corpse like, 113 the snows 011 mountain tops are lett in their weird and awful pallor when the lust shaft of sunlight has struck them, an I the day 13 done lly common consent, the ethics of the Sermon on the Mount ure the very supreme ot all that ever human bpa shaped into language or human imaginant 11 cuneen ed Men who would Beek to dismiss supernatural help and interference from the recion of practical human life tell ns that morality supplies its oh ii motives, that the duty plainly pointed out will at once be el me, and that the higher the morality the moie imperatives anil adequate will be the foice of its inherent power This is not the mind ot Jesus Christ Ho makes high demands but He linds an adequate motive force, not in the stutement of tho duty, but in the power ot theological truth or super- natural fact-" Pray for them which despite lull) use )ou and persecute )ou , that )c may be the children ot your 1 iither which IB ill heaven for Ile tuaketh nia sun to nao on tile evil and on the good, and aendeth rain on the ji st and on the unjust ' Who con read this without feeling convinced that theru ia something more than a self maintaining morality-something moro than "morality touched b) emotion'? lhe whole biddanco is of such sort ns demanda a science of theolog) to expound it fully, and is dependent upon a force coming down upon human lue from a realm above Christ exhorts men to forgive as they aro lorgiven, mid that they may bo able to receive Gods mercy Ila teaches us to pray for "daily bread ' Ho seeks to hit us above distracting care, and the stimulating uplifting power ot these behests lies 111 a region where God is known as a providence, where ' spirit with spirit can meet, and where 1 peisonnl will moves in its Ireedom ot wise love for the gift of good thin s to the children of the Heavenly I ather I need not extend these instances. \ou have seen enough to enable j ou to judgo that an attempt to separate the highest morality of dull) life fruin théologie doctrine anil supernatural fact linds no cncoura"ement in the acknovileilged teachings of the Master, and must be repudiutcel as fallacious and uu true Hie actual povverlessness ot mere ethics unauleil b) such spiritual stimulus to reclaim the lost and construct a pure and efectivo social nioraht), 13 a matter of his tory Hie subject has been deilt with at len th ni the course 01 the eloquent lectures, hy the deliver) of which Dr Mool house has recently Indus ¡ill tinder obligation, ani I nee 1 not restute lhe case li I should be confronted b) instances among the men of to ilay wini, ot btniiiless moral character and sell sacrificing hie are )et declaredly Bceptical 11s to tacts of the supernatural, I any without besit ition, that no mun can Binn himself free from inllueneea winch per incut» society and til it he is almost certainly being hcl| 1 ii by th Siviour be hesitates to nclcn<)>vJcil"c It there be four men seated on a 1 ulivay troll) vvoil nig then-selves along the rails one of them ma) cease Ins ellorts mid be carried lorwnrd by the en (leav our of his companions Momentum goes for something anil all fe ur of the men might tal c a spell 01 rest torn while A balloon cur, inert enough itseli, rises if it be attached to Hie mil ite el gie lie A shuttered compartment in 11 ships hull llotts with the whole struc- ture, if the others b" vv ttertight and sound , and the financial ere lit of the community may enable nu tins um 1 enterprise to exist longer than it could m nn) time of panic Hut my mun concern to night baa been to show }ou how futile 13 the endeavour to accent the moral te ichiugs ot the New 1 es ta ment, miel to cist aside as mere casual accompaniments iinwelcoineandsuperlhious the supernatural 1 lets which are not only part ot the recoid, but its essence of good, the secret of its p wer, the prcciousncsp of the revelation of God 111 Christ Jesus 