SPORTING NOTES, tte. HACINO KVBNT8 TO COME. Mulgrave Racing Club (Bundaberg), July 23, 9a Ravenswood J.e. Annual, July 30, 31. uouliu Jockey Club Annual Meeting, August 6, 6. Kmcrald Meetings, August 7. Townsville J.C. Annual, August 12,13. Toowoomba Autumn Turf Club Meeting, August 14. Jericho Hoeing Club Annual Meeting, August 24, 26. Cloneuny Jockey Club Annual Meeting, September 2,3. Calms Jockey Club Annual, Scptcmlwr 2, 3. Wild Hiver J.C. Annual Meeting, September 2, 8. Gympie Turf Club tepring Meeting, September 9,10. Cooktown J.C. Annual, September. Hawkesbury Spring Meeting, September 10,12. A.J.C. Spring Meeting, September 10, 22, 21, 26. Rockhampton Jockey Club spring Meeting, Nor. 25, 20. ClIAKTEIis Towers annual race meeting com- menced ou Thursday, but at time of writing only thc first day's results arc to hand. The Sires' lYoduce Stakes resulted in a win for Fantail ; Jeannette second, and Hafted third ; thc mile was covered in 1 *5G. Old Talleyrand proved that he has still some go in him hy winning the Novel Race from Rosey and Scratchgravel, in 1 'S3 3-5ths. The Millchester Handicap was a complete boil-over for the tipsters, as Mr. J. D. O'Leary's gelding Speculation (by Blair Athol-Slyboots), with 8st. Gibs, on his back, won from My Love (9st. 21 bs.) and Elsinore (9st. lOlbs.), in 2'44 l-5th. It is probable Ben Bolt did not start. Thc Ladies Bracelet, as was generally expected, was an easy win for Medusa, who carried her 12st. "lbs. and finished in front of Scud (lOst. 121bs.) and Harkaway (Sst. 41bs.), in 151 3-5ths. Elsinore was saddled up again for thc Miners' Purse, and, with 10 stone up, romped home in front of My Love (9st. Gibs.) an I Rosey (Ost. 1 libs.), in thc capital time of 1 "47. The District Plate went to Newmarket, Scud second, and Fantail third ; time, 2.23. At a meeting of the Peak Downs Turf Club Committee, held during the week, Mr. W. Bacon was elected Secretary at a salary of £30 per annum and 5 per cent, commission on subscriptions and contributions. The local paper speaks in high terms of Mr. Bacon's qualifications, and I trust his appointment will be of substantial benefit to thc club. Mr. Chester Master, the Hon. Secretary of thc Fitzroy Racing Club, has called a general meeting of the members of his Club for Wed- nesday evening next, at Mr. Morris Harris' On Stanley On Hotel, for the consideration of business of importance. In all probability the consideration of the Christmas pro- gramme is amoug the business to be brought forward, and I am glad to see the Secretary thus carly taking action in the matter. On thc 16th and 17th instant tho Belyando Picnic Race Club held its annual meeting, at Lanark. The following particulars of the racing, I summarise from tho P. D. Telegram :-The first event was the Hurdle Race, for which five started, Crucible winning with Jackeroo second. Half-a-dozen put in ail appearance for thc Sires' Produce Stakes, Mr. Neville Rolfe's gelding Playboy winning from Mr. Tindalc's Fidget, both youngsters being by Millionaire. Five ran for thc Trial Stakes, Mr. W. Dennis'marcCruciblewinning; Mr. North's Echo second. The Maiden Plate also brought five to the post, and resulted in a win for Mr. H. Coldliam's Troilus; Kaiser gaining secoud place. Only two horses started for the Challenge Cup, which had to be won twice by thc same horse. Last year Mr. M'Cormack's Darkie won tho " first leg," and this time thc same horse again proved vic- torious, Mr. J. C. Muirhead's Bussel being the runner up. Seven ran in the Hack Race, which was carried off by Mr. F. Bass' mare Surprise, Mr. W. B. Nutting's Cicsar second. On the second day three ran in thc Shorts, which resulted in a win for Mr. J. C. Muir- hcad's Bussel ; Troilus second. Haif a dozen sported silk in tile Stockman's Purse, Mr. Nutting's Cesar winning from Crucible. Five ran for the Jehu Stakes, the victor turning up iu Mr. A. Rolfe's Hector, Mr. C. Rolfe's i Gipsy second. The Visitors' Plate was won by Mr. North's Prodigal ; Darkie second. Thc All-aged Stakes Mr. Muirhcad's Russel secured from Mr. R. Tindalc's Merrylcgs and Mr. Riley's Rose, in that order. Three ron in the Ladies' Mile, Mr. Rolfe's Kaiser defeat- ing Echo and Possum. Mr. W. B. Nutting's Cracker won the Hurry Scurry from a big field. Thc settling concluded a very pleasant meeting. The programme for the Emerald Races, to bc held .on Friday, the 7th August, has been published during the week. The list contains six events, the added money being distributed as follows :-Maiden Plate of £7, fur horses that have never run for a prize ; Publican's Purse (handicap) of £10, once round ; Emerald Handicap of £12, 14 mile ; Flying Handicap of £7, ff mile ; Hack Race of £5 ; and Conso- lation Stakes of £ -. The Publican's Purse and Emerald Handicap arc open to all comers, tlic other events being restricted to horses owned within a radius of twenty-five miles of Emerald. The Stewards are : Messrs. Bryden, Hobler, Mason, Finn, Moffat, and Kellaway. Hon. Secretary : Mr. H. Bradbury. Judge: Mr. J. L. Adams. Trea- surer : Mr. James Bryden. Starter : Mr. J. Nevile. Clerk of Scales: Mr. J. T. W. Brown. Clerk of Course: Mr. C. Dunne. The new Q.T.C. rules will be adhered to where practicable. All events are post entry. There ls a qualification fee of one guinea, and 10 per cent on the amount of the prize, which IB scarcely so liberal as one would like to see. However, I hope the meeting will be as successful as its promotora would wish. " Oxenham's Monthly Turf Register " for July is to hand, and is replete with racing information for the past month. A special feature is an alphabetical list of the nomina- tions for thc Guineas, Derbies, and Maribyr- nong Plate, with their breeding, ¿tc, at- tached. Bundaberg races take place on Wednesday and Thursday next. On Saturday last the Victoria Racing Club held their annual Winter Steeplechase Meeting, at Flemington, when there was a large attendance and good racing. The Maiden Hurdle Race bronght fourteen to the Söst, and a close contest resulted in a win for 1 [ippogrif (9it.) by a length and three quarters from Sea Breeze (lOst. 21b.) and Duration (Dst. 121b.), iu 4*3. The winner is a three-year-old colt by Aldinga out of Uippona. Tile Maiden .Steeplechase was an easy win by ten lengths for Reticent (lOst 71b) from Lady Ashton (list. 121b.) and Kulkyne (list. Ilb.)in5'23. Ten went to the post in the Grand National Hurdle Raco, and after a fine race The Agent <11st Gibs.) won by three leugths from Guardfish (10 st. 8 lbs.) and Cock Boat(9st), in (¡'15. The Agent is an aged stallion by Slanderer out of a mare hy Morice Dancer. The Grand National Steeple- chase induced tile fine field of fourteen to start. A lot of falls took place during the race, Wymlet (10 st. 4 lbs.) winning at the finish by five lengths from Sailor (9st. 10lbs.) j and Denmark (12st. ll lbs.), in 7-I9J secs. Wymlet is a four-year-old gelding by King Tom out of Ballet Girl, and is owned by Mr. M. Loughlin. The Selling Hurdle Race went to Student; Farnborough second and Don coster third. Tlic Ghost (Sst. G lbs. ) defeated Plausible (Sat. 10 lbs.), Bohemian (7 st. 3 lbs.), and thirteen others in thc Flat Race, after a good contest, in 1*48?. The Gympie Turf Club announce that a spring race meeting will be held under their auspices on Wednesday and Thursday, the 9th and 10th September. The added money will amount to over £300. An attempt is being made to resuscitate the Port Douglas Jockey Club. Should the effort meet with success a "race meeting will probably bc held in September, On Wednesday and Thursday, the 2nd and 3rd September, the Wild River Jockey Club' hold their annual noe meeting at Herberton., Following is a summary of the events :'-* First Day, : Maiden ,Plate, of £50; Hovel Race of £80 V Tinaroo Handicap of £75, H mile; Hack Race of £10; Flying Handicap of ESO; Stockman's Race for a saddle ; and Merchants' Cup for a cup Èresented hy Messrs. Benjamin. Second >ay : Handicap Hurdle Race of ,£40 ; Ladies' Bracelet; W.R.J.C,1 Handicap of £150, 2 miles ; Welter Sweepstakes of £10 each and £20 from the Club ; Town Plate of £75, w.f.a., ' H mile ; and Forced Handicap of £20. (¡enc rai entry takes place on the Mth August. The following are the weights and accept-' anccs declared for the principal handicaps to be run at Ravenswood on the 30th and 31st instant : JOCKEY CLUB lUNmOAf. st. lb. I et. lb. Ben Bolt .. ..8 0 Wetherondale ..6 9 A rostes .. 7 41 Soldier Boy ..6 8 Peri .. ..7 0| PUBLICANS PURSE. Ben Bolt .. ..8 121 Wetherondale ..7 1 Peri .. 7 «tl HÜB1ILB BA OB. Starlight .. .. ll 5 I Soldier Boy .. 0 0 Oscar .. 10 il Horse owners must bear in mind that nomi- nations for the Publicans' Purse and Jericho Handicap, to be run at Jericho on the 24th and 25th August, close with the Hon. Secre- tary, Mr. W. Real, on Monday next, 27th instant, at 9.30 p.m. The Charters Towers " privileges" fetched £632 2s. The time for the last Epsom Derby, wou by Moiton, was 2 mins 44 l-5th sccs. " Pegasus" writes in the QtwewlumUr : At length a Middle Park Plate winner has broken the spell, and won thc Derby. Since the institution of the great two- year-old race, a good line for the Derby has usually been gathered from it, but up to this year placed horses have done the best. Pretender, King- craft, and Galopin, who each finished third subsequently took the great three-year- old event of thc year. The Derby this tune bas proved almost a reflex of thc Middle Park Plate, the four placed in that race furnishing the leading quartette in the Derby. In the two-year-old race Melton was giving 71b. to both Paradox and Xaintrailles, and meeting Royal Hampton on level terms. With the ex- ception of Paradox, who ran very green in October last, this form was borne out to the letter, and the Kingsclere colt has come on well since his Mut on thc day after the Cesarewiteh. The same writer says :-f notice that Leon was running in Mr. Jost's name at Mackay ; and in the Consolation Stakes, the last race of the meeting, the betting was 9 to 4 on Leon. Petroucl, however, came with a ruBh at the finish and vron by half a length. Melton's victory in the English Derby was transmitted from London to New York iu three Beconds, about the fastest time on record. Writing of the crack English two-year-old, Thc Bard, "Hipparion" of the Colonist, says: -" The Bard, two years, by Petrarch out of Magdalene, hy Syrian, won his eighth race off thc reel at Newmarket Second Spriug meeting, ridden hy Archer, and giving away weight to everything. Thu value of the eight races he . won ls £4,810, and an unbeaten certificate," Gleeson, the jockey, unfortunately bad his leg broken at Charters Towers the other day, when Mr. Aubrey's colt ran him against a tree. Coronet has been bocked to win £25,000 in thc Melbourne Cup. Thc borso is going well. The South Australian filly Sandal won thc Port Augusta Cup thc other day. At thc Clarence River J.C. meeting the other day, Aga (by Keugny out of Adele) won the Derby and Club Haudicap, the former race in 2-50 and the latter in 3'35¿. The " betting ring " lost £250,000 over the English Derby. At thc Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. next year a special feature will be a Juvenile Stakes of £300, confined exclusively to two year-old geldings *, weight, 8 st. 5 lbs. ; dis- tance, five furlongs. Thc object of such a prize is evident. It is said thc Prince of Wales won a large sum over Melton's Derby victory. It is also rumoured that His Royal Highness won £50,000 through backing Royal Hampton (whom he partly owns) for a place in thc same roc«. Lord Marcus Beresford has been appointed starter by thc English Jockey Club, iu place of Mr. M'Gcorge, lately deceased. Mr. H. distance, ex-jockey, has been appointed denutv-startcr. 