A GIRL IN A THOUSAND. BY JEAN MIDDLSMASS, Author of "Lady Muriel's Secret," "The Spider and tbe Fly," "Poisoned Arrows," "Wild ( ecrgie," <Sc., CHAPTER VIIL A RULING POWER. (Jeoliiey Stanhope's painting - room in Katcm square bad once been the nursery; it was called_ so still, though it had long been converted into a joint stock recreation room for both Geoffrey and Irene. Naturally Ferdidand might have claimed his share in it had he chossn, but his pursuits were not their pursuits, and he seldom joined the group of which PhyUis more frequently than not made up the trio. She knew nothing of art but what the other two taught lier; but she had a keen sense of appreciation, and never grew tired of sitting as <Jeoffrey's model, while Irene played on an old vdauo, Which had certainly seen its best days, or warbled forth to her own accompaniment on the guitar some melody of the South. They are sitting now in the wellaccustomed room, Geoffrey in a holland blouse, painting, as it seems, assidiously, Phyllis ha f reclining on a divan of cushions which ho lias arranged for her, watching him in a sort of speechless ecstacy, while Irene lounges, dreaming in an armchair by the window, the piano closed by her side. For at least a quarter of an hour not a sound has been uttered. Something has evidently stagnated the happiness of that usually merry, contented group. Perhaps it is the" heat, for the thermometer is at ; but no. they are scarcely old enough to object to the dog-dayB; their silence has a stronger and deeper cause, treoffrey is the first to break it. " It is impossible to paint," he cries; "everything ia wrong to-day. Your raspberry coloured gown, Phyllis, against those crimson cushionB jara till it drives me nearly mad." " I am sorry," she says rising; and walking across the room she takes an Eistern-looking cover off a table and throws it over the cushions, and then half-seating herself upon them, again asks, " Is that better, Geoff?" He bows .his head in acquiescence, while such a glowing light of love shines on her from his dark eyeB that hers sink abashed before it. " You are lovely, darling, more lovely than ever to-day; so beautiful I cannot do vou justice. I wonder what has made my little Phyllis so much more beautiful of late," he murmurs, as instead of taking up his brush again, he seats himBelf on the cushions beside lier. " If I look better, Geoffrey, it is because I am so happy in the knowledge that you really love me. He looked very intently into her face and eaid, " Yet there is something of sadness mixed up with this new lease of beauty vou have taken." Sbe turned from him, and her cheek paled just a tinge. "What is it my love? Tell me. I am to be your husband, you know, and should have full confession of your worries as well as of your joys, " "I have no—well, no absolute worries, Geoffrey ; stiil I cannot help looking iafco the future with dread. This great secret of our love, which to me brings such immense hap- • piness that it frightens me, what wilt happen • when it is no longer a secret, and Lady Fedora and Mr. Stanhope know it—and my father? Oh, Geoffrey, I sometimes think 1 shall never live through that time, but shall run away'and hide or drown myself." • " Good gracious, Phvllis, I always believed you to be a brave little person. 1 am sure I 'have seen you dare many a mighty jump, before which most girls would have quailed." " Jumps when we were at play, or used to ecour the country for amusement, are not like jumps in life," eaid Phyllis, solemnly. " You ought to have left me, Geoff, to my jumps in father's wood yard. I feel certain if you try to make a lady of me some terrible thing will happen." " And this is what you call your immense happiness in my love ! Really, Phyllis, I am surprised at you. If you are so afraid of what our relations will eay and do, let us run away aud get married, anu then it will not much matter what happens." " 0, no, no! Geoffrey. I would not do such a thing for worlds. Lady Fedora has trusted me to be with you and Irene. How base it would be for me to behave like that!" " You tliink of every one bit me, Phyllis." he said, rather tartly ; " perhaps, after ali, you would };refer to marry that individual who glarftd at you at the Railway Station." Phyilia's very lips grew white as she muttered in very low tones—"0 Geoffrey, it is unkind to try me so. ; ' Her words did not, however, tend to make him more kind. Oa tbe contrary, his brow contracted, and he, too, looked at her with something of the glare to which he had just alluded ; m fact, their conversation liid every appearance of ending in a quarrel, eince Geoii'rey was by no means satisfied that there was not the shadow of an old flirtation with Tom Chilton between him -aud his love. Phyllis always denied it, but her mannc-r never seemed to endorse the assurance of her words. i Irene, however, at this juncture started up from her dreaming posture. " Merciful goodness !" she exclaimed, " I wonder if mamma is at home?" " My mother at home !• Why, what do you mean ?" asked Geoffrey, joining her at the window from which she stood gazing, her face whiter than the artistically clinging virginal "robe she wore ; yet Irene was ever pale. "There is Prince Lenskoff driving across the square ! I know he is coming here." Geoffrey looked at her, and the shadows on his brow deepened. Poor little sister, is your doom, too, sealed so soon ?" \- And a something passed over him which he could sot define, but he felt thit hs dreaded all that the future had in store for Irene. She, however, sought to regain her usually bright spirits. Hush 1 Geoff. No nasty ominous remarks, if you please. Just crane your head out of the window and see if the Prince comes in," Oeoff did as he was bid, and at the risk of a sunstroke ascertained that the Prince had been admitted, and was probably at this moment on his way to the drawing-room. "I wonder if mamma will send*for me?" was Irene's next query. "Shan't you go down unless she does?" asked Phyllis. " >io, certainly not! I .vould not appear too interested in Len&koff; for millions." " Yet. though you have only seen him oace I believe you would give us all up and follow his fortunes to Russia," observed Geoffrey, laughing rather dismally. '"Oh, Geff, I never thought of such a thing." " And I hope fervently you never will." " Why. Geoff? You have never seen Prince Len&koff.;" • No, but I have heard of him, Irene ; his has been a dark life, one in which no youn^ and simple girl like yourself can have any place." "Pi ace? No! Perhaps he does not wish me to have a place there ; but it is the very strangeness and mystery of his life that interests me. I am only 17, but I am bored to death by the monotonous sameness of all the other men I have met. All their vices aud all their pleasures are jlike." "TVhat do you know about men's vices, little sister ?" " Well, there's Ferdinand, he is a fair average specimen of a mau in a fa3t set. All the others are about the same pattern—you, dear old Geoff, are quite out of the question," "And you think you will find something newer and more to your taste in the life of this Russian Prince ? Oh, Irene, I trust you will not be disappointed." " Dear old croaking Geoff. Hush, what iB that ?••' He had not time to answer her or even to look round befoie Lady Fedora, accompanied by Prince Lenskoff, was in the room, That strangers should intrude on the privacy of this apartment was an unheard of thing, and Geoffrey at all events was very much inclined resent the arrival of this Prince. Lady j. ; etJora did not, however, offer any explanation u"" r "ringms him there ; she had chosen auti sta to do so considered that quite a her sufficient rb^S0 P children. Her white brow puekere. Y' hel ? sil , e saw Phyllis, of whose presence J 1 til ® house she was uu- . awaie. Lady FedtO® white brow had taken to puckering of law * rl J 6n Phyllis was brought under her immedia«... e notice; and yet, as far as Geoffrey was concerned, she suspected nothing. Prince Lenskoff shook hauds with Irene, and made a courteous speech about the pleasure he felt in being permitted to penetrate into the sanctum of the house, accompanying iiis words by soch an ardent gaze of admiration that the blood came coursing in full flow i into her pale cheeks, and, in truth, tingled j through her frame till she almost cried aloud from the pleasurable sensation that was so j nearly allied to pain. , Another moment, and Lsnskoff had turned his glance towards Phyllis. Hers was a beauty of another and ruddier type ; for beautiful he decided that she was, though scarcely fitted to be a princess, as was the graceful Irene Stanhope. Still, Prince Lenskoff, though he did not fail to note what he called serfs blood in Phyllis, admired her as a man who prides himself on his appreciation of everything that is beautiful in uature aud art could not fail to do. Those tell-tale eyes of his, too, did not understand silence; but whea they wandered ji'om I'hyliis'e face to Geoffrey's they read o much auger there that Prince Lenskoff knew at once the secret which had hitherto been so carefully kept from all ia that house save Irene, The two men shook hands, as under the circumstances they were bound to do, but the act seemed rather to be the signing of a bond of enmity than one of friendship. Geoffrey Stanhope and Prince Sergdus Lenskoff would never be friends; as easily have tried to assimilate the powers of light and darkness. And yet in Irene's young heart there has awakened a yearning tenderness for this man ; and Lady Fedora would foster the feelings which she hoped they both had, the one for the other, because forsooth he was a Prince and a millionaire. Yet Lady Fedora was not a snob—no; but the fortunes of the Stanhopes were at BO low an ebb that at any price they must be retrieved. Even at the price of Irene's happiness? Absurd! What woman can be otherwise than happy with a princedom and millions at her control ? Geoffrey did not think so, and would rather have Eeen Irene married to some humble cotter than the wife of this Prince, in whom nothing would ever cause him to believe, r "So this is my old friend Heury Stanhope's eldest son ?" Lenskoff said, while he was reading Geoffrey's face as lie read every face he met. '.'I should scarcely have credited it; the tall young mau I saw at the ambassadress' ball is far more like his father." "Exactly; 1 belong to the race of the pigmies. There is a tradition that a Stanhope once espoused a fay ; hence the amount of second-sight and knowledge of the invisible which we arc all supposed more or less to possess. I am a direct descendant of this fay." Geoffrey !" exclaimed Lady Fedora, warningly. But he only sneered, took his picture from the easel, and placed it with the face to the wall. His words seemed to haveimpressedPrince Lenskoff somewhat, for tue Prince did not speak for a few seconds. On the two girls they had no effect. This old family tradition, which they always called Geoffrey's "crack," was well known to them; he invariably alluded to it when his smalluess of stature was mentioned. Geoffrey was particularly sore on tbe subject of his height as compared with Ferdinand's, and could never be made to see that he possessed.the brain power while Ferdinand had naught but mere physical strength. When Prince Lenskoff aid at last speak he said musingly, " The story of this fay carries me back for many long years. Did you ever hear of Desidera Blanchi, Lady Fedora ?" . It was Lady Fedora's turn to show some emotion under Prince LensksufFs gaze, and she answered hurriedly, " Never but once has my husband mentioned that name." " Who was Desidera Blanchi ? what a strange name!" said Irene, who having recovered from the effect ol the Prince's eyes was once more her natural simple self. " A beautiful maiden, a Russian of noble birth, who was killed by l>eing thrown t'rom a sleigh. When your father was in Paris about fifteen yeara .120 we were breakfastiug together tele a-t<:te. He pad not seen DJsidera for years. At breakfast, like one in a tnnee, he told me the manner of her death. An hour afterwards ! received a telegram, saying it had occurred even while he was speaking." "Papa? this liappened to papa? Oh, it can never be true. Why, he is the most practical man in Europe, and is always laughing at Geoffrey's cracks." The Prince shrugged his shoulders, aud-the inquisitive Irene went on—" Was papa in love with this unhappy girl ?" The Prince looked at Lady Fedora for a second, and then said :—" There are some secrets of the past, Mademoiselle, which it is weil never to reveal." \- Irene asked no more, and they all felt that the strange man who had come among them, held, locked in liis memory, knowledge of mauy events which could make him if he chcse, as far as the Stanhopes were concerned, mould their fortunes pretty much aa he listed. That they were not mistaken in this they felt still more certain when Henry Stanhope, who had been absent for a day or two at WarleSgh, came somewhat unexpectedly into the room. Prince Lenskoff received him with effusion. The return greeting of his old friend was perhaps scarcely so cordial. On neutral ground Henry Stanhope would have met Sergius Lenskoff with no little degree of pleasure; but here, in his children's playroom, what had this man to do ? As he looked from his face to Irene's the answer seemed to come, and if his mental ejaculation had dared to be outspoken, the fervency with which he asked, " Great God ! is this the price ?" would have startled not a little those who heard it; and, strange though it may seem, of the party there assembled, only Irene seemed thoroughly composed, and'laughingly suggested an adjournment to the drawing-room a>? the smell of paint was enough to poison those uuused to it, and she knew her father hated it. To the drawing-room then they descended., leaving Phillis and Geoffrey alone. No sooner was the door closed than Phyllis sank among the cushions in a paroxysm of tears. "0, Geoffrey," she cried, "what a dreadful man ! Are all Princes like that ? poor, poor Irene! and to think she loves, him, for she does love him, Geoffrey; she lias never been herself since that ball. Do you think he has bewitched her ?" "I think he has bewitched us all," said Geoffrey, solemnly; " my father and mother look as if they had seen a ghost. Phyllis, swear that you will do all you can to prevent Irene from marrying this man." "I am powerless," she answered; "he is much more likely to prevent me from marrying you." " Phyllis !" " Oh, don't look angry, Geoff. It is of no use. I feel that the fate of every one in the house is in Prince Lenskoffs hands." BISHOP'S HOME MISSION SOCIETY',—Dr. Kennion writes in reference to the annual meeting of the Bishop's Home Mission to be held in tbe Town Hall on Tuesday evening that the Bishop of Tasmania will be unable to be present. He says:—" I shall be much obliged if you will allow me to make known to my brother members of the Church of England through your columns that, to my great regret, I have to day received a telegram from the Bishop of Tasmania to say that be is prevented from starting for the visit we were expecting from him. I hasten to make this public lest any persons should come to the Home Mission Society's meeting on Tuesday purposely to hear him and be surprised at Iiis absence; yet I venture to express a hope that on the very account |of this disappointment those who take an interest in the welfare of the Society will make a point of endeavouring to be present at our meeting. Sir George Yerdon has kindly consented to be among the speakers." Admission to the gathering is by free ticket only, and from the number of these which have been applied for there appears little doubt that the hall will be crowded. " ENGLAND PAST AXD PRESENT."—The first of a series of winter evening dissolvingview entertainments, to be held under the auspices of the S.A Sunday-School Union, will be aiven in the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church this evening, when the Hon. R. A. Tarlton, M.L.C., will lecture on "The Old Home, or England Past aud Present." " TEN NIGHTS IN A BARROOM." —This emotional drama will be presented at the Port Adelaide Town Hall this evening. To allay thirst without detriment to the system or producing » ciaring .'or strong driair is a matter that has engaged ttc attention of the leading men of the day. Bnverag<-s of all kinds bare been brought under public iioticd with a view to meet the requirements of those who drink, not for drinking's sake, but for refreshment. Ths most recent importation in this direction, and one that bids fair to supersede all others oa the grounds of its purity, agreeable flavou>\ and invigorating properties, is the Lager Beer of Messrs. H Clausen and son. This D3w aud rofresliing beverage is one that can but couiuiend itself to the general public on ths grounds of its mei its. sparkling, light, aud palatable, this lirami of Lair^r Brer has now become the national btveiv.^e "f "tbe I'uited States, and also many of tbe Australian Colonics. Messrs. Milae and Co., of Grer.itli-~rrcet, are the agents for this colony, aud samplts can ue cbtiiiiL-.i at the leading hotels. 17Smszc 