SOCIALITIES. SYDNEY TOPICS. BY BAVARD. Some 30 miles north, of Sydney, and, until the Sydney end of the Great Northern Rail- way is completed, accessible only by water, lies an ancient but not particularly thriving or lively little township known as Gosford. Gosford, as its name implies, is the 'fording place of the geese,' just as Tuxford (or, more properly, Ducksford) is the fording-place of the ducks — though in what particular corner of the United Kingdom ducks required a place for fording purposes I cannot at this moment remember. It is not an exhilarating corner of New South Wales this Gosford, nor would any one specially select it as a suitable place for laying bare long pent-up Cabinet secrets. As a trysting- place for lazy, cackling geese, intent on crossing from one side of Erina Creek to the other without calling their wings in aid, Gosford would seem to be very suit- ably located; but, as I ventured just now to observe, nothing in its surroundings, topo- graphical, archaeological, or political, suggests Gosford as a Government confessional. But just as nobody ever heard of Tilsit until Na- poleon and the Emperor of Russia made it famous by their interview, so people here who never heard of Gosford will know it now for the remainder of their existence as the spot where the Minister of Lands, attended by his trusty henchman, Mr. Levien, member of Parliament for Tamworth, made our very hair stand on end by opening the Cabinet door and showing us all the Cabinet skele- tons. Two apparently sane and judicious reporters from the metropolitan press accom- panied the Ministerial party, so there should be nothing in the conjectures that these deso- lating disclosures were mere harmless, and perhaps jocular, post-vinosities, little hoaxes, for the Gosford gobemouches after the Gos- ford banquet — of course, there had been a banquet, that must always be taken for granted. It is an Anglo-Saxon institution, and part of the Common Law we inherit. But we must probe deeper than the banqnet, for people don't usually take advantage of banquets to mate your hair curdle. Besides, Mr. Farnell is a sagacious politician of long standing, and is as well seasoned against all sorts of insidious champagne in fluences as any man in the community. Ana Mr. Levien, though not so old a Parliament man as his companion, is by no means a sponge that Gosforth folk could easily fill an® squeeze. At a practical joke Harry Lew® has few equals, and at telling a good storyne shines whai a lustre entirely his own. naa he alone been engaged in the disclosure Dim ness we should have known it was one otn« innumerable hoaxes, but we have the to . monyof two witnesses to the Gosiorn <» ? fession-so it cannot be a vulgar hoav even a ghost story. And now for theswi tons. First of all, the Premier was report* a political wreck: according^ theseapo nenta euthanasia is all that is lettJor Then the Attorney-General was review; no hope for him, either. Th Mr. Farnell's other colleagues disra'^ . after theahortest conceivable inquest, a word of hope or encouragementanojw Farnell himself is hailed and hantehakenDr Mr. Levien as the only jwssible sumT® Minister and future Premier. And at. ^ nell, according to the reporters, qo^Pr^he cepted the nomraationand the hoTflg£- bi8 position he was described ere* audience was that of a ehipwrecK ^ tossing about theoceirnmafraJ boat,w> all the officers lying fcelpess in theD£ water, and no one capable °*.K,er.float, boat safe into port. keeping , he#t bnt himself. Ana for die P08® ®f ^ . 0f the once offered his service* /re^JLto colony he had once b«n, and was be agam; and not only \\\d sentutive for the Gosford district-*® And all this time the Rctn^ £refSnoffii'S the rest of his colleajpes were . ^ ,oey their Ministerial avocations a* t ^ offices trader the abaard nnpress' . fca(j 0t were a live, coherent Government, a melancholy collection of Wele*^ p^cea bund politicians, whose jwL^away "P *, these two sextons were .0na1, and Gosford in as matters-fact, pro^ediftger in unsympathetic fashion as startimff .'Hamlet- When the reportoftbese^ revelations reached Sydney, ^^jgd attbe many inquiring moureere ^^jonialTi*6,' offices of the Gotomal jfSf' 0tj,er affl"^ surer, Attorney-Genera^andth ^ ff»ve bureau*. Aft one woment a hugew h ^ _t .on nrit.h ODeU n*uu ."(ntl0ll The next moment plexity, disappointment repoMen. txappr ftwdl* « toppy l,t and day ovei' Local govern-1 working nignt aim "°j ~ - ment and Health BiJIs. Harry Levien, in terviewed numerously, persists in the truth of his post-mortem, and challenges the world and the Ministers themselves to disprove an iota ol his Gosford statement In addition to this persistent asseveration, the reporters deny most passionately that there was any hoax about the matter, and assert that they reported nothing but what was Baid and not nil of that. So every one went to bed on Fri day, scratching his head, utterly bewildered, and determined to wait for developments. On Saturday, air full of astounding and im possible rumours, but no developments. One man denies at one end of the street what another tells you at the other end. I'ress inen and editors and politicians running about like bees at swarming-time. Nothing certain except that Mr. Farnell had declared his intention to go to Newcastle and settle u ;mV.»./MTUn nnd after his intention iu w, the Pasturage Reserve imbroglio, and after wards attend the banquet to be given to Ninian Melville by grateful miners squatting I said reserve. There he promised to lash \- :,i racprve. mere ne pruiuiocu °!,V w th his hind legs. But to my mind none of the reports are a bit more likely to be true ?1 an a Hussian telegram. And I begin to doubt whether Mr. Farnell ever went to Sosford at all, or intends going to Newcastle nr Fashing out. I believe that he has been all the time locked up in his private sanctum dividin" squattages under the Land Act, and is still°dividing them and means to goon dividing them until the whole 4,000 and odd nrc split in two, when his happiness will be complete, and probably that of his staff, ponecially his indefatigable under secretary, who is said to think nothing of working from 12 to 18 hours per diem. At length Monday came, and then tlie whole affair was explained. The Minister, worried out of his life by gobemouches and incredulous, importunate pressmen and poli ticians, rushed away to Newcastle and dis burthened, this time taking special care to be attended by two blue ribbon reporters, and to make assurance doubly sure, direct ing' the waiters at the banquet to supply them with toast and water only to drink the various toasts in. The conseauence is that this time we allow that we must have got the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. As we were all inclined to suspect (at least those who had compromised themselves by accept ing any other theory) the Minister did go to Gosford, but the reporters sent with him were rather inexperienced young men, and not sufficiently inured to the atmosphere of Gosford, which, it is said, in consequence of the large proportion of ozone it contains, exercises an altogether exceptional sway over the imagination of strangers to the place. This malarious little town now enjoys the proud eminence of having produced the most astounding canard in the whole colony, and the notes of the reporters when examined under a strong lens reveal the extraordinary fact that the speeches were taken down in at least seven different systems of shorthand, each of them unknown to the reporter him self. No one can account for this, except on the Robin Goodfellow conjecture, that some body had been tampering with the note-books of the sleeping reporters. And so, to bring a long story to its close, after we had suffered through all these bewildering stages which I have vainly endeavoured to describe, the Minister of Lands now tells us that the Ministry is just the same as ever, only, per haps, a little more happy, united, and fall of life. And so the curtain falls, and thus are scattered to the winds the nightmare allu sions of the week, and we rub our eyes and shake ourselves together once more to enter upon the realities of life-having first con gratulated Mr. Farnell on the judicious way in which he disposed of that burning diffi culty, the Newcastle pasturage mining jumpers-a few are rather sore at being sold, but the majority are delighted to find that the Premier is still in good form, and all his colleagues loyal and adhesive. Everybody knows Sir Edward Strickland, K.C.B.-at least everybody who is anybody, 't he others have seen him. He is the only K.C.B. in this colony, and there can be no I Buch a K.C.B. in any other. He is an Imperial commissariat officer of exalted rank and ex perience. He has served all over the world, been everywhere else, seen everything, knows everybody. After scattering about a good deal, he finally coagulated into a resident of "our village," where he speedily became a frequent and highly- honoured habitue of Mr. Dalley's hospitable chalet Having a com fortable Imperial pension and plenty of time on his handB, he has devoted it (the time) to the service of society at large, and particularly ol the Geographical Society, the Exhibition Commission, the Sanitation Conference, and half a dozen other high-toned societies and movements, including the laical promotion of his own church, of which he has been and still is a distinguished lay figure. On horse back and in his complete war paint, as he presented himself on the day of the embark ation of the contingent, Sir Edward is simply a vision of delight There are no feathers hue those in his cocked hat, and no warrior that we have is half so splendidly concealed with medals and decorations as bis manly breast. Now Sir Edward says, and has said all through the piece, that lie was and is the tine and first inventor of the Soudan con tingent; but he has not hitherto asserted the iact dogmatically or aggressively. Now, how ever, that the contingent has returned, the banquets been held, and the honours distri buted, Sir Edward Strickland has waxed wroth-some say furious-with the oblivious authorities, who have neglected him with a negligence that, according to all accounts, is simply brutal. Rumour goes on to the ex uemity of declaring that amicable relations Att^am?r to bursting 'twixt him and the m !! ^' inera '» bnt wby> unless it be be St H A,tto""iy.General baa refused all hinds of titular decoration for his own part in cover R w- <\- °Ii' ? co»ttosent, I can't dis onlv ' if p n think of Mr. Dalley and our RWfa pas8,n? oae another in the tinn !o customary saluta a Jay to everybody, but a S?r &/.ock to,the '.Villagers," for able men $ 18 no.ne °l your 8,iSht onmerit l)lace^nn",«meTeiy ePhe«»eral and watering of thpm^ , J "a,ve tr,ed to comfort some lundoftfeV^ 4611108 them tlmt ^is tlie lMt tei°°k P11"5® 80 recently as during 8onSL°Ja^Yar' and among exalted per cut as'for e*wnple, when Achilles (whichfv£Cun0n Asamemnon Achillea the wov tL i^' ab°»t that little girl (by lier ^Bdaiiis fi4 ,fcrftnl8lftt»r of Homer c^lls don't seem' 3®,!°yely cheeked), but they Peonle mH, the cases analogous. "that were anycSnso. invited to fitanH f warduwU1 ** iiUaentially trict the 4E |°r whatever electoral dis general election W ^ the next elected £. he will assent, be Sir Henry te~%®hort\\*£terw«ds, when ^Ss,wbS1ri eense above) d 1 hBve wed it in that besides our own domestic feud, which we' hope may be settled without legislation or j any other violent proceedings, there is a sort of intercolonial triangular feud brewing down south. Mr. Culcheth, C.E., may be a very amiable engineer, but he little knows what he has been doing in poisoning the ear of his Minister about our River Murray. Some time ago the South Australian Legislature began to prick its ears, and mutter something like a warning to thrn ingenious water-Iar cenist of yours; but he keepa on poisoning the Ministerial ear, and now has the appal-! ling audacity to claim equal rights over the Murray water with this colony 1 This sort of thing, of course, conld not go on long. And I am not surprised to see thst the champion of our rights to exclusive use of the river has appeared in the person of Mr. Mac kinley, C.E. to the Royal Water Conser vation Commission, now taking levels somewhere near the Victorian boundary. Our vigilant guardians of the Capitol, the news papers, caught the alarm instantly, and the result has been several warlike riparian mani festoes and a long and prolix disquisition by some long-winded flexible lawyer on the rights to the river as between you and us, the valuable result whereof appears to be, that you can take as much Murray water as we care to let you take, and we as much as you care to let us take, and that you must not dam up your feeders, or we ours, if the river disappears thereby; but that neither colony can distrain on the other, or imprison it for water trespass, the only remedy being excommunication ; or was it the issue of a praemunire or a eircumsy-ecti agaiis (?\ If Mr. Culcheth will take the advice of an im partial stranger this side of the Murray, I would strongly advise him to go on the circumspecli agatis system, and abstain from further perplexing his engineering brains by propounding such wicked conundrums as those contained in the postscript to his notes -" Does the river channel, or only the bed of the river Murray, belong to New South Wales?" As if be did not know that both of i them belong to us. How can the river be in ] our territory, as the law declares, unless the bed and the entire channel be ours ? As well I ask whether the works of Mr. Culcheth's watch belong to him, and the case to Bome body else. 