The Farron Poultry Farm. My travelling- agent writes j—Being in Rockhamg ton tlie other day, and having heard a great deal about the poultry farm which had been started near that town by Mr. Theodore Wood some few months ago, I took the opportunity of driving over anji having a look at the place. The farm is only six miles from Rockhampton and is situated on the high road tb the Crocodile diggings. Everything appears to have been done upon a most elaborate and ex tensive scale, and certainly no pains nor money has been spared by the proprietor in his endeavour to make a complete success of the poultry industry. There are at present about 800 pure-bred birds of different varieties upon the estate, which go to form the " stud." All these varieties are icept in separate pens enclosed with wire netting. Each lot has its own house, all thoroughly distinct and separate from one another. An acre and a quarter is usually allowed as the area of a pen for 50 birds. The incubators, 8 in number, have a separate building for themselves and are calculated to turn out about 2000 chickens per month. In cases of sickness the patient is im mediately removed from all contact with the other birds and placed either in a close hospital, or in a small pen, according to the nature of the disease. The principal varieties of poultry now on the estate have all been imported by Mr. Wood either from England or America, and consist of English anil American Leghorns, Black Hamburgh,Black Spanish, Minorcas, American Plymouth Rocks—these breeds being selected especially for their laying qualities Light and Dark Brahmas, White and Buff Cochins, Dorkings, and Game, the latter six varieties being considered more suitable for table purposes. The birds are fed principally upon pollard, wheat, bran* and sweet potatoes with a little maize, and green food when procurable. I was informed that the poultry, like all other living things, had suffered severely through the drought, there being no green grass for them, and lettuces and cabbages not being easily procurable. Turkeys and geese roam about at large, while the ducks hare their own fun, enclosed in a deep water hole which has been artificially conr structed for their special benefit. Altogether I was very much pleased, and most decidedly astonished at what I saw. Poultry farming upon the scale on which it is being attempted at Farron is quite a new industry in Queensland, and, should it prove to be the success anticipated for it, will prove a great boon to the colony in general, and to Rockhampton in particular. A lady correspondent writes: — " How many people, I wonder, will read a book which tells of miracles worked by faith, supernatural warnings, ghosts and visions ? Do the committee of the School of Arts revel in such stories themselves ? I am sure the subscribers don't; and it does seem rather strange that money should be wasted on such trash as this new volume of Dr. Lee's, when fresh copies of other works are so much needed. Two of the most popular books in the library (judging from their torn and dirty leaves) are "The Bide to? Khiva," and " On Horseback through Asia Minor/' A new copy of either of these delightful books would have been much more acceptable than Dr. Lee's absurd romances. Colonel Burnaby's adventures are far more exciting than any ghost tales, and more edifying too; and his straightforward,, soldier-like way of relating them lias a great charm, for it is per fectly free from self- consciousness. Yet, though his books are delightful, and full of valuable information,; it does not require an unusual amount of culture to appreciate them, so we have hope that some day the! committee may be induced to provide the much needed new copies." 