Hi* Caulfield Smash. —•— I In the history of Australian racing there is no such unfortunate aocident recorded as that which occurred in the Oaulfield Oup on Saturday. The field of horses was, with a single exception, the largest that ever started for a race in the colonies, and : that was when The Ghost won the Ladies' ■. .Trophy at Oaulfield in 1883, when a field ' of 42 horses ran. All went well in the race till the horses were approaching the turn, where Too Too had struggled to the front and was leading by a bare neck, with Claptrap hugging the rails on her left, and Sardius galloping immediately on her right. The turn, which is con sidered the most difficult part of the course, was yet some distance ahead, and the horses, who were well strung out in what is really the broadeBt stretch of the whole track, were crowding on the rails in order to get the inside running for the I rush up the straight to the winning-post. How Too Too caine down iB not known, ! even the riders of the leading horses ! holding different opinions as to what horses were really first down, or how they fell. The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she would be tiring at the time, the most probable theory—that favoured by many persons who were standing near the spot at the time—is that her front legB crossed with those of either Sardius or Claptrap, probably the former. From the stand the white jacket and blue cap—the colours worn by the rider of Too Too— seemed to sink suddenly into the ground. There was a clash of struggling horses; silk-clad jockeys were hurled here and there in wild confusion, riderless and bridleless horseB were dashing away, while others limbed off injured, and four of the jockeys, with two horses, lay quite still upon the turf as if they had been killed outright. Donald Nicholson, one of the most popular of light-weight riders was killed, instantly. He was riding Lord Exeter, and, strange to say, the horse was never knocked off his legs, but the shock hurled the rider with fearful violence against the white fence. His skull would seem to have been crushed in, and blood was also streaming from a gash across his mouth. Cracknell's chest was crushed in from a blow. He lay quite helpless, though conscious, being able to describe his injuries and to take a glass of water from_ those who helped him. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on the face, and he seemed to be worse than he really was. M'Grade, who had been on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly. His nose was broken in, oue arm hung loosely, and what with the ; dust and blood on his white face, thoso around thought that he also had been killed outright. M'Grath, the rider of Prince Imperial, was also lying senseless, having received a blow on the head when his horse rolled over. The tiny rider Twomey lay stretched alongside his dead home Urarah, who had been instantly killed. At first it seemed that both the horse and jockey were in the same con dition. and thevommiseration for the tiny boy lying on the end of the stretcher was greater on account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was one of the first down, and as "the first horses seemed to roll on top of him, his escape from instant death was a miracle. He too was picked up unconscious, suffering from concussion of the brain. Some of the riders were able to walk, and others wore assisted to the casualty room, while stretchers had to be furnished for five. Nicholson was regarded as the best light weight rider in Australia, was 27 years of age; his parents live at Ballarat. As a jockey, he had the reputation of riding most determined finishes. His chief suc cesses were the Sydney Cup, on Nor manby; the great Metropolitan Stakes, on Masquerade; the Autumn Handicap, on Empress ; the A. J. C. Plate, on the Drummer; the Mares' Produce Stakes, on First Demon ; the Sydney Handicap, on Waxy; and four Epsom Handicaps on Masauerade. Waxv. Master Avenel. and Espiegle respectively, besides riding many winners of lesser events. The fearful naature of tbe accident was I shown in the condition of the horses as they rose. Prince Imperial and Sardius | had the bridles torn away, while the sad j die on the last-named was turned com I pletely round. Tom Brown's saddle was ; also broken and hanging in fragments, i Some other horses came into collision, | but they were able to keep their legs. Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown while the Sydney horse was struggling to rise. The shock was so great that Plausible was turned complete ly round, and Power, thinking that his borse was injured, dismounted. Lord Wilton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being knocked forward out of his saddle by the shock, clung to his horse's neck, and came out all right. Amongst the horses most injured were the three who came down first, two of whose riders, as already stated, came ofi almost scatheless. Sardius is perhaps the worst of them, and it is very unlikely that he will be out again this spring. Claptrap, who was very lame, was got to the stables with difficulty, and placed under treatment. It was at first thought that Too Too would have to be destroyed, but she improved afterwards, and can be got round. Sirocco was also cut about a good deal, but the others seemed very I little the worse for the mishap. ! Just before tbe crosh came Nicholson called the attention of the jockeys beside him to the fact that Lord Exeter was pulling him out of the saddle. He had just remarked, "Haven't I got a soft thing to-driy," when hB went down and was killed. Robert Wyman, the rider of Sardius, who sustained concussion of tho brain, bad so far improved at the Alfred Hospital this evening as to be able to con I veree with the doctors. —Herald. 