THE ROAD TO HEAVEN. The sign or emblem of Christianity, as we all know, is baptism. Our Lord was Himself baptised by John in the rivor Jordan. (Matt, iii. 13.) Protestants, looking on that rite as complete in itself and as the first step on the road to Heaven, are well satisfied. According to Canon Fnrrar, the form of words used by John were a quotation from Ezekiel xxxvi., 25 : "I will sprinkle clean water upon you, and ye shall be clean." Not only was our Lord so baptized, but then and there the heavens opened with an approval. (Matt, iii., 16.) It might be supposed that "all who profess and call themselves Christians " would also approve and copy their Master. But do they ? No 1 Most certainly not. In the Protestant Church the rite of baptism is carried out with clean water alone, after the teaching of John, and with a simple but dignified and impressive ritual suitable to the occasion. : Now let us Bee what is the teaching and practice , of ".The Church of Borne," The Church off God," " The only true Church," to quote ,hefself-giveri titles,' and learn how she degrades thb'human race with her schemes of priestcraft. Since every quotation from, Roman Catholic books. that are published, even by authority, is called a -Protestant invention, unless it is in wonder and adoration at the holiness (?) of that peculiar Church, we give book and page, that those who , disbelieve us may inform themselves. On pages 77 to 80 of that favourite book at the Brorapton Oratory "The Treasury of Prayer," of which Cardinal Manning is so proud, will be found the Order of the Sacra ment of Baptism, in carrying out which the priest acts as follows towards the person to be baptised : He breathes three times upon the face and says Exi ab eo, to drive away the devil. He blesses salt, and putting it in the person's mouth says, " Receive the salt of wisdom,'! &c.; He makes the sign of the cross upon the forehead and says, "Dothou, accursed devil, never dare, to violate it." He takes spittle from his mouth and applies it with his thumb to the petson's ears, saying Ephphetha (" Be thou opened '') ; and also to the nostrils, say ing In odorern ' suavitatis (For a savour of sweetness), and then he adds in a loud tone, Tn autem effugare, (But thou fly, Satan). He anoints the person on the breast and between the shoulders. Ho, the priest, then changes his violet stole for a white one. He then pours- water . three times on the person's head in the form- of a cross, using the Pro testant form of words, "I baptise thee in the name of the. Father,' and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." He then anoints the person on the'top of the head, and, placing a white linen cloth upon it, says, " Receive this white garment, and see thou carry it without stain before the judgment- seat of our Lord Jesus ; Christ, that thou mayest have eternal life." He then gives to the person or sponsor a lighted candle, saying, " Receive this burning light, and keep thy baptism, eo as to be with out blame, &c.; Go in peace, and the Lord be : with thee. Amen." Thus ends a ceremony on which we need not remark, except to explain that in the acts of anointing, oil, wax, and chrism are applied. Chrism is an unctious compound of oils, wax, and balsams made on Holy Thursday, and stored for use. Think of the clean and simple form taught by our Lord and approved of from Heaven, by which Protestants take their first steps on the road to heaven, and compare it with the elaborate scheme in ten or twelve acts pro pounded by the Church of Rome, only one of which— water — has Divine snnction. MR; DALLEY'S "SEPULCHRES" AND " RESURRECTIONS." The following very pertinent letter from Sir Henry Parkes appears in the S. M. Herald of Tuesday : — Sir,— A short time ago Mr. Dalley in the exercise of his delicate fancy was pleased'to speak of my opposition to his late action as " the voice of one who speaks from a sepul chre," and since : then his trumpeters have caught up the key-note and have blown them selves out . of breath with the same tune. According to these , great authorities, I have no right, (having of my . own will retired from Parliament) To seek re- election, no matter what new and startling thing may happen in the country which I. have served for a genera tion. Mr. Dalley says I ought to " peacefully . occupy " the place iof / retirement from which his conduct lias, awakened mo. One of his apologists lias, said that I " ought to be.nailed down to my, retirement." " .".'Naturally 'enough',";' these considerate atten tions' on the part of Mr. Dalley and his', friends have quickened my recollection of wliat otlier public men have done, and I find that ; Mr. Dalley has been more conspicuous than any other man in the country in retiring to his political " sepulchres " and in his Parliamen tary " resurrections." The difference between him and me is really that, while I often manage to run my head against a stone wall in battling for what I believe to be a princi ple, he generally contrives to re-appear in Parliament when the emoluments of offioe are at his fingers' ends without any trouble to himself. I will not refer to Mr. Dalley's course in the Legislative Assembly many years ago, but will confine myself to his erratic move ments in connection with, and, I might say, in degradation of, the Legislative Council, which he has always appeared to regard as a mere place of convenience in pushing his political fortunes. If it is wrong for me to resign my seat in the Assembly and after wards seek re- election, surely it is in a greater degree wrong for Mr. Dalley to resign his seat in the Council, and then, when it suits him, to seek reappointment. Our Council is supposed to have been created as some sort of a remote type of the House of Lords, and the members of that body never resign. At all events, let the homely rule be applied to both Mr. Dalley and mysolf, that " what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander." Mr. Dalley was first appointed to the Legislative Council on the 10th May, 1861, having been one of the famous batch which were sent in to swamp the Council and pasB the Robertson Land Bill. The Council, which was created as the first instance for five years only, soon afterwards expired. Mr. Dalley was not among the new members for life, but was next appointed to the Legislative Council on the 28tn May, 1870. On the 23rd September, 1873, he resigned his seat, and went into his " sepulchre." But we have not to wait long for his " resurrection." On the 9th February, 1875, he is again appointed to the Legislative Council, this time as Attorney- General in the Robertson Ministry, and the defender of the land policy of 1862. The Ministry was defeated in March, 1877; but Mr. Dalley reappointed Attorney - General with Sir John Robertson, who came into office again on the 17th August of the same year. This Ministry also had a short life, and after its defeat. Mr. Dalley, on the 8th April, 1880, once more resigned his seat in the Council, and again went into his " sepulchre." But, again, we have not to wait long for his "resurrection." On the 5th January, 1883, Mr. Dalley is for the fourth or fifth time appointed to the Legislative Council, and lie now appears there as the Attorney-General of Mr. Stuart, the leader in Opposition to Sir John Robertson's land policy, and is pledged to destroy the Land Act of 1862, which he had hitherto strenuously defended. How soon Mr. Dalley will again resign his seat will depend, I presume, on the tenure of office of the Ministry of which he is so brilliant a member. Now, I think it is incumbent upon the Legislative Council to- take some step for the preservation of its dignity. It never can have been intended by the framers of the Constitu tion that the Council should be a place for men to go in and out of,, time after time, to gratify their changes or caprice or their freaks of ambition. No man who leaves the assembly can re-enter that House without the approval of a majority at the ballot-box. But Mr. Dalley returns from his chosen " sepulchre " -because it suits the purposes of a successful Minister to appoint him to the Council. Mr. Dalley should look to the glass house in which he lives, before he throws stones.— I am, &c.j; Sydney, March 23. HENRY PARKES. MR. OSBORNE. PERFORMS ANOTHER MOUNTEBANK SOMMERSAULT. — Mr. Osborne, who has been abusing Sir John, Robertson for a long time, at Goulbiirn thought it would suit his book to call him the noblest of patriots " 1 What dependence can be put upon a man like this, who is per petually turning his coat, if he thinks he can gain thereby ? He was asked at his Goulburn meeting why he spent all hiB time criticizing SirHenry Parkes, instead of stating his political views, and he said that there had not been time for the statement of a long programme of political views, (in other words confessed he had none of his own), lie would stick to the issue of the despatch of troopB. He told a questioner he was in favour of the payment of members of Parliament. THE POPE ON CATHOLIC DISSEN SIONS. — Leo XIII. has been accredited with astuteness and a knowledge of the ways of men ; briefly, he is said to be a man of the world, and a diplomatist. Nothing short of a strong conviction of the dangers of discus sion in France could have prompted his Holi ness to have dictated the letter to the Papal nuncio, elsewhere to be found in these columns. The truth is that in France, as elsewhere, the Liberal Catholics are in daily conflict with the Ultramontanes, to the great scandal of Holy Mother Church, but to the gratification of many Roman Catholic citizens. The Pope asks the disputants to cease their strife, and obediently to submit themselves to his authority. Journalists are not particu7 larly amenable even to Popes, as Italian his tory testifies, and, since the date of the first French Revolution, French journalists are as prone to discuss their differences as the Italians, or even the English. It is all very well to express regret for intestine dissensions among Catholics, but how they are to bo pre vented ? Something vastly more potent than : even Papal authority is necessary to put down , differences of opinion, grid consequent discus sion. That Journalists occasionally lose their temper, is no, nbyelty in France or elsewhere, ! ond.it 'may. .hie, confessed ''that' 'their passionate : controversies,; their, attacks on persons, their .'constant accusations and recriminations : are irritating, and: render brotherly harmony more and more difficult. How can the Pope pre vent these passionate controversies? A letter to a Papal nuncio is a very good kind of exer cise for those concerned, but it will and must itself cause controversy, and for the purpose for which it is intended is likely to be useless.. Voltaire, who, after his manner, was a journ alist and something more, depicted a state of society in which the claims of rivals were weighed and measured at the Vatican, but saw that it was in the past, and forecast its impossibility in the future. As a pupil of the J esuits and a Frenchman of high mark, he- understood, as few men have ever done, the operative forces in society causing discussion. The late Pope anathematised the errors of modern society in the celebrated Encyclical and Syllabus of 1864. Among the errors denounced are the following : — " Every man is free to embrace and profess that religion which, led by the light of reason, ho may have thought true." "Protestantism is nothing else than a different form of the same Christian religion, . in which it is permitted to please God equally as in the true Catholic Ohurch." " In this our age it is no longer expedient that the Catholic religion should be treated as the only religion of the State, all other wor ships whatsoever being excluded. " The Roman Pontiff can and ought to reconcile and harmonise himself with progress, with Liberalism, and with modern civilisa tion." The late Pope thus avowed his antagonism to nearly all that constitutes the sub-Btratum of modern thought everywhere among Liberal Catholics. Certainly this was before the Pope's infallibility was declared by an.CEou- menial Council, but even that achievement cannot change the whole current of opinion, national and international. Leo XIII. is said to possess many excellent qualities and great powers, hut he must fail in this attempt to silence the expression of opinion in France. It is too late in the day for an effective Papal censorship, and nothing leBS would have the least chance of success. It is not the fault of Leo XIII. that the intelligence of the age and Papal pretensions are irreconcilable. There is an incident related of the Roman Catholic Bishops from the United States, who attended the so-called CEcumencial Council of 1870, very well worth the attention of the present Pope. These prelates from the Un ited States were uneasy at the temper then manifested by Pio Nono, and at the. prospect of having to confront the Roman CatholicB in their respective dioceses in the groat Western Republic with the dogma of the Papal In fallibility. One of them exclaimed, "Nobody should be elected Pope " who has not lived three years in the United States, " and thus learned to comprehend what is possible at " this day in af reely-governed commonwealth,' An experience of this kind would make Popes cautious as to interference with news paper controversy, even in France.— St. J aniens Chronicle. ROME AND DYNAMITE. The recent attempt to blow up London Bridge is an event that has again seriously disturbed the sense of public security: in the metropolis. Unhappily these attempts are not the only or isolated instances of such out rages. Immediately after the execution of the criminals condemned for the murder of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke the Irish murder party attempted reprisals in England. An effort was made to blow up with dynamite the Government offices. Ex plosives were seized in Liverpool, Glasgow, London, and other places. On the 30th ; of October last year also fresh explosions: of dynamite occurred: on the Metropolitan Railway in London, and( we now; have a further attempt to. destroy London Bridge. From the information collected with, reference to these outrages, it would seem- to be the fact that the originators on all previous occa sions have been Irish Roman Catholics. No Protestant is named as connected with these nefarious attempts, and the Times , in this day's issue, states that in. order to carry on the " Fenian war, collections have been and are being made in - England, even at some of the places of worship of that , section.". If this be so, it may well be asked, has the Romish Church been : cognisant of these outrages, or has it exercised any restraining, influence for the repression of these murderous attempts which threatened to involve the destruction of innocent lives? In describing the history of the Gunpowder Plot, Hume informs us that -some of the conspirators felt compunc tions of conscience, on the ground that many Romanists would be present, and; thus be destroyed in- the general massacre ; but that " Jesmond, the Jesuit, and. Garnet, Superior of the Order, removed these scruples, and showed how the interests of religion required that the innocent should Buffer with the- guilty." (History of England, vol. vi., p. 31 ) The Church of Rome boasts of the power wielded in the Confessional for, the repression of crime. How is it , that; this influence-has not been effective for- the prevention - of such outrages and murders ? The wretched crim inals who were executed in Dublin seem, to have; been most pious Roman Catholics. Their diaries show them to have been most regular in their-attendance at Confession and Communion all the time they , were, planning and : executing their fiendish murders ; when found guilty and removed to Kilmainham Gaol, they received the constant attendance of priests and nuns. , Their devotion and calmness; were trumpeted forth daily in the papers,- as- martyrs for .country, if.: not i for faith.; The Weekly Register, September .'? 8, \- 1883, i again : reported, in , reference ,to , Dr. Gallagher and the-cther .dynamite .conspira tors,, that ,", the-conduct of the prisoners, all Y of whom prof ess the (R.) Catholic religion, had beon most exemplary while in prison, and they had been very attentive to their religiouB duties." We venture to ask— Are these murderous attempts regarded by the Jesuits of the present day as meritorious actions, similar in character to the gunpowder plot, and is in it the Bo-called " interests of religion" that these fiendish outrages have been permjtted to occur as well in Ireland as in this country? — St. James s V hronicle. MRS. GLADSTONE'S RITUALISTIC "HOME." From the Church Times the English Church man culls the following paragraph with a view to further comment : — On the feast of St. Katharine, the patron saint of the chapel, Evensong was sung at 730 p.m. The Rev. F. Mann, assistant priest of the parish, sung the office, the music used being Helmore's Plain-song. The special Psalms were cxi.. cxiii., cxlix., and the anti- phon to the Magnificat , " She shall be brought unto the King in a raiment of needlework," &o.; The office hymn was for a Virgin, No. 456, " Hymns Ancient and Modern." The Rev. N. J. Devereux, St. Mary's, Hoxton, addressed the inmates of the Home, urging them to imitate the example of St. Katharine, by the study of God's Word, and firmly con fessing Christ. The preacher illustrated his remarks about the saint by directing attention to St. Katharine, as depicted in the banner lately presented to the chapel. The decora tions were confined to and around the altar, which presented a bright ahd joyous appear ance, and must hove impressed all worship pers that it was the earthly counterpart of that heavenly altar before which we all one day hope to worship. It would be difficult, in the whole history of Ritualism, to point out a more remarkable fulfilment than the paragraph quoted of the prediction of the late lamented Dean Goode, whose clear vision saw in the early Tractarian movement, as in a seed, the promise and the pledge of all the debasing superstitions of Popery in its maturest stage of development. The " patron saint," Katharine, of Mrs. Glad stone's Home, who is so highly honoured by the Church of Rome, and by the studied imitators of that Church at Woodford, who sang special psalms and hymns in her honour, and preached of her mythical acts of goodness, as depicted on a "banner," is, for the most partj a legendary creation of mediaeval super stition, and utterly unknown to authentic history. This is clear even from the admis sions of the best- informed and most candid of Roman Catholic and Ritualistic historians. .Tillemont, for example, tells us that it would ho hard to find any saint more generally reverenced than St. Catherine, and one of whom so little is known on any credible his torical authority. Again, Baronius actually brands the " Acta Sanct» Catherine " of the Roman martyrology as a mixture of mendacity and truth (mendacium veris admix turn). The Rev. S. B. Gould, A.M., a protege of 'Mr. Gladstone, promoted on account of his Rit'ual- istic proclivities, in his " Lives of the Saints," denounces the good deeds of St. Catherine, recently depicted on the banner at; Mrs. Gladstone's Home, as a " marvellous romance. It isjcuriously suggestive to read in the Church Times of " the preacher, urging, the inmates of Mrs. Gladstone's' Home ' to follow' the example of St. Catherine in; firmly confessing Christ as a -'martyr,'' ' and - of another priest " singing the office " in' jher honour as . a martyr, and to compare, or 'rather contrast, all they said withthe criticism "of her legen dary martyrdom by Mr. Baring, Gould,'; who ; writeR as follows " A wheel set with razors was 5 constructed J for the execution - of ; : St. : Catherine, hut when she was placed on it the wheel broke and the razors flew., .about,, hacking and cutting the throats of the bystanders. Then Catherine prayed that she might suffer death, and asked only two things— that after her death her body might be preserved from being touched by profane fingers, and that the world might be con verted. Then her head was struck off with a sword, and angels came and carried off her body to Mount' Sinai. Maxentius was de feated by Constantino, and the world became Christian." Such, condensed, is the -wonder-. ful rigmarole which serves as the acts of St. Catherine. , This painful celebration, in a Church of England chapel, of Popish superstition in its grossest form constrains us to ask some ques tions of a practical character, and of the highest degree of importance. Is Rev. F. . Mann, assistant priest of the parish, "licensed " , by his Bishop ? If he is, and we presume he is, we contend that he is licensed to perform divine service after the forms aud formularies of the Church of England and not of the Church of Rome. Now, the Church of Eng land, so far from recognising " saints" who are not New Testament saints, deliberately; struck them off her red-letter days in her calendar, at the Reformation, and.. left their cultus.and> their celebration1 to the Church of Rom'o. The' Prayer-book provides no " office," no'collect, no Gospel, no epistle, and no special psalm for St. Catherine, and yettli'e assistant priest who honoured the memory of this apocryphal saint at Mrs. Gladstone's Homo took upon himself to provido " office " and " special psalm," and a special sermon,. and hymn from " HymnB Ancient and Modern " (which is so much Popery in rhyme), and .so he simply acted, the part of a Romieh priest and not of a" Protestant clergyman of the Church of England, and that, too, in a chapel which we have good reason to believe is "licensed" by the Bishop for a ProteBtant and not a Popish Bervice. If Mr. Gladstone is honest in hiB "Vatican" denunciation of Popery on the score of its " lying legends," he will, we trust, remind Mrs. Gladstone that as lady patroness of " the Home,", in its recent superstitious ob servance of St. Catherine's.Day, she is acting as patroness of the " lying legends," he has more than once denounced. If the Bishop of the diocese is true to his office and duty as a responsible overseer in the Reformed Church of England he must see to it that his licenses either to chapel or priest at Woodford are no longer abused, and insist upon it that the pure Word of God, and not lying legends, shall be for the future preached by his clergy in accordance with their solemn vows at or dination. COARSE SEDITION ON THE TABLE. _ Of the character of the secularist publica tion misnamed the Liberator which the School of Arts gives a place upon its table to, and morover subscribes to, while better papers are given gratuitously, we have spoken before. The School of Arts is supposed to be an educator of the people and the detestable teaching of the class book it places in the hands of its pupils and actually is at the expense of paying for, may be gathered from the following extract from the Dazly Telegraph of March 17th : — " A certain offensive print published in this city has been for some time engaged in the cheerful task of 'putting down ' God and religion generally. In this warfare acainst all that men reverence, it fights as the Chinese do, with stink-pots. A vehement desire to clutch one's nose is the principal effect produced by a glance at its pages. Blasphemous publications are of course, illegal, but the law is benevolently suspended by its administrators in the interests of Mr. Symes and the Liberator , and the apostle of blasphemy is allowed to go on his unspeakable way, week by week, unmolested of any one. This ingenious gentlemen has now undertaken to " put down " Queen Victoria and the Constitution of these realms generally. He delivered lately at the Hall of Science, and republishes, in the Liberator, a lecture on the 'Biography and Character of Queen Victoria.' At the risk of shocking our readers it is worth while giving a mild — a very mild — specimen of the sort of stuff talked and written in certain circles in this city. Here are a few oratorical gems from Mr. Syme's lips: — 'Queen Victoria is des cended from one of the worst families in Europe. A long list of criminals preceded her. . . . The Queen has been swindling the nation on the Civil List ever since she has been on the throne. . . . When the Queen came to the throne they thought she wanted a husband. Perhaps she did. (Laugh ter.) It was very natural and right that she should ; only the country had to hire one for her at a cost of £50,000 per annum. Fancy £50,000 for living with the Queen ! and per haps it was worth it. (Laughter.) . . . The money paid to the Prince Consort would have continued till now if he were alive, which, fortunately, he is not! I have no sympathy with the Royal family. I must tell you candidly, I am glad to hear when one of them is dead.. . . . . I am happy to tell you that Albert died in 1861, and the country was rid of his expenses. But the Queen still continued to draw her money, although she did not work.' ' Mr. Symes then proceeded to explore the ' private character ' of the Queen, but his performances under this head are best left undescribed. A refer ence, to King. Theodore's supposed love-letter to Queen Victoria- occasions the genial reflec- tion— 'There is not much difference between them beyond perhaps the colour of the skin ; but even that may not have been very great, as the Queen's skin is said to be not particu larly fair.' Then follows this burst of seditious rant :— 'Talk about fighting for the Queen! There is no person I wouldn't rather fight for. I know too much about her. She has swindled the nation. Friends, it is time for us to be republican. We must be slaves or men. Is it right to keep up the tyranny which is crushing the old country ? And do you know what is keeping this up? It is this sentiment of loyalty. Shame on you if you foster this sentiment of loyalty ! Fling it away! (Cheers.)' That such vile stuff should be spoken and printed by any man, of any lady, is an offence to manhood. That it should be poured out on the head of the Lady who wears the crown of these realms is a huge public scandal. Perhaps the extracts .we give above are not precisely treasonable ; at least, it would dignify them unnecessarily if they were indicted as treasonable. But they are an enormous offence against good taste and public decency. RECEPTION- OF .A - CONVERT FROM ROME INTO. THE MINISTRY OF THE . SCOTTISH EPISCOPAL CHURCH.— A largo congregation assembled -in,.. St. Andrew's Church : (Dr. Teape's) one; Sunday morning lately,' to 'witness the public reception by' the.. Bishop of the diocese of the Rev. Donald Mackay, lately a Romish priest, into the i, Episcopal Church." Mr.., Mackay was at one time in .Glasgow, and diis last' charge in con nection with the Romish' Cliiircli was in Stir- ding. In July last he signed the .deed. of re- cantation drawn' up' by- the ;Bisliop of Edin burgh, was admitted itoi communion in the Episcopal Church, and obtained permission to \- assist iri jSt; Andre w's till the Bishop publicly introduced him. The following is Mr. Mac- kay's published statement I myself was born a Catholic, bred a Catholic, studied for the Church of ' .Rome, and - was promoted to holy orders on 14th,. September, 1870. I served that Church faithfully for upwards of thirteen: years, even when her doctrine stuck in my th roat as false, perilous, and full 'of fraud to mankind. I severed my connection from her on '30th April last (1884), because I could not believe in the infallibility of the Pope, the doctrine of the immaculate concep tion, transubstantiation, nor could I acknow ledge the worship of the saints, because Jesus Christ, the great centre and sole Mediator of . our holy religion, is infinitely wiser, infinitely more knowing and appreciative of our wants than they are, and infinitely nearer to us, neing omni-present, than all the saints put together." Since July 4th, Mr. Mackay has been studying under the Bishop's direction, and examined periodically by the Bishop, Dr. Dowden, and Dr. Cazenove, and gave satis faction. On Sunday, October 19th, the day appointed by the Bishop, Mr. Mackay was publickly received into the Church. Morning Prayer was read to the third Collect, then the Bishop delivered an impressive sermon from John xx. 22,23, in which the importance of the ministry was pointed out. Then the candi date was presented by Dr. Teape, and the usual Priest's Ordination Service used, with the exception of " laying on of hands." It is more than a century since anything of the kind took place in the Edinburgh Diocese. In the evening Mr. Mackay preached to an overflowing congregation, from the words, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all heart and mind and soul and strength : this is the first and great commandment." . ' 