J 1| ilHJ linilC " MOSQUiTtlES IN --MI11WW. " Some twenty year ago, while living in j Vermont, I started to make the journey from \ Burlington to Canaan, a town in the north- east corner of the state. . ! . 1.1 i. i_i_ 9 .. knnstaaia ana t : Rtiuoyga uiie wip iw» « ,w"v» determined to combine plea but e with it, ana travel a elowly as I chose, fishing or bunting by the way. I should have to cro?s two chains ofmoantain, or rather two spurs of the sme chain — tbeG-reen — and I knew that I should find trout in all the -treats a, and perhaps occasionally run across a deer. i Leaving t'ns rei'road therefore, at St. Albans, I proceeded on foot from that point with rod and gun, fishing the brclrB as I advanced, and oaaarionally spsndrog an afternoon is hunting, until I had crossed the first range of mountains, the valleys of Lake Memphrem&gog;, and had reached the little village of Morgan, which lies at the foot of the Beeond range. The distance between Morgan and Canaan was about twenty miles, and I intended to accomplish it in one day. Nothing of importance occurred to me in ; crossings the mountains, nor did I meet with | a single person until I was far down the j yaUsy upon the other aide. Th3 climb had j been a hard one, and the day was wearing ; towards dask when I met a solitary traveller coming from the direction of Canaan. Hallo !' I called. ' What's the distance to the town z Town!1 he repeated, in astonishment, gazing at me as though I were a ghost ; whit town ?' 4 Why, Canaan, of oourse,' I replied. Can I get through to-night ?' Again the man looked at me in a dazed . kind of way, and then, suddenly starting, ; replied— j No, stranger, no ! Yon can't get through to-night;' and before I could ask another : question he had harried by me, and was | walking rapidly away np the road. ' He must be orazy,' I thought, as I moved on. 1 Perhaps, however, he was right, and I cannot get througtato-nigt ; I must make hscte and I poshed forward with renewed energy. Just as the son disappeared behind the \- mountains, whiah now lay to the westward, I reached a little hill whioh commanded a fine view of the surrounding country, and some thing Icbs than three miles ahead, close to : the shining Connecticut river, I saw, gleam- , log through the twilight, the white houses of Canaan. . - 'Tis not so far as I thought,' said I to myself, as my eye followed the winding road ; ' that lay. before me ; ' bat there are some we >ds that I mast pass before dark, and I'll harry on and with that I began the descent of the hill. Abont half-way between my point of ob servation and the village lay a line of woods, apparently a kind of half swamp, through whioh I mast pass ; and I desired to xeaoh the open ooantry beyond before the night had fairly set in. To this end I walked rapidly along the road, which was already growing dnskisb. I had almost readied the wood, when I heard the noise of an approaohing waggon, and Just at the very edge of the timber I met a man leading a horse, to which was hitehed a light lumber waggon. - 1 Quod evening, sir,' I remarked, ashe drew near. He stared at me and made no reply. How fax do you o&l;! it to Canaan !'- Am riin Mu'na thrnnoh them winds tn Canaan?' <1 am, sir. Is not this the nearest way ?' I returned. r - The man laughed a sort, of desperate 'laugh. You'll never reaeh the town this way,1 he replied. 'You'll never pass these woods alive!' : 'Good heavens!' I cried, 'what do yon mean ? Are there murderers here V 1 Millioua of them ! Millions 1' he answered, with earnestness. ' Listen !' he added, Belzing my arm ; ' do you not hear them ?' The night, or eveniog, was still, and the ohirp of the crickets and the far-oil barbing of the farm dogs sounded clear and distinct through the air; but £ aould hear nothing < more frightful, and I said so. 'Don't you hear 'em? Don't you? Try 1 again. They'e singing while they wait for | you,' the man continued. ' Listen 1' j From the depths of the swamps a faint j but growing sound now fell upon my ear. It was like the song of a million of bees, only | the note was sharper and more shrill, and filled tbe air until it trembled with the quick j vibrations. A sadden thought came to me. j 4 Mosquitoes !' I cried. j My informant grinnadr j « I thought you'd hear 'em. Don't try to j pass the woods to night. Come baok with me.' 'What! do you think I am afraid of them?' I exclaimed, half angrily, turning away. 'I shall be in Canaan in half an hour. Good-night,' and without farther delay I broke from the grasp of my would-be friend and entered the dim shadows of the wood. Bat even as I disappeared from bis view J heard him oall after me, with grim humour — ' Good-night, an' if you will go, good-bye.' I harried on. I had passed, perhaps, one- third of the distance when I became aware that a cloud of the troublesome insects was ' following me. I increased my speed ; they flew the faster, and began to sting me. ' I streak here and there, killing them npon my faoe and hands by dozens. Hundreds immediately took their place. The song which the countryman spoke of sonnded clearer and clearer each moment in my ears, and the numbers of my assailants increased every instant. It was becoming, to say the least, unpleasant. Turning aside for a moment, I out a leafy branoh, and with it thought to drive the 'insects from the air about my head. I might .as w ll have tried to drive the air itself sway. They settled npon me iu swarms, each in- ' dividual biting as though it was his first and last chanos for a meal. I threw aside my faraneb #nd ran. My ten shew only sang the louder, and darkened all the road be! re m". ' Tbe sound of tbcfr humming drowned the noise of my dm MIJU ; thej fiitad W tej &?»' J - y. ...mi . -- — . iny nymtitjM my- -iHWtrihH - -I iiigM'WWi w ! breathe, and my hands were covered with my ! own blood ! j My retreat became a rout. I ran with all the speed, of which I was capable. I relfc myself growing weak, an indescribable horror I took possfssitm of me. I shrieked, bs&ting; : the air with red and dripping hand? ; «nd my feet flew along tbe narrow road. Should X never reach the clearing? Tbe last- five minutes of thai fearful race I cannot remember. " I never remembered them. All grew dark, and I lost mysel, to regain self-possession only when I stumbled | against the fenoe of one of the outlying houses In the town of Ganaan. Then partial coneciousnese' returned, and biicd, half dead, and moaning with agony, I staggered up the village street and dragged myself into the village inn. A dozen men sat around the barroom, but at> I entered every one sprang to his feofc, and a single cry went up from them all — ' He's come through the mosquito swamp 1' It was three days bpi ore I could leave my bed, nearly a week befo a I could leave my ; mnm far fnllv torn mnnfhn T retained i the soars of my terrible battie. — Exchange. | ' 