CUT BY THE COUNTY. A NOVEL, By M. E. BRADDON, Author of ' Lady Audley's Secret,' ' Phantom Fortune,' &c.; JPablistei by special arrangement with the authored. All rights reserved.] Chapter I. — ' The Shade by which my Lifb was GBDST.'—fCoatitvued). ?' Do you remember hearing eleven or twelve years ago of an officer in the 19fch Afghanis* tanSgja man called Mackenzie.' '?lie man who shot the sentry? Certainly I remember hearing of him. Everbody heard of him — a terrible case.' jfe. 'The man who shot the sentry waemy wife's £rst husband.' 'Good heavens!' ? 'Yes, he was her first cousin, Stuart Mackenzie, a man who began life brilliantly, who was a celebrity in his way for two or three seasons as one of the handsomest young men in London. Perhaps that spoiled him. His father died before he was of age, and he suc ceeded to a handsome fortune which he began to squander directly it came into his possession. Clare's mother was a widow, a woman of the world, had been a beauty, lived only for society, and cared very little for her daughter. I have gathered as much as this from Clare's reluctant admissions rather than from actual statement, as she has been loth to ?cast the faintest reproach upon her dead another.1' 'I know the kind of woman,' said Stukely, J' not by any means an uncommon type.' 'Clare was only seventeen, and had not yet been introduced into society, wore school-girl -frocke, practised Beethoven, and read Schiller -with a good old governess, while her mother -went to parties. They spent the London season in a West End lodging, and lived for the rest of the year at Torquay, where Mrs. Molyneux, Glare's mother, had a house 'of her ?own. The widow's means were limited, and just sufficed for this kind of life, and I daresay -she looked forward with dread to the expense of launching a pretty daughter, still more perhaps to the idea of being outshone and aged by the- daughter's appearance. Anyhow, she 3cept Clare very close; and when Stuart Mackenzie proposed for his cousin Mrs. Molyneux received him with open arms and forced on the marriage with all the strength of a mother's -influence. Clare, who was at first reluctant, was gradually persuaded to -think herself very fond of her cousin. He and she had been playfellows in her childhood, and she had liked him very well -then. It was -flattering to think that one of the handsomest young men in London was over head and ears in love with her. The idea of immediate ?escape from the governess, the German poets, .and the dulness of London lodgings was pleasanter still. The prospect of a voyage to India was sheer enchantment. The girl gave -way. The marriage was hurried on, as the Afghanistans were under sailing orders within sis: weeks. Clare spent her honeymoon in Italy, and sailed with her husband from Trieste in a great troopship a fortnight after her wedding-day, and six months before her eighteenth birthday. 'Poor child.' *'The life in India was gay and bright enough at the first. There lad been rumors of war, but nothing came of those rumors. India was supremely quiet in that long lull which followed the suppression of the mutiny. -Gradually, slowly, the sickening truth dawned upon my poor Clare. She had married a pro ihgate, a spendthrift, and a gamester. She jihirinirR with horror from all memories of that hateful life ; yet there have been times when it has seemed a relief to her to talk to me about those days, when the overburdened mind has thrown off some part of its load; and at such times I have encouraged her confidences. Her husband was one of the most popular men in India from a social standpoint, during those first few years. He was brilliant, fascinating, ?clever, open-handed; but he was a thoroughly bad man all the same, and bis -wife was the chief sufferer by his vices. Then came a -change. - Intemperate habits told their usual tale. He grew nervous, excitable, shorttem pered, most of all when he had been unlucky at play ; and play was his nightly amusement. He became very unpopular with his brother officers; and the feeling of the mess at last tame to a point which rendered an exchange inevitable. Mackenzie exchanged from the famous Afghanistans into a fine regiment quarteied in the south of Ireland.' 'A dreary change, I should think.' said Stukely, whose happiest years had been spent ?under an Indian sun, to whom the ways of Tr^'' life were the familiar ways, and those of Britain strange. ' A change that wrecked him for ever. In India there were some restraining influences, Ccaste, society, the knowledge that the eyes of great men were upon him; bat in that shabby little Irish town there were none. He sank into a dull apathy, abandoned every ambition of an honorable man. sulked with bis wife, was foolishly in dulgent one day, brutally, harsh the next, to their only child, a boy of seven, and the wife's solitary consolation. He had spent nearly all his money. He had thrown away- all his chances of advancement. He knew this, and - the very knowledge that he was a ruined man* madehim reckless. He drank to drown care drank till his brain grew soddened and dull— drank until delirium tremens became a chronic malady. Oh, the horror of those days as Clare describes them. The ever recurring evil, which she dreaded in every hour of her lif e. She was 'bis nurse when he was ilL She screened hint, she apologised for him, she enabled him to keep his position years after his own folly would have forfeited it. They went from station to station — now at borne, now abroad — and it was on their return to that dull old town in the south of Ireland that the catastrophe oecured which gave Stuart Mackenzie's name a criminal notoriety.' 'I remember. It was at Mallow the murder ©centred.' 'The crime washardly to be called a murder, lor tie wretch was mad whenit happened. He tad teen laid up for » week with aa attack of dfiliririm tremens, which was a little worse than Buy previous experience in the same line. His orderly was a good fellow, young, stalwart, plucky, and Clare and the orderly contrived between them to nurse him and keep every thing dark, though his paroxysms were at times so violent as to need all the orderly's strength and all Clare's courage to grapple with him. Things went on like this for a week, by_ which time both servant and mistress were fairly worn out, while there were no signs of improvement in the patient. The doctor knew what the complaint was, but did not know half the violence of the attack, so careful was Clare to conceal the worst symptoms — a mistake, as she discovered afterwards.' 'I can understand that look in Lady Darnel's face now,' said the colonel medi tatively; 'the look of a woman who has suffered intensely in years gone by, and who can never quite forget the old wounds.' ' Perhaps neither Clare nor the servant knew how utterly exhausted they both were by what they had done and gone through in that dreadful week, for when Clare left the man on guard one night, and went to her room for a few hours' rest, she had perfect confidence in his watchfulness. The poor fellow dropped asleep at his post. It was a moonlight night in summer, and Mackenzie's window opened on to a balcony. The trooper had locked the door, and put the key in his pocket. But to a man of Mackenzie's athletic training the descent from that first floor balcony was nothing. He saw his keeper asleep, saw himself linwatcbed for the first time since his malady had come upon him, and, delighted at the idea of free dom, he got up, dressed himself hastily in trousers and shooting jacket, scaled the balcony, and made for the gates of the barracks. At the gate he was challenged by a sentinel, who did not recognise him. Mackenzie did not answer the challenge, and the soldier tried, to stop him. He wrenched the gun out of the sentinel's hands, and shot him through the head. The sound of the shot in the silence of the night awakened the men in the quarters nearest the gate. There was an alarm, and the sentry was found dead in front of his box. Mackenzie was not found till late on the following afternoon, when he was discovered hiding in a wood five or six miles from the barracks, with the sentry's gun in his hand — stark mad. There was a trial, which resulted in Captain Mackenzie's detention during Her Majesty's pleasure ; but he only lived a little more than a year after his transference to the county asylum, where Clare visited him every week. He never recovered from that shock and the exposure of that night. He sank into a state of melancholy madness, in which his nights were haunted by horrible dreams, always act ing over again that struggle for the arun with the sentry, always shooting him and seeing him fall, shot through the brain — not one sentry but a hundred sentries, till he woke in an agony, steeped in cold sweat which he mistook for blood. He used to tell Clare these dreams, with an awfully graphic power which tortured her. He became singularly mild in those days—drivellingandimbecileinhislanacy, save when he was excited by the thought of those nightly visions. Clare asked his keeper if he had these dreadful dreams every night, and the man told her he had never known a night go by without his being awakened by that cry of horror, 'the sentry.' Death came at last, by inches, a gradual ex tinction of mind and body. Dissolution in its mostpainful form.' 'What a martyrdom for a wife.' ' Yes, a veritable martyrdom ; but her sorrows were not over. She was left poorly off, with one child, her boy, her comfort and con solation in the earlier years of his life, but already, at eight years old, a trouble and an anxiety. The child was rebellious, difficult, fitful, alarmingly like his father in person and disposition. Clare's mother was dead, and she stood alone in the world. She dropped the name of Mackenzie, and called herself Stuart. She 'went to a quiet little inland watering place in Mid-Wales, and devoted herself to her boy, gave up her whole life to the task of train ing nun until it should be time for him to go to a public school. Her own education had been carried further than the average standard by her conscientious German governess, and she was able to prepare her boy for Rugby. She made up her mind that he should not be a soldier. She wanted to shield him from the temptations of military life. He went to Rugby, she pinching herself to provide the ex penses of his maintenance there ; and he was expelled in the second year. That was a crush ing blow. Then he told her that he had not tried to do well. He had set his heart upon being a soldier, and she had better send him to an army coach to prepare for Woolwich. That profession, and no other, would he work for. She was firm, and the boy was sullen. If he was not to go into the army he would do nothing. He idled away his life in tie little \folsh settlement, amusing; himself with any sport that came within t'g reach — fia^ing^ shooting, a day's hunting, now snl again — always a trouble and as expease, a care and a grief to the poor mother. But the worst was to come. Before bis nineteenth birthday she had discovered the hereditary taint. Her son was an incipient drunkard. She moved heaven and earth to get him into new surroundings, a more active life. She was told by a medical wiseacre that a new country, an open air life would cure him ; and after infinite trouble she shipped,, him off to Queensland with introductions which provided for his being decently placed at a sheep-farmer's when he got there. She heard from him once after his arrival, a letter written in good spirits, fall of sanguine ideas of success in his new career. And then followed a silence which has never been broken ; but in the account of the wreck of the Erl King, bound from Brisbane to London, there was in the list of passengers lost a young man called Stuart, travelling alone, whose description, obtained by Clare from the Brisbane agent, corresponded very fairly with that of her son, so it is more than probable that the sea has closed over Valentine Stuart.' 'Let us hope it is so,' said the colonel cheerily ; 'a young man with those proclivities could never be anything but a scourge to the mother. For your sake, and for Lady Darners, I hope the youth found a watery grave. There is something very terrible in the idea of death when it takes away someone we love; but there is something uncommonly comfortable in the idea of death when it removes someone we want to get rid of,' added the colonel philosophically. 'It was at Torquay that I met my wife,' continued Sir Allan, ' I went there after a month with the Esmoor bounds for a few days' visit to an old friend of my father's, vicar of one of the outlying parishes, a man who remembered Hurrell Froude and the days of Oxford Tracts. He had known Clare from her childhood, had prepared her for confirmation, and married her to the man who blighted her life. I heard the sad story from him before I saw her face. Perhaps sympathy and com passion prepared my heart for loving her. In any case I fell in love with her at first sight, and I did not leave Torquay till I had won her. I am bold enough to' believe that her heart was mine almost from the beginning, but she was constrained by unselfish fears for my welfare, and it was with difficulty I obtained her consent to be my wife with as little delay as possible. She feared the scandal that might ari&e; in my neighborhood if once that terrible story of her first husband got wind; she reminded me of the uncertainty surrounding her son's fate, and the possibility that he was still living, and might be a burden and a disgrace to me in the future. 1 told her that these things were trifles— feathers when weighed in the scale against the gold of true love. In a word I overruled all her objee* tions, laughed her fears to scorn; and six weeks after our first meeting the dear old vicar married us, and we started in the dull grey November weather for our honeymoon tour across the Cornish moors, and along the wild sea-coast from Tintaeel to the Lizard. Oh, those happy days in the little inn at the Land's End, beside the roaring Atlantic ! alone, re mote from the world and its ways. I shall never forget the sweetness, the perfect confi dence and love of that time. It has grown and strengthened since then — it will go on increas ing till I die.' 'And there has been no cloud on your happi ness at Darnel ?' 'None, or only the lightest summer clouds hardly worth talking about. My marriage was naturally a blow to Dora, who had been mistress of Darnal Manor ever since my step mother's death. She talked at first of going away— living abroad — buying a, house in Salis ury for the sake of the cathedra 1 service, she said. But she stayed on, interfered a good I deal with my wife in the management of the j louse and servants, and was obviously un j happy.' j 'You ought to have got rid of her Allan,' said the colonel frankly. 'These menages A j trots never answer. It would have been 1 happier for you and your half -sister if she had set up an independent establishment, were it even within a milts of your gates.' ' I was seriously meditating making her the offer of a handsome addition to her income, in order to enable her to live independently, with out any diminution of the comfort she has enjoyed here.' 'So like you, my dear Allan, to be seriously meditating a step which ought to have been taken months before you began to meditate,' said the colonel, laughing. 'Well, I did not want to be unbrotherly, you see ; and Dora had kept my house so admirably. However, while I was thinking of cutting the knot of the difficulty my way, my dear Clare cut it her way, which was much more generous. She came down to breakfast one morning with her little morocco key-casket in her hand, and gave it over to Dora in my presence. ' I am a very bad housekeeper,' she said, 'and I have no love for government, while you are a superb manager, and have rather a liking for the reins of power, so why should we live uncomfortably when we might live happily, each after her own taste. From this day forth I renounce all administrative rights and privileges at Darnel Manor.' ' How did Miss Darnel take that ?' 'Hardly so pleasantly as she ought to have done. She sneered at poor Clara's renunciation of domestic management as if it had been an assertion of intellectual superiority, 'I dare say looking after servants and ordering dinners does seem a very degrading occupation to a ; person of your superior mind,' she said, ' but I ? have always remembered that my brother's I comfort depends upon these vulgar details.' She made me very angry.' ' I should have taken her by the scruff of the neck and pitched her out of doors,' inter jected Stukely. 'I did not go quite so far as that, but I gave Dora a bit of my mind there and then ; and I think her cold ham and chicken that morning was rather a hot breakfast. She is always sweetest after a good licking ; so after break fast she took the keys as meekly as a lamb, and promised that she would prove worthy of Lady Darnel's confidence. 'You are much too generous and too indulgent to the servants,' she said. ' That has been your only fault as a housekeeper.' ' 'A change had come o'er the spirit of her dream,' laughed the colonel. 'Ten o'clock, by Jove ! Hadn't we better go to the ladies ?' Chaptek II. — 'We Pr,.vr with Light Loves in the Postal.' Colonel Stukely had been a guest at Darnel Manor for nearly two months. He had ex plored, all the country side within thirty miles, looking for that ideal estate — a small but per fect house, with perfect stables, a good old fashioned garden, and about forty acres of fertile pasture — which he had dreamed of for many a year under the tropic stars, and which he found almost as difficult of attainment as if he had wanted an estate in one of those very stars. The colonel and his host drove many a mile in Sir Allan's dog-cart with the high stepping horse to see places -which were de scribed in auctioneers' advertisements as earthly paradises, and which generally proved the kind of habitation that a man buys in an interval of lunacy, with insane ideas of im provement or reconstruction, and which he tries to shuffle off upon a new victim directly he recovers his senses. ? The colonel made shorter pilgrimages in his god-daughter's pony carriage; Gracie very proud of driving ner warrior about the country. But as yet nothing beyond the pleasure of exploring a charming landscape in the golden harvest - time had resulted from their ex cursions. Yes, there had been one result, and an im portant one so far as Grace Darnel was con cerned. During one of these rustic jaunts the girl took courage and opened her heart to her godfather, the most faithful and the most in dulgent friend she had ever known from the days of her childhood. They went a little further than usual on this occasion, to a place which had been described as a gem of picturesque beauty ; and which turned out to be a dilapidated farmhouse situated on the edge of a swamp, and sur rounded by meadow-land that would have cost a small fortune to drain. The colonel was amused rather than indignant at the discre pancy between [the place itself and the auc tioneer's advertisement, and laughed heartily at his own disappointment. ' To think that we should have driven eleven miles through some of the vilest roads in Wilts to look at such a god-forsaken hole as this,' he exclaimed, after he and Grace had perambu lated the neglected old garden and had emerged upon the road in front of the gates. There was a long wooden bridge a few paces further on, spanning an expanse of watery pasture, full of reed and bulrush, and on this bridge the colonel stood, with his arms folded on the handrail, looking lazily at the cows up to their haunches in the rank verdure. He turned round, smiling at his god daughter, expecting her to be amused at this latest example of house agents' inventive facul ties ; but to his surprise and discomfiture he found her in tears. ' Why, Gracie,' he cried tenderly, ' what is amiss with my little girl ?' 'Everything,' Grace answered vehenjently. 'I must tell some one. I cannot bear it any longer. To be so base, so secret, so false to those I love ! I bate and despise myself. I really think I am the wickedest, meanest girl in England. I had rather tell you than any one else, because you are always indulgent, and you won't preach as papa would. He would forgive me in the end, I daresay, but he would | begin by preaching — and I am so unhappy that ) I don't think I could bear a word.' ; 'My dearest Gracie, you mean ! You de- ? ceitful ! I would not hear your enemy say so, and leave him unkicked. Nonsense, child,' said the colonel cheerily, laying his friendly ' hand upon Grace's shoulder. Her head was bent so that lie could not see her face, and her tears were dropping into the rank grass and making the meadow a little more watery for the cows. 'Stuff and nonsense, my dear. Some little girlish folly which you have con- j cesled from Sir Allan, and which your own ' fancy has exaggerated into a matter of im portance.' ' It is not a little folly, colonel. It is a big folly. I am engaged to be married — to a person whom my father has never seen — of whose very existence he is ignorant. 'Humph,' exclaimed Stuckly, 'that sounds rather serious. But people get out of such engagements -occasionally.' 'I shall never get out of mine,' answered Grace, with a heroic air. ' I would die rather than break my word.' ' Of course, of course,' said the godfather soothingly. 'More especially as the person to whom I am engaged is very badly off, and not able to ? ' ' To maintain you,' interjected the colonel. ' Naturally, my dear, naturally. That is an excellent reason for sticking to him. And now tell me all abont it. When and where did you meet this gentleman ?' 'In Paris, at the Louvre.' 'The big shop for gowns, and bonnets, and things?' ' ' So, the picture gallery. ' ' ' Who introduced him to you ?' | 'Nobody. A mahl stick.' ' A mahl stick introduced Him j' ' 'Oh, godfather, please don't be shocked. I I know how horrid it all was— how unladylike — j bow improper. I have thought about it, and i cried over it many a time since I came home, j Nobody introduced him to me. You know how fond I am of painting. I worked very hard when I was in Paris, and I got permission from Madame Sartori to go and paint three times a week at the Louvre. Horrid old thing, X believe she was glad to get rid of me. She told off one of the governesses — a domestic drudge, a lady-help sort of person — to go with me, for which father paid five guineas a term extra. It was all very correct and proper so i far. In fine weather we used to walk from j Passy to the Louvre. In wet weather we had j a fiacre, which I used to pay for out of my l pocket-money. Lady Darnel and father j between them kept me very handsomely supplied. 'No doubt,' said the colonel, 'and I have observed that c Satan finds some mischief still,' as Dr. Watt says, for school boys and girls who have too much pocket-money. Go on, Grace.' 'One day I was copying a Madonna, by Guido — not a bit like, I know — for my Madonna would conie out with a purple complexion, like a cabman in cold weather, and the picture was hung high. So I had to sit on a kind of plat form four feet off the ground. It was very nice sitting up there and looking down at the people and at the other students. There were - three or four in the room. One of them was a j remarkably handsome young man, who was copying a little Wouvermans, in watercolors in a spirited, dashing style, which I thought wonderfully clever. He looked dreadfully ill, poor fellow— such hollow cheeks, such a hag gard look about his large dark eyes. But that naturally made him all the more interesting. j 'Naturally,' said the colonel, 'given a '; young man without a sixpence and with a ? marked tendency to pulmonary consumption, and granted a generous-hearted girl the result may be calculated upon as a certainty. Of ; course you fell in love with him on the spot.' j ' I am not that kind of person, colonel. I ( don't suppose I should ever have given him a : serious thought if it had not been for the acci- j dent which introduced us to each other. He - talked a good deal to a frumpish little elderly : woman who was toiling at a big altar-piece, ! and who looked as if she worked for her living, * He had such bright, winning ways that I could not help noticing him — a little. Mademoiselle Bouge, the governess, said he was the hand somest young man she had ever seen. One day I dropped my mahl stick.' 'On purpose?' ' Oh, colonel, how can you think so meanly of me. No, it was pure accident. He flew to pick it up. I thanked him — and then he lingered and began to talk. ' *' Was he a Frenchman?' 'A thorough Parisian. He told me in the politest way that my flesh tints were too blue, and gave me some excellent hints about color. Then he went back to his easel, and took no further notice, except a particularly graceful bow when I left the room. When I went back two days afterwards he was there again, at another Wouvermans. He bowed when I went in ; gentlemen bow first in France, you know ; and I could not be so bearish as not to ac knowledge his bow. I got on to my platform, and poor Mademoiselle Bouge sat on her usual bench and stared at the pictures in her usual sleepy way. My hand trembled so that I could hardly paint.' _ __ i ' And you dropped your mahl stick again. ' I 'No, coloneL How can you imagine such conduct? You have evidently a poor opinion j of girls. I went on painting, wretchedly, for ; half an hour or so, getting that poor Madonna j bluer and bluer with every touch of the brash, | and just as I was beginning to despair of her j the young French man came over to me and 1 asked me if I would allow him to -give me a | few more hints upon coloring- and harmony, and so on. I neither said yes nor no, only murmured vaguely, like a shy simpleton as I was. He seemed to think this gave him full permission, and he took the picture in hand and told me how I had gone wrong, and showed me what to do. This was the begin ning of our friendship, which came about very gradually, almost unawares: but in a fort night's time we were friends. We did not talk much. That would have been impossible in a public room and under the eye of Made moiselle Bouge ; but he used to contrive to give me a letter every time we met, and he was wonderfully clever at slipping the letter under my color-box or into my hand without poor' old Bouge seeing him. ' He .had done the same kind of thing very often beforS, no doubt.' ' You ought not to say that, colonel, it is not like your usual kindness. No, he told me, in his very first letter, that he had never been really in love before.' 'They never have,' muttered the colonel. 'He wrote the loveliest letters.' ' And you answered them?' 'I was obliged ti answer sometimes. I hardly knew how wrong it was. You see I had been brought up in a place where I knew everybody, and I had no idea of being afraid of strangers. I told him who I was, and how I was finishing my education at Madame Sartori's, and he told me his own history, and that he was an orphan quite alone in the world, and that he belonged to a good old Burgundian family, and that he had come to Paris to study art.' 'A regular Bohemian, no doubt.' ' You ought not to say that, godfather. He always looked like a gentleman, though his clothes were shabby. And though he lived on the left side of the Seine, in the student's quarter, his manners were perfect.' ?' And his name. He had a name, I suppose.' 'His name is Victor de Camillac,' answered Grace, with dignity ; ' and I am engaged to him.' 'Eeally and truly engaged to him ? That is carrying things rather far with a young man with whom you only exchanged a few words about painting, and half a dozen surreptitious love letters.' ' There -were a great many more than half a dozen,' answered Grace, 'he wrote volumes. He gave me a letter every time I went to the Louvre — such clever letters, so eloquent, so poetical.' ' I kn;w the kind of thing. He is one of those men with whom letter-writing is a com plaint,' said the colonel. ' Your dragon, Miss Bouge, must have been a very sleepy personage to have had no suspicion of what was going on under her nose.' ' Oh, she had her suspicions,' poor soul, but I persuaded her to keep my secret. I blush to say that I appealed to her meanest in stincts.' 'As how?' j£ 'You know the confectioner's at the corner of the Rue Castiglione ?' 'No.' ' Don't you ? How I pity you. It is one of the best — I believe it is the best confectioner's in Paris. I used to take Bouge there every afternoon when we left the Louvre. ' Now, dear,' I used to say, 'take whatever you fancy,' and the poor soul used to revel in eclairs and choux, and brioches and 5n-Sringue3, and red currant syrup to an alarming extent.' ' How she must have missed you when you left school,' said the colonel, laughing. He could not bring Inmself to be very angry with his goddaughter for this folly of hers ; nor could lie think very seriously of this inter change of love-letters with a shabby-genteel Frenchman. The whole business seemed at the first blush too foolish for grave considera tion ; and yet on reflection Colonel Stukely told himself that it was a kind of folly which might entail disagreeable consequences. Very dis agreeable if the young man were a scamp, and the circumstances favored that inference. 'And do you mean to say, Gracie,'he began after a pause, 'that you have engaged yourself in black and white to a man of whose surround ings and antecedents you knew absolutely nothing?' 'I knew everything,' she answered indig nantly. 'Victor told me his whole history. He was thoroughly frank. He confessed that he had only just enough to live upon poorly and in a poor quarter. His father had been ruined by the Mexican war, having been tempted to put all his money into Mexican bonds. When his father died Victor came to Paris to study art, in the hope of becoming a distinguished painter, like Meissonier or Vidal. If I would promise to marry him he told me should have a new incentive to in dustry, perseyerence, patience — the holiest and purest incentive. 'That fetched you, 'said the colonel, 'and you promised.' 'Not for months after I received that letter. What a very feeble person you must think me, colonel.' 'I think you an adorable little goose,' said her godfather. 'I don't think I should have consented to engage myself to him,' pursued Grace, ' only one day I missed him in the room where he and I had both been working.' 'Still at your Guido?' 'Oh, no, I had gone into another room, and I was copying a flower piece. Victor advised me to paint flowers and fruit and things — dead nature, as he called them — rather than Italian Madonnas. One day he was missing, and the next time, and the next. I had not seen him for a week. I felt sure that he must be ill. I was very unhappy about him ; haunted by the image of his poor pale face. At the end of the week he wrote to me, under cover to Made moiselle Bouge, who brought me the letter to my room, with a fearful countenance, and told me it might have been the ruin of her to receive it ; which was sheer nonsense, as even Madame Sartori's sharp eye? could not read the inside of a thick envelope.' 'The letter told you he was dying, I pre sume,' said the colonel. 'It was only_ a few lines scribbled with a pencil, and written from what he thought would be his death bed. It was a last adieu ; for he told me that he had no hope of seeing me again.' 'You did not go to see him, I hope,' said the colonel anxiously, not knowing to what compromising step the girl might nave been tempted, in her inexperience of life. ' That would have been impossible. I think I might have persuaded that good old Bouge to ask for an evening out, and to go and see him for me. But there was no address to his letter. There never had been any address to his letters.' 'A curious gentleman, to be ashamed to own where he lived,' said the colonel. ' It was only pardonable pride, poor fellow. He knew that my people were rich, and he was ashamed to let me know how shabby a street he lived in. As if that would make any difference to me !' 'You answered the deathbed letter ?' 'Yes, godfather,' Grace answered softly, hanging her pretty head, and contributing a few more tears to the watery meadow. ' And what land of letter did you write, my dear ?' asked the colonel gently. ' I'm afraid it was a very foolish one. I was so sorry for him, poor fellow — so sorry to think of his being alone, dying, in a wretched lodging — and I begged him to get well for my sake, and told him that I would be true to him in his poverty, and that if he would be content to wait for me till I could win my father's consent to our marriage, and be constant to me as I would be to him, perhaps for years, I would give him the promise that he had so often pleaded for in those beautiful letters.' ' I am very glad you made the matter con tingent on your father's consent, my love,' said the colonel cheerily. ' The business is not half so bad as I thought. Was there anything more in your letter V 'Only that if nay father should refuse his consent to our engagement I would never marry anyone else. So far at least I was my own mistress. I might not be allowed to marry him. 1 loved my father too well to be disobedient or rebellious. But I pledged my self to be true to Victor even in life -long severance.' 'Whew,' exclaimed the colonel. ' A pretty kettle of fish ! And is that why you so unmerci fullv snubbed young Colchester, the master of the 'hounds, when we were out cub- hunting the other morning ?' ' I am not aware that I snubbed Mr. Col chester,' said Grace, blushing furiously. ' Oh, but he was aware of it. You treated him shamefully ! Such a nice young fellow too, and so particularly attentive to you — opening- gates and making way for you at fences, and lingering by your side to talk when he ought to have had no eyes except for those young hounds of his, till at iast you drove him away by sheer incivility. When a man is lord of the manor and master of the hounds he hardly expects to be treated like that.' ' I have nothing to do with Mr. Colchester's j expectations,' answered Grace, tossing up her head, but with tears still in the sweet hazel eyes. 'It is cruel of you to talk like that, god father, when I have told you that I am bound i to poor Victor by a most sacred promise. ' i 'Did you see much more of poor Victor ! after the deathbed betrothal ?' ] ' We only met once after that, for my last . term at Madame Sartori's was just coining to ; an end, and father and mother were coming- to : fetch me. Victor came to the Louvre on the very last day I painted there, looking like a , ghost, poor fellow, and with a feverish light in j his eyes. He ought not to have left his bed. ! but he was determined to see me before I went back to England. His poor hand trembled i like a leaf when we shook hands. He thanked ] me with tears in his eyes for my letter? and j implored me to keep my promise. He said he ; was prepared to wait a lifetime for me, but he j hoped to overcome my father's objections to , our marriage lin a year or so, when he should i have sold a few pietures and exhibited in the j Salon. ? Directly I have a little money and a shred of reputation I shall come to Darnel and ask for your hand boldly,' he said. I told him that my lather was the most generous of men, and that I had plenty of money for : both of us.' ' And so you parted. And you have cor responded with him ever since, I conclude ?' 'We have corresponded — at intervals. Victor writes the loveliest letters ; but he is a very irregular correspondent. Sometimes a month goes by without my hearing from him, and I am tortured by the idea that he is ill or dying — dead, perhaps; while I am amusing myself playing tennis, and going to parties, in ignorance of his fate. And then comes a long eloquent letter explaining his silence. He has been ill and out of spirits, too depressed to write, afraid to plague me with hia misery — or he has been working at a picture like a demon, only to have it refused at the Salon.' 'Not a cheerful correspondent,' said the colonel. 'And now, Gracie, my pet, my darling, whom I can remember a chubby baby in a white frock and blue shoulder-knots, and with little blue shoes— how proud you were of those little shoes — now tell me, honestly, frankly, bravely, are you desperately in love with this young French painter, whose face your father has never seen?' ' I was very fond of him, colonel, or I should never have given that promise.' ' Of course not. But you have had a year and a half for sober reflection. A long time in such a young life as yours. And reflection has told you that you were very foolish to give such a promise, and you would be very glad to be released from it.' 'For my father's sake,' faltered Grace. ' Yep, I should be glad to be free from that foolish engagement ; for I am afraid it would grieve my dear father. And he is so good to me — so indulgent ; every new kindness of his seems like a knife plunged into my heart.' ' Well, my dear girl, you have two duties before you, painful perhaps both of them. First, to tell Sir Allan everything just as frankly as you have told me ; secondly, to write to Monsieur Camillac, requesting him to release you from your promise.' ' Oh, no, no, colonel, don't ask me. I could not tell my father, and I could not ask Victor to release me ; not now, while he is poor and ill and unhappy. If he were to become rich, admired, famous, I would not mind asking him to set me free.' ' That is just like my generous, romantic Gracie,' said the colonel, smiling. 'You would be true to a pauper and a failure ; but you would ask for your freedom from a success ful painter. Well, my child, you have trusted me, and I must prove myself worthy of your confidence. Take time to think of what I said just now. I feel sure that you will not be happy till you have made a full confession to your father, who would not scold you a _whit more severely than I have done.' 'But he would be so shocked, so grieved,' exclaimed Grace. ' I could not endure to see the grieved look in his face ; bis surprise in finding that I had kept a secret from him. He always praises me for my candour — and to find out all at once that I am a whited 'sepulchre. No, I could not bear it !' ' Better to pluck up your courage, Grace, and take the bull by the horns. A secret like yours cannot be kept for ever. This Monsieur Camillac is poor, an artist, and a Bohemian ; and he knows that you are rich and will have an independent fortune under your mother's settlement when you come ot age. I suppose you told him that.' 'I told him all about myself and my people.' ' Well, my dear child, can you suppose that a young man in his circumstances will be patient for ever, will hold his peace for ever, when he has a chance of marrying an heiress ? Be sure that however quiet he* may be now he will push his claims vigorously when you come of age. And that will be ? ' 'Next year,' sighed Grace. 'Then, my love, the sooner you face your difficulties boldly the better it will be for your chances of happiness. Tell your father every thing while I am on the premises ; and if my Grace wants any backer with the most indul gent of fathers she knows she has a sturdy champion in her faithful old colonel.' ' Dear godfather, how good you are to me,' murmured Grace, lifting up the soldier's sun burnt hand and kissing it. 'And now I think those ponies of yours must have had their mouths washed out and be ready for action,' said the colonel, who did not wish to press the sinner too bard just at first, trusting to Grade's own reflections to bring about the desired result. They walked back to the carriage in silence, Grace very downcast; but the colonel talked of indifferent matters in his pleasantest manner all the way home, and contrived to put his goddaughter into good spirits again before they reached Darnel Park. (To be continued.) 