A REVIEW OF "THE NATIONAL." Briefly finmawri&fd;, the feature of the V.R.C. Grand National Meeliug of 1S86 was the downfall of the hot favourites, Sheet Anohor and Morven, who bad each been baoked eo heavily to win the Hurdle aud Steeple that £1000 to £60 was, on Saturday morning, the beat price obtainable about the double, and very little money in the market even ai those abort odds. So great waa the rash, at the eleventh hour, to get on to Sheet Anohor that hia price shortened to five to four, taken freely before the flag fell, and the Ballarat diviei ? made no eeoret of the fact that Ihey contidered they had the bf6t thing they ever served up since Sir Peter. Unfortunately the ton of St. AlbanB was placed hopeleBily out of the hunt before a mile and a half had been covered, owing to Omadhaun coming down right in front of him, and, although Corrigan just contrived by un almost super human effort to keep biB horse on Lib legs, Sheet Anchor received such a shaking that the remainder of the field were fully seventy yards ahead before Corrigan disen tangled the bridle which had follen around Sheet Anchor'. f.llook.J got h,m going again, «d, although he made up a good deal of his loat ground, he never afterwards caught his horses, and was badly beaten. Never do I remember such a chapter of accidents in afield of seasoned croie-country performers as occurred in the Grand National Steeplechaie, when, out of fourteen elartere, no fewer than ten came down. Morven, the favourite, who waa very generally admitted to bs a stone better than Wymlet, fell heavily at the stone wall in front of the stand, where Mernder and Moonlight also toppled over; thua, at an early stage of both the Hurdle Baoe and the Sleeplo, bsokere of the favourites were quickly put out of their misery. As a lengthy report of the meetiog will be found in another column, my review will merely comprise a fow of the salient features of each race. Before the flag fell for the Maiden Hurdle, Raven, who had shown Coffey something good during the week, was installed first favourite at four to one, Hippogriff, bestridden by Corrigan, coming next at five to one, while Dona&Bter; end Duration were eaoh backed at eoouple of points longer. Followers of Corrigan' a mount were scarcely in doubt from the word 11 go, as Hippogriff was never extended throughout the two miles, and won wilhbiB moulh open, by a oouple of lengths. The winner, who ia by Aiding®— Hippona, was at one time thought good enough to win the V.R.O. Derby, for whioh he started and finished sixth (dose up with Mozart), and as he after wards at the same meeting ran a great rsoe with Pilot and Coningsby for the Maiden Plata, his hurdle r&oe; career, now that ve know he oan jump, should be aprosperous one. The colt, by-tbe-wav, Is engaged in the Mel- bonznaOup at 7t. alb, and In the Gaulfit-ld Oap'at Gat. I lib. and it is just "on the cards" that be may carry Mr. Talbot's colours in the mile and a half race, and bear the claret and Eton blue sleeves to the front aB oleverly as Blink Bonny did iaet year. I Like the oolt's appearanae immensly, his condition doing Jones (who now has him in hand) great credit. Reticent, whom I look opon as the coming steeplechaser, walked iu as he liked for the Maiden Steeple, indulging Lady Ashton with a long lead to the home turn, and then romping past her «S if she were standing still. Then came the Grand National Hurdle "boil over," brought about, as I explained above, by the fall of Omadbbon. After Sheet Anohor, The Agent was certainly the best favourite, the little oheennt being backed to win some thou sands down to fours to one. Guarcfish oarneu a gooa aeai ui uuveiuc ... eights end tens to one, and there o&nnot; be a shadow of a doubt but that judioiooBly ridden, he must have won. As it woe, ho was taken to the front and ridden hard from the fall of the flag, having at one time a lead of at leaBt seventy yards. How the pooy managed, in spite of this1 handicap, bo struggle after all into second place is u marvel, and there cannot be two opinionB about the little horse's abilities ae a liurdle- racer. Forguaon, on the olbor hand, rode a wailing raoe on The Agent, aud, of course, trader the circumstances, beat Guardflah home for paoe. On the 6trenglh of Read's two aucoesses during the day The Governor left the poat almost as good a favourite for the Grand National SleeplechaBe ai Morrcn, but before two xnileB and a half had been covered thefialdwBE reduced to four — Denmark, Wymlet, Sailor, and Native (the last-named coming dovfa later on). Denmark proved himeeif more than ever the king of the jumpers by making his own running under 12at. 111b., and then finishing a good third. 6ailor, who is scarcely as weUfczHe might be made, also ran a great lxorse j but Wymlet (who is another King Tom) had too much foot for either in the ran home, and won com- fortably,by four or five lengths. As Morven has more than oucs beaten Denmark in Tasmania, and was said to be Wymlet' master at a difference of over a stone in private, tbB positions of the last-named pair would seem to prove the race a certainty for Morven had he stood np. Flamborough, another Ballarat favourite, was unable to get closer than second in the Belling Hurdle, the winner turning up in the grey gelding Student, who left the pad dock at outside oddi. Favour and .Fernlea were each voted "good goods" for tbe Flat Race, but again were the punters out pf it, as Plausible .and Tbe Ghost cingled ihDmselves out from the field and long neck, the uncertain Bohemian finishing third. This wound up a most successful meeting, in which, however, fielders bad all the worst of the wagering operations, the bulk of the winners being connected with the Ballarat, Caulfield, and George Read's stables, the ontside public, strange to say, being big losers. 