CiiAi'TEis VIII.—The Good-lookinc Gntn. J he next morning Hamilton Kedclove was 011 the famous landing-stage at Liverpool, but Sam Challis was'not to be discovered off-hand. They were busy at the Mersey-side that day— ii huge ship from America was landing its passengers when Hamilton arrived, another vessel outward bound was taking in its freight of humanity, and there was a dense mob of emigrants and emigrants' friends—the Irish element once more predominant—exchanging farewells and blessings and tears. The steamers were coming across from Birkenhead and other parts of the Cheshire coast, steamers were putting away from Lancashire to Cheshire iu return, bells were ringing, voices shouting, all the turmoil and life and excitement of this big river were at their highest, and rendered Hamilton's task far from easy or comfortable. He came upon Samuel Challis at last—as the emigrants melted away by degrees, one ragged and forlorn youth remained at the edge of the landing-stage, with his gaze directed to the swirling water, as if in its depth might lie all the peace and rest he had not been able to discover. This was the boy whom Hamilton had seen yesternight at the Harp, l'n the broad daylight, with his rags flapping in the breeze, Sam Challis was less picturesque and more disreputable, and Hamilton felt a certain amount of reluctance in accosting him before the people for ever hustling by them. Sam did not look round; he was not anxious to Hud Hamilton ; he left it to Hamilton to find him ; there might be politeness in his reserve, a pride even in the attitude which this youth had at tained, with his face to the river and his hands thrust to the depths of his empty pockets. He was tall for his age, a lithe and sinewy young fellow, and Hamilton fancied he could perceive even a likeness of the dead father—the man who had been kind to him when he was a youth himself. He shook off his objections to Master Challis and went quickly to his side. The face look ing down at the water did not turn in his direction until he had first spoken. " You have come, then?" said Hamilton. " I should have been here without you," he replied shortly. "Have you been waiting long?" "lam used to waiting." " Do you get work on the landing-stage "Oh, for the matter of that, when I try hard," was the careless reply; "nowand then, that is, when the reg'Iars are not down upon me too much, I find something to do." " Have you found work to-day?" " L haven't looked for it; I am waiting for a friend." " What friend is that?" "A woman." " Indeed !" said Hamilton. "She will come from over the river to me," lie said thoughtfully; "she will be sorry to see such a scarecrow waiting for her, but she would be more sorry, I fancy, if I wasn't here." "A sweetheart, Sam?" enquired Hamilton lightly. " Ay—no—my sweethearts are at The Harp, and come out when the factories are shut, and the gas is lighted—rare girls they are, some of them—but this is " "A sister?"said Hamilton quickly. "What is that to do with you';" was the sharp rejoinder ; "Your business is with me, I was given to understand." " With your sister, too—if she wants help." "Not your help," said Sam, shaking his head; " not anybody's, I hope. She'll get 011 in the world—she's clever—she's A 1, is Aggie Challis." Hamilton had. heard from his uncle that the sister was in prison; she was in a country prison then—Chester Gaol, perhaps—and this was her liberty day on which he had chanced. Here was an opportunity to be of service to both brother and sister—to give them an opportunity of bettering themselves in life—to be free with uncle Redclove's money if there were the ghost of a probability that the moaey would be of benefit to either of tliein, " Well—about yourself. Shall we get out of this fresh crowd asked Hamilton. "I can't leave till she comes. You can say here as well as anywhere else what the devil you want with me," Sam spoke peevishly. Hamilton's interest in him had aroused him, at last—of course there was a dee]) motive for all the trouble which tins swell had taken to discover him and offer him assistance, and lie would be as glad to know the reason now as to be assisted. "I knew your father," said Hamilton ; " he was a great friend of mine when I was a boy." "My father was." "Yes, and now it's niv turn to be your friend." " I have only one friend, and she's coining yonder from the other side of the Mersey to ine," he replied. Then he added slowly, " Ho you knew my father then ?" "Yes." "That's more than I did," he said, with his old unpleasant laugh ; " I was [Kicked off early to school, and he never came near any of us. When I was tired of school I van away from it and home and them." "Tlieni?" repeated Hamilton interroga ^"auither and Aggie. As for my fath-r— well, I don't want to know anything about him now. What's the good ! "We will proceed to business, then. "Yes, and he quick about it," lie added. "If you'hnve money to give away, give it, and <>ood-iuuniing. You can see, sir, 1 am not in first-rate circumstances. You don't want any proof of that?" " I see it," answered Hamilton. " Your coinlpitched away last night, too, sol am as poor as ever—money doesn't stick to my fingers long, worse luck. Cuppleditch hooked it before morning." "Cuppleditch? Oh, the fiddler, for whom you were deputy at the Harp. " " Yes—lie s dead. Can't say,;' he added, 111 a thicker voice, "that I in quite myself this nimning, for he fought hard to live, and croak ing fiddlers are out of my line. I told him I wouldn't have funked about it like him, but have been glad to get out of it all." . . "That's a hard thought for one beginning life, Sam ?" „, " It's a d d bad beginning, you see," he replied, with an ugly frown that changed the whole character of his face, and rendered it sullen and forbidding. " Then - is more than one beginning—at your a^e," said Hamilton sententiously. r" Look here, that's old Overdown s talk the man you pretend not to know anything about. Cut it." " I have done." " That's a good job." " I promised you I wouldn't preach," said Hamilton; "now to perform. If, for your father's sake, I buy you a passage to America, and give you a good outfit, and a few pounds to start with in the new country, will you go?" " Say that all again." Hamilton repeated the enquiry. " Is it worth your while—or worth somebody else's while—to send me out of the country?" was the slow and cunning answer, " No, it is not." " What would it be dime for, then ?'' "Charity." "All this out of charity !" cried Sam, ironi cally. '"The likes of that now,'as the old women say down our court." " There is no design in offering you a chance in life," Hamilton continued ; " but there is a wish to do it, simply for your own sake. Think that." "Very well—I'll think what yeu like to oblige you, though to think of America all of a sudden is sharpish work. l)o you want me to make any promise to stay there?" he asked, "Not any," said Hamilton; "come back when you please—and if you come back an honest man I shall be glad." "Sam Challis's first appearance in a new and original character!" he said sarcastically. " What a lark " Why do you hesitate ?" "Oh, why ?" he echoed ; " there's a little bit of a reason for it. I can't say ' yes' till Aggie conies, at all events." "She may not come, and I am anxious to get hack to town." "She is coming," said Sam, with a curious quaver in his voice; "coming—now—at once —bang off the reel—after being so long away twin me ! Here she is—close—on board the steamer coming in from Birkenhead — see there !" "Idon't see " began Hamilton,'looking towards the steamer approaching that portion of the landing-stage on which they were stand ing. " Do you mean that short young woman in the torn blue shawl, with a basket?" " Get out," said Sam, still more excited and more uncomplimentary — "what, that fat Cheshire chops ! No, the lady in black silk— don't you see a tall, good-looking girl on the upper deck there ? That's Aggie." (To be continued.) 