**I hop I don't intrude" Torms of Subscription ,—£1 per annum, paid in ad vance ; single copies 6d. each. Forwarded, post free, to any part ot the ColonieS. * , Once—but no matter when— There lived—no matter where— 1 A man, whose name—but then, . I need not that declare. ■ He—well, he had been born, . . And eo he was alive; His age—I details scorn— Was somethingly and five. He lived—how many years, I truly can't decide; But this one fatjt appears. He lived—until-he died. j A man named Strover was standing, during-the recent storm, near a large tree on Inglewood Hill (near Gympie). The fcree was struck by lightning, and Strover was strufck by the idea that one side of his body was paralysed. He wasn't; though, it was only a sort of numbness, as if one side had gone to sleep, as one's foot sometimes does, and it soon woke up again. ,: William Cox went to the race-course on Thurs day, (Separation Day) with a mate and looked, about for prey. They found it, a man who had gone to see the races.. The mate watched his opportunity (a bobby, meantime, doing the sslme for him) and cut the man's pocket open with a pair of sceisprs. It was now Cox's opportunity {the double watchihg still going on), and he stole gently up, and also the purse. Bobby gave chase and captured Cpx. Cox threw the purse away; It Was picked npi and found * to be well-filled with tobacco, cut stuff, of/ the best. Cox will have none in gaol. On Sunday, November 26th, an old resident of Bovvren, having finished his lease of life, three score years and ten, peacefully gave it up. It was old George' Martin, who thus departed, and left many friends behind. They had anticipated the approach ing parting for some months, as George had been getting visibly very feeble. Dr. Black, Hospital Surgeon at Gympie, tendered his resignation in consequence of, ill-health. The committee at the next meeting didn't approve of it, and resolved to hold the resignation over, in the meantime granting him a month's leave of absence, and requesting Dr. Maxton to act in his place. Alexander Livingstone has been committed for trial at«Charters Towers; for embezzlement, from the Bonnie Dundee Tribute Company. Other cases are pending against him, in connection with the General Wyndham Tribute, and other mines. Donald MuBray, employed by the Pacific Oyster Company, at a place six miles from Dun wicb, called Willan Willan Camp, has been missing from the spot since the first'of the month. Murray was in the habit of crossing to Cleveland alone in a small punt, so that it is feared he may have been drowned. He is described as fifty years of age. Billy Durham, a very old resident and explorer in the Palmer, has taken it into his head that he wants a few months' rest in the Southern Colonies. So you do, Billy, good luck, and bon voyage both ways, is the #ish of those who will be glad to see you back in the old diggings; and of myself. Mabt Elizabeth Russell's lot, and that of her husband James, is not a happy one. They live at Warwick, and recently appeared in the Police Court, there; Mary Elizabeth sued James for assault, and he was fined five shillings, or eight hoursV imprison ment. Mary then brought another action against her ..loving spouse for failing to contribute to her maintenance,' and asked for the protection of the court, as she had been in dreai of him for jBeven weeks. In view, pf the circumstances and res^pjb of the former case, it seems somewhat strange to say that the latter was disiiissed. Mbs. Elizabeth Kisg is the wife of Alfred King, and daughter of , James and Elizabeth Bouman, and both parties live at Laidley. At the residence of the Kings one day, a neighbour of them being pre sent, Mrs. King is alleged to have said, with refer ence to a bullock of her fathers, mysteriously killed, " I know who killed my father's bullock; it was John Bouman, and I know where the skin was burnt/' King is said to have remarked, that he knew that long ago. This brought about an action for slander, Bouman's v. King, at Ipswich. Power, for the defendants applied for the nonsuit, on the ground that King had not made use of the slanderous words. Lilley, for the opposition, applied for an amendment of the plaint. Power opposed, remarking that Mrs. King was complainant's daughter. The circum stance of parents suing daughters was unprece dented. King afterwards expressed sorrow, and Bouman withdrew the action.; Elizabeth Graham has been drowned off Middle Head, by the capsizing of a boat in which she, her husband, and another man, were sailing. The two men were saved, and Mrs. Graham's body was re covered. P. Pound, of Rockhamptoin, had a savage dog, which attacked Mrs. Barry's child and tore her dress. P. Pound had to pay a pound, and 4s. 6a. costs, and the mastiff was shot. P. O'Brien^ of Bundaberg, says whoever stole the plants from his residence in: Quay-street, ought to call again for the pots. They won't, though, if they hadn't had use for plaints without pots they wouldn't have taken themt Besides it wouldn't be safe; P. might be on the Quay-vive, and a visit to Quay-street mightr involye a;question of locks and bars. P., go to pot, let the thieves spring-their plants, in peace. i ' Dr. Brown, of Bowen, is about to - visit the1- old country. The cold country he will find it, when he ai rives there in January. He will travel by the Quetta. Charley Booth, of the Townsville Branch of the A.M.P. Society, has been transferred^to the head office for Queensland, in BrisbaheV A number of his" cricketing 'friends met at the Excelsior Hotel, on November 30th, to drink his health, present him with a gold chain and lodketV and wish him God-speed. Charley was secretary, and a Very active one, of the Townsville C C., and it is mainly through his exer tions that the club how holds such a prominent, position. Stuart • Craies occupied the chair, and made the presentation. Johnny Parkes proposed Charley's health, which was drunk, enthusiastically, and Charley proposed that of Craies. Various other toasts followed, and the jolly good fellows, of whom Charley was the jolly best, parted. The election of A. J. Haylock, Storekeeper^ of Blackall, to the Divisional Board of Kargoolnafa. has taken place, but the new members' seat is vacant at' the end of the year by effluxion oftime; and as, whether,intentional or not, the Board meeting for December lapsed for want of ajquorum, Mr. Haylock's aspiration of sitting amongst, the Barcoo squatters, who, at present occupy seats at the Board, is not likely to eventuate. Daniel Budge, a former part owner of Delta station, and William Ford, overseer of Northampton Run, are candidates for the seat. W. 0. BarniEE, manager of the Bank of New South Wales at Blackall, was lately elected to the position of auditor of Muni cipal accounts, defeating in a walk one Fred Ord. Since then, the affable manager has been chosen one of the auditors of the local Hospital accounts; and as Fred Ord is the other, when the opponents meet, the Hospital Secretary, (by whom the accounts are kept), will have to be on his guard; for naturally each of the auditors will endeavor to eclipse his opponent by discovering — well, say a " MareVnest," and thus earn a long-lived reputa tion as being the auditor par excellence of Blackall. Johnstone River planter conversing with a friend in Kent-street, Maryborough. friend: "I'm very eorry to hear things have gone so badly with you, Mac. Is there no remedy at all?" Mac.: " Not the ghost of a remedy, man. The wild blacks are, if anything, more merciful than Griffith. They kill us straight away, but he does it by inches." : . • Friend: " Will he do nothing at all for you in re spect of the blacks'depredations ?" Mac.: " .Ah! that's a horse of another color; of course he will. He has intimated his willingness to despatch a trooper or two after the murderersiae. soon as we are speared or tomahawked." ' Friend: " Humph." , i ^ 