SPOUTING NQTES. We have received from -5oodfellow Bros, a -copy of J. Ji Milter's 'rery useful ** Sporting Pamphlet and Trotting Record' for the present year. Pains have been taken to -make the pamphlet very, complete with the fcest times and records tip to June last. - We are in a position to state that oh Wed -nesday afternoon 'Messrs. Bladder and Perry -submitted a formal offer of the Old Course and the balance at their lease to the newracing company on terms that are likely to meet with the approval «f the 'promoters of the latter. A -uay orirwo muszjeispse eKioei^gai xormaiisies are «oncladed, but it is nattily, likely that -either party will assume a change of front that would only be injurious to their mutual inte tests as well as to the welfare of the turf in ibis colony. Mr. Hy. Hughes has allotted the handicaps -for the S. A. Trotting Club meeting. In the Hurdles Lady Carrington heads the list with ' -the steadier of 12 St., 'which she will have some . difficulty in carrying to the end of her deslina- - tion against those below her. Brigand -(10 st. 9 lbs.), Wild Bog (10 st), and Banker (9 st. 10- lbs.*) look like .the trio ?who- should have lEost to say in this event. - In -the August Handicap iibe pride of place has been allotted to The Israelite with 8 st 12 lbs., Sandal being next with Set. S lbs., then Isonomy 8 st. 7 lbs., . and others down to 6 st. 7 lbs. It doesn't Bay much for the prowess of The Baron to receive .a year and a pound from a youngster like Isonomy. At 7st. 6 lbs. The. Baron ought to win, but as there is suspicion of his being a cocktail the issue will probably :be between Sandal, Vivacity,- and The I»aSvn. In the Steeplechase Swordfish is fop weight -with 31 st. lOlbs., but Chrysalis (U st. 2 lbs.) and Demon (10 st. 2 lbs.) look good enough to fight it out for positions at the finish. The settling over the Jamestown -races took place on Friday-evening last at Deeney's Globe IJotel, when congratulatory speeches were made, the secretary and me-nbers of committee being complimented on tiie manner in which their duties were performed and the successful character of .the meeting. The officers nf the club were— President, Mr. Fielder King; vice-president, Mr. R. C. Sand land; committee, Messrs. Macgeorge, S. W. Bowling, M.P. Dowdy, Jphn Deeny, B. Vohr, and H. Hugo; judge, Mr. Geo. Burton ; stewards, Messrs. Jas. Neale, G. Burton, Jno. Moore, G. Iiloyd, M. McLeod, W. Broadbear, E. Siekmann and E. Bailey ; starter, Mr. ML P. Dowdy; clerk of the scales, Mr. Eobert Fife ; clerk Of the course, Mr. P. McNeil! ; time keeper, Mr. A. Macdonald; and Mr. Richard CorreU, hon. secretary. The meeting was the first held at Jamestown since 1878, and as the blub have a balance of about £80 in hand they have a good prospect for next season. Some of the Adelaide owners complain of the starting, the \- ieene of at least two of the races being in their opinion materially altered by the nag being ? lowered when the horses were not together anil when the jockeys were unable to see it. ' We understand that Commotion is now first favorite for the Melbourne Cup, having been 'backed for a large amount at thousands to fifty. ' -Coronet is quoted at hundreds to four. St. Xaorence holds the pride of place for toe Caul iield Cup at thousands to fifty. Mr. A. E.. TnglifL the owner of Wtalna., has -iroa the chjanpionahip of the Melbourne Gun Club, with £100 and a gold medal, by shooting his eleven birds without a miss in the recent contest at Ekternwick Park. Nine others shot ten birds each, and there were thirty com petitors. ' A Melbourne contemporary says : — It was an unfortunate circumstance that a third dog joined in iSie last course for the Waterloo Cup, but the stray dog never used the hare, and he ?was two lengths behind Rhodanthe when she killed with four or five points to the good. The uninitiated have little or no idea of the money that is expended or the pains that are taken to secure a good training track for the Accommodation of horses in all sorts of weather. Even .Flemington with its cinder, and tan, and ordinary track has fanedtosatisrythe Byron Moore is getting a new gallop made, Just a mile -round, inside the course proper. ; The foundation is formed of nine inches of stoiiefrom the club'e quarries, then on top «omeB three inches of soil, then a coup'.e of . icches of- tan, then four inches of sand, an ion top of all another four inches of tan. As the track - is thoroughly, drained by underground . pipes, it would be available even if the sur rounding: country trere partially hooded. Amongst other impiwemeats that are being ? made at Flemington tu» the increased railway facilities, i-y means of which tiie club will, on the conclnsion of each day's races, be able to dispatch a thousand of its visitors to Mel bourne every two minutes. £4,009 10s. was the handsome sum received by the V.K.C. during the past twelve months in payment of bookmakers' registration fees, .123 metallicians being licensed to bet in the paddock and on the hilL The V.R.C. made a profit of £12,G22over their last Melbourne Cup meeting. Referring to the Melbourne betting market the Sportsman of July 22 says : — Perhaps the most important feature of the week's transac tions is the consistent support accorded the Derby favorite, Kewsteid, who has been backed by a leading Sydney metallioian to win some thousands down to hundreds to fifteen, at which odds the colt is very firm. It has not transpired for whom the wagers were taken. Dunlop is enquired for re«rulai'ly, a thousand to eighty being wanted, the best response being ten to oae, wliich odds have been booked to a small amount about Monte Christo. Of the Caul field Cup candidates, Grace Darling, Lucky Hit, Vision, Velocipede, St. Lawrence, Blink Bonny, Claptrap, JSt. John, Anchorite, and Plausible have each been backed to win fair stakes, Velocipede, Lucky Hit, and the Tas Tnntiin-ii representative, Vision, being in most re quest. For the Melbourne Cap a comrmssion was thrown on the market on Saturday night to back July, the conimissicner accepting all the thousands to . thirty offered until he had backed the New Zealander to win -about £20,000. Ccronet has also been consistently backed, thousands to forty being wanted. Commotion's best price is now hundreds to four, the old horse having been heavily backed by the public, though not by the stable. As tuere are three or four clinking representatives of the magpie colors in the same stable backers may possibly suffer for their intrepidity. Pro metheus carries a good deal cf stable money at thousands to twenty, at which odds Plausible and Impulse (Haim's) have also been nibbled at, while Stornaway, Mozart, and Kordenfeldfc have been backed quietly for a heap of money. The following ate a few of the biggest bets laid during last week : — T.R.C. Derby.— 1000 to 140 Newstead, 1000 to GO Duiilop. Ca\i3F-eld Cup.— 5000 to 150 Velocipede, 5300 to 125 Piausiiile, 5000 to 100 Grace Darling-, 5000 to 150 Luc-kv Kit, 6000 to 125 St, John, 5000 to 100 Vision. Melbourne Cup.— 5000 to 200 Coronet, 5000 to 150 Commotion, 1000 to 2'J Espiegle, 1000 to 20 Mozart, 1000 to 20 Stornaway, 5000 to 150 July, 5000 to 100 Promethecs. ? The following are the latest quotations : — Caulfield Cup.— 1000 to 40 Velocipede (off), 1000 to 30 Claptrap (off),10G0 to 30 Welcome Jack (off), 1090 to 30 Grace Darling (off), 1000 to 30 Lucky Hit (off), 1000 to 30 Blink Bonny (off), 1000 to 30 Plausible (off), 1000 to 30 Lord WUtou (off), HOO to 20 Vision (off), 1000 to 30 St. John (off). V.E.C. Uerby.— 1000 to 150 Kewstead (off), 1000 to 1C0 Monte Christo (off), 1030 to 100 Uralla (off), 1000 to 100 Dunlop (off), 1000 to 80 16onomy (off). Melbourne Cup.— 1000 to 50 Coronet (off), 1000 to 40 Commotion (off), 1000 to 30 July (tk aud off), 1000 to 30 St. John (tk and off), 1000 to 30 first Demon (tk and oS), 1000 to 25 others. It is feared that the injuries sustained by Clifford, the oareman, when he fell downstairs at the Gladesville Hotel, are so serious as to prevent him ever rowing again. Neil Matter son sprained his wrist, and had to forfeit to Peter Kemp. Eeferring to a visit to Cripps Brothers' training establishment, ' Auguf,' in the Aus tralasian, says: — i\ir action and appearance nothing pleased me more than the filly by Countryman or' Richmond from Miss Heslop. She was foaled to the latter's time, and her wonderful girth is so similar to that of the Victorian ex-champion that I don't think there can be any doubt respecting her paternity. She inherits his power, and if ever I saw a filly capable of carrying heavy weights and going fast this is the one. Her breeding is first class, for her dam. Miss Heslop is by Costa from Serenity, by Saunterer from Gratitude, by Newniinster; and the Hon. W. Robinson, of Ivew Zealand, has good cause to remember Gratitude, for slip was his mare when he was on the English turf, and by a short head only he was deprived of the pleasure of effecting a great coup in one of the principal autumn handicaps of the old country. Miss Heslop is also the dam of Bis Bis, who was possessed of a most brilliant turn of speed, but she lacked the strength of this daughter of Eich moEd, for whom I prophesy a successful career on the turf, provided that she goes through her training without accident. Cantering at her side as she trotted in beautiful style round the circle was « full brother to Santa Claus, a well grown colt, whose bay coat shone like satin in Hie sun. He, too, is_ a nice mover in his slow paces ; and a neat little, -filly by Countryman or Richmond from Annif* Finnin is almost sure to go fast, for her dam is half sister to Footstep and Lord Wilton,' and full sister to SandaL . Royal Cpnsortwasalsolooking well and hearty.and Derision. Motea, Lothair, and others. Alluding to the operations of last week the Melbourne Leader of July 25 says ;— -Monday last was a big day in the betting ring, settling over the late Urand National and Waterloo Cup meetings occupying the whole of the day. Many of the bookmakers, anxious to ihie away to tteniliquin, 'got through their settling during the day, and the occasion of. the general rendezvous was utilised to execute one or two important commissions on future events. ITor the. Melbourne Cup the owner of Coronet supported his horse sd .firmly as to place the Newmarket Handicap winner at the head of the quotations, side by side with Commotion, whose popularity with the general public will cause the Veteran to -carry a ton of money should he see the post. - - The New Zealand repre sentative, July, has also been heavily backed for tl»e Cup, but straight out betting on the Derby has only been conducted in fits aud starts. The confidence expressed openlv by Dunlop's owner in his colt's fitness aud ability has dispelled the shadow that recently en veloped the son of Neckersgat and Etta, who is as good a- favorite as ' anything, bar the Maribyrnong- Plate winner, Newstead. A number of wagers have been laid on. the Gaul field Cup, for which event the price may be quoted as 1000 to SO on the field, a dozen different horses bavins: been basked at this figure, including last year's winner, Blink Bonny, Velocipede,. Grace Darling (on the strength of the . Ghosts running at Flemington), St. Lawrence, Plausible, and St. John. The Maribyrnong Plate is at present quite a dead letter, and the generally popular double, Hawkesbory Handicap and Metropolitan, has not yet been operated upon. During the. week a lot of steady preparatory work has been done on the training ground, notwithstanding the still heavy state of the going. The people's idol, old Commotion, looks as gay and blooming as his most ardent admirer could wish; and as the champion is in robust health, and .is still the possessor of a set of unblemished understandings, there is every probability of Mr, Daldn being able to strip him on the 3rd of November as fi and well as last year, when 'lie ought to have won.' His stable companion, the flying Fry ingpan, also looks hearty, but, unlike the veteran, the little horse is ' queer below,' and may cause his trainer many an anxious hour. No horses at Flemington look better than Coronet and Mon&hee;, who daily attract the favorable notice o? the early risers ; the former is a very glutton for work, evidently ready for the extra steam to be put on. Coffey has both the Broker and St. Lawrance looking well, theS.A.J.C. Leger winner especially hay ing wonderfully improved since his last public appearance. Two young ones, whose ap proaching three-year-old career will probably be marked by success, are Aieenal and Remus, both colts looking very well, and the former U developing into a powerful horse. Off Color never looked better than at the present time : and amongst the other regular attendants on the track may be mentioned Stornaway, Vergy, Lord Wilton, Country Boy, LO.TJ., The Pencil (a beautiful mover), and S. Mahon's Paarl eye. 