I CnAFTEB ll. Mr. Gideon Maggleby had been married rather leas than ttro-and-twenty boure, « hen at about 9 o'clock on the morning of March 23, 1868, he walked into the room in which he bad so often break-fasted and dined with his late friend and partner, Solomon Pudster. Air. Maggleby, who was preeminently a man of business, bad not seen fit to go to the Isle of Wight or to Paris to spend bis honey- moon ; and Mrs. Maggleby, who was nothing if not a woman of sound sense, had loyally accepted the decision of her third lord aud master. They had agreed to stay in town, and not allowd their new happiness to inter fear with their material interests in Mincing Lone, Mr. Maggleby had determined, how- ever, to make a holiday of thc day after his wedding ; to stay at home in the morning with his wife, t» escort her to Madam Tus saud'sin thc afternoon, and to take her to play in the evening. With the comfortable programme in his mind's eye. Mr. Maggleby came down to breakfast in his dowered dressing gown. Mrs. Maggleby, lie knew, would not lie many minutes behind him, and he therefore rang thc bell for'-the coffee, aud turned lazily ' towards the table, upon which lay two piles of letters. Thc smaller heap chiefly consisted of missives addressed to Mrs. Pudster, for the marriage of the previous day had not os yet been noised abroad in the country, and Mrs. Mag- gleby had several females c ^respondents who communicated with .k^-Aiiui'li mnrp^.oHí-ll than she cooununicated with them. Thc" larger bundle was made up of letters adreBsed either to Mr. Maggleby or to Messrs. Pudster aud Maggleby, the letters to thc firm having been already brought dowu from Mincing Lane by a confidential clerk, lt was a chilly morning ; and Mr. Mag- gleby, with the letters in Ins baud, sank into an easy-chair hy the fireside, and tbeu began to polish his spectacles. But ere he had time to complete that operation, one envelope attracted the attention ot his not very dim lighted eyes. It bore the pos- tmark " Ply nouth," and was addaessed in a familiar sand writing. Without waiting to put on his spectacles, Mr. Maggleby seized this envelope sndtoreitopen. Foraninstant bo stared at tuc «hielt it contained ; then be turned white letter fell hack with a çroan. But Mr. Maggleby was a man of considerable self-command1, and he seor partly recovered himself. "Maria must not see me in this agitated state," he murmured, as he rose. "I shall go back to my dressing-room, and decide lipon some plan of action before I face her." And with unsteady - steps, he quitted the dining- room,takingwithhiintheletterthatwas the cause of his emotion. Almost immediately afterwards, a Ben-ant entered with thc coffee and some covered dishes, which she set upon the table ; and no sooner had she withdrawn than Mrs. Mag eappeared. Mrs. Maggleby looked ling, and evidently in capital spirits, She caught up her letters, sat down smiling in the very easy chair from which her husband had risen a few minutes earlier, and begau to read. Thc first letter to bc opened were of course, those which were addressed to her in her new name. They contained congratulations upon her marriage. Tbeu she attacked the enviones that were addressed to Mrs. Pudster. One contained a bill ; another contained a request for Mrs. Pud ster's vote and interest on behalf of Miss Tabitha Gabbles, a maiden lady who was seeking admission into the homo for the daughters of decay Trinity pilots; and a third brought a lithographed letter from the Marquis of Palmyra imploring the recipient to make some small subscription to the funds to the association for the encouargement of a sparagus culture in the Scilly islands. There ' were also letters from Miss Martha Tigstake »nd Mrs. Benjamin Bowery, dealing with nothing in particular and with every- thing in aenerai; and finally there was a letter bearing the postmark "Plymovth." Mrs. Maggleby opened it carclesly ; but a Bingle glance at its contents caused her to start up grasp convalsiuely at the mantlepiece, utter an exclamation and tremble like a leaf. " Poor Gideon 1" she said. What a fear- ful blow I Re musn't see me in this agi- tated state. I shall go up stairs again and decide upon some plan of action before I face him. Aud Mrs. Maggleby, letter in hand and pale as death, quitted the room, leaving the coffee and the eggs and bacon and the crumpets to get cold. Three-quarters of an hour later Mr. Mag- gleby ventured down stairs again. He was dressed as if to go to the city, and in his hand he held a letter which bore the simple address, " Maria." This letter he laid upon his wife's plate. It was worded as follows : My Dearest Wife.-I am suddenly and un- expectedly summoned to Mincing Lane on business of the greatest importance. I do not know exactly when I shall return. Yours devotedly, GIDEON. Mr. Maggleby hastily seized a tepid crum- pet, and without the formality of seating himself at the table devoured the clammy dainty. Then hearing his wife upon the stairs, he rushed like a madman from the room, and an instant afterwards, left the house and -quietly closed the front door behind him. Mrs. Maggleby, whose face bore traces of recent weeping, entered the dining room as if she expected to find the place tenanted with a ghost. Discovering, however, that it was empty, she resumed her seat by the fire, and with an hysterical outburst buried her head; in her hands.' ?< '..Poor,dear Gideon 1" «hesobbed. "What' will become of him and me ? We shall be imprisoned for life ; I know. we shall. The house will-have to be shut up ; the business will go to min ; and the servants will have to Jeno* all ' Oh,' it is too terrible !.. But 1 must compose myself, Gideon will be coming down, and'I roost be "prepared to breaV the news to him ;" and with great self- comrnrrnd, Mrs. Maggleby wiped her eyes and seated herself at the table. As she did so she caught sight of her husband's note, which she eagerly opened. " He 'has gone 1" she exclaimed despair- ingly, when she had read it. "I am left alone to bear the trial I Ah, Gideon, you little know how cruel you are I But I must ; I must follow you ! We must concert measures at once.'' Once more she went upstairs. She put on her bonnet and cloak ; she covered her flushed face with a thick veil ; and without saying a word to any of her servants, she left the house and made the best of her way to the nearest cab- stand. Meantime, Mr. Maggleby had been driven to his place of business in Mincing Lane. He entered his office, and sat down as if dazed, in his private room. Hearing of'his prin- cipare unexpected arrival, the bead clerk, Mr John Voddard, almost immediately appeared. He too waa scared and breathless. " Bead, sir, read 1" he gasped, as he thrust an open letter into Mr. Maggleby's hand. Mr Maggleby mechanically took the letter, and read ¿loud as follows : On Board S. 8. Camel, off Plymouth, Tuesday. DEAS MK. DODDABD-As you are prob- ably not expecting me, I send a line ashore to let you know that I hope to return in time to be at business at the usual hour on Thursday. Please take care that there is a. good fire in my private room, as a visit to Demerara, as you know, renders me particu ' larly sensitive to cold and damp. I nm writing In Mr. Maggleby. We have had a capital voyage so far, bat the weather in the channel threatens to be rather dirty. I shall land at Gravesend ; and if you can 'find out when the "Camel" is likely to be there, you may send down some one to meet me. . Yours faithfully, SOLOMON PODSTKB. "I knew it I" ejaculated Mr. Maggleby. ** I have Just received the letter that he speaks ot .," ' "What,does it meant;' asked Mr. Dod-. dard, "I seem to be dreaming, air. We buried pow Mr. Pndster eight1 montos ago,1 didn't we;", , , "So I thought,*' murmured Mr. Maggleby, vaguely. " But this letter is certainly in hui handwriting. And look at the post-mark. There it ia, as plain as possible : " Ply- mouth, Mar. 22,1868. " That was yesterday : and to day is Wednesday, March 23d. JuBt read my letter, Mr. Doddard f and he pulled from his pocket a missive which he handed to his clerk. Mr. Doddard read as follows : On board S. S. Camel, off Plymouth, Tuesday. My Dear Gideon-Here I am almost at home again. I faucy you did not expect to see mc just at present ; for I wasn't able to write to you before wc left Dcmerara ; BO, as wo are now sending ashore herc, I post you a few lines to prepare for the surprise. It ¡B, as you know, quite unusual for vessels of this line to call at Plymouth, and, therefore, I haven't time to send you a long letter; though, if we also call at Southampton, I will write again from there. I have told Doddard to send Borne one to meet me at Gravesend ; let him take down any letters that you may want mc to see at once. Yours affectionately, SOLOMON. " Well, I never did !" cried Mr Doddard. " Yet I could swear to Mr. Pudster's hand- writing anywhere. It is a terrible thing for a mau who ought to be lying quietly in his coffin to come back like this, aua upset every- one's calculations." " You are certain about thc handwriting ?" asked Mr. Maggleby anxiously. " Quito certain ! replied Mr. Doddard. "What a frightful thing for poor Mrs. Pudster?" -^T-jMjjiftyMageleby, 1vffi1_,nelj°1-<"ii8aia Mr break it to her. It's a case of bigamy, isn't it!" ', Let us hope for the best. Bir. Mr. Pudster won't prosecute. I fancy, considering the peculiar character of the circumstances. It's his fault. That is my opinion. I could swear, even now, that we buried him. He must have revived in his coffin, and been dug up again by the grave.diggcrs ; and must then have gone over to Demorara in order to avoid shocking his poor wife." " I wonder our Demorara agents didn't say something about it when they wrote by the lost mail, Baid Mr. Maggleby. " Oh, of course he kept them quiet, sir. But it's a cruel case-that's all I have to say. And though I have known Mr. Pudster these 30 years, and liked him too, I don't hesitate to say that he's not behaving straightforwardly in this piece of business." " Hush ! Wait until you know of his motives," said Mr. Maggleby. " He can't excuse himself, Bir, I tell you," rejoined Mr. Doddard warmly. "If he comes back, I go. So there ! And I say with all respect to you, sir.' When a man s once dead, he's got no right to come bock again. It isn't natural ; and what's more, it isn't business-like." The bitterness of Mr. Doddard's remarks in this connection may be partly accounted for by consideration of the fact that Mr. Maggleby had a few days* previously an- nounced his intention of taking the head clerk into partnership at an early date. Mr. Pudster's return would of course knock this project on the head. " Well, Doddard," said Mr. Maggleby, "we can't mend matters by talking. We can only wait ; and perhaps, when we Bee Mr Pudster, we shall find that--" But Mr. Maggloby's philosophical remarks were suddenly cut short by tue unexpected arrival of Mrs. Maggleby upon the scene. She rushed into the private room, stretched forth a letter and fell sobbing upon her husband's neck, Mr. Maggleby placed his wife in a chair, opened a cupboard, gave her a gloss of wine, took the letter and read it. Like the others, it was dated from on board the " Camel," off Plymouth. " Mv OWN DEAREST WIPE," it ran, "In a few hours from this I shall, I hope, be with you once more, never again to eave you. I ought to have apprised you of the probable date of my return ; but at the last moment before starting I had no oppor- tunity of writing. How glad I shall be to see you 1 My long absence has been a great trial to me, and I feel sure that it has also tried you ; but it is now almost at an end. I will, if possible, write again from South- ampton, and tell you exactly when to expect mo. Tho sea in the channel is so rough that at present it is difficult to say when we shall get into the river. Your ever loving huslnnd. " SOLOMON." " Jt is most poinfull I" grasped Mrs. Mag- gleby. "What can we do, GideonT You must manage to meet Solomon at Gravesend. Look in the newspaper, and Bec weather the 'Camel' has been signaled yet. He must hear first of what has happned, either from my lips or from yours ; and I am really not well enough to go myself. I thought be was lying cold in his coffin. Oh, that I should have commited bigamy I I ought to have re- minded faithful to his memory. This is my punishment. But he must-shall forgive me." Mr. Doddard had gone into the outer office, and had sent a clerk for a copy of the Times. With this he now returned aud the paper was opned on Mr. Maggleby's table, and eagerly scanned for news of the Camel. " Here we have it I" said Mr. Doddard, at last. " ' Steamship Camel from Demerara to London, which carga and passengers, was signaled off Dover at 1 o'clock this morning.' Then Mr. Pudster will be at Gravesend in on hour or two, sir." " Go, Giden, go !" s exclaimed Mrs. Mag- gleby. "Lose no time. Take a special train, if necessary. Tell him all and implore his forgiveness." " Yes, I think I had better go, Maria" said Mr. Maggleby. " I will send s clerk home with you, and will telegraph you as soon as I see your-your late husband. In the mean- time, try to be calm.* Please tell them to call a cab, Doddard." Mr. Doddard returned to the outer office, and dispatched a messenger for twp cabs. Mr. Maggleby handed Mrs. Maggleby into one of them, and a clerk followed her. Then the «afortúnate man went back for a moment, to his private room to study Bradshaw on the', best and speediest route from London to Gravesend. There was a train at a quarter past ll. It was then a quarter to ll. " And when will he be at Gravesend !" asked Mr. Maggleby. Mr. Doddard turned again to the Times. But instead of at once lighting upon thc shipping news, his eye fell upon a paragraph that occupied a not very conspicuous posi- tion at the foot of the page. Suddenly he uttered a cry. " What's the matter, Doddard ?" demanded Mr. Maggleby, who was rapidly growing im- patient. Mr. Doddard replied by bursting into a paroxysm of laughter. "By jove ! he ex- claimed, " This is too rid iculous ! I never heard of such a thing in my life ! It is like a play ! Ha, ha, ha !" " Your merriment is rather ill-timed," cried Mr. Maggleby reproachfully. "Tell me when MrTPudster will arrive at Gravesend ; and be quick, or I shall lose that train." " h pump, too!" continued the head clerk hilariously. "You're mad, I think," said Mr. Maggleby. "What do you meant" " Well, read this, sir," answered Mr. Dod- dard, and he handed the Times to his prin- cipal and pointed to the paragraph. Mr. Maggleby testily took the paper, ad- justed his spectacles and read : " EXTRAORDINARY DISCOVERY AT PLY- MOUTH.-The corporation of Plymouth re- cently decided to remove an old and disused pump which for many years has stood handle leas and dry on the Hoe. Yesterday morning, some workmen proceeded to remeve it, and m its interior they were astonished to discover a number of letters, which hod, it is supposed, been put into the hole into which the handle formerly fitted, under the delusion that the pump was a post- office pillar letter box. The letters i were at once taken: to the Plymouth rit-office, and were without delay forwarded their destinations." '.' "Can lt be true ?" ejaculated Mr. Maggle- by, withs great sis« of relief. ."Then the tact ot the 'Camel' luring been BignaUedlast night off Dover fs'merely á coincidence tH " Moat certainly," said Mr, Doddard. " Tliank heaven !" cried ' Mr. Maggleby fervently. "Send the cab away, Doaoard. Bat no ! I'll go home again at once, and Bet my poor wife at ease. Ha, ba ! J do remem- ber now that when poor Mr. ' Padster came home from his last voyage, he discovered that some letters which he had posted at Plymouth had not been delivered. We didn't miss them, because, as you recollect, Doddard, ha wrote again from Southampton." " Of course he did, air," said Mr. Doddard "Well, let ÜB congratulate ourselves. It would have been a fearful business for Mn, Maggleby to have to go through." " And it would have been bad for you, Doddard, for it would have spoilt your chance of a partnership for some time to come. Now, I'm off." Mr. Maggleby put the TimeB in his pocket, and departed ; and when he reached hu home and showed the paper to his wife, the conple sat together for at least half an hour, talking over the extraordinary nature of the ad i venture. " Well, we shall bo able to go to Madame Tussand's and thc theatre after all, Maria," said Mr. Maggleby at luncheon. And go they did ; and what is more, Mr. Doddard became a partner a fortnight later, the firm thenceforward being known aa Mag- gleby and Doddard. 