WHAT HE THOUGHT OP THE DENOMINATIONS. On the road once more, with Lebanon fading away in the ?Hgfam/*-l the fat passenger drumming idly on the window pane, the cross passenger sound asleep, and the tall, thin passenger reading ** Gen. Grant's Tour Around the world, ' and wondering why * Green a August rlower snould be printed above the doors of ' A Buddhist Temple at Benares.' To me comes the brukeman, and Bitting himself on the arm of the seat, says : ? ' I went to church yesterday.' 'Yes?' I asked, with that interested inflection that asks for more. 'And what church did you attend *' ' Winch do you guess ?' he asked ' Some union mission church ?' I hazarded. ' Xaw,' he said ; ' I don't like to run on these branch roads very much. I don't often go to church, and when I do I want to run and you go on schedule time, and don't have to wait on connections. I don't like to run on a branch. Good enough ; but I don't like ' Episcopal V' I guessed. 'Limited express,' he Baid ; 'all palace cars, and two dollars extra for a seat ; fast time, and only stop at the big stations. Nice line, but too exhaustive for a brakeman. All train men in uniform, conductor, punch and lantern silver-plated, and no train boys allowed. Then the passengers are allowed to talk back at the conductor, and it makes them too free and easy. No, I could not stand the palace cars.* Rich road, though. Don't often hear of a receiver being appointed for that line. Some mighty nice people travel on it, too.' ' Univeraalifit ?' I suggested. ' Broad gauge,' said the brakeman, ' does too much complimentary business. Every body travels on a pass. Conductor doesn't get a fare once in fifty miles. Stops at all nag stations, and won't run into anything but a union depot. No umpiring car on the train. Train orders are rather vague, though, and the train men don't get alomi well with the passengers. No L don't go to the Uuivcraalist, though I know some awfully good men who run ou that road.' 'Presbyterian*' I asked. ' Narrow gauge, eh ?' said the brakeman. 14 Pretty track, straight as a rule; tunnel right through a mountain rather than go around it ; spirit-level grade ; passengers have to show their ticket before they get on the train. Mighty strict road, but the cars are a little narrow ; have to sit one in each seat, and no room in the aisle to dance. Then there is no stop over tickets allowed ; got to go straight through the station you're ticketed for, or yon can't get on at alL When tiie car's full, no extra coaches ; cars built at the shops to bold just so many, and nobody else allowed on. But you don't often hear of an accident on the road. It's run right up to the rules.' ' May be vou joined the Freethinkers*' I Baid, 'Scrub road,' said the brakeman; 'dirt road bed and no ballast ; no time cud and no train despatcher. All trains run wild, and every engineer makes his own time, just as he pleases. Smoke if you want to ; kind of a go-as-you-please road. Too many side tracks, and every switch wide open all the time, with tbe switchman Bound asleep and the target lamp dead out. Get on as you please and get off when you want to. Don't have to show your tickets, and the conductor isn't ex pected to do anything but amuse the pas sengers. No* air, I was offered a pass, but I dou't like tiie line. I don't like to travel on a road that has no terminus. Do you know, sir, I asked a division superintendent where that road run to, and be said he hoped to die if*he knew. I asked him if the general superintendent could tell me, and be said he didn't believe they had a general superin tendent c'nld tell me, and be fa*M he didn't believe they had a general superintendent, and if they had he didn't know anything more shout tiie road t^'Ti tiie passengers, lasted him who he reported to, and he said * nobody.' I asked a conductor who he got his orders from, and he said he didn't take orders from any living man or dead ghost. And when I asked the engineer who he got bis orders from, he said he'd like to see anybody give him orders \ he'd run that trail? to suit hint Belf, or he'd run it into tiie ditch. Now, yon see, sir, I'm a railroad man, and I dont care to run on a road that bas no Bt'^, trrV*1** no connections, runs nowhere, and bas no superintendent. It may be all right, but I've railroaded too long to understand it** ** Maybe yon went to tbe Congregational church?' I said, *' Popular road,' said tiie bi*ff-^'*rrn*Ti. ' and old road, too * one of tiie very oldest in thin country* Good road, bed Pnfi comfort&lble; cars. Well managed road, too ; one of the very oldest in this country. Good road bed uid comfortable cais. \Vell managed road, too ; directors dont interfere with division superintendents and train orders. Roads mighty popular, bnt if e pretty independent, too. Yes, didnt one of the division superin tendents down v.«gfr H jg«Ytvfrfo^ -*- one ot the oldest stations on this line two or three years ago ? But it*s a mighty pleasant road to travel on. Always has such a splendid class of passengers.' ' Did you try the Methodist!' I said. ' Now you're shouting,' he said, with time and plenty of passengera. Engines carry a power of steam, and dont you forget it ; steam gauge shows a hundred and enough all the time. Lively road ; when the conductor shouts ' All aboard,' you can hear him to the next station. Every train light shines like a headlight. Stop-over checks are given on all through tickets ; passengers can drop off tiie train as often as he likes, do tiie station two or three days, and hop on the next revival whole-souled, companionable conductors ; ain't a road in the country where the pas sengers feel more at home. No passes ; every passenger pays full traffic rates for his ticket. Wedeyan -house air brake on all trains, too; pretty safe road, but I didn't ride over it yesterday.' ' Perhaps you tried the Baptist ?' I guessed ' Ah, ah !' said the brakeman, *' she's a daisy, isn't she ? River road ; beautiful curves ; Bweep round anything to keep close to the river ; bnt it's all steel rail and rock ballast, single track all the way, and not a side from the round bouse to tiie terminus. Takes a heap of water to run it through, double tanks at every station, and there iant an engine in tbe shops that can pull a pound or run a mUe with less than two gauges. But it runs through a lovely country ; these river roads always do ; river on one side and hills oti the other, and it's a steady climb up the grade all the way till the run ends where the fountain- bead of the river begins. Yes, sir, I'll take the river road every time for a lovely tup, sure connections and good time, and no prairie dust blowing in at the windows. And yesterday, when the conductor came around for the tickets with a little basket punch, I didn't ask him to pass me, but I paid my fare like a little man — twenty- five cents for an hour's run and a little concert by the passengers thrown in. I tell you, Pilgrim, you take the river road when But just here the long whistle from the engine announced a station, and the brake man hurried to tbe door shouting : 'Zionsville! This train makes no atop between here and Indianapolis V'—BurtotgUm HaicJxtf' 