OUR SOUTHERN RAILWAY. I am, &c.; C. H. HUSSEY. Port Elliott, January 27, 1885. Sir—The Goolwa meeting held on Saturday evening last suggests the wholesome proverb, "Not to count the chickens before they are hatched." What great rejoicings, with bon- hatched." What great rejoicings, with bon fires ablazing, shouts of victory and acclama tion resounded from that great centre of trade and commerce —Goolwa—when it became known that some seventy or eighty thousand pound was to be expended in adapting the southern tiamways into (shall I say railway t No) motor lines. The members for tbe district, laurel-crowned, lionised, and almost idolised, returned to their teats in Parliament no doubt feeling that tfaey had conferred great and last ing blessings on the downtrodden, neglected, and injuiwd residents of the south, and that their names would be handed down to genera tions yet unborn as the benefactors of a people who but for them would have been blotted out of existence. But how sad must be their re flection that, after all this demonstration of thankfulness and gratitude to said bene factors, it turns out (what they had been told would be the case, viz.) that the south would liave to put up with a tinkert-d, patched up, gingerbread, or toy railway—a piece of public work even more scandalous than the old tramway—the old rails actually taken up from one jiart nf the old line and {*ut down in another i>art of the same ine. How much better it would have been for the interests of the colony at large and the residents of the south in particular for us or our members to liave told the Government straight that unless tfaey were prepared to treat us as a part of the colony, a portion ton that with proper Governmental facilities would have been second to no other part of the colony, not even Port Adelaide, possessing as we do the highway and marine outlet for the great Ri terma district and trade —that unless they were willing to place us on an equality with other districts by giving us what tbey ixifisess, viz., substantial lines of railway, tfaey had better shut us up at once or send us over to Victoria to treat with a more equitable Government, lam of opinion that it would have been better for tfae interests of the soHth to liave put up with the tramway as it was, unless the Government were prepared to deal fairly and justly witfa us, and not put us off witfa a mere ghost of a railway that would convey goods and passengers at no greater speed than thirteen to fifteen miles an hour. But the amusing part of the matter is that our southern friends (the members for the district included) appear to have been simple enough to imagine that the paltry sum placed on the estimates and passed by the legislature would be sufficient to convert the southern tramways into locomotive lines. No one the least acquainted with the cost of railway construction could have dreamed of such a thing. Blundering and de ception bave characterised the whole of this southern railway business. The Government never intended to give us equal rights witfa other parts of the colony. And one of our members even went so far as to suggest that the rails that were unfit for a railway in the north would do for the south. Now, the fact of tfae matter is that tbe line as at present re constructed wonld carry Rowan's motors, as recommended by Mr. A. F. Lindsay, and which will convey from 100 to 150 passengers each at a minimum speed of twenty miles, and working np to thirty-five miles an hour at very trifling cost per mile, woidd be all tfaat is necessary for some time to come between Strathalbyn and Port Victor; but between Goolwa and Port Victor we require a railway and locomotive power as substantial as any in tfae colony for conveying tfae river-borne goods —wool, &c.; but I fear that this justice will never be meted out to the south until we have a Government unblinded by vested interests at Port Adelaide, and fully alive to tfae immense advantage that would accrue to this colony by securing the Riverina trade. And when we do possess such a Government we shall see a different railway line constructed tfaan tfae miserable tinkered up thing now disfiguring one of, at least, the most important districts of the colony. And wben this mut-h-to-be-desired period arrives our railway engineers will not adopt the sharp curves, heavy gradients, and spider-legged bridges, such as now span tfaat interesting s]*ot of a dark night, known as the Gap, but will take a direct, shorter, and safer route in almost a straight line from Middleton to Victor Harbor, skirting Port KUiot on its northern side, thus avoiding tbe very sharp curve at Rider's store, tbe steep gradient over Davenport's Hill, and tfae Gap Bridge, which would be replaced by a much safer and lets elevated structure on a lower level. Then we shall make a compact with Riverina, clear the Murray of all obstructions, extend our break water to its originally intended length; Victor Harbor would be one of the busiest ports in tfae colony, tbe Riverina trade would be secured, and tiie long-neglected, down trodden, and abused south would rise to her geographically favored and destined jwsition as the most important and flourishinc portion of Sonth Australia.- 