SPAR.LIAMENTNRY. \--Ie the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday as a portion of the formal business of the day, Mr. Abigail gave notion of motion for the appointment of a' select aommittee to enquire into certain charges against Mlr.. Melvillo, to the effect that he received -£2--for having used his influence as a member of Parliament to got the sum of £400 for a client of his for a certain piece of land resumed by the Gj vernment for railway purposes, vwhile the Gover - ment valuator had valued the land at £300. Im mediately afterwards Mr. Melville rose in his place and challenged te he n. member for West Sydney to bring the motion forward at once, ais it matter of privilege. The notice of motion was accordingly withdrawn, and Mr. Abigail, as a matter of privi lege, moved for the committee to consist of Messrs. Wright, Luscombe, Loughnan, Chapman, Teece, Ross, Do Salis, Hammond, and the mover. Mr. Melville made a long explanation. He fully admitted that he had received the sum of £25 ; but he received it as agent, and for services he had per formed. Mr. Melville defended himself very strongly against any charge of wrong-doing, and contended that the charge was absurd, inasmuch as it implied that the sum of £25 had bought not only himself, but the officers of the Railway department as well. The hen. member them went on to deprecate the cheapness at which he had been held, inasmuch as " another illustrious individual" was valued at 30 pieces.of money. Mr. Melville concluded by press ign for the select committee, before which he would triumphantly vindicate himself. After some re marks from Messrs. Luscombe, Buchanan, and Garrett, and areply from Mr. Abigail, the motion for the' appointment of the committee was agreed to, with thessubstitution of the name of Mr. Grifliths for that of Mr. Loughnan, who stated that he would not be able to attend. On the order of the day, for the resumption of the debate upon the motion for the adoption of the address in reply to the Governor's speech, being read Dr. Ross rose to address the House. He stated that he should support the amendment, and pro ceeded to give his reasons. Iteanimadverted uponthe manner in which the Laud Act is administered, and reflected strongly upon the fact that a son-in-law of Mr. Farnell was acting as land agent, and pre sumably using undue influence with the Minister. He' brought forward three cases of his con stituents, in whose favour his own influence had been unavailing, but who were successful when they employed Mr. Farnell's son-in-law, and paid £50 in each instance. The hon. member also alluded to other cases of a similar nature. He hoped his' constituents would nobt trouble him with land matters any more ; he would advise them to go to Mr. Cummings and pay the £50, the same as other people did. After the speaker had concluded, there were cries for Mr. Parnell, but the heon. gentleman declined to answer the call, and as no one rose to his feet the speaker began to put the question. But Mr. O'Mara rose to continue the discussion. He sup ported the amendment in a lengthy speech. At the conclusion of his remarks some hon. member cried out for !'?lMr. O'Connor," and others called out for " Mr. Farnell." Mr. Faraell, however, declined, remarking, "You will hear me in good time." Mr. Fromlin then succeeded in catching thie Speaker's eye. He excited considerable merriment by showing that the style of argument used during the debate had been nothing but " tie quoquec." Some interruption, inthe shape of interjections, hav ing been' made by Mr. Wisdom, Mr. Fremlin said lhe was going to tell a fib, for which hee did not think the Speaker would call him to order. That fib was that 'i-Mfr. Wisdom was one of the most perfect gentlemen that ever sat in any Assembly." -Ie further went on to eharacterise Mr. Wisdom as one who could " put his heart in a nutshbell, and his soul in a. watch-poclket." Mr. Fremlin next touched upon the Laud Act and the remarks of Mlr. Heydon, and finished by some severe strictures upon Mr. Abigail. If he had not known that gentleman rep resented West Sydney, Ih should have thought he represented Tartaric Acid. Mr. Garrett was the next speaker. He expressed his surprise that Mr. Farnell had not taken the opportunity to refute the charges that had been made against him, and offered to forego his right to say anything more in that debate if the hon. gentleman wished to answer his accusers. Mr. Farnell, how ever, did not accept the opportunity. After ex pressing his approval of the Soudan expedition, Mr. Garrett went on to condemn in unmeasured terms the land policy of the Government, which he con tended would never give the revenue that the Government professed to expect to derive from it, and on this point he was prepared to stake his political reputation. On the motion of Mr. O'Connor the debate was adjourned till the following day. No less than 33 questions were asked in the House on Tuesday evening. Mr. Farnell, in reply to Mr. Teeco (as to whether the vote of £25,000, item 257, in the Appropriation Act for 1885, had been exhausted), said it hid not been exhausted, nor exceeded. The total amount paid to Wright, Heaton, & Co., for the removal of officers' furniture, or for other services in connection with the administration of the Crown Lands Act of '1884, was £2325 14s Id for'packing and removing the furniture of officers sent to the country. *Mr. Farnell stated on Tuesday night that 934,533 acres had been taken up for conditional lease under the new'Act, and 781,550 acres conditional purchases had beeoon sold. The Chinese furniture makers in the employ of tho:Chiuese manufacturing firms in Melbourno have gone out on strike; They demand payment on piecework instead of day wages. The steamer Gulf of Carpentaria, which left here on Sunday for London, via Adelaido, with a valuable cargo, struck on s a croOk near Cleft Island, and im mediately selek. The crow and the only passenger landed act Wilson's 'roemontry. Tle the Legislative Council of South Australia on TIesdlay aefternoon the second reading of the Oaths Abolition Bill was passed by 11 votes to 9, and the measure was then referred to a select committee to to report upon in a month. Guadaur, the St. Louis (U.S.) sculler, did three miles a' the Pennsylvania regatta in 19min. 32ase., said to be the fastest on record. An important Ca?inct meeting was held on Wed ,esday. It is said that as one of the resultsI Mr. Fsarnellw?ill take an early opportunity of givin a flat and final contradiction to any attempt to impli crete him in the doings alleged egainst Mr. Msriee and Mr. Cumming. A- account publisled in the Daily Telegraph of the Chinese. gambling dens in Sydney was brought under notice of the Colonial Treasurer in the Assembly on Tuesday and be at once promised to call the special attention of the Inspector-General of Police to it, with a view to the suppresssion of the dens. Mr. Garrett convulsed tihe ouse, on Tuesday night by the remark that whiloParkes kept in power some years ago by raising the IKinma ghost, this Government was keeping in power by raising Parkes's ghost. Strong hopes are entertained by tlhose interested in mining in the Carcoar district that a motion to be introduced by Mr. E. A. Baker, in the Legislative Assembly withl reference to mining on church and school estates may produce some good, the present state of the law being calculated to prevent all mining enterprise on such lands, in many parts of which it is known that rich deposits exist. A syndicate has been fornmed in Melbourne and boring machinery has been purchased to t:st the deep ground in the Young district for leads of gold, and if successful to form companies to work them. The Federal Minstrels will perform in the Odd fellows' Hall for two nights next month. 