THE TWO LIEUTENANTS SCHMIDT. (By A. E» Sweet). A certain mac by the name of Carl Schmidt joined the army, and became a lieutenant in a battery of artillery, which was stationed at the time of our story in a small Prussian town. As he had no in- fluence at headquarters,, promotion was very slow, being almost as slow as the action in a supreme eourt. Other and less deserving officers were advanced, bat Lieutenant Carl Schmidt did not advance exeept in age and experionoe. He was still a lieutenant when his hair became grey. Hoary-headed lieu tenants are quite common in the German army. Lieutenant Schmidt had married very early in life. In due time a son was born, to whom was given bis father's name. As soon as the son was old enough be was sent to the military academy, and after having graduated, was assigned to the «ame battery in which his father was a lieutenant. There were, therefore, two lieutenants by ths name of Carl Schmidt in the same battery. , But what was more peculiar still, was the fact that father and son were identical in form and feature, except that while the hair and moustache of the father were snowy white, those of the son were a jet glossy mac a. rne Eon naa an oia ioos, wnicn gave him a more venerable appearance than that of most men of his age, while the father, who was of a lively turn of mind, seemed to be younger than he really was. At first the son lived with his parents, hut on the death of his mother, father and son no longer lived together. Each one himself rented a room. The younger mau preferred this mode of life, aB it gave him more liberty. In order to prevent confusion the father was known among hiB army friends as Schmidt No. 1, while the son was called Schmidt No. 2. They were so identioal in pereonalappearanee that hadhis son powdered his hair, the most intimate friends of the two Lieutenants Schmidt would not have bean able to decide in what relation tbev stood to each other. Schmidt No. 1 was in the habit of invitiog officers, who visited the town in which his battery was stationed, to lodge with him. He had a large number of acquaintances among the older army officers, one of whom was stopping with him at the time at which our story begins. This officer, who belonged to the dragoon, although no longer young, had remarkably black hair. Schmidt No. 1, on coming into the room of his guest one morning, observed that he was holding a bottle in hie hand, from which he had just taken the cork. ' What have you got there— liver regulator, or something for your stomach's sake?' queried old Schmidt. The guest seemed to be annoved, and replacing the curk, replied that it was a remedy for dandruff, and pUcea the bottle on the edge of the window behind tbecurtaiu. The gueBt left a few hour 3 afterward. The incident had pas ed out of the mind of Schmidt No. 1, and he would perhaps never have recalled iz had he not noticed che bottle a few days afterward. It tbeu occurred to him that he, too, was troubled with dandruff in his hair and moustache, so he applied the stuff his guest bad left behind lioerally. He had scarcely done so when, glaocing at the clock, he perceived it was time for him to appear on the parade ground to superintend the drilling of the recruits. Seizing his cap and sword he hurrie i out. Had he looked in the glasa he would have been somewhat surprised, for the alleged cure for dandruff was simply hair dye, and the Bnowy bair and moustache of Schmidt No. 1 were as black as a raven's wiog. The only points of difference between himself and son were completely wiped out. To all. cut- ward appearances father and son were abso lutely identical, although Schmidt No. 1 was utterly ignorant of the transformation that had taken place in his personal appearance. The captain of the battery, who was an old gentleman by the name of Braun, was already on the parade ground, waiting for the arrival of his friend Schmidt No! 1 Captain Braun was greatly gratified when he saw his friend coming, for they were great chums and they loved to obat together. As Schmidt No. 1 drew near Braun, the latter perceived by the black hair and moustache that bo was mistaken, that it was Schmidt No. 2, so he thpught. . ' Good morning, Lieutenant Schmidt, Where is your father this morning?' Now the father of Lieutenant Schmidt No. 1 had been dead many years, " hence the old lieutenant stared Btnpidly at his superior officer instead of answering. . He w&b; under the impression that he had not been heard aright. Your father is well, I hope,' continued Captain Braun. "My father?' inquired Schmidt, looking still more perplexed, and satisfied In his own mind that his hearing bad become defective. Yea, your father. I thought T expressed myself very clearly. What cause is there for purple »«?; yportilhtrf Asked Captain Bfcrao. . v|» ; 4 Your are Verjrfc ind , I »«# inquiry/ replied Sohmidt No. 1, V d&btatn;, i»% father is dead. i'-Dcad V almost Shrieked old Sraflu, did you say dead ?' Yet, dead,' replied Schmidt No.l,open- ing his eyes wider than over. f ' ' Himrnel! Itisdreadfal. Hot true it is that in the midst of life we are in /death. .How did it happen?' . , His horse fell on him and broke bis wo. The old captain claeped his hands in silent ; agony arid rihisteriag, 4 it is dreadful, dreadful !' walked Slowly aWay. s Schmidt No. 1 did ndt know what to think. Why his father, who had been dead twenty- five years, » should become the object of in terest to Gaptain Braun at that late day was more than he could oomprehend. He gazed at the retreating foim of bis superior officer until be turned a oorndr and was out of sight, and then soliloquised: — 4 This beats anything I have experienced yet. Poor old Brsun must have softening of the braio, or else he has taken to drinking.' Just then Lieutenant Soholz, another officer belonging to the same battery, came round 1 the corner. Good morning, Schmidt. 'Good morning, rScholz. By the why, Scholz/ said Schmidt No. 1, 4 did yon meet old Captain Braun just now?' 'I did.' . / / Did you observe anything peculiar about him ?' 4 YeSj he looked as if he had been crying.' 4 1 thought 8 0 1 Either the old man has lost his faculties or else he has taken to strong drink' 4 1 can't believe that. He is not that sort of a man.' 4 There is certainly something wrong about him. There is a screw loose about him. some where.' 4 What makes you think so, Schmidt?' 1 Well, just think j he asked me a whileago how my father was Coming on?' 4 1 don't sue anything Vety strange in his asking you about your father.' Schmidt No. 1 looked at Lieutenant $eholz with astonishment. , 4 Why shouldn't he ask you how your' father is coming on V repeated Scholz. ' .. 4 Because,' replied Schmidt No. 1, 'it is a little unusual in a sensible person to ask after the health of a mau who is dead.' 4 Dead !' exclaimed Scholz. 4 Come npwj don't joke on that subject. My dear Schmidt there should be no levity about-a thing of that kind.' 4 It doesn't occur to me to joke, but I can certainly say that my father is dead. That a a mCM atatamant a# a. lank ' .. -i | AO B UiOIQ OSWSWaUQHS VI S Lieutenant Soholz's arras dropped by his side, - and he became as pile as did the sympathetic Braun. 4 Then it is true — really true, but tell the how did it happen?' 4 His horse fell on him and broke his neck. I thought you knew it.' Lieutenant Scholz looked the picturd of despair, and Sohmidt gazed at him in utter amazement. - - 4 My poor, poor friend,' said Soholz, taking both of Sohmidtfa hands and shaking them, 4 may heaven give you strength to; beat up' under this terrible affliction,' and he wiped a manly tear away, and off he went, with his head hanging down. 4 Another lunatic/ remarked Schmidt No. I to himself, 4 Or is be drunk too? Perhaps it is I who am loony A Only a few minutes later the sergeant who was driUieg the recruits, not. observing the old white hatred Lieutenant Schmidt en the parade-ground, came up, and in a round about way asked Schmidt No. I where his father was. That officer haoame justly exasperated. , 4 It is a plot — a oon founded plot, and I will not stand any snob trifling Tax too old an officer to be humbugged -in this way, and' particularly about the death of my father. I will go at onca aod see Captain Braun about it, for somebody is going to get hart il t-iis foolishness is kept up.' '> Leaving the old officer /Schmidt No 1 to- fcake care of himself for the present, let us see what his son Lieutenant Sohmidt No. 2 is about. He stepped oot of his room' dressed iu full uniform, and in the best of humour. A complacent smile Was playing upon his' liup. As he sauntered down the street he met Lieutenant Scholz, who looked like the picture of despair. 'Good morhing, Scholz, how are you coming onmy boy? Have you got the tooth ache or colic, or -has -you sweetheart gone back on you. or what is the matter with you, anyhow ? What makes you look bo sorrowful this fine morning ?' Lieutenant Saholz was almost paralysed with astonishment at this extraordinary conduct of his friend. 4 Look fcere, Sohmidt, do you know that I oan't understand you, anyhow J' 4 What don't vou understand? Are you surprised that I wonier at your owl like appaaiauc— as a general thing you Are not so solemn. Lit's go and take breakfast together.' . Lieutenant Soholz shook his head as if the behavipur of his friend was totally in comprehensible. I did not suppisa you eoali <3e guilty of such utter beattlessness ' ; 4 Heartlessness ? What do you mean bv thit ?' : i< 4 Well, I should think whan a man's father it dead Behind No. 2 became as solemn ae a judge, and -in a hussy voice, taking Soholz by the hands, he said — L / _ Oh, I beg your pardon. I did not know that your fa'tier was dead, but i might have guessed it from your sorrowful face. Dear friend, forgive me, and allow me to express 1 iny heartfelt grief at your affliction/ . / , This was a little too muoh for. Soholz/ Now, Schmidt/ he said angrily, yon dait your nonsense. You should be ashameA ol 1 jourarif to show such levity/ Itkfon. yoor po r father is under the sod yon are i ok in d about his death ' josing 4 Your grief, Soholz,' replied S chm idt, has caused you to confound your father with use.' 'How is that ?' : < replied BohmidS No.« sV /your father is dead, not mine.' Now, this is too much/ emiNimbfi Schola ; -joke about mine My father, Gad he praised is quite heafthy, I got a letter from him yesserdayy .and if he was dead my eistera wbold certaioly telegraph me/ 'Well, then/ said Schmidt. «if yoar father is not dead, what areyon ao sorrowful about?' - 'About the death of your father, of course.4 ' My father 1 exclaimed Sohmidt. 4 Of course. Didn't his horse fail on him and break bis neck T Bchmidt became as pale as a ghost. < 1 did not know anything about i%' said Sohmidt; Who told you that ?' You told me bo when I saw you on the parade ground half an hour ago.' Sohmidt No, 2 looked at Soholz with a very anxious expression of countenance. 1 Do yon know, Scholz, that I believe yoo not quite right in your upper storey at times V Oa the contrary, it is yon who have lost your senses. You told Gaptain Braun ths same thing abont your father being dead lees than half an hour ago.' 4 Captain Brann I Why, I have not seen mm to-day.' But Ihave seen him. I met him when he came from the parade ground, and his whole beard was full of tears. He said he saw you on the parade ground, and that you told him about the accident that had hap pened to your father.' It was now Schmidt's torn to get mad. 4 1 shall see Captain Braun afooot (hit immediately,' said Sohmidt No. 2, and putting bis eabre under his arm be strode off in the direction of Gaptain Braun's qaartere. Old Captain Braun was sitting in hts room. He had not recovered from the terrible shock produced by the news of the death of his friend. His orderly entered and said that Lieutenant Schmidt was outside. 4 Tell him to eome In/' said Captain Brann. The next moment Schmidt No. 2 entered the room. The old soldier heaved a sigh and advanced to meet him. 4 My poor yo'nng friend/ be said, 4 this is a sad blow to us both. It has completely paralysed me.' If seemed to have done the same thing for Schmidt No. 2. but before he could open his mouth the orderly once more entered the room. His facer was red, and he seemed to be labouring trader great excitement. 1 Captain, outside there— is — there — is — ' Then be looked at Schmidt No. 2, and bis face became redder and redder. 4 Well, .what is it?' ejaculated Captain Braun. " 4 Bight here, at the door, stands — stands—' . raneatml the nrdarlv. and fthae mnrfl h£ looked at Schmidt No. 2 with -a scared expression of countenance. 4 Can't you talk ? Who is outside V 4 Lieutenant Sohmidt. He would like tu come in.' The captain and Lieutenant Schmidt No. 2 looked at each other in a dazed sort of way. It Lientenant Schmidt was outside, be could not possibly be dead. ' Lientenant Schmidt No. 2/ said the orderly, looking at the young lieutenant with awe. 4 What do yon mean? Lieutenant Schmidt No. 2 is in the room here.' / Ye—yes,' replied the orderly; 'but tie is outside there too/ 4 Are you crazy ?' ejaculated old Braae 4 cr have yon been drinking V And turning to Sohmidt No. 2, he said, 4 You are hero already. You can't come a second time, can you ?' Schmidt No. 2 did do( know what to say. 4 Tell him to come in/ ordered Caplaia' Braun. . The orderly draw up his shoulder', and cast a look towards heaven as if he was going to prpy /and, stumbling over his own feet, he opsned the door. Lieutenant Schmidt No. 1 entered. The orderly sneaked in also. He wan red to eee how this thing was going to end. 4 Why, hsaven preserve us ! You are, also. Schmidt No. 2/ gaid Braun. 4 How many of yon are there?' 4 Gaptain, yon will excuse me, bat I am Schmidt No. L' Old Br.«un put both hands to his bead to steady his braio, then said - But that is not possible. If yon were Sohmidt No. 1 you would be y jor own father, and the father of Schmidt Ns, 2 also, and even if you are your own father, you are dead, and fcben you oonld not be here. My poor brains neei a rest/ la the meantime the twj lieutenant! looked sharply at each other. \- 4 Father/ sttd the son, wuera did you get ail that black hair from.' 4 Black hair ! exolaimad tha father and then looked in the g Use ; he ssi. 4 w 11. who overheard the like. La a carded stuff ia the bottle is to bLcce for thi?. Old Captain Braun laughed right out. ' So you have been dyting your hair, ana for that lea sbn I supposed you wro your eon, aod asked yoa what your father Was doing. No wonder you were astonished. It is the bt joke of the season. But you told me your father wias dead. How did you know all this ; said lie, turning to Sohmidt No. 2. 1 4 1 met Lieutenant Scholz So did 1,' said old Braun. 4 Well, that is a good joke.1 /And the red-faced orderly so lac f ergot himself and military . discipline as to ex claim : - 4 Yes; that is a good jake. — 4 Texas Sittings/ \ B- ' . A M 