AADead Man'si FaceG. A GHOST STORY. r ~tEa AIruon of " CaLenln BAo " Both bride end brid m' aid their "I wills iin suchow tones that I could scarcely hear. their voices. Then, in pursu e of sy duty, 'I gave the" woman to tho'priest joined the haids of Claud and Judith. After having played my little part I had no \- metednbecknto my forueer otati. Iee new close to the bride, and as Claud turned to her, could see his face to advantag It was posl Stively "distorted with suppressed emotion of -seine kind. His smoath was set, and I.could s that his teeth were closed on h??s unde lip. He did not look at his fair bride His oaze paseed over her shoulder. In fact, he seemed almost oblivious to her presence. I was drehd!'lly frightened. . The cler 1an's voice rangout: "1, Claud, take thee, 3udith,to my weddedW fe." Then, hering no echo of his words, heus?ped. ,L ?epeat after me,"he prompted. Againbe Sbaii, "1I, Claud----" - _u hisoicew drown in a louder one, which rang through the empty church. With a fierce cry, as of inexpressible rage, Claud had -thrown the bride's hand from him, and oas , ointin , e id gesticulating toward the wall, -upon which his eyes had been riveted. "Herme-even hero:" he almost shrieked. That cuned, white, wicked, ding. face I Whose is it1 Why" deo it come between me mad M" I heeded not the clermeean's loek of dismay, br the bride's cry of Jiitress. I thou htOf " "Gone! Why does it coma? What have I .I to do with this dying man? Look, Fraik, look ! Somethinu tells me if nou look you will see it. There ! thire ! Look there !" His eyes were ever fixed on the same point He grasped my anm convulsively. i am ashamed to sa3 that I yielded, and looked in the direction of his gaze. "There is iothing there," I said, soothingly. "Look!" h' exclaimed "It will come to you as to me." - It may have: been the hope of convincing Claud of.the illusionary nature of the sight wvhich tormented him, it may have been some strange fascination wrought by his words and manner, which made me.for some moments " gaze with him" God of Heaven! I saw " gradually forming oit of nothing, gathering on the blank wall in front of me, a face, or the semblance of, a Iice, white, ghastly, horrible! Long, dank, ivet-ldoking dark hair, eyes start ing fromn: their sockets, lips wdrking-tlhe -whole aplrseance'that of theface of.a mein -who is r?ggling r-ith death: in every detail as Cland lid decribed it. And yet to me that face was more terrible than ever it could have' been to Cland. I gazed in hrror. I felt my eyes g rowing riveteld tolthe sight as his own. I felt my whole frame trembling.. I knew that in another moment I should be raving as wildly as he raved. Only his hoarse whisper recalled me to my senses. "You seel" he asked, or rather asserted. ' Horror forced the truth from me. "I see, or fancy I see," I aanswered. With a wild laugh Claud broke from me. H lie rushed down the church mid disappeared. As he left me, the face, thank Heaven ! faded from the wall, or from my imagination. I turned to my coml~nions. - Judith Des pard was lying in a dead swoon on the altar steps; the curate with trembling hands was loosening the'throat of her dress. I called for water. The sexton brought it. I bathed the moor woman's temnplee; and in a few minutes she sightied, opened her eyes, and' then shud dered. I tooklierinmy. arms and staggered to the church door. The curate removed his surplice and followedme.. I placed my ilmost senseless burden in the carriage " "For Heaven's sake, ose her home," I said to the curate. 'I aust go and look after my brother. As soon as Ilhave seen him I will comerounid to .Mias Despard's. Got her home '.quickly.. !The coachma knowsr whroeto go." Thebrouglhal drove off. I threw myself ;into i bcab and drove torard Glaud's rooms. ,::- I hoped hremight hve gone stami"ht.there To my great relief; when I i achiedhis house "he ivas on the 'door-step.; 'We entered his Srooih together ;he mnk wearily iilto a chair, and buried ids-fac in his hands. I was . scarcely less agitated than himself, and my face, asIcaught its reflection in the mirror, was white as his own. - I waited for him to speak. Prsently. he raised his head. "Go to her," lie said. "'Ask her why that face comes be tween us. You raw it-even you. It can be no fancy of mine. Tell her we can meet no more." . "I will wait until you are calmer before I S"Calm! I am myself now. The thing las left me, as it always does. Frank, I have hid den from you one peculiarity of my state.' That awful face never shows itself to-me un lsss I am in her company. -. Even at the altar it came between us.- .Go to her; ask her 'why it comes." I am ashamed to re-assert it ; Lanm willing to own that excitemdit, my brothers impres sixe manner, superstition which I did not ]know I possessed-anything that may bear a natural explanation=-may have raised that vision. But why should that phautom, gather ing and growing Ironm nothing until it' at tanned to form, or at least sembnlace, have Ieen the face of one I had known? - Why should the features distorted in deadly agony have been those of my brother Stephen? For his was, the dreadful face 'which Claud's sromptings or ms own imagination had raised. Almost like one in a dress' I went to do Chad's bidding. I was thankful, upon reach ing MIrs. Despard's, to find that she had gone to her room, and left word that she could see no one to-day. This gave me time to consider the position. \- . tin ona sudden im s ue, I went to the telegraphl office, and sent'snseroctions to.my wife to forward me-bry passenger train a small box in which I kept old .letters and papers. Then I went back to Cland, and after soime Ipersiasioin induced him to leave town at once. I told him I'would arrajige everything cn the morrow. He was better away. In the morning my box arrived. In it I found what I wanted. After the cahm effects of a night's rest I felt ashamed of ny weakness as I drew from old letters a lphotograph of my .brother Stephen--one taken about two years before the report of -. his death reached us. ':Nevertheless 1 put the portrait in my pocket, a.nd about noon went to Mrs. Despard's. I aas at once admitted, and in a few minutes ? ie s th e to mct . She looked worn and hag lines seemed to have deeplened round her firn ' -passionte moutis She advanced eagerly t, Sward me and held out her hand. ItIk it in s'lence. Indeed. I scar?sly knew what to say ' or ho~,' to act. "Where is Claud':" she asked, in a quick voice, but scarcely Ilihve a whisper. "lie ihas left town f?r a few days." She pre? ed her hand to her heart. " Does that mean 1 shall see himt no more ?" " I am afraid I mist fay it does. lie thiniks it better you should, 1art." She gave a sharp cry, and walked up and do-n the room-?ainsmhg her hands. Her lips moved rapidly, and I knew she was muttering many words, butin so'lqw a key that I could not catch their meaning. Suildenly she stolpped, an d turned upon me'fiercely. \- " Is this by your counsel and advice ?" she demanded. - - - "'No. It is his own uibiassed decision." "5Why a-tell me why? He loved me-I love him. .Why d-esi he leave me ?' : The passionate entreaty'of her voice is inde s-'ribable. 'What could I say to her? Words stuck in my throat.- It seemed the height of absurdity for an-ane man to give a sane women ',the true reason for Cland'i broken faith. I stammered sut something about his bad state of:health. :'? l he is ill, I will nurse hins," she cried. "I -" -will uwait for years if lie w "ive me hope. S Dr. Morton, I: love Claud as never before :]oveda man. Sheelhsped her hands and looked imploringly into my face. In a mechanical way I dres the rtm of. y dead brother from mybreast. -he saw the action. His likeness!" she cried, joyfully. "He sends it tome ! Ah, he loves mn !I" I handed her the photograph. "Mr. Des pard," I asked, "do you know-" I did not finish the question, yet it was fully. ainswered. Never, I believe, save then, did af hunan face undergo such a sudden, frightful { change. Thu woman's very lips grew ashen, I her eyes glared into mine, and 1 saw-them fullt "Why is it here- who is it?" shegasped out. I was a prey to the esldest excitement. To what revelation was this tending? what awful thing had Ito learn? ....... "Listen," I said,sterily. "Womanitis for you to answer that question. It is the face of this man, his dying face, that comes between you and your lover. "Tell me his name." I read rather than heard the words her dry lilps formed. ,"The 'name he was once known by wuas Stanley."" e A quick, sharp shudder ran throughldir. For a moment I thought ohe wasgoing to faint. "He is dead," she said. "W\rhy does he come between my love and me? Others have loied or said they loved me since then. They saw no dead faces. Had I loved them I might have married and been happy. Claud I love. -Why does the dead man trouble hi?" "That man," I replied, "was my brother Claud's brother." She threw out her arms with a gesture of utter despair. "Your brother--Claud's bro thler !" she repeated. Then she fixed her eyes on mine as if she wofuld read thesecrets of my soul. "You are lying," she said. "I am not. .ee -sos' cure-dg brother. He left Enird s!ypears d cured so m y n I cried-" tell me what this man was to you : ,whv his dying face comes to us! the truth-spelk the truth.' She seemed to cower 'beneath my words, but her eyes were still onl y face. "Speak !" I cried, fiercely, and tightening my grasp upon her wrist. At last she tbund words. "He was my husbatid ; I killed him," she i said, in a strange voice; low yet perfectly dis tinct. I recoiled in horror. This woman, the widow and self-confessed murderess of one brother,. within aln ace of being the wife of the other! "You murdered hImn" I said, turningto the woman, "I murdered him. He made my life a hell upon earth. He beat me, cursed me, ruined me. He was the foulest-hearted fiend that ever lived. I killed him." . \o remorse, no regret in her words. Quite overcome, I leaned against the chimney-piece. Bad:as I knew Stephen Morton to.have been, I could at that moment only think of hlimas a gay, lightlearted schoolboy, my elder brother, and in. these days i perfect hero in my eyes. Ko woider myheart was full of vengeance.. Yet even in the fiist flush of my rage 1 knew that-I could do nothing. o "human justice -could be meted out to thiswoman. There was Bothing to prove the'truth of her self-accusa tion. She would escape scot- free. " Would that 1 could avenge lhis death !" I said, sullenly. . She ripraig to her feet. Her dark eyeshlazed. "Avenged!" she cried. "Is it not doubly, trebly avenged! .Has he not taken all 1 care for in life from me ? Has he not taken my love from my side? Coward.in life, coward in. death. When I killed him I knew he would try to come hack to me. He has tried forycars. Ah, I was too strong for him. I could banish the face' with which he.stroie to haunt me. I could forget. I could love.. I could have been happy. Yet he has conquered-at last, ot'moe-hee could not conquer me-but the ono I love. Oh, the coward is avenged !" in spite of my feeling of abhorrence, I gazed on the speaker in amazement. Her words were not those of one who hlad committed a black crilne, but of one who had suffered wrong. The. strange, fanciful idea that the dead man had.been trying to lhaunt her, but had been kept at bay by her strong will, was in my ex. perience unprecedented. As I sa thie ag:ony of mind under 'ehich she was laboring, the thought came to me that her words were true, that my brother 'sdeath was this day avenged. 1 reslved to lcave her. I could gain no good by prolonging the painful scene. She was still pacinl the roml in fierce pas sion. Suddenly she stopped short, and in thrilling accents began to speak. It seemed as if hlie she had forgotten miy presence. "See," she cried, "the river bank-the dark rushing estreamu. Ah, we are all alone, side by side, far away from every one. Fool! if you could read my heart, would you ,walk so near to the giddy brink? Do you think the memory of the old love will stay my.hand when the chance comes? Old ]ove is dead: you beat it, cursed it to death. How fast does the stieatn run? Can a strong man.swim against it? Oh, if I could be sure-sure that one push would end it all and give me freedom ! Once I longed for love-your love. "Now I long for death-your death. Oh, brave swift tide, are you strong enough to free me'for.ever! Hark ! I can hear the roar of the rapids in the distance. There is a deep fall from the river cliff; there are rocks. Fool! You stand at the very edge, and look down. The moment is come. Ah !" With her last exclamation she used a violent gesture as if pushing iomething fiercely from her. ' Shwas, Iknew, in her excitemlent, re ting the tragedy. ",Free fre! free!". she cried, with .a delirious, almost 'rapturous laugh, and clasping her hands. "'Hold him, erave, stream! Sweep him away.. See'! he swims ; but he dare not swim with you. You are hurrying down- to the. rapids.' He must face you, and wrestle with you for his life. Bear him down; keep him from me. If lie masters you, he will land and kill me. '. Hold: him fast, brave stream ! Ha! liis strength fails. He is swept away ;' he is under. No, I eehiin again. He turns his face to.me. He mnown I did it. With his last breath he:is curing me. His last breath! le is gone, gone for ever ! I am free." T.he clianges in.her voice,,ranging from dread to'tearful joy,.her passionate words, her elo qiuent gestures; all these combined to briig the very scene before my yes. Istoodspell-bounid, and, even as she described it, seemed to. ee the unfortunate man battling for dear life in the ruslhing stream, growing every moment weaker andweaketr. iAs the woman's last wild exclamation- " Gone for ever! I an frie !" rang through tlie'room, I seemed to hear the cry of despair drowned as the waves closed over the swretched man's head. I-knew every detail of my brother's fate. I turned to leave the room. I longed to get away, and if possible to banish the events of the day from my mind. It was not given me to be Stephen IMorton's avenger. lMy lhand was on the door, when the woman sprung to my side. She grlsped my arnl and drew me back into the room. "Leok !" s.he whi?pered. "l)'t von -co it? 1 There ! look ! is E es g?tang, ui moet Imeking. Siow it h'.vianee come, I shrll see it always--always. Looe !' No, I was not doimeil again to see or to fancy L?naw that face.: Its mission, so far r.rc was concerned, was at an end. But the leok of concentrated lhornr which Judith I)espard c:t at at the wall of the room beegars deserilp tisn. Then with a piteous cry she fell at lry feet. and seemed to strive to iske me shiel; lher fromt something ,.lte dreaded. I raised her. Site beeke frite ny gra.sp, and again fell on thle floor, this tilte In laretysilos of liadnet-. My tale is ended. That night she was re moved to a private lunatic asylumt, where fir three years he wasei keptst t my expense. She died raving mad. and from inquiries I mado I kntow that from the mtment when it first aip peared to her t, the hour of her death the face f the man sithe had killed was ever with Judith I)espard. 