BREVITIES. Frost in Carcoar this morning1. -?? Snail's Bay regatta on Saturday. 'Frisco mail to arrive ^Friday morning. Serious verandah accident in George-street. 'Tis asserted that Chinese Gordon is still alive. If -Clifford didn't win Ms steamer (the Commodore) created a sensation op. the river on Saturday. TTn.Ti1n.Ti nas won W« race in an Australian boat, and out of the hands of an Australian trainer. The circulation of the Evening News on Satur day last reached the large total of 66,000 copies. The reduction in the price of gas to 5s 6d per 1000, bv the gas company, had some effect on the voting .^Ashfield. A paragraph in one of the Melbourne papers headed 'Nine lives Lost' would indicate that some body's cat had been killed. An Awkward Compliment. — Lieutenant (to elderly lady): 'Madame, really to-day you look as fresh and blooming as a rose of 20 years.' An opera troupe has been massacred entire in in Algeria. The critics of that country do not con fine themselves to bad eggs and apples. A miner named Ralph Clark was killed in No. 3 North Phoenix mine, Gympie, on Friday night, having been crushed by a cage which was being lowered. Two men only were hurt in the collision of the Commodore with the abutment of the Parramatta Eiver Bridge on Saturday, but neither of them seri ously. The difference between a Christian and a cannibal has been described by an Anglican dean in these terms : ' One enjoys himself, and t'other enjoys other people.' A terrible tragedy* was enacted in Kent-street on Saturday night. During a quarrel an American named John Gwym Bailey stabbed a young man aamed Gustave Heinston, a German. The Roman Catholics 'and Orangemen are making preparations for a war over the education question in Victoria. The recent 'Wesleyan Conference passed resolutions in favour of religious teaching. 'What is the difference between the ' proprietor ' of a cattle train and a sea captain ? One -ships his steers and the other steers his ship. Hence these steers. A meeting of the North Wilioughby Borough Council was held on Friday evening, when several accounts were passed for payment, and some tenders accepted. Photoexapher : 'Now, sir. if you'll look a little less as though you had a bill to meet, and a little more as though you'd just been left a legacy, you'll be a picture.' No Wonder. — Doctor: Allow me, professor, to introduce to you the oldest man in our town ; he is 97 years of age, and a chimney-sweeper by trade.' Professor : ' No wonder ; smoked flesh keeps good a longtime.' Baron Eothschild's mother lived to be 99. When her doctors warned her of her approaching death, Ehe inquired if she could not live to be a hundred. It would never do, she argued, for a Rothschild to die under par. Melbourne Salvationists rejoicingover the slaughter of the Sabbath breakers who were killed in the Cootamundra accident : and yet the Liberal Associa tion here is continuing its agitation for Sunday excursion trains. At the Ashfield Literary and Debating Club's debate last week, the subject under discussion was ' That the Australian colonies should be a united and free nation.' ' The motion was ? carried by a majority of three. Fello w-f eeling. — Millionaire (meeting an old school fellow in the street : 'Well, dear old chap, how are yon getting on?' Schoolfellow (ill-paid clerk) : 'I am just like yon are — always sorely puzzled to know what to do with my money !' On Sunday night the Bey. M. Gray preached to a large congregation in Christ Church, Cootamundra, on the subject of 'The recent railway catastrophe.' The discourse was logicsl, eloquent, and reasonable, and was listened to with marked attention. The result of the poll on the gas question in Ash field will, it is presumed, induce the local council to go on withthe works. In that event the public will have an opportunity of comparing the quality of the article supplied by the gas company with that supplied by the Ashfield works. In addition to the copious information on commer cial, sporting, municipal, and other subjects, Skinner's Gazette forthis month contains a well finished map of the city of Sydney, showing the tram routes, and the proposed city railway extension. Dr. J. L. York, one of the greatest scientific and freethought lecturers of the Pacific coast, who is now making a tour/in New Zealand, and attracting great audiences, will shortly deliver a series of lectures in Sydney. Dr. York intends to visit the principal towns of Australia. He is described by the Ameri can papers as an eloquent orator, second only to Ing-ersolL The Parramatta Half -holiday Association tendered a benefit to the widow and orphans of the late Hedley Burge at the Victoria Theatre last Wednesday evening. There was a crowded house, and the per formance, which consisted of a concert, farce, and a burlesque, 'The Bride of Abydos,' was -well re ceived. The officers of the theatre and all connected with the performance gave their services gratuitously. Consequently a handsome return will be made to the afflicted ones. Before Mr. Abbott, in the Central Police Court to day, John Smith pleaded guilty to having stolen, on February 7, a chain of the value of 6s 6d. from William Butler, and was sent to gaol for sis months, ?with hard labour. For having in his possession a portmanteau which -might reasonably be expected to have been stolen, Michael Reynolds was ordered three months' imprisonment. The charge side in the Water Police Court to-day was presided over by Mr. W. Johnson, S.M. Thomas Bourke, for having committed himself in a grossly ind---c -nt manner off Bent-street, was fined 40s (or in c. av.lt 1$ days' imprisonment). William Bremner was sentenced to four -weeks' im prisonment for haying assaulted Constable Shaw. A seaman named Richard England, belonging to the Ehip British Admiral, was sentenced to three weeks' imprisonment for-desertion. According to the Drtjgman, the Japanese are threatened with,- severe losses on account of the extinction of ' the lacquer industry. The tree from which . the varnish is made is disappearing. An old law compelled the people to rear lacquer trees, but it is not now in force. Another law compelled every person who cut down any kind of tree to plant two in its place. This also has 'become a dead letter, and the native newspapers fear the deforestation of Japan. At a meeting of the Burns Club, held on Friday evening, the following gentlemen were -unanimously elected officers for the year 1885: — President: Mr. Andrew M'Credie ; vice-presidents : Messrs. W. F. Martin, H. C. L. Anderson, M.A., Richard Doyle, and Dr. Cmnming : committee : Messrs.- ilobert Anderson, Allan MTDiarmid, A. S. Murray, John M'Leod, Thos. M'Credie, Win. M'Xntosh, and James 'White : hon. sec, D. J. M'liean. 'Observer' writes: — I was much pleased to ob serve in your issue of the 5th instant that some rail way employees had received substantial official recognition for meritorious services rendered. TMs reminded me that some months ago a porter named Hinand, stationed^ the Redmyre platform, risked Ms life in the most spirited manner to -save the life of another. If I am not mistaken, no notice— save what appeared in one or two of the daily journals — was taken of his bravery. He (the porter) risked Ms life. What man could do more? ? .'.-,.' Mr. Robert: Stout, the New Zealand Premier, lectured on Christmas night in the . Dunedin Freethbnght HalL He declared that Christ neither formed a sect, taught a creed, nor founded a church. The Bishop of Dunedin replied in a sermon' in St. Paul's, from the text ' - Feed my lambs,' and asserted that Christ not only claimed to be equal with God the Father, . but formulated the doctrine of the Trinity, instructing all his disciples to baptise na tions in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The Bishop strongly urged combination to meet what he considered the false reasoning of the fast increasing infidel school. A successful tea meeting was held in the Liverpool Town Hall on Wednesday last, when an address and a purse of sovereigns -were presented to the Her. W. J.. Cnthbert, who . for ' the last nine years has been minister . of the local Presbyterian church, and is to resign his charge. The presentation was made by Mr. Giepf^e Murray, J.P., on behalf of about 100 subscribers. Speeches . were delivered by the chair man, the Bev. Messrs. Moore and Murray, _ and Messrs'. Scrivener and Haigh. .During the evening the proceedings were enlivened by music rendered by lady and gentlemen amateurs. The catering was Well carried out by Mr. Wring, of Liverpool. A luxury and health preserver, New Turkish Bath, Bligh-street. Single bath 3s, four tickets : .30a.— 'ADVT.L--.fV ?: .--i- ??'?'??' ? ? ? ? '..? Beach'fi^onsultation.— JNewmarket Handicap and Sydney.Cnp ibw open. 3f»60 subs, 10s each. Address Beach, care of J. G. Deeble, Hotel, JOng-street. — Advt. Tattersall's Consultation, Newmarket Handicap. — First 'horse, £1000, now open, filling fast. Address, TattersalL care of G. Adams, Tatteraall'e Hotel, Sydney,— Adtt. Miller's Consultationon Champion Race now open. First Horse JglOOO. Tee £U Address J. J. Miller, YorkHoteL Sydney*— Advt. Complete set ofartancaalteeHi for £5. tipper and lower, perfect fit and quality guaranteed. Marshall Brothere, dentists, 1W«, Market-etreet, near Hyde Park.-*Ai-viF ^ -*1 Book'** ffstful Tahicwtisn.— Copies gratis. JuBt -Bsuea fcy the Anglo-Australian Investment, ^mance^ ?and LaadOompaay, 163, BftMzeet, Sydney. Book of UjBdftijyfonnatioBk — Ajjvts * 