Ghost? AN UNSEEN TAIL. I had just returned from Toronto— whither I lmd gone to ostimato the cost of a publio work — with an amusing party of friends. Tho train was de layed a few hours noar Vandreuil. When I loft tho trarable-down Bona- vonturc station tho night was very late tho weather wet and windy ; tho streets a long series of puddles flickering under tho gas. Hurrying along I crossed street corners diagonally, kicking up about tho cutbstoncs heavy massos of new-fallen leaves. At tho street door I stood for n fow moments fumbling with my lntchkoy. Were I impressionable I might have thonght, so strangely did the wind act, that unseen Angers clutched my gar ments and tunt forms scarcely impal pable) interposed between mo and tho With somo aid from a match I felt my way up two pairs ©f stairs and stood within my room. Lighting tho gas I looked around. Though nothing was unfamiliar or changed a singular air of desertion porvnded tho placo. I shivered slightly, being strongly chill, and for a moment thought of abandon ing the intention of taking a bath beforo bed. But to turn in with that grimy feeling which comes from a long railway journoy was out of tho question. Nor was I sleepy. On tho contrary my senses seemed almost prctcrnaturally acute, and my head delightfully clear aud capaklo. Go to bed ! Nay. Thero wero somo intricate calculations of strains required next day and to which I determined to dovoto myself after bathing. It was not that I did not wish to go to bed, hut that I knew I could not sleep and that I dreaded the horrors of insomnia from which I had onco suffered. I remember regretting that my doctor had ordored mo to give up smoking, for n pipe would, perhaps, hare given mo a drowsy feeling. Down to the bath-room I wont and turn- ing on tno water, regained my room. Certainly there was not tho least unusual sound in descending or ascending tho stair. It is possiblo to believe that my nervous condition can havo changed greatly, changed without causo, during the short timo, after going back to my room, whilo I was engaged in undressing. As all in tbe bouse had long been in bed there was no danger of meeting any on the stairs in my somi-nudo condition so I throw off my coat, my waistcoat and whito shirt, put off my boots, and thrust my foot into slippers, Tbon I wound my watch, laid it under my pil low, brushed my tooth and rend a page or two of Lord Raleigh's address beforo the British Association. TkeBo par ticulars aro mentioned that all may understand how perfectly I remember every occurrence of a night on which I was entirely calm and observant. With towels, matches, flesh brush and sponge ou arm or in hand, I at tempted to opon my door, For n moment it refused to open, being held in somo unexpected fashion, then it camo to my baad with a rush. Tbo gas light violently bent and swayed with a quick drift of air to and through tho open windows. Yet somo forco acCing in a contrary direction sharply closed tho door behind mo. Groping to tho head of the stairway I paused in tho absolute darkness.. From tho water falling in tho bath-room there was a faint monotonous roar. Suddenly a child's voico broko on tho gloom in a wild but not loud tone of appeal, " You won't bo dead or go away, mother I" Tbo voico I know well ; it was that of ray landlady's second daughtor, a little girl of G or 7, who slept on my flat. So clear a treblo breaking so suddenly with an exclamation so quaint on tho deep stillness of tho night was weird and startliog. What had disturbed the child's sleop ? What had mysteriously touched her 7 As yet no dofinablo thing seeming to indicate supernatural prcaonces had oc- cured. But now, having token threo steps downward, I Btopped— ray blood running heavily and cold, a creeping tremor and thrill of skin over my whole body! What seemod a footstop had fallen bohind me, closo behind mo ! An unusual footfall ! Not tho last shuffling sound, not a creak of leather, not nn impact as of a thing having weight, no suggestion of a human agent in tho sound! It dropped lightly and stopped. W xth intensely strained hearing I listened for somo further indication of moVomont. Nothing ! Savo for tho pour and gurgle and roll of water into tho bath tho stillnoss was intenso 1 I roasoucp that tho oound had boon a delusion. Tho stair stretches had givon with my weight I But I dared nob turn my head. Thoro was that sensation of mortal cold bohind tho oars I Hastily I took two more steps, and now Btood clutohing tho railing in extreme terror, shaking and trembling . with tho increasing mystery. Distinctly had tho thing fallen lightly bohind me again— so closo ! It was as though some very light person, Borne almost imponderable body, had jumped after mo with ono foot a littlo in advance of tho other. In this presumed action thero was a suggestion of triclrinesa such as ofton goes with malignity. Now again began tho conflict of reason ngauiBb tuo uorror mat uesei mo — to account for tho sound was impos sible except on tho assumption of as spiritual proscnco ; to persuado mysolf that tho sound was no sound but a more imagining bred of darkness I could not. Tho offort to regard it as nn illusion but sank mo deep into the conviction that I had well and truly heard, wbonco the feel ing—at first largely a mere corporeal one caused by tho stongencss of tho thing— changedto a soul-shaken fear of tho imminence of a force, supernatural and probably malign. Tho child then had approhonded something portentous in her sleep! Now I could hear tho .. ticking of the loud clock in tho base ment abovo tho gurglo and 11 drop" of the water that, pouring into a nearly full bath, more faintly pervaded the air aud now I could well hear, too, tho rapid trip-hammor beating of my heart 1 Space seamed widening about mo and the Immensities possessed tho reeling, air! ' „ Turn hack ? For what ? It would be no less witli rao i And should I yield to though I might bo unable to avoid tho fear ? Again I went down — one— two- threo— four — it had followed 1 " Stepping in timo with mo, stopping as I stopped, resting always on tbo step I had left 1 Mortal nervos wore not raado to endure a thing so Btrango. What was that a breath on my check 7 With tho tension my power of sight seemed to increase and piorco tho dark ness. Faintly outlined were tho doors of tho fiat I approached. Tho dim light through tho curtained light of the front door let mo seo down tho well-hole tho forms of furniture in tho hall. Every theng was real, familiar, commonplace. All gave mo assuranco of reality in my experiences j that tho Bound benind me was a real sound, and, by inference, that an invisible, impalpable and sentient ex istence was haunting -my footBtops I But was it impalpable 7 I could at least ascertain that Nervously, shrink- iugly, fearing I know not what strange contact I thrust my hand into the dark behind. Nothing thoro but the void air 1 In desperation I turned to faco the thing'— to look— nothiag thero but tho blackness of darkness. With outstrcclicd arms I felt the space from balusters to wall. Nothing 1 I nerved myself to t&ko; a step upward. Still nothing I Tho mysterious foot did not retreat boforo me. Onco more I turned down atairs. Again ! keeping exact time, pausing as I paused, it followed till, overcome with tho terror, I leaned trembling against tho wall, standing on the lowest- stop but one. Out on tho street a late cab rattled by. Tho water could now bo heard faintly from the bath. With loud, re verberant stokes swung tho pendulum of tho clock. By a great effort I re strained nn inclination to call on tho aleopers near mo. Lighting a match I looked fearfully around. Thoro wore tho walls familiar with a pattern seen a thousand times before, but novor, till then, in detail. In that brief fire-light wero visiblo the keys of tho doors, the panels, tho brush streaks of tlioir paint, a spider .web in tho coiling corners, minutest parts of old fashioned cornico and centre-piece, tho very threads of tho worn carpots, somo half-barncd matches dropped by lodgers, a geranium petal just outsido tbo door of tbo protty girl 1 1 could make a long catalougo of trifles, of marks, always in that ball but nevor seen by me till short period of straining vision to per n',-,coivo 8omo hint or outline of tho impnl- i;-pablo and invisiblo haunter. I .v.: Tho match flickered, its flamo dkd. I hold tho glowing, friendly ember aloft ; till it oxpircil, and again I was nlono -with tho drondful dark, and the thing h which followcd'ohco more. To tho bath-room I turned ; it was 1,1 still closo behind me. But no longer a footfall—not now a sound of alighting. Instead there was n very faint, low ; .&onnd; as of a light weight being ; dragged I Tnstnntl' lho trntli flnBhed on /nmy mind, and reaching backward I i clutched at the lengtliy suspenders which, ; drngging and falling from step to step, chad oxcitcd scnsnlions that tho most cx- i porionced ghost might have been uroud jof producing. — . Detroit Free Prcsx. \- Hollo way's Ointment and Tills.— Few pereousnre so favoured by eircumstnnco or bo fortified by nature, as to enable tbcm to pass unscathed the sore trials of nn inclement season, With catarrhB, coughs, and influenzas : everywhere abounding, it should be nnivcr- . . sally known tbnt IToIloway's Ointment, diligently rubbed upon the chest, checks the wqrso assaults of these maladies, and securely wards oil more grave and dangerous diseases l . of the throat and lungs. The truth of this .assertion must remain unquestioned in the face of thousands of unimpcachablo living ; witnesses, who havo personally derived tho 'i ' ntmost possiblo benefits from this treatment > : when their present suficrings were nppaling, . ; and their future prbspccls most disheartening. Both remedies act admirably together. . Death or Colonel French's Brotheii, ; —Canadian papers have reached Brisbane, containing an account of tho death of Cap- \- tain French, brother of the Commandant of ' .tbc Queensland Defence Force. It occurred during the attack on tho villngo of Bntocho's .which was occupied by Rial's half-breeds, Tho village consisted of seven houses, and '-'tho Government forces having driven tho Miebels ta, found that those who had not run away woro firing from the row of outhonscs on tho cast trail, from a gully in rear of " Batbeho'a two-story building, and from tho '> -hills and bush on tho right. Ono of tho ri-.-.-Winnlpeg guns, under Captain Contlcc, rushed to tho right and shelled tbo bush in . advance, and later Champagnes' house in tbo rear. It took but a few minutes to make tho rush to Batoclio's new store, aud then to . -..Batoeho's old 6toro and houso; and then tho 'day was won. Not nmnn was killed while ta tho open, although several were wounded. . i .- Tho account of tho Toronto Mail, from which wo. quote, continues Bat ono of tho . „ .saddest lossos was at Batoclio's house. Cap- '. tain . Jack French, tall of form, and his 1 Col tie blood at boiling heat, rnshed to tbo front door facing tho south-west, nnd with a AComo on, boys I' ran in and up to 'tho upper story. Ho had hardly reached tbo door when a bullet from tho gulloy towards tho . ferry pierced his breast below the heart, nnd 1 -- 1 'ho lived long enough only to say, 'Don't ; forgot boys, that I led you hero.' On Batur- , .'day he had saved Cook by his personal n" bravery, snatching him from the jaws of death. It was a very brave net, worthy of ; j tho Victoria Cross. On Tuesday ho led his litttlo band on to liis own death." In tho .Governor General's congratulations upon tho -'"'victory, Cnptnin French is mentioned as /t .'an officer we can ill-afford to lose." ' Captain Walkeii'b Bmsbane Fmends. ii.' —On Monday afternoon a meeting of tho friends and sympathisers of Captain David Walker, lato of the s.8, Cahors, was held at » tho Town Hall. Mr. J. Siuclniroccupied the chair, and there was a small nttcndnncc, The chairman," in opening tho proceedings, said that he lmd known Captain Walker for ti ; about thirty years, and he was a man for ,t. whom Lo had the greatest respect. Tlicy were hot there to question the decision of the ' Marino Board, but to express sympathy with . Captain Walker. lie hoped nil C'aptnin .Walker's friend's would rally round him ta the hour of misfortune. Mr. W. L. G. Drew ' read a letter which he had received from Sir. A:. II. Palmer, in which he stated that lie con- sidered that Captain Walker had been very i. :: harshly treated. He enclosed a cheque for £5 6s, Mr. W. T, Blakency moved— "That this meeting desires to express its sincere sympathy with Cnptnin David Walker, late .. senior comnnnder of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, in his present un fortunate position." lie said tbnt he travelled n good deal up and dowu the const, and moro with Captain Walker than any other skipper In the A.S.N. Company, and in his experience . he hnd never met . a moro careful skipper. Ho beard that Captain Walker was very : . much shaken indeed by his iroublo ; aud, in . fact, was not half the man he was a few months ago. Ho hoped all would rally round " ' him in the time of trouble, Mr. J. B.Hickic seconded the resolution, and said he was perfectly satisfied that Captain Walker was on excellent seaman. Mr. W. llorslcy moved— "As by reason of bis recent mis- . fortune, Captain Walker has been left at nn i advanced period oE his life in impoverished circumstances, this meeting resolves that a .subscription-list be opened forthwith, and : that steps be taken to raise a fund for his benefit, and that Messrs. J. Siuclair and W. -L.G. Drew bo appointed honorary treasurers of the. fund." lie alluded to Captain Walker \- as a genial hearted gentleman aud a good seaman.— Mr. S. Kay seconded tbo resolution and advocated a petition with the view of getting Captain Walker reinstated. Tho resolutions were carried unanimously. Votes of thnnks were accorded to Mr, J. Sinclair nnd Mr. W. L.G. Drew. The sum of £45 was subscribed in t ho roou i. —Telegraph. 