VICTORIA AMATEUR TTJEF CLUB MEETING. SATURDAT, APBIL 25. Stewards-Hon. W. Pearson, Messrs. A. R, Blackwood, J. L. Purves H. Fisher, and M. O'Shanassy. Judge-Mr. G. Vowles. Han dicapper- Mr. K T. Barnard. Starter- Mr. G. Watson. Secretary-Mr. N. R. D. Bond. With a very strong counter-attraction in the Caledonian gathering at the MC.C. ground, and doll and threatening weather, it was not surprising that the attendance at Cauifield on Saturday last was far below the average; but those who did visit the coarse were well re warded with some first-class racing, and as the backets had the best oi the contest with the ring they went home rejoicing. The course never looked prettier, and the track was in excellent order. A commencement was made with the Selling Race, for which Warina was installed first favourite, the next in public esteem being Jack Ashore. Warina was soon in front, and appeared to be winning easily until Sunstroke came with a wet sail, and Warina, tiring the outsider, nearly got on terms with him-in fact, it was doubtful which had won until the judge hoisted Warina's number, his verdict being a short half-head in favour of Mr. Miller's filly, but Sunstroke was a head in front in the first stride past the post. On being sub mitted to auction, the winner was bought in at £20, all of which went to the funds of the club. For the Hurdle Race Minerva had most friends. Mr. Whitty had denuded her of the superfluous flesh with which she wat loaded when she arrived in Victoria, and asher jumping powers were well known, the public followed the stable, and accepted 2 to labout her. The result proved that their confidence was not misplaced, for M'Leod always had her in a good position, and, coming at the proper time, won rather easily. Ten num bers were hoisted on the board for the Glen Huntly Handicap, and as Tothill had Surprise in tip-top form, ne was installed first favourite when business opened, but there had been whisperings concerning a splendid trial per formed by a very useful looking gelding named 13 ncaa, who wa8 purchased in the Wee tern Dis trict by Mr. Joseph Harper, and when a demon stration was made in his favour there was such a rush to get on that he supplanted Surprise, and was actually first favourite before the horses left the paddock. Duration, who looked very well, also had friends, and though the latter did not get well away, and was in the rear for some time, he got up on the inside as they rounded the home turn, and looked very like a winner inside the dis tance ; Surprise, who had shown a bold front, tiring to nothing, but Uncas, who had been running rather green, was straightened by i Cracknell, and answering every call, caught i Duration at the end of the stand and beat him clevfeHy. In a field of 10 for the Steeplechase,' Native was regarded with much favonr, Dollar and Beresford also coming in for sup port, whilea little money was quietly invested j on a useful-looking gelding named Granville, j The horses were despatched on their journey i by Mr; Watson, and all went well until they; reached the Bpot where usually the rails are.i removed to allow the horses to enter the j straight, and as they were to jump two brush I hurdles in the home stretch they had to come j into the straight the first time round. Un-1 fortunately by some negligence the hurdles; ; were not removed, and the horses all came' on to the old course, which in consequence' of alterations, was not to be used. Before reaching the stand the error was detected.j and alljthe horses were pulled round ana' taken ;over the rails into the straight Black-1 thorn was the first over, and was Tollowed by Granville, They made the most of the ad-1 . vantage thus gained, and Granville going to1 the froftt at the turn, remained there, and won easily from Blackthorn, next to whom was Kingston. A meeting of the stewards ? was at once called, and after a short delibera tion Mr. James Purvea appealed on the plat form of the weighing-house, and announced that they had determined that it was no race, and that fts a matter of equity all bets should be off. It was determined that the race should be run after the Arma dale Handicap. For the latter the_ South Australian representative Topais was in Rreat demand, but a run upon Meander caused the latter to run hiui close in the betting. St. Lawrence, Nuncio, and others received sup port, but Tothill had made no mistake with Topaz, who came to the front below the dis tance. and won a good race by a length. The steeplechasers were immediately summoned to take their places at the poet, and as Clarence had lost most ground through the mistake in the first venture, and afterwards made up his leeway in a remarkable.manner, he was entrusted with the greatest share of public money. Native's mends also sup ported their horse, and as Granville had. given the public a taste of his quality, many who had not backed him previously at 10 to 1 now readily accepted the shorter odds of 5 to L Dollar made play, and the pace brought down Bome of the competitors. Half a mile from home Clarence, Native, Beres ford, and Granville were ia the van, but Beresford fell at the fence near the turn, and interfered with Granville, who lost a few lengths. Huht, however, set him going again, and disposing of Clarence, he caugpt Native at the brusn hurdle, and beat him very cleverly. The success of Granville was received with a good deal of cheering. De tails: SELLING BA.CE. Of 60 GOVS. The winner to be sold for £50. Five j furlongs. Mr. S. Miller's br f Warina (nil), by Free Citizen Seat ale, 2 yre, GsU2lb. (Tuomey).. .. .. Mr. J. Sirason na br g Sunstroke (nil), 6 yn, 7st 41b. (Blair) , *. Mr. EL Thurling's b g Jack Ashore (£20), 1 yrs, 8st lib. (Robertson) _ 8 Mr. W. E. Power's b m Estrella (oil), b yrs, 7si. 61b. (White) .. .. 0 Mr. R. Chiraside's ch f Lady Loch (nil), 8 yrs, 7st., (Flanagan) 0 Betting.-Even agst Warina, 3 to 1 agst- Jack Ashore. { Lady Loch Jumped off in front, but Warina quickly deprived her of the lead, and brought them along at a good pace. Lady Loch and Jack Ashore lying next,: with Estrella end Sunstroke nest Bounding the home turn Jack Ashore and Lady Loch drew closer to the favourite, but she soon had them in difficulties, and looked like winning easily, until Sunstroke came with a wet B&il;, and catching Warina at every stride, the finish was so close that nobody knew what had won until the judge declared in favour of Warina by half a head. Jack Ashore a moderate third, followed by Lady Loch and Estrella. Time, lm. 6s. Tho win ner was bought in at £20. HANDICAP HURDLE BACK, Of 100 sovs. 10 so vs. to go to the second hone. ] One mile and a half. Mr. L. O. Wright's br m Minerva, by Horatio Mollie, G yrs, lOst 6lb. (M'Leod) Mr. H. Chifney's b g Chatsworth, 6 yrs, lOst (Chasten) Mr. J. B. Gill'sbgDunleary,6yre,9st 91b.,carried . Oat. 101b. (Alien) 3 Mr. T. Boucner's ch m Royal Maid (late Sally), 0 yrs. list Mb. (Batty) 0 Mr. A. Harper's ch g Despatch, 6 yrs, list 41b. (Malone) 0 Mr. J. Bimson's bl h Sinking Fund, & yrs, lOst 41b. (Harden) 0 Mr. B. Phillips's ch m Tattler, 6 yn, lOst Sib. (Huht) 0 Mr. J. Bolston's b g Pride of Oakland*, 6 yre, 9st. lllb. (Lang) 0 Mr. H. OonoUy ns br m Zona, aged, 9st 91b. (Gardiner) 0 Mr. J. O. Beid's chgPeaoook, 4yn,9st- 21b., carried Ost 01b. (King) 0 Betting.-5 to 2 agst Minerva, 6 to 1 Sinking Fund, 6 to 1 Chatsworth, 8 to 1 each Zona and Boyal Maid. The flag fell to a good start, and Peacock and Despatch were the first to show in advance, but they soon gave way to Dunleary, who showed the way over the first hurdle and led past the stand, followed by Tattler and Despatch, the favourite at this point being about sixth. Dunleary Increased his lead along the back of the course, and at the head of the others were Zona, Tattler, and Chatsworth. Minerva now becan to improve her position, and rising the hill she went up into third plaoe, Sinking Fund lying fourth. In the bend Dunleary's lead was considerably decreased, and before reaching the tarn Zona ran up alongside him. Entering the straight Zona retired, and Dunleary was passed by Chatsworth and Minerva. At the distance M'Leod called upon the favonrite, and at once drawing to the front, she won bv a length, Dunleary a good third, followed by Sink ing Fund, Tattler, Zona, and Boyal Maid, with Pea cock whipper-in. Time, Smin. GLEN HUNTLT HANDICAP, Of 100 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each. 15 SOTS, to go to the second and 6 sovs. to the third horse. One mile. Mr. J. Harper's b g tineas, by The Ace-Prioress, 8 yre, <3st 71b. (Cracknell) .. 1 Mr. W. Neil's bl c Duration, 4 yn, 8st 21b. (T. Brown) 2 Mr. E. W. Ellis's ch c Lord Wilton, 4 yn, 7st 81b. (Sharrard) 8 Mr. J. O. Beid's ch m Grace Darling, 5 yrs. 8st.l21b. (T. Williams) 0 Mr. J. G. Beid's ch g Hie Ghost aged, 8st 41b. (J. Williams) D Mr. H. B. Tothill's ch o Surprise, 4 yrs, 7st 71b. (Wvman) 0 Mr. M. Jacobs's b h Muscat, 6 yn, 7st (Bedfeam), 0 Mr. T. Jones's br c Bohemian, S yrs, 7st, carried 7st. 21b. (Blair).. .. 0 Mr. B. Thurling's b f East Lynne, 8 yrs, Cat 101b. (Flanagan) 0 Mr. J. Simson ns ch c Yellow Hammer, 4 yis, fist, carried 6st 61b. (H. Brown) 0 Betting.-7 to 4 agst Uncas, 7 to 8 Surprise, 4 and & to 1 Duration, 6 and 0 to 1 agst East; Lynne and Lord Wilton. They were despatched when all were in line, and the first to show in front were Grace Darling, Sur prise, and Muscat Ere 100 yards had been traversed Surprise shot to the fore, ana at the head of the body were The Ghost Grace Darling, and lord Wilton. Surprise led up the hill and along the bend, and in a bunch came Lord Wilton, The Ghost, Graos Darling, Uncas, and East Lynne, Duration being last but one, but as they made for the home tarn the latter, on the inside, and Uncas, on the outside, materially improved their positions, the favourite taking second place; but swinging round into the straight Duration gained an advantage which plaood him on terms with Surprise, who quickly com pounded, leaving Uncas and Lord Wilton to fight It out with Duration, who had the best of it to the end I of the stand, but Uncas now gallantly answered Craokneli'a resolute call, and catching Duration, he at onoe headed and defeated him by three-quarters of a length, Lord Wilton beaten only half a length for third place. East Lynne fourth, followed by Grace Darling and Bohemian, Yellow Hammer lost Time, lm. 45s. HANDICAP STEEPLECHASE, I Of 125 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of B sovs. each. 16 sovs. to go to the second, and 10 fiors. to the third horse. Two miles. Mr. B. Phillips's br h Granville, by Ebor-Sibyl, 0 yn, lOstflb. (Huht).. 7 .. 1 Mr. B. Martin's b g Native, aged, lOst. 71b. (Bird) S Mr. J. Pilbrow*s b g Clarence, aged, 12st (Cree).. 8 Mr. G. Glasscock's br g Blackthorn, aged, l2st 111b. (Mr. W. Glassoock) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. G. Glasscock's bg Kingston, 0yn, llstilb. (M'Leod) ' " .. o Mr. T. Jones's br g Tatidstlckor, aged, lOst 81b. (Butler) .. .. ., 0 Bon. W. Pearson's b g Beresford, aged, lOst 71b. (Watson) 0 Mr^.Urijjgrt br g Pride of the Hflls, aged, lOst ' Mr. G, Glasscock's b g Dollar, ag'od, 9st. 121b, (King) .. .. ., m .. 0 Mr. H. Connolly ns oh g Topsail, agpd, Ost. 10b. (Harden).. ,. .. .. .. o Mr. A. G, Webb's chg Chester, 0 yrs, tot 101b. (M'Millan) .. .. .. .. ,. o Betting (flrstfiFent).-4 to l Kative and Clarenoe, 6 to 1 Dollar, $ to l Beresford, 10 to l Granvilio. Seoond Event-8 to 1 agst Clarence, 6 to 1 Granville and Native, 6 tol Dollar, 8 and 10 to 1 others. This race was run twloe, In the first attempt they went out of their course, and Granville and Black thorn, who got the best of the mlstakfe, finished first and seoond, Kingston being third. This Was declared no raoe, and the horses were started again after the Armadale Handicap. Dollar at onoe made play, Mid forged the running along the bend, Topsail, Clarenoe, Kative, and Beresford lying next and In something like this order they negotiated the mud wall, when Clarenoe went into seoond plaoe. Sounding the turn iqto the straight Clarenoe ran up to Dollar, and de* slightatorotaw offlativ thet/ew ZeaWer had a Dollar lrinsr next, with Grauv,,^> ».>* vtawtaMal Ulg heels. Alter leaving the fitfi&ht; still at the head of affairs, aud at tii0 hJ!fc*S^W courseTopwll rah o#, and Kingston fell^nt bill Native deprived Oiwenoeof th« u.*ikrr"fottft Bereaford, PouMvCranvlllefktm ^^^jK.g°3,i?oa, up his lort grouhd, diapoeed of Oarenoe, and THE ABMADAIS HANDICAP, Ot 100 mm, Five turton« and ahidr Mr. R. tore1# b<»te h^^^OouDtmiu,, 0»meo, 6 yr», 8«t 71b. (Wyman) .. " Mr. A. Halinbowrt b o St Lawrence, 4 8st. 101b. (Banders) .. .. T " Mr. S. Grimwood's br h Meander, aired. &* (J. Williams) .. .. .. Mr. A. Summert b orbr g Aoe,« yW| 8i,t. ^ 0 Mr^^Hamill's bl b Hannibal, aged, 7«t. 1Mb. " Mr^SlmaMi in'ih m'seaweod.fl'jm, fit. «»,' 6 (T.Williains) '.. .. ... .« Mr. W. Glawoook'i ch o Distiller, 4 yre, Vrt. a'b (fllllKIQ) .* .» »» m M 'a Mr. B. Weeks's oh f Delamla, 8 yn, Set. lab, ^(Craokwril^r^ *b* f iiookti^ 6 yn, ««t. tub' 6 (M'lntosh) .. .. .. .. .. ' n Mr. i. O. Bald's bl o Nunoio, 8 yn, tab, Ulb. fines'* br o Gipsy's ^Warolne. 'a yt* ® Ost 101b. (O. Williams) .. .. .. 7| 0 Mr. D. Sloane's b o Bon Bon, 4 yn, fist. Mb, (Mofffttt) .. .. .* .»? .. ». (, A Hr. J. G. Beywood's b g Ho&b;, 4 yn, Gst 41 (Brown) ... .* .1 *. .. .. 0 Mr. H. Connolly ns big Barn Bum, 4yrs,Get. carried 6st. 7lb.(White) Betting -8 to 1 agst Topaz, 4 to 1 agst Meander, 6 to 1 each agst The Ace and St. Lawrence, 7tol»g«t Mookra and Nuncio Jumped offin front, and they led the field past the flve- luriongand half-mile potto, followed br Meander, Hannibal, Top**, and Seaweed. Before teaching the tarn both Nanao and Uootaa were done with, and Meander assumed command, Topaz being his immediate attendant. St. Lawrence also had improved his position. Below the distance Topaz challenged Meander, and the South Australian at onoe disposed of him, and though St. Lawrence came with a great rush from the distance, he ooold never get on terms with Topaz, who won easily by a length. Meander was a good third, and wis foUowed by Hannibal, Uoab, Distiller, and 31a Ace. Time, lm. lis. 