Turf Talk. By Nemo. Tbat racing is advancing in the colonies with rapid strides is proved by the following comparisons : — Last year there were 75 nominations for the Great Metropolitan Stakes as against 81 for the race now on the tapis. In the Melbourne Cup there are 1G4 for this year, against 133 for last season's race ; in the Caul Held Cup 143 against 137 ; while the Maribyr nong Plate has 124 against 110; the Victoria Derby, 132 against 126 ; tho Oaks, 7'2 against GO ; the St. Leger, 119 against 115 ; and all the other races which closed on tbe first of the month have mcreased their number of entries in proportion. Amongst tho most prominent absentees from the Metropolitan Stakes are Malar and Commotion, but as the former has not been nominated for the Melbourne , Cup it may bt assumed that h9 is to bo specially reserved for th- Champion Stakes; while the gallant old Commotion har always been so unfortunate at Randwick that it il hardly surprising not to find his name on the list. Our list contains the names of many old friends, ani they art welcome; but it is refreshing to see so many new names, and if one or two of the New Zca landers are _ sufficiently . satisfied with their weights to put in an appearance the interest in the struggle will be greatly increased. As on many previous occasions, there will be a difficulty in selecting which of two or more will be deputed to act for several leading stables, but that is a master tbat cannot bo helped, and it professional backers will only restrain their plunging and forestalling impulses until thoss who buy feed and train the horses have time to make up their minds we shall have lesa occasion to uomplain of unexpected acratchings than wo have had during the season which is abiut to closo. Already wagering has commenced in real earnest, and one firm has opened a 10,030 book on the Victoria Derby and the Mel bourne Cup at an average price of 10,000 to 40 for mixed poods, while an ither offers 2000 to 1 about picking ths Caulfield Cup and the Melbourne Cup. Angler, the line strapping son of Fisherman, has joined the majority. He died at JBundoora Park on last Sunday week. He took part iu the first A. J. C. Derby, when h(. ran third to Clove and The Pitsford, ran fourth for Tory boy's Melbourne Cup in 18G5, and won the Victoria Derby of the same year, nnd the St. Leger of 18CS. His stud repu tation rested upon Robinson Crusoe, Progress, Cleolito, Onyx, and a fow others, but although a rarely- bred animal he did not appear to be in such favour with studm&sters; aa blood would justify. He was by Fisherman (imp.) from Marchioness (imp.), by Melbourne from Cinizelli (the dam of The Marquis), by Touchstone from Brocade, by Panta loon from Bombazine, by Thunderbolt, &c.; Over £10,000 went through the totalisator at the late Spring Meeting of tho Dunedin Jockoy Club, and that amount would have been exceeded but for the absurd rul6 wliich the club's committee passed to the effect that every ticket must be numbered consecutively, and numbered one by one. The scratching of Petronel and Elsinore for the Brisbane Cup, at the late meeting, caused a deal of disappointment and dissatisfaction, and some bard things bave been said and written about Mr. Jost in consequence of the horsei having been left in until the last moment. Amongst our advertisements there will be found the full programme of the Tamworth Race Club. The meeting ii fixed for Wednesday and Thursday, the 29th and 80th of July, and the bill of faro comprises the Opening Stakes ot 30 sovs., with a sweep o( 1 sov., entrance 1& sov., 1 mile; the Publio Auctlot Stakes of 25 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov., entrance l£ sov., 6 furlongs ; the Tamworth Racing Club Handicap of 200 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs. from starters, second horse 20 sovs. and the third 5 sovs. from the prizo ; nomi nations, 1 sov., to close at C p.m. on tho 1st of July, weights to be declared on the 8ih of that month, acceptances 3 sovs. on the 22nd, and balance of entry j sovs. on July 27th, 1£ mile; the Borough Handicap of 46 eovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. for starters, entrance 1 sovH acceptance 1 sov., 1 mile; Publicans' Purse of 30 sovs.L with a sweep of 1 J sov., weight for age, entrance 1J sov., a mile and a distance ; Sovereign. Handicap of 50 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov., the ftiunet to be sola for 1 sov., the surplus to go to the club, nomina tion, 1 sov., ou July 27, six furlongs; Railway Handicap oi 40 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. for starters, entrant 1 sov., acceptance 1 bov., one mile; Peel River Handicap ot 100 sovs., with a sweep of 3 soys., nomination 1 sov., dates, &c.;, the same as those for the Race Club tlandicap, 1£ mile; Ladies' Bracelet of 30 soys, and bracclots for the nominators of the first and second horses, value 20 sovs. and 10 sovs. respectively, to be nominated by ladles, entrance 1 sov., acceptance if sov , one mile; Flying Han dicap of 30 sovs., with a sweep of I sov. from starters, six furlongs; and the Forced Handicap of 30 bovs.-, with 1 sov. each added by winners, entrance 1| sov., one mils. Entries for the handicaps are to close on the 1st of Juty( and the general entry is to close on the 27th, wilh ths hon see., Mr. H. N. Garvan, Peel-street, Tamworth. Mr. T. 8, Clibbom, the secretary of the Australia* Jockey Club, mat with a nasty accident, when returning from the races on Saturday last. It appears that the buggy in which he was seated came into collision wilh ma omnibus and was completely overturned. The gentleman who Was with Mr. Clibbon escaped unhurt, but the latter was thrown on to his face which was cut in several places. At a meeting of the Murrnmbidgee Turf Club eommitte* held tin Tuesday, it was decided that tbe annual spring mast ing should be held on the 18th, 19th, and 20th November, and tbat both the Sires and the Mares' Produce Stakes shall be run at that meeting. It was further resolved that the added money should amount to £1850, or about £300 more Jthaa last year. A sub-committee was appointed to draw up twe programmes, one for six races and the other for seven rac«i each day, onu of which will be selected on the 16th Juna The nominations for the principal handicaps are to be in bj the llth August, the weights to be declared within a woei after the Sydney Spring Meeting, leaving the date of ao ceptance open for the present. The committee of the Mudgee Tattersali's Racing Clu_ met on Tuesday, and decided to hold a spring meeting, U take place on the 8th and 9th October next, when the following moneys will be run for : — Opening Handioap, £50; Bracelet, £50; Mudgee Tattersali's Handicap, £100 j Selling Bace, £100; Shorts Handicap, £50; Flying Han dicap, £50 ; Prince of Wales Stakes, £50 ; Spring Handi* cap, £100; District Purse, £50; Terminus Handicap £40. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held a sale of no*, horses at Tattersali's (Vic.), on Wednesday, at which there was a large attendance and for some of the' lots the bidding wae spirited. The St. Albans colL Bonnie Dundee, was bid up to 780 guineas, at which figure he was pasted in, tfc6 reserve being 900 guineas. It wac announced that tbe following were sold: — Tramp, 4 years, by Horatio — Little Footsteps, to Mr. Macklin. 3d guiwee; . Monarch, yearling, hi llananiiai ?—Little Footsteps, to Mr. Weeks, 35 guineas; Tamworth, 6 years, by King Cole — Novel Connexion, to Mr. Duffet, 20 guineas ; Clifton, 6 yeare, by faogerons, to Mr. Febon, 40 guineas ; the Ghost, years, by Hamlet— Mystery, to Mr. Hobson, 200 guineas; Grace Darling, 6 years, by The Diver — Zoe, to Sir. Fehon, 400 guineas ; Lucay Hit, 4 years, by King Gole— Targett, to Mr. J. Wilson. 400 guineas ; Peacock, 4 yeare, by Kingston, 35 guineas ; Ulverstone, 5 years, by Qaatle Hill — Early Morn, to Mr. T. Smith, 270 guineas : Iiittle King, aged, by Kingston, to Mr. H. Connelly, 20 guineas; Forward, by Tubal Coin —Coquette, to Mr. Dull, 79 guineas ; Royal Maid, 6 years, by Kingston — Maid of the Wimmera, to Mr. Cowan, 370 guineas ; King Charles, 6 years, by Talk of tbe Hiil —Pirate's Daughter, Mr. Dall, 10 guineas. Hunting men will be glad to hear that tbat Lieutenant H. P. Airey won the Milita.y Steeplechase at Suakim, wherein he must have met several officers known to cross country fame in England. General Graham remarked: — ' If you Australians can fight aa well as you can ride, you Trill give a good account of yourselves.' lieutenant Airey Vas a prominent member of the Sydney Hunt Club, and hold tbe position of master of the hounds for a season or 4wo. The horee he rode was ltobin Hood, lately the pro party of the Hon. John Ealea, and who was bo frequently ridden in the hunting held by Mr. S. Williams. A rather bard case ot a bookmaker's difficulties will pro bably be econ brought before the racing authorities. JLt appears tbat about 18 months ago the layer of odds referred to lost £1300, and had to pay the backer by instal ments. Up to the present date he has paid the whole sum, lees something like £46, but the backer appears to have become impatient, and is deter mined to get his money or stir up dirty water. The book maker in question complains that, in consequence of the layer having given the matter such publicity, he is unable to obtain various sums of money due to him. When he afts for a settlement he iB met with the reply, ' You have not paid up to Mr. So-and-So, and until you do i shall not settle with you.' The bookmaker showed me his settliDg-book the other day, and if tbe entries be torrect he is owed considerably more than £10,000 by the speculative public, and yet he cannot get a shilling of it in. It is tbe intention of Tattersali's Club to erect a monu ment over the grave of tbe late Mr. George Curtis, who for many years was an active member of committee. It is a graceful act on the part of the committee, and will, I am ?ure,~ meet with the approval of the general body. The Auckland Racing CJub are about to have a new grand stand erected at a cost of £6000, and the design of Messrs. Grainger and D'Ebro, of -Melbourne, has been eooepted. Mr. Edward Lee's yearling filly by Maribyrnong from Marchioness has been placed under tbe cafe of James Wilson, jun., and the young lady will go through her ctudies at Flemington. Childe Harold, a gelding, balf-brother to Newstead, was recently Bold in Adelaide for 39 guineas. Mr. James Wilson, of St. Albans has disposed of King of the Ring to Mr. Cooke, of Mnrndal. A local steeplechaser (writes our DeDiliquin correspon dent) has distinguished himself on two occasions recently in South Australia, the horse being Rob Roy, and the owner, Mr. Herrot, ot the Sportsman's Arms, Deniliquin. Twelve months ago be was sold by Messrs. L. M'Bean and Co., Woorooma station, for £56. His first win was at the last Boxing Day Meeting, at Deniliquin, when he carried off the prize for the Hurdle Race. He started a very warm favourite for several other events at different racecourses in Riverine since tben, but did cot win anything; and about \bree months ago he was sent to the Onkaparinga Meeting (6. A.). He then carried off the steeplechase, and more recently he pulled ofl the big steeplechase at the meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club on Saturday last. The late Q. T. C. Meeting was (says Hermit, Queens lac d Sportsman) not only a splendid success from a racing point of view, but has also proved most satisfactory finan cially, and I understand from Mr, Pountney that the result is a net profit to the club of about £700. Would it ncft be a good idea 4o have a day's racing at the time of the exhibition in .August next ? There will be plenty of horses about that would be glad of a chance of earning their oatB ; and there are always a lot of people in iown at this time, so tbat a -day's racing would hardly be likely to be run at a loss. Tbe show comes off on August 19 Ih and following days, so that tbe 18th would seem to be the most suitable date should the Q. T. C. see fit to fall in with the suggestion. £. G. Rex and tbe racehorse Defamation have been dis qualified for malpractices at the recent Warrnambool Meet ing. It is said that Rex intends to bring his cat-e before a court of law. Several of the sporting clubs in Manchester having Arranged for the results of the racing being sent by tele g&onic; communication from houses abutting on the oourse, the racecourse committee took steps to frustrate their designs. In front of the known or suspected centre® screens of canvas ?9r hoarding were erected, which effectually shut out from the windows any view of the racing or number-board, while, to prevent the wiring away by the reporters of runners in «ach event in time to allow of speculation away from the scene of action, -he windows of the weighing- room were frosted over. Winchester (late Manchester) who is engaged in the Vic torian Derby should be a clinker, for he is by St. George (a lull brother to Chester) from Miss Flat, the dam of Wel come Jack, and that should be good enough for anything. Coronet, Anchorite, Moonthee, Cole to un, and the others . of Mr. D. M. Robertson's string have taken up their quarters at liigby'e Btables, Newmarket. The favourite double in Adelaide fur the Victorian Derby and the Melbourne Cup would appear to be Newstead and Sardine. Gasconnade, by Talk o' the HfU from Hoyden, has nlso been supported for the ' Blue Ribbon ' np to 100 to 6. The Tasmanian horse Bonnie Dundee has arrived in Melbourne, and will shortly be brought untie? the hammer, again. It is said that Venetia has run her last raoe, and that she will now be relegated to the stud. She has ran several good races in her time, and her Oaks victory at the last V. R. C. Spring Meeting proved her to be a really good animal. Masootte will also have her resignation sent in, and it is said that she will be converted into a lady's hackney. Although the gray is quiet enough except in j company, the lady that she willoarry will have to have good I nerve and hand or there will be danger, f ot ths mate has a vile temper and will need careful handling. In consequence of die accident which befell Mr. Clibborn on Saturday last, his sale was kindly conducted by Mr. W. Garling on Monday, when tbe following horses changed hands :— B Ik o Thunderer (trotter), to Mr. G. B. Lowe for 42 guineas ; b g Quest's Own, 2 years (sister to King's Own), to Mr. G. Osborne for 110 guineas ; Moreesn, 4 Tears, to Mr. M'Carty for 69 guineas; Grisette, year ling, to Mr. J. AUsop for 30 guineas ; b f by Goldsbrough from Venus, to Mr. A. £. Corn well for IS guineas ; Femlea, to Mr. T. Coffey for 130 guineas; Wolseley, to Mr. Darcy for 50 guineas ; Camel, to Mr. Kennedy tor 29 guineas ; Mona fiilv. to Mr. F. Yeoman* for 27 guineas ; Fingal (the Steeplechaser), to Mr. Martin for 195 guineas. Now that the weather has cleared, the Liverpool Races should be a success to-day. The different' events are very open. A large field will strip for the June Handicap, for much Fuse, Leomeoh, and Wanda look best on paper; and if Storm starts tbe Public Auction Stakes should go down before him without an effort, -m(i in *»!? absence Favour and -Paul may have the best chance of fJumgiiig owners. Rainbow, Polestar, Leumeah, and Ellington have the most hearty appearance for the Winter Handicap; and Wanda, Favour, and Kingston may divide the placesinthe Selling Race ; while the Ladies' Bracelet promises to go to Gretna, Junius, or Binalong. In addition to the ordinary trains, a special will leave Redfem station at 11.20 a.m., rettii nicg at 5.5 p.m. Return, fares, first class, 4s.; second, 2s. Laud and Water thus depicts the changes that have taken place at tbe headquarters of English racing : — *' New- ' market itself is gradually undergoing a change, which is j hardly for the better. Rows upon rows of houses — mainly I devoted to letting lodgings, if one may judge by the bills in ' Ac windows— are in progress, and villas have been erected in the enclosures at the top of the town, on the left-hand side before reaching tbe cemetery. The course itself would not be recognised by the Admiral, were it possible for him to rise from beneath the turf he so much affected, for pali sading here, fencing there, rows of ♦dolls' everywhere, policemen all over the place, and enclosures on the near side down to the end of the Ditch Mile meet the eye. The old freedom which used to prevail, tbe mad haste to get from the paddock to the betting ring, end vice vert A, the ease with which the competitors could b-» looked at through the railings of tbe Birdcage, the hundred and one odds and ends which made Newmarket the ' paradise of horse -racing,' all gone for ever, and. instead of this, the exclusiveness, the bottling up of everything unless paid for — ' here a fee, and there a fee, and everywhere a fee ' — even the privilege to walk upos. or across the course, as at Epsom, Doncaster, AEcot, Goodwood, all tabooed; end the contemptible reign of a tate-money meeting, pure and simple, with the de gradation of a half-crown ring, set up instead. The old order of things was better than tbe new.' The 6ame journal thus discourses on some of the prin cipal events at tbe Newmarket Craven Meeting -- ' Delightful spring weather was associated with the opening days of the Newmarket Craven Meeting, and the superiority of the sport to that of last year was strikingly displayed, thus endorsing the judgment of the Jockey Club in their alterations of the programme. The Rowley Mile was the scene of the first encounter, the Trial Stakes, which, with Sir Reuben an absentee, was deemed by the talent a cer tainty for either Cambusmore or Lady Beatrice, between wbom there was little to choose in price. The winner, how ever, most unexpectedly turned up in Bellona, a dark daughter of Lord Gough— Metz, from the Heath House stable, whom Cambusmore just tailed to catch by a head. The winner's only engagements are the Epsom Grand Prize and tbe Newmarket October Handicap, so when submitted at auction she failed to command a bid at her entered telliDg price of £1000. The 27th contest for the Newmarket Biennial Stakes was next decided, and again the race was won by a horse engaged in the Derby, though it is extremely problematical whether Gracchus will ditpel the omen clinging to the gainer of ihesi stakes by securing the blue ribbon. Caractacus, Blue Gown, Favonius, and George Frederick, all winners of the Derby, could do no more than get places in the Biennial, but n» winner of the Biennial has succeeded in winning the Derby, though there can be no doubt that Pero Uomez ought to have won it easily, and many spectators thought absolutely did win, in Pretender's year. There has, however, been a great falling off in quality amongst the competitors for this contest during the last 10 years, as during that decade the only runner who has subsequently shown the highest class form is Robert the Devil, who ran Becond to the little Apollo in 1880. The only two starters in the Biennial that had shown any public merit were Langweli and Gracchus, and they naturally held the two premier positions in the pi ice current, but the former's credentials were so superior that be started a good favourite, though penalised 51b. for previous successes. The son of SpriDgfield, however, though appearing as if he, would win easily in descending the hill, died away after - waids, and could only finish third to Gracchus and Aveline. Langwell may not be quite cherry ripe, but we do not expect to see him follow in the footsteps of George Frederick, who, after finishing third in this race to the deadheaters, Miss Toto and Reverbera tion, won the Derby for the late Mr. Cart wright in 1874. J 'i he winner is a bloodlike dark bay son of Doncaster and (as his name implies) Cornelia, whom we used to distin guish in our schoolboy days as the mothei of the Gracchi.' In the Double Trial Plate Assignation again bore testimony to the Bard's merits, as none of the young sters could extend the penalised daughter of Mask ; and then came the first day's piece de resistance, the Crawford Plate, for which 19, or two less than last year, weighed out, about a moiety of which number received substantial sup port, Macbeath, Prince (who ran away with the race in 1884), Scot Free, and Boulevard carrying the most money. The success of Mr. M&ntonin; this plate would have been peculiarly appropriate; but tbe favourite. Macheath, oould only gain third position, whilst Prince failed by three-parts of a length to repeat his victory. The winner turned up in the lightly- weighted four-year-old, Ordovix, who started at the hopelessly sounding price of 50 to 1, and it is the casual running of such animals as tbe son of Springfield tbat makes the profession of bookmaking such a lucrative one.' The following notice of motion by Lord Cadogan was to have been brought under the notice of the English Jockey Club during the Newmarket Spring Meeting : — ' To add to rule 41 : In all selling races every horse engaged and not struck out shall be liable to be claimed before the race by the owner of any other horse remaining engaged for the value of the raoe and double the amount for which the horse is entered to be sold, half of which latter shall go to race fund ; such claim to be made in writing to the clerk of I the scales during the 15 minutes preceding the time fixed I for weighing under rule 31, and during which time no [ horse can be scratched. A horse claimed before the race cannot run, but the claimer shall pay his forfeit and en trance money, and take his engagements if a condition of the raoe. It more than one claim, to be settled by lot. When a horse has been claimed before a race, such race shall not be void, but the added monev rkall be given even for a walkover. No horse to be entered for a selling race ' not to be sold.' ' Lord Cadogan having accepted the Duke of St Alban's amendment, published in the last Calendar, it is now embodied in tbe above motion. 