[CONTINUED FKOM WEDNESDAY'S SUITLEMENT.] MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT, . AUTHORESS OF " JACOBl's WIFE," ETC. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER IX.-THE OTUER SIDE. I Cicely's disappointment in Mr. Giles King lake's demeanour led her to welcome his promised visit next day with very little plea sure, although her manner remained studiously, and even anxiously, courteous to him. He seemed bent solely on thoughts of business-ho made notes, measurements and drawings, vuid when he rame in to lunch at her invitation he talked a gootl deal about recent literature with Mrs. Le Broton, whom ho appeared to find a very interesting com panion, and very littlo about the work that he was doing amongst " the manor-houses of Kent." At another time Cicely would have been pleased to listen to him, for he talked unaffectedly and well about subjects in which she was at home; but she was rather put out of tune by the discovery that she had lavished a good deal of sympathy wliero it was not needed, and, although she vowed herself heartily glad ot the fact, it was not in human nature that she should be devoid of some consciousness of humiliation. She was quieter and graver, therefore, than usual; and Giles Kinglako would cer tainly have set her down for a child of seven teen had he not known from various other facts that she must be over that age. Ho went back to his work after luncheon expect to see no more of her; but it happened that about four o'clock the two encountered each other in the garden, at a point which King lako would scarcely have reached had he not well remembered his way about the grounds. He raised his hat when he saw Cicely, and apologised. " I was trying to take the short cut from the house to the church, Miss Lorraine," he said. "You have blocked up the gate, I see, at this end of the grounds." " Yes," said Cicely, briefly. "Papa wished I to keep the village people out. They made I a thoroughfare of the garden." "Just so. Then I must go round by tho road?" " There is a littlo gato further on," sajd Cicely, in a somewhat ill-assured voice. "It has only been made lately; although my father consented to it beforo ho died. I we-thought that tho people were incon venienced by the change, and we wanted to keep everything as it had been in the old days-in tho days of your family." " It looks to me as if things were a great deal bettor managed now than they were in our day," said Kinglako, as ho followed Cicely down a narrow track through a fir plantation which led to the gate in the fence. " I do not think that you need regret the past, Miss Lorraine." "But surely you must regret it!" said Cicely, indignantly. " I'm afraid I don't. I never regretted Ladywoll Priory in the least, if that is what you mean." " But haven't you any sense of old associa tions when you come here ? 1 often wish that tho Grange was mine ; there are real memories of our own people connected with it. I like it much better than the Priory. I like to be amongst my own people, and I should have thought, Mr. Kinglake, that you would like it too." There was distinct roproach in Cicely's tone. She resented his hardness of heart with respect to old associations as if it had been an injury done to herself. " I am still amongst my own people-so far as I have any," said ho meditatively. " All this relations that I have are with me in London, Miss Lorraine. I have made my own associations." " Ah, but think of all the ghosts that you have left behind ?" cried Cicely. " I hope my ghosts don't annoy you," said Mr. Kinglake. "In my time they were very quiet and well-bred. Thoy never came unin vited." Cicely was obliged to laugh. " I feel as if you should have taken your spectres with you," she said. " I fancy it is only the ghosts of one's own relations that are tolerable." ? "Perhaps so." Then ho was silent and seemed to reflect a little. " I'll toll you how I should get rid of them, Miss Lorraine. I should re-furnish the place completely. I should lay bare tho picture gallery and fill it with really good paintings; in fact, I should banish all trace of tho past from every part of tho house, and 'restoro' it after the newest fashion. It must be very disagreeable to live in a place where the existence of former j occupants is forced upon you whether you like it or not." "Do you mean," said Cicely,, slowly, " that you would feel no regrot at all if. we changed everything in tho place that remin ded people of j'our family ? that, supposing we had at onco called 'in Maple-or Morris even-and metamorphosed every room in the house, you would absolutely-not-mind ?" For the first time Mr. Kinglako hesitated and pulled his beard a little doubtfully. They had both halted near tho gate which opened upon tho high road, and wore facing each other. Cicely's eyes were fixed earnestly upon his face-it was plain that the question was one of no trivial importance to her. Giles Kinglake's look was bent upon the ground. " I won't aay," he answered at last, " that I should like to seo so complete a change as the one you seem to suggest. I should per haps feel that it was a pity to sweep away anything that might be called of historic in terest. But it seems to me. Miss Lorraine, if you will forgive me for saying so, that you have been preserving things that are of very little value; and my advice to you would be to keep only the things you like for their own sake, not the things that you think tho for mer occupants cared for." " 1 think everybody with any taste prefers old things that have a history to the brand new, Bhining, varnished articles out of an upholsterer's shop," said Cicely, with some defiance of manner. "Of course. But there is a point wliero new furniture becomes necessary," said King lake, dryly. There was another pause, and then Cicely laughed, and seemed to regain her usual gay good-humour. " I was afraid that you would look with scorn on our modern innovations," she said. " Not at all. I like modern innovations." " Unromantic though they may be ?" " I'll tell you what it is, Miss Lorraine," said Giles, with decision which was not de void of bluntness; " I don't think you know or can imagine what a life ours was during tho last few years of our stay here, or you would never expect me to have kept up a sentimental fondness for tho place. Do you know what poverty is ? Can you guess what it is to have a big place like this which you can't keep up, and to live in constant fear that tho bailiffs may appear in your drawing-room any morning ? or to know that members of your family-your mother, per haps, or your sisters-are suffering for want of money which the sale of tho house would put into your hands 1 I was a precocious boy, and I felt these matters very keenly; and it was to me like tho lifting of a great load from my shoulders wlien my father made up his mind to soli tho place, pay his debts, and livo quietly abroad. He felt the change, and I believe that my mother felt it too; but, to tell the truth, I didn't." " Now I-understand," said Cicely. Giles Kinglake did not look as if ho heeded her response. His face was turned from her, his brow bent, his eye fixed ou a distant point before, him A new thought crossed Cicely's mind. Sho spoke hastily. " Come down this walk with me. I must show you something. I want to know whether I have' done right in this." Ho followed her, scarcely noticing whither she wa3 leading him, until they reached a plot of ground divided into three or four flower-beds ,vith walks between them, and a low wooden bench under a weeping-willow at the side. Kinglake's eyes brightened as he looked at the beds and then into Cicely's face, but ho said nothing. "Is it true what Entrant told me?" she began, eagerly. " Were these not little ohildron's gardens ? I did not like to disturb them ; but now I do not know-" Sho stopped short, and Kinglake answered her with a grateful look. "Yes, these were our gardens when wo were children. There were four of us." " Farrant said that these two belonged to your sisters-the little ones who died," said Cicely, colouring and speaking in a low voice. "I thought when I came hero first that as they had beoti kept unchanged so long I would keop thorn too. But this morning I wondered whether I had not been mis taken." " No, you were not mistaken," said Giles, absently. This was Ella's plot, and the other was Kate's. Thoy died of scarlet fever when, they wore seven and nine years old. They were both buried in tho churchyard." Ho paused a moment and then looked into Cicely's sympathetic face. "That was why I .meant to go to tho churchyard. I re member my little sisters Tory well." " The other plots belonged lo you and your brother, did they not 1" "Yes; that one in tho corner was Frank's Ho fell in a skirmish with a hill tribe in India ten years ago. We planted that willow tree together." Thero was a silence, Tho tears were very near Cicely's eyes. Mr. Kinglake seemed unconscious of her presence. He paced round the little garden walks, ex amined some initials-" G. K." and "F. K." -roughly cut upon the bench, and plucked a leaf or two from the willow tree. IIi3 face was quiet and grave-a little moved, perhaps -and for a long time he said nothing. At last he returned to Cicely's side, and spoke in his usual clear and open fashion. " Thank you, Miss Lorraine," he said. "I don't mind what you do about tho Chippen dale chairs or the portraits of my ancestors, but I do like to see these little gardens still undisturbed, and I feel deeply obliged to you for keeping them as thoy were." . " I will always keep them so," said Cicely, " and if there is anything else that I can do -anything that you would like unt-.niched I shall be glad to carry out your wishes." "There is nothing else, thank you. But don't feel bound to keep these plots if you want the ground for anything else, Miss Lor raine, just because of an association which is, of course, nothing at all to you. I confess that it has been a pleasant surprise to mo to find them looking so much .is they used to do ; but after all it signifies very little whether they'ara here or not. Thoy will always exist unchanged in my memory, and if I close my eyes I shall always be able to see Frank trundling a wheelbarrow down the path, and the twolittle girls shaking seeds into the soft black mould." " They shall never be altered in my time," said Cicely, with great earnestness, as they walked away. "And Mr. Kinglake, we shall always bo pleased to see you here when 1 you are in the neighborhood. Even when I : am away in the autumn, if you let my cousin Philip know beforehand that you wish to go over the house, he would send word to the housekeeper. Perhaps your family- your relations-would also like to 3ee it." " You are very kind. Miss Lorraine; but | the exigencies of my life don't often allow me to make such expeditions. I am very I much obliged, to you for your kind oiler. I and my-my family "-something of a smile stirred the corners of his lips as he adopted her expression-"are very quiet, stay-at home people. And now you must allow me to say good-bye, and to thank you again for your kind care of those little plots of ground. My mother often used to wonder -whether the new owners of the place had dug them up, or left them untouched." " I wish she had known," said Cicely, re membering that Mrs. Kinglake had died abroad some years before. " I wish so too," said Kinglake soberly. Then tligy parted-he bending his steps to wards the church, and thence to tho railway station, and she to tho house, which sho scarcely knew yet whether she liked the better or tho worse for Mr. Giles Kinglake's visit. At any rate, she was freed from the yoke that she had imposed upon herself for so long. The fear of tho Kinglakes was no more before her eyes. The one remaining repre sentative of tho family had quite dissipated her sentimental reverence for its memories. She would be misled no longer by servants' tales; sho Jtnew better now what the Kinglakes were, and what they wished to have preserved. She would cortainly keep the gardens unchanged ; she would also look after tho graves of the two little sisters in I Ladywell Churchyard. She would do exactly | what Mr. Kinglake advised and wished, and nothing more. - I In short, Cicely transferred her allegiance from the house of Kinglake in general to Mr. | Giles Kinglake in particular, without being at all aware that she had done so. Meanwhile Giles Kinglake went home to "his family," which occupied with him. a small red-brick house in a London suburb. His visit to Ladywell apparently afforded him some food for reflection. As he travelled up to town in a third- class carriage, ho sat with his eyes fixed on the banks and meadows which ho was passing, and seemed absorbed in thought. But before half tho journey was over he shook off the sombre mood that op pressed him, and devoted himself to the perusal of a book which he was about to re viow. It was eight o'clock when he reached home, and by that timo Ladywell Priory and its mistress had become of far less engrossing interest to him than the scenes and the cha racter of tho romance that ho was reading. Giles Kinglake's family did not appear to be a largo one. Ho was admitted by an old woman in a white cap, who uttered a few words of greeting, and bade him wipo his feet upon the mat, as if he were only ten years old. A dog came out and leaped upon him, but no one elso appeared, or gave any sign of greeting. Kinglake ran upstairs for a moment, and spoke to tho occupant of ouo of the upper rooms, then came down and ate a frugal and solitary dinner with the old woman, Hannah, and Laird, the collie dog, in atten dance. Ho read steadily throughout the meal, and only spoko at its close. " I have boon to Ladywell to-day, Han nah," ho said. " You, Mr. Giles T" .' Yes, I went on business. You will be glad to hear that the place is well kept up, and has a good mistress." " Is it very much changed ?" asked Han nah, in a low, unwilling tone, as hor master again took up his book. " Very little, I think. You m'ny go and see it if you liko, Hannah ; Miss Lorraine would not mind, I am sure." " It's not very likely that I should go near the place, now that it's gone into tho hands of strangers," said Hannah, dryly. "I won der you could bear it yourself, Mr. Giles." Ho laughed a little. " I tell you I went on business, Hannah. I can't afford to be sentimental." Hannah Bnorted contemptuously as she wont out of the room. " He .vouldn't always have.been so close," sho murmured, whilo sho busied herself in the kitchen. " He used once to talk much more free and open than ho does now. It's my belief that if lie was fretting his very life ! out he'd never say a word, for fear of hurting the blessed lamb upstairs. And there's another life which will perhaps be lost for want of country air, and good food and money, such as the .old master squandered by liandfuls in his early days ! Eh, me ! it's a weary world, and a weary one to him, al though ho don't choose to show it. He'd bo bettor, mebbe, if ho did. There ho goes up stair 3 to tho blessed lamb at last. lie's boon longer than usual to-night." Giles Kinglake opened a door and ontered a room which he called his study. Tho even ing had grown chilly, and a fire had been lighted ; it threw a pleasaut glow ovor tho little, low room with its dark-rod curtains, well-filled book shelves, and the square, old fashioned writing table, heaped with papers and books. A broad, comfortablo sofa stood between alio window and the lire. Here, propped up with cushions, lay a little, pale faced boy of nine years old. This boy, Wil fred, constituted, together with Hannah and Laird, the whole of Giles Kinglake's "family." He was a pretty boy, with great, soft, dark eyes and waving, golden-brown hair, but his face was sadly pale and thin, and his blue veined hands showed the feebleness of long continued ill-health. He looked up, how ever, when Kinglake entered with the brightest and cheeriest of glances. "You've been an awful long time over your dinner, dad," he began. "I thought you'd forgotten me." " Did you over know me to do that?" said Giles, with a smile. He came closo to the boy and patted his head as he spoke, and then stooped to kiss his forehead. " I'm always afraid you will do so, sooner or later," said Will. " You're away for such long times, and I ran't come with you. What were you doing yesterday, father, dear ? I was asleep when you came home." " And asleep when I went away this morn ing, you lazy little chap. Where do you think I went, boy ? To the placb you are so fond of dreaming about-Lady well." " Oh, father ! And you didn't tell mo you were going !" Will's face clouded over ; he looked very much inclined to cry. " Why, you silly boy," said Giles, kindly, " it would have done no good if I had told you. I hardly expected even, to go through the house or the grounds, so I thought that I should only be preparing a disappoint ment for you if I led you to think that I should do so." He had seated himself at the boy's side, and was holding one of the thin little hands between his own. Will spoke imperiously. " Daddy, dear, you may just get your pipe and smoke and tell me all about it. You must have lot3 to say." "I'm afraid I haven't," said Kinglake ; " but I'll smoke for ha'lf-an-hour before you go to your bed, old chap, and answer any questions you like to ask." He went to tho mantlepiece, choso out and lighted his favor ite briar- root pipe, and come back to the boy's sofa with it in his mouth, puffing and exclaiming between his teeth as he re-seated himself, " I've got to be put through my catechism now, I suppose. Go ahead, Will." "What did you go for?" said Will, curiously. " Gougli's book. You know it; about the manor-houses. A stupid compilation. I couldn't well leave out the Priory, you know, Will." " And did you go all over the house and grounds ?" " I went over the lower part of the house. Not upstairs." " Not upstairs ? Oh, daddy dear! Not up stairs to see the nurseries, where you and Uncle Frank used to play." " Well, you see, Will, I rather shirked it. What was the good of seeing the changes that must have been made ? You would not like it half so well if you were told that the little cane bedsteads had been taken away, and the high brass fendor had disappeared, and the rocking-horse stood no longer on the old land ing. No, boy, let us imagine that things are exactly as they were twenty-three years ago, if we can, and keep Ladywell Priory as our own particular and especial castle in Spain." " But things were much altered downstairs, father ?" "Not so much as I expected." And then Mr. Giles Kinglake, who had seemed so very indifferent to the chauges which Cicely had pointedoutto him, proceeded to recount them all in minutest detail to his little son. Will listened with glowing eyes and chang ing colour. It was plain that lie knew the Priory almost as well from description as if he had spent his whole life there. When King lake paused, he interposed an eagorquestion. "And the little gardens, father? You saw them 1" "Yes, Will. The weeping-willow is quit;? a tree now. I brought a twig of it away for you. The letters on tho bonch are as clear as ever they wero. And the rose-bush in Aunt Ella's garden, which Frank and I planted you know, wrs covered with great red rose3. I wish I could have brought some away for you, old boy, but I did not like to ask." " Of course, not," said Will, quito indig nantly. "I should not have liked you to ask for anything, or to accept anything, from those horrid Lorraines." "I have no doubt,1' said Tvinglake with some compunction, "that Miss Lorraine would have sent you some if she had known of your cxistonce, Will. She was taking great care of the little gardens, for the sake of the childrou that she had heard of from the village people'." "We are remembered there, then?" said Will. "I knew we were; although you always said that everybody had forgotten us. Don't you think, father, dear, that when you have made a lot of money by writing books, and grown quite famous, you will be able to buy back Ladywoll Priory again, and go and live there ?" " I'm afraid not, Will," replied his father, sadly. " Wo must make up our mind that Lady well has done with us, and we with Ladywell. I don't regret it- except for you." He looked tenderly at the delicato little lad's pale face, and said 110 more. "When I'm a man," said Will, "I shall see whether I can't get back Ladywell Priory, if you won't, father. But I believe you will." (To ha continued.) 