A Dead Man's Face. A GHOST STORY. '-Br HE AcrTHOR OF "CA.LLED BA~K." (Concluded.) Both bride and bridegroom said their "I wills" in such low tones that I could scarcely hear their voices. Then, in pursuance of my duty, I gave the woman to the priest. He joined the hands of Claud and Judith. . After having played my little part I had not moved lbck to my former station. I was now close to the bride, and as Claud turned to her, could see his face to advantage. It was posi tively distorted with suppressed emotion of some kind. His mouth was set, and I could ee that his teeth were closed on his under ' lip. He did not look at his fair bride. His gaze passed over her shoulder. In fact, he oeemed almost oblivious to her presence. I was dreadfully frightened. The clergnyanns voice rang out: "I, Claud, take thee, Judith, to my wedded wife." Then, hearing no echo of his words, he paused. "IRepeat after me," he prompted. Again he began, "I, Claud--" But his voice was drowned in a louder one, which rang through the empty church. With a'fierce cry, as of inexupressible rage, Claud had thrown the bride's hand from him, and was pointing and gesticulating toward the wall, ' upon which his eyes had been riveted. "Hero! -even here!" he almost shrieked. "That cursed, white, wicked, dying face! Vlose is it? Why doesit come bettween me m:aid moy love? Mad! and ! I am going mad I" I heeded not the clergyman's look of dismay, or the bride's cry of distress. I thought of nothing but my unfortunate brother. Hero, at the moment which should be the happiest he had yet known, the gruesome hallueina tionhadcome back tohim. I threwmy arms round him and tried to calm him. "'It is fancy, dearboy," I said. "In a mo ment'it willbe gone." "Gone! Why does it come? What have I todo with this dying man? Look, Frank, look Something tells me if you look you will see it. There! thre ! Look there !" His eyes were ever fixed on the same point. " He grasped my arm convulsively. aam ahasmed to say that I yielded, and looked in \---the direction of his gaze. 4 : "There is nothigthere," I said, soothingly. = a "Lookl" he exclaimed. 'Itwillcome to yon as to me." ,:1 _ It mayhave been the hope of convincing "'laiid of the illusionary nature of the sight which tormented him, it may have been some :.strange fascination wrought by his- words and manner, which made me for some moments gaze with him. God of Heaven! I saw gradually forming out of nothing, gathering on the blank wal in front of me, a face, or the semblance of a face, white, ghastly, horrible ! Long, dank, wet-looking dark hair, eyes start ing from their sockets, lips working-the whole appesrance that of the face of a man \--:,who is struggling with death in every detail i?a Claud had described it. And yet tome lht face was more terrible than ever it could have been to Claud. " I gazedinhorror. I felt my eyes growing riveted to the sight as his osnm-. I felt my whole frame trembling.. I knew that in another moment I should be raving as wildly as he raved. Only his hoarse whisper recalled mu to my senses. "You see?: he asked, or rather asserted. i Horror forced the truth from me. "Isee, or fancy I see," I answered. "Wi Vith a wild laugh Cland broke" frmosme. He rushed down the church and disappeared. 'As he left me, the face, thank Heaven ! faded 'from the wall, or from my imagination. I turned to my companions. ,Judith Des S' pard was lying in a dead swoon, on the altar steps; the curate with trembling hands was ]ooseing the throat of her dress. 'I called for ::water. The sexton brought it. I bathed the :o, oor woman's temples, and in a few minutes Sshe sighed, opened her eyes, nand then shud dered v I took her in my arm and staggred to the church door. The curate removed his surplice and followedme. I placedmy almost Ssenseless burden in the carriage. " For Heaven's sake, see her home,"I said to the curate. "I must go and look after my brother. As soon as I have seen him I will come round to Mrs. Despard's. Get her home :: 'qniely. `The coachman iknows where to go." The brougham drove off. :I threw myself into a cab, and drove toward Claud's rooms. I hoped he might have gone straight there. ,: To my great relief, when I ideaced his house ihe was on the door-step., We entered his room together; he sank wearily into a chair, and buriedhis -face in-his hands. ,I was Scarcly, less agitated than himself, and my .fnace, as'I caught its reflection in :the mirror, -' s-us white as his own. I waited for him to -n; Preseitly he raised his head. "Go to her," he said. "Ask her why that face comes be ,:tween us?'!P You caw it-even you. It can be . no fancy of mine.. Tell her we can meet no wi,; I wil wait until you.are calmer before I "' Calm' I am myself now. The thing has left me, as it always does. Frank, I have hid 'den from you one peculiarity of myostate. That awful face never shows itself to me un less I am in her company.' Even at the altar ; it came between us. " Go to her; ask her why it comes." . . ,., :am ashamed to re-assert it; I am willing to own that excitement, my brother's impres sive manner, superstition which I did not knosroI posased- anything that may bear a natural explanation-may have raised that vision. But why should that phantom, gather ing nandgrowing .from nothing until it at tuined to form, .or at ýleast semblance, have Ibeen, the face:of one I had known? ,WVhy should the features distorted in deadly,agony have been those of my brother Stephen! For his was the, dreadful face which Glaud's ' promptings or my own imagination had raised. Almost like'one in a dream I went to do Claud's bidding. I was thankful, upon reach ' 'in? sr.D)espaed'e, to find that she had gone :to her room; and left word that she could see Sno one to-ay. 'This gave me time to consider the position. A :Aet ona sudden impulse,'I went to the telegraph office, and sent instructions to my wife to forward me, bypassenger train, a small box in which I kept old letters and papers. 'Then I"went back to Claud, and after some persuasion induced him to leave town at once. I told him I would arrange everything on the morrow. He was better away. In the morning my box arrived. In it I found what I wanted. After the calm effects of a night's rest I felt ashamed of my weakness as I drew fromold letters a photograph of my brother Stephen-one taken about two years 'before the report of his death reached us. NevertheleSs 1 put the portrait in my pocket, snid about noon went to irs. Desparde. I was'at once admitted, andin aofew minutes she came td me. She looked worn and 1hag ard, as if sleep had not visited her for nights. Dark'eircles had formed round her fine eyes; lines seemed to have deepened round her firm, ijasdditiiat mouth. She advanced eagerly to wsrd me and held out her hand. I took it in silence- Indeed, I scarcely know what to say or how to act. :"Whenreis Claud?" she asked, in a quick voice but scarcely above a whisper. ." He has left town for a few days." :Shepresoedherhandto her heart. "Does thatnmean I ehall see him no more?" " I aim afraid I must sa it does. He thinks it betei you should part. She gave a slarp cry," and walked up tnd doxuwthe room n'inennig her hands. Her his m'oed rapidly, and I knew she was muttering many words, but in no los a key that I could niotcatchtheirmeaning. Suddenly shestopped, ind turned upon me fiercely. "Is this by your counsel and advice!" she demanded. "No. It is his own unbiassed decision." "Why!?--tell me why? lie loved me-I love lhim. Why does he leave mee" The passionate entreaty of her voice is inde s:ribable. What could I say to her? Words stuck inmy throut. It seemned the height of absurdity for a sane man to give a sane women the true reason for Claud's broken faith. I stammered out something about his bad state of health. H:; 'If he is ill, I will nurschim," she cried. "I will wait for years if hIe w give me hope. Dr. Morton, I love Claud as I never before loved a man." She claspedher hands and looked imploringly into my face. In a mechanical way Idrew the portrait of my dead brother from my breast. She saw the action. " His likeness " she cried,'joyfully. "He sends it to me ! Ah, he loves me !" I handed her the photograph. " Mrs. Des pard," I asked, "do you know-" I did not finish the question, yet it was fully answered. Never, I believe, save then, did a human face undergo such a sudden, frightful change. The woman's very lips grow ashen, her eyes glared into mine, and b saw them full of dread. She staggered- all but fell. Why is it here-who is it?" she gasped out. I was a prey to tile wildest excitement. To what revelation was this tending? what awful thing had I to learn ? "Listen," I said, sternly. "Woman, itis for you to answer that question. It is the face of this man, his dying face, that comes between you and your lover. ' "Tell mo his name." I read rather than heard the words her dry lips formed. "The name he was once known by was Stanley." A quick, sharp shudder ran through her. Fora nmooment I thought she was going to faint. "He is dead," she said. " nWhy does he come between my love and ne ? Others have loved or said they loved me since then. They saw no dead faces. Had I loved them I might have nmarried and been happy. Claud I love. Why does the dead man trouble him?" "'That man," I replied, "was my brother Claud's brother." She threw out her arms with a gesture of utter despair. "Your brother-Claud's bro ther !" she repeated. Then she fixed her eyes on mine as if she would read the secrets of my soul. "You are lying," she said. "I anm not. H was our eldest brother. He left England years ago. He passed under a false name. He died. When and how did he die ?" She sank, a dead weight, into a chair; but still she looked at me like one under a spell. I seized her wrist. "Tell me, wonman," I cried-" tell me what this man was to you: why his dying face comes to us? the truth-speak the truth.' She seemed to cower beneath my words, but her eyes were still on my face. "Speak !" I cried, fierely, and tightening my grasp upon her wrist. At last she found wovrds. "He was my husband; I killed him," she said, in a strange voice, low yet perfectly dis tinct. I recoiled in horror. This woman, the widow and self-confessed murderess of one brother, within an ace of being the wife of the other! " You murdered hu ?n! I said, turning to the woman "I murdered him. He made my life a hell upon earth. He beat me, cursed me, ruined me. He was the foulest-hearted fiend that ever lived. I killed him." No remorse, no regret, in her words. Quite overcome, I leaned against the chimney-piece. Bad ao I knew Stephen Morton to have been, I could at that moment only think of him as a gay, lighthearted schoolboy, my elder brother, and in those days a perfect hero in my eyes. No wonder my heart was full of vengeance. Yet even in the first flush of my rage I knew that I could do nothing. No human justice could be meted out to this woman. There was nothing to prove the truth of her self-accusa tion. She would escape scot- free. " Would that I could avenge his death!" I said, sullenly. She sprang to her feet. Her dark eyesblazed. "Avenged !" she cried. " Is it not doubly, trebly avenged? Has he not taken all 1 care for in life from me? Has he not taken my love from my side? Coward in life, coward in death. When I hilled him I k-newhe would tryto come back to me. He has tried foryears. Ah, I was too strong for him. I could banish the face with which he strove to haunt me. I could forget. I could love. .I could have been happy. Yet he has conquered at last, Not me---he could not conquer me-but the one I love Oh, the coward is avenged !" ,In spite of my feeling of abhorrence, I gazed on:the speaker in amazement. Her words were not those of one who had committed a black crime, butof one who had suffered wrong. The strange, fanciful idea that the dead man had been trying to haunt her, but had been kept at bay by her strong will, was in my ex perience unprecedented. As I saw the agony of mind under which she was laboring, the thought came to me that her words were true, that my brother'sdeath was this day avenged. I resolved to leave her. I could gain no good by prolonging the painful scene. She was still pacing the room in fierce pas sion. Suddenly she stopped short, and in thrilling accents began to speak. It seemed as if he she had forgotten my presence. "See," she cried, "the river bank-the dark rushing stream. All, we are all alone, side by side, far away from every one. Fool ! if you coild read my heart, would you walk so near to the giddy brink Do you think the memory of the old love will stay my hband when the chance comes? Oldloveis dead: you beat it, cursed it to death. How fast does the stream run? - Can a strong man swim against it? Oh, if I could be sure-sure that one pushl would end it all and give me freedom ! Once I longed for Iove-your love. Now I long for death-your death. Oh, brave swift tide, are you strong enough to free me for ever? Hark I I can hear the roar of the rapids in the distance. There is a deep fall from the river cliff; there are rocks. Fool! You stand at the very edge, and look down. The moment is come. Ah !" With her last exclamation she used a violent gesture, as if pushing something fiercely from her. She was, I knew, in her excitement, re acting the tragedy. "Free ! free ! free !" she cried, with a delirious, almost rapturous laugh, and clasping her hands. "Hold him, brave stream! Sweep him away. See! he swnims; but he dare not swim with you. You are hurrying down to the rapids. He must face you, and wrestle with you for his life. Bear him down; keep himhn from me. If he masters you, he will land and kill me. Hold him fast, brave stream ! Ha! his strength fails. He is swept away; he is under. o, I seehim again. He turns his face to me. He knows I did it. With his last breath he is cursing me. His last breath! he is gone, gone for ever I am free." The changes in her voice, ranging from dread to tearful joy, her passionate words, her elo quent gestures, all these combined to bring the very scene before my eyes. I stoodspell-bound, and, even as she described it, seemed to see the unfortunate man battling for dear life in the rushing stream, growing every moment weaker and weaker. As the woman's lastwild exclamation-" Gone for ever ! I am free!" rang through the room, I seemed to hear the cry of despair drowned as the waves closed over the wretched man's head. I knew every detail of my brother's fate. I turned to leave the room. I longed to get away, and if possible to banish the events of the day from my mind. It was not given me to be Stephen Morton's avenger. My hand was on the door, when the woman sprrang to my side. She grasped my arm and drew me back into the room. "Look !"she whispered. "Do yousee it? There! The face-that awful face ! It has come at lost to me. The man has conquered. There! look! His eyes glaring, his mouth mocking. Now it haso once come, I shall see it alwrys--alvays. Look!" SNo, I was not doomed again to see or to fancy I saw that face. Its miassion, so far as I was concerned, was at an end. But the look of concentrated horror which Judith Despard casot at the wall of the room beggars descrip tion. Then with a piteous cry she fell at my feet, anmd seemed to strive to make me shield her from somsething slhe dreaded. I raised her. She broke from my grasp, and again fell on the floor, this time mn paroxysms of madness. My tale is ended. That night she was re moved to a private lunatic asylum, where for three years she was kept at my expense. She died raving mad, and from inquiries Imade 1I know that from the moment whien it first ap peared to her to the hour of her death the face of the man she had killed was ever with Judith Despard. 