OFFICIAL DISPATCHES'. The promised Blue Book on. Central Asia j was issued on Saturday. The book consists ] of 197 pages, and the dispatches run from Da- | cember, 18S3, down to April 7, 1533. The latest and most important incidents are not, therefore, referred to in these dispatches. The following extract of a report from Colonel Stewart, dated Mohsinabad, February 13, 1S84, received April 9, shows clearly that on the date of the report Penjdeh was Afghan territory under Afghan administration: — ' Mir Osman Khan, the Afghan Governor of Penjdeh, has returned to Herat, as he found that the Sarik Turkomans of Penideh were not fully obedient to his orders and that they had only paid him a portion of the revenue due by them. As the Governor of Herat felt that this ?was not an opportune moment for enforcing the payment of revenue ia full bv the PenjcUh Sarik, he wrote to Yalar.tusk Khan, the JsnjEhidi chief consmflndino-at Bala Murghab, telling him that Penjdeh was under his orders and to make the best arrangement he could. Talantush Khan, also considering that the iime was not opportune for the collection of the balance of the Penjdeh revenue, . or for carrying out coercive measures against- the Turkomans of Penjdeh, contented himself with sending one of his follo-svers to reside at Penjdeh in the house of a cliief favorable to the Afghan role, to keep him fully informed o£ all that passed.' Other proof as'to Penjdeh being Afghan territory is contained m tr.vo other documents. One is a telegram from Lord Granville to Sir E. Thornton, dated the 24th of April, in. which he sajrs he accepts M. de Giers's proposal to open up negotiations for delimiting the frontier, but expresses a hope that it is not true that Russia ha3 sent ag- ents to 'the Afghan districts' of Penjdeh. Mainieneh, Toman Aga., and Kafir Kaleh. M. de Giers hastens to explain this step. After they took over Merv the Russians found that the Salor and Sariks' had been expelled from, it by the Merv Tekkes, and t&ough; they had taken refuge 'in Afghan territories,' which he further describes' as 'the oases of Yulatan and Penjdeh' (p. 30), they were anxious to come back to their ancestral fields, as the lasid they had been driven to was not sufficient for their needs. M. de Giers then goes on to say : — 'It was to obtain the authorisation of the Rus sian authorities for this step, as also guarantees against the violence of their neighbors at Merv, that they lately sent a deputation to Lieu tenant-General Komaroff, and it was solely to collect such information a3 might serve as a basisfor establishing- peaceful relations between the different tribes that General Komaroff thought fit to direct the two agents in question to visit Yulatan. and, if necessary. Penjdeh. There was no question of annexation in this mission. The Imperial Ministry can, on the other band, state that no agent has been sent to Maimeneh. According to the terms of the arrangement come to. between the tiro powers, Maimeneh is included in tbe country of the Ameer of Afghanistan, and the Government of his Majesty the Emperor is resolved to scrupulously respect, as it has done in times past, all the engagements it contracted in virtue of the arrangement in ques tion.' Be it observed that the justifi cation of the Russians for every act of Konsaroff and AlikkanofFs in violation of the ' sacred . covenant ' is that Yulatan and Penjdeh are, as parts of Merr, Russian, pos sessions, and that the mere presence of the Afghans there was an outrage on Russia which justified the retaliatory seizure of the Zulfikar Pass by her Cossack outposts. The date of this compromising memorandum of M. de Giers is April 15, 1SS4. On page 33 will be found an interesting extract from a report of Colonel Stewart, dated March 19, 1824^ con taining a full description of the Afghan terri tories dependent upon Herat. In this he says: — 'Any line of frontier between Russia and Afghanistan in the Heri Rood should be drawn a little north of Pul-i-.Kha.tun. The country- on the eastern side of the Heri Rood, at least as far north as Pul-i-Khatun, or ths Lady's Bridge, is certainly Afghan, even ac cording to Persian accounts. ATI tbe guard towers I saw had been built by Ameer Killitch Khan, the Wazir of Shah Jamen of Afghanistan. These towers were built about sixty years ago by the Afghans for the protec tion of their frontier. A line drawn from Kala Brun, on the Murghab, to the Heri Rood, just south of Naorozabad, would seem to represent . all that Afghanistan could fairly claim as her soil ; and this would give a work able frontier as the Heri Rood, as it would leave the low range of hills, which here forms thenatural boundary of Afghanistan, in Afghan hands.' Under date the 3rd- of- May, 1SS4, M. de Giers writes : — ' I hasten to inform you that the Imperial Cabinet is quite ready to appoiut a commissioner to visit, in company with his English colleague, the district to be delimi tated, and in concert' with him to endeavor to ascertain the principles under which a frontier line might be traced which would satisfy the respective interests of the two powers. As regards the Afghan official, of whom' mention is made in your note of the 2-ith of April (May 6), I beg. to inform you that the Imperial. Cabinet is of opinion that such an official could only be attached- to the boundary com mission as an expert, to furnish explanations on questions of detail and purely local matters whenever ? the commissioners of the two powers might wish to consult him. It ?nill besides probably turn out that the commisEsioners will hardly be able to dis pense with consulting other experts who would be chosen from among the tribes settled in these parts, and' whose interests could not be considered entirely outside the provisions which the two powers trill have to make ou the occasion of the delimitation. As regards the negotiations for the purpose of tracing a line of demarcation, it would seem that in. view of the delicate nature of the question it would be most unadvisable to admit the inter vention of persons to whom the political interests involved could not, without grave in convenience, be confided. The settlement of interests ot this nature could only be en trusted to officials possessed of large experience and in possession of the entire confidence of their respective Governments.' Lord Gran ville accepted the proposal ; but in the mean time a report of Lieutenant-Colonel Stewart from Meshed informed the Government of the proceedings of General Komaroff inside the Afghan frontier. These are detailed on page 47. He states that General Komaroff had ap appointed aRussianMahommedan Governor o£ Yulatan, a place declared by M. de Giers to be in Afghan territory. In. an interview with the Russian Minister on the 23rd of June, 1884, Sir Edward Thornton, on his complain ing that the Ameer had sent troops to Penjdeh, replied that the place was in Afghan territory, which, however, M. de Giers then contested, and expressed his belief that it had never been under the rule of the Ameers of that country. Sir Edward Thornton reports repeated attempts made by M. de Giers to get the English Government to anticipate the work of the Boundary Coininission by agreeing with Russia as to the 'principles which would form the basis of the instructions to be given to the commissioners.' When Sir Edward answered that the great principle would be to ascertain how far the Arneer had dominion over and controlled the inhabitants of those regions, and that where his dominion ended there, his frontier should be fixed, M. de Giers objected that this would simply convert the commission into one of enquiry. His idea was that the two powers should agree whether the princi[5le of delimitation should be geographical, ethno graphical, or topographical; aud Sir E. Thornton observes that bis object was mani festly to get all Turkomans excluded at the outset from Afghan territory, in the hope that they would then, as a matter of course, like the Mervans, voluntarily submit to Russia. To all these insidious suggestions Lord (.-iranville replies on the 5th August, by laying down the basis cf Sir Peter Lurasden's instruc tions as follows :— ' In the opinion of Her Majesty's Government the primary duty of the ccuimission -will be to ascertain the true limits of tbe Ameer's territory, and, therefore, in defrniiig his jurisdiction they must be guided by the political relations of the tribe3 which in habit the country ; but. in order to avoid as f ar as possible the risk of future complications, the commission, whilst respecting all the legiti mate rights of the Ameer, should bear in raind the importance of not imposing upon him such obligations as he weald be unwilling to assume or would praticaily be unable to fulfil. Her Majesty's Government propose to frame their instructions to the British Commissioners in accordance vrith the principles slated above.' Cn tue 11th of August M. de Giers shows his Land. Sir Edward Thornton reports that his aignmeiits amount to this — that Russia wants it admitted beforehand that the Sarik Turko mans filiculd .ill be givnn over to Russia. ' Krs Excellency intirop^tes,' says Sic Edward, with a touch of irony, ' that this is the most impor tant of the principles upon which the Instruc tions to the commissioners should bs founded.' On x^aee 7-S ve find Sir Peter Lumsdea's in structions, from which it would appear that tlie assertions repeatedly made by Russian organs that he was told that tlia English Government regarded Peujdeli as not being Afghan, or as being dubiously Afghan, are sheer perversions of the truth. The next interesting document as indicating tlie design of Russia to keep ail the Afghan Turkomans in her grasp is a dispatch of Sir E. Thornton's, dated the 2nd of October, i:i which an excuse is made for General Zeleuoi not being able to meet Sir P. Lumsdeii, and insidious proposals are made to postpone the meeting of the commission till January 27, to make the trystiug place some point south of Sarakhs, and to reduce, the. escorts. One of the excuses for General Zelenoi not meeting Sir Peter as agreed on is not only that he has been ill, but that ' it would take some time to study the question.' On the 14th of October Sir Edward had a visit from General Zelenoi. The interesting invalid was in a melancholy mood. He feared the conimiBsion would be a ! failure. It had no basis to go on — no zone j marked out lev its work ; and he thought they ? should agree to take as the extreme limits . Sarakus on the north. anr| the Parapamisus rang-e on the south. He,bad evidently .been ' studying the ques tion,' for hestoutly held that Snrakhts-wi'S- not the limit of the Russian frontier ; and when Sir Edward showed him 'the Russian official maps marking Sarakhs as the limit, tha General retorted with great gHbness that these maps were wrong1, ' for tuey were copied from English ones.' Oa October 20 Sir £. Thomson. from Teherau, warns Lord Granville that a practical step has been, taken to enforce Zelenoi'n views by the dispatch of & Russian force to occupy Pul-i-Khatun. . Sir Peter Lurcsden on October 31 warns Lord Granvilie cf the Cos?flck advance to Pul-i-Khisti. No notice of these warnings seem:-; to have been taken. On November 10 Sir P. Lumsden re jiorts a conversation he had with 'Colonel Alildianofi', who explained ' tliat the move luenttoPnl-i-Kliatun v.as purely precautionary, owing to the rumors of the concentration of Afghan troops at Ghorian and effect produced by the advance of the Brit;.sh force.' On the SOth of November Lord Granviile in structs Sir E. Thornton to press the Russian Government for the withdrawal of their troops to Sarakhs, and in return to promise that the Afghans will keep to Fenjdeh. 1L de Giers, o:i. the 27th of November, in answer to this demand, ex plained that only a very few Cos=ac!is were at Pul-i-Khatun; and,' contradicting Alikhanoff just as Alikhanoff contradicts the English ad vocates of Russia, he .said they went there not because the Afghans had violated the frontier or the movements of Sir Peter Lumsden's e&coit; were lE.enacirjg, but merely to protect a few poof Salor Turkomans who had gone to farm there and who had asked for protection. As to Lord Granville's demand for withdrawal to SaraMis, M. de Giers fcfdd 'he would sprat to the Minister of War on the subject.'' Of course no withdrawal took place, and Russian persistence is soon seen to be pre vailing. On the 29th of November the process of surrender begins by Lord Granville accept ing the northern limit of the zone for which Russia had been contending all along1. Then follow dreary and monotonous accounts of con tinued Russian encroachments, urgent appeals for Zelenoi's appearance, eager entreaties to Russia to stop further advances, warnings from Sir Peter Lumsden that it is getting to be im . possible, in view of Russian meanaces, to keej- the Afghans quiet (March 4), a warning from Sir E. Thornton on March 13 that Komaroff has telegraxjh-:d to the Russian War Office that he must take Penjdeh. Tins latter warning extorts from Lord Granville a E-how of resistance. He replies to Sir E. Thornton {March 13) that he is 'to urge oa the Russian Government in the strongest manner that if this request be true orders may immediately be given to prevent the proposed attack.' M. de Giers the next day, as usual, assures Lord GranviUe that there is no foundation for the assertion that KcinaroS wishes to take Penjdeh : and then follow the communications relating to the ' sacred cove nant,' in which we find nothing new, warnings of Alikhanofi's menaces to the Sarakhs — pro- ceedings which M. de Giers disavows but doe3 not prevent — and then a remarkable dispatch which arose out of an irreconcilable dispute between the two Governments as to the southern .limit or the debatable zone. This Lord Granville insisted should ran from Shir Tepe to Penjdeh. Russia, of course, insisted on pushing it f urtlie'r south to ' the chain of heights which border on the north the valley of Herat.' It is to this pretension that Lord Granville replies on the 4th of April by saying that the English Government cannot proceed on a. basis such as this, 'which substantially denies the equal footing of the two powers.' Here the Blue Book, so far as its main point of interest is concerned, ends. The danger attending the importation of fruit into this colony and of bringing a disease with it is exemplified by the oranges which are now being sent here fsom New South Wales. We have been shown three oranges which were taken from the top. layer in a case of Sydney oranges (and we are assured that they were not picked, but taken at random), which are almost covered with scale blight. We have scale here already, and it is believed that the disease originally ' came from New South Wales ; and now it seems we are imparting fruits so badly affected that to check or stamp out the disease here wfll be impossible unless stringent measures are taken for stopping the influx of this destructive insect pest. An interesting lecture, entitled 'China and Christian Missions,' was delivered by the Rev. J. C. Karby in the Port Adelaide Gongraga tional Church on Wednesday evening, ia aid of a charity. The attendance was small. The lecturer gave some important statistics of Chira, stating that the empire had an area of 5,200,000 square miles, and her population was as the sands of the sea shore— Innumerable. It was said-by some that her inhabitants numbered 300,000,000, and by others 400.009,000. He spoke of China's natural features, productions, education,, civilisation, government, and Christianity. This great empire was con siderably advancing in civilisation, bat still the gospel was required to' be preached' unto her people, as hundreds and' millions had never fceaid its sound. In speaking- of the wages given in China to the working classes, the lecturer mentioned that weavers got from 4p. to 8s. per ??week,- jewellers 6s., women and children 2s., and laboring men about 4id. to 7d. Eer day. A person would be highly pleased if e could save JSb. in a year. An ordinary laborer received about 4s. Gd. a month. Suit able hymns for the occasioa were rendered by the church choir. We have received a copy of the report of the eighth annual meetiDg of the Orient Steam Navigation Company held in London on April 28\. Mr. Alexander Gavin Anderson, who presided, pointed out that the report of the managers for the year 1S84 went to show that the result of the Australian voyage accounts, after all deductions, was represented by an aggregate sum of £3S,103, added to which were suspense commissions, amounting to £7,012, and a voluntary return from the managers of £9,S40. These sums, which made up a total of £54..0S('-, were to be taken as the result of the regular Australian business. On the debit side the most important item was the loss of £16,034 incurred through the foundering of the Aus tral in Sydney Harbor. The next item charge able to the debit of the revenue account was £15,101, the ascertained loss in respect of seven unprofitable voyages of tlie Austral in the At lantic during the previous summer season. Tiie report and balance-sheet were adopted after the rejection cf an amendment in favor of the appointment of a committee of inspection, consisting of independent shareholders, to report on the question of reorganising the management of the company or proceeding to liquidation. Dr. Cameron, M.P., sends to the London Standard soine particulars which he has re ceived from Dr. i'erran as to the experiments which that geatJemau is making in Spain with reference to the system of inoculation for cholera. According to Dr. Ferran's telegram, dated May 'JO, 'the population of Alcira (a town near Valencia, where cholera is now raging) is 10,000, and since the first of the piestnt month 0.432 of its inhabitants have teen incculated with his protective virus. That would leave the number of those not inoculated about 10.500 ; or, accepting 1(5,000 as an exact figure, precisely 10,i5u8. Of the 10.CC0 persons who are not inoculated cholera lias attacked G4, and proved fatal to 30. Of tLe 5,432 who have been inoculated it has, according to Jir. Ferran, attacked only seven, and proved fatal in no single case. In other words, since the commencement of the experi ment on May 1, one person out oi every 103 has been attacked among the uninoeulated population, and one person in every 352 has died of cholera ; while among the inoculated population only one person in 776 has been attacked, and not a single person in the entire D,4S2 has died of the disease.' Dr. Ferrin concludes his telegram by expressing the desire that _a British commission should be sent to Alcira to verify these results. Birds often select strange places for building their nests, and of the numerous family of nest- builders none is perhaps so fond of poidng about iu odd corners when building as the sparrow. Not very long since we drew atten tion to the fact that the sparrows had chosen to build behind tlie louvre boards at some of the windows in tlie Government Offices— under the very noses, iu fact, of those who were daily paying away money for the destruc tion of these active little pests. But this is as nothing compared with the eccentric conduct of a sparrow as recorded by Lieutenant-Colonel W. H. Noble, R.A., of Woolwich, in the London Times. The colonel says: — 'The time of day is announced to the garrison and neighborhood of Woolwich every day at 1 p.m. and at 9.30 p.m. by firing- a blank charge of powder from a 9-pounder bronze {tud. This gun is mounted in the Gun Park on a wooden travelling carriage, which is fitted with two axle-tree boxes, each about one foot square by six inches deep, with the inside divided into several compartments. This box is designed to carry case- shot ami cartridges with the gun in action. The carriage is an old one, and the right axle- tree box lias a small licle in one of its sides. Some days ago the gunner on firiufr the 1 o'clock observed a sparrow riyirsg out of this hole, and an exami nation of the box showed that it contained, instead of case-shot, a sparrow's nest with five e£gs. The box was carefully padlocked, so as to guard the nest frpn, inquisitive boys, bat tbe gun was fired twice a day as usual, and on the morning of Saturday, May 1(5, five littlo sparrows made their appearance and are doing v.-e3L''' An all-day conference was hold in the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Monday, Juue 22, uador the auspices of the Adelaide Ministerial Association, the special object of the meeting being to consider the work of tlie Holy Spirit in the church,, with a view to the deepening of spiritual life. The conference began with a prayer jneetiag conducted by the J'lev. .Tolin Watf-on. The first session was presided over by the llev. J. Lyall. secretary of the associa tion, .who in 'his opecicg rc-niarla explained that the object the association hud ia view was to unite the Christians of the varir-us der.oir.inations together in prayer for the .outpouring -of tlie Holy Spirit. The Rev. J.-G. Wright succeeded with an address en the baptism of the Holy Spirit as the distinguishing blessing of the Christian dis pensation, and upon tlie need for that ' power firm on high :: for the cc-nvcrsion of sinners, for the perfecting of the saints, and the subjugation cf tbe world to Clmst. The P.ev. T. K. Thomas,. M.A,, then fol lowed with an addre?s on the means of obtaining power frcn; on high, enlarging on the necessity of the dedication of life toGod r.r.d the exorcise of faith, with a .special re ference to the reception of the fullness of the spirit. The afternoon lnissir.:) v/as begun with a prayer meeting, conducted by the Rev. E. Grattnn. The Kev. J. Abbot' presided, aud after tome opening remarks appropriate to the occasion, the Rev. W. 1\ Main gave an ad dress on the ' Personality of the Holy Ghost, and the importance of realising it in our Christian work.' The Rev. S. Knight spoke on 'Witnesses to the Baptism of Power.' luirging- forward Scripture examples as seen in tie case of tbe Old Testament prophets and the early Christians, and further spoke of such witnesses as McCheyne, Charles Turner, and others. Prayers and conversation filled urrthe intervals between the addresses. In the even ing a prayer meeting-, led by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, introduced the proceedings, which were piesided over by the Ke.\ C. T. JS'pwmau. Addresses were given bv the Rev. John Mcliwin on ' Spiritual ' Resources of the Church ;' by tlie Rev. S. Mead on '; Conditions of Success in Christian work;' and an evange listic address by ihe. Key. W. R. Hiddlestone ; ar.(i the proceedings, which were of a deeply in teresting- character, terminated. A well-attended meeting of carpenters and joiiiers _ was held at the Bristol Tavern, i'ranklin-strcet, on Friday evening, June 19. Mr. Che.-vry occupied the chair, and' in opening the proceedings said the meeting was called to discuss the working rules which at present existed between employers and employe's, and which were agreed to on November 8, 18S2. As no doubt they were aware these rules had beeu broken both by employers and employes, and they had met together to see u a thorough understanding- could be arrived at. Mr. J. Clements moved ' That it is the opinion of the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners that we do strictly adhere to the work ing rules that now exist as drawn up and agreed to on November S, 1S82.' Their chief object, he remarked, was to obtain the sympathy of non-society men living in the city and the suburbs. They wished to do nothing hastily, and he sincerely hoped the masters would abide by these rules, as if they refused it might be found necessary to go on strike, a course which he hoped, however, they might never be forced to adoxit. Mr. Kelly seconded the motion, urging those non-society men present to join the Amalgamated Society of Carpenters and Joiners, and speaking of the advantages that would accrue from such a course.; The motion was then put and carried' with only one dissentient. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Clements, that a -vote of- thanks be accorded to Mr. C. C, Kingston, M.P., for the registration of the working' rules. Mr. Hobbey then moved 'That this meeting is of opinion that the carpenters and joiners of the colony should oppose as far as possible the exaction of Gd. per week by toe employers to cover their liabilities in- case of accident. The motion was seconded and carried, Mr. W. G. Herbert moved, and Mr. Hobbey seconded — 'That it is desirable that a better understanding should exist between society and non-society men, and- that they should meet more often than at present' The motion was carried unanimously. The following- re solution was then carried1 — 'That a committee cf six society and six non-society men be formed to make arrangements and see that the rules and other matters be properly carried out.' The committee was then formed,, and the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, June 20, was :— Births, 9S males ; 134 females.. Deaths,. 45 males ; 36 females. Total— 232 births, SI deaths. Escess of births, 151. In the district of Adelaide the number was — Births, 22 males; 26 females. Deaths, 12 males ; 13 females. Total — 48 births ; 25 deaths. Excess of births, 23. 