Sporting Mems. The Victorian Racing Club received £4000 bookmakers' fees last year. New South Wales won the football match against Victoria at Melbourne, July 16. Powell and Hall are matched at Sydney to box for £50 to £100 aside within six weeks. Reticent and Lady Ashton (G to 4), were first and second in the National Maiden Steeple« chase, 2 miles, 5.23. Melton's win in the English Derby meant a loss of £470,000 to the British and American bookmakers. The Melbourne Scotch footballers de- feated the New South Wales Association players by three goah and points. Rowell, the English walker, is worth £10,000. O'Leary, who was once worth £30,000, dabbled in stocks and lost it all. Hippogriff, 4 to 1, easily won the Maiden Hurdle at Flemington, 2 miles, in 4.3. See Breeze and Dunstan were second and third. Morrison, a Geelong footballer, now studying medicine at Edinburgh, has won the title of champion amateur athlete of Scotland. Mr. A. R. Inglis, killing his eleven birds, is the winner of the Victorian Champion prize. Nine others killed 10 birds out of the eleven. Corrigan scored again July 28, at the I Victorian Steeplechase meeting, winning the Maiden Hurdle, and the Grand National Steeple. Malone', the Champion sprinter, has dcslocated his ankle while at hurling. We thought you could only get your skull dislocated at hurling. We'relearning by degrees.' , : ." In the great match, M.C.C., against Yorkshire, Gunn scored 240, and Bornes 140, hot out, tall scoring against such bowlers as Peate, Peel, Ulyett, Emmett, and Bates. £600 was tho value of the Victorian Waterloo Cup,'won July 18, hy Bhodanthe (50 to 1 chance), and £200 for second, won by Siesta. All the good dogs were out of sorts. The Queensland sporting trouble appears in a fair way of settlement. A conference of all tori clubs is to be held August 21. Had this been done earlier, things would be going on, straight now. - W. G. Grace, in thè 'match M.C.C.¿ against Notts, scored 03, the highest of match, and took i(GI wickets-the best Notts bats j for CO rans, Seyen 'wickets for 40 runs in the first, and 9 foi 20 in the second. ' Twelve horses fell at the Flemington Steeplechase meetings, but none of the'ridera were seriously hort. / Three horses came down together at one fence, and in one race, the steeple, eight horses came to grief. - /. V ; Plausible and The Ghost fought a great battle for the one-mile event at Flemington, July 18, and rthe latter won by three-quarters of a head. Both started at 10 to'1, the favourite, I Favour, 5 to 1 being nowhere-not placed. Time, lmile,l-48ï. ; Rhodanthe won the- Victorian Waterloo Coursing Cup ; Siesta, the New South Wales dog being runner up.*'-;When»the.two ^were cloaelj oompeting with the hare, a third greyhound WM lei loose,.:and made the dosing affair: a matter : of doubt. Influence of the ring! \- Hall, a yoong English lad, boxed Law- son, an-experienced hard-headed nigger, to a . draw at Sydney, recently. '.. You'd take Hall in the etieete to be a simple country youth ; with his hands up, however, you'd fancy you were marching on the brittling front of a British square. Chene won the Waterloo Coursing Parse, »nd Bed Hind the Plate. The letting loose of a third greyhound at the final moment of the Cop contest is causing any amount of talk, and. the dog having been Bold, on the ground by auction, a few minutes before by the secretary. Whistler, the American champion, wrestles Thomas, of Melbourne, August 6, for £200. li it satisfactory to find wrestling superseding boxiig. Whittler says he will be prepared to meet Miller or Dinnie, after he settles Thomas, for £250 asid», at catch-as-catch-can. Good! Will, we'll stand by the Australian-Miller. Miller meets Donald Dinnie again, at Melbourne, 1st August, in a wrestling match for £200. It ought to be the finest exhibition of athletics ever seen in Australia. It will be re- membered, that the last time, Miller broke his ankle in the final struggle with Dinnie. We pre- dict a win for the Australian, Miller. ' In the Grand National Hurdle, Fleming- ton,' July 18, the favourite, Sheet Anchor, ridden GEORGE FORDHAM, SECCND ONLY TO ARCHER. by Corrigan, 5 to 4, was badly besen. The Agent, 4 to 1 being second, and Cockboá, 20 to 1, third. The Agent was splendidly ridden. Star, Tantaliser, and Omadhaun came down, the riler of Tantaliser receiving concussion of the bran. Time, for 3 miles, Gm. Jsee. Following are the latest lines actually booked:-V.B.C. Derby-1000 to 120 on the field ; 100 Dunlop, GO Isonomy. Caulfield Cup : 1000 to 20 Claptrap, Luoky Hit, 25 Anchorite, 10 King of the Gypsies, 20 Vergy, £0 Hurricane, 13 Vidette. Melbourne Cup :-5000 ;o 150 Coronet, 100 Prometheus and 100 St. John ; 3000 to 60 Warrick, 90 Sardios, 90 Nordenfddt, 50 Mozart ; 2000 to 20 Willeroo, 30 Impulse, cO Honeydew, 40 Velocipide. In doubles-the first horses are New- stead, Monte Christo, Nordenfe'dt, Uralla and Thunderbolt. The Grand National Steeple on July 18th, was a grand ran, and was von by Corrigan, on Wymlet, by sheer good horsemanship. Eight horses and riders came to grief. Wymlet lOst. 41b. was first; Sailor 9st. 101b., second, and Denmark 123t. 111b. third. At the third jump Granville came down, and on the second round Mernder, Moon- light and Morven. Then Forrester fell, while at the home side fence Leo and Progress came to grief. Native then assumed the lead, but the last fence brought him down. Denmark was overhauled by Wymlet and the Sailor, the former of which won by five lengths, Sailor and Denmark next-nothing else finishing. Time for the three miles, 7m. 19J sec. Student (Cree), and Flamboroagh (Corrigan), were firct and second for the Selling Hurdle, and the winner was bought in for 140 sovereigns. The race for the English Derby is thoa described :-"It was some miuites before distance could arrange his field in Une to his own satisfac- tion, owing principally to the frtctiousneis of She- raton and Xaintrailles; hut after several breaks away the twelve competitors were at length dis- patched to an excellent start. On settling down Royal Hampton, on the top grouid, forged ahead, and went en slightly in advance »f Sheraton and Crofton. Then caine Xaintraillei, Kingwood, and Red Ruin, almost abreast, clear of Paradox and Lu- minary, whileEsterlmgYat-their''niels^held á dis- tinct advantage over Lynett», colt J CHâubra, and Melton, the last-named bringingup ne rear. At the top of the hill Royal Hampton led b; à length from Sheraton, Red Ruin now going OR 'hird, followed at short intervals by Luminary, Xahtrailles, Para- dox, and Crafton. Melton was still h the rearward division two lengths off, with Kingwiod and Ester ling. Descending the hill Royal Hanpton began to F. ARCHER, THE FAMOUS ENGLISH JOCKEY-WORTH £60,000. come back to bis horses, and before the famous and dangerous corner was reached Sheraton, Bed Bais, and Xsintrailles had caught and passed him. Pre- sently Sheraton gare Way tb Luminary, who for the moment showed a bold.front, Melton meanwhile drawing slightly nearer to the leaders. As the last curré Wa» negotiated Xaintraillee assumed the com- mand, and came first into the straight, closely at- tended by Bed Buin, Paradox, and Lumintry, with Beyal Hampton wide on the outside, clear of Melton. Enthusiastic shouts were now raised by the. backers of the French horse, who had been going, splendidly up to this point, but scarcely had they begun to invoke his name when he began to ?how signs of distress, and Barrett's utmost efforts were powerless to enable him to keep his place alongside Paradox when Eingsclere colt challenged. Further and further did Paradox draw away, and his Victory seemed well assured until Melton, coning with a rush, drew into second place. Inch by inch Melton crept up, but despite Archer's utmost en- deavours the bell was reached and passed befsre Lord Heating's colt could get on terms with Para- dox. The race home from this point was one of the finest witnessed. Both horses answered gamely to every call made upon them, and the finish was so close that until Melton's number was hoisted no one .but the man in the box could with certainty say which was the winner. As it was, Paradox wu beaten a head j while Boyal Hampton, who wai rid* den ont for a place, was an indifferent third. Then at lengthy intervals came Xaintrailles fourth, Graf- ton fifth, Shenton sixth, Bed Ruin seventh, Lumi- nary eighth, Kingwood ninth, Lynette colt next, and Esterling and, Choubra last. The time of the race was 2 min. 41} tee, or 2 sec. faster than last year. The value of the stakes was £4,525-£75 less than last year. The inland sporting public will be pleased to bear that Mr. Johnny Solomon the well known Sydney meiallician has taken over the Gaiety Theatre from September, and he intends on a liberal expenduture, to completely alter and renovate it, making the Gaiety one of the snuggest and prettiest theatres south of the line. Mr. Solo- mon will personally look after the management of the theatre, securing the best procurable talent in drama opera bouffe and variety entertainment, as was the oase four years ago when he was lessee. In addition to this Mr. Solomon has opened in Pitt street, opposite Tattersall^ Hotel, a tobacco and I cigar divan in conjunction with a Turf Commissin Agency, the establishment being fitted up in capital style,.where he will be happy to meet all his sporting friends. Mr. Solomon has books open in all the big events of the coming season at the longest market odds and communications from ! country clients will be carefully attended to. 