CAMIOLA : a girl with a fobtuke. BY JUSTIN M'CABTHY, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' ' Maid of Athens, etc. Chapter 1. -Fitzobjeham, A church and churchyard stand on the I ertge of a broad river. The waters of the I stream wash the outer wall of the I cburchvard when the tide is (all. or I even hall fall ; and sometimes in (he I stormy days of winter and Bu.Iiig 1 the waves toss themselves ht over J the well, and sport and splash among the quiet tombs and hillooks of dm dead. The visitor who looks over the low wall amoss the river and sees the heavy boats vrith their white or dark red sails floating iasuy past, or if the tide be loir a stripof shore beneath him with rusty anchors lying oB it, aod the hulks of ancient cratt stranded high and dry, is apt for the moment to be chaimed by the mere sensuous beauty of wis i soene into sheer forgefcfnlness of toe assorns» lions with graves, and_ death, and man's sad transitory career, which are proper to tfi® paths and the mounds just behind mm. The church itself hi a Georgian stauetorc, with a square brick tower, and the town surmounted by a conioal spjreof irpo pamtso a doll green, and with a van® on ft® top. A pillared portico shelton to® tomtodnors. At least one famous tomb is to be toon «n the interior; to® monument of a groat man whose of activity was strangely est ofl before his life had rascbcd anything Uk» its middle period. On a bright acmmer day, or pwrham bettn still, on some soft sweet melancholy day of early autumn, a visitor, blt with any .en of ike who iggg a br fM -—<" » taw enjoyment is not likely to be much disturbed. ? oUMr ,onB«"- Titan £.?? « «S" » «en« more of piotorawpe ' 1»rtly "er hippau th.t anyone turosui toharee look at the place - ana it bee on the banks of toe Thames, and if oulean a little forward over the ehureh- IS? S? 5? look 10 Sm rigbt you mm. ®n 1mm nnfi <eMr atmoephere, 8? ®flht of toe cowers of Weet- a of st- p« Behind toe chnxeh lies a town— it is not to my wlietlifir it ought to be oauea a town or only a snborb of London ?? much outside toe four w»1p radius' and it is certain that yon can walk from the ol d church right into Trafalgar square without a single breach of continuity as regards streets and houses. Yet it aeems unreasonable to deeeribe the place as a suburb of London. It has an puptniw its own, and London absolutely ignores that «te«®e. It is a forlorn ptere Mother. Modern way® have not touched it; toe prosprefty of the capital has given it no ehaia. Geographically, ft is an easy walk from Charing Cross; morally and socially, It ia hundreds of miles aid several generations away from the life of London. It is intensely interesting in a sort of way ; ft 1ms to ! picturesquenese of decay and failure and utterly hopeless prostration. Grass grows in the principal thoroughfares ; whole rows of houses are to let. Ancient mansions, which look as if they had a curse upon them, fall into green-moulded ruin behind great high enclosing walls. Some of these may have been, probably must have been, the dwellings of high and mighty personages in days of yore ; ia the days , perhaps, when toe cause of toe Stuarts yet had hopes, and victims, and heroes. Now they are tenaatiero, and nobody seeme to mind or to take any account of them. It would be curious to know what woold happroif somebody were quietly to settle down as an occupant in one of teem; were to light fires in toe rusty old grates, and bring a besom to bear on toe spider.draped windows. Would any au thorised caretaker oome to interfere with him ; to ask him what be was doing there ; to raise the question of ownership and rent? My impression is that nothing of the kind i would happen ; that toe ventureeome I squatter might squat and no soul interfere i to disturb him. I The whole place might be likened to toe I point at which toe backets meet in a mine- I shaf t — one going up, the other coming down. | Its occupants were those who were just I beginning a career in the world and thorn who, having attempted one and failed, were I slowly, steadily, gong down to re-appear no I more. Settled respectability of whatever I condition in life had nothing to do with this I strange, dreary, fascinating region. The I very greengrooers who premaneotly occupied I houses there were a seedy and ruinous lot. A I spirited oostermonger beginning with a donkey I and cart and hawking his vegetables from door I to door of these streets and reads looked oat I with courage and confidence to toe day when I he should quit toe place for ever and start a I greengrocery in some more auspicious quarter. 1 The ambition of every healthy - minded pot boy, I baker's boy, and servant of ail work was to I get ont of the neighbourhood and set up in I some more thriving spot. On toe ether I hand, the rained and broken, the defeated I and disconsolate, sought the place as if I attracted th'toc by some natural affinity or I supernatural charm. It drew them towards i it as the enchanted mountain of loadstone 1 in the 'Arabian Nights ' drew to itself all the I bolts and nails out of toe approaching ships. Perhaps one natural explanation of this was (h»t rents were very low in this forlorn quarter, and that there were plenty of houses always empty to choose from. Some lunatics had from time to tone ventured on running up new rows of buildings in the blighted, swampy fields, under the impression, pyrHapg, that an entirely uncalled for supply possibly create an unnatural demand, and, the laws of political economy still prevailing, toe bunding speculation came to rtopredesrined end. Nothing was changed; there was one bankrupt toe more, wen new houses then were always available for 1 sew tenants— always making silent, mourn- ! fol appeal to someone to come and take them, i Many of them looked spacious and alluring to toe bruhcu and poverty-stricken refugee I who sought cheap shelter in this Alsatoaitf the destitute. When the refugee bad installed himself in one of toem, the ceilings immediately began to crumble and fall about hi® ears, the floors gave way, the balustrades toot in numbers, toe rain leaked through toe jerry-oonstraetedroof. The refugee took no I trouble— perhaps even took no thought. Soto oooorrenges we« but ineM to to downward career.. To what jnd mttog or insisting on repairs i remaps when the time came to pay his quarterns or I half-year's rent he might not be ma pom torn to speak with his enemy, toe rent-ooltector, I la then to. It would be better for himai I such a tone and mider aueh conditions teat I he had not given any trouble about leaking roofs and falling plaster. NoXttirtoe wit of inan oojdd I cugUt would satisfactorily aeooont tor to® a a a— mam— — — mmmmm " bouteood to toe greatest metropolis of the ! world. Nor can we attempt to explain wbv ft is that every second ah p in the less silent streets— there are no busy streets— should be a shop for the sale of fried fish. Even if the popul&tion; were to live upon fried fish, there would hardly be so many shops needed to distribute the supply. There are some odd, ancient, beetle-browed pablio-hooees, with red-tiled roofs, which make one long to go in and drink beer In pore homage to their old English pictureequeness. There is, for example, the Old Ferry Inn. This hostelry is approached from the landward eide like any ordinary tavern, except, indeed, that the vftftor has to dive two or three steps before he finds himself on a level with its bar. It is one of the ancient wooden houses which to be so common along the Thames, and which are now gradually disappearing, out one fay one like toe fading lamps in an i old-fashioned illumination. Bat the interest i of the boose is in its approach from the river. A boat brings one to a flight of stone steps, leading straight down to the stream ; you 1 step out as you would from a gondola at the I floor of a Venetian palace. When you mount the stone steps, you oome to a soil of ledge be terrace, on which you perceive on your right a flight of wooden steps running — er tottering would be the right word — up to the top of a wall. If yon mount you come to a wooden platform, which is contrived on the top of the wall surrounding toe garden of the Old Ferry Inn, and from that platform another flight of steps, descending, takes vou into the garden behind and beneath the wall. There, if the weather be fine, you may sit at little wooden tables on a wooden chair, and smoke your pipe and brisk your beer, should you be so inclined. If the weather be not floe, yon can shelter yourself in the house, which is comfortable enough in its way. The public- house is the one institution which never seems to fall into utter d?«n« nmnng n»t or, even in the most miserable regions, to leek business and fail to mA«> money. When the lights shone on toe eold river from the red-curtained windows of the ' Old Ferry Inn' on some gusty night in December, it was enough to tempt the wayfarer approach ing from the bridge or landing from a boat, to spend his last penny for toe privilege of a temporary abetter in so cheerful a retreat It will be seen that there was a good deal to be said in just disparagement of toe region we have been describing. There was one charge, however, which no enemy could against ft; no man eeuld say that it was commonplace. A certain class of author or artist would have loved toe place. The painter would have seen a picture in every muddy lane that crept to the river ; the author would have found a story in every ancient tenement that wns settling down into decrepitude. Such historic associations as toe place had were bound op with toe family history of the great man whose tomb was made in toe church by toe water. AH manner of odd endowments and foundations bore toe name of some member of toat gifted and eccentric house whose fam« reached its loudest with this one great man, and then was no farther renewed. The family had become extinct ; its title appeared no more on the roll of English peers, although the nme of the family was still borne by one or two persons in the place, who were made conspicuous by it, for it was not an English name to begin with. It had been brought into England long ago, and its sound tells of its origin. The family name of the great man whose memory still clings to the spat was Fitzurse. As we have to give the place itself a name, for the sake of convenience, we may as well call ft Fitxorseham. Chapter IL — Mrs. Pollen. The church, the churchyard, the boats, the old inn with its stone steps, were well appreciated by the keen and observant eyes of Mrs. Isabel Pollen, who saw them for the first time on a beautiful tender afternoon of early summer. Mrs. Pollen was a widow who ought still be called young ; toe was certainly under forty, and toe would have been called handsome by many. She had foil dark eyes, and a face which sometimes looked sensuous and sometimes moody and thoughtful. Sim had been toe wife of a self- made rich and vulgar man, whom toe detested and despised while be was living. He died suddenly while she was absent, and she was instantly stricken with a wild remorse because she had not loved him. He had left her all his property and his money, and toe was immensely rich and childless. After his death she had spent some time in Jerusalem trying to find peace of mind there, and now ai last toe had come back to England with one or two set purposes of atonement to the memory of her husband. It was somehow borne in upon her one night in Jerusalem that if toe went baric to England she would find that Mr. Pollen had some neglected relatives about whose existence he had never told her, and to whom, perhaps, she could show some kindness if they stood in need of it, and do some permanent good. When she got to London in pursuit of this fancy, it was easy enough to find from Mr. Pollen's lawyers ami agents some information to put her on a took. She had never, while he was living, taken the slightest interest in his affairs, or sneouraged any ooofidenoe from him. She now found that h® was boin somewhere in toe Fitxoiptoam region; tbth®Mto) ¥"4 to time bought houses there ; that he bad become the owner of Fitzarse House, once the stately mansion of the old family, but more lately turned to the purposes of an institution or foundation of some kind, and which, as the lease was now just about to fall in,mightbeinher hands almost at any moment. Nothing was known of any relations Mr. Pollen might have had. if he had any sur viving ; but assuredly Fitzarseham was the nstorai place to look for them. So Mrs. Pollmi resolved to take her wild-goose chase. Her idea was odd and fanciful ; but toe was an odd and fanciful woman, with strange sudden insights, altogether unusual powers of observation, quick succeeding gusts of generosity, self- sacrifice, cynicism, despon- dency, self-disdain, and a mind absolutely indifferent to the conventionalities of society and social life anywhere. Her idea was to study Fitzarseham for herself ; to find oat if Mr. Pollen bad any surviving relatives ; to try to make them good if they were bad ; to try and make them happy if they were good ; to help them to bring oat whatever was auspicious in them, and, if possible, to find children for her adoption among them. She began her work in the very quietest and and most commonplace way. She was staying in a hotel in one of the streets oft Piccadilly. She took a cab to Westminster Pier, went up the river in one of the steamers, and made her way to Fitzurse Houee. Arrived there, she had nothing to do bat to aek for the person in charge of it. Mrs. Pollen never settled upon any immediate details in any plan of action until she had some personal knowledge of those with whom she had to deal. 1 can't begin until I see what sort of perron he is,' she thought to herself. 'He ought not to be a prosaic or commonplace sort of person in such a spot and with such a same.' The oaretaker bore the odd name of Mr. Christian Pilgrim, and he certainly was not commonplace to look at. He was a strongly- bniit, square-shouldered, stooping man, with a complexion worse than pallid ; something greenish in its tone, and with snow-white hair, although his movements were those of manhood's most vigorous time. Hi« dark- grey eyes had a short-sighted and wandering look about them. He wore an old black velvet coat, and might have passed for a broken-down artist in the days when artists still wore velvet coats. Just the man for the place,1 Mrs. Pollen thought, ae he opened the door in answer to her knock ; sees ghosts and lives in a dream. He will help me.' She introduced herself in a few dear words, her loud, strong contralto voice seeming to startle the quiet loneliness of the place. He made hie answers in a low and deliberate tone speaking each word as precisely as if he were spelling it, and with the constrained manner of one who has to use something like force with himself to keep his attention from wandering. I don't particularly care to see the house just yet, Mr. Pilgrim ; I would rather transact my business out of doors, if you don't mind.1 'As you please, madame.' You are not much of a business man, Mr. Pilgrim!' No, madame, I regret to say.' Do you ? I don't ; I am glad of it.' Fitzurse House was a long, low, early Georgian building such as might have suited a wealthy squire who had a somewhat more refined taste than meet of his neighbours. It was large, and had a great many rooms ; but it had only two storeys ; two rows of formal oblong windows, and a large door with wide semi-circular fanlight. The front of the boose was almost covered with ivy and creepers of various kinds. The lawn was smoothly shaven and set round with cedars and elms and poplars and copper beech. Mre. Pollen's quick eye noted with satisfac tion that there were no forlorn statues or plaster casts turning green and mouldy in the onfavouring open air of English spring and winter. It was not Mrs Pollen's opinion that a heathen goddess wearing nothing but patches of rotting green moss is q becoming ornament of an English garden. ' No woman lives here V Mrs. Pollen said, quietly. In this house, madame V ' Yes ; \ meaa yon have no woman servants ; I am told that you are unmarried —I beg pardon, that you have not a wife.1 ' May I aek, madame, why yon corrected what you first said ?' ' About being unmarried ? Yes certainly. I was under the impression that you were a bachelor ; but I saw from your look when I spoke of you as married that mine was a mistaken impression. I am sorry if I have panned you in any way by my words. Yoa see that I myself' — and she stopped abort and made a kind of gesture towards hat crape- encumbered dress. 'May I ask again, madame, why you oame to the conoiosion toat there are no women firing in the house ?' Oh, well, I think anyone could tell at a glance; any woman, at feast; if toe had eyes in her head end knew how to use them. For one thing thare would he little sttftmpfr at ornamant hoe and there, dont you brew -plaster casta and things; hafts of the Boyal Family, and Glytie and bite of rockeries and sofcto; and then, again, those picturesque fallen leaves blown down by laat thai path — fallen before their rim liV young conscripts killed in their first nettle. Oh, no, they would be all swept away with the broom of remorseless Yes, 1 understand there matters, I can assure you. Mr. Pilgrim thought he had to do with a remarkably keen-eyed sort of perron. He began even to feel a little unoomforteble under the inspection of her large, encompassing eyes. They seemed to involve him and surround him completely in every glance. I'll sit here,1 raid Mrs. Pollen. There were a few wooden seats standing about she took one of them and pointed to another. Won't yon sit down, Mr. Pilgrim V Thank you, madame ; I had rather stand.1 'All right. Now I suppose yon are curious to know what I have to talk to you about ?' ' As you have wished to speak to me ' exactly ; as I wished to speak to yea, of course I must have something to talk to you about. Did you ever in your life know a woman who csme to the point of anything dimtly and at once. Gome, did you ever V Well, I really dont quite know.1 I do ; you never did know each a woman ; because vou never before knew me. lam unlike other women in this, and I fondly hope in other matters, too ; I come to the point when I have anything to ray. Yes ; I know what you are thinking of quite well ; you are raying to yourself that I am not coming directly to the point now. That is what you are thinking of.1 It is. I don't know howyou guessed it.1 I didn't guess it ; I raw it in your looks just as plainly as if it bad been in print ; but you are wrong all the same. I am enming to some point in every word I ray, only you don t see it, and I don't want you to w it just yet, at any rate. Well, what do you suppose I have come to this place for?1 ' I cannot preen me to guess.1 Stuff. Yon have been guessing all yon eonld. Why not ? A man most have curiosity.' I suppose you have come here with the desire to do some good.' 'Ye?, I knew yoa would think that. A philanthropic woman, an eccentric Lady Bountiful; an ambitions rival of the Baroness Burdett-Cootts, I suppose t You are entirely out of it, Mr. Pilgrim, I am not a philanthropist. I am not a lover of my fellow man or my fellow- woman. I dont care three rows of pins about the whole human race. Why should I pretend to love the ha man race ? I don's care about anybody whom I don't know, and I care about very few that I do know ; and of these very few I don't believe anyone cares about me. I regard mankind, taken all round, as an absolute failure, and I don't believe in any attempt to improve his wretched, ignoble, miserable existence. No ; I have come here for a purely Eelfish purpose.' She leaned complacently back in her and looked at him. He was easily embarrassed, and toe seemed to find satisfac tion in embarrassing him.' You don't believe it ; you thiak I an> talking for effect?' she said at last. ' I don't believe your purpose is selfish m that sense,' he said slowly, avoiding his eyes. In what sense ?' ' Well, in the ordinary sense ; is the sense we all hare ia our minds whin we my a thing is eelfish.' You shall see whether It is nrffiafr or not. I have something on my conscience, Mr. Pilgrim. I waB unkind and hard to one who had claims on me. and I am Kin memnrc — — iiivaj m reparation ; I shall never para a quiet day or enjoy a night of dreamless sleep until I have done something in that way. I see a of doing something of the kind here, and I fancy it may be in your power to help tee. That's why 1 8 hi here. The broken-down epicure wno goes to some bath or core to rid of his gout or bis dyspepsia ft not one tit more selfish in his purpose than I ft mine. Do yoa believe me V believe you are speaking sincerely, madame, but in that sense a Christian's repentance would only be selffch, Well, so it is sometime, I daresay.. No matter ; all I wish to impress upon your mind ft that lam aft a philanthrope woman or a woman with a mission, or anything of that tors, I am anxiens to km. aomethiM abosithu place and the Joplo in it, a&. jftlgran ; and I daresay you can tell me.' ' I go very little among them; I a very quiet sort of fife here.1 Still JOT Ke something of pecfle. You teach sn toe evenings, I am toldr | teach shorthand, when I can get pupift, madame. There ft nqa rnTTh npportaBitT for teatoing anything in this place.' 'No ; I should suppose not. Have you any pupils now V ' I bare two ; two regular pupils ; and one who eomet at odd times, now and then, whew he likes, or when h« can.1 two regular pupils, are they boys ox girls? 'One iii boy, the otto 1 'lea rirl; yes. A little girl, or a. jvatm ; 'A young woman.1 ' Vary iriirWitilbHtiiiimii " tanght Smrthiiiff ring immaili fft -Sffia rituatioa as private lanEntse— tted.1 'Fmato fccretuy ? Wri T msy want \- .. b. 1 : ,,r- pah a functionary myself. What sort of a girl lathe.' - ' 1 Quick, clever, good-natured ; discontented with her life here, I doo'i see how die could be anything dee; She ib pretty, jonesy V She Is pretty, madams ; but I did not say 80.' Mrs. FoIIenidifnted. That Is fcqdfchew/ she said. Mr. Pllgridftbdrid puzzled. There vu a moment ofsilence. :-- . Do your pupils eome to yon, or yon go to them V Bhe asked. The young men eome to me; I go to the girl? house. The yoang men eome to me ; I go to the girl's house,' Mrs. Pollen repeated meditatively. That sounds like a sentence in a foreign phrase-book, doesn't it V I don't knew, madarae; I was merely fchBweriog a natural question in what seemed to me a natural way. : Quite so,' Mrs. Pollen said, a if she had not been listening to bie later words. Then Bhe turned quickly on him. Yon think me an old sort of woman, and ypn are right encngh in that. I am an odd sort of woman. Bat I am not a bad est of woman, and, whatever my manner may seem, I wonld ask yon not to suppose for a moment that I mean to offend yon. I some times say things just to give myself time to follow out some little track or other in my own mind, and then people are apt to thine that I am rude. I let litem think it, people in general, if they will ; bat yon are not people in general. X believe yon can serve the purpose Ihave at heart, and I like yon ; and that is one reaeon why X wish to know all about yon ; and I think I do understand yon pretty well already. I sm ante the more I see of yon the more I ehall like yon ; and I don't pay ootnplimente. I am an egotistical woman, and X have been long accustomed to indulge myself and my own ways, and I think yon can help me j at now — wo shall be friehde, shan't we ?' Her eyes almost frightened bins. ' I have very few friends, he began to say. All right; then yon have the greater opening for me. How, jaet a word. I want to make an impression on (bus place ; X wast to get into people's confidence ; I have a reaeon for it. I want to know all about every body, men, women, and children. I em toady to play the part of lady patroness or any thing else. How is it to be done best ? Shall I make a splash ; cr grow on the place in modest quietness ? Sboold I be vulgar, or wonld It be better to go in for being refined ? I could play the part, I in nk At all events, I could try. He remained thinking for a while ; not quite sore yet whether she was speaking in good faith or not. At last he said — We are very poor here, madame. Oar lives, the lives of nearly all of us. are pinched and withered by poverry. If we have plefteant dreams at night, they are always dreams of money ; mid we wake in the morn ing to find that we have nothing in the house, and that the tax- collector is knocking at the door again. Our idea of an angel here wonld only be a beneficent creature in a gilded carriage With a big parse in its pocket. All right,' Mrs. Pollen replied, com placently. I understand. X out be that sort of angel anyhow ; that is my form ; it is a oomfort to find a place where my ancelic nature can be accepted on such terms. Well, about this bouse ; I'll think it over and write to you, or send to yon in a day or two. Don't do anything rill yon hear from me. If people ask yon about me you can say, if you like, that yon believe I am awfully rich, and that yon are told Fm such a fool that I don't care what I do with my money. That will fetch them, won't it ? Now I want yon to give me a description, a sort of outline sketoh of the place and the people ; the high and the low. Tell me about this house, and toll me who are the big people of the place, and who are remarkable, and whom you like and whom yon don't like. You talk, and TO listen ; I sha'n't say a word until yon hava finished. It iB an opportunity yon ought to make (he most of. Mr. Pilgrim ; I am a talking woman in general ; bat I'll listen to you.' Eo Mrs. Pollen settled herself into her chair, leaned book in the comfortable attitude of a listener, and looked to him to begin. There was nothing for it bat to fall into her humour the best way be could. So he began ; too shy even to have the courage to plead hi 4 shyness. He spoke in a low tone, with his eyes steadfastly fixed upon the ground the while ; but he told his tale in good literary style, with an odd dash of subtle humour now and then. Among other things, he told her that the institution long domiciled in Firzurce House had been founded originally by tkepione and patriotic will of one of the members of the Fitzuree family. It was founded for the purpose of case sting and patting out in life all deserv ing boys born in the locality whose fathers, grandfathers, or male guardians of any kind had fallen in battle on sea or land, fighting for their king and their country against the French. In the early days of the wars with Napoleon, when the institution had a large number of boys inhabitatlng it and depending on it. the old family mansion wanted a tenant. The trustees of the insti tution took it on a leaae for seventy -five years and established their boys in it. Time passed on and the boys wore all pat oat into the world, and some of them grew to be old men and many of them died, and there were with each succeeding season fewer and fewer com petitors for vacant places. The country got eel of the way of fighting the French, and sad at length the supply of grandsons of a siavsf or military hero gave out, as Mr. Pilgrim quaintly put it, and it was plain that there was no way of renewing the eupply. The trustees, therefore, made op jtheir minds to try to get the Lvgitiator to set aside the conditions of the pious founder's otSU, so far at least as to mato£ its bounty . applicable to the children of those who had fallen fighting their country's enemies of whatever race or climate. Bven this, how ever, would not alter the conditions of things so far as to require the maintenance of a very large establishment. 1 Fitzurseham does not «opply many heroes, madame, to army or navy,' Mr. Pilgrim said, and neither army ror navy tod toodtiightiog work to do. So thatrnrtrfo decided that, as the term of the Seatowwdrawiag to a dose, they would give ipp ito bottle m groswds altogether, and Jot them rpaas into the possession of the iffH owner. Times, as we know, had changed with the ownership, too; the boose ; and grounds bad been sold by order of the » Court of Chancery, and the late Mr. Pollen 1 was the purchaser. One of his latest acts of j pores-proud complacency was to buy the: great old family mansion which he used to t regard with reverence and awe in the far-off ' days whan ha was a poor little ragged boy in i Fitentsdmro. The institution had long < ceased to do any teaching ; tor the good 1 fwwon (hat there were no boys to teach. Ihs j last boy whom it had edocatod and put out into the world was a clever, conceited lad named Walter Fitzuree, 'one of my regular pupils, madame.' Walter Fitzurse'e maternal grandonde had been a powder monkey on board one of Cochtane's ships when Cochrane was fighting the French in the Basque Boads. Ho was killed there, and the trustees made out somehow in their good nature that his death constituted a claim on behalf of his elder sister's sous, which they were bound to recognise. So Waller Fitzarse's father cams to be educated and put out into the world by ; the S;. Walter's Foundation, and Walter j Fitzuree himself was allowed a right of succession. He was edocatod and put out into the world; that is to say, the trustees, when he had done with bis schooling, gave him . one hundred and fifty poonds, and left hic& to » go htswsy. \ One question, Mr. Pilgrim. This young , man ; is he one of the old family ?' > I don't think so, macame. His father j only took the name of Filzarse fast before he j was born, and called him Walter Fitzuree. It j was a d""1 or a craze of his ; aod this j young man prefers to accept it as a reality. j No one else does that I know of.' 1 He told her many more things about the I place and its people. At last he came to an j end and was silent. Mis. Pollen looked j keenly at him when he had finished his < description, and, seeing that his eyes were fixed upon the gravel walk, she permitted her.-elf to indulge in a quiet amile at his expense ; or, at least, at the expense o: a conjecture she hed been forming concerning him. Then she said : 1 Your description is very interesting. Bat are there no women? Yon haven't told me j anything about any woman, except the one j girl who learns shorthand. You didn't think i they would interest me, perhaps? Well, they don't, as a rule ; but etiii, as I shall have to know something cf them, I might as , well be prepared.' J 4 Yes, certainly there are women,' he ' severed slowly. j Ycu are not & woman-hater, Mr. Piljsrtrc ?' No, madame ; at least, I think not j I think not also. I am very sure of it.5 j May I ask, madame, why yea are Eure of it?' Perhaps mine was a general reflection ; it may have not been a perianal one ; anyhow, | I have never found & real wemau-bster among j men. Well, now about these women — the women here — I am carious. There are the ladies, as we call them here.' Yes ; begin with the ladies, as you call tbim here. We will corns to the women &ftc;« wards.' We have very few ladies. There is the Rector's wife. Tim Bettor here is a great swell ; he is an Honourable, the Beeond son of some lord. Hie wife is a greater swell even ; she is a daughter of an eart They j have a house here, bat they don't live in it much ; they live in the West End of Loucon; they come and stav here cow aod then, and he preaches a sermon cr two, and she gets up charitable and amateur concerts. They have two daughters. 4 Pretty ?' One is; the eldest — a little, pale, light- haired thing; the other is only a child. They have a eon ; he is in the army — away with his regiment in Egypt or somewhere.' 4 Any other ladies?' 4 There s a lady — a young lady, who lives with them, in town and here.' 4 A relation of theirs V 4 No, I believe not ; I have heard not. I am told that they are taking charge of her bringing her out. I don't understand much about such thiDgs.' 4 1 understand, quite. This is one of the professional occupations of the aristocracy of England nowadays, to introduce rich your.g plebeian women into society. It is a good business, and they get well paid for it.' 4 TfcLs young lady,' he said, sharply, isn't a plebeian ; at least she does not look tike it, I think.' 4 Are you a patrician, Mr. Pilgrim? He looked up suddenly, with a colour on his cheek, and emotion on his sensitive lips. Did the woman mean to mock him and his humble station? She did not look as if she meant mockery. Her eyes were fixed upon his with the earnest expression of a child who has put an innocent question and is watting for the answer. So he replied with something like composure : 4 Of course not, madame ; I am a poor and humble man. My father was a working clocktnaker ; my mother was a dressmaker in a very small way.' 4 Tfien why were you so ready to insist that this young woman, whoever she is, was not a plebeian ? Why shouldn't she be a plebeian ? Of course she is, or she wouldn't have to pay for her introduction into the society of the patricians. You and I are plebeians ; we ought to stand by our order and not to be shamed of it. Well, this young lady ; Fll tell you something about her. She Is very pretty ; or handsome, rather, I should call her. She is tall and dark eyed, and walks very gracefully ; something what certain writers would call 44 queen-like" about her. She is sweet and bright in manner, and has kindly sympathetic ways. You know her better than you know the other ladies, I think ; she talks to you more, doesn't she ? 4 You know all about her, madame,' he said, looking np with quick surprise. 4 1 thought you knew nothing.' I give von my word of honour, Mr. 1 Pilcrim — and things are so mixed and upset of late years with women's rights and all the rest of it, that we women are getting Into the habit of giving our word of honour, and even of keeping it — I give yon my word of hononr ; I never heard of the young Ldy's existet.ee until you spoke of her just now.' Mr. Pilgrim wm not » man whose emotion? usually found qniet vivid expression in his face. This time, however, hi? eye? lighted with wonder. 4 Don't be alarmed, Mr. P3gnm 5 not the black art, I can assure you. 4 Is this what they call thought-reading he asked. 4 1 was told that was all rubbish. 4 It is not what they call thought-reading in London, and show off tor money in public halls. But it is really thought- reading, face-reading, word reading, han<x reading ; using one's eyes, I call iL ana patting two and two together. That s all, Mr. Pilgrim ; you could do it as well as I, if you would just give your attention to it. 4 1 can't see it. He shook his head. 4 Can't you ? Fll make it plain to yon— so far as this matter is concerned. You said this young woman didn't look like a plebeian ; I assumed that she must be tall and stately. You spoke of the other girl as a little, pale, light-haired thing ; I knew from that that the tall girl must be dark. You were very angry at the idea of the tall girl being called plebeian. I took it for granted that you had more Interest in her than in the other ; that you knew her better ; and that she must be a friendly and sympathetic giri. Is there any witchcraft in all that, Mr. Pilgrim? That's how it is done.' Before he had time to recover from his surprise the gate was heard to open, and a man was seen aiming in. 4 Oh, I beg your pardon, Mr. Pilgrim said. This is one of my pupils ; the one who comes irregularly. Wid you excuse me a moment ?' 4 Certainly. Bat stay; just a word. Perhaps I should like to see him. Is he interesting?' 4 Very interesting to me, madame. He Is, 1 think, the only friend I have.' 4 That is interesting to begin with. The newcomer, meanwhile, seeing Mr. Pilgrim engaged in talk with a lady, had come to en abrupt halt near the flower-bed in the soft sunlight. Mrs. Pollen went on with hrr : interrogatory as if the visitor conld have no better business in life than to wait until she ; was ready to talk to him. 4 What is he ? ; What does he do V I 4 He has dene a great many things, madame ; he could do anything if he tii-d. i 4 1 have eeeu scores ui these men woo I could do anything if they tried, and I have | lost faith it: them. Still I should like to | knew your friend. Is he rich V 4 I believe, madame, he lias enough.' > 4 Indeed ? Now I should by all means like | to fee the man who has enough. Will you | aek him to speak to me. Mr. Pilgrim !' j Mr. Pilgrim went and spoke a few words I to his friend, ard then they came np together. 4 A gentleman/ Mrs. Pollen said to herself as she saw the naw-comer. 4 Not of Mr. Pilgriin'e class. Must he a good fellow, as poor Pilgrim tikes him so much/ ! He waaa hsaisome, well-set- upyoung man, with rapid, easy movements and a profile , slightly aquiline — a slight mcaet&che;, and no beard. 4 Decidedly I like him/ she said. 4 Allow me, madame,' Mr. Pilgrim said, 4 to present to you Mr. Albert Romont. 4 Albert Romont ? Are you Bertie Romcnt ?' Mrs. Pollen asked. 4 People do call me Bertie Romont, I suppose,' he added, composedly. 4 The passion for diminutives is something im planted in the human heart. 4 Then you are the young man we have been reading about in the newspapers ? It was ycu who went out to New York as a steerage passenger in some dreadful ship, and c&me; back and wrote all abont it ? And you went and lived in some shocking place here in Fitzoreeham, and showed up all the horrors in the papers V Yes, I did that ; but there wasn't much to make a talk about. It was capital fan, and it was quite time somebody did something abcat this place here.' His eyebrows con tracted ; be was speaking in good earnest. 4 Weil, I can quite believe that. How long did you live in the place V 4 Oh, a few weeks only. Just enough to see exactly how the Qnfostunate people were living and how tittle anybody was doing for them or thinking abont them. Bat I really do not deserve any credit ; I liked it ; I like seeing things for myeelr. I dare say I wouldn't have done it if I didn't like it.' 4 Did our friend h?re, Mr. Pilgrim, know all about the enterprise V Oh, yes ; helped me in lots of ways. ' Mr. Pilgrim had been standing out of the conversation thus far ; he now edged awkwardly in. He felt inwardly delighted that Mrs. Pollen seemed to take so readily to his friend. 4 Oh, yes ; Pilgrim and I are old chums/ the young man said. 4 1 don't do anything without bis advice/ 4 1 want to do something for these poor people, if I can,' Mrs. Pollen Baid ; ' I hope yon will show me what to do and bow to co it.' 4 1 den't think there Is much to be done In that sort cf way,' Bomout eaid, abruptly. 4 In what sort of way ? 4 Well, I suppose you mean the giving of money. I don't knew that yoo wouldn't be likely to do more harm than good/ 4 Bat yea can teach me how to do good and not harm, I suppose? Is the-e anything to be done for them without money ?' 4 The money is so apt to go to the wrong i people.' 4 It generally gees to the wrong people in life, I am inclined to think. But come ; have you any objection to my trying to do some u cod for there unfortunate creatures? I shall be here a good deal, yon know. Do you want to keep your bensficenee all to yonrself ? May I not lend a hand ?' Oh, yes, of course ; I have no objection—' 4 Considerate young man !' 4 Only things are apt to get muddled some how. especially when— well, when 4 When women interfere V | 4 Well, yes, Mrs. Pollen ; as yon pat it so 1 plainly/ I 'I eta eure your manner pot it plainly enough.' , 4 1 am afraid I have got into a way cf saying oet too directly what I think/ 4 Don't you think much of women? Some woman spoils yoo, I feel sure,' Mrs. Pollen eaid, looking at him with an expression of half-pit ing interest, 4 toil me who it is ? I? it your mother ! It is my mother/ he Answered withe laugh, and a boyish bio&h; on his handsome « faoe/ 4 1 thought eo. Yon are a younger son, of eoorse?' 4 Yes, I am a younger eon, but how did yon know?' T 4 Isn't it plain enough? Mothers only spoil their younger eons. What a lucky thing for yon that your whims took the form of philanthropy ; for I dare say your moher wonld have indulged yen in any folly. Shall I say any other tolly V I dare say "be would.' He was much amassd and interested by her outspoken ways, and her singular faculty of jomping to right conclusions. 4 Well, I tike yon,' Mrs. Pollen said. 4 Yoar mother must be a very sweet woman, I am sure. I think she has spoiled yoo very nicely. 4 Yes, I like you, and I hope we shall meet again.' 4 1 hope so, too. I am sure we shall ; and in the meantime will you allow me to suspend my judgment ?' 4 About me ?! 4 If j ca please. He was evidently deter mined to be as outspoken as she was. 4 Certainty. I shouldn't tike you to make up you; mind aooat people as quickly as I do. You are eure to tike me when you know me, and I can waif.' fTO BK CONTI SITED.) 