Sports and Pastimes. By Verax. During the past week some good work has been done at Eagle Farm by a number of the horses engaged at the forthcoming Q..T.O. meeting. The training ground is in good order, and the weather has been favourably for training operations for some time past. No particular move has been made in the market yet, and no special selection has at present been made by the public. In a few days, how ever, wo may hear of something definite. Sura banda appears to mo to be well worth backing for the big event, and how the handicappers came to let her off so easy, I can't imagine. The weights for the minor handicaps are out, and there are good entries for tho lot. If tho acceptances are at nil in proportion to the entries,' there should be some real good sport at Eagle Farm on tho 23rd and 2otli. It is rather awKward writing at this time, as I have not tho acceptances to go on; but still, for all that, a cursory glance may bo taken at the list. In tho May Handicap, My Love (D st. 5 lb3.) heads the list, and .Ringlet (6 st. 4 lbs.) is the bottom weight. Respite (9 st. 3 lbs.) comes next, and then Sportsman with a pound less. On several occasions. Sportsman has shown what he can do when ho likes, and he should pick up a race or two for his owner. Sara banda's name, of course, figures amongst the entries with S st. 12 lbs. up. All the old names appear in the entries, and it is a useless waste of time to keep repeating them over and over again. I shall have more to say about the various events in next week's notes. Warwick races appear to have been a de cided success, and there were good fields on both days of the meeting. The principle event on the first day was the Warwick Handi cap of £50, and this produced a good race. Preston was the most admired, but My Lore also had a good many friends. Merryjig led away and quickly assumed a lead of about two lengths, Darkie, Laurel, My Lore, and Rattrap following woll together, Preston bringing up the rear. Very soon Laurel nnd Darkie began to fall away, and were quite out of it. At the back Preston ran up into second place; My Love and Rattrap also began to call on tbe lender. At the apple trees Preston was leading, My Love and Rattrap following in the order i named, both looking dangerous; Merryjig | having retired . to fourth place. Preston led into the straight, and a most exciting race up I the straight followed, My Love and Ritfcrap each making a gallant effort to achieve victory. Preston, however, maintained premier position to the end, winning a splendid race by half a length from My Love, who finished about a length in front of Rattrap, Merryjig fourth, Darkie fifth, nnd Laurel last. Time:2mins 4d sees. The Ladies' Bracelet was won by Mr. A. Court's Zimbla, a two-year old, carrying S st., whilst Mr. Pinnie's Sportsman, with tbe crusher of 13 st. up, was second. Mr. Gill's Pirate won the Piving Handicap. Ou the second day of iho meeting there was another fair race for the WarwioltTurf Club Handicap. Betting: 6 to 1, My Love; 10 to 3 Merryjig; 4 to 1, Rattrap; 4 to 2 Preston. After two or three attempts the field was sent away to an indifferent start, Pre3ton nnd Merryjig leading and the other two a length behind When half-a-inilo had been traversed Rattrap was seven lengths behind, nnd it soon became evi dent that hi was out o: it. Preston and Merryjig raced all the wnv, Iho only alteration during tbe next half- mile being that My Love fell back slightly, and Rattrap, under the whip, drew up a'littlo. Passing the stand the first time round Preston had a slight advantage, but Merryjig again drew up level with him, and the two paced stride for stride ti I the top of the straight was reached. Pje- ton then drew awav uud wou by a length from Merryjig, My Love being third. Time: Smins. 45sees. Sunlight won tho Corinthian Cup. The Stag (ho Selling Race, and Rattrap tho Consola i »n Handicap. At the settling tho following sums were paid over:—Mr. J. M'Gill, £107: Mr. A. Court, £30; Mr. C. H. Wills, £2: Mr. E.Morgan, £30; Mr. W. Morgan. £10; Mr J. Finnic, £24 ; Mr. E. Mitchell, £20; Mr. J. Altaian, £3; Mr. J. Barrett, £20 ; Mr. P. Cauuwm, £5; C.Bakrr. £13. ThoS.AJ.C. meeting, held in Mclltourne, proved u decided success, both as regards at I tendance and racing. Although debarred by I tho action of those in authority from racing at 1 Adelaide, the S.A.J.C. were determined not to be done, and accordingly arrngod for iheir meeting to bo held at Flcmington. Tho Good wood Handicap proved a good thing for tho lightly weighted Lintcrn, who with G st. 12 lbs. on his six - year - old buck, romped in an easy winner, doimr tho milo in 1 miu. 41 goes. Lrrd Wilton, 7 st. 5 lbs. was second ; utul Tho Ghost, 7 st. 11 lbs., third. Wriiing of tbe runaway victory of Liuitero, "Noma," in the Sydiisi/ .l/a:7, says :~;t Tho runaway victory of Lantern, on Saturday last, was another instance of the un intentional mistakes made now and agaiu by handicapperR in framing the weights for ail important race. True it is that the previous forhi of the South Australian was not at first sight good enough, nor the company he suc cessfully ran amongst any., sufficient line, to warrant Mr, Barnard in being severe with him, but a glance at bis performances will show he has invariably been called upon to carry trig weights. The name of Lantern doee not appear in the Turf Jltgitter ug a two or three yeur old. Last year he was out seven times, on four occasions earning winning brackets— namely, In the Maiden Plate, at Went worth; the Flying Handicap, at the same place, three months later; as also the Ladies1 Trophy and Free handicap. At tho Adelaide'Hacing Club Meeting he was unplaced to Topatf in the City Handicap of one ttiild, the winner carrying 12 lb3. more, and he has, moreover, finished a long way behind Gymkhana. L&Ktefn; was introduced into the betting on the Monday before the race, when he was bickcd to win both the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide Cup for all tho money in tho market at 50 to 1, after ■ which 33 to 1 wjh the most liberal offer." ' The Adelaide Cup was won by Lord Wilton, with 7 fct. up, after a biilliant tusde with Anchorite, 7at. 7 lbs., and Sardius, S tt. 10lbs The race had to bo postponed from Thursday until Saturday, on account of the weather. From the latest wires it will be seen that Paradox won the 2,000 guineas at Newmarket. This horse has been a warm favourite all through the winter in England, both for the Guineas and The Derby, and he will be a terrific hot customer for the Blue Ribbon now. Archer would, of course, have the mount; but he will be seen on the back of Melton in The j Derby, and that means a pound or two in the 1 horse*s favour over this course. The One Thousand was won by the Duke of "West minster—Farewell by Doncaster, Lily Agnes by'Tom Jennings—Jane, being second, and the Duke of Portland's Satchell, third. Pro bably Archer would ride Farewell, and if so it will he seen that he is in grand form again. Bendigo won the Lincolnshire Handicap, the first big race of the season, and he started a very hot favourite. X re member seeing Bendigo win the Cambridge shire when ho just managed to bowl Mr. Long's Tonans over, and Hackness was third, X believe. Ho is a sterling good horse, and took my fancy immensely at the time, but X had such a straight tip about Tonans that X left the son of Ben Battle alone. It was one of the most exciting races I ever saw, and Mr. Long was exceedingly unlucky to have such a horse as Bendigo in front, for, bar "the pugilist," it would have been an easy win for the Australian sportsman's horse. Bird of Freedom, a three-year old; ran second, and this is the best on record for a three-year old since the day Tomahawk, a three- year'.old/ carrying G st 4 lbs., -won in 1874 with Archer in tho saddle. Tomahawk was owned by Mr. Fred Swindells, and he refused several thou sand pounds for the horse after the race. MuoMahon was third, and aa he belongs to the Peck confederacy, those astute men were bowled out this time. Mr. Finnie has been buying some horses down in Melbourne, and has received Mar gheri a, a three-year-old by Gang Forward Queen of Naples, for 1it) guineas, and Hearts ease, a two-year < Id by Angler—Ace of Hearts, for 55 guineas. Mr. Finnic bought the Boo for 50 guineas. A friend of the English sporting writer, " Rapier," in a few notes on the subject of the shape of horses, says:—Don't you think the truth of the matter is that the long and low a»e the best stayers over long courses, and the betwixfc-and-between "square" animals the best for general racing purposes ? Such, at | least, is the conclusion I have arrived at after accustoming my eye by practice to take in, utmost without conscious effort, the relative height and length of racehorses. Of course, it is absurd to lay down hard and fast rules on any subject where Dame Nature plays an all important part, for she is as likely as not to prove them by an overwhelming mass of exceptions; bat, all the same, there is something to be learnt from loose theo ries. For instsn :o, it is fair to lay down the broad proposition that long, low horses go, as a class, best over flat," dead galloping courses, or through deep going, and jump width best: whilst short, high horses are better on a hilly course, over rough ground, and at jumping height. We have only to look back, and compare the configuration and pecu liarities of the various hunters we have ridden, and to mark the broad distinction that exists between the roll of winners of the Derby and St. Legcr (there is very little difference really in tho distances of tho two races), to see that there is a good deal in these generalisations. If measured for height from the withers to the ground, and for length from the front of the breast to the point of tho quarters, nine horses out Nof tcu will be found to be as nearly as possible actually square; that is to say. they measure tho same num ber of feet cither way. It follows that relative length and breadth, ac cording to popular notions, is in reality optical delusion, and that the *' short and high'' animal appears so only because it is high ou the leg ; whilst the "long, low" horse of the same number of hands nukes up f>r being shorter in the leg by being deeper in the girth. Tho longer the legs7 the longer the stride and tho greater tho speed for a >hort distance ; tho deeper the girth tho greater tho chest capacity, mul coit>oqucntly iho staviug powers. Wo all know with what case Y. lup tuary won the Grand National last } ear over tho trying 4| miles of tho Liverpool course. Voluptuary stayed so well bceauMi of his ex ceptional girth. Sachem i* a well-shaped horse, deep through the heart, and Voluptuary is, I am told, 6 in. more in girth than Sachem. "Typhi," in the Xi/d/nt/ JhuY, writes, "I was not a little amused at a remark that foil from Hanlan's lips iu the course of his address at tho banquot given to liim by tho Mercantile Rowing Club. Ho said that for three days after ho was defeated by B;ach ho dared not read one of tho Australian papers, so afraid was ho of the adverse criticism ihev might contain >rith regard to himself. From ibut admission it was plain that his mind had wan dered back to the time be first met and de feated Edward Triekett on the Thames, when: not only Were the American papers particularly roagh on Ned, bnt Hanlnn himself bad done* all bo could think of during the race to make as* little of liis opponent as possible, lying down in his boat, propelling his boat by pulling first •with one scull, then the other, until, as Hell's Life said, they expected to sco him get up in his boat and do a Highland fling or a break down. 'Thtuyj'-as. the Bard of Avon hag it„ 1 conscience does make cowards of us all." William Beach could have easily indulged iiu similar freaks in either of his races with Han Ian ; but having beaten a worthy opponent, he knew what was due from one man t* another,, • and treated his antagonist accordingly.77 Things worth knowing That 0. "W. Bennett won the five-mile b5eycl& * championship of N.S.W. That he is in grand form, and will be bad to boat this season. That Captain Taylor of the Garnet is the most popular skipper on the river. That* Humpybong has become quite a cele brated retreat, and all owing to Captain Jack. That "Willis's Dramatic Company have made a pile up country. That they are coming to Brisbane to spend it. That it was a case of " the more the merrier'* . last Sunday at Brighton. That the cry was, "I say, Cabby," when it became Hark. That fancy dres3 balls are Eomewhat of a myth out here. That the gent in the jesthetic dress on Tues day evening ought to have been presented with i a ticket for Dunwich. That Miss Ward and Mr. W. H. Vernon will do good business here. That tbeir repertoire is an extensive one. That Monty Browne worked Sala's show irr grand style. That the Johnsonians acted as bodyguard. That Appleby's benefit was a glorious suc cess. . \- That Eugarde's "England11 is published, and should have a large sale; 