(To the Editor of the Kyneton Observer). SIB,—The poor despised Salvation Army has raised a ghost in Woodend which I am afraid will not be easily laid by any homespun yarn of mine. But coorse I mean to try whether he is the real Samuel fearing I might be deceived like Saul by one of Satan's Imps, with counsel, as from an angel of Ught. Av coorse 4 • Civilian's" letter with itB snatch Of Latin song, and couplet is very fine and learned writing no doubt,—of that lam no judge, as the hedge—schoolmaster in my young days was satisfied if his scholars made headway with the three R's; without troubling them withheathen ologies. When Civilian" harps on the many faults of the Army and itś followers, and places thein so nakedly before your readers . without attempting to propose a remedy I will merely class him with the common grumbler: but av coorse you will allow me to look over the alleged shortcomings of the Army, and try to put Civilian" on the straight path. He admits that some good is done by the Army in the rescue of criminals and outcasts, but, says ho, their method of advertising, their good works is notorious while as good work is done in a quieter way by a nameless society. Unseemly expedients for raising the wind is another glaring sin in the eyes of Mr Prim. In alluding to the wedding as a source of profit he is misleading ; I understand the charge was made in order to avoid crush. Be the charge, however, small, it has the effect of regulating a crowd ; but 4 perhaps 4 Civilian" objects to publii marriages, yet I am loth to think he does, as a denomination which will be nameless acts in a like manner minus the charge. 4 4 Civilian " was discreet enough to allow that money was necessary for carrying on an enterprise ; were the means by bazaar or sewing bee his scruples av coorse would vanish if the coppers were replenished. The slur that sixpences are more thought of than souls, is a base imputation on hard worked class of people who are ever in harness. How wide the contrast as pictured by the Greek poet, Repwoc.— " Enecs eht esolc repsihw derb llew a htiw dna, Krow rieht pu ddduh, setunim neetfif tsuj Etorw reven yeht tahw gnidaer dna 1 meh Txet a eonuonorp'. niaga nwod piks neht dna. Piksa htiwjnurtsoreht tnuomtaht sgniht eht Mohw ekil."— or a couplet from the Irish poet, Burns,— "0 wad some pou'r the giftie «ie ns To Bee ourssls as I&ARS; Bee UB !" The word 44 saved " and the fair of pi lytising are objectional. to : , " Civilii Why' not carry them to church as of-elden times, if such proselytes ara so eelf-wilTed^ as to enjoy freedom of action, :&nd; 'refuse to dance to another's piping ? As regards' long and careful preparation, the impressive chargń of a Bishop and -self-conflecration being sufficient to establish salvation, the desired eSect seems not to have been, forthcoming, since the penitent form, and: a few earnestly spoken truths delivered in a homely way, lacking av coorse, the polish of college breeding, yet powerful, withal, were" more potent for good.- " ' 4 Civilian" would seem to exercise a fatherly careover eomelof the Army converts ; perhaps the soldier whose mild hypocrisy, pains him so much, will abstain, when he hears of so much solicitude for his welfare, and save the Army regulations from being relaxed to avoid wounding such suceptible natures as 44 Civilian's." I am, etc.,. R KING'S OMR. Campsspe, Oct 22, .1885; 