AUNT POWELL'S WILL I (FKOJt JIAUI'KU'S MAQAZIXE) I You wouldn't boliovo mo if I told you what nu oxciteinent it raised whon Abnor * got Aunt Powell's letter Baying how tho doctor had ordered hor away from tlio New England' climato, and that sho was coming to Pennsylvania, and wanted him to look up a quiet littlo country.liouso fur her near up to Glostor. Nothing ex travagant, sho said; just a littlo home whoro she could end hor days within call of hor brother's childron, and feel that sho wasn't ' alono in tho wox¥l. Sh« wouldn't want to pay ovor 20,Ul)0dol. sho said. Law iuo ! tho buzzing thoro was in tho family, when wo all learned tho nows! And it was nearly a wholo day boforo we knew anything about it ! Jonnio Powell always was mercenary and selfish. I saw that, and said so too, long beforo Abner married hor, and sho porsuaded her hus band to keep that lotter a secrot, so as to liavo Aunt Powell's affair in tlioir own hands. J ust as though Aunt Powell wasn't as dear to tho othor childron as she could bo to a woman who novor so much ai hoard of her until sho married into our family. But Jennie was just 03 gossipy and talkativo as sho was merconary, and moro-too, a-nd sho couldn't go to bed with such nows as that and live through the night, and sho know it. So, boforo sun sot, out it all camo, in solemn confidence, to half a dozon acquaintances and three or four rolations. And tlion how wo raced from house ? to houso, and how our tongues run and run, . and how wo tried to find out everything and toll nothing ! And tho family con sulfations held in overy Powell house that ^ ? night aftor tho children wero put to bed ! _;Vnd the showers of lottera .that fell into tho Glostor post-oflico that night after all the town was asleep, addressed to Miss Lucinda Powell, Skenadoquonooksis, Maino ! Loin said ho was too sleepy to \- write for mo, but I made him do it, and posted liim off with it. And what should ho do but go over to Abnor Powell's and - tell Abnor ho was going to tlie post-office, and ask liim if ho had any letters ho could \- carry down and post for him ! Abnor sat thoro at tho table, up to ' his eyes in ink and papor. He stared at Lem, and thon began to stammer, and finally, looked at Jennie. ' No,' snapped Jonnio, 'wo haven't \- any letters you can post for ub. What did 'you want to know for?' And Lem laughed, and said he only wanted to bo neighbourly, and wient on. And if that aggravating man didn't sit down on the office stops and stay there in tho . dark until past midnight waiting for tho others to como ! And they camo right along,' Abner Powell first ono, and Jaspor .Blako Humor Powoll and 'Siah Bradloy and Warder Martin. And ovory timo one of them mon camo along and began fumbling and feeling in tho dark for tho box, Lom would call him by namo and say, ' Good evoning. You will find tho letter-box in tho lowor right-hand panel of tho door.' Abnor Powell jumpod so when he called to him that ho knocked off his hat and broko his spoctacles against tho door. ? \ Abnor's a littlo near-sighted ; and nono of 'cm thanked Loin for making tliem look so ridiculous : but wlion X told him I didn't think it was just tho thing to aggravate tho rest of them and get thcin down on us, lio said ho. was only a brothor-in-law .- . to this family anyhow, and ho was willing to tako his thirds out in fun, And noxt morning' if old Bert Cramer, tho post master, didn't ask Hambr, right beforo all the loungers of tho storo, if tho Powoll ? family had got special rates on letters to. . Skenadoquonooksis ! As though it was . ' i»ny of his business how many lettora peoplo wrote to tlioir father's only sister I ' -.To toll tho truth, wo hadn't none of us corresponded much with Aunt Powoll, ?- ? only for somo five or six years back. She - and fatlior, you' boo, woro only children, and wero left orphans at an early ago. : Father camo ' to Pennsylvania when ho was quite a young man, married here, and. \- sottled down in Glostor. .'He didn't.accu . . mulato much of anything but a family, and ho never felt ablo to go back to seo tlio sistor ho loft toachiug school down in Maino. Aftor mother died he wrote to ? Aunt Powell, offer jig her a homo with hiin. It was vory generous in- father; for ho was not a rich man— far from it. But Aunt Powoll wroto a vory .'sympathic lotter and kind of incidentally asked how many children he had ; and whon ho told ' . her six, her next lettorwas just as kind as it could be, and alio thanked him for find ing timo, in the. midst of his numerous household and business cares, to remember hor, and think of her aokindly in connection with his own dear ones, but sho was verv comfortablo, sho said ; she needed nothing; sho profored school - teaching to house keeping, and was too busy to tako tho timo ? for such a long journey. - So we novor saw hor; but I dont think- anybody was vory much disappointed at 'the time, ex copt fatlior. ' But by-and-by camo storios of a very romantic ohapter in Aunt Powell's Iub tory. We didn't lioar anything about it until long after father died. ' Sho was engaged to a young seacap tain, and that was beforo our mother died. One day ho 'came 'to' bid Aunt Powoll good-by. Ho was going to India and Australia beforo ho returned, and whon he citmo back thoy woro to bo married. Ajj he walked away down the little garden path that lod from the cottage door ho turned, and loosing the blue korcliief from about his neck, tossed it back toward her, whon sho stood trying in vain to fight back hor tears, and called, ?' Dry. your blue eyes witli this whilo I'm gono, sweetheart.' But a broatli of wind caught tho drift ing bit of silk away from hor outstretched hands and tcsscd it into tho climbing branclioB of a rose-tree that arohed above \- the window. 'Oh,, my love-token !' cried Aunt Powoll. 'Tho wind takes away my lovor, and thon Bnatches his koopsoko away from 1110 !' 'Novor mind,' I10 called back, in his clioery way — ' novor. mind, heart of mine ; lot it flutter aloft thore till I como back.' And Aunt Powoll throw him a kiss, and then tho tears iii hor bluo oyes shut out her lover liko a mist, and tho mist never, cleared away. For sumnior and. winter : cahio and wont, and the bluo korchicf in the rose-tree paled in . tho sun and faded in the rain. The winds rent and tattered it, the roses camo and hid it, and the win ter days showed it a ragged signal of faded bide fluttering liko a llag of distress from somo storm-beaten ship ; ? but tlio hand that sot tlie signal was gleaming whito down in tho red coral. The angry - winds that had driven hor lover's ship upon the pitiless rocks camo in tho June days and kissed- tho faded koroliiof softly, and carossed it tondorly, as though, in sorrow for what thoy had done ; -and in Dccombor thoy snatched and tore at it. angrily, 'as though they would I destroy overy traco of tho sailor from off tho faco of tho earth. But Aunt Powell never touched - it. 'Lot it wavo tliero till ho comes back,'i sho Baid : 'ho may sco.it jot, somo day, : and know that I mn waiting for him. ' ? And so it fluttered and faded, and littlo , by little tho winds toro it away, . and tlio bluo in hor eyes faded with the 'silicon token, and thoir light grow dim as tho hopo in her heart wont out. 'AH that hor sailor had in tho world ho had loft to his- sweothcart. Ho waa an only child, and whon his hoart-broken old fathor followed him, in a few years, I10 too left his fortuno, which wai an ample ono, to tho girl I10 lovingly callcd his daughter, in his will. And so our doar Aunt Powoll ? waa very rich. But sho never married. Lovera knelt at her foot, for bIio was still beautiful, but there was only ono imngc in her hoart. And so sho grew old and rich - and lonely. But' whon, littlo by little, this story camo to us, our hearts warmed to our father's only sistor. Wo wnito to hor often and most affectionately. We- learned hor birthday, -and always remembered hor with loving message* and such littlo presonts as wo could afford. I oncouraged the childron to write to her, and tern wont and told Abnor about it, and if Jonnio didn't keop ovory one of her four childron away from Sunday-school, tho vory next Suntfay aftorn'oon, to mako tliem writ'o to Aunt Powoll ! I told Mrs. Eoborts I thought sho ought to be dis ciplined for it, if slio was my own brothor's wifo. . Tlio idea that any woman could imperil tho jouls of her own children for her own merconary schoinosj For my own part, I loved Aunt Powell honostly and disinterested. Jonnio, I know, wa3 mercenary from tho very, start, and so was Hauler's wife, but thoy wasn't neither of thom Powolls. When Jasp:tr Blako built his' now houso 011 Wayne .Street Maria wrote to Aunt Powell that they hid built the largest room in the house with a big bay-window especially for hor ; it would always lio callcd ' Aunt Powell's room,' and whether shsevor camo to stav in.it or not-, no ono olsc would over occupY ft. And for a vory good reason too : thoy weren't ablo to furnish it ; and thoy didn't even paint it, for that matter, for nearly two yoars aftor they lived in that houso, and thoy used it for a gonoral - lumber room. A nice timo Aunt Powoll, or any body else, except tho rats, would havo had living in that 'nico largo room !' Well, at last Aunt Powoll camo, with Beven trunks and a French maid. Abner dfovo over to tho -station to bring her home. Ho and Jennie had it all fixed up to tako her .right to their house, aiid Bliut all tho rest of us out on tho plea that Aunt Powell was fatigued and nodded rest. But Jonnio, as usual, conlidcd hor littlo plan to threo or four ' con tidential friends outaido tho family. Sho seemctl more surprised than delighted to seo us as wo came dropping in about fifteen or twenty minutes beforo stago time, and when Abnor camo, loading Aunt Powell into a parlor just full to tho windows with his brothers and sistera and their children, his faco was a study for a photographer. He didn't even have tho pleasure of being master of ceremonies ill his own houso either, for before he could recover from his amazomont wo had captured Aunt Powell) introduced oursolvcs, and made tho most of our first opportunity. If evor Aunt Powell had beon beautiful, it was a long time boforo wo saw her. Hor eye3 wore bright as diamonds, but ono of them was a littlo ' sot,' aud she could pin you with that oyo like a gimlet. Sho was tall and angular ; dressed liko a lady, but vory quietly, and woro no jcwolry, save an elegant pearl pin at hor throat. Her maid was' tho ugliest and crosscst creature in all this world, I do believe, and ns nono of ub understood a word of French, tho bits of conversation thoso two used to have whon wo wore with thom wero fairly maddening, especially if Aunt Powell happened to transfix you with hor ' sot' eye, whilo she looked at hor maid with tho othor. ' In about a month Aunt Powoll felt strong onough to look at tho places Abner had selected for her. But nono of them suited,, and at last Bhe grow weary of law yers and agonta, arid began to talk mourn fully about going back to licr home in Maino. . 'Where I know I will dio of homo- . Bickness,' she Baid, ' bccauso I havo, for the first time in my ? life, learned how sweet, it is to live among those of your own blood.' ' Aunt Powell,' I spoke up, quiok as, a flash, .' why should you wear yourself , out looking for a homo when you always seem so cqutonted in tho littlo bluo room at our houso ? ..It, isn't what you've been accus tomed to, I know, but if you like it, or will endure it, I can't tell you how glad we will all bo to call it yours, and all tho rest of your days you can— ' With that Aunt Powell stopped my words with kisses, and began to cry. . Whon she could command her voice sho blessed 1110, and said my liopio should bo hers 'for tho littlo timo,' sho faltored, ' that I want a homo.' / And that vory afternoon Aunt Powell and the sevori trunks and the French maid wore moved to our houso, and I was hated most cordially and politely by all tlio sisters and brothor3 in the Powell family. . ? . Onco settled, I am. freo to say Aurft Powell was anything but a pleasant com panion.. Sho had lier breakfast at all hours of tho morning, sometimes in tho diningroom, sometimos in her own room, and sometimes in my sittingroom. Sho was gonorally irritable and imperious, and acted a3 though tho houso belonged to hor. At othor ..times ( sho had a. wonderfully sweet, winning way with hor that charmed you in Bpito of yourself,' Tho cliiidron never liked hor, howovor, and as she de tested tobacco, Lem's ono littlo weakness, his after-supper cigar was reformed- in short ordor. 'Mark tho perfect man,' said Lent ; but I caught him onco or twico puffing away at a great black pipe out in the wood-slicd, so I wasn't much afraid,, that his reformation wasgoinj* to strike in on him. Aud^Aiint Powoll ? ' couldn't abide a great blinding glare of light,' so our cheery little homo- was shut up until it was as dismal as a spare room. She slept tho greater part of tho morning, and wo had to Bit up and entortain hor Iato ovory night, so that wo who had to rise with tlio lalk nearly died of sloopinoss. It was very ' wearing; -but wo bore it bravely. ; - , ' We can work a groatdeal harder than this for 50,000 dol,' Lem used to groan as ho fell into bod at night, and tlio un measured envy of my brothers and sisters kept mo bravely up., ? .After wo hsid endured this for two full s years, if Aunt Powoll didn't up ancl go to Abnor's ! I was so mad I broko down and .cried, _ 'Don't bo so heart-broken about it, my dear child,' said Aunt Powoll, tcndorly. Ami thon sho put her arms about me, and told me how sorry alio was to go away , from tho littlo blue room that had become bo dear to hor ; but somo talk had reached hor oars, she-Baid, that oonvinccd her tlio othor ohildron were jealous of hor staying so long with me, and alio could not boar to bo tho causo of any contention. Sho . was going to stay with Abner for a'littlo ? whilo to pacify Jonnio (Jonnio, I know inysolfj was really outrageous, and talk ing . dreadfully). ' ' But it's only for a little whilo,' Aunt Powoll said. ' Keep tho littlo bluo room for 1110. ' And away wont Aunt Powoll, French maid, and the scvon trunks — 'tho Pleia des,' Loin called thom. And voxed as I was about it all, the children woro so de lighted, Lem looked so comfortablo with his agar — for he foil from graco the minuto the restraining causo was gone— and the houso.was so bright and cheery, that I folt half reconciled to it. 'Let's go to bod boforo supper,' said Lem.v ' I haven't had a square ration of sleep in two years.' Aunt Powoll led J onnio a danco, and I was glad of it. Jonnio, whatevor other faults sho had, and I do liot screen her, ovon though sho Is my own brother's wifo, ia a model housekooper. Everything goes by clock-work in that houso. Tho vory cat goes to bed at nine o'clock, and knows better than to get up boforo tho nlarm olock rings at half past fivo in the morn ing. Jonnio wouldn't put off her regular Bwoeping days not' for a funeral in tho house. But Aunt Powoll, as soon ns sho \- found ? what wero tho sweeping days,, sottled upon those vory days for taking hor morning liap in tho parlor. Abnor Powell was as afraid of a horso as a cat is of wator, and Aunt Powell made liim drivo her out twico a weok. I wondor tho man didn't turn gray. I don't believe a single wash-day passed while she was living with Abner that sho didn't insist on having some of us to dinner, although that was nearly as hard, on tho rest of us as it was on Jennie. I think bIio lived at Abner'a for two years, and thon sho wont to Warder Mar tin's, Sarah's husband. Thoy refurnished the parlor for her, and gave up tlioir own room to that hateful Frenoh maid. Aunt Powoll ruled them with a rod of iron for ten months, and thon actually quarrelled with Sarah Martin, tho sweetest, best tempered woman in tlio world ! It was the first quarrel, I believe, Sarah over had in hor life. Nono of ua ever thought sho knew how to quarrel, but Aunt Powell managed to goad her into it somehow, and thon wont off in a huff to Hamor Powell's, leaving poor Sarah heart-brokon, and Ward Martin so mad that I10 tumbled the Beven trunks out into tho middle of tho stroetinbroad daylight, and let them stand thero, a spectacle for tho gossipingost street in Glostor, until Hamer . Powell hoard of it, and camo with a dray to got' thom. Hamer went to Ward wliilo tho man wa3 loading on the trunks, and began to talk to him, a littlo severely; I guess, about tho way ho had acted ; but ? Ward roared out that if lie said a word to. him he'd stand him -and tho wholo Powell family on their,heads alongside the trunks, to tho great delight of tho wholo streot, and tho unbounded wrath of Aunt Powell, who heard of it. That very riight sho sont for a lawyer, and beforo sho went to bed wo know that a now will had been made, and Sarah and Ward were loft out of it. Of course Aunt Powell.felt so strongly in th6 matter we couldn't well go against hor. She refused to seo Sarah or her husbaud, or go whero tlioy were, and so wo had to leave tliem out of all tho family gatherings, and cut them dead 011 tho street if wO mot them when Aunt- Powoll was with us. 'They acted very- unreasonable about it, and ig nored tlio rest of us every whoro : all ex cept Lem. Lom visited there just a3 usual, and told Ward he intended to divido his portion of tho Powell fortuno ' with him. Woll, our aunt lived with Hamor Powell a year. Hamor was a tollor in tho Glostor bank, and it was through him we learned, that Aunt Powell had a big tin box, locked and sealed, deposited in tho vault of tho bank. Sho got along pretty well that yqar, for Hainer and Alice woro young peoplo, very lively,, and had lots of young company, and didn't mind Aunt Powell's ways vory much. They had no settled ways of their own to bo rooted out of, and no childron for Aunt Powoll to train, and on tlie whole they sooined to liavoan easy timo with her. From Hamor's sho went to Ellon Bradloy'a, quarrelled witli Ellon straight along every day for months, and thon lived quietly onough for the rest of tho year ; and thon went to Maria Blake's, revolutionised ovory thing about tlio houso, scolded tho children, quarrelled with Maria, and bullied Jaspar, and just as I was beginning to hopo sho was coining back to its, alio melted into her very sweetest temper, , lived like ail angel for a fow months, and died ono morning with her head pillowed in Maria's arms. ? Well, the day aftor the funeral wo all gathered' at Abnor Powell's to hear the will read. I know my heart was full of real sorrow, but if thoro Was ono throb of genuiiio griof in another heart in that room, their faces didn't show it. J onnio Powell's countenanco was tho very im personation of greedy eagerness, and I thought 'Siali Bradley was going to snatch tho 'will out of tho lawyer's hands. Lom sat with his faco buried in his handkor chiof, and I was really delighted with tho way lio was behaving until I saw liim wink at Ward Martin — for Ward and Sarah woro both with us now — over tho topof his handkerchief. For my part, I tlunk Buch an occasion as that ia.fully as solemn as the funeral. Ward and Sarah, as wo all know, got' ono dollar apieco. Tho Bovon trunks, witli'all thoir contonts, woro loft to tlio French maid. . Tho'rcst of tho will doviscd all her proporty in Maino. Abner Powell got Borne pine lands, her closo carriago and black liorsos, and Jonnio got' a pearl ? nccklaco and 10,000 dol. in bank stock. Hamor got 180 acres of pine lands on the St. Croix River, and 4000 dol. in mining stock, and Alico ' was loft two houses in. Bangor and 500 dol. Sho gavo to myself and Lem 40,000 dol. , 15,000 dol. in inonoy and the rest in Boston and Maino railfoacl Block. - Ellon Bradloy aiid 'Siah got the manor houso and grounds at Skonadoquo nookBis, with all the' contents and appur tor.ances thereunto appertaining, savo a fowtrinkots and somo 'bits of furniture especially bequeathed to old sorvants. Maria Blako got 10,000dol. , arid Jasp.ar got tlio yacht and four town lots iii Bangor. It did Bcem too good to bo truo. Icriod as I thought of . tlio dear, loving soul who liad planned all tliiB happincs3 for us, and. wished I could have known her and loved . her in the earlier years of lior lonely lifo. Tho rest of thom trod to cry, but it was oosy to seo that it was a false, strained offort, and nono of thom succeeded very well oxcopt Sarah. Poor Sarah J wo woro all so sorry for hor. Thoy all 'seemed to think I should do something for hor, but I didn't seo how. I could sparo 10,000 dol. from what wo got, when wo had such a family 011 our hands. Our first duty .was to our children, of courso. Hamor said ho couldn't say what he could do until lio found what liis pino lands nnd mining stock woro worth. Ellon and 'Siah had 110 ready monoy, and thoy couldn't tell yet whether they would soil tho manor- liouso or livo ill it ; and Jaspar said I10 could let thom have ono of his t own lots in Bangor for a rcasonablo price nnd 011 long timo, if they wanted to go there and build 011 it. And so Ward, got up by-and-by, and took Sarah homo with him. and Lom stepped to tho front window; and fired a wink at them as thoy wont down tho stops that brought a grateful smile - through Sarah's tears and a grimace to Ward Mar tin's rough faco. All tho samo, I mado up my mind that Lem Wasson wasn't going to rob my children so long as the}' had a mother tolovo and caro for thom. And, after all, it was Ward Martin's own fault : wo all agreed that if ho hadn't acted tho way ho did about tho trunks, Aunt Powoll could havo beon reconciled. Then, aftor Ward and Sarah went away, the French maid camo in. Sho protested and stormed and vowed she would contest tho will, and threatened all sorts of dread ful things, and at last she becamo hysteri cal, ancl screamed until the neighbors began to run out into tho streot. Finally the boys had us pack all Aunt Powell's trunks, and thon thoy gavo the maid fifty dollars to tako thom away and be satisfied, and so thoy sont tho hateful thing away, and wo saw hor no more. In due time Abner Powell and Lawyer Bonnoy started away for Maino to tako pjjsession of things. I wanted Lem to go too. but ho said it wasn't tho thing for re cruits to bo too fresh, and lie would stay homo and sit up witli Ward. . Tho l-ost of ub whiled away the long daj-s of Abnor's absence by planning and quarrelling in the most excited mannor, now and thon tormented by tho sight of Sarah's disap pointed faco, although sho seldom mot with us now. Boforo Abnor went away ho resigned his placo as superintendent in the paper-mills, and Ward, who needed it so much, was appointed ill his placo. 'So that, aftor ali,' said Sarah, 'wo havo got something out of Aunt Powell's will.' Sovcn long, long, weary days, eight days, nine days, and no Abner. We bo gan to speak darkly in separate- groups, and watch Jennie closely, for wc suspected that Abner had embezzled all tho property and ran away to Europe, whoro Jennie aiid the children would join him. But on tho tenth day, whon most of Hto family was assembled in Abnor's house, tho stage drove up from tho station and- Abnor stag gored into the house. Haggard, pale as a ghost, his beard un shaven, his oyes sunk iu his head and glaring like a maniac's, his hair tangluil, his clothing rumpled and awry, and his whole appearance rough and \1nkc111pt',, tlio man looked so gray and ghastly wo were afraid. ' What is it?' I screamed, siozed with a liorriblo fear. 'Aimer Powell, what have yon done with my forty thousand dollars ?' 'Where is my bank stock ?' shrioked Maria. 'Whore is my. wife's dollar?' roared Waul Martin. 'Man!' shouted Hamor Powell, siczing him by the collar, 'don't toll nieyou have' been gambling on tho cars, for I'll strike you dead if you do!' 'Whero is our aunt's legacy ?' roared 'Siah Bradley, collering tlio haggard man 011 tlio other sido. Tho wretched creaturc gasped twice or thrice, and then said, iu a hoarse, strange voice, 'Thore ain't nono.' 'Then what have you done witli.it, you wretch?' we all screamed, gathering closo. around him. Tho vory lifo seemed to dio out of his faco, and only the glaring oyes tinned to ward us ashcgroaiied,'tlicreiieverwa3 any. ' Liar !' everybody shouted. Oh, you awful liar ! You robber ! You thoif ! Oh, you miserable scoundrel! You dreadful thief I' Anil Hamor Powell started Alice's boy off 011 the run to bring a policeman and tho burgessor and the bank watchman to arrest tho brazen-faced embezzler. But just before the policonian mado the arrest, Lawyer Boiiney, who had stopped at tho bank 011 his way to got Aunt Powell's tin box, camo in and told us every thing, for Abner was now incapablo of coherent speech. Aunt. Powell's 'manor houso' at Ske inidoqiionooksis was a littlo foiir-room cot tagc, swallowed. up clear out of sight, Law yer Bonnoy said, by two mortgages and a tax-title, and tliat was all. Sho never had a dollar in tho world boyond her savings from her salary as a school-teacher, and theso woro all spoilt since sho camo to Glostoh Tho pino lands 011 tho St. Crni-;, ?tlio railroad and mining stock and Bangor town lots described in tho will, wero pleasant fictions of Aunt Powell, s brain. Thoro was ono hopo loft. . Tho sealed and brass-locked tin box. Whilo wc sat, stunned and dumb, looking at each other, tho box was opened. It contained all our letters of years past, written to her when wo thought sho was very wealthy. Only theso and nothing moro. Thoro was a hollow groan run all round tho room. ' For mercy's Bake,' said Alico, 'do pull down tho' blinds some body !' And then tho boys and Lawyor Bonnoy countod up all tho expenses of tho funeral and Abner's trip and tho lawyor's expenses and foes; and wo had to throw in and mako up tho amount. ' All but Sarah's husband, ho only grinned when Hamer told- liim what is share would bo. 'Not a cent,' lio protested, shaking liia resoluto-iiead. ^ 'Aunt Powell didn't lcavo mo anything in lior will.' ' It seoms to mo, ' said Lom, byand by breaking an awful silenco with tho wolcomo sound of the human voico, ' that our aunt Powoll kind of played it onus.' , ' That ain't the worst of ib, ' groaned Abnor; rolling his hollow oyes up towards us — 'That ain't tho worst of it. We caught our breath and waited. ' Toll' us -the worst/man,' said Hamor. . '' Sho ain't our aunt Powell, and novor waB,' Baid Abnor, speaking liko a dying man. 'Fathor's siator Lucy married .1 Bliip-buildor and moved down to Bath fif teen yoars ago, and slio's living thoro now. This woman was lior liousokoopor when sho lived in—' If ho finished the Bonf, once nobody hoard liim.y_Whon.four women faint and 0110 goes into hysterics at tlio samo -time, no j body in that room pays much attention to conversation, «» Well Lom waB tondor as a mothor to mo Unit niglit. Only onco, after I10 had put lno to bed aiid got me quieted down, . ftI-d was smoothing down my. hcadacho, ho said, 'Woll, I'm only a Powell by brevet, and I never can take full rank, but — ' But I guess I looked too misorablo to bo teased, for he smiled, stooped to kiss 1110, and suddenly changing his tono. 'And after all,!' he said, 'Ward and Sarah aro the only ones who golAjinything out of Aunt Powell's will. Tho guor rillas are in luck.' 