Ash Wednesday, The Theatres and the Musio Halls. . ' ''An Interview with Mr. John v HoLLINQSUlIAD. Xnu torao announcement by (he Lord Cham berlain that the roatriotion whioh hna hitherto provontod performance of Btage plays on AbIi Wodnoeday is -withdrawn will delight many thousands of tho poorer inombera of tho dr.unftiic profession who have been the real sufferers by tho abuse. Tho move will bo 3X)DUlar With fill flljUKIPU Pnramnf.1 nmnn» those who have ugitated this question is Mr! John Hollingshead, whose southing i.ronun oisinontos on matters theatrical huve long amused tho world, and the manager of the Gaioty_ wns good enough to accord our repre sentative an interview on the subject. 'At last wa have triumphed, Ii dare say you have seen my letter in the Times,' -aid Mr. Hollingshoud. ' I havo agitated against the restriction for many years, and at last wo have triumphed. Now, of coureo, all the theatres will be able to open their doors on Ash TVednosd-iy, except tho ?court, whioh is not lioeneed by the Lord Chiun beriniu, but unless the Middlesex magistrates ?on Thursday and Friday prove themselves in harmony with the Government ofliuial, next Ash Wednesday we ehall havo.the doors of the theatres open, wbila the music-halls, at least those coming under the jurisdiction of the Middlesex magistrates, will be closed. Not all tho music- halls ? No. You may still bo able to go to the South London or any music hall on tho Surrey eide of the water — that is, whioh ooines within the jurisdiction of the Surrey magistrates. wb.M huve ulwaya declfted to minister to tho absurd anomalies rendered poaaiblo by ohaotio officialdom, But let us wait and sco. A PB0IE3T FEOJI XHE FlVE HuKEEED. As curly as 187S I begun to expose the absurd exemptions to the Ash 'Wednesday rule ?existing in various parts of tho country. And a protest from the metnhors of my three com panies, at the Gaiety, tho Opera Comique, and the Holborn Amphitheatre, was printed and published, ' begging moat emphatically to pro test against the law, custom, whim, and prejudice, whioh compelled them to remain idle, and to enrn nothing on Ash Wednesday, while tho three millions of people, more ?or less, in the suburbs, and throughout the country, whether members of tho dramatic profession or not, are at liberty to work on that mysterious day, in any moral or im moral, Kotivo or passive way, in which they are aooustomed to work throughout the year.' It is curious, apart' from the special interest ?whioh this dooumont possesses, to notice as a piece of theatrical history that Sir. Hollings ?head's employes at that time numbered no less than 491 persons, and these included Mr. Samuel Pholps, Air. Hermann Vezin, Mr Eighton, Mr. Arthur Oeoil, Mr. J. G. Taylor, Mr. Soutar, Mr. Maolean, Mr. Forbes Kobett son, Mrs. John Wood, Miss Rose Loolercq, Miaa Furlado, Miss Braneoombe, Mr. and Krs. Kendal, Mr. John Ryder, Mies Loaeby, and -Miss Monroo. Siuca fob the Goose bci not fob tbh Gahdeb. The doonraent further points ont, to illus trate the one- sided working of the law, how in Manchester the Prinos's Theatre and the Queen's Theatio played pantomime unblush ingly to a full house on Ash Wednesday, while the Theatre Royal in the same oity was closed foy stipulation in the patent, and the music iialla were all open. In Liverpool all tho theatres and mueio halls were open ; in New castle, in Sheffield, in Southampton the theatres were open and tho music halls closed ; whilo 'Sir. Sothern and Mr. Buokstone used to go down to Nottingham from the Huymarket, and played 'The American Cousin,' prices doubled und all seats booked in advanoe.' In reply to this overwhelming appeal, Mr. Hollingahead wa9 informed that although the Lord Ohamberlain 'coincides in the opinion therein oxpressed as to the defects and anomulits in the present licensing system ariains,' out of a divided jurisdiction, it is not his intention to raitko any alteration in the rules acted upon by his predecessors. Htinqing Adyketiskjients. But he went pegging on regardless of oflicial rebuff*, re-opening the subject at every op portunity. Wo find fiuch. advertisements yews ago as those in tho Lut.don dailies: — (March, 2, 1831.) Gaiety.-- -If any public inconvenience should arise from the fact that the Gaiety is olosed to night, Mr. Hollingshead can only express his regret and disclaim all responsibility. To-day is oalled Ash 'Wednesday, and the only amuso mente permitted aro conthied to a low music halls on the Snrroy side of tho river. A dozen provincial towns havo oompeted for Mr. Toole' t- services, and this year ho has selected Sheffield. GAiBrr. — To- night the public are requested to go to tho Canterbury and South London ilusio Halls, the only places of amusement allowed to be open for a population of 4,900,000. Notice — To-day Mr. Toole, as usual on Ash Wednesday, has seleoted Nottingham from a number of important country towns for hia penitential performances, and the Gaiety Theatre is, consequently, closed. Mr. J. L. Toole, atNottinghain Theatre Eoyal, to-night, aa Billy Laokaday aud Jacques fctrop. One night only. Xhb Revihatio-?s of an old Ecbap Book Thb famous manager sitting before that mysterious cabinet of his, with pigeon-holes before him bursting perhaps with new plays — rast stores of dramatic oil whioh shall sot the saored lamp of burlesque burning — and bulging ont with documents, put into my hands a huge scrap-book containing nowspaper outtings, from the austere columns ot the Tithes to flippant paragraphs in the oomio weeklies, and cartoons from all quarters. 'There you will see I have collected most of what has been Srinted on the subjeot. Now, I oannot put le facts of tha case more clearly than they are there expreiBed. I have been tilting at the authorities for ever so many years, doinsr my- utmost to have tho subjeot ventilated, whether in Press or Parliament. Here you /sea in 1875 thcro was a lively debate in tho 'House of Lords, when the Duko of St. Albans began tho ball by putting the oase to the then Lord Chamberlain, tho Marquis of Hertford.' Arid turning over somo more pages is a carioa -turo of the flippant Mr. Hollingihead being rebuked by tho lofty Mr. Chatterton, then the lessee of Drury Lane, for daring to deny that mot one per thousand knew the ruligioua equivalent of Ash Wednesday, which was alleged to bo an unknown quantity. Sdqobstioks by Me. Punch. Twenty years ago we find Punch suggesting a few theatrical arrangements with a view to ?acting up, aa far as possiblo, to the spirit of the law, an gathered from the various enactments in regard to the proper and anomalous obser vanoe of tho ' mysterious day.' Among these ?were : — Hsjmarkot.— Aftornoon looturo on 'Unpopular Astronomy,' by Lord Dundreary, (ollowod by uoiuo remarks on tho ?? Transit of Voaau,' by Mr. Buek. stono. Ljcoum,— Morning povformancoa of ' Hamlet' by too 'Bitoman Slinstrolo,' Tho olmructora will appear In ovm ing dreBs, and, with tho orcoptlon of tho Ghost, with blHokonwt fnces, und will be uoatoil opposite tbo audiouco iu it Bowlolrolo. ? Tizo ' boues ' ?will bo hold, but not usud, by tho Prinoo of Don mirk, and the' addroB» to tho playoro will be struck Galoty.— SoientlDo lootnre, by Mr. John Ilollings. head, on ' Tho Else nnd Trogroaa of Opdra liouffo in EoyltuJ,' with (osuio, vocil, nnd instnuusnttu illtu trationa by tho stall and company of tho Gaioty ?Thoatro. No lean. TSCB CnniSIIAlf MIN6IBELS A.NB IBH IwtBt ' 1IOEN1! BOOIDLAOK, Hero is a story of tho times. It oeourre'd many years ago, but Is apropos : — ' Three of us wero up from tho oountry, and we settled to sea ' Hunilot' at tho Lyceum. Why not ? Wo walked down the Strand, and every - shop ?vraa open ; cubs aud omnibuuos were doing a brisk buBineva, the publio-housos and wine shops a roaring trodo. When we got to Wel lington street, tho doors wero olosed. Lo! it tx&b; the night of Ash Wednesday. Wo hiiDg ourhoadn '.! with shamo and Borrow, and were sadly doliboiating our future, when an Intelli gent bpotblauk suggested, ' Why don't yon go to'Drury Lune and see the Christian Minstrels ?' And we tool; his ndvico, and pondorcd orer Che odd -pays of the Londoners.' Ms, HoLtraosnEAD amis up. 'Ihavo put -the points often,' said Mr. Hollingshead, ' bat I oannot put thorn more oonoiirfy thanin tho possugo from this letter, by whioh you eee that our London theatroa, 'rnthtjoertaln notable exceptions, ore, licensed «sata oonduot.by the Lord Ohumborlaih, as: to the literary, propriety of. their. pieces -by the Lord ChamborlshVu offloor, . tho Censor of flays, and as to Btruoturo praotioally by the Metropolitan Boitrd of Works. The exceptions aro Oovent Garden Theatre, whioh hold* a patent from Charles II. ; Drury Lane olaims to have bought half of this patont in Sheridan's time : tho Court Theatre, at Chelsea, and all other theatres at Oholsea and Bays water. These Cholsoa and Bayawater theatres aro licensed by tho magistrates, tho Censor of Plays maintains his authority .as to dramatic propriety, and tho Board of Works as to structure The Albert Hall, working under a Hoyul ohurtor, requires no hcenoo for musio, and oan and does open on Good Friday for conrj'.rls when every other metropolitan plaoe of amusomont except ono is cloned by law. Tho inunic- halls on tho Middlesex pido of the river aro licensed by the Middlesex magistrates, an irresponsible body of gontlfmon many hundreds in number, who ohject to perfor mances on Ash Wednesday.' Chaos. 'The music-halls on tho Surrey aide of the river are licensed by tho Surrey magistrates, who allow performances on Ash Wednesday. Ttio Crystal Palace, which may bo taken as part of J-ondon, h»s to go to tho Kont inngis traios for drama, musio, und dimoing; but hiving a royal charter for musio is always open on Good Friday to keep the Albort Hall in tome sort of countenance. Entertainments kuown in America ns ' side shows'— collections of dwarfs, ginn's, lion-tamers, and monstro sities of all kiuds — require no licence ; and thoio olegant exhibitions sometimes oalled jio.iet plas tiquct, and somttimes 'living statuary,' aro equally free, unltss they requiro musio as an adjunct. An innocent and miserable accordion, introduced without a knowledgo of the law, may bring down an avalanche of authority on the hj!ius of the proprietoro. Instead of a 'double jurisdiction,' we have thene more or les.s conflicting powers— tho Crown, repre nented by Charles II., the Lori Chamberlain, the Metropolitan Board of Works, tho Ken sington magistrates, the Surrey magistrates, the Kont magistrates, and tho Crown again aa represented by Koyul charter.' A Cadhean Victory. 'I calculate that the average gain to eaoh theatrical manager will be about £40 for tho added night. I know I have always written off £36 us a bad debt in my diary when Ash Wednesday oamo round. But it is not the swells or tha stars who loso. They may rather incline to a holiday, a ball, or a run into the country. No, it is the oarpentera, and the dressers, und the poorer class of the profession who aro tho sufferers. In th* theatrioal world it is ' no play, no pay.' Instead of six days' pay they only get fivo, and grumble accord ingly.' And tho polemical Mr. Hollinasheed shut tho book up with a bang and a sigh as if ho half regretted that he hud onrried his loDg crmtested point, and would fain fight the battle oveir again. — Pall Mall Qazettt 