V.R.C.Autuinn Meeting. Bv 'ttfaWHABSKT." Important as the great autumn earnivat of the V.B.C. may have- been in the past, there is no doubt but that the inclusion ol the Champion Race in the programme of the March meeting has materially raised the standard of the gathering at what the Ameri cans call the "hack end'' of the season. Of course, such races as the Melbourne Gup, Caul- field Cup, and Newmarket Handicap will always be regarded .as events of particular interest, owing to the great uncertainty which invests them, and the consequent speculation, at a long rate of oddB, occasioned through " . the difficulty in selecting the winner. With the Champion Race it is somewhat- different, though the great three-mile event decided at Flemington will always be deemed a recognised test of equine excellence v The programme of the meeting, which will be inaugurated, to day is somewhat different from that of the previous year, inasmueh as the Essendon Stakes has been substituted for the First Hurdle Race. At the first glance the alteration hardly appears politic, but with two hurdle races at the meeting, the fields for each event were only moderate, and as many of the competitors in the first event merely ran with a view of being more favourably treated by the handioapper in the seconds, perhaps the change will lead to a truer-run race. The entries for all the events are very numerous, and with fine weather, the executive of the premier racing dab of Australia may look forward to a most successful termination of the great carnival of the autumn. Proceedings will be ushered in at one o'clock with the es8endon stakes, which I shall unhesitatingly assign to the Brighton representative, and place them — MALUA ... - 1 Commotion ... .. ... 2 Off Colour.. ... .. 3 ascot vale stakes. MONTE OHBISTO .. ... 1 Dunlop .. .. ..2 Lady Claudia .. ... 3 st. leobr. MOZART .. .. ..I Silver Kino.. ... .. 2 David the newmarket handicap next claims attention, though anything like a lengthy analysis of the different candidates at the present juncture would, perhaps, be out of plane. Of the dozen I originally selected when the weights were published, Malua, Middlemarch, Topaz, The Ghost, Alphabet, Xantlppe, -. and Bohemian still remain in. From the earliest appearance 6f the handicaps, Conningsby was exten sively backed, - and a lot of money has gone on Sir Garnet, Battalions, and Prometheus, while Velocipede, Salvo, and several others have found ready supporters. The selected representative of the stable from which last year's winner hailed now tarns out to be Salvo, and, with such a taskmaster as Malua, a tolerably . accurate line ought to be gained. Prometheus has done an excellent preparation at Mordialloc, i and it is no secret that he can clear right out j from all his stable companions in a six J furlongs gallop. Battailous, too, is another who comes with ' a high reputation, while the private performances of Veloci pede nre said to be something phenomenal. However, to conclude, I shall pin my faith to a Sydney representative, and place them — BATTALiOUS ... . 1 Middlemarch ... ... 2 Sir Garnet or Prometheus ... 3 hopeful stakes, which follows, may result — URALLA ... 1 Manchester ... ... 2 T.inv P.r »nnn 5 brunswick stakes. LAVINGTON 1 Anglesey ... ... ... 2 Grace Darling ... ... 3 On the second day the ball opens with the hurdle race, for which I fancy the positions will be — FLAMBOROUGH ... ... i Hazard ... ... ... 2 The Agent... ... ... 3 sires' produce stakes. THE TEACHER ... ... 1 Manchester ... ... 2 Ringmaster ... ... 3 corinthian cup, DON QUIXOTE ... ... 1 Ironmaster ... ... 2 Brenda ... ... ... 3 australian cup. RINGWOOD ... ... 1 Brown and Ross ... ... 2 Acolyte ... ... ... 3 steeplechase. ECHO 1 Morven ... ... ... 2 Clarence ... ... ... 3 The Bourke Handicap - concludes the scond day's racing, but as the weights will not appear until Monday, I of course cannot prophesy the winner. The last day's racing I must defer for next week's issue. I may state, however, that. I prefer the chances of Malua to anything engaged in the Champion Race. 