LELGARDE'S INHERITANCE. IN TWELVE CHAPTERS. CHAPTER VL It was long before Mrs. Bracebridge and I succeeded in restoring Lelgarde to conscious ness ; and it was a relief to me when the doctor, to whom I sent at once, took his place at her bedside. He asked a tew questions, prescribed a sedative, recommended her to keep quiet, and assured us that there was no cause for uneasiness ; but when he and I were alone, he asked me if she had been undergoing any strain on her spirits, or if her nerves had received any shock. And when I told him the history of her illness long ago, he said there was the more need for care now. ' Not that I can detect anything seriously amiss, but she is in a highly nervous state, and requires constant cheerful society, pleasant occupation, exercise without fatigue :' and with a few directions as to her diet he went away. It was all very well to prescribe cheerful society, but where was it to be found ? The neighbours were few ; of those few a sprink ling only had been considered worthy to as sociate with the house of Atheling, and we had no friends whow we could summon from afar to fill our house and make it merry. But fortune favoured us to some extent, for Mr. Seymour Kennedy took io coming down to spend Sunday at the rectory, or rather part of Sunday, for he had to start by the evening mail, paying dearly, by two long night journeys, for his few hours of quiet and country air. 'Quiet and country air!' those were said to Le the attractions ; but I had my sus picions that the heiress of Athelstanes counted for something, too. He began to haunt the house on Sunday ' afternoons, and certainly brought with him a pleasant sense of life and stir, and communion with the outer world. But I did not, I could not, like him, and I was surprised to see that Lelgarde was evidently attracted by him. In the old London days her enthusiasm had been an amusement to me, though I could not always go along with it ; the bright earnestness with which she and Harry Goldie would chatter about music and painting, used to make even the dingy Novem ber fogs seem cheery ; and here was a man to whom enthusiasm was impossible, who spoke of most things with a covert sneer, and who patronised where Lelgarde was wont to rever ence. But she did like him ; bis coming brightened her up wonderfully, and when he had been absent longer than usual she drooped visibly. It was a wild afternoon towards the end of March ; since dawn, a cold blast blowing from the moors had been making the trees crack and groan, and every window and chimney-pot set up its own peculiar shriek or rattle. The rain beat desperately against the window and came fizzing down on the logs in the wide grate ; it was a day to make one shiver, and pity anyone who had to be out of doors. Lel garde evidently felt the depressing influence of the weather ; she was languid, and yet restless, and seemed unable to settle to anything. ' What weather ! what a night it will be !' T -siicl- V-v wnv of savin? something, after a long silence. Lelgarde, who was lying all her length along on a couch, sprang up and hurried to the window. 'What a night indeed !' she repeated, dreamily ; ' will it ever stop raining ? And there goes the wind again, oh !' ' Don't stand and watch it ; come to the fire,' I said. ' And she came, leaning against the mantlepiece for a moment. Then mutter ing something that I did not hear, she left the room. It was about an hour later that the door stealthily opened, and admitted Mrs. Brace bridge with an anxious countenance. ' Oh, Miss Smith, I beg your pardon, ma'am ; I hoped my mistress might be come in.' 41 She has not been out.' ' Oh, I beg your pardon, ma'am, she went out nearly an hour ago, which I could hardly believe my eyes as 'twas she ; but John, who is just come in from the post-bag, he met her, ma'am on the road into Treuibleton. Surely she is 'never going in there on such a day as this.' I was aghast. What could the child be thinking of ? Almost unable to believe that she had done so wild a thing, I hurried up to her room, but it was empty, and Mrs. Brace bridge pointed to her little in-door slippers lying on the floor, her apron on the bed. There could be no doubt that she bad gone out. ' Well, we must do our best to prevent her catching cold,' I said, stirring up the fire. *' It is a pity she has run the risk, for she has not been looking well for some time.' 'No, indeed, ma'am,' said Mrs. Brace bridge. And then, dropping her voice, she added, with some hesitation : ' I beg your pardon, ma'am, but I hope no body has gone' and worrit ted my misstress. |I hope none of the servants has been carrying their ridiculous fancies to her.' ' You mean this fancy about the house being haunted,' I said, smiling ; for some words had passed between Mrs. Bracebridge and me on the subject before. ' She certainly once heard some talk about it the day she fainted ; but she has never alluded to it since. Why do you ask?' ' Well, ma'am,' continued the old woman, in the same mysteriously low tone, 'I must confess that there is a deal of talk going on, and 'tis not in my power to stop it. The maids they will have it, that night after night, more nights than not, there is a white figure to be seen, gliding like, between my mistress's room and poor Miss Hilda's.' ' In old houses like this there is generally some such fancy. I suppose there is a tradition about some white lady, is there not ?' 'So they begin to try to make me believe now, ma'am. All I can say is, I never heard tell of her before ; and as to Miss Hilda's ghost, it is a shame to say so, poor lady, and disrespectful too. But there is something strange. I do begin to believe that.' ' Have you seen the white figure yourself, Mrs. Bracebridge?' 'Well, ma'am, I cannot altogether deny that I have ; but as I were only just passing along the upper gallery, 'twere but a glimpse like that I caught.' The old body had evidently made off at the first symptom of the ghost ; and probably all \- the maids had done the same, for on enquiry, 1' found nobody could give a clear account of it, only that it was dressed in true ghost fashion —-all in white. ' Have you missed anything ?' I asked, with scepticism worthy of Mr. Seymour Ken nedy. ' No ? Then depend upon it some body is playing a foolish trick. Better take no notice, and then it will be no fun for them to go on with it.' There was a step on the stairs, and Lel garde opened the' door, springing bade with one of her violent nervous starts on seeing that her room was occupied. She looked ghastly, her colourless face rendered more disconsolate by the loosened hair which the rain had plas tered against it, her cloak dripping, her hat a dreary mass of drenched plumage. I wasted ix- words, but, with Mrs. Brace bridge's help, I got her out of her wet things into her dressing-gown, put her into an arm chair close by the fire, and plied her with hot tea, and then, when die housekeeper was gone, I asked her severely what she meant by it. 'Don't, Joan,' she answered, pettishly, turning her head away. 'I only walked into Trembleton tf get something I wanted.' ' As if you had no grooms about the place, as if the boy were not going to the post-office. Lelgarde, you deserve to be well whipped and scat to bed.' ' Whip me if- you like,' she said, with a languid smile, ' but for pity's sake don't put me to bed. I hate my bed ; I hate the night. And there, it is growing dark already.' ' Dinner comes first in the order of things,' I said, as I rang for her maid, and left her, marvelling much at her queer ways, and vaguly uneasy at the general aspect of affairs. That night we sat up late, for Lelgarde would not go to bed. ' Who coald sleep she said, ' with such a tempest raving outside ?'' It was nearly midnight when I wished her good- night, and went to my own room, a little way further down the same gallery. As I pre pared to wind up my watch, just before step ping into bed, I found that it had stopped ; and I thought I would steal gently to my sister's room, creep cautiously in. and trv, with out waking her, to ascertain the time by the little travelling-clock on her mantelpiece. As I had been very slow in getting to bed, I took it for granted that she was already a leep. Under this impression I opened the door with out knocking, and w?s creeping in, when I suddenly met Lelgarde, in her dressing- gown, advancing towards to me, but with such a hurried, detected air that I stopped short, feel ing as if I had committed an unwarrantable intrusiont. ' I beg your pardon,' I said ; and I began explaining my errand, but broke off at sight of what it was that she was trying to put hurriedly out of sight. ' Lelgarde what are you doing with a brittle of laudanum ?'' ' Not trying to kill myself, I assure you,' she answered, with a faint smile ; ' only trying a second edition of Mr. Piecroft's sedative.' 'Child, child, you should never meddle with such edge-tools. Did he tell you the proper quantity ?' ' The chemist at Trembleton did?' ' At Trembleton ?' I stood aghast as an idea struck me. ' Lelgarde, could that be your errand out this afternoon?' 'Forgive me, dearest Joany,' she mur mured ; ' indeed, it would do me less harm than such a night I should have otherwise. Hark!' As a fresh blast of wind drove the rain against the window, she shrank as if it had been a blow, then stretched out her hand for the bottle. I snatched it away, and dashed it into the fire. Lelgarde burst into tears. 11 You are cruel. You do not know what you have done,' she sobbed, passionately. Now I was sure that something was seriously amiss, and I determined to get to the bottom of it. ' Lelgarde,' I said, very gravely, ?? this is very foolish, and it is more foolish still to run the risk of getting into a fatal habit to escape from a little nervousness or sleeplessness. You do not know what you are doing. Has it never occurred to you that it is wrcng?' ' Is it ?' she said, sinking down in a chair in a helpless, nerveless attitude. 'Must I bear on? Is it a sin to try to escape from my wretchedness ? Then God help me ; for a more miserable creature does not breathe.' ' But what is your trouble ? Lelgarde, dar ling, surely you can tell me anything ?' She shook her head* ' At all events, promise me that you will piny no more loonsn tnetes wiin your neaitn. 'Very well,' she said, looking up at me suddenly, almost fiercely. ' I promise ; but you must take the consequences. If I can get do relief, if I am driven desperate, you mast be responsible.' And there was the wild look of a hunted animal in her eyes, a look that painfully re called her childish days. I felt a thrill of real fear, but I stifled all signs of it, and spoke in the qafet, authoritative tone that had always soothed her. ' Nonsense, my dear ; nobody thinks of hunting or driving you. Come, we will not part again to-night. It is high time we were in bed ; but first tell me all the troubles — hor- rible dreams, or not being able to sleep, which is it?' She shook her head, and was silent for a moment ; then, with the same startling sudden ness she exclaimed : ' I will — I will risk your telling me it is all fancy or nonsence ; anything is better than this. Sit down, Joany, here, close, closer still, and I will tell you all.' 