ui THii.." REVENGE." In our lsBUO ot , Tuesday; wo noticed cnat tiio Hon. \V. A. Zeal had miidb a present to tho Meohanics' Institute of an eiigiaving represen ting, the " Loss of the Revenge." Many inquire ies having been mndo respecting the history of. the vessel, wo append the following spirited sketch by Mr Paul Blake:— Many of you have read Kingsloy s Westward Ho, a marvellous story reproducing, English lifo and maimers in tho days of Queen Elizabeth, and enabling modern readers to understand some thing of the spirit whicli made nien leave ploa- sant England to go and fight the Spaniard , and seek now fields for English trade. . You will re member ono of the characters in that book, Sir Richard Grenville, tho unstained knight and true gontleman. It is of liis last feht thiit I want .to toll you, Kingsley mentions it inci dentally, but probably many of you have fiiiver heard tlie story in any detail j tho story of the Revenge. Sir Richard had loft liis boauliful homo iu North Devon to sail to the Azores with Lord Howard to plague tlie Spaniards and, if possible, capture their treasure. To Englishmen of . that time tlie word Spaniard was synonymous with all that wo3 cruel and ibad ; every sailor could tell some fearful story of the Inquisition, or of terrible cruelties practised on the Indiana ; aiid to no.onewero the Spaniards more Obnoxious than to Sir Richard Grenville. So persistently did he pursue thoih; and so terrible was he in tho tight, that bis nahie b'eoanio atprrorto the Ra tion, ahd legends were current about liim giving him supernatural attributes. Ho Was , invulner able, he used to grind wind-glasses', between, his toetli and swallow them, and so forth. That he was not invulnerable; the event sadly proved; but; .nolle the jess, it proved that lie, was a., foe of which any nation might well be afraid. ; lii August, 1591, the small Euglisli fleet, con- sistiugof six line-of-battle ships; six victuallers, and a;few pinnaces; was lying at anchor un'der the Island of Florez. Sickness was rife amongst them, the ships themselves were in bad condition; and the objbet of the expedition seenied unlikely to be fulfilled. This was the state of tilings ivhen to the terror and surprise of Lord Howard, a fleet of fifty-four Spanish mCn-df-war bore down updn them. Lord Howard was not the mart to fear a fair fight, nor, . for that matter, one id which the odds were against him, but he.deqiiied it wise to flee before such an overwhelming force, considering, the state of liis small fleet.' But this was not the view taken by Sir Richard; Ninety men out of bis crew were on shore, ill. WaB he to leave .them '? . He had never yet fled from the Spaniards, and he was too old to begin,' .. , .. ; . : So Lord Howard sailed away with! his 'fleet,; |eaving Sir Richard with his little sliip,' the Re-! venge. ta clu what lie thought best. : ; , First of all lire sick were ; carefully removed to the vessel, and laid securely "on tlieJ. ballast in the hold. , When this was done aiichor , was weighed. The Spanish fleet qasnow. near himi He might even yet havo saved himself by flight; but he would.be content with nothing less .than flight (if flight it might bo called) right' through the enemy's squadrons. So the gallant little ship, with only a hundred available mill on board, left her auchorage and bore down on tlie armada. - ' ' Right on she drove till it seeme'd possible that the audacious stroke might succeed. 11 But the great San Philip, .'".a huge high-charged ship of 1,500 tons," came to wiiidward aiid took thd wind out of li'er sails.. However, a. .-discharge froni the Revenge's guns made the big Spaniard sheer off, " utterly tnisjiking her first entertain-: meat." However; escape was now impossible ; the Englishmen were surrounded by the numer ous Spaniards, and the' fight began in earliest!'! | Not much of a tight, you may think, botwoen one and .fifty-four, liut. it becaine a biittlo.! Sir Richard was wounded early: in' the afternoon,' but be refused to -leave .-the deck. - Ship- after ship came up- to the undaunted Revenge, only' to draw back again, shattered and disabled, or perhaps to sink to 'the bottom. ' Tinip after time tho Spaniards attempted to., board, . pouring in' hordes of soldiers and musketeers";' time nftor; time tliey rvere \ driven bach witii./feariui loss.- Some of the gireat galleons carried as maiiy as a thpusa'nd men ; the little man-of-war had, as we; havo said, but a hundred; and'of-.theso thenum-1 ber diminished every hour, i .i.-i i, ("Ship .after. ship, the whole night long; their- high-! ; built galleons came, , , i ! -Ship, after ship,; the whole . iright long,- ivitlr her! . . battle-tliunder and flame ; : - -. j Ship after ship, -.the whole night (long, drew, hack' with her dead and her shame." . "Wasit any wonder that the Spaniards thought that Sir. Richard had 'auperimtural- assistance ? — ' that he whs the devil Himself? Hotir after liour went by ; thq sun 'safik, and.still the fight wonton. Midnight carne ; the engagement had ?MeS-. ."j?® liours. ' Tho Revenge .had fought no . leas ; than fifteen ships ; never were there less than two galleons attacking her; and yet, when morning, broke, she was still un conquered, the English flag still floated, torn' with bullets, but not struck. Sir Richard had1 left the : deck some hours to have his : w'ouhds dressed ; better -perhaps, for him if lie had re-; mained, for lie received two more wounds ' be- tore the operation was over, and his surgeon was' killed at his side. As the sun rose higher it dis-i oloseda pitiable sight. Tho Revenge had not '; fought for twelve hours, . unscathed ; her rigging was shot to pieces ; " by estimation"' eight hundred shot3 had gone througli her ; the masts were hanging over the side ; forty out. of the hundred of her crew were killed, as well as many of the hapless sick ; und all hope of! ultimate victory, if arty such ever exia'tod, was gone.; She was settling slowly, whilst the Spaniards lay round, her in' .a ring, waiting for the end. Even then they dared not approach too close, , " Eorthqy. feared that we still cbuld 'sting! " ' But the end ivaa near.. . Forififteen hours had she borne- the attack ; there was nothing left now but surrender 6r death. Sir Richard chose tlio latter. Calling the: master gunner to him he bade him split the ship and sink her, telling tlie crew that it was not .worth while to yield any trophy of victory to tho oheiiiy in order to obtain a few more days of lifo. The gunner was ready to do it, but the captain and most of the crew, finding that tho Spaniards wore ready to consent to an honourable surrender, came to terms with the enemy without Sir Richard's knowledge, Ho was carried on board tho Ad- "Ztt \?3301, ,a dy'nS state- Reviving slightly, ho asked the company to pray for him. ? a, jow. "ours," writes tho clirouioler, " Sir ltiehard, reeling his end approaching, showed not any sigh of faiutness, but spake these words in Spanish, and said, ' Hero die I, Sir Richard Grenville, with a joyful and quiet mind, for that I have ended my life as a true soldier ought to do that hath fought for his oountry, queeu, ro- l'gion, aud honour. Whereby my soul most joyfuliy doparteth out of this body, and shall always Icavo bohind it an everlasting fame of a valiant and true soldier that hath done his dutv as he was bound to do.' When ho had finished these and such-like words lie gavo up tho ghost with great aud stout courage, nnd no man could perceive any sign of heaviness in him " So died Sir Richard Grenville, of whom a modern writer says ho was "a wish and gallant gentleman, lovely to all good men, awful to all bad men, in whoso presonco not dared Bay or do a mean or ribald thing." His noble dying words seem tho precursors of tho colebrntcd signal of : Nelson at Trafalgar-" England expects every man to do his duty" — and never woro Eng- and s expectations bettor foundod than in those two great fights. The Spaniards were not to enjoy ovon the glory of bringing homo their puny antagonist as : a prize. A fearful storm followed close on tbo battle ; and few oven of the Spanish vessels ever buw homo again, whilst tho battered Ilevon.'o, already almost a wreck, could not withstand the fury of tho hurricane.. She lie's at the bottom of the sea, where so many of lior gallant crew has already preceded her ; an appropriate end to the sto'utist iittle vessel thatbver upheld the honour of Eriglahd. " Aid the whole sea plunged and fell on the shot- sliattcr'd navy of Spain, And the littlo Revenge herself went down by the island crags, To be lost evermore in the main." 