NEWS AND NOTES. We have received the following from the Post Office and Telegraph Department Advert:—"Advert- ing to the extract from your paper under date of the 6th instant, pointing out inconvenience- to which the residents at Springs and Mount Bolton are subjected in consequence of their mails being forwarded by the day coach in lieu of by night coach as formerly, I am directed to inform you that the latter arrangement will be reverted to on and after 22nd instant, the mails for Springs and Mount Bolton will be carried on to Lexton where they will remain over night, and will be despatched from Lexton on the fol- lowing morning reaching Springs and Mount Bolton at 7.10 a.m., and 7.40 p.m., respec- tively. A meeting of North Ward ratepayers in favor of a 1s 6d rate was held at the North Star hotel, last night. There was a fair attendance and the three representatives of the North Ward, Crs Salter, Thompson and McDonald were present. The reasons for making a 2s rate instead of an 1s 6d one were explained by the councillors and their explanation was considered satisfactory by the meeting. A resume of the proceedings appears in another column. The young man, Frederick Simons, who was assaulted and robbed in South street on Satur- day night, still remains in the Hospital, but is so far recovered that he will probably be able to leave the institution to-day. Lord Lymington arrived by the first train from Melbourne yesterday morning, on his ex- pected visit to Ballarat. He was entertained by the City Mayor at the City Hall, and was after- wards driven round and shown over the gardens and the other principal sights. Lord Lymington was subsequently the guest of Mayor Walker at the Eastern Town Hall, and left Ballarat again by the afternoon train. The Rev. R. W. Cunningham yesterday com- menced a series of 10 evangelistic services in the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church. In the after- noon, at 3 o’clock, he gave some Bible readings, at which a fair number of persons were present. In the evening the church was well filled, and Mr Cunningham preached an eloquent and powerful sermon from the text, “My peace I give unto you." The Revs. Thos. Williams, W. W. Williams, and McBride assisted at the even- ing service. The services will be continued every evening this week. The violent opening and shutting of doors, the sounds of footsteps, and a number of low wails, quite alarmed the members of a Ballarat East household the other morning about 3 o’clock. Paterfamilias was away from home at the time in the country visiting a farm, and the only persons in the hotel were Mrs ——, her daughters, and a servant girl. Shortly after the noise was first heard, the unanimous con- clusion arrived at was that there was a ghost in the place. Just before peep of day, a stout- hearted spinster, armed with a broom proceeded down stairs "to do for the ghost" which had kept the family awake and agitated the whole night, when all fears were set at rest by a large Newfoundland dog which came bounding from under the counter, and made frantic efforts to effect an escape through a window. How the dog got into the dwelling is as yet a mystery, but his movements during the night nearly frightened the wits out of several timid females. Mr Burrowes, the stationmaster at Ballarat East, who recently underwent a very painful operation, is now progressing favorably. Mr R. Ramsay, ironmonger, of Bridge street, is just now making a grand display in his new show-rooms. The article exposed to view com- prise enamelled slate and marble mantelpieces, purchased in the Italian courts at the late Mel- bourne Exhibition, electro-plated ware, silver ware, clocks, hand-painted globes, and a miscel- laneous collection of other articles. The new show-rooms are 52 feet by 20 feet 5 inches wide, 14 feet in height, with an elevation of 25 feet. Dr Moorhouse, the Anglican Bishop of Mel- bourne, has consented to deliver a lecture in connection with the winter course of lectures at the School of Mines on the 8th July next. The subject is not yet announced. The unfortunate carter Gillam, who met with an accident a short time ago, through coming into collision with a milk cart, is, we are glad to be able to state, progressing very favorably. He has now so far recovered as to be able to leave his bed for an hour or two daily. The Dampier dramatic company left yesterday for Geelong, where they opened for a short season last night. In reply to the enquiry put by the City Council to the Railway Department in reference to the delay about pushing on the construction of the direct line from Ballarat to Melbourne, a letter was read at the usual meeting of the council yesterday afternoon stating that it would be im- possible to say when the line would be opened. Cr Claxton moved a motion to the effect that in the opinion of the council this should be one of the first lines to be constructed. The resolution was seconded by Cr Lieut.-Colonel Smith, and carried unanimously. At the City Police Court yesterday morning, before Major Greenfield, J.P., William Spears, Gregory Spears, and John M'Namara surren- dered to their bail on the charge of assaulting and robbing Frederick Simons of two £5 notes. Mr Gaunt, who appeared for the prisoners, stated that be had a complete refutation of the charge, but would ask for a remand until Friday next. The application was granted, bail being renewed in the same amounts as previously. Ah Wan, a Chinaman, was charged that on the 14th instant he was in possession of a loaded revolver within the City without the permission of the local authorities. As the arresting constable happened to be in Melbourne, Ah Wan was re- manded until Friday. James Hodgson, on re- mand on a charge of drunkenness, was further remanded for a week, as he was still suffering from over-indulgence. One other inebriate was discharged. Some days ago a charge of borrowing money from a publican was preferred against Constable O'Reilly and investigated by Superintendent Ryall. O’Reilly, who denies owing the money, handed in his resignation, which was yesterday accepted. The finance committee of the City Council, in referring to certain footballers having charged for admission to the Western Oval, recommended that in future any club attempting to make a charge without authority be refused further per- mission to play at the Oval. Cr Smith said that everywhere in Melbourne the clubs were allowed to charge, and he thought it would be better if the ground were handed over to some of these organisations, as the Eastern Oval was. He moved that the consideration of the clause for the present be postponed. The motion, however, lapsed for want of a seconder, the other council- lors being generally in favor of the adoption of the finance committee’s recommendation. A horse belonging to Mr Kerr, J.P., of Bunin- yong, yesterday bolted, with a buggy, from Lydiard street, and cantered through Sturt street, down Bridge street, and was finally brought to a standstill in Grant street by Mr George Lockyer. Constable T. Trainor made a plucky but ineffective attempt to stop the run- away in Bridge street. Cr C. C. Shoppee left Ballarat by the afternoon train for Melbourne yesterday, en route for Eng- land, whither he goes in order to settle certain family matters. Cr Shoppee, who is a passenger by the s.s. Ballarat, will be absent about six months, but will probably he back in Ballarat before next Christmas. At the meeting of the City Council yesterday afternoon his projected departure was referred to by Cr Claxton, who, on behalf of the other members of the council, in a few appropriate words wished him a pleasant voyage and a safe return. Cr Little also made a few remarks, and in reiterating the wish given expression to by Cr Claxton, hoped that Cr Shoppee, while in the mother country, would take the trouble to obtain information in re- ference to tramways or other matters of interest to the city. Cr Shoppee, in replying, said he would be pleased, if possible, to take notice of anything that might be of benefit to Ballarat. Subsequently an adjournment was made to the mayors room, where, at the invitation of the mayor, Cr Shoppee's health was toasted, amid many wishes for a prosperous voyage. The sittings of the Town Police Court only lasted an hour yesterday morning. A young woman named Mary Atkins, charged with being the occupier of a house frequented by idle and disorderly persons, was remanded for a week, in order that she might leave the district.—A resi- dent of the Creswick district, named Tomlinson, who had taken “one drapit’ tae mooch,” was disharged with a caution, and a spalpeen from Bungaree (the sole owner of a pipe and a wattle) was fined 10s for a similar offence, without any extenuating circumstances. The only possible defence that could be put forward was, that the offender met an old friend who asked him to have a drink, and he next invited him to a return; this was followed by one as a kind of farewell to the Gladstone Ministry; then came another for old acquaintanceship sake, which was succeeded by a fifth for good health, and then came a sixth glass with the hope that the com- ing harvest would be a prosperous one, or that the working man could get a tap to do. The seventh “whiskey” crowned all, and the conver- sation turned on the question, “ Which of us is the better man?" Finale—Policeman, in a heavy shower of rain, conveying on his back the man whoso legs refused to perform their functions, to the lockup. The following gentlemen attended the fort- nightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum com- mittee last night:—Mr Joseph Phillips, president (in the chair); the Rev. Gerald Doyle, Messrs H. Josephs, Carey, Ferguson, Armstrong, Curtis, Showman, Ham, Russell, J. T. Phillips, Hick- man, M‘Cafferty, and Murray. A large amount of correspondence was dealt with, including a letter from Helen Lambert, the nurse, asking for an increase of salary. The communication was referred to the house committee. From the secretary of the Buninyongshire Council, accept- ing the terms stipulated by the committee with reference to the council's donations. Mr Hale, secretary of the Shire Council, explained that he must have bean misunderstood in a statement he made during the discussion on the annual grant at the council meeting. When he used the word “imposition,” he referred to the acts of certain persons who had sought, or were about to seek, relief from the Asylum; not that the committee had been guilty of imposition. The letters from the council were received, and Mr Hale’s expla- nation was deemed satisfactory. From the Under-Treasurer, with reference to the annual Government grant, intimating that the sum for 1884-5 would be increased by £250. In connec- tion with this matter, the chairman explained the action taken by the deputation in Mel- bourne (already reported), &c.; A vote of thanks was passed to the deputation, and also to the Parliamentary representatives who had assisted them. The report of the house com- mittee, which dealt with routine matters, was adopted. The question of Mr Porteous’ dona- tion of £100 was introduced by the reading of a letter, and it was left in the hands of Mr Murray to attend to. The tender of Charles Vaughan for the supply of flour, at £7 5s per ton, was accepted. Mr C. C. Shoppee, the treasurer, having left Ballarat in order to proceed to Eng- land, Mr Hickman was appointed financier until the treasurer's return. Some formal matters having been attended to, the committee ad- journed. A “ one-eyed ” Chinaman appeared before the committee of the Benevolent Asylum last night to ask for rations, he having been only recently struck off the out-door recipient list, as the doctor considered he was able to work for his living. The Celestial was named Ah You, and he was ushered in by Mr Ah Chue, the Chinese ca'echist. The applicant, it was explained, had his eye knocked out some years ago by a stone thrown by a larrikin, and since then he has had to earn a living by gathering rags and bones. It was decided to give Ah You a fortnight’s rations, further enquiries to be made in the meantime as to his physical capabilities. Ah King was next introduced to the meeting. He limped forward with a stick, and upon reaching the head of the table, near the presidential chair, he raised his jumper in order to count his ribs in the presence of the committee. This movement was intended to show that he urgently required rations from the Asylum, though the doctor had said that he could work for his living. John next performed a kind of waltz on the floor, and eventually came "broadside” on to the chairman, and exclaimed, laying his hand on his thigh, “ Too muchee rheumatism; too muchee stiff. As the committee had not studied an- atomy they would not suspend business to ex- amine John’s stiff leg, but, “every man to his business,” they advised him to see Dr Holthouse and then again come before the committee, a fortnight’s rations to be supplied in the mean time. Not long ago a number of Chinese were stuck off the outdoor list at the Benevolent Asylum, but it is expected that the proceedings of committee meetings for some time to come will be interrupted by applications from Mon- golians to be again placed on the roll of re- cipients. In reply to Mr Murray, the chairman last night stated that the contributions received from the Chinese population of this district was totally inadequate to support their poor and infirm. There was a large attendance at the Ma- chanies’ Institute last evening when a Scotch entertainment in aid of the Burns’ Memorial Fund was given. An excellent programme of Scotch songs, recitations, and anecdotes was gone through, and the frequent applause of the audience testified to their appreciation. Mr Hamilton Wilson, a young Scottish vocalist, who has just taken up his residence amongst us, sustained the principal portion of the entertain- ment, to the success of which, however, Miss M. H. Davies and Mr Phillip Long considerably contributed. Mr G. H. Scarse acted as ac- companiment. The following was the programme: —Overture, "Bonnie Scotland,” lady pianiste; song, "There was a lad born in Kyle,” Mr Wilson; song, “Coorting in o’er kail yard,” Mr Wilson; song, “Auld Robin Gray,” Miss M. H. Davies; song, "March of the Cameron men,” Mr Wilson; recitation, “The photographic studio," Mr Long; song, " Castles in the air,” Mr Wilson; Bagpipes, march; Highland Piper; Song, “ John Grumlie,” Mr Wilson; song, “The miller and the maid,” Miss M. H.Davies; song, "Flora M’Donald’s lament,” Mr. Wilson; recita- tion, "Sandy in the cricket field,” Mr Long; song, “The wee wee German lairdie,” Mr Wil- son; duet, “O wert thou in the cold blast,” Miss M. H. Davies and Mr Wilson; bagpipes, pibroch, Highland piper; song, "The bonnie hills o’ Scotland,” Mr Wilson; song, “Robin Tamson’s smiddy,” Mr Wilson; finale, "Auld Lang Syne.” During the evening Mr J. Murray, treasurer of the fund, announced that there were now nearly £300 in hand towards the pur- chase of a statue of Burns, and he thought they would soon have sufficient funds to obtain a suitable memorial. Mr Bickett, secretary, stated that he had received letters from Edinburgh, New York, and other places, in reference to designs by different artists. The net benefit of last night’s effort to the memorial fund will be about £15, arid it is probable that the entertain- ment will be repeated. Messrs David Ham, J.P., and M. C. Carey, as members of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum, are not afraid of any work that may be given them to do in connection with the institu- tion, but it certainly seemed last night that fate had decreed that they must be relieved of a major portion of their responsibilities as visitors to the needy in part of Ballarat East. Since the last meeting of the Asylum committee there has been quite an exodus of outdoor recipients from the large district under the charge of Messrs Ham and Carey; and last night, in reply to the usual enquiry from visitors, the former gentle- man rose and read a document which announced nearly every case as having "left” the district. Whatever has become of the recipients? ” asked one gentleman. “You see,” replied Mr Ham, jocosely, “ Mr Carey and myself look them up and see that no imposture goes on, so they have gone to places where they will be more mildly treated.” “I am surprised,” chimed in Mr Carey, “ at this remarkable clearance; I always considered Mr Ham and myself were too soft with those in our district.” For the present the occupation of the gentlemen named as asy- lum visitors in Ballarat East is comparatively gone. At the meeting of the committee of the Bene- volent Asylum last night, Mr Hickman, J.P., was appointed acting-treasurer of the institution during the absence of the regular officer, Mr Shoppee, in England. As it is part of the treasurer’s duty to superintend gardening operations in the Asylum grounds. Mr Curtis became anxious to know whether Mr Hickman would act as “ head gardener,” but the chairman made an attempt to pass on to the next business without answering the question. Mr.Curtis, who is evidently pas- sionately fond of flowers, insisted on a reply being given to his query, whereupon Mr Phillips said, "Mr. Hickman takes all the duties and responsibilities of the office, sir.” This silenced Mr. Curtis. An examination of persons desirous of qualify- ing themselves to teach singing in State schools was held yesterday at the Central school. The examination was conducted by Mr Holland, M.A. Only five candidates presented them- selves. The results will be made known in a few days. Mr T. Gill’s new steamer Golden City will be launched at Lake Wendouree to-day, at 3 p.m. The ceremony will be attended by a little demonstration. At the Lyceum Hall last night a complimen- tary banquet was tendered to Mr J. A. Pittard, the popular and respected president of the Boot and Leather Cricket Club. There was a good attendance of members of the club, and the fol- lowing were among the visitors:—Messrs W. Owen, Cutler, A. Miller, Hartley, J. Lyons, W. H. Jones, and Hager. The chair was occupied by Mr J. A. Pittard, and the vice chair by the vice- president of the club, Mr D. J. Wheal. The usual loyal toasts having been duly honored, the chairman proceeded to distribute the trophies won by various members. Before doing so, he took occasion to remark that the Boot and Leather Cricket Club was but in its infancy. Two years ago it was not in existence, but the granting of the Friday half-holiday by the em- ployers had caused them to look round for some means of recreation on that day. Praise was due to the secretary, who had started the club, and to whose energy the success attained was largely owing. During the last season they had been very successful, having been the runners-up for the Owen Challenge Cup. The club numbered only about 18 playing members, and during the season they had played 13 matches, of which they had won 10 and lost three—a very good record, but he hoped to see them beat it next season; and as Mr Owen had promised another cup to be competed for, he trusted to see the Boots carry it off. He then made the following presentations:—A silver albert and locket to Mr M'Inery for the best batting average, and a gold medal to C. L. Horman for the best bowling average. The gold medal for best all-round play was awarded to Mr W. Palmer. Mr N. OIgers received a silver medal for being the best rising young player, and a silver medal was also awarded to W. Horman for fielding. The reci- pients having suitably responded, Mr Pittard was presented with a handsome picture, contain- ing the photos of the members of the team. The healths of the “President,” the “Vice-presi- dent,” and the “Visitors” having been proposed and responded to, the party broke up, pleased with their evening’s entertainment. The weather still remains unsettled. The barometer was falling last night. A large meeting of the Ballarat City Rowing Club was held at Brophy’s hotel last evening, when it was unanimously decided to hold a grand entertainment in the Academy of Music on Friday, 24th July. It is the intention, as usual with the club, to place one of their first- class programmes before the public, and an in- fluential committee was appointed to carry out the arrangements. W. J. Coghlan and Cos., of Tattersall’s Sale Yards, beg to notify to their clients, that for the future their pig sale will start at 12 30 o’clock sharp, commencing from next Wednesday, 17th inst. Cr Smith presented a petition to the City Council yesterday from a number of residents of South street, complaining of the state of the channel between Errard and Drummond streets, and stating that a number of cases of fever had occurred in the vicinity, probably from that cause. Cr Smith said he had visited the place, and considered it a disgrace to the City. It was a perfect cesspool, the water was dammed up in such a way. Concerning the complaints of fever, he was surprised that.an epidemic did not break out. The petition was received, and on Cr Smith’s motion, seconded by Cr Hickman, it was decided to have specifications prepared at once, so that the making of the channel might be one of the first works done when money became available in August. Mr Russell, M.L.A., on Sunday at the Wes- leyan Church, Millbrook, preached the funeral ser- mon of the late Mr Westcott, who died a few days ago, greatly respected. The preacher, who took his text from Psalms, xxiii., 4, dwelt at length on the many good qualities possessed by the late Mr Westcott, and referred to the Christian virtues which were visible in his daily life. There was a large congregation. Mrs Marie Hubbard, a philanthropic lady, who periodically visits the various charitable institu- tions of the colony, thus writes of an inspection made by her of the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum: —“ 4th June, 1885. I have visited this institu- tion to-day for the first time, and I am very agreeably surprised and delighted with the whole appearance of the Asylum and to me it seems a true home for the destitute in every sense of the word. The house is beautifully clean, the bread and provisions of the finest quality, the wards a picture of comfort, and the inmates appear to enjoy the comforts supplied for them so bountifully by the powerful hands of the generous citizens of Ballarat. The committee may be justly proud of their grand institution. I have visited the charitable institutions in Vic- toria for a quarter of a century, and consider myself an authority on the management of such institutions, and I have now no hesitation in saying that the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum sur- passes any institution I ever visited for home- like comforts and cleanliness. —Marie Hub- bard.” The reading of the letter gave very great satisfaction, and the reporters were asked to publish it for general information. An offer has been made to the City Council by a Mr Dalley, a young man who has recently arrived here, but has had considerable experience with his father in such matters, to set right the carillons at the City Hall, provide ropes and everything complete, for £75. Cr Claxton introduced Mr Dalley to the council yesterday afternoon, and urged the council to take advan- tage of the offer. The matter was referred to the finance committee. Mr Dalley, we under- stand, agrees to the condition that if the work is not satisfactory, he will take no payment, and as the bells have been lying perfectly useless, the council should certainly make an attempt to have them put in order. Owing to several of the old men in the Bene- volent Asylum having latterly “got on the spree,” the committee of the institution would feel pleased if publicans would refuse to supply inmates with drink. The management of the Asylum feel that in some instances hotelkeepers supply the old folks with beer merely through kindness, but, though this is intended, it is viewed as quite the opposite by the Asylum committeemen, who have frequently to expel men and women for drunkenness. In the gallery of eminent Australians, the Hon. Adye Douglas, Premier of Tasmania, finds a place in the June number of Once a Month. The notice is a deservedly appreciative one, for he appears to have borne his share in the colony's work right heartily and nobly. Besides the continuation of the stories, there are good and well- written papers on various topics, and the illustrations are an improvement on the past. Altogether the number is a very good one. We have also to hand from Mr M. L. Hutchinson, the “Victorian Publishers' Cir- cular." Morphinomania (writes our Paris correspon- dent) has, up to present, been a monopoly of the rich, and those for whom wealth produces ennui. That deplorable disease has invaded the poor working classes, who find in morphine a surer mind-stunner than absinthe or other publicans’ drugs. Attorneys' clerks, and men given to low-paid sedentary labor, have thrown baccy to the dogs; instead of pipe, pouch and matchbox, they have a pricking needle, a syringe, and a small phial of morphine. When the frame requires a stimulus, a small puncture in the skin, a squirt of the poison, and for a few minutes all heaven is before their eyes. There is no hiding the perfect cure; it is as freely re- sorted to, as individuals spicing their soup in restaurants with antibilious, or strengthening pills. The rich have some feelings of shame at their degradation; when the hours come for dosing, no postponement is possible, they will call a cab to administer the elixir, or will hire a private room in an hotel. At the Opera, during a full representation, there are ladies who will retire to the back part of their box, and indulge in the puncture and the pump. Some of the poor wretches admitted to the hospital, had in- dulged in so many skin perforations, that the latter united, formed unhealing ulcers over several parts of the body. One of the leading surgeons of this city is a notorious victim of the deadly mania. There appears to be no real remedy for the vice. The ordinary committee meeting of the Buninyong branch A.M.A., No. 6, was held at the Buninyong hotel on Saturday last. Pre- sent:—Messrs A. W. Chapman (vice-president), in the chair; Lippiatt. Hodges, Fitzgerald, Calloway, Hanley, Coswello, Treloar, Cooper, Westh, and the secretary. Correspondence was received from the secretary of the A.M.A., notifying the ending of the Bethanga strike. From same, giving information and copy of letters from the M.A. of Denniston, in refer- ence to lock-out at the Westport Coal mines. From Department of Mines and Water Supply, in reference to men working 8½ hours, with a request that if such occur here it be reported to the Minister of Mines. Accounts amounting to £3 10s were passed for payment. In reference to Land Board, Mr A. W. Chapman was ap- pointed to make any necessary objections. The secretary was instructed to obtain ballot-boxes for the convenience of those who could not attend the half-yearly meeting. Mr Greene, the clerk of the Smythesdale Petty Sessions (writes our local correspondent) received instructions from the department on Saturday to hold himself in readiness to proceed to Kyneton, and to take charge of the office there. During the time Mr Greene occupied the responsible part of clerk of the court here, his courteous manner and obliging disposition won for him the respect and esteem of all with whom he came in contact, and his departure to Kyne- ton will be very generally regretted.” The fourth competition in connection with the Linton Ride Club for the Dodd trophy, and the first for the M’Cuskey trophy, was fired off at the local butts on Saturday, at the 400 and 500 yards ranges, five shots at each range. The day was cold and cloudy, and very unfavorable to good shooting. The following are the highest total scores for the Dodd trophy up to date:— O'Sullivan, 157; A. Cochrane, 145; Thomas, 133; Fincham, 120. For the M'Cuskey trophy the following made the highest scores:—F. O'Beirne, 45, including a handicap of 5; Fincham, 41, with 9 of a handicap; A. Cochrane, 37, with 1 of a handicap; and A. Campbell, 36, including 12 of a handicap. At the Carngham Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Thomson, P.M., and T. Hopper, W. Murray, and R. Stewart, J’s.P. Senior- constable O’Shaughnessy proceeded against Wil- liam Wendt, on a charge of wilfully breaking two panes of glass, value 3s, in the Roman Catholic Church, Snake Valley. Same v Andrew Robert- son—Breaking one pane of glass, value 1s 6d, in the same church. Same v James Hunt —Wil- fully breaking nine panes of glass, value 13s 6d, also in the same church. As the offenders are very young and the prosecution declined asking for cost of glass, the Bench read them a severe lecture, and fined each 1s, with 2s 6d costs. W. Matthews v Peter Gillies—Unlawful assault; no appearance. The five men, Yates, Millidge, Alcock, For- tune, and M'Mahon, in custody in connection with the National Bank robbery at Simpson’s road, will appear on remand at the Melbourne City Court to-day, but the police are not pre- pared with the evidence, and a remand for an- other week will be applied for. The charge against M'Mahon (says the Herald) is only that of being an accessory, while the others are charged with robbery under arms. The charge against M'Mahon will in all proba- bility be eventually withdrawn as it is be- lieved he did not share the proceeds of the robbery, and only received £20 for the use of his cart. He also supplied the police with information where the hidden money could be found. As Yates has also given valuable information to the police, it is likely that the charge against him will be altered to the lesser one of being an accessory. Notwithstanding this he is believed to have gone “whacks” in the money stolen with the other three. The five women, Madeline Sullivan, Maggie Walsh, Kate Hager, Eva Bradley, and Annie Murray, the two first-named for being the occupants of disorderly houses, and the three last-named on charges of vagrancy, will also appear before the court. The London correspondent of the Argus states that a meeting of gentlemen and firms interested in all branches of trade, commerce, and shipping in the Australasian colonies was held on 2nd May, at the Cannon street hotel, under the presidency of Sir W. M‘Arthur, M.P., for the purpose of forming a trade section and commit- tee in connection with the London Chamber of Commerce, to directly represent the large com- mercial interests of the various colonies. The proposed section, it is added, meets with very general approval. Within the last two years no fewer than 12 trade sections have been formed in connection with the chamber, with useful re- sults, and it is felt that a similar organisation, charged with the care and promotion of the varied interests of Australasian trade, would be equally successful. It is proposed that the sec- tion (and its working committee) should con- sider all matters specially concerning Australa- sian trade, and in carrying its decisions into practical effect the section would have the ad- vantage of commanding the power and influence of the London chamber itself. The chairman of the section would, by virtue of his office, possess a seat on the council of the chamber, to whom he would submit for confirmation all resolutions, reports, or recommendations adopted by the section. Thus the action of the latter would be taken in the name of the chamber—a body com- posed of upwards of 2150 members engaged in almost every kind of trade or industry. It has been suggested that, amongst other subjects, the section could usefully discuss the commercial aspects of the federation question, State-aided emigration, colonial postal rates, the advisability of the Australian colonies joining the Postal Union, the development of colonial railways and railway communication between the Mediterra- nean and the Persian Gulf; but the questions to be primarily taken up by the section, as well as the details of its organisation, will be decided upon at the preliminary meeting. An Age cablegram states that at a conference of representatives from the London Chamber of Commerce and shipowners the basis of an amending Bill of Lading Bill has been agreed to. One of the provisions will be to permit of owners of vessels adopting the Cape route when quaran- tine has been proclaimed in the Suez Canal. The Kreuz Zeilung announces that the German military authorities have decided to give to each of the commanders of the three great fortresses of Posen, Coblentz, and Mayence an adlolus, in the person of a superior officer of the General Staff Corps. In the event of war, the garrison of each of these fortresses would be as large as as a corps d’armee. Taking into account the greatly enlarged area of those fortresses, and the special character of the defence which some of the work might require, the authorities con- sidered it would be right to strengthen the hands of the commanders by the assistance of an officer whose special duty it has been to thoroughly acquaint himself with all the details connected with the defence of fortresses. It is expected that the Danish Government will introduce a bill in the Folkething prohibit- ing the so-called rifle societies, on the ground that they foster political agitation. The bill will also provide for controlling the importation of rifles into Denmark. A new club, entitled the City and Colonial Club (writes the London correspondent of the Argus) has just been opened in Basinghall street, London. The object in establishing it is to pro- vide accommodation in the city on the lines of the best West End clubs, combined with an Ex- change, where colonial gentlemen on a visit to this country might meet merchants and manu- facturers, both of the metropolis and the pro- vinces. An attempt is also being made to establish a large proprietary club, entitled the Imperial and American Club. The Marquis of Normanby is one of the honorary vice-presi- dents. The Foreign and Colonial Offices are stated by the London correspondent of the Argus to be both equally pleased at the unexpected success which has crowned Mr J. B. Thurston’s negotia- tions with Dr. R. Krauel, the German repre- sentative on the Anglo- German Pacific Commis- sion. The general result is considered to be distinctly favorable to both Imperial and colonial interests in the Pacific, and it is particularly satisfactory to be able to state that Mr Thurston, before leaving for Fiji on Thursday last, re- ceived from Dr. Krauel an explicit assurance that in regard to penal settlements in the Pacific he was quite at liberty to state that the German Government was willing to enter into an arrangement with great Britain that neither Power should form such settlements in their South Sea possessions. It will be remembered that when Earl Granville suggested, some time since, that Germany should give such assurance respecting her proposed West African colonies, Prince Bismarck, with considerable indignation, bluntly refused to comply, and pretty plainly assured the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs that he had no right to ask for such a pledge. Lord Granville has written M Thurston a most gratifying letter thanking him for his able and successful exertions with respect to the Fiji and Pacific Commissions. Mt Thurston will visit Sir Arthur Gordon at Ceylon. A special meeting of the Creswick Miners' Association was (says the Advertiser) held on Saturday evening in the Ristori Hall, to discuss the advisability of increasing the amount for building the office in Creswick, and of voting a sum to the strike among the coal miners in New Zealand. Mr Stapleton, the president, occupied the chair, and opened the meeting by explaining the reasons for convening it. He said, in re- ference to the office, that the contractor, whose tender had been accepted, had made a mistake in his calculations, and would be unable to erect the office at the price tendered for. Mr Richards moved that £60 be passed to meet the require- ments. An amendment moved by Mr Nantes— “That the question be adjourned to the half- yearly meeting” — was carried. In the New Zea- land strike a notice of motion had been given that £10 be voted to assist them. Mr Richards moved—“That the amount be passed." An amendment moved by Mr Dooley—“The £20 be passed"—was carried. The meeting was a very small one. The Herald says that the little girl Clara Crosby, who for 21 days was lost in the bush near Lilydale, is now in the Melbourne Hos- pital, and is in a convalescent state. She is under the care of a kind man, and attended by Dr Kent. Yesterday she was running about the ward. On being addressed she spoke in a very intelligent manner, but any reference to her recent experience caused her to shudder visibly. She has rather a careworn look, but otherwise the casual observer could not tell she had such a short time ago gone through so trying an ordeal. The Bendigo Advertiser says that on Saturday, Dr Hinchcliff, had to treat two broken limbs, owing to falls occasioned by orange-peel lying on the pavement. The first was that of Mrs Barry of high street, whose right forearm was broken by a fall. Mrs Barry put her arm out as she fell, and the limb consequently received the weight of her body. On the same day Mr C. H. Collier, of the Advertiser office, had his right leg broken just above the ankle while walking on the footpath in Ironbark. The leg was broken in a diagonal direction, and Dr Hinchcliff con- siders that it will be two or three months before Mr Collier will be able to get about again. The steamer Australia, from the N. W. coast of Tasmania, reports having seen the steamer Balmain ashore at Circular Head on Saturday evening. She had driven ashore during Friday night in a heavy easterly gale. The South street recitals under the auspices of the South street Debating Society, will be con- tinued in the Hall, South street, this evening, commencing at 7.45 p.m. Admission free. Col- lection. The secretary of the Linton Free Library desires to acknowledge with thanks, the receipt of cheque for £3 from the Hon. Philip Russell, in aid of the library fund. We have received the sum of £7 0s 2d from the Sulieman Pasha Tributors per Mr A. Bernardi, on behalf of Mrs Bourne and family. A tea and public meeting will be held to-night at the Bible Christian Church, Skipton street. A local land board will be held at the police court, Ballarat, on Wednesday, 24th June at 11 a.m. An entertainment for the benefit of ex Captain Muir will be given in the Academy of Music, on Monday next, by Mr Hamilton Wilson, assisted by local talent. An examination of candidates desirous of ob- taining the “certificate of being sufficiently educated” will be held at State school No. 33, on Friday, 19th instant, at 10 o’clock. A public meeting will be held at the Derby hotel, Miners’ Rest, on Thursday next, 18th instant, at 3 o’clock, of all persons interested in the extension of the Dowling Forest Racecourse telegraph line to the township of Miners’ Rest. Recitals will be given at South street to-night at 7.45 p.m. 