[?] A verdict of £50 obtained by Mr. Earnest Giles in his action against a squatter named Miller. At Kerang, recently, a man named Thomas W. Jones was thrown out of his dray and killed on the spot. Mr, Dibbs, the N.S.W. Colonial Treasurer, having recovered from his late illness, has resumed his official duties. A gentleman who was visiting one -of the pub lic schools in a Texas town, asked a bright-looking boy : " What profit is there iu the study of anaient history !" " About fifty cents, I reckon," was the reply. " What !" " Well, the teacher makes us buy the books of him, and we have to pay a dollar. I think he gets them for fifty cents a apiece, so he has a clear profit of fifty cents, according to my calculation." The boy went home at recess, hence he could not eomply with the request of the teacher to stay in after school. The Marquis of Salisbury, the ' new Premier of Great Britain, is a lineal descendant of Lord Bur leigh, the only nobleman privileged to be seated in presence of 'he, ' Good Queen Bess.' Clara Crosby, the little girl, aged 12 years, who was recently lost in the bush near Lilydale for 21 days, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital recently. .The libel action brought by Chas. Jame3 Stewart, a member of the Age New Guinea expedition, against the proprietors of the Daily Telegraph, was brought to a conclusion on Wednesday, when the jury brought in a verdict for the defendants, The ceremony of laying the corner-stone of an A nglicani Church for the Chinese at Botany, N.S.W. was performed recently by Bishop Barry. It will be the first Chinese church in the colony. The sentence of death passed on Robert Twyford, David Weir, Edye Hemvood, Michael Ryan, and George Seymour, William Turnbutt, and Danial Grant, recently convicted of rape, at Sydney, has been commuted in the case of the first five to 10 years' imprisonment and two floggings each, and in that of the two latter to five years' imprisonment and one flogging each. The South Australian Parliament has adjourned for a fortnight to allowthenew Premier to formulate his policy. Sir George Yerdon, who is at present on a visit to Sydney, ha3 been selected to represent Victoria at the reception of the N.S.W contingent. A happy choice. At First White-hills, Sandhurst, on Tuesday, an old man named Richard Davey was killed by a quantity of earth falling upon him whilst engaged in sluicing. Can it be true? . A correspondent of a morning contemporary asserts that from 12 to 15 hours' work is expected daily from the nurses at the Melbourne hospital ! When the fund for the erection of a statue to General Gordon, in Melbourne, was started Mr. SamnM Gardiner, of Bundoora-park, presented the committee with a two-year-old colt named 'Iron Shaft, by Tubal Cain from First Flight. The colt was placed in the hands of Messrs. Yuille and Co., who disposed of him on the art-union principle, and Dr. Weeb was fortunate enough to win the colt. By this means the Gordon fund has been increased some £30. A son of Sir Henry Parkes will contest Central Cumberland at the general election. The descendants of Brigham Young now number 15,000 persons. A Bathurst ser van tgirl tried that time-honoured . plan of lighting the kitchen fire with kerosene. Nothing has benzine of her since. Nothing but pure politeness makes a bald headed man lift his hat on meeting with a young lady. _ Something to be thankful for. — A wit suffering from a severe attack of gout in both feet was asked by a friend how he was getting on. " Very badly,' he replied lugubriously ; " but I feel thankful 1 have only two iegs." The Crete question has been settled. The in habitants have accepted Saras Pasha as. the new Governor The rebellion was only averted through the intercession of the Great Powers. A so-called anti-crinolette has recently been formed in New York, for the suppression of what is termed in the prospectus a useless, cumbersome, and degrading item of female attire. Miss Fortesque, the actress, who has been do ing it grand in London, with the £10,000 got from Lord Garmoyle for breach of promise, had a seri ous fall from her brougham at St. Pancras Station recently. Dam ian, a London millionaire, offers to bet. £2000 that ghosts are not mere shadows, but mani fest themselves in the flesh, shake hands, and can have their photos taken. Coming events cast their shodows before them. The reduction in the Sydney tramfares is a pretty good proof that the general elections are not yet. While the war scare was on, Russia contracted with a Newcastle-011-Tyne firm for 10,000 tons of the best steam coal, for delivery at the fortress of Cronstadb, in the Baltic. Threepence perton over the market price paid in cash. The commissioner of police received a telegram recently stating that the police at Georgetown have heard from an old aboriginal that three white men and two black bays were killed by blacks at the Van Diemens River about 14 days ago. The party were exploring for stock country. At the invitation of a foreign Government, Mr. Reckenzann, who has done much for the application of storage batteries to tram car locomotion, has. produced designs for a torpedo- launch, service, to- be propelled at high speed by electricity. The; conditions enjoined are that this craft should make- a voyage across the England Channel and: back in moderately fair weather. It is confidently be lieved that the test can be complied with, and the- construction of the vessel and machinery is to be commenced without delay. In view of important improvements in the electrical appliances, her speed maybe expected to exceed anything hitherto, attempted. " Yes," said Mrs. Parvenu,, with a wad of' pride- in her voice as big as a chew of fine cut,, "my daughter is to be married at an early day." "To- a titled German, I believe ? " queried the friend, to. whom she was talking. ." Yes, a German Baron." "All, a Baron? What is his name ?" "The Baron of —Baron of — pshaw ! it's funny I can't remember his name. . My dear," she- said, turning to- Her husband, a gruff old chap behind a newspaper, "what is our new son-in-law's title? He's Baron of something, but I can't recall it." "Don'fe know," he growled. "-Barren of Funds, I reckon.'" 