TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Bv Abmodeus. Those who were fortunate enough to assist at the autumn meeting of the Australian Jockey Club can bear testimony to having taken part at one of the most successful reunion ever cele brated at Itandwick. Four days' racing in ono week told of a plethora of sport, and -whilo .there also was no lack of quantity, tho well sustained fields and the numerous close finishes which resulted were productive of equally con gratulatory results. Tho weather contributed in no small measuro to tho harmony of affairs in general, for although the atmosphere was not of that genial and invigorating description which greets visitors to Randwick in the spring time, there was no prejudicial interference on the part of tho elements, and matters passed off pleasantly in this respect. Nothing vory startling transpired on the score of individual performances, and if the- 2-yoar-olds be excepted— of whom Uralla proved herself the reigning queen— tho display of all round form, viewed from a weight for ago standpoint, was not of a very high order. Reginald effected a monopoly of tho weight for ago honors, inaugurating his series of triumphs by a most unexpected victory over Commotion, on whom odds of 5 to 2 were freely forthcoming. Tho champion's owner and trainer were at a loss to account for tho defeat — all the more so because of tho excellent work tho veteran had done since his sojourn at Randwick. Not satis fied with tho result, they hoped for better things on subsequently opposing Reginald in the Cumbex-land Stakes, and public confidenco in the Panic hero was such as to cause him to have tho call in the market, notwithstanding his previous defeat at the hands of tho Grand master colt. Again did Reginald assert his superiority ; and when th ejiiit was repeated for tho third time, over tho champion's favorite course (throo miles), pcoplo bccanro forcibly im pressed with tho idea that Mr. Pearson's repre sentative was dead amiss. This conclusion found faTor in the fact that David, ivho was decisively beaten in the Champion Stakes, also finished in front of Commotion. Such a speedy reversal of form was too glaring to be true. It is to bo regretted that Com motion should have been submitted to a series of humiliating defeats so quickly after his meritorious display at Flemington, and Mr. rent-sou would now do well to lay up tho old horso in lavender, with a view of giving him another opportunity of distinguish ing himself in the next Champjon race. No horso in training is bettor deserving, or in nioro need of nature's loisuro. In thu3 accounting for Commotion's defeats, I liavo no dosiro to detract from Reginald's vic tories. Theson of Grandmaster and Ave Maria wasnlwaysafavoritoof mine. 'Tistruoliocut up roughly at the last Itaudwickspringmeoting, but now that he has recovered himself ho has clearly, demonstrated his superiority, and by vanquish ing David so easily in both tho Autumn Stakes and A.J.O. Plate, collateral deductions provo him to bo tho beat 3-year-old of tho season. Tho most disappointing part of Reginald's behavior at Randwiok was his inability to obtain a placo in tho Sydnoy Cup, for whioh event ho was fa vorably handicapped at 7 st 8 lb. Pctrea and Progress won tho same raco as 3-ycnr-olds with 7 ct. 12 lb. and 8 Bt 2 lb. respectively, so that tho question put to him was not of a very harassing or unprecedented nature. By virtue of winning tho St. Lcger Silver King ranks next to Reginald as the best 3-yoar-old per former at tho meeting, but tho field opposed to him was so inferior nB to liberally discount the performance. Although ho won, tho son of First King was not so well as wiion ho first tasted victory, at Gcelong, and again at Flemington, and I am far from coinciding with the prevailing prejudice whioh has sprang into existence relntivo to his morits. He iB so leggy and overgrown that I think timo will do much to improve him, and next season I shall look forward to fresh evidence of his ability to gallop. . Tho handicap honors of the meeting were divided between Normanby, Merlin, Rapid, St. Lawrence, Ellington, Mascotlc, Highland Mary and Moonshec.: ; Normanby, who looked as bright as a star, was admirably served by his light impost, ' nnd his sustained run when in pursuit of Velocipedo was ono of tho most brilliant ever seen on a racecourse, .placing at rest all doubt respecting his par tiality for a distance. The turf of New South Wales can boast of fow better supporters than Mr. W. Kite, to whom tho victory was addi tionally gratifying on account of Normanby being a horse of his own breeding, by Gemma di Vergy from Kitty, a daughter of Barbarian. Normanby is- a full brother to Vergy, with whom Mr. W, Lang may some day be fortunate enough to accomplish a, coup of similar magni tude. Merlin's conquest in the City Handicap, ono imile, and-w- half, carrying. 8 st. 12 lb.,, . takes" iiprobedSnte; as' tho handicap- per formance par, excellence of the entire meet- sing, and the consistent ,. son. of Wild Eagle also ran prominently in the Cup, in which race he was interfered with by the riderless Wing, who is also said to have played havoc with the chances of other horses. St. Lawrence was the only Victorian representative, other than the newly purchased Moonshec, which succeeded in gaining a winning notch in handicap company. The Glorious horse has improved beyond re cognition since his removal to T. Coffey's 6table, and hiB recent consistent behavior has assisted to remove much of the former doubt which existed relative to his gamoness. Coistonn, Cincinnatus, Bonno Fortune, General Scobeloff and Mazcppa will ho sub mitted to public auction on Tuesday noxt by Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co., on account of Mr. D. M. Robertson. The same auctioneers have re ceived instructions from Mr. John Whittingham to dispose of the whole of his breeding stud during -.the meeting of the South Australian Jockoy Club at Flemington. Our Wagga Wagga correspondent telegraphs that tho weather on Thursday was clear and bright, and the racecourse in splendid order. Tho horses which have arrived for tho Autumn Meeting are doing gentle exercise. Uralla asserted herself to an irresistible extent in the 2-year old contests, and was ably assisted by her stable nssooiates Matchlock and Angora. There can be no difference of opinion respecting Uralla's pace, for sho fairly silenced her fields on each occasion ; hut her Flemington defeat at tho hands of Dunlop and Garfield has raised a question with regard to her staying qualifica tions, which hor 3-year-old engagements alone will set at rest. .Matchlock has made marked improvement since wo first saw him run on tho V.R.C. convincing ground, and tho stylo in whioh he won tho Nursery Handicap stamped him a colt of undeniable excellence. The 2- year-olds opposed to Angora in the Maiden Stakes did not represent a very strong team, nnd her subsequent failure in tho AU- aged Stakes places her a long way behind Uralla and Matchlock. Monto Christo's in ability to shine was in marked contrast to his brilliant behavior earlier in the season, but as ho was on the big side and went short in his work his non-success is not to he wondered . at, more especially as the stable had tho Produce and other juvenile contests at their raoroy with Uralla, Matchlock and Angora. With the ad vent of next season it would not surprise me to see Monto Christo reappear a strongly sup ported candidate for our Derbies, in which Mr. J. White will be hard to beat, as in addition to the brilliant eon of Chester his A.J.C. Derby string comprises Uralla, Matchlock, Angora, Nordenfoidt, Lennox and others. All hut Angora are likewise nominated for tho V.R.C. blue garland. Astrcea won the All-aged Stakes in style, beating Abnor, Evie, Angora and others ; nnd although she subsequently encountered de feat in the Nursery Handicap, that unsuccessful effort docs not detract from tho excellence of her pcrformanco in tha first instance. Abncr was twice beaten after winning tho Sapling Stakes, so that it is highly probable Captain Osborne gave full valuo for the brother to Cas siopeia and Constellation when he became his owner for 810 sovs. Pace rather than stamina has always been tho characteristic of lu3 dam's family, and Abner's running, so far, ha3 main tained this reputation. Goldsbrough was re presented by a solitary winner in Keith, who appropriated the Two-year-old Plate ; but iu Car digan he owns one of tho best looking juveniles that took part in the mooting, and whose future career is brimful of promise. Cairo was not himself, and better things may also bo ex pected of Manchester, Ringmaster, Evio, Mag nifier and Sir James. Numerically, Grandmaster took first placo amongst tho sires represented at tho A.J.C. meeting, hi3 victories numbering four, tlireo with tho assistance of Reginald, tho other by tho aid of Highland Mary. Chester scored three wins with Uralla, Muskot two with Matchlock, Lecturer ono each with Mascottu aud Student, Gemma di Vergy ono each with Normanby nnd Moonshec. Tho following sires were each represented by a single winner, viz.: — First King (Silver King), Glori ous (St. Lawronco), Marvellous (Ellington), Mnribyrnong (Angora), Lottery (Rainbow), St. Albans (Abner), Goldsbrough (Keith), Fergus I. (Astrea), Wild Eaglo (Merlin), Touchstone (De ceiver) and Rapid Bay (Rapid). Hales headed tho list of successful jockeys1 with sovca win ning mounts, thon followed Saunders, Nichol son and Ellis with thrca cach Moore, Kolso, Robertson, Flannigan, Norton, Colloy, Batty and Emmrorth with ono each, 01 the twenty- four races run at the meeting fourteen were won by Victorian jockeys. By the death of Dr. Bathe tho Victorian turf has lostone of itB oldest, identities, whose patron age extended over a period of 30 years. There were none who had the better interest of tho sport more at heart, and whose connection with the popular pastime has been as honorable as it was long. Tho doctor's colors were more prominently nssociatod with Stoekbridgo and Maid of Avenelj than with any other horses owned by him and known to the present genera tion of turfites. With tho former ho won tho Maribyrnong Plato in 1873, and with tho latter the first Newmarket Handicap in the following year. Both horses wore ridden by Hatty, who steered Deceiver to victory in the Steeple chase , at Randwick last Saturday. Thoso who witnessed the Derby of the fol lowing year will remember how tho same jockey lost the blue ribbon honors on Stoekbridgo through looking back at Scanmsg, thus allowing tho veteran Jimmy Ashworth, tho present clerk of the course at Randwick, to steal a march on Melbourne and win by tho shortest of heads. Atnlanta was another mare with which Dr. Batho won several races at that period. She ran second to Maid of Arencl for the Newmarket Handicap, and at the samo meeting I well remember seeing the doctor having matters to himself in' tho V.B.O. Sires' Produce Stakes with the Flying Fox, Discretion And. All .Steel, the. former beating Discretion by a head. This trio were the only starters. Of late years Dr. Bathe's colors have been seen, less frequently on ourracecourses, but ho did not ceaso to interest himself in tho affairs of the -turf, and may ho said to have died in harness. Ho has left his mark both as a breeder and ownor. He bred many good horses in his time, including Stoekbridgo, Maid of Avenol, Lady Avenel, Discretion, Catherine Seyton, Julian Aveuel, Sea King, Sea Serpent, Turn o' the Tide, Ralph Leigh, &c.; Dr. Bathe belonged to the old school of sportsmen who raced for honor, and it was his anxiety for the welfare of the turf in Victoria that caused him to be iden tified with the attempted introduction of the totalisator n few years ago. Although not a betting man himself, his experience of racing persuaded him that it was impossible to carry on tho sport without speculation of some kind, and by way of choosing tho less dangerous of two evils ho used his influence to divert bet ting through the medium of tho totalisator, in whioh undertaking ho was warmly supported by the late Mr. R. C. Bagot. Dr. Bathe was a frequent anonymous contributor to the sporting press on subjects of turf reform, and numerous contributions from his pen have appeared in tho columns of The Lca.-ler from time to time. The deceased gentleman expired very suddenly on the 10th inst. His memory will be long cherished by thoso who are admirers of genuine sportsmen of the old English typo. Now that our representative turf forces have returned from Randwiok a partial cessation of hostilities mil ensue until there is another call to arms to celebrate the advent of the South Australian contingent at Flemington on the first Saturday in May. Meanwhile Caulfield. will claim attention next Saturday,' tvhilo those who may bo desirous of wandering further' afiold in search of sport 'can jourucj£eUher to Hamilton or Wagga Wagga', atbotffWwhich places meetings ore. announcodtoil'e held next week. : The publication of' the. weights for the 'Adelaide Cup and Goodwood Handicap tells of the near approach of the South Australian Jockey Club meeting. In the Adelaido Cup, Commotion is assigned tho post of honor with 9 st. 9 lb., or 9 lb. less than the impost allotted him in the Australian Cup ; and remembering that he won the Midsummer Handicap, 1 miles, with 10 st. 1 lb-., the veteran is leniently treated, and were he in the same form I would look no further for the winner. Commotion's running at Randwick proves him to ho all to pieces, however, and this faot has doubtless received the consideration of tho handicapper. Wero old Assyrian, 8 st. 11 lb., as-good as ho was before his retirement from the turf, X would prefer him to all tho top weights, the majority of whom appoar to bo held comparatively safe. I like nothing uutii I como to Camerino, 8 st. 2 lb. ; and lower down tho list, Prometheus, 8 ' st. 1 lb. ; Grace Dar ling, 8 st. j Favo, 8 St. j Hilltop, 7 st. 13 lb. ; Vergy, 7 st. 12 lb. ; and Napior, 7 st. 9 lb., are well enough treated, though perhaps not so favorablycountonancodasHeleno, 7 st. 7 lb.; Tho Broker, 7 st. 71b.; Middlemarch, 7st. 6 lb., aud Conjecture, 7 st. 21b., this being a quartet whioh will take a lot of wiping out if disposed to show fight. Stornaway's crcditablo steward ship attha Autumn meeting pronounces him a highly qualified candidate at 7 st. , and I am like wise favorably disposed to Quality, 6 st. 9 lb. Lan tern, 6st. 71b., and Princo Imperial, 6 st. 21b. Lantern is a horso that appears to bo let in under exceptionally favorable circumstances, and meets Topaz on 20 lb., Helcno on 17 lb., Lord Wilton on 14 lb., Tarpei on 12 lb., and Lavington on 12 lb. better terms than in tho Adelaido Birthday Cup. It is cvidont that Gomebcdy has blundered iu handicapping Lan tern. If fairly dealt with in the Birthday Cup a grave error has boon committed iu turning him loose for tho inoro important event to bo decided at Flemington. Tho samo remark applies to tho Goodwood Handicap, in which ho meets Heieno on 20 lb,, Tarpei on 18 lb., Lord Wil ton on 171b., Lavingtou on 10 lb., Topaz on 7 lb., and P.uby on 5 lb. more disadvantageous conditions than in tho City Handicap. Ruby is also considerately handled for both events, as compared with Sardius, Helene, Topaz and Lord Wilton. Tiiero is another Lan tern' running in South Australia, about 2 st. below tho calibre of Mr. J. Crozier'a horso, and it is quite possiblo that Mr. E. T. Barnard mistakes ono for tho other. Among tho top weighted division in tho Goodwood .Handicap I on. srtain most partiality for Blink Bonny, 9 st.; Prometheus, 8 st. 10 lb., and Middlemarch 8 st. 10 lb. (St. Lawronco, 8 st. 2 lb.; Alpbabot, 8 St., Vergy, 7 st 13 lb.; Napier, 7 st. 12 lb.; Tho Ghost, 7 Bt. 11 lb., and St John, 7 st. 9 St., aio nicely positioned; and further down tha list . Ironmaster, 7 St.; Country Boy; 7 St.; Lantern, 6 Bt. 1? lb. ; Lavington, 6 st. 11 lb., and Nuncio, 6 st. 4 lb., nil appear t<f possess winning chances, I would remind owners that the first forfeit of 5 sovs. cacb.fo both tho Adelaide Cup nnd Goodwood liandi- cap must bo declared and paid to tho secretary of tho V.R.O., A.J.O., or S.A.J.C., before fourj p.m. on Tuesday, tho 21st inst. All the horsey not sora tolled by that time will .become . liable for tho whole sweepstakes of 10 sovs each. - Hamilton will ho thusccno of operntious noxt Wednesday and Thursday, on tlip occasion of tho annual meeting, when a goodly number of metropolitans will doubtless put - in .an . appearauoe. Tho programme is of an acceptable character, and in< teresting sport will in all probability result,; On tho opening day it would not surprise me to see the Hurdle Race go to either Guardflsh oi Starfish, and the Hamilton Cup. to Little John or King's Messenger, who should likewise have something to say in the Racing Club Handi cap on the second day, when Giideroy or Star fish should likewise bo hard to boat for the Steeplechase. There will be racing at Wagga Wagga on the same days as the Hamilton moot ing, but the reunion will have nc interest to Victorians except those whe have been lingering at Randwick, and will visit the Riverina capital on the retnrn journey. For tho Autumn Handicap I like Minerva. Impulse and Coup d'Etat in the order named. Student or Omadhauu ought to win the Hurdlt' Race, and I.prefer Iinpulso aud Minerva for the" Autumn Bracelet. . ' To-day (Saturday) will be held the inangurafj meeting at Rcsehiil, near Sydney, which rendez- vous bids fair to become the Caulfield of the sister colony. No expense has been spared to. render the now course complete in every, par ticular, about (£12,000 having been spent- in- improvements, tho same including a grand stnndcapabie of seating 1500 persons. TJie course is ono mile and a quarter in circumferenoo, and 100 feet wide, nnd is situated closo to Porramatta aud Granville. The committee in cludes such well known names as Andrei Town, Edward Lee, W. R. Hnil, W. Cooper, &c.;, and with Mr. J. A. Scarr handicapper, and Mr. Andrew Town in the jndgo's chair, tha management leaves nothing to be desired. Judging of the liberal manner in which the various events in the programme have been supported there are likely to be enormous fields at the post, and tho five handicaps- promise to lake' considerable picking. Nover-. theless, I shall hazard tho following selec tions: — Opening Handicap: His Worship ot Claudine. Two-Year-Old Handicap : Astroes or Matchlock. Pqrramatta Stakes: Keith. ot Sir James. Granville Plate : Happy Thought o.' Rainbow. Rosehill Handicap : Merlin or \'c , notla. j Mr. William Blncklo'r, whoso intimate con nection with the Adelaide Racing Club is .web- known, . has adopted a means of, auuoying- E- rival institution (the South Australian- Jockey' Club) which will meet with but little sympathy from anybody possessing a spark of sporting' spirit. Tho powerful opposition of tho unco yuie in Adelaide having driven the S. A.J.C. to find refuge at Flemington, Mr. William .Blsckler has taken advahtage 'of being, a nominator for the S.A.J.O. Produce. Stakes to threateir the club with legal proceedings if- the stake, be : not run for at Morphettvillo. Racing men in this and. the adjacent colony, howevor, need not featj that such a paltry threat will have any 'effect' upon the committee of the S. A.J.C., or that; Mr. Blackler will win the stake without runuing for it. Tho April meeting of the V. A.T.C., to bo held on tho 25th inst., promises well, the five events- having closed with satisfactory entries. Tha Selling Raco has eight competitors, and amongst the sixteen engaged in the Hurdia Race are such well known performers as Royal Maid, Zona, Don Alonzo, Vanguard, aud the New South Welshman, Despatch. A host oi talent appears in tho Glen Huntly Handicap, including Tho Bohemian, St. Latvrenco, Dura tion, Graco Darling, Middlemarch, Velocipede, Cunnamulia and Camerino ; and for tht Steeplechase the list includes Denmark, Blaefc thorn, Deceiver, Clarence, and fourteen others. The Armadale Handicap has twenty-five nomi. nations, including St. Lawrence, Seaweedj Middlemarch, Velocipedo, Delamia, Topaz Salvo, The Bohemian and other good horses The handicaps are duo on Monday next, thi 20th inst. A glauce over the entries for tho forthcoming V.A.T.O. meeting at Caulfield discloses Mr. Bradshaw's intention of trying Yollow Hammer over hurdles. Cunnamulia, tho capricious son of Maribyr nong, whoso Sydney Cup victory of 1882 will be well remembered, appears as the nomination of R. Batty for tho Glen Huntly Handicap a! . Caulfield. Tho various privileges at tho S. A.J.C. meet- ins, to bo hoid at Flemington on the 2nd, 7th and 9th May, including gates, booths, stalls, &c.;, will be sold at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday, 27 th inst. The steeplechaser Mars, whom Grifiin sold at Williamstowii, has joined Chifney's stable. Tho South Australian Jockey Club Sires' Pro duce Stakes has been reduced to tho following' nino :— Tlio Teacher, Harriett, Encore, Antonio, Remus, Tho Treasurer, Islander, Ncreus and Juanna. Mr. W. Cooper bought a well bred youngstc' when ho purchased Goldsbrough's promising sou Cairo, who ran well at the lato A. J.O. meeting. Cairo is by Firoworks's cclobratefi son from Thirza, by Yattendon— Remnant, b>' Young Ou5tavus— Mirror, by Sir Hercules. , Complaints having been mado of bookmakers at the lato A.J.C. Meeting having violated tha law against cash betting, it was officially an nounccd on tho course that any bookmaker GO offending would liavo his iiconco canccllod ant be liable to expulsion. Tho Bairasdalo Racing Club liavo determined to hold a mooting on Separation day. It is proposed to hold a race ball at Wagga Wagga on the evening of tho second dny'i racing, and arrangements aro being mado fot tho morning train from Alhury to start an hou» and a half earlier than usual_on tho 22nd.an 3rd inst., for tho convenionco of Victorian Visitors. ; Mr. W. S. Cox has found it necessary to post pone the meeting which was to have been held this afternoon at Moonee Valley, the heavy and continuous rain during tho week having so in undated the course as to render the going un safe. Tho meeting will take place on Tuesday pert, when it would not surprise me to see tho TVial Stakes go to Carbuncle, the Auction Race to Little King, the April Handi . ap to Surprise, the Steeplechase to Tandsticker, the Selling Race to Bolivar, and the Vineyard Handicap to Delamia. The programme of tho meeting to be held at Elsternwick Park on tho 8th May appears in The Leader to-day. The chief item 011 the card will be the Coronet Cup, value 100 sovs., pre sented by Mr. D. M. Robertson and 100 sovs. added, the distance being a mile and a furloDg Bud a half. The Adelaide Hnndicap is probably gained in compliment to tho S.A.J.C. and tho "visitors expected from South Australia next month. The programme contains seven events in all, including a Selling Trot for maidens, and a 2 min. 50 sec. class Trot of 2 miles. With fine weather, Mr. Haydon may expect to follow up his recent success on Easter Saturday. » At a recent meeting of the Bairnsdale Racing Club it was decided to hold a winter meeting on the 1st July. Tho programme will contain a Hurdle Race, 2 miles ; Flutter Handicap, 1 miles ; Steeplechase, 2 miles ; Maiden Plate, 1 mile. ' Owners are reminded that general entries for the S.A.J.C. Cup meeting will be received at the Y.R.C. office up to four p.m. on Tuesday next, the 21st inst. The promoters of Elsternwick Park have un wittingly fixed upon the same date for holding their June fixture as that selected by the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club. Tho 27th Juno was claimed by theV.A.T.C. six months ago, and thiB fact only requires to be known to cause an alteration in date on the part of the Elstern wick executive. It has been erroneously stated that the new Steeplechase course at Caulfield will be utilised next Saturday. In order that owners of Jumpers may not bo misled, Mr. Bond wishes me to notify that next Saturday's steeplechase will be run over the old course. The new track has been completed, but the ground will not be sufficiently sound to gallop over until the June meeting. The Bacchus Marsh races have been post poned until "Wednesday next, in consequence of the continuance of the rain. Our Wagga correspondent telegraphs that the following scratchings have beeu made In connection with the Murrumbidgco Turf Club's autumn meeting: — C. J. Roberts's horses, and J. Cook's Rainbow. Friday next is the date of general entry. Oar Warmambool correspondent telegraphs that the Warrnambool Racing Club has decided to impose a fee of £2 2s. on every bookmaker plying his vocation at the forthcoming meeting. None but bookmakers licensed by tho V. R. C. will bo allowed to betiu tho saddling paddock. 