Cricket Notes. Bt Bat. [Secretaries of cluhs will obliKO by fending reports of mitoheii aud other items of i»torcat addressed to 'Bat,' Tclr3rnj.il Offlco lloporta of Saturdays ruatchea Hhould bo t-ent ia not later tb&n; hal/.p&st; niuo ou Monday raorning.'| I/AST 3n.iur.diiy weok's rain completely stopped all oricket, and consequently left only one afternoon for the completion of ;he various mntohes. The Alberts and Stan leys wero to have mtt in the gardens, ('lllf AQ tVlO fir«at rlun Ttrna l'nfarrnnrnii I-Via™ AiA not apparently think it worth while to bugin their match. The same remarks apply to thn Brisbane v. Oxford rautoh, although I believe in the latter ouse there was eome difficulty in obtaining a wioket. The Albi ins and Unions, however, mot, and decided to play a ono day's match. This resulted in a very decisive defeat for tho Unions, who, I am informed, took thoir d- feat with very bad graeo. The impropriety and, I might add, discourtesy, of suuh action is so apparent that comraont is utmoeosnary. Tho Altionsmado 121 runs, while the Unions only totalled 79. The fnmucos of tho Oxford O. C, ure not at preEent iu a vory fl mrixhing »tnto in conse quonco of the memberH not paying up their su^scriptioub. A council of war was held last Wednesday week upon tho subject, and it w,jb dooided ti bold an cntortaimnent of comu kind at a future date with the view of placing funds in tho treasurer's hand* \ enmmitee of twelve were appointed to miko all necessary arrangements. Tho committee expect a good roll up of crioketers. By tho way, 1 wonder if this is the only club whosr memb'.TH ''forget' to forward their subscriptionH ? While walking up the street tho othi-r day I was inveigled hy the genial Duncan to pur ohase a copy of the ' Cricketers' Guide and. Annual.' . Quite forgetting tho faot that when tbo book wuh first published a copy wuh front for notico, I pnrohtuwl 0110, iind qn'lo'ik ing thrcugh it 1 iind it to be wi-11 utor.ked wiih information — a veritablo mullum in parvn. Tho book may bo purchased for tho envill prioo of Is. 0d,, and every Briubane orio!ut/-r should havo ono, if not ittr tho falio nf tho in formation oontaiped therein, for tho objeot of the book^whiph in edited, by. Mr ,D. Q-., Forbes, lean rocomtnond it to my muder/ an boing very iuttirextiug and full of . information if 1 1 Mho'MiUnK (8.A.)' Crioket Club h-yi intro duced a novelty into tl]B,prun.li»t for tho pre sent Hoaion. What ia onlloiJ a 'hanjlioi»p batting' prizo has boen offered, with, tho ob ject of putting- tho inferior batimen on an equal footing with those who are considered tho host men in the olnb. Tho ohiof ? bateman is plucod at soratoh, to mako as many rune as lie possibly «an of oourse, »nd the others are allowed a cortaiu number of runs for each in niugs, starting at 10 and going as far as 35, this being the limit. If the eoraioh man wins he must make 35 runs more in each innings than the limit man. H. F. Boylo has received nn invitation from certain eupportora of oricket in Deniliquin to tako a team there towards the end of January. With his customary energy, Mr. Boyle ha9 already set to work to raise an elovon, and a glanco at tho following players who have promised to go' shows that tho rotoran Joli monter will be capitally supported : —Messrs. Boylo, Blackham, W. H. Cooper, Palmer, Trapp, H. J. Soott, Munro, and Houston. Should these, with throe or four other good men go, the Deniliquin fellowj will have an opportunity of witnessing really first-class orioket, provided good wiokets be obtainable in that town. A writer in the limes of India gives the following amusing illustration of the spread of tho English language in our Eastern Em pire: — 'A short time back Mr. Bright de livered a speeoh wolooming the Marquis of Bipon back to England, and dwelling on all tho advantages whioh the rule of his lordnhip had procured for this country. Among othor things Mr. Bright said he was glad to learn that our noble English language — the languug* of Milton — was becoming better known in India, and was spreading to the masses of the people, or words to that offect. The other day, happening to be walking by the barraoks, I received a striking proof of the correctness of Mr. Bright's assertion. Three very small native boys were having an improvised game of oricket. The wioket was represented by a piece of board resting agaiutt a large stone, the bat was a splint from some old box, and the ball was old and angular. The day was hot, and the three little cricketers had dispensed with orioketing costume. In faot, they had nothing on but the shiny brown skin with which kind Mother Nature had endowed them at their birth. But thoy played the game with the utmost earnest ness and vigour, as they bad often seen the soldiers doing outeide the barraoks. 'Pla-a-a-y!' shouted the bowler, as he de livered the ball from a distance of abont five yards. 'H'out,' exclaimed- the -wiokot-keoper joyfully, as the board tumbled down 'D — m !' said the youthful batter, energetically, as be gave up the bat and took up the bull. Truly, I thought, as I watched this sceue, Mr. Bright is quite right, and the knowledge of our noble English language, the languajjo of Milton, is decidedly filtering down to- the maebos of the people.' In my notes a week or two- ago it was men tioned that Pearoe had soored 116 runs while playing against tho Zingari second eleven. From a recent Rookhampton paper I now learn that a sUver medal, manufactured by MeaBrs. Saber Bros., has been presented1 to W. Pearce, of the Albert CO., by Mr. H. W. BUien, as a pleasing memento of his fine score. The medal is in the form of a star, and on the circular ground in the centre is on graved a number of orioketing implements. Mr. Pearoe leaves shortly for Cooktown, and it will be hard to fill bis place in the orioketing field. While playing against the Stanley O.C. (a Bookhampton club) Pearoe made 64-, the merit of whioh was marred, however, by-two chances. I have been informed on very good authority that the match between the Blaokalls and the second Albions was not conducted iu the most gentlemanly fashion, to put it mildly. A dis pute occurred between the opposihg.teamB, and an onlooker says that the looal team- indulged in language of the worst description and alto-. Rether behaved in a disgraceful manner. The Junior Association should look into this. By rule XI of the Junior Association they have the power to take action, and it is to be hoped some inquiries will be made into tho matter. The following are the senior fixtures for next and following Saturdays :— Oxfords v. UnionB, Union Ground ; Alberts v. Brisbanes, Queen's Park ; and Stanleys v. Albions, Albion Ground. Writing about the forthcoming intercolonial match between Now South Wales and Victoria ' Censor,' in the Sydney Mail nays : — 'If the good judges of the game in Sydney were asked to give an opinion as to tho chances of our men in the forthcoming contest five out of six would say that oar men had not ' tho ghost of a show.' Some go an far an t o say that if the'Victoriana win the toss and go in first oiir bowleri will not got rid of them under three dayB, and that the match will last a week. On paper the odds look greatly in favour of the Viotorians, who have the three best bowlers in the world and the best wicket-keeper in the oolonies on their tide. Compare any three bowlors we have with Palmer, Spofforth, and Bruce, and Burton with Blackham. Where the Viotorians are paiticularly strong — namely, in the bowling and wioket- keeping— we are lamen tably weak. A glanoe at the following names, from whioh the final selection will be made, will disoloss our weakness in the bowling de partment: — O. Bannerman, Burton, Davis, Evans, Ferris, Garrett, HiddilBtone, Jonee, Marr, Matter, M'Donnell, D. Ogilvy, Turner,. Murdoob, and Bonnor Uai^ett is out of all form, and but for his batting would not find a place iu the final eleven; moreover, they know his bowling well at Melbourne. In the last match one wioket cost him 122 runs. Marr has also gone off, and nil of those who havo before bowled on the M.O.O. Ground Jones, in my opinion, is likely to be the most dangerous, for he sends down- an ugly one occasionally, and varies h-s pace with judg ment. Evans will keep down the runs, but bis deliveries are too well known by the prin oipal Victorians to be feared Nevertheless, he trill stick to bis work like s Trojan, and will bag a wicket or two by his pertinacious atlaok; Turner is the best of tnetriedolub bowlers we have, and, being new to tho Vic torians, he will bo difficult; but he cannot be ranked with the illustrious Victorian trio. Young Ferris is a neat bowler, and' may puzzle many for a few overs, bnt the fine^ hard, true trurfwill rob him of all his break, and ho will then have to exercise hie judgment, of which quality I think he has a fair stock. Ugilvy is a really good mrtn, and I know of none of the new ones more likely to come off. He is- very dodgy, and has that confidence ia his own powers that commands buccosS in a big engagement. Hid dilstone is another good and useful ohange, who U not often enough tried in a big matob, and, with his batting und splendid fielding. I would fiV.d him a place in tho ckven ; for, without plenty of good changes, our men will be hampored if the weather U fine. If we have not quality let us hnve quantity, and in thut rests our only hope of sucAess. Moreover, in supporting these numerous ohanges good finld ing, especially on tho Melbourne ori'Otut Kround, is a sins qua non A good field is always certain of wiving &u; runs in a protracted match, whereas a good batnmun who is a bad. field is a noiitivoloss to hneidoif ho fiilfl to snore With tho team tele ted on its iiiorits, thore should bo nt lenst eight olmngos 'f bowl ing. AU of thorn will have umplo cm[-'oymant on those hard and Hjnootu wickets ut Mol bourne. Tna BniaiiTO-j Bioaut Cask. — At. tho Central Criminal Court, on Ootibor 1!) James Malcolm, othurwij. Mind maid. Burrcmlo ed to tvko his trial for f el\miounly marrying tfia* Dash, ho being a'wudy married. Tiio case, it will be remembered, wn» triod nt 'h« l«ri- H-asions, but tho jury emild not ugrcn Mr Poland now openfd iho casa j'or the prosecution, und caLed (diru Danh, who repeated thu ovideiioD previously givon, and omphaticiilly nwrtud thai tli« liriwut -r wu» the man to whom, hIio wan married Othor v.it neasoi gave ? vlii'tieo tending, to :i\a vtify the prisoner an the mau who marred Minn ?-a-h. At tho oIosb of the day's proo Kviingn ono of thu gentlemen who hud offend liimxuit at bail rsfaneil to. renew hin ? recogniwmuosv »\& tho prisoner therefore rom«tuiediu oustiiily mj. . iLLuv it. It U.it uvery piiMilo. It ), .a ,,v,.r» ntohra. it oVMuod tho Gold: M«4n\ of «W Vnff Ztulsnl ExhiWMan It ri«»-tl»- oiii^h tu - -ur , dink for ,6l»Ti«i, »m::», iTH'.o, fish, or ?:»..;? .yi-Mfc.. Jit wkIpjH dlKiwiixiii Kiid taoroa*- b l»«- *-v\w iw- ' rt hiw u pi&OOal; On-«rui.,aiil II.UMl, .itid i«'j ,- .v-.,;. :i uvtirv r JipooUblu ..rrlmnii. Tim FnjMntUm'.vi.' I .?v'oiihu =»??? it 1» '''^nWlltlW ft;/«t:ji.U'- .... 1.V.U U i» ha&p.; It Hl tho vupot-U! fAruir-V-: ? - -i'l -:*^cfe \»3?a»'«.tw v BioWii)5'.y.T.«-V'-'''.''4pi-iei ? u th.ib«3l ystrttid4''lHlilll-AYP/i-/,tjii«'Vl»..HH, t«.id» -r W^tiihKtiia:H'.-H»'k:»t-.iliFAi ???'?? ??«. ???id ?ffcolwulo ')f,Il.,,TV.,TknTlo-T '.I,,;,/;,,. ..i-ui l» ? V 