INTERCOLONIAL. [rnOM OUR OWN COIUtEBFONDlINTS.l NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, May 5. The P.M. Company's steamship City of Sydney, willi tho mails, vid San Francisco, arrived at Auckland eaily this morning, and i'l expected to reach Sydnoy on Satuulay, Tho lion. A, Deakin, who went to the United States as a representativo o£ tho Victorian Water Commission, is a passenger by tho City of Sydney. The pilot steamer Captain Cook ia alilt searching for tho missing boat containing the captain and five of the crew of tho schooner Nightingale, Nothinghas yet been seen of the mon, and thero is scarcely any hope of their being found, i Major-General Scratchley and Colonel Roberts, Acting-Commandant, yesterday pro- ceeded to Botany Bay and selected a site for the erection of a now battery, about half-a-milo from tho Baro Island fortifications. The Government steamers Thotis and Ajat aro to bo omployed in keeping watch over the coast-lino from Wollongong towards Newcastle Th« Full Court to-day granted leave to Mr. M'Elhono to appeal to tho Privy Council against the order of the Supreme Court refusing the plaintiff's application for a new trial in tho libel action M'Elhono v. Evening Nm-s. The mayor of Sydnoy had an intcrvlow with tho Acting Colonial Secretary to- dtiy with referonco to the water supply of Sydney. Mr. Dalley said that Mr. Moriarty, Engineer-in Chief for Harbours and Rivers, had been in- structed to report immediately upon the avail- able resources, and co-operato with the muni- cipal authorities in every way for tho purpose of warding off the impending water famine. The citizens are now on Bhort commons, an intermittent system of supply having been resorted to. Mr. Wright, Minister for Works, was onter tained at a banquot at Corowa to- night. Sailed : Rodondo and Ly-cc-Moou, steamers, for Brisbane, VICTORIA. Melbourne, May 5, The Melbourne Hunt Club meeting iu to ho held on the 2oth May at Fleming- ton. The following entries havo been re- ceived for the Birthday Handicap, 1 mile : \- Doncaster, Bristol, Uncas, Hazard, Ring- master, Stafford, Middlemarch, Sardina1, Gardina, Coning"by, Duration, Kingship, Olivotte, Grace Darling, Vergy, Mentmore, Too Too, Pailleroo, Gipsy's Warning-, 'East Lynno, Alphabet, Elvil, Sandal, Dirk ffatfe raick, King of the Gipsies, Carbuncle, Arsenal, Acolyte, Lucky Hit, Stornaway, Achilles, Footman, Berkley, Distiller, Meteor, Conjec- ture, Topaz, Dunlop, Impulso, Hobart, Plausible, St. Lawrence, The Ghost, Ebony, Carmine, Bohemian, and The Teacher. ft s . His Excellency the Governor was too unwelî > to visit the glassworks at Port Melbourne yes- terday as was arranged. His illness is not, however, of a serious naturo at present. At the Opera House to-day, several gentle- men who rendered valuable assistance in con- nection with the Cootamundra Railway disaster had presentations made to them in the presence of a large gathering. The Commission of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria com- menced its sittings to-day. Amongst the com- munications received was one from tho Secre- tary of State for tho Colonies, assuring thc Presbytcrian Church that her Majesty's Go- vernment wonld not sanction a French occu- pation of the New Hebrides, SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, May 3. The Government have received tho following cablegram from the Agent-General in London, dated Monday:-"Peace seems now to bo assured. Consols aro quoted at 97i." The Anglican Synod opened to-day. The Bishop's pastoral letter dealt with local paro- chial matters, . recommending the election oE 'synodsmon trienhiully .instead of. annually. The address stated that the Bishop had accepted the Northern Territory a3 a depen- dency of the colony on the understanding that the Primate recommends the Genoral Synod ' to arrange the boundaries so as to include the NWthcrn Territory in the diocese.-'---- - At the annual meeting of the Presbytery of Adel'aide, tho mo'uerator, the Rev. Mr. Gordon, referred to the satisfactory progress of theChurch. The Rev. A. Law was elected modorutor for tho ensuing year. TASMANIA. Hobart, May 5. The election of a member of the Legislative Council in the place of the late Dr. Crowther resulted in the return of Mr. W. Crossley by a majority of 8 over Mr. W. F. Bvownell. Mr.' Crossley favours the proposed reciprocity treaty with Victoria, while Mr. Brownell opposed it. Tho Btearacr Arawa, from London, arrived yesterday, having made the quickest possage on record-namely, thirty-live days. A pas- senger, who acted as coolc, developed smallpox on 13th March, and consequently nobody was allowed to land hore. Tho passengers for Hobart and Melbourne havo been carriod on to New Zealand. > Mr. G. C. Westbrook, of the firm of Guesdon and Westbrook, died suddenly on Saturday night. Mr. Westbrook, who was a nativo of tho colony, was well known and deservedly popular. .A mooting of tailors was hold at Launceston, and a resolution to have uniform log-prices was agreed to. NEW ZEALAND. i. Wellington, May 5. -The steamers Wellington and Macgregor came into collision near Auckland, and tho latter sank. The crew and passengers wero saved. ,, The men employed at the largo boot factories in Christchurch have struck work for an in- crease of wages. 'An important meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association was held at their rooms last evening. Thero was a long discussion con- cerning the action of the board in dispensing with the services of the acting-general secre- tary, but eventually their decision was endorsed by an almost>unaniraous vote. The Presbyterian General Assembly re- sumed its sedcrunts at the Crcek-strcct Church, yesterday. The foienoon was occupied with devotions, the afternoon with the considéra- tion, of remits from Presbyteries and sessions, and the cooning with an address from the Rev. J. M. Ross, and the report ¡qf,the-Homo Mission and Church Extension Committee. To-day the genoral business of tho Assembly will bo continued. In the evening a confe- rence on Sunday School work will take place, at which addresses will bo dclivorcd -by the Rev. 0\. Ogg, on " The aim of our Sunday Schools," the Rev. 0. M'CulIoch on "The .Sunday School in relation to the Home," and the Rev. Dr. Hay on " The essentials to success." A telegram has been received by the Under- secretary for Mines from Mr. E. D. Keane, Minj;;- Registrar, Thornborough, under date 4th May, as follows :-Discovery of payable reef outside the Hodgkinson goldfield, about ten miles west from the northern point of Mount Mulligan, has just been reported. There is nothing in this discovery to warrant a rush. Alluvial gold has boen searched for, but none has been found. Have granted a prospective protection area. II a reward claim should bo required an extension of the western boundary of this goldfield would probably meet all requirements. "The Ticket of Leave Man" was produced at the Academy o£ Music last night in the presence of a fair audience. Signs of insuffi- cient rehearsal characterised not a little of tho performance. Mr. G. TV. Collier, as Hawkshaw, the dotectivc, mado his points effectively, but a similar remark will not apply to Miss Collier, who attempted the part of Sam Willoughby. Mr. E, A. Boothman, as Bob Brierly, and Miss Violet Slay, as May Edwards, wero very weak, and Mrs. Willoughby, in the hands of Miss Sheridan, was much too youthful a person, and certainly not very interesting either. Mr. E. Schrcy, as Mellor Moss, -did well for an amateur. Mr. W, Ryan essayed the part of Jim Dalton, The contrast between the per formauce of this popular drama last night with the very completo production witnessed in Brisbane a year ago made itself painfully felt. The drama will be repeated to-night. Frosi information kindly supplied from tho Post Office, we learn that the gunboat Palumah arrived off Woody Island, obtained a pilot, and proceeded South at 11.45 a.m. yesterday. She is therefore due in Brisbane to-day. The Townsville Standard describes tbo Palumah as a vessel of exactly the same class as the Gayundah, with exactly the same tonnage-220 tons-length, breadth, &c.; Sho has at present only one gun on board, which has a Cin. bore, the rest of her armament being at Brisbane. She carries a crew of forty-six men all told. Owing to her small carrying capacity for coal, the voyage out has been necessarily very slow, and on many occasions to husband her fuel it was found necessary to anchor all night. Tho Palumah left Plvmouth on the 3rd January, and after encountering rouc,h weather in the Bay of Bisciy, arrived at Gibraltar on the 12th, staying there aweek to coal and to allow the officers and crew to explore that great for- tress. On the 19th of January the passage waa resumed, Malta being the next port ; some heavy weather was experienced botivcon the two places. The Palumah subsequently touched at Port Said, Aden, Galle, Colombo, and Batavia, arriving at the latter port on the 27th March. Copang was the next port called at, Cooktown was reached on the 24th, and Towns- ville early on the 27th. The Palumah came right up to the anchorage, but on being in- formed as to the wherpabouts of, the coal hulk, returned and took in 40 tons. The voyage out under Captain Richards baa been a most en- joyable one, and no casualty of any kind has occurred to mar the pleasure of the voyage. At the School of Arts Debating Class to-night the following proposition will be discussed : ".That the entiro extinction of the present governing classes in Russia would be advan- tageous to the civilised world." i > Some days ago a horse, saddle, and bridle, and a bottle of Bourko's three star whisky were '"picked up" by tho police in Stonley-, street, South Brisbane, but up till last night no claimant had put in an appearance. The ' police arc most anxious .to deliver Jhc property over to the owner. ; At the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yesterday, before W. H. Day, P.M.,' in the defended cusp of T. Patterson v. Alexander Muir, r-laitn £8 14s. 10d., for work and labour done, Mr. Smith appeared for theplaintifE, and Mr. Appel for the defendant. A verdict was , given for tho defendant, without costs. In the defended case of Alexander Muir v. T. Patter- son, claim £7 14s. 103 , balance of money due, Mr. Smith appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Appel for tho defendant, for whom a verdict was given, without cost«. The defendant paid 4a. into court. In tho defended case of J. Hal- ligan and J. Jackson v. A. Nixon, claim £10, balance of money due on work done, Sir. Fee«! appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Ruthning for the defendant A verdict was given for the defendant, together with £2 2«. professional costs, lúa. witnesses' expenses, and (is. coats of court. Bektjiaji s Conx avd Bunion Plartkhs " 1 the best remedy yet dipcovered. It immediately relioica all pain mid throbbing, and Huon cures the worst corns und hurlions. It also wondei fully reduces enlarged great too ioiuts. Thousands have been cured by it after having ti I<-d cvei-v othor remedy iii v«iii. Boxes Is. Hil., of nil Chemists. Makora Til Bcctham Se Son."Chemlsts, Cheltenham, Kngland. A cunts for Brlsbune Elliott Uros & Co.-lAnvT.l TllEitn is positively no moto -wholesome m-ro freshing beverage than Cadbury'B Cocoa Kssonco which li the product of the finest nibs from which tho CXCCB3 of fatty mutter has been extracted. It is largely recommended by tbo medical pro feaaion, und ita unrivalled suecoss baa produced many imiutions, whieli aro often pushed for the sake of extra profit. Be suro you get Cadbury'» Cocoa when you ask for it.- «Auvt,] 