vfSpc^SNaiidj Pastimes. _. '.. ;:: ' ?'h.'p^MVEaix.y''' i ._ TowNBViiiria. raoos; appear to havo beenj a Buocesa,' but, as usual in' these degenerate days, there,wero ono or two inpidenta that tondedjto somowhat mar the proceedings. Tho Cluden Park.Opurse.was.in good ? condition, and tho arrangements wore well.capie'd out by Mr. W. Aokers, tho secretary. Small fields wero the order of tho day, but still [some of tho races wnrn oln*n find infc.-ronf.ino* Thu TWnirin™ 'Pln+n was the first race on tho card on tho oponing, and, as I anticipated, it proved u good thing, for JXr. Jost's Idle Girl, whilst California was second, nnd Swoet Hawthorn third. Tho Hurdle Race wus somewhat of a1 fi tsco, as such races often are. Osoar, Tarwin; and Soldier' Boy started. The latter refused to jump, and Turwin camo down a cropper, Bovorflly shaking biB rider (Hondilokn). A young fellow ' named Burke caught Tarwin, mounted, and rode after Oscar, but pursuit was hopolesi, and Ouoar won a blood less victoiy. Tho Town»villo Cup was the principal ruco of the day, and five starters turned out for it— namoly PetrOnel, Medusa, Careless, Button, and Nowbolt. Medusa had a slight advantage at tho start, then came Petronol' and Nowbolt, with Careless and Sutton following. At tbo turn Careless wont ahead, Potronol playing a waiting game. At tho second turn ifewbolt oamo up, challenged Careless, and wrested tho load from h'm. Sutton af forwards mnde a rush, passed Medusa,, aud went alongside Newbolt, but afterwards fell back. A grand race homo enBued. On entering tho straight Petronol, who had been oaref oily nurced, mode a great spurt, olosely attended by Medusa, and won by half a longth, 'Careless being third. Time, 3 mine. 49 aeos. Tho rosult fully justified my selection, as . I placed Potronel 1 and MeduBa 2. Jost's pony is a wonderfully good ono, and although ho looks small if well examined ho will bo found to be anything but a small made animal. Ben Bolt once more proved himself by scamper ing away with tho Merchant's Cup, wbUst the District Plate was aeoured by Major. The day's racing wound, up with the Separation Handicap, for which five started. Elsinore, My Love, Wethorondalo, Orestes, and Gold finder. Wetherondale . ran forward for somo distance, but Goldfinder eventually won, beating Wotherondale by a short length, with My Lovo third. If Elsi nore was in form I cannot acoount for the poor show he madeintb's race. The second day's spoit commenced with the Rourke Handi cap, for whioh seven horses faced the starter. Major repeated biB victory of the previous day. Tho Culden Plate proved a regular, sell for baokers, and on paper it looked odds on TVethorondale instead of 5 ' to 4 against. Eoaey and Selector were his only opponents, and'Seleotor won, Kosey being second. No wonder there was an inquiry into tie running. Eoabh, the rider of Eosey, was re primanded, and Muuroo explained that Wetherondalo was very stiff and sore. The horse limped after the race, and the explana tion was accepted. Tho account of thp.raoe says: — ?' Wetherondale, although, whipped at the lost was nowhere.' Now, if Wetheron dale was 'nowhere,' .why on eaith was he whipped at the last, when he had not the ghost of a chanoe f If tho horse was stiff and' sore, I should have thought that Munroe, who is supposed to know his business, would have eased the horse up instead of 'whipping, at the last.' Tho ways of jookeys, as well as ordinaiy mortals, are indeed occasionally wondeiful. The Town Plato produced a goodrace. I certainly thought Jost meant the double jvith Petronel and Tflim nore, and it looks as though he had gone fo-' it. At the first turn Goldfinch took the lead for a moment, Medusa being third. Idle Girl took her jookey on an exoursion amongst the timber at the back of the course. Careless then took the lead, Goldfinoh running between Sutton and Medusa. Sutton increased the pace, and appeared to be a good third. Gold finoh made an effort without, avail, Elsinore leading the bunoh, Sutton making his colours attractive by travelling through tho mob. Euteving the straight, Elsinoro appeared fourth, and.runningup, almost caught Careless. Sutton beat all his horses, and passed Elsinore, but Careless won a length from Sutton, who had little enough to spare from Elsinoro. All the field wero well up. Time : : 2 mins.. 16$ soca. Herod won the Ladies' Bracelet for Mrs. Davidson, Nimrod being second and Soldier Boy three. Ben Bolt beat Qoldfinoh by a shoifc neck for the Pub licans' Purse, but I hear from one who knows and saw tho race that ifwas a much easier win than it looked. Sutton again beat Elsinoro in the Consolation Stakes, so that the running in the Town Plate was pretty oorreot,. and ,Car'e Iobs winning it makes Petronel's performance look. quite brilliant. Tho sottling over the races took place at the Albion Hotel hist Satur day night, when the amount of stakes paid away was £1,379 17s. Mr. Jost took the prin oipal share of tho cake, with £316 to his oredit. There was a large attendance at the Too woomba AmateDr Turf Club races hold on the 14th instant, during the Exhibition week. Seven races were down on the card, commencing with the Hurdle Base, whioh was won some what eaeily by Arqher. Tho Clifford Plate went to Eory O'Moore; with Kildare second, and tho Don third. The Amateur Turf Club Plato produced a' good race, Sailor beating Ace of Hearts by a nepk, with Elastio next. . The Don turned the tables on Eory O'Moore in theT3racelet, whioh ho won by half-a-length from Speoial Train. EesponSe beat Vestal by a neok for the Novel Eaoo. Waterford took the Open Handicap, and EU daro the Consolation Stakes. I hear that ' Tattersalla' are going to give a couple of race meetings this season instead of one. I hope that such is the case. The members, of Tattersalls are good sportsmen as a rule, are not afraid of planking down their monoy. The prize list will probably bo in Advanoe of that for the Q. T. O. Bpring meet ing. Bivalry is benefioial, and there is plenty of soope for both the Q. T. O. and Tatter3alls. Mr. Pbil'ips, the popular landlord of the ' Mot.,' will give a hundred guinea trophy at the M. T. meeting. This is a good example to set, and I hope others will follow it. I have to acknowledge the receipt of Oxen ham's ' Monthly Turf Register' for August. This Uan exceedingly handy little book, and is indispensable to sportsmen. It is one of the best oompilcd reoords of sport that I have seen lately. . , ' 'Augur', writes! — 'Last week I paid a viBit to the Canlfield course, just to pee how the! .improvements were.progressing. The shilling stand to the left of the prinoipal enoloBurelis beingrapidly proceeded with, and so is the addi tion to the grand stand. , The ,newi portion of the steeplechase course is now so well sot that it has beeu determined to run the Grand .National ,upon it next Saturday. Tho fences in front of tho stand consist of a. post- and- rail, paling, and log, the latter a very substan tial obstacle. Mr. Harrio Smith represented tbo stewards, and he and Mr: Martin Loughlin, who also was present, made a few suggestions as to the pneitions of other fences, whioh will probably be agreed to..,, Next year, if Mr. Bond's propoidfibn to carry the courso proper out to the fence is acted upon, the baok strotpb of the V.A.T.C. will be something different 'to what it is now. Among other additions in the grand- stund onolosuro, I notioed a new bar for the convenience of the members of tbo olub, who will doubtless appreojato.thin attention jrm the part of the oommittee. Whilo on the ground I had a ohat with two or three of tho trainers, and thoy seemed to think that '? if some of tho sorub . was out away at the baok portion of the course, they would have better ground to work upon The lato rains have made- the various tracks vory sloppy, but Itm sure Mr. Bond and tho rarigor will do all ;in thoir power to meet tho . . requirements ? of trainers.' ?;? ? '' ',,:,',-?, '. '? ...?' ! TheEngliehsportingwritor, 'Ropier,' Bays:; — 'The lamented death of Captain H. CovoDtry removes one of tho moot brilliant of amateur horsemen. Just twenty years have passodtsinoo ha .won. tho. Grand National on Aloibiqdo in a field of twonty-throe starters.. Tho Buooess was entirely due to tho ridor's admirable judgmont, and the viotory over Hull Court— also brilliantly riddon — sit tho seal on Captain Cpvontry'd fame. Two yoara nfter (wardB ho won tho Grand National Hunt SteepleohnRO'at Bedford on 'Mr. Chaplain's' Emporor III. There woronot a few admirable amatonrs at the time, but nono bettor than Captain' Coventry. It must havo been this oxnmplo that inspired his younger brother, Mr. Arthur Coventry to take to tho: saddle. v- , Cap tain Coventry's red and blue elooyod j'aokot was to the hist occasionally seen on' - the race*' conrso. He always had a few horses in train* ing under Tom' Cannon's charge. PortneUan, tho best .of those he owned ,atf the time of hi«- doath, was' a very 'smart' two year- old last season, but since the speedy. .V-iridis he :ha8(not had anything of exceptional merit. By many, ' B. Covoniry,' as ho was called by his friends, will bo ainoeroly'mbrrnod.' '.' ''' '''* Mr. Gordon' a . sploridid stall ion' Darebin , had. no diffioulty in; winning first prizo and 'cham- pion at tho show this ivi ok! ?'? ' Tho Sydney Cup hero looks wonderfully- woll 'arid, in tho pink of condition. Ho wua a oheap purchase to Mr.'-Gordon, and will bo a useful animal at the Btud. Lord Lisgar took Booond honours'; but ho has not tho musclo and' power' about him that Darebin possesses. Ihe blood horses' Wore - dtoidedly up to form, nnd there was a'1 first class show in this department., ? -? if.iJ-^ ' Augnr' -writes : — ' Australia^ ^to 'be i re presented in the list of nominations 'for the .Eclipse. Stakes of 1Q,OOO sovereigns, ' to be run. at the Saudowa-park.moeting in 1888... *By tho last mail Mr. L..L. Smith forwarded to the propor authoritiea tho entry of his yearling oolt by Liberator from i'riices« of Prussia. In appearance this is a vory pr raising youngster,, aud on the soore of breeding there is ..nothing to be deBired. Hip sire, Liberator, is by' Irish King from tho imported mare ,Mtpb.le,.'by Monarquo, sire of tho great Frouoh .horse Gladiateur, winnor of the English' , i Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, and St. j^oger. Tho colt's dam, Princess of Prussia, is by.South' Australian from Cora, by Jorsoy from Queen of TrumpB, who rnnB back' to famous old Whizgig, maternal ancestress of a long line of'' equine heroes and heroines, manyot whom havo, during tho past season carried the colours. of their owners to tho front. I need mention, only Coronet, Eingwood, Blink Bonnyjt^nd Tasraan to show what a successful fiimily.it ii. The colt nominated is a fair specimen of the AllfltrilllflTl +.ll (ITAn r»TlT\l«fl^ nnrl. it ~T.«. cVn1i] happen to prove a olinkor, his spirited owner will doubtless send him to England to measure strides with the oraoks of the old country: .The race is to be run at the Sandowh-park Summer meeting of 1888, and tho distance' will be a mile and a quarter.' '. . . ? , ? The mysterious July is /thus referred to, by 'Beacon', in the Otago. Witness;. .'fTho Australian papers to hand report that July, has already loft New Zealand, but in thia they are considerably, in error, as July has ? not,,up, to the time of. writing, departed from these shores. Whether he will take paifc. or not in tbo Melbourne Cup ia, at present, a mystery, for while he has aooepted for the New Zealand Cup, and been, entered for the Goraldineiruoes, ho has also accepted for the Melbourne Cup. As. I happen to knowthat his ultimate destina tion is Queensland, whore he is to be located as a sire after his racing career is. over, I should not be surprised to see him sent to 'Victoria to take part in the approaching' Melbourne Cup ;. still, in the faoo of his being entered for .the Geraldine races, it would not be wise for any ono to baok him for tho blue riband of the Aus tralian turf. The 'commission' said to. have- been executed about him over the other side' may have only been a spcoulative mood on' the part of some one who fancied ho was going over.' : . . : ? ' ,- v- '/. In the Victorian betting market businesshas not been altogether dull during the week For the V.B.O. Derby Newstead still holds the pride of place, but Monte Christo,.Nqrden feldt, Dunlop, Thunderbolt, aud Isonomjr all have thoir friends. TJralla has met -with' con siderable support this week at 10 to 1, nnd for the double, Derby and Cup, has been backed to win a good stake. Hurricane is now an* established favourite for the Caulfield 'Cnp. The ohief transaction in connection with the Melbourne Cup has boen the working of a- commission in favour of the New Zealander, Trenton, who has boon backed to win about £20,000 at 100 to 2 and 100 to 3. Coronet is efcill beat favourite for money, and ' St. Jo,hn has met with more attention, 1,0.00. to '35 having been booked. July is still nibbled at. Rookhampton regatta was a deoided success, and was witnessed by a crowd of spectators. The junior sculls was won oasily hy-'W. Poole, of the Central Queensland Eowing Club. The champion four-oared raoo proved an easy -win for the Maryborough Rowing Club (Alma)— F. W. Barrymore,.:.,H! M'Creadie, D. Bartholomew, D. M'Tnggarfc (stroke), and they spreadeagled all tho' others. The Rookhampton Club won the' junior' fours, and the Maryborough Rowing Club won the sonior pairs. W. Poole won the senior souUb, and the Central Queensland Club the maiden fours. H. Silva, of tho R.R.O., was Bucceas f ul in tho champion sculls. Central Queensland R.C. won tho senior four fours and ihe junior double sculls. . . . ' ' Tho Bioyolo Sports, to be held at: Toowong early next month, are likely to prove a big success. ? ? Several southern ildors of note will enter for the principal contests, and ' there should be some oloso Tacing and fast 'times made. A good programme has been got but, and the committee are Rparing no' effort to' make the affair a success. ' ? ???? The result of the Five Miles Amateur Cham pionship of England has just reached tra, giving' Webber, of tho Veotis B.C., as the winner. In Webber a flyer of :the first rank has oomo to light, and'one upon whom tho cloak of Cortia is expected to fall. Trip porformanooa.- during the season have been ; exceUont; and ifiTone event bo easily disposed, of Illston, who ' was defeated for tho one-mile oham'pioriship by jii6t one foot. For the* five milos Wubberwon his heat with ease, and' in the final he'inatohed against Laing, E. Chambers, ,W. F. Bull, and R. Milthorpo, who, with tho exception., of Milthorpe_ (fastest loser), 'wero heat winners. The positions were Laing inside, 'Webber eunire, unamDora outsiae, ana Jxultnorpo ana. Ball on the second line. Webber went at once to the front, Laing falling in next, Chambers third, Ball fourth and Milthorpa last. Then oamo what, perhaps (says ' Wheeling '), has been the finest display of ' wheeling the Northerners ever saw, and/for tho matter of that, suoh ob has been -bat rarely equalled anywhere. The whole five miles was. a raoe pure and simple from post to tnpo, the men having to do all they know. , Bending over, Webber, with tho pluok of a bulldog, went with the sole idea of getting to. the finish first. Bight through the pace was suoh, and the hist two laps were suoh, that; ttrivngo to say, the starting order was not only main tamed, but the finish wits in like order. '.^ All had quite enough to do to be with Webber yet alone to go to the front.' Entering the last lap Webber was riding at a very -fast pace, and at all points held bia own, eventually coming.in a. winner amidst the wildest enthusiasm of. 10,000 spectators. Laing was' second. four'yardB' behind; Chambers, two yards behind Laing, third, Ball, half-a-dozen yards off, fourth, 'lime, 1 mile, 2 mins. 51 boos,; 2 miles,' fl, mins. 45 1/5 sees; 3 miles, 8 mins. 41 2/6 ieoa.; 4 milot llmins. 3C 4/5 sees.; 5 miles, ii.mins. 22 2/SBeos. ????? ? ?? ?;?;? Things worth knowing.— ' ' . ;'™ That Newstead is reported to bo owned by a- oouple of well-known bookmakers. That Darebin was tho'best horse at .the Brisbane ahow. : - ? hw.:. -v;j ??-'}'! That the judges of. horses gave some erratic* decisions. ^That tho N.S.W. football teamhada' hearty welcome to Queensland. That thoy visited the Aoadomy, and also interviewed ' Widder O'Brien.' ?-, : U ' p That they itoBsed up as to whioh wgJ3tho best show,. as they oould not dooide otherwise. That '.'Arry'. made a dead leetr at 'Masher' Coleman tho other right. : jyi,. That the immortal 'George' flfld.jpre oiptatoly out of the' Hall, : and , was ; not viliblo ? for tho remainder of tho evening. That its not the ' Ecmenyi Rj;o ' that is to ? bo played at the Town Hall to-night. ThatRomonyi the oelobrated violinist has no connection with Wilson Barrett, but is under ? tho wing of Rignold and AlliBOn. That the Bristol has boen orowdod this week. That Bomebody wanted to pass into the olrolo with a tram tiokot, but ' BUlyl'Jidid'not SO' it.' ' ?'??.'??.*? J il That 'Harry,' with' his aconstom'edi'KOodi nature, gave a free entertainment' to'' 'some eminent literati on Saturday night lusti'-J - ? ?' '? That the U.A.O. Is going to put'iulpaling.' fence half round their ground in view' of 'tho forthcoming bioyole oontests. ' : ? n.i.!;!i.i ?That those who want to'eoe without paying hod better keep away this timo; ??? .\iui~f. ? That the drought is playing the ' d-^1 witha tho newly top- dressed orioiot oroaeo- at' Too- wong. ...,?; : ;?;. .,-.,-?.; ij 'Now this,' said the editor, 'as' h'e 'read a, poom beginning, ,', Gome and drink,', J.this i« the most inviting rnanuaoriBt'Iovoriroooived^ ,C!;. /-'--/'. .r-H:x,\ :;,.: iif.,.(iivf v;.:o^v(,x-i. 