MONDAY, OCTOUtll 19. 1SS5. Tho progress of tho estimates through the Assembly lias been delayed for two evenings by tho friends of a warder in tho Lunatic Asylum named Jonx DouciiAKiY. Ko more lively illustra- tion could be afforded of the impro- priety and the danger of dragging every conceivablo institution into the public service than is given by this event. The circuni-tanco that discipline in the asylums is destroyed when appeals to Parliament are possible, is the smallest of the evils. Moro serious consequences are that the tone.of the Legislatura is degraded by these squabbles, and that the public time is disgracefully wasted. Business of importance is either slurred over, or is not called on. It may be, as tlio Dougharty case is nothing like finished with as "yet, that the Tr._ ruanian treaty will have to bo postponed in order thal a dismissed warder may, through his attorney, assail the Lunacy Commission and the Chief Secretary. Tho action of Mr. \V. l'\ WALUXII in mentioning the matter is excusable because the members for Boroondara and East liourko Boroughs are both dependent upon the solid votes cast by tho keepers of our lunatics and our criminals. This also is a reason for decentralisation. No exception can bo taken to Mr. WALKim- tona or manner, nor did he unduly press h¡3 cuso. But Mr. GACN sbx, who has stirred up the strife', ¡g not the member for the district ; lie ii not the political representative of the warders as a body. In ono sense his interference is gratuitous, and in another sense it is more than hinted in the House that it is not. For his position and li is procedure raise a serious isbuo, which has been put into plain words by Mr. Zox. " Is it decent " for the hired advocate of a publio " servant to continue his pleading in " the Legislature ?" There can bo little difference of opinion on the subject. Mr. GAUNsojrappcaredbefore the RoyalCom missionin order topleadfor DoucnARTY. As it is not asserted that he gave his professional services gratuitously, we must presume that lie pocketed fees, in consideration of which hi assumed DOUGIIARTY'S innocence, and undertook to establish it. Consequently ho does not come into the House with an inde- pendent judgment Again, if Mr. GAUNSON is allowed to bring his clients' cases before the Legislature, ho obtains an advantage over other solicitors. Public servants will naturally go to the man who can conduct an appeal in another court, and can possibly obtain some concession by importunity. Other solicitors of the same standing will be encouraged to struggle for scats, recognising that there is money in the matter, and the Assembly will see rivals touting for business within its walls. As two even- ings have been spent in connexion with the affair it would be well, wo would sub- mit, to utilise the discussion by found- ing upon it a rule that no member who has been fee'd by an individual shall eithor speak or vote for that individual in the Legislature. A Government con- tractor is not allowed to sit in Parlia- ment lest he should be influenced, and the purity and independence of the Legislature are still more endangered when members are influenced in par- ticular cases by the interested per- sons. Who is DOUGHARTY 1 it will be asked The man was an attendant in tha asylums, and his conduct came under tho notico of the Boyal Commi~sio_, and was very fully reported upon A patient named M'CAULEY died while undergoing some rough handling by DOUGH utiY, who was "running lum " in," and compelling him to take food Tho cudonco was conflicting whether M'CIULLV was biutally tieatcd 01 whcthei no inoio foi ce was used thin wis necessaiy in bunging in and in feeding an unwilling patient The de- cision of the commissioners was -" \\\ e " entiroly acquit DouciiAKi- of any " malicious intention, and can easily " believe that ho did not foi a moment " apprehcnel that fatal consequences " would follow But from the broad " fact that M'CAOTEY died undei Ina " hands, and from the knowledge that " DOUGHUWY has a bad temper, wo " infer that he did not treit M CVUMY " with that consideration which his " mental und phjsical condition do " mandcd " The commis ion also in vestigated a chargo that ])oucn\riY assault d a patient named "nisi by striking lum on the head, and mulcting a bad scalp wound 1 hoy consideicd this caso pio\cd, and they recommended tli it the m in s services be dispensed with, and the) added their reasons- 'In " all instances piov.d, notlun-r shoit of " instaut dismissal should follow a_ a " punishment foi the ill treatment of " peoplo who aro in the most abject " stale of dct-ncolessncss it is pos»iblo " to imagine 'lo paltei 01 tempousa " with anolFendci when once found out " is only to encouiage a most " despicable and co« utily form of " biutalit) loi making thisîecoinmendation Mr. GAUNSOV falla foul of the commission with fury Dut to show that the commission did not act without reason, Mi Zo\ read to the House the Donghaity rccoid, nuil ftom tins it appeals that m addition to committing mauv breaches of the i ules, the man has beca punished for "insubordination and '. using obscene language," foi " as " baulting an attendant," and for " et " pressing waim appioval of the murder "ol Mr ri>LA\soN, late seuetim for " M and II B. railwajs, and loi at the " same time nsiug ^ ery outrageous lan " guage " Mi L) M DAVII-S, who is a member of the Lunacy Commission, and who has taken an inteiest m the case without fee or îeward, informed the Houso of Ins opinion that DOUGH UITY " is a wtetch quite unfit for emplo\ mont " in thonsjlunis," and without either endoising this opinion 01 dissenting i rom it, ve unhesitatingly say thal the caso is not ono foi Puiliament to touch, but ought to be left to the Lunacy Commission, lho Chief Secretary and tho Public borneo Commissioneis to settle between them 'lhere is an ultimato authouly, aud it is not for Paihament, which has neithei time nor capacity to investigate such cases, to interfere with that authont) While Mr Zov spoKo well and earnestly on behalf of the lio\nl Commis, sion, vindicating Us integrity, and asserting its desire to do justico, thero wis one pait of his conclusion to which objection must be stiongl} tikon. T his was his sucgestiou that tho matter should be settled b> the tiansfer of Douni VIMY to some othci branch of the public service feueh a pioci duio would be %ery weak L\eiy public senant would be cncouiaged to disiegard tho authoi tties empowered to deal w ith his case, and to come beiore the chance and «nsatisfactoiy tnbunnl of Parliament, We might just as well allow litigants, disappointed in the law courts, to hire members to i estate their cises on the ground that tho judges lune been partial 01 stupid, and that they are public ofheers whom Parliament ought to set light Ihe appeal to Parliament is an act of gross insubordination m itself, and when theie is not some strong and apparent justification-some ex posuie which would justify the dismissal of the Minister or the Com- mission-one punishment atleast should lall upon the offender He should be foi e\ci incapacitated from filling » place in the t-ervico again roi our part, we see in this Dougharty case a fiuthei îcnson why the asylums should be taken out of the public sei wee, ana should bo placed in substantial the same position under local committees as are the \ai ions hospitals and bene\olent asjlums of the conntij 'lheie is no îeison why tho attendant at the Kew Asylum and the waid keeper in the Swanston street hospital should oa placed in diflerent positions, and there aro many and urgent reasans why they should occupy the same lie immediate task of the House is, how- ever, to set its face against the piactica of professional membeis re opening their private cases in the Logislatme 'Hie cabio message which we put> hshod lost 'lhuisdaj, giving theopnuo« of the Governor-General of Canada with regard to one aspect of Imperial federation, shows that local difficulties still surround the question-even after the broad principle itself is admitted. Lord LANSDOWN., believes that tho fiscal policy which the Canadian people have adopted is not compatible with the establishment of a customs union I throughout the Erupire,and he favours the maintenance of existing relations, as far as the regulation of trade and cominerco is concerned. At first sight this opinion would seem to refer solely to the pro- tectionist policy of the Dominion. There ¡ne other considerations, however, which probably make the Canadians .uspicious of a fiscal union of the Empire. Lord LANSDOWN... declaration cer- tainly traverses completely one of the leading ideas put forward by the leaders of the Imperial federation movement in England. Freetraders like Mr. BADEN POWELL, and fair tradei'3 like the Earl of DUNRAVEN, declare that the commercial prosperity of tho Empire would best bo safeguarded by establish- ing free commercial intercourse between the mother country and the whole of her colonies and foi eign possessions-one supreme authority, in which the colonies would bn fairly represented, being empowered to make commercial treaties with the rest of the world, and to super- vise trade and commerce generally. As regards commercial treaties, it is urged that moro than one of the latter accords the " most favoured nation " treatment to England only-that is to say, to goods coming from " Her Britannic " MAJESTY'S territories in Europe ;" so that differential duties may still be im- posed by certain foreign countries on Australian wool, West Indian sugar, or other colonial exports, The case of tho United States is also cited, where over an area larger than Europe, free trado has long ruled, and the various States of the Union are prohibited from taxing each other's exchangeable pro- ducts. All this may bo admitted as long as the discussion remains an ac cademical discussion mainly. There is much less difficulty in demonstrating to nil the colonies that commercial prosperity is really based on the fact that in all (ree oxchange both parties gain an advan- tage, than in persuading any one of them to reconsider the fiscal policy which they have adopted of recent years. That the discussion is still an academical one, can hardly bo denied when we find one essayist after another in England and elsewhero protesting that tho colonies ought to have the fullest liberty to regulate " local " affairs," and yet practically ignoring tho local prejudice in favour of protec- tion and the vested interests which havo been created under that system. It has, for instanco, been seriously proposed that the customs revenue of these colonies should be mainly devoted t» defence purposes, and the friends of Imperial federation must regret that such projects aro brought forward at all. It is idle to conceal tho fact that no attempt has yet been made by the brilliant theorists of the Imperial Federation League to deal seriously with the initial difficulty of colonial tariffs. Knglishmen aro no doubt disappointed to find that two successive Governors General of Canada, the Marquis of LANSDOWNE and the Marquis of Lon_>_ -both pronounced "Liberals and free- traders - admit that local interests mid local selfishness stand in the way of Imperial unity, and may not be ignored bj' Imperial statesmen. It was possibly expected that they would both condemn the policy of the Canadians, and point out, asthetrco-trade party in Canada aro constantly doing, that protection is a mistake. Thoy have not dune so, however. English states- men, especially men of a certain exalted rank, seem in theso days to go out of their way to conciliate and to court the very worst section of opinion which is to be found in democratic colonies, possibly from the mistaken idea that the more outlandish and tho moro unenlightened an opinion may be, tho moro likely it is to bo "popular." We have seen a Governor in this colony acting on similar upside-down theories before now. With the Canadian people, however, the question is not solely a question of whether, under Imperial federa- tion, they could still protect their own manufactures against imports of English goods. For some years past theie has been a party in Canada who claimed for the Domiuion the right to make foreign reciprocity or commercial tieatie-i without the intervention of Great Britain; and in April, 18__, this question was hotly debated in tho Legislature at Ottawa. Since the re- vival and brushing up of " nation " nlities" overywhero in recent years, the French element is a growing power in Canadian politics, and one idea very popular with the Quebec party is tho negotiation of an independent com- mercial treaty with France. The matter was moro a sentimental than a practical ono, for the diiect trade between the two countries is not capable of largo expansion. Sir A. GALT made a trip to Paris in 1883 to discuss the matter theie, and the English Government was not unwilling toencouragethe novel iden, although it was leally a surrender ol' ths Imperial treaty-making prerogative. 3'here have been constantnegotiations for a lenewal of the reciprocity treaty with the United States, a commercial tieaty willi Brazil is talked of, and oven with tho West Indian Islands. One of tho favourito notions of protected manu- facturers in Canada, as well as in tho United States, is to " create new " markets for our goods," and of course to subsidise steamship lines to carry the protected goods to the created markets. Cross tiansictions of this soit-ia nutting Bia/üian sugar at a lower dut} than sugar from 1 nerpool, Bra-'tl m lier turn ft\onnng Canadian sewing machines rithei than Birmingham sewing machines-nie supposed by tho ( anadian people to pionuse special ad lantngcs which Imperial fedeiation ind a customs union thinughout the 1 mpiie would interfere with All this time the Canadian colonists are perfectly well awtiethatin these mattera the game is \eij much in their own hands the fact that the Impel iii federation mo\emcnt has started from Fngland, and that it icpre«ents rtthcr a need felt bj statesmen in the mother countrj than a Lolonial need, proves that the colonies can to a eel tam extent, dictato then own terms It 13 shrewdly suspected, whate\er the Canadians may do, that there w ill nevei bean inclination to throw them off, and that no party in Great 1'ntain date advocate the abandonment of the Dominion if it were attacked by ioieign enemies All that would bo got by lederation is thus supposed to bo secured airead) Whj, then, mako sacrifices to bunt; it about Î Such arguments-selfish ones no doubt, but cogent at ' the same time-may have their weight in other places besides Canada, and what is being said and done there confirms the opinion that questions of national unity or federation never have been, and never will be, effectually solved anywhere, except ia tho presence of a serious national danger. The calamity at Caulfield will cast a gloom o\er i ricing season which pro mised to bo one of unusual brillianc) &o; scnoua a catastrophe has not occuned o i iny australian racecourse before, nor his any c\cnt happened in connexion with racing likely to so deep]) impress the public It must bo placed to its credit that racing is not, on tlio whole, a dmaeious sport, stecpleehasing of course being excluded It has been declared m Parhunent that an old man is net or seen serving m a drapoi a shop, and tho un healthiness of tho occupation is alleged as the explanation cf the cucumstanco But the expeneneed joeke) ia to bo found ill about i racecouise, either keeping m hotel or do\ eloped w lueh is most usual, into a trainor Cricketers ha\o been both maimed and killed, the casti ilties of tho football ground are assured!) moro numerous than those of tho race course, and jaehtmg has its full share of \ ictims Pul D Audi* it w ho ridos more laces titan any two men, is piobably as s ife a life for nu msuranec ollice to Uko as any sailor or any marker at a nile range But the vory rareness of a c itastrophe m connexion with the legitimate racing on the flat deepens the sensation mado b) the Caulfield fatality lhere will, of comae, be a searching im e3tigation at tho coroner's inquest on tho bod) of the favounte jockey, NleiioLSON, in ordei that the public un) be assured that all ordmar) piecautions weio taken, and that tho toiriblo smash «as the result of the unforeseen To race such a held w tth safety the couiso must bo le\el as a bowling gieen so far as thesuiface itself isconeeiiied It must bo both smooth and bound, and it is only just to Bay that thoro is no suspicion of a treacherous tiack at Caulfield One of tho tin na has often been described as auscoptiblo of improvement, but it vas not at this point that the accident took place 'Hie piactical questions ire two m number-e,an an) thing bo dono to pre vont tho jocke) s hu"gmg tho rails in ordoi to get tho inside 01 shorter tunning? foi this policj, alw»)s eagerly pursued, bungs the hold into a compact cluster, and then, if one (falls, otheis must follow And is the field that started for the Cup too laige foi a small course with turns ' A large field lias boon staitcd at Caulfield before, for when The Ghost won tho Ladies' Bracelet there were 42 competitors, or one moro than on Saturdtt) , but the accident natu rally raises doubts as to danger Iho Cheater Cup was once the most populai li mdicap in Lnchnd, and such fields as that which raced at Caulfield used to statt foi it, but accidents were so frequent on tho small " tea cup ' course, as it was called, that tho o\ont acquncd a bad namo, tho lielda fell oil, and a race which waa onco nearly as much talked oil as the Derby itself, is now scarcely mentioned Hie experta, we presumo, will bo n«1 ed to gi\o then opinions on such points as those Wo c innot expect any sport to be without nsk, and risk means fatuities on somo occasions, but no body of men and w omen molo desno that nsk should be i educed to its lowest minimum than do the g îy companies who take then hoIïdi)S on tho oecaaion of tmf eontests A telegram from our Loudon correspondent this morning announces the death, at the advanced n"c x>l 82, ot the distinguished general, 1 iclel Marshal Lord btrathnuirn bir llueh llcury Hose » 119 bora in 1803 and entered the linn. 111 lb_0 lie hist came prominently into notice Bhortlj before the Crimean war lord Stratford de lied clilie, the British Ambassador at Con st intmople, bein,; absent. Colonel Kose was acting 113 1/10 ic daffaires at the 'lurkiah capital I'rinco Menschikotf vus endeavouring to bull) the bultnn into compliance with the wishes of the Tmperor Nicholas, and would probably have sue ceeded had not Colonel Hose summoned the admiral 111 command of the Mediterranean fleet to make n limul demonstration at Constantinople III favour of 'lurltej During the Indian Jin Inn, Sir llu.h l.nso, as lie had then become, distinguished him self very grcatlj Ile frequently deiented the rebels, Ins most brilliant exploit being the capture ot Jhansi, which was defended hythe Kullee, who was afterward, killed in an engagement with General Lose Various honours w ere conferred upon the successful coromandel He succeeded Lord C1) de as commmder 111 clnct in India, which position he resigned in lBG"i Ile then took the conimuud of the British forces m Ireland, which he held until 1S70 It was during tins period that the 1 email rising toole place winch was so easily sup pressed In I8I1O Sir Hugh Hose was raised to the peerage as Baron Strathnairn, ol Jh-usi, and in lune lQi7, ho wus made n field marshal The l_IJ.ss Curco, of the Orient line, armed on Saturday morning from London Her datC3 .ire to the 11th ult, nnil the moils were landed 111 TJ da.s ïhe Cu.co was full ol passengers in all classes Amongst (hera were l8 .tomlin Catholic clergjmtn for Mel bourne and bjdnej TheUev rather Stier! dan, of Camden _\ S YV , \ ho has boen awoj on a 12 months tour, returns to Sjdnty bj the Cuzco Mr \\\ 1 Poole, late M I, A. for South Svdnej, who has been to .".rope on a visit, also returns bj the Curco ïhe vessel on this trip is furnished with the electric li.ht lhree deaths occurred on board 1 during tlio vo) agc from natural causes I 'I he second leading of the Licensing Lill will bo moved m the Legislative Council to ' morrow bj Colonel burwood, and there will I e no other important business before that Chamber lor some time In the Legislative Assernblj the second reading of the redorai Council Adopting Bill will be moved bj Mr Service, if Ins \01ce be Btrong 1 nough, nnd it not, by Mr Kerferd. The Premier expect» that the second reading of similar bills will be moved tomorrow in lasmanm, Queens land, uni peihaps South Australia On \\\edne_diy Mr Kerferd will move tho second rending of the Administration of Justice Hill The other Government busi- ness tor the week will bo the further con sideration of the I actones Lill und the I sti 1 mates Hie Speaker of tlio Legislative Assembly issued ii writ on Saturdaj for the election of a member to represent the diBtrict of Vi cat Melbourne in the Legislative Assemblj, in pine ot Mr Oiknei,who recently resigned the date bclore which nominations are to be made ia the iidrd mat, the polling will take place on the »Otli mat, und the writ is returnable on November J. 'lhe lion 1' L Van DerBje, a member of the Legislature of Cape Colony, ia at present on a visit to \ letona, lie called tit the I public ollices on 1 ruin) last, und, in the absence of the Premier, was received b> the Munster of viniculture Mr \an Der live is desirous of obtaining information on the subjects ot water supplv, the agricultural nnd piistoral industries, »ntl diseases in stock, mid Mr Levien has promised that he sliull receiv e all the assistance that tun be afforded bj the department of Agriculture Orderu were passed at a meeting ot the rx»cutivc Council \eaterdaj appointing W 1 orsv tb nnd D W ebster ns engineers of the naval forces, Lieutenant A I! Lucas as adjutant ot the first battalion of A letorian Killes, and Lieutenant 'ihos Holding to the unattached list 'lhe retirement of Surgeon mnjor J Ilobcrtson was nppnved Kille clubs wem established at Carisbrook, Timor, South Gipps Land, Murray Uiver district, Lubeck, Donald, boort, Newljn, Macarthur, Avoci, Bacchus Marsh, Ilulhirat, Aliena 1 ord, and Natimuk 'Hie Public benlee Board will sit nt Wangaratta on V\ ednesduy morning for the hearing ot appeals from othcers at that ulace and Beechworth, benalla, Molonga. Wangunyah, Yarrawonga, and Howlong On the following day the board w ill proceed to Seymour to hear appellants stationed in that town and at Kilmore, Shepparton, Luroa, and Alexandra. Next week the members ot the board will visit the Ballarat and Ararat districts. The Kailway Commissioners will continue during this week their annual tour of in apection over the railvvuj lines of the colony, uccompinied bv the head, of the various branches of the department. Uley have arranged to leave Snencer street Btation to night for Ballaiat Onluesdaj morning thej will to bj special tram to Marlborough, Vvoca, and St Arnaud calling at the various stations en roule Un \\\ edncsday Donald is to be visited, ni.d then the party will return to Mar) borough and (,o on to Castlemaine, returning to Melbourne on Thursday The commissioners have jet to visit the stations on the north eastern and eastern sjstems before completing their annual lnspec tion Ino fifth CaulDeld Cup day of the Victoria .mnteurTurf Club is likely to be reniera bered on account of the unlortunate accidents associated with the chief race of the flaj The belling linee was won bj Scaramouche, and the Second Hurdle lince resulted in a dead heat between Ravensworth and Dura tion, Mista! e being third, onlj ft neck behind The Isur«erj Handicap was won m fine st)le bj Damocles, Trojan being second, uni Manxman 11 third No less than 41 horses caine out for the Cup, the largest held, with one exception, that huí, ever btarfed in Australia Coming down to the turn, at the finish, Too Too, w hile leading, tupped and fell 'I he pace was \erv fast at the time, and the horses immediate!) behind and beside her came tumbling over until no less than 15 were donn Donald .Nicholson, the rider of Lord 1 \eter, was killed instant!), and several others were carried away insensible and b idly injured The race was won by Grace Darling, with Britisher second and Corio lanus third In the steeplechase Ladj Ashton and Studie) raced avvaj from the others at the linish, but Studley made a mis take at the brush fence in the straight and fell, causing Lad) Ashton to swerve, slip, and fall also, and Sailor, who appeared hope lessly beaten, carne along and won easilj lhe last nice, the 'Windsor Handicap was won by Merrimu, with liebua second, and Jocular third His Lxcellency the Governor, Lady Loch, and suite were present during the afternoon, but left lmmediatelj alter the sad event m the Cup, only remaining long enough to inquire as to the condition of the injured jockej a. At no prev tous Australian race meeting has there occurred so deplorable au accident as that which happened in the Caullield Cup on Snturda) lifteeii horses fell, namelj Sanlius, Tom Brown, 'Hie Israelite, Despot, Prince Irnpeual, Impulse, Country Boj, Claptrap, Kingship, 'Jarpcitt, Lucky Hit Winchester, fairocco, 'loo loo, and Uarah Donald Nicholson, the rider of Lord Hxcter, waa hurled from his saddle bj the shock and killed inBtantl), although the horse kept on hislegs Amongst the jockev s vv ho were brought down, Cracknell, M'Onule, M'Grath, M j man, and 'luomei were so bailly injured that they hud to be tiUen to hospitals, u special troin being sent awaj for the purpose Other jockos also sustained fractures of limbs, and were more or less hurt At a late hour lust night those in tbe hospitals were progressing lnsourubh, but it is jet too soon to speak with iny confidence us to their condition the racehorse Uurili was killed, and Surdius, Claptrap, and loo 'loo were injured On Satuiday n dumm} car, fitted wita grip and brakes, was plnced on the Richmond cable trnmwti), and, with two horses hitched to it, i trial was made between the P.ichmond terminus and Swanston street 'lhe con struction of the tramwuj was found to bo satisfactory throughout, the car running smooth!) and without a hitch On the steep inclines at Jolimont and Bridge road the horses were taken out, and tho car wa3 ul lou ed to attain considerable speed, when by the application of the slipper brake alone the vehicle waa brought to u standstill m a length of three or four feet 'lhe wheel brake waa likewise tested, with satisfactory results 1 arl} next week the cables will be laid lu the rope tunnels, and it 13 expected that the line w ill be completed at about the end 01 the week A special meeting of the executive com mittee of the Yictornin Alliance wus held at the oflice ot the osaociation on 1 riday evening A report upon the passing of the Licensing Bill through the Legisla tiveAsBembly was submitted, and the opinion waa unanimous!) expressed that the conces sion made bj the Government in providing that all the funds required for the purpose of compensation should come from the liquor trade itself, was a valuable one, and was the beat avenue of escape from a difhculty which had arisen lhe Parliumentarj sub committee were instructed to watch the pro cress of the measure througn the Legislative Council, with the view of securing necessarj amendments Arrangements were mude for the contest in M est Melbourne, and the whole executive resolved itself into un election com mittee to meet dad} in the intercala of Mr. bimon Traser '1 he meeting then closed We have received from the registrar of the Melbourne Ijniversit} a long printed report of proceedings of tile Professorial Board relative to the publication recent!} of some p irticulars of a meeting of that boam vrhich it dcired to hold in pm lit} Pressure on our Bpace prevents us from dealing with the report ut leu"th to Lav 1 reating the subject of the tendencj to specialise in University teaching, Professor ] litinj-lon spoke as follows nt a meeting of theT.nivcr.itv Union on Saturday eveninj, - ' The "reat drawback to a liberal and com preheusive education is the increasing mo lern demand for specialisation as it is called , and the worst of it is that just in pro portion as the cour.e ol stud) available in a Lnivcrsity is deep und vantd, the more in tensified becomes the demand for carl) and unprepared specialists I am glad to find that tins subject upon which there has been some unwise talk in this countrj, excited attention lost j ear at edinburgh Umiemtj in connexion with the tercentenary celebration ot its foundation On that memorable oc casion Professor Calderwood addressed the assembled thousands in the«e emphatic terms ' Our lot is cast in nn age of specialists and quite a new order 01 dangers besets the path of c lueation on tins account Concentration means narrowing, lhere is no help font, and it were vain to close our ejes to the inevitable consequences -new responsible) is therefore thrown on everj teacher tomaintnna htcrurvand philosophic breadth of interest in accord with the recog niBcd unity 01 all knowledge 1 re long the universities mast adapt themselves to , the new situation, and it will then devolve on them with large appreciation of the es sentíais of a liberal and high education to guard against the risks of more concentrated and narrowed studv Our coming danger is that arming from the separation ot our workers, the intensif)ing ol Bpecial study, and the abatement of broad and cenerous interest in the more general problems of in tellectual life One leading line of defence againit this danger will be a clear and un hesitating recognition within our Univer sities ot a varied and liberalising ' preliminar) training tor all who par ticipate in the higher education lo these words of wisdom I will only add that in 13.0 the Philosophy 1 acultj of Berlin addressed to the Minister of State a strong expression of opinion that the technical training of the Kealschulcn had been found bj actual experience to be inferior in eluca tionnl result to the classical training im parted in the Gymnasium because there was very little niterct taken in anj kind of leam ing that did not hive a practical end lut which merely ministered to the liberal educa tion of the mind Jo this opinion arc attached the pro eminent names of /eller, Heimholt? Curtáis and Mommsen A meeting of tin Victorian Chamber o' Manufacturers will bo held this evening, at which two question» of 6ome interest will be raised Mr _. Steinfeld hua given notice of his intention to move 'I hut representations be made to the Imperial Government to admit Australian wines into the United Kingdom free of doty, and that the I Ion. Mr Sen ice be requested to w nte to the Governments of the other c ilonies asl me them to represent the above policy to the Imperial Government Mr G Godfrey will submit a motion urging I hut the Covernment of \ictona be ap plied to to grant au annual sum of ¿ i00 per annum to tina chamber to enable it to extend ita advantages bj di»seminnting valuable in iormntion affecting the manumcturers of the colony b} lecturea and otherwise. V draufcht entire named Beavcrstock ar rived on baturdo) from London m the 1 US'" Cn co I hw horse his been im ported b} Mr M Stewart of Ascotvale iieaverstocl was a pnzetaker at tbeCupur Horse bhow this )ear caromi, oft thehrst prize m Class \ against 32 competitors V number of zoological specimens for the 4cchmatiaation boaety were brought to Melbourne on ^lturJa) in the steamship Yeoman lrom Calcutta. The) comprised a 1 engal tiger tv o leopards one vrbiti mon! e} und a blue faced inonkev I lie Deutscher \ erein of Y letona after an existence of nearlv 00 jears lina at length complete 1 the erection oi a commodious club house for itsell the site being m Mired place Collins street east lhe premises which aie of Bul stantial lppcnrance arc of three atones. Uhe apartments on the 1 rat iloor include a luncheon room bar and a -spacious and well lighted billiard biiloi ii mid on the second floor a handsome banquet and concert hall readingroom cardrooms I c lhe rooms are convenant!) fitted up md every chort bos been mide to cn sure the comfort oi members 1 he architect was Mr I V H Koch ot Collins street east and the w otk w na carried out by Messrs. Nation Gamlin and N mon The opening of the new building was celebrated on baturd ty evenint b} a banquet to which upwards of 100 gentlemen sat down The chair wus occupied bj the piesilent Mr H M Puttman and among those present were Buron von Miller Mr \\\ A Brahe Imperial German Consul and Mr C A. Piuschof Acting Consul for Austro Hangar) Before the banquet the secretar) (Mr A. Behrend) dehverei an mau^urd ode (1 eatgcdicht) which was received with favour and the presiuent in an eloquent address congra u lated the members upon the achievementoi the erection of a club house for their ex elusive use During the evening a number ot toasts were proposed including those ot lhe Queen the 1 mperorand thecierinan \atcrland and the ' Colon} of \ letona At the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court on Saturdaj the trial ot Charles I Plant on a charge of setting fire to Ina shop was concluded Plant was a jeweller at Prahran, lie had rented a part of a honse in Chapel street from a Mr I Matthews who, with his family lived in the other portion ot the house. Plant had insured his stock for i£-0 It was allege I for the Crown that on the evening ot the 17th August Mr and Mrs Matthews auw Plant take a wa) a portion of the stocl from the shop and short!) after he left a fire broke out in the place which was extinguished before much damage was done. It was also Bald that the value ot the stock left on the premises w as much less than the amount for which the insurance ha 1 been eftecte 1 Tor the defence it was denied that liant had set fire to the place, and his removal of the stock was ex plained b) a Btatement that as he had no safe he took the jewellery to his own resi dence The jury found the prisoner not guilt) and he w us discharged Lar!) in July last a clerk named 1 redcrick Lunj-field, emplojed by Messrs. Kiehard Hughes and Co, shipping u-cuts, London, forced the name of that firm to tw o cheques on the London and County Bank, the first on Jill) 14 for£S), and the other three da)3 later for £45 Ile otained the cash for them and took his passage in tho ship Ivanhoe to this port soon after wards in the name of George Hay thorpe The forgeries were discovered about two months aso, and the Ban! era Association of London despatched Detective 1 luister of the citv of London detective force, bj the lwM.b S Cljde, to this polt, to secure Lang field, and to take lum back to London. This ofheer arrived about three weeks ago, and on Saturday vvhen the Ivanhoe armed in the bay he, in company with Detectives Coleman and Wilson boarded the vessel, and arrested Lanefield, w horn they took to the city watchhouse I he prisoner admitted tbat he was Langfield and that he had com mittcd the offence He will be taken before the Cit) Court this morning At 9 o'clock last night the list of charges to be heard at the City Court this morning showed no less than 75 cases, including 12 adjourned from last week Yery great difh culty was experienced in providing the re quisitc accommodation at the watch house for all the prisoners Reviewing briefly the resulta of the Inter national Telegraph Conference at Berlin, our London correspondent writes -"The cable companies are generally held to have acted m a generous spint, and there is much specu latiou as to the cause. Their representatives, however, keep their own council, nnd only admit that bismarck is at tho bottom of it I If the) did not concede substantial reduc tiona, he threatened to telegraph to Australia. How he succeeded in getting the whip hand of the companies is not clear, but he appears to have done BO most successful!), with the result that Australian Ooverumeuls will in future be able to transmit their messages at Os Id per word, the public at Ss., and the press at 2s Sd 'Hie unilorm tariff which German) proposed, baa been accepted by all the nations of the civilised world Mr Murray braith was contonted w ith having successful!) asserted the right of the colonies toenjo) equal privileges with other delegates lind did not record his vote Messrs. Todd and Cracknell voted m favour of the unilorm tariff, and the representative for Tasmania against it, but he uitcrwarda intimated to Dr Stephan that he had acted undei a mi8 conception It is understood that the con cessions to the colonies will nflcct the Liistern Extension Company to the extent of la. "d , the I astern Companv, Gd , booth Austi alia, 'ild or Id , and India the re minnder Pioposuls respecting the compila- tion of nn ofliciul code b) the Bureau Inter national in Herne, the mode ot counting and charging for words used in code messages, and the reimbursement ot the cost ot menaces Bent for the purposo ot ascertaining whether acode message has been correctl) telegraphed weru diacussed lhe com mission decide 1 that no official code should be drawn up but that the present rule w hicli permits the use of an) word to be found in standard dictionaries ot the eight admitted lunguac.es, with its Itgiti mate inflections, should be ret unod, also that the rule allowing fifteen letters in a code wold for Luropeon messages should be abolished, and the number oi letters reduced to ten, but that, na in extra European code intasados, theworda might be taken out of ali) or allot the eight lunguages insteid of as at present out of one language on!) i 1 urther, that the return oi charges lor reeti fjing eriors in plain or code language m unregistered ruropean messages should no longer be allowed, but that as regarded extra 1 uropean telegrams each state should be at liberty to relund such monc) if it desired to 1 hese decisions, for the most part, maintain the present regulations and in the case ot code mcsugi a allow one b) stem ot code to be used all over the world. Our London correspondent in his Ietter of September 11, mentions that an impression prevailed that German annexations in the Pacific were by no means yet complete, and til it the occupation of the Marshail, Gilbert, and Pellew lsl.nds was expected, even n Prince I lamarck surrendered the Carolines, rather til in impel ii the fncndlj relations he lind BO long maint mud with Sp un It was even stated thal German cruisers had ulreadj been exploring these groups, and had made caretul mapsot them, hut lind not >tt ho.t.tc.1 the German flig "'lins action,' remarks our correspondent, " will be in accordance with the understanding arrived at between Mr .Thurston and Dr. Kraull some months ago, but if England neglects to take posses sion ot the more southerly groups vv Inch it was agreed should be considered as more un mediately under her uilluence, other nations Buffering fiom the earth hunger winch is eo prevalent maj forestall her, and on the prm ciples sanctioned at the Congo Conference she cannot complain It is saul that Prince llismnick's action is tul.cn from a sense ol the vast importance of holding a strong position m the laeiOc in view of the early completion of the Panama Cana! V rival scheme to that of the Colonial College and 1 raining 1 arm Companj, which .proposes to alToi i Inda about to emigrate an opportunity of acquiring theoretical!) and practically, the knowledge ot larming, grazing i.e. likelj to be useful in a colonial career has just been mooted (says our Lon don ««respondent) bj Mr A Burrell an old A ictonan colonist. He proposes to establish in Kensington a college where jouug men about to embrace a colonial hie ma) reeeixo theoretic!! instruction which will facilitate their nut a ion into colonial lite He believes til it such un institution can be ufhliated to thebcienceund \rt Government fcchoils the Kojal Scnool of Mines an 1 theCitj and Guilds ot London Institute for the .avancement of lechniea! Lducatiou at bouth Kennington 1 tom fliese sources students would be able to obtain tue highest scientific and practical technological instruct on Ihe idea of giving practical instruction in agriculture and the allied irts as is done ni the a.nculluril colleges at Cirencester and Downton, and as is proposed at the Colonial College at Halles lej Baj bußoll, lus been abandoned both from considerations of expense, und because a knowled|.e olLnglish and Scutch farming is often unsuitcd to the circumstances prevail m" in the colonies. It is therefore thought better to mere!) afford students an oppor tumtj of aequaintm-i themselves with the scientific principles which underlie the prac tice of most colonial pursuit, 'the pnn upai subjects lor lectures and class instruction will embrace the his .rj, I (.eographj and ethnologj, the constitu tion and government products, indus tries trade md commerce, of the xurioua colonies and dependencies It is proposed to receive two classes of pupils- seniors, who, being deBirous of emigrating at once, would bo content with one j ear s general instruc tion and juniors who would tale the full curriculum of two or three )ears and who would therefore be qualified to compete for the scholarships winch it is hoped the colonial Governments and rich residents will oller M ith regard to i bhockmg accident which was briefly mentioned in a cable message as huv nig occurred on a gangvvu) leading to the Orient,!! M S Liguria, while that vessel was in the Albert Docks, our London correspon dent writes -"The Liguria was in tue dry dock for repairs, and some lbO hands were employed upon lier in addition to the crew At muida) on September 3, when the bell rang to cease work, there vuis a ruali for tho brow, or gunc,wny, w Inch connected the ship vv ith the edge of the dock It broke in tho centre, precipi tuting eomo 23 hands into the dock, n dis tunee variously estimated at from '10; t. to bOft Two were killed, several dangerous!) hurt, and all more or less injured lhe brow was apparentl) constructed of sound timber, strengthened with iron plates No indica tiona of weakness have been discovered, and it is surmiaed that it gave wa) owing to the simultaneous rush ot u lar¿c number of men who, treading together at the same time and place, bice a regiment on the march, subjected the brow to an unfair strain, which it could not stand The coroner's jur) re- turned a verdict of accidental death, thus acquitting the dock authorities of blame " ' We take the following news from our London correspondents letter of September 11 -lhe Cobden Club aro about to is3ue a pamphlet, written by Mr C S Salmon, formerly president of St Nevis m order to call attention to the fiscal BJ stem of the Crown colonies of the Empire. He expresses dissatisfaction with all these colonies ex cepting Hong Kong and the Straits bettie menta. A grotesque form of hero worship has uflhctcd the inhabitants ot St Louis, ni the Lmted States, iheyseem actually proud of the man Maxwell, who was recently ar- rested in Auckland charged vv ith the diuboli cal murder of his friend Preller lie held a "reception ' rccentl) at the office of the Chief of Police, when the most prominent citizens, politicians, ¿Le , of the town eagerly Hocked to see him and obtain an introduction The local photographers lind that thcte is a better sale for bia portrait than tor those of the professional beauties ot the hour lhe Union Steamship Compan) of ¡New Zea land's new steamer, the Mararoa, started on her tup to jNorwii) on the 8th mst, and arrived at Sognd d to da), after a most auc cessfu! trip lhe guests of the company are delighted with her sailing capabilities and describe her as a splendid boat lhe) are expected back at Helensburgh on the 18th CaptainlLW >. Guinness, of the Ro)ul Irish Regiment, asonof the lateincumbent of Christ Cnurch, South "larra, Melbourne, has just obtained his raajont) His old acquaintances in Melbourne ma) be glad to hear that he has obtained this Btep so quickly It may bo remembered that the regiment to which he belongs won Lord W olseley s prize for the swiftest passage up the Nile in the recent campaign in the Soudan Shaw a Australian team are now pla ung a strong I nglish eleven at Harrogate bliawa team bud preuoualy taken part in no contest Binco their return, excepting m a match agunat I ord Shefueld s eleven m Ma) Shrewsbury and Briggä being unable to play, their places were ulled b) W Challerton and Mr Martin Rilpj Shaw a eleven scored lob runs in their first innings bil) ctr, Scotton, nnd Barnes commenced ex- cellent!}, scoring ab between them but the last seven wickets fell for only 50 chiell) owing to Emmetts admirable bowling Mr Y\ G Grace pla) ed a brilliant innings for 51, tho total score oi the Publish eleven omounting to 17 J A lughli important astronomical discoverj, namelj, that of an apparently new planet, is the subject of ti great deal of comment in some ot the London papers received by the last mai! The Dailii ¡eley) ipli waxes quite grandiloquent in writing ot it, remark ing that "a new star has been bom, a star of tlie eighth magnitude, and bom, too, in the purple. 1 or its mother 13 Andromeda, 'the beautiful Queen of the Nebulie ' Astro nomers have all along delighted m this great stur cloud, Bpol en of it rapturouslj, and ex pected therefrom greut things îvor have thej been disappointed, for a few nights rgo these pitient watchers ot the midnight akv, searching the firmament with their telescopes, saw the illustrious Btran-ei sudden!) glitter ing in its place ' The Daily Acm points that there are those w ho have been confidentl) expecting a re nppeuriuce of the Star of Bethlehem and that some of them fixed it for about the time of this discovery, but that the new planet " has shone lorth. where cer tuinlj no new star was expected ' JhcJtn>',% lu a matter of fact account of the revelation, BOJ s -"On Wednesday last (September 2) intelligence of a discover) worth) of note was recen ed from the observ atorj ot Dorpat, nnd doubtless most of the large telescopes of the world have since been emplojed to ascertain whether Herr Hartwig wua correct m an uouneing n variation in the well known Androuiein nebula This nebula was first discovered bj Simon Manus, in 101J, who likened it to the flame of a candle shining through horn According to Sir VI Herschel it is one ot the neurcst of all the (,reat nebulo, the most luminous portion ap proaching a nebula resolvable into stars bir John Herschel, writing in 1S2G, says it has not a star indeed in the centre Observers of later j ears have paul much attention to this object, and although the magnificent mstru mentí of modem times have revelled more delicate details than the imoerfect instrument in the possession of Manus, the), like lum, were unable to lind a stellar nucleus Herr Hartwig announces that he has discovered a sturlikc nucleus, and already the observers at Brusseli confirm the discover), and state that the appearance has changed within the hist month Sir William Herschel interred, lrom the fact thatsome nebuloîcould not be re solved into.tarseven with his povverlul instrn melita, that there wgre mail) composed of the primieval cosmic matter ot the universe The varied forms assumed bj nebul. in- duced Laplace to trace the origin of the whole nvatera to nebulous mnttcr, and this despite the fact that no decided change had been noted in anj particular nebula. His idea of the change he illustrated by referring to the trees in a forest, which show no change during n single glance, but show plants in different stages related to each other in order ot time, to trace out which m a single in- stance the life of man or the duration of n solar Hjstim would be reouired In La place s theory the sun w as surrounded by an immense n»bu!ous envelope or atmosphere rotating with it, which extended bejond the farthest member o£ our system 1 rom this envelope several rings of nebulous matter were thrown otl, and these rings finally broke up info globular masses, thus forming the planeta It is considered by Captain Abney that the theorv of evolution of suna and svstems from nebulous matter has received strong support irom spec'roscopie- observa tions. Doubtless the discovery of Herr Hartwig v di prove a stimulus to observers possessing large instrument'", and lead ton carefnl w atch tor uii) similar manges which will nid in the solution, or rather the accep tation, of the nebular tlieon ' Recent stitistics, remarks the ¿f Jimci (Ja elie, demonstrate that 1 ngland has Gr< square miles of colon) to the square mile ot | her ow n area , Holland, 54 Portugal, 20, Denmark, OJO, Irance, 1^0, and Spain, 0 st» square miles The area of the British colonies is nearly S 000 000 Bquare miles rath»r le«s than the urea oi the Russian I'm pire, including Siberia and Central Asia. But if the area of the native feudutor) states in India, amounting to W 284 square miles, bo added, over which Lngland exercises as great control as Russia does over much ot the terntor) under its swn), together with that of the Lnited Kingdom itself, 1J0,757 square miles, then the arel ot the British 1 m pire exceeds that of the Russian Enipne bj ibout 200,000 square miles, and it covers within a fraction of one sixth of the whole i land area of the Rlobe An entertainment, consisting of wrestling, feats of strength, assaults at nrms, fencing, and dancing, »as held m the Victoria hall on Saturday night for the benefit of Mr Wa Miller It had been announced that Clarence Whistler, vv ho recently defeated Miller in a contest for the championship ot the world in the Graco Roman st)le of wrestling, would appcarinfriendl} matches with the béiityciaire as well as Donald Binnie, the champion in the Scotch sJj le, but the spectators were in lorraed that M histler could not possibl) be present on account of asevere illness from w tuen he was suffering Mr Charles Amadeo and tvv o of Ins pupils gav e exhibitions m foil fencing and sword versus bajonet fighting Mr '1 umbali, un amateur heuv) weight Inter, exercised w ith a dumb bell weighing láOlb anil one of 62lb woi"btsunnltaueoual) lhe programme concluded with n wrestling match between Donald Dmnie and Miller lhe st)les chosen were the Scotch and Gr eco Roman 1 he fall in the Scotch Bt) le was won by Dmnie, and that of the Graco Roman b} Miller 'Hie theatre Ko)al was again crowded on Saturday night, und "btruck Oil ' and " Hie Chinese Question ' were repeated with the usual success. Ko chango of programme is announced At Her Majesty's Opera house, on Satur- day night, the Irish drama " Peep o' Day " waa revived, with Miss It. Watts-Phillips as Kath- leen, Miss M. Tracey as the Widow K.iv anagh. Miss L. Harwood ns May Grace, Miss Flora Anstead as Molshee, Mr. T. B. Appleby as Barney, Mr. B Darley as Harry Kavanagh, Mr. W. G. Carej as 1 ntber O'Cleaiy, and Mr. Stirling Whjte as btepheu Purcell. The company also comprised Mr. J. P. Cath- cart, Mr. Isaacson, and Mr. J. Tolano. The diama was performed wita great spirit, and the representation gave satisfaction to a very large audience. It wns excellently staged. " The Lights o' London " w ill shortly be pro- duced at this theatre. " Mixed '.' w as plaj ed at the Nugget Theatre on batnrdaj night by the same company which has had a successful season lately at the Bijou Theatre. Special preparations had been made both as to the stage and in the audi- torium in the way ot renovation and re decora- tion for the production of the comedy. As the eccentric Bosco Blithers, Mr. Philip Daj showed that the chango of scene had had, if anj thing, rather a stimulating effect on Ins appreciation of the part, and Mr. J. L. Hall, Mr J. li. Greville, and tue other membera of the company rendered their characters as usual. The comedy will be re peated until further notice. The Rickards Leeto combination, at St George's lull, submitted a new programme on Saturdaj night. It is entitled " bpoons " As in "Brie a-Brac," there is a thread ot plot running through the selection lu this case, an old gentleman has left a will by which the heira and heiresses are prohibited from love making, and the prohibition is, ot course, outrageously violated The various mem- bers of the combination appeared and showed their diversified capabilities m new directions Miss Nell) Wilson sang some fresh songs and repeuted her clever dances, but to a different tune. Miss Kate Lccte, Miss Ada Juneen, and M las Daisy Simpson also showed that thej by no means exhausted their rcnci/oire* ni the first prograinne. As to Mr. Rickards, his magazine of songs and comicalities is well known to be practi- cally inexhaustible. Gil baturdaj night he appeared as, unionist othet characters, a sailor, a costcrmonger, and "a swell of the period," and throughout he gave satisfaction to the audience. Mr. Phillips, Mr. If. Cremar, and Mr. ii Auotin, also made ample contri butions to the programme. The company lins now entered upon its lust week but one in Melbourne. M e have been requested to state thnt the concluding lecture of the Health Society s current Melbourne series which vvtis to have been given tina evening, lins been postponed until Monda) next on account of an injury to one of his hands suatnlned bv Dr i^printtborpe, who is to deliver this lecture. Mr t! D Carters election committee is advertí ed to meet to du) at noon in the central committee rooms, 20 Collins street west lhe St Jude s Church annual tea meeting and concert is uhertised to tuke pince this evening in the oideil) room, Grattun street, Carlton. At tho monthly meeting of the Victorian Tonic Sol la Association held at the School of Music on Saturdii) evening, Mr S Lambie delivered the third ot aseries ot lectures on the "Histor) ot Music in which ho traced the development of music x1 art in the form of passion pla) s and oratorio, trom its origin down to the present time A vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer at the conclusion of the let ture Hie following is the rcpoitof the Y ictori m Tye and 1 ar Hospital tor the week endin" October 17 - In patii nts admitted, 11, dis churre 1 10 remaining in house, 40 Out patienta-Mules, 110, females 108, new cuses, 3b total 281) Hie following is the return of the number ot cases relieved weeli} by tho com mittee of th< Melbourne Ladies Bene volent Society for the fortnight end nil, October 1 ! -1 nmihes fiS (numbering 1 10.1 individuals!, comprising widows lib Bick und lnhrni, 117 deserte 1 wives, 10 , wives whose husbinds ure in prison, i, wives whose husb mils ure absent, 7 wives whose husbands are partially cm ploeil 12 do unemployed, 9, aged couples .( lhe outluv during the lortnieht in relief ot cases w na tl41 Ja 21 Contributions are lhankfull} received and information given b) the bon treasurer, Mrs Dunn, 17 theAvenue, YYmdsor b} the secretar}, 1 Jackson street, st Ki da or 1» the collector, Mr M YYright Chiton lodge, M Kean street, North 1 it/ro) Messrs. Beauchamp Brothers kindl) receive parn Is ot clothing \e , at their otiicc, 14 Collins street west, for the «ocieti 