'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' A ir.iuibitnd Cabinet. '. Srai:-c-y v.ants its I'»arling. ] The Afghans lost 900 men. ! fcisinaicl: urged to mediate. . We are to have a truant school. j A tragic fight with bushrangers. | Indinnp starting a patriotic fund. I Both coiiiitiies still actively aiininar. | j-jow lciig win me Li.u.ni. stand ic : Lock out for those Russian cnusnrs. ftiiiitsry-road to be improved — when? Ct-t all jour olel shooting irons ready. j 1 rs-li on that Military-road, Mr. Colo-*. ' To be forearmed is to be forewarned.' Fnglish papers say 'Ciear out or tight.' Canada will have her hands full at ho::ie. Sir Peter Lumsden is to say who is lying. Kow is the time to show your patriotism. Cf me down off the rail. Chftffey and Ben. Cavalry not to be withdrawn from Egypt. One hundred Wallaroo miners out of work. Keep your eye skinned for the white light. Plc-nty of work for the unemployed shortly. Put all the unempleiyed on to defence works. The rif-0 in the price of wheat is maintained. The Lord Mayor of London died on the 12th. Robe to have a mounted military troop of fifty. The im-presnible McLaren going to oppose Baker. Of course, the Afghans forced the Bear to growl. The rebels in Canada have massacivd so-.iie vl'iiit-s. rJl;e Czar hopes ni-gotiiitions will not be s!(-n-«l. It wasn't all bp.f-r and s-kittles for Chaffey at Tsr.ivrrcd. Kr.pr.iid:) believes i:i Mr. James Marti i and pvf'te-ctioi:. Are we bf-ing uninformed into a txlae stii-uvily V Will' tbe I'cct'.ral Bill shortly be the law of the lar,«.l ? Piepaie to gtt out your crape and bury the Ministiy. 1 hat'sa chai.icterisi.ic explanation by General K-.rnarrff. Mi*K Genevieve Ward in ' Forget-Me-Xot ' ov. Monday. One hour and fifty minutes by speci '.1 fr.m StratLalbyn. P.ussian licet in the Mediterranean ordered to the BaHic. No details of the revised tariff forthcoming. Is it ready ? Tlio Kfsitliern Territory people do not desire a sepaiation. Kiiglaud will have the best of this row in theli.ng iim. A SeiraiJiore ladv wants a ladies' volunteer emps ff-iinpd. it took £l;300 to restore a dour in West lniriS'tor Al-hf y. That explanation of General Kmnaroff's is nil her t-iothin. MiF^ CJracie Plaisted had a bumper bene'H. aiid deserved it. Absconding Debtors Bill to be referi'd to Federal Council. Thirty English ironclads will be ready for shooting by May. Will America build warships to fight against 3inglaud ? Telephone communication is to be established between the forts. The Czar asks Komeroff to explain, and tells him what to say. Fven Queensland is to have a permanent force of 200 men. Mr. Bosw-orth is opposed to the Tariff Re vis-ion Association. tJrainger has been cutting out Bews with the Moonta miner?. A little ' Kilkenny cat' business going on among the Soudanese. Agtiits-General ordering war material after the trouble has begun. If the Russians got in would they ever get out again? — doubtful, St. Petersburg press urge the renunciation of the Treaty of Paris. Russia, not in condition for fighting, wants more time for training. The Ministry everywhere condemned. Oiily oiie paper now faithful. A friend of Bishop Kennion's could not see a Bible in thirteen houses. Will South Australia be the first port of call for the Russian cruisers? The City Council have got the war scare. It's as bad as the measles. ' Row on the steamer Zealandia be2a'.i*e Chinese labor is employed. The Prince and. Princess of Wales enthusias tically received in Dublin. Our Government are a peacp-at-any-pricc lot, says Councillor Raphael. l/'raieiJa, it may be mentioned, is in t!ie dis trict Mr. Baker is contesting. Coal stacked at Beaehport has been sent to Mount Ganibier and Millicent. Supreme Court juries are not so susceptible to eloquence as coronial juries. We don't want to fight, but, by jingo, if we do, we'll have the men, &c.; The Baptists cleaning the country people out of dollars for tiie jubilee fund. Some people are very anxious to have the Militia Act put into operation. We knew it must come. The Beaehport people have been scared at last. Five reformatory boys are members of the Ivaval Brigade on the Protector. Tlie Government had not got their policy ready for the Woodside meeting. Another parson has got a purse of sovs. The Rev. W; T. Carter this time. A woman may smile and smile and be un willin', remarks a rejected suitor. Afghans must ask Russian permission to nitineeuvre en their own territory. Bishop Kennion unlike the Government. He's alive to the position of affairs. There are 114,000 school teachers in Kugland, of whom 95 per cent, are spinsters. Married volunteers may take heart of grace. Their widows will be provided for. The Sydney boys will not have much more fighting around Suakim and Tamai. In a fortnight the Russians will have 100,000 troops massed towards Afghanistan. Something ought to be done to extend the railway to the township of Silverton. You can bet the Russians took a mean ad vantage of the Afghans in some way. Custom- compels an Icelander in hU native island t-.- kiss every woman he meets. Unley wants Parliament at once called together to consider defence measures. General Komarc-ff had no hostile intentions. :T\vas the nasty Afghans ' wTot done it.' A reward to be paid to the discoverers of tbe goldfields if they become permanent. The Coonamble murderers were desperate wietthes. Bullets were too arood for them. Ii.dia is ready to take some more South Australian hoises for her remount service. A pi .t-t lecturing on a poet. Dean Russell and SLakeErcare. No comparisons, please. It i? time J. C Bray was back, even without tin? knighthood. Can't he leave Rosebery 1 L;e?e.- Bizzy mean to intimidate Australia by serving tLat formidable corvette to our waters. Oh ! that the ghost of Dizzy would visit the G.O.M. and inspire him with a little boldness. TLe Beachj.'oit people held out for a long time against the scare, but they've got it badly now. F.ven tlie G.O.M. is roused to demau'l an explai alien. Will lie be firm in that posi tion * Russian fleet ordered to the Baltic. There is: an Euglith tqtaciron there. Ructions pro The little corporal didn't get much of a show at £tiulbuibyn. Baker mopped up two solid l.e.nis. Farmers jubilant, shippers joyful, and the working men hopeful. Ail due' to 'glorious wiir.' Bishop Kennion has been listening to pclitical addresses and opening churches in the north. Councillor Raphael says that the H»n. John's team would rather go in' for tea and sugar than bullets. The Hon. John Crozier could not resist the requisition, aud the Hou. R. A. T.irlton's flattery. The Methodist churches in the United States alone in 18S3 baptised mure than 150,030 children. If a Russian cruiser saw tiie steamers Ade laide and Yatala she would show a clean pair of heels. One hundred thousand Russians against l,£G0 British. That is coming it a little bit too strong. Bishop Kennion thinks our older public schoolboys should be at once enrolled and care fully drilled. Well, people call things by strange names. Chafiey Baker's speech is called the Govern ment policy ! Died at midnight on Tuesday — the political careers of some retiring members of the Legis lative Council. Twenty-five per cent, of the young women in the Kormal College of 2sew York are bright eyed Jewestes-. The number of immigrants who arrived in tie' United States during January last an-ouiitcd to 7, SCO. Tiie Dcutsehc Colonial Zcitany is making piopairamhi.for the establishment of a Horary iii Angia Pequena. l-.etul ilie- accounts of those battles in the &\--uriai:/ and then say whether British valor is a thing of the past. ISotes to the amount of £2,000, which were stoii.ii from the Beaeoasiield Bank, Tasmania.. ii.ive been recovered. What a ragged regiment the members of the Cil-v Ce.ui.cii would make. One of the aauiuiys s-l.iiiiit! take the lead... ' ?' A Csiiadian says that Hanlan is not a' Yankee, but a Canadian. The Canadian iiim ? st-h is l«.t :?- Yankee. The Hou. R. C. Baker has contributed £5 towards the Uraidla Institute funds. What ever did he do it for ? M. 'Maicy, in experimenting oil French soldiers, has demonstrated the invaluable aid to health of low heti«. The collections in the London churches for the city hospitals one Sunday recently amounted to £40,000. Old Blood and Iron getting sick of his trade. He now believes in national disputes being settled by aibitration. Whittier tays he often wrote his jvietry in | the presence of his mother and sister, their tail: ? never disconcerting him. j That mysterious South Australian Assooia- ' tion has spoken out on defence, and now some- ! thing is sure to be done. A man shouldn't blame a woman for going fJirr.vgh his pockets occasionally. That's one ' of her home amusements. | Chief-eiijriueer Melville, of the .Tearjette ex- ' redition, w-ants- loO.COO dels, to reach tiie North Pole by Franz Joseph Land. ! A girl twelve years of age attempted suicide \ at Ktw Kave-n because she was not allowed to w ear lifr new cloak to church. The mayor and the town clerk, especially the latter, eiught to frighten Mr. Colton into active elefensive preparations. With tl:e price of wheat increasing the Rus sians will only have to wait a short time to make a big haul in the colonies. The Eritish coalfields are rapidly being exhausted. The output last year was one hun dred and sixtj'-iour million te»ns ! The war scare is answerable for a lot of late rttirers to re?t, and when the wife opens the door the scare becomes a reality. _ The Black Sea is covered bj- a very efficient 15fe:Esving service, which is manned by Turk?, Tinder command of an Englishman. If we had a ladies' regiment we could place it in tLe front, and the gallantry of tUd i Krs'sians would prevent their firing. j The C.S. says he does not want to 'fan the flame,' uiid so keeps back much information tlip.t the public has a right to know. During two mouths of hist year 20 people committed suicide in the gardens of Monte Caile-, the gambling hell of Monaco. Russia, with a population of over 100,000.000, has }n) bishops, 100,0a8 clergymen, 2i',000 n:- tks aiid nuns, and 41,000 churches. The death is announced of Mr. Hotchkiss, an American gunsmith settled in France, and the inventor of the ''cannon revolver.' The Sydney people appear to be going wild over their Soudan contingent. Other business appears to be almost entirely neglected. The Hon. J. Colton, although admitting New Zealand is a tine country, considers the. e is a larse eiuantity of inferior laud there. 1i:e Hon. Mr. Tarlton says that Mr. Crozier draws water for others tlian himself, and Mr. Wigley says he puts whisky in the water. Is it because the Government have dons so little in legard to arranging to meet the Bears that they are so reticent on the subject ? Eveu European diplomatists — who are not guided by the most sensitive consciences— de- clare that the Russians are in the wrong. The Minister of Justice and Education in \- fleet says that we offered men for the Saudan but never intended the offer to be accepted. A witness in a United ?States court-martial was excluded for non- belief in a supreme being or in future rewards and punishments. Lent} Carrington, the new Governor of New South Wales, is 40, good looking, rich, go, id tempered, and amiable. There's a lmmtliful. The Jews of New York city are building a home for invalids in honor of the hundredth duuiiciartlj \J1 UlL 1SJ.OSC3 X-iOllLeLli-ie o ULlbli day. A splendid diamond has been found in the Transvaal mines. It w-eighs 352i carats, is a perfect octahedron, and is almost faultless in color. The Sultan of Turkey has been converted to Wagnerism, and spends several hours each day at the piano muidering the works of that com poser. The only kind of protection the Ministry show absolutely they are inclined to support is the protection of their seats on the Treasury benches. L-uriiig a mill fire in Glasgow a man dropi-ed front the roof, a distance of four stones ; but, alighting in a tank of water, was uulnjuitd. I iWhich will bring the present uncertainty to an issue the quicker — the action of Lord Rosjebc-iy or the- collision between the Afghans aiiel Russians ? TLe demise is chronicled of Francis Eli Roudaii-e, the Frenchman who proposed to flood rhe desert of Sahara by cutting canals to the Mediterranean. An important addition has been made to the Gem-an navy by the launching of the Alexan drine, which represents a novel type of fast cruiter corvettes. 1 he New Zealand Ministry intend to try and pass a land and income tax. It is to be liGi-ed the regulations will be a little more explicit than ours. When a young man Lord Carringtou started a coach between Windsor and London, which he urijVe witli tiie anilivv :iml finish of a. mvi fesf ',- v.ai ce.achnian. The arrest of a cockatoo stealer aud the iin IKAuidiiig -ji four pigs the bole work of a cjr poiaii'jii inr-jiector for a fortnight ! Go to the ant, rhou sluggard Ray. TLe Gbiinan Reichstag will this winter dis cuss tiie abolition of capital punishment. There is a f rcat deal of public sentiment in Germany in la. vor of the change. L'r. Geoige Macdonald is revising the proof sheets of a ntw volume of poeuis, wrnich he will name 'A Book of Strife in the Form of the Diary of sax Old Soul.' JMany pianists now have the extensor muscles of the ring finger cut for superior freedom. It is said Louis Gottschalk sub niitted to the operation. Ex-Lieutenant Mullighan, of Port Germein, expelled for breach of discipline. The coin paijy present him with a sympathetic address. Another breach of discipline. A learned Orientalist says that El Mahdi's name should be spelt Muhdi. The next dis coieiy in Arabic philology will be that Osaian Diana's real name is Sankey. Right Rev. Mr. Ferguson, bishop-elect for the n.issions on the west coast of Africa, is the first colored bishop under the jurisdiction of the American Episcopal Church. It is stated that the proposals made by the international commission for the improvement cf the Suez Canal are estimated to cost two hundred and ten millions of francs. Philadelphia has the name of being the champion bicycle city. It has 3,500 in use. Congiatulatiops are in order on its having wheeled into line as a progressive city. Sii Ptter Lumsden twice explained the na tui e ol tbe agreement of March 14, audyet the Czai lias the effrontery to say that the rlussian troops were unaware of that agreement. A Bill has Leen introduced in the Lower House of the Missouri Legislature requiring that telegraph and telephone wires in all cities of the fiist clats shall be laid underground. 'The first woman in Italy to become the brother of Hippocrates' is Doctor Giuseppina Cutaiii, who lately passed a brilliant examina tion in n:tdicine at the University of Bologna. Great satisfaction has been given in Paris by the wood pavement, which is now to be laid down in various central points which up to the prtscnt had not enjoyed the advantage. A special decoration has been created by the King of the Belgians, which L. to be conferred tweiitj-five years' good and uninterrupted ser vice. King Leopold, of Belgium, is derating ££0,ulO annually of his iirivate means to the African n-issions.' This is in commemoration of Li:? only son, who died some little time s-ince-. 3V1'1 r. Vernou S. Norwood is writing a book entitled 'Our Gipsies in City, Tent, and Van,'' which will aim at giving for the first time a complete and verified history of the gij Mes. Tlie Czar of Russia is about to add another title to his royal name. He wants to be called 'liniperor or Central Asia.' Well, let him. Pciir ieikw ! it's about the only fun he has in this life. _That was a terrible threat of a pugilist to his antagonist : — 'I'll twist you around your own throat until there's nothing left of you but the ends of your shirt- collar sticking out of your eyes.' England imports one-third of its cattle froin little Denmark, and one-half from the United States. The Danish export of cattle to Eng land advanced from 20,000 head in 1873-4 to llii,S0O in 1S83. Overheard in King William- street — 'Cab, sir! cab?' 'No, we're in a hurry.' ' Run ning away from the Russians no doubt.' 'Oh no, but we wouldn't hire your cab if we were.' Cabby retires. A unique contribution is about to be made to Fiench literature. The greater writers of France are each to contribute an unpublished work to a little volume which is to be sold for the relief of the unemployed of Paris. The cheapest raihvay in the world is in Pi ussia, namely, track trom Thorn station to Thorn city, across the famous bridge over the A7istula, a third-class ticket costing 5 pfennige, equal to 1^ cents United States currency. Attention is called to the fact that in surf- . batliii:g, when there is a strong under-current, tLe g--oe! twiu.-iiier keeps near the surface, and ia :-aic, while the poor swimmer lets his feet dow n iuto the tow , is sucked under, and is lost. Pil.e-sn.oking by gentlemen in the streets is being roundly condemned as an English inno vation in San Francisco, where the Skew's Letter stigmatises this ' phase of Anglomania due to English cads,' as an affront to good breeding. No less than four great musical overtures for as many of Shakspeare's plays — ' Romeo and Juliet,' 'Othello,' 'Macbeth,' and 'Tne Tempest' — have just been discovered amoujr tbe papers of the late eminent composer, Joachim Raff. The Italian Government have awarded the silver medals for acts of civil valor to C&ptain; Williau: Taylor,- of the British ; schojuer Constance, of Greenock, for rescuing from : drowning a pilot and two Italian sailors iu tha port of Leghorn. - . , , The sort of conundrum given by the otsnm phore Christys :— Why are a baby priuce, a bald man, an orphan, and a monkey's mother alike? One is an heir-apparent,' one ha* no hair apparent, one has ne'er a parent, aud one is an hairy parent. The heaviest load carried by any European soldier is that of the Swiss. When fully equipped he carries a burden of 75 pounds, while the Russian carries- (59^. the Italian 67, the English 62, the Geianan 02, the French 61, and the Austrian 60J pounds. The: oldest minister in the world is probably Robcit Harvey, in his 93rd year, who has beeu a minister for 73 years in the strict Baptist denomination and three years amongst the Wesleyans. He is living atKeniunghall, Nor folk, England, and is in good health. It is stated that the two brothers Rothschild at Frankfort-ou-the-Main have recently de c:aied their incomes for the purpose of taxa tion. The elder brother, Baron AlayorKarl, Las set down his revenue at 4,560,000in., and tLat of the younger brother, Baron Willy, is i-ut at 4,75S,C00ni. Mr. Ti ubuer, the well-known publisher, left a Wtvuie_«f £150,000, in addition to the value of the business and stock. Mr. Trubner went 1o Eiiglaiid from Heidelberg forty years ago, with only a few pounds in his pocket, and began his career in London as a clerk in; IVlcssrs.. Longman's house. Experiments have for some time been made in Belgium for preserving wood by exhausting the air from the pores and filling them with jiquid guttapercha. The guttapercha is liquefied by mixing it with paraffin and sub jecting it to heat. After it is introduced into the pores it hardens as it becomes cold. A: remarkable electric light has been manu factured for use in tiie Admiralty dockyards in lorti-nioiith and Chatham, It has 100,000 cm, die i)h;roiijatii;g power— fifty times gTeater than an oidinary electric lamp for street light ing. It is designed to be used in night attacks, and in discovering submarine torpedoes. A large Buddhist temple is now in course of eieetie-n at Kioto, Japan. All its timbers and pillars are put in place by ropes rta.de of human hair. The devotees of the god they worship offer their hair on its shrine. The hair is then cut off and is twitted by the priests into church ropes. Despite the heroic efforts of the German students, England still retains her reputation as the gieatest beer-drinking country of the world. Some recently compiled statistics show that while England's 27,000 breweries produce fcyO million gallons of beer in a year, the (jtiicani, with 2,000 fewer breweries, make 903 million gnllons. It is reported from Paris that experiments made in the hospitals show that sulphide of cbi-lioii is the best agent to restore the normal action of the bowels in case of cholera. It has restored to consciousness in 30 second? hysterical patients who previous to its administration were insensible to even the pricking of needles. . The Senate of Finland is preparing a Bill for tLe Landtdag about the rights of the Jews.. It is, however, not intended to make them, citizens, only to permit them to live in Fin land, and furthermore only to stay in the cities, not to live in the' country. The Scan tiinaria pertinently observes — 'This is Rus sian, not Scandinavian.' An eccentric marriage is reported from Canterbury (England). ? An engaged couple had to seek shelter in the workhouse. A lady becoming interested in the destitute lovers, a marriage was arranged and the ceremony carried through, though the newly-wedded couple have again had to seek the hospitality cfiered by the guardians. An Italian ship has been sheathed with gla^s plates, cast like iron piatcs, so as to fit fc- the Lull, to take the place of copper sheath iiigs. The joints of the plates are made watertight by the use of waterproof mastic The ao^antages claimed for glass over copper are its insensibility to oxidation and its exemption from incrustation. LaLGUchere, of London Truth, says that how he knows is no matter, but he rfots know who is at the bottom of the dynamite outrages. ' His name is McCafterty. He is one of the most dangerous of human beings — an honest fanatic. He made some money in mines, and is a most resolute personage. He is now — or wab when I heard of him — in America.' A Ifutsian view of the outrages in England is contained in the Moscow Gazette: — ' England has at last lived to see the day of retribution. Explosion after explosion has taken place in her capital, until they have now shaken down the very walls of her Parliament House. At' last she is herself experiencing the evil which she has always maintained for others with her sacred right of asylum.' The Russian Admiralty Expedition to the north pole will go by steamer to Franz Josef Land, and thence forward by sledges and on . foot. It will be divided into three parties, one pressing- forward as a vanguard, and_ the others following after it has found suitable camping places and established depots for provisions. It is expected that three years will be required for the work of the expedi tion. The largest room in the world under one roof aud unbroken by pillars is in St. Peters burg. It is 620 feet long by 150 feet in breadth. By daylight it is used for military displays, and a battalion can completely manoeuvre in it. Twenty thousand wax tapers are required to light it. The roof of this structure is a single arch of iron, and it exhibits remarkable engineering skill in the ... architect. The high price given for the Mazarin Bible at the Syston Park 'library sale was exceeded by that paid for thePsalmorum Codex of Fust and Schoifier (1459), which amounted to £4,950, Mr. Quaritch being the purchaser. The importance of- the book may be judged from the fact, -of which few bibliographers have hitherto been. cognisant, that only nine other vellum copies of this edition are known to exist. A sad discovery has been made in the Louvre gallery by M. Gruyer, the curator of the painting department. It seems that up wards of sixty canvases, including Rubens, Scheffer, Prud'hon, fierard, Flandrin, Mignard, Lesueur, Delacroix, Rigaud, PateL Hem, and other masters, are seriously, some of them irretrievably, injured by either moisture, dust, or the hot-air furnaces, combined with defec tive ventilation. -- _ M. Pasteur says that bisulphide of carbon is the cheapest and most efficacious of all anti septics, and that it is also the best insecticide known, especially in tropical countries. It costs but tne fraction of a penny per pound to produce. In France upward of 8,00(5,000 lba. ., of it are now annually used to prevent ' the ravages of the phylloxera. It is said to be capable of such purification as not only to lose its objectionable smell, but to become almost a perfume. A correspondent with the Nile Expedition writes that the camels are great lovers of tobacco. Let any one smoke a pipe or cLrar in the camel enclosure, and the camel will follow the smoker^ about, place his nose close to the burning tobacco, inhale the fumes with a piolonged sniff, swallow the smoke, then, thiow-ing his head up, with mouth agape and eyes upturned, showing the bloodshot white, will grunt a sigh of ecstacy which would make the fortune of a comedian in a love scene. Barnum is reported to have cleared as much as his show cost him last year, and as the expenses ran to within an ace of £200,000, that means a fairly respectable profit. Mr. Barnum paid £40.700 in salaries to his performers, £18,500 to his agents, £15,000 in advertising, £31,400 for printing and engraving, £14,970 for bill-posting and bill boards, £9,-5OO for transportation, £5.300 in hotel bills, £8,700 iu the cooking tent, £7,100 in fodder for animals, and, among many other items, no less than £2,400 for licences. It is a somewhat unusual thing for a reigning sovereign to appear in the witness-box at a ? police court. The other day, however, _ the King of Italy, fiom good-natured motives, volunteered his testimony before a magistrate in Rcme. A shopkeeper named MJaraozoin had unfortunately injured a little girl by riding over her in the street, and King Hum bert, who had witnessed the accident, came forward to say that in his opinion Maranzoni had been in no wise to blame, and that, in fact, his horse had run away with him. A Louisiana judge, who was never known to use the pronoun 'I' after he was elevated to the bench, undertook -to lecture an offender who was on one occasion brought before his court while under the influence of liquor, and proceeded thus: — 'When this court was a young man it sometimes indulged in excessive drink, and in consequence nearly committed the crime of murder upon the court's cousin. But the court saw the error of its ways, re foimed, beejame a respectable man, and was elected judge. This court had no doubt what ever that if it had not reformed the court would long since have been in the peniten tiary or in its grave. Go you, sir, and do like wise.' 