\- The - Story Teller. A FOX CAUGHT IN' HIS OWN TEAl'i Mr. James Fox was tlio junior partner in tlio firm of Plumloy and Fox, the principal Folicitors in the somewhat :dcad-nlivo old Cathcdral.to-wn of Slumborbugh. ,IIc -was a, smart, ?well set up young man, of two or three and thirtv, With' carefiillv trimmed black- whiskers, a silken manner, nnd an unlimited flow of nioro or less entertaining small talk.. Hence it canio: to pass tliat he ?was an exceedingly popular man among the ladies of Slnmborough, both old and young, and, had his views lain in tho direc tion of matrimony, he -would have had small ? difficulty in inducing any bashful damssl or frisky widow to share liis lot. But tho handsome solicitor was ambitious ; his sliaro in. tho business did not at prespiit bring hini in more than a moderate income, and he had long ago determined that when ho . ?mairied lie must considor not only beauty but more solid advantages. Heiresses, however, -were not plentiful in Slumborough, and so, although Mr. Fox's attentions frequently fluttered a virgin bosom, lio was careful not to commit himself too far, and not even the local gos sips could fairly say of him that he had com promised a reputation, or knowingly raised false hopes. There was, indeed, one young, lady who hadmade a deep impross:o:i upon the solicitor's heart, but slio was tho daughter of a country magnate with whom poor Fox was not oven on visiting terms He had met her at the Annual Hunt Ball,' sill had danced twico with liim, for Mi-. Fox' was an_ excellent, waltzor.;. but hor mother had 'doubtless' warned Tier against him, for whon next1 they met,' some six * weoks;: afterwards,; Miss Laquortbn.'pass'e'd tho unfortunate man without so much us a bow. _ Mies Laquerfcon, however, was lovely and rich, (ind Mi-., Fox was not a man .to bo easily \ discij'm-ago'dv. U Ho knew that :ii -he' could only afford to . cut . the. .ofHco an,l blossom into a.landod proprietoivhe would liavo just as good a chance with her as any body else,,, so . ho. waited -pationtly. -in the hopes of one day discovering the roail which lea-ls:to fortruno and success. : _ The/, /firm-; rof v Pluinley - and 1 Fox was a liighly rospuetable and old fashioned con cern, which avoided litigation and kept al most, entirely to family business, l'lumley was a fairlj' good lawj-or, but Fox's legal knowlcd^o Was. of the most limited charac ter,- aiid'ho' was' much- tbo lazjr to take 'tho' trouble . to increaso it. So it came tobe understood betweon them that wliilo Pluin ley did the oflico work, Fox kept tho clients in good humor by calling on them apropos of nothing and amusing tliom with his jokes ; and ? stories. This business was teenmcaily toianed keeping the connection together,' and it suited Mr; Fox very well indeed. It was while ho was thus keeping , tho connection iogothei- that Mr.: Fox' made : the acquaintance of a cortain rich old widow lady;iifinVod;Ml'S',' Johiison, and sojwell did ' lie play his. cards that before long Plumloy and Fox: 'became Jill's. Johnson's' family, solicitors,- land agents and confidential ad visors. ' The firm made a prettj' gpod thing . out'of'Mrs; Johnson. In accordance witji, the usual arrangement, :Piuinloy ^?ansaete'd,. ; the 'business and Ftix bocanio a constant . visitor c'lt hor . house and -worked his way ?into' ' her good graceis' by : his .. wondorful. ^p°jyers . of . ainusing; eonvorsation. . There was : .yet; ; i another. ? accomplishment : which stood, our .^solicitor: in' veiy good stead; and this was anaccurato knowledge of chemis try and medicine, which lie, hnd picked up a.s a jioy in .the shoj) of his .undo, the chpmist.-, ? [Pho. horrible smells young Fox had created in his ? oxperimonts, aud the ugly stains he boid mauc on his hands, de termined him. to forsako -inedicino for tlio law;' but. lie noyor enthely' forgot:hisrearly' oxporiences. Ho could talk' fluently about ? every |known drug and diseuso, and about a great msirty which ' had jnot yctbeon' disi coveredr;: : - lie -''diagnosed ?' Mrs. Johnsoii's symptoms at! least as accurately as Llac Bolus, tho. Scotch doctor, and would even liavo prescribed for her had not tho stalwart Scot'- angrily-'' threatened to kick InVn .if- hi did so. : But ho rotained a! voi'y prominent placo, , in -the old lady's aifocti6ns; and 'it began to be whispored about. 'IthatV he liiid : ail excellent - eliauco of sueceeding to ' her very considerable propertj'. .Tho disposal of Mrs. Johnson's monoy was a matter which . had 7 long furnished . sjiecithition pf*} unfailing/ iriforost to tho town of . Sluniborough,; and -.filled many a yawning gap in conversation, at. nftornoon. teasT Mj-sl Jolinsdn liad butWo -relativb int tho 'world; Miss Lizzie' Eoboirts/ 'tho 1 duuglitor of lier .lute sistor. This young lady,.hoiyovo'r,fiitlw(is agrcerd,--had4iot''tlio slightest dianco of boing mentioned in her aunt's will. ; A inindsoirio, woll bred girl, she was loft ; lit lier, parents' death to liiuko hpi' ioSvh, .way.'iu tlio worltl, ' inheriting nothing' biit tlio battlo of.lilo and tlio dis like, .of Mrs, Johnson, -who liad not seontho ciiM since it quitted its baby clothes. This stviijigb, antipathy aviis traueiiblc, as somo p'oiiplq said, to; times hlng gono. by, whon Mr. I5oborts,:Lizzio'sl'ather, thon renowned lor. hia jnunly. beauty, lia'd -beon an assidu ous visitor at tho honsoj^f-^IrsyJolnvson's paroi}££] '' :)Sho,3oiii'^ and 'taking - all'-'hi's atfoiffitii&'for ' llersolf , had folt.it keonly hf|!a jiersOnal insult w'hon ? ljer' sistor ? d'aVedj-[' to 'siiiitclf liim' away and ovon later on', Rafter1 haviiig.;mado a much uibro--1bnUiitnf4'(i&t;^i^ei'^lf, she wuvev eoiilil forgive U»is eurjy cK'fvut. Pcuth oven had not buried the grudge, which iiqt luinaturally passed from.mother to child! ' ? How fur this saying may havo boon true .or. not, one thing was certain,': poor Lizzio Eobcrts had riot the 'ghost , of a clianco of over seeing a ^single penny from lior aunt's moneybox; her claims woro clearly quite out of tho quo'stion. There renminod, then, only Miss NoUy Brown, .' Mrs. John son's lady' companion, aiul Mr. Jambs Fox. Mr. James ,1'ox knew from his partner, who had cautioned liiin in a friendly way, that Mrs. Johnson was not going to divide her fortune, but would- leavo tho wholo of it to her ' truest friond,' rthough sho had ovidentlj' not- yet: made hor mind up as to who deserved that' title. M6ro than onco hud Mr. l'lumley beon suddenly summoned to draw up a now will ; so slight an annoy ance as a cold cup of tea- having caused her to destroy tho one in ' Miss Nelly's favor. Then two days' neglect on the pnr.t of 'Mr. Fox, and a constant supply - of hot tea at tho haiids of Miss Nelly, again reinstated this lady in Mrs. Johnson's good, graces. Mr. Fox therefore . had- .-good cause for anxiety as :to what would be tho exact stato of aifairs when tho old lady was finally caUed upbn to join the majority. ' 'When such an fold woman,' ho .said to himself, ' who is ready to make a now wilt- ~ any day and to burn it tho next, there isno dependence, one's future .hangs' upon a whim; a remedy 'must' bp found. The safest thing would of course bo to .mako: lovo to Miss Nolly ; sho is rathor ' thirtyish,' nnd altogether not very attractive ; ' still, if , sho wore to get all the monej', she . would be ? anything but undesirable.' ; | So Mr.: James Fox set to work at once to make himself agreeablo to Miss Brown, yet without . going;too far ; . for.:ho had by 110 means forgotten Miss Laquorton, but he felt it .was better to. liavo( two. strings .to . his bow, and therefore: he, detbrmineel to do his best to keep Miss Nelly in good homor. Thisladj-, howover, was not so easily satis fied as the solicitor expected ; for now he liud onco begun; to pay '- hor- attentions, -she wanted a decided offer of marriage, and not being able to get it, she took refuge in a stratagem..- This consisted ih her 'suddenly ' making the discovery that 'Mrs. Johnson's health was in absoluto want of somo Ger man waters — in fact, she decided that it was quite dangerous for her 'to'spend 'tlio'. ' si-ring in England, with all the changes of ' heat and cold. The. old lady was thercforo soon 1 persuaded to yield to such tender solicitude, ; and -away tlio coiiplo went, leav ing Mi1., James Fox in; a , rather awkward tlilciiima TITiat . was 'ho to do ? . If lib wrote cool'lottors to Miss Nelly, sho would bo offendod, and all his-ehances. -would be' ' lost iii the event' of her 'inheriting Mrs., Johnson's -propertyV on tho other harid.-if1 ho played the part;of,a loybr, ho coinmittod himsolf, and gaivo hor tlio materials for a breach ,of :proiniso ease, should j tho , good, lady dio whon liis mime only figured in hoi', '.will, and should ho then' turn his'iittontion to Miss Laquorton. .What, then, could he doi' ? j '; r. ? ; Tho worthy Fox was .baffled for tlio. mo- ment, but after deep deliberation lie liit upon a great idea which his clieVniCal studios suggested to him. Chuckling to himself he wentto a choihist shopj'p'urchased several drugs,' and' mixed' and remixed them till a magnificent black ink was produced, which had tho. grand odyantagq that in about ten. days aftor being committed to paper it wotild fade away without leaving the slightest trace. Emboldonedby the.liappy result of his experiments, lie' bbcuino tit ' once tho most tender and, zealous corre spondent any woman could wish for/ \ His letters, in fact, overflowed with projiiiso of everlasting dovotion. Miss Nelly beiiriibd with joy; for sho was now.- convinced how trad and; ^unselfish was the attachment Of ; hor udiiiirer^ ;--- -'-V y V-,: ?: ?' r' V ; : Unjler such circumstances it .-was not: surprising -that tho German waters' speedily did Mrs.- .Johnson so- lunch good. thut. lior ciirefulnui'se -considered: that thecuro could .bo shortened, and according tlio couplo re turned to England much earlior 'than1 had beon expected. ' . Whether, Jiowoyer, the . waters had really . disagi'eed with the old -lady, or something elso had upset hor, was nevor quite clear, but soon after their return to; England rlipr; health and strength bogan.ioribuslyj.to failr.; She comjilained bitterly that Miss Nelly hud induced- hereto .-undprtako Tan-, unnecessary apd useless j'ourrioy,' and tKat'bver siiice she had neglected her altogether/ - Tbo'oiid of; it was that ono day,' 'in' tho height 'of lior' anger, she burnt tho;then'o.Mstingwill,''and: mudo Mr. James Fox sole heir to every thing sho possessed; This decision seemed to havo exhausted her remaining cnoi'gyj for sho diod not .many days after. \- Mr. Fox, who had been apprised of tho. stato of affairs Jby. Ins partner and friend, , almost lost his, ^kiri^s'wiilr joy; -still his excitemcntidid nOt-Jpirovorit him- investing somo mono}'- in hatTbands and crupo, and looking as mournful. as, if ,tho sorows of jt^io wholo world rested ' lipo'ii'' his' shoulders. Miss Nolly, too, almost molted awiiiy in tears,' and could only bo' comforted by ' her Jamie, ' as she iiow. called MrV Fox.' | . Biit tho latter soomed' to 'have 'turned qiiito diill with.giief. Ho did not appear to. under stahd her at till, nrid.day by day as she be came moro 'demonstrative' lib' : gi-ew loss affectionate: Tho afternoon before tho funeral Miss Nelly. was. oxtremel}' Jbrokon hearted, an^ amd's't her .sobs remarked how comfortable arid happy sho had always beoii with hor lato :fricnd; ;:T6'her 'astonishment Mr. Fox attempted to comfort her by saying with cool.civility, -''.!; hopo you may soon meet again with™such a'liaii])j' homo as you havo had 'Here' till how.' ' un neanng /tnis.:; 'Miss ;y\oily s tears j suddenly dried up,' arid , with 'pyes dilated, witli a'stbriishmbnt arid dng'or, ^sho cried:' 'fit is you whoiuX^ietit°fi-;-make me this happy homo! , , , , Mr. Fox| howovbrj 'simply shruggod'his shouldors, saying: ' I do not dony that I may havo onco had such ideas, but of lute ?I have growri wiser.. Everything' ultbrs 111 this world;: why; tlion;; should our. .opinions ;iiot do tho samo ? - That is what wo call progress.'''^ 'f'oT .TfiK V' ./- .7'.;.' Upon tliis ho bowed and left; Miss ::NTolly crying-und faintiug in'aann.chaii'.'i r lie did not hear anj-thing of her till a few days latter, ^yhon a gentleman-called- upon him, siijnng1 ? that ;ho'-hii'd 'boon1- entrusted ?jvitliMiss Nolly Bi-own's affairs and sug gesting, that v ^orliifps r , Mr. . ,'Fox, boforp., jnatters 'weht'furthor, 'would J)rbfer making somo private an-angjsmont about-his broach of prbiriiso of marriago iwitK liis client ? 1 And what proof of ' that promise has 'Miss Utowu, oxeejit her saying so|? ' usked Mr.Fox. 'Oh,' answered; .tho .young man, 'I havo scon n box of lottors fromyoii. 'Ilavo you; read them?.', continued Mr Fox sarcastically. - - - - ' Xot vot,' replied the other; ' but I havo scon tho' box. ' ' Well, 'you had bottor go arid read thom first beforo' you take any further steps, arid if you can.find a singlo lino from mo to Miss Brown, Tain quito willing to lot her havo ample damages ? without their boing awarded by a. court of law. Thoro was somothing so, diabolical about Mr. Fox, that tho young defender of an nocenco found it best to rotiro for the present,' leaving his opponent- to rub -his hands triumphantly and build castles in tho air about tho country scat and the horses and caniagcs he was going to buy in order to dazzle Miss Laquorton, whom ho felt justified in seriously thinking about now. Miss Nelly had, meanwhile, boon told of ing liko porpoises, aud yonder fellow, seo, has got your coin betweon his tooth, and is grinnmg from c,u-;tp ear. , . They are pro pared to go on with this gamo as long as you ? aro to : keep up the supply of backsheesh, and'soldoin do 'they miss coming up with .tho.monoy.irL their month. For a piece of silver thbywill dive right under your huge vessel and come'-tip- smiling* arid- omiehod on tho ' other side. And whbro do those fellows put tlio money they win ? you -ask, seeing tliey have no pockets. ; : 'They plit it where the moiikpy puts his extra supply of food — insido tho cheeks,' So that after ! a pretty successful contest arid tucking away' of p'oniiie's tho lucky competitor has tlie appqaraneo of one suffering rathor severely from an attack of tlie mumps. However, this is a sort of affliction: thiit is most hero ically borne. Now here is another inter esting' sight. Swarming round us are Arab traders with their bum boats. These men look liko genuine eastern merchants, with red fez or turban. 011 head, white flow ing gown 'and smart sash around' the waist. Their boats aro large and well stocked .with fabrics, curios, fruits aud provisions. / You may buy lace, figs, coral, dates, photo graphs, and what not. Thoy are not allowed to come 011 board because thcro is an idea prevailing that when at school they did.riot - sufficiently ,. master the principles involved- in'tluj 'study of ' meum et tuuni,' and our business, therefore, is done over tho: ship's; side'.. The: traders. hoist up to 3:o.u : 011 ii long polp ..tho- article ..you .want,, or, riibrp likely the 'article^ you ;dori't- want, arid' you send down: tlio money ;in: a small has: tied to. tho ton. of tho nolo; : , The' whole scene' is full - of animation. ' But tliesb boatiiieri-' aro : teriiblo' 'rascals; arid- ;tiy: ; in1 everyway andjwitli ; daring linipudenco to: best- you. It is well iri your ^dealings with therii. to bb'resblute'arid' detorihiiicd.' 1 Onb of our parties had a rough encounter with solrib of th'esc'inbri oii'the shore that at one :tinie, assumed; a; threatening aspect.. ' . An agreement had been made bjT some of our adventurous . iiassengcrs . withe, spyeral, of these irion to bo'rbwed ashore' lit a certiiiri anibuiit per; head.-' Tho^kriavisli^ liisciils rowed them to a distant and somewhat out of-the-way spot along the slioro, and then demanded twico and thrco times tho amount originally agreed upon, [and as they outnumbered; thc,;pfissongcrsiiri, thp boat and bccamo abusive and brandished sticks, mattpr6:lookcd a;-littlo ; foiTOidablo. But, happily, a iiiiniber of European offi cers from. tlia. garrison at Suez cume riding : along, boro!dbwn:upon the scene of conflict and threatened to run the fellows ill if tliey siiid; another. Avord; How1 [those 'follows irindo tracks. Possibly :;'thosb officers had themselves been at''-soiiio tjuio iV tuken in and done for ' by these children of Cusli, and; so. .a ..littlw. fellbw, ffeeling '! , .coupled withia little Byitjshi.gallantry mridbrjthom ' wondrous kind.' 