Plemington Training Notes. MKT.Tinrm?n;. Fridav. Winchester did a sonnd working gallop on the sand. Vanguard accompanied Winchester, ivho was in sweaters, in a Etrone three-parts pace exercise. Dunlop did another strong working gallop, assisted by Antonio. Isonomy worked on the sand vrita a hsivy rue; round its middle ; he moves very takingly, and Micawfcex brought him home a fist four furlong after doing long and strong work. Tamaruk and iinganune, aiier caniennz; ran home a fast five furlongs. Acme aod Philip Augustus also covered the Maribyrnong dis tance in fair time. Despot ociy carrtertd, but Tempe, Nordenfeldt. aad Percussion did a Bound working gallop in comp_any. in which the Derby favourite had to be ridden ail the way to make him extend him self and finish close up with the chestnut mare, while Percussion tailed oS considerably. At the finish Nordenfeldt's friends were none too well pleased with his performance. XJralla registered a nice gallop of once round. Wing, and Cerise and Blue, did a strong once round and Lord Wilton, looking very miserable after his mishap at Caulfield, cantered very slowly on the tan, ?where Lord. Exeter did a good working gallop. Signor and Israelite, the latter in rug?, ran a fart mile, and Maddelina defeated Repose over four fur longs. Prince Imperial and Tom Brown did easy pa;e work. Minerva did a strong gallop on the sand, and Trenton, in rugs, cantered slowly on the sex track Kit Nubbles did a couple of stroDsr tarns Phaon and Chesham. ran a fast half mile on the sands. First Ches ter finished in front of Mia Cars at- tha end of a useful mile. C^TUitry Boy, Jocular, and. Slander did strong work, and the same may he said of St. John and Agitation. Halcyon, ran a fas: five furlongs, and Brown and Rose and Warwick did a strong working jrallop. Giadtude was limited to slow canter ine, and Stomsway his useful strong workj. asiUted by Medea and Agatha, and displayed more activity et the conclusion of his long gallop than ha« bren -he ca-e during the past fortnight. Bey f»nd Ringmaster negotiated a servicrab'.e joand on the sand. DlrkHatte raick did a sound gallop by him=e!f. King ship made hi3 first appearance since the accident in Caulfield Cup, and did slow work. Louise, Berta, and Here Goes ran horas from tne three furlong post. Blink Bonny and Hippografi cantered and spurted. Lando did strong work, and Grace Darling. Nancio, and the Ghost did weak exercise. Sariius, who is stiH. confined ii hi* box, is progressing iavou-ably. The steeplechaser Chester is still very lame. The latest scrstchinss are : — Derby. — Vengjur, Toward, Phaon, Lorraine,, and Derision. Melbourne Cup. — Snip, Hawthorn, Andes, and Monneath. fXae stove xoEsiges fere dsiaiasd br ictirrnption lo coKiizmmcaiioii.1 