The New Bishon of Batimrst. Sumln.v, the S"th of August. 18f?5, is a day which marks an era in the histoiy of Catholicity in the Dioeesc of Huthurst, for 011 that day the Itight Hev. Monsignor Byrue, D.D., was solemnly consecrated as the second Bishop of Bathurst with all the grandeur and splendour of those solemn and im posing ceremonies with which the Catholic Church invests that rite. Before the doors of the Cathedral of S.S. Michael and John were thrown open for admission of the public, a crowd of eager specta tors had gathered in front of the building. As soon as the door at the northern entrance was thrown open.the people flocked in and thenceforth a steady stream oC humanity flowed into the Cathedral until every every inch of available space was taken up. ' And here the arrangements made by the- Chureli Committee for maintaining order and conducting the people to the different parts of the Cathedral proved to be thoroughly cffcient and. almost incredibly successful. All things being arranged and in perfect order, nnd the vast assembly having in eager expectancy sub sided into stillness nnd silence, the first step in the ceremony commenced by the procession of acolytes, priests nnd bishops, who accompanied the bishop elect, filing in at the eastern door of the Cathedral to the magnificent strains of Cellini's "licee Sacerdos Magnus." The procession marched up the middle atsle, and the acolytes, priests, and bishops composing it took up their respective posi tions, before the high altar. The Hev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, who wasthccouKecrntingbishop, occupied a seat at the centre of the foot of the altar, being supported 011 bis right baud by the Hev. Austin Shcebcy, and on the left • by the Hev. — Hornu. When the couseerator was seated the assistant Bishops, Dr. Lnnignti, Bishop of Gonlburn, and Dr. TorregianI, Bishop of Artnidulc, advanced with the Bishop-clcct, one 011 either aide, saying Most Rev. Father, our Holy Mother, the ,Catholic Church, demands that you elevate, this priest here present to the responsible office of bishop, i • The Conseerator then asked have, you..the Apos tolic Mandate. •* Dr. Lanigan : We have. '' Conseerator: Let it be rend. ' J The mandate was then read, anil the Bishop-elect on his knees took the oath of fidelity and devotion to the Holy See. The Conseerator then examined the, Elect on points of faith and morals of the -Catholic! Chureli —to each question Dr. Byrne replied in- a clear voice,'.Credo' (I believe). The Confiteor'having been said at the foot of the altar by both; the Con seerator and the Bishop-elect, the latter was con ducted to the alter of B.O.M. and invested with the episcopal robes. Meanwhile, the choir sang the Litany of the Saints. After this, both the' Conse erator and the Bishop-clcct said portion of the Mass ns far at the end of the epistle at separate altars. . Then the Bishop-elect was again conducted to the presence of the Conscrator, and ntter somo prayers and the Litany the Conscrator', performed the tj'pical ceremony of placing the Gospel liook'opened upon the neck nnd shoulders of the -Bishop elect, after which followed the impossing of hands by the assistant Bisliopsand Conseerator simultaneously on the head of the,Elect saying at the same time, "llc ccive /'the tHoly i Ghost." The Conseerator then blessed the'crosier, and delivered it to the'Bishop elect 'with' tbeso wolds, " Receive the Staff of the Pastoral Oflicc, that in the correction of vice thou mayest'temper justice with mercy, holding judgment wi tboutEwratb, limy est soothe the minds of the hearers by cherishing virtue, and ,mayest- not neg lect the strictncss of discipline through love for tranquility."'^'Then the ring wiis; blessed by the Consectntor and placcd upon the Elects fiugcr with these \ words Take this ring, as-ft-token of fidelity ; so that; being adorned with inviolate faith, thou mayest, without stain, guard thb^Spouse of God—to wit; His Holy Church." The Conseerator then took the Book of Gospcls-and delivered it to the BlSshop-crect'saying, ("lteceivq the Gospel; go preach'to the people committed to thy care,' for God is powerful, that He may increase to the His grace, who liveth and rcigneth world without end," 'l'hen followed the kiss of peacc by the1 Conse erator^, and; the assistant Bishops; this latter ceroniony having been concluded, the Hev. John Hyanf' S'ii; preached the consccration1 sermon, on tlio following text " 1 am the Good Shepherd— the Good Shepherd giveth his life for ' his. sheep." He delivered a most beautiful discourse of which the extract we give below will convoy to ours readers some(fIdca. Having explained the origin bfj^tbe pastoral oilice lie procccucd to speak on the uiguity of the commission held by Bishops^atid then took up the question of the way in which they had fulfilled their saercd trust. He said "Brethren, let mc not} lie misunderstood.:L I.nm not going to indulge in sentiment. I do not deny that there have been pastors who were unworthy of tlicir sacred, .otfiqe and unfaithful to their saercd trust, pastors on whom the Lord Himself, by the mouth'of the Prophet, pronounced a terrible woo : —"Woe to .the shepherds who feed themselves . vou drank itbe milk, and, you clothed yourselves! with'the wool, arid you /killed that which was fat, but My^flockPyou did liot'feed. Behold 1 .Myself will (Some upo'm'the shebh'crds, and I will require: my (lock-at their hatuls.j'M I do not deny that ftt; times'great Abuses have inrisen and grave scandals occurred. U doaiot deny that there wns a Jtidas amorig.twolve, that there,,was an Arius at Alexan dria,,a-Nestorlus. at Constantinople, a Douatus at Numidia, and a Cranrapr at Canterbury. But take them all in all during the long history of the Church, and say whether there lias ever been another body of men who1, for exalted,Tvirtue, for devotedness to duty, for untiring zeal in promoting the general interests of mankind, can' bo compared with itbe bishops of the: Chureli of Christ. To recount the names of Hbose prelates . that were eminent for every virtue, in a heroic degree would bo to;call the roll of tho most illustrious saiuts on the calendar, of the Church of God. Their zeal in the duerousJduties of tending the flocks committed to their care,'is a matter of "history and of every day experience, which extorts "admira tion even from their, very enemies. Nor was it only for the spiritual interests of their people that the bishops exerted their zeal. Every thing that tended to the social advancement and happiness of mankind found in the Catholic Bishop it promoter, a patron, guardian. Is it not a matter of history that the exertions of the Catholic bishops, collcctivcly and individually, prepared tho way for the abolition of slavery 1 And does not every school boy know that the Palladium of English liberty—tho great basis of the English Constitution—the Magna Chartn—was wrested from the hands of a tyrant by Stephen Langton, the Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury 1 Speaking of the influence of Catholic bishops on European civilisation, the celebrated Protestant historian, tiuizot, after a careful survey of facts, has made this candid admission- that the kingdoms of Europe nnd their civilisation were mainly the work of Catholic bishops. With regard to the advancement of learning it Bccnis almost /Superfluous to say that Catholic bishops were al Uvays among its foremost patrons and benefactors. Ami yet it is not only said,but often taken for granted by a certain class of writers and speakers, that the Catholic bishops are afraid of learning and seiencc, and that they arc on principle opposed to intellec tual pursuits. Head many of the lending journals of the present time and sec whether this is not the impression they try to convey. But do these writers forget, or do they wilfully ignoro the fact that before the Reformation there were no less than 0(> universities in Europe, ench attended by thousands of students, some by ten, some by twenty some by thirty, some by even ns many ns forty thousand students—and that every one of these sixty-six universities owes its existence not merely in part, but, in a great measure to the influence nud munificence of Catholic bishops ? 1 Do they forget that even within the small territory [of the States of the Church, where episcopal inliu flnce was naturally paramount, there wero no less Itban six flourishing universities ! To say nothing of the other great seats of learning that flourished before the Reformation, do they forget that Oxford owes not only its existence, but its grentness, to Catholic bishops ? Hint of the nineteen colleges of which it consists, fourteen were founded before the Reformation ; and tlmt of these fourteen everyone was either founded or richly endowed by Catholic bishops/ that Morton College was founded by Walter de Morton, Bishop of Ilochcstor? that Brasencse was founded by William Smith, Bishop of Lincoln ? that Magdalen College, " one of the noblest structures of the learned world," was founded by Wm. Patten, Bishop of Winchester? that New College and Corpus Christi College were fonnded by two other Bishops of the same Sec? that Exeter College was founded by the princely niuiiificenco of Wolsley 1 In fact, in every country of Europe, the names of Catholic bishops have been indissolubly bound up with the advancement of learning. It'is true, indeed, that they arc op posed, and ever will bu opposed, to that system of education which does not recognise God, mid which tends, dircctl.v or indirectly, to sup the foundations of religion and morality. And neither threats, nor blander, nor calumny, nor persecution will ever move the Hierarchy "of the Church to adopt, to accept, or to approve a nystcm of education which tbey believe to be dangerous to the spiritual and eternal interests of those committed to their care. Hut true education—education which recognises the spiritual nature of man, and his duties and obligations in the supernatural as well as in the natural order—education which trains the intellect without neglecting the will and affections—will ever find, as it ever has found, its warmest advocates and staunchcst supporters in those whose : lirst duty is /to teaeli the nations. Having paid n graceful aud touching tribute to the memory of the deceased prelate, the eloquent preacher then referred to Dr. Quinn's successor : It would ill become me, to-day, to obtrude niy own private feelings or sentiments on this august assemblage ; but as one who for years' has lived with the newly-consecrated Bishop, who had every opportunity of knowing hiB character, who owes much to his wise counsel and to the example of his virtues, and who, (why should 1 not say it.'} has enjoyed the pleasure of his intimate friendship, I cannot refrain trom offering to you, people of Bathurst, my most sincere and heartfelt congratu lations that your Borrow has to-day been turned into joy in getting such a worthy successor to your late venerated beloved Bishop ; and I congratulate you, too, my Lord, on your having snch a faithful and devoted people for your flock. I congratulate the good priests of this diocese that one of themselves, their brother-priest, and fellow labourer—one whose worth and virtue aud ability they know nnd appre ciate—has been found worthy to rule over them. I respectfully congratulate the Most lleverend the Bishops of this province on receiving among their number one whose prudence, counsel, and ex perience will aid them, not a little in the govern ment of this new Church of Australia. And, in conclusion 1 nsk all to unite in prayer, that he who, here to-day has received the full plcntitude of the priesthood—the power and authority of the pastoral oflice of Christ—may also receive tiie strength aud grace necessary to enable him to discharge well nnd faithfully his onerous duties ; so that when he, in his turn, shall have to resign his Btalf of oflice to other hands, he may receive as bis reward, from the Prince of Pastors, a never-fading crown of glory. Thc'remaihipg portion of the ceremony was then continued and at its conclusion the consccrator and assistant bishops gave to their brother the kiss of peace. ! At 4 p.m. the congregation again assembled in the Cathedral for the purpose of witnessing the presentation of addresses to Bishop Byrne from the laity, members of the A. II. C. Guild, and Brothers of St. Patrick. , These addresses were richly framed in guilt,.and printed on satin, arid nicely illumi nated, !Two■ of them rest on n, grouud. of rich purple velvet, niid that from the Brothers, on velvet of the national color—green. Mr.-Pi B. Kenny read the address from the laity, and Mr. Kclaher presented the Bishop, on behalf o£ the congregation, with a magnificent purse, in which was a 'cheque for £780 4s. Mr. Kclaher mentioned that the amount would have been larger, but the people in the country districts had resolved to give their own testimonials when the Bishop visited them. The address from the Guild was road'by \V. O'Keefe, warden, and signed by him, and J. Kelahcr (trea surer) ; mid F. J. Mather (secretary). The address fromsthe Brothers of St, Patriek was read by.Brother Ignatius, " i ' . . lJr. Byrno then ascended the pulpit and replied, after wliieh tho Bishop re- ascended the altar steps, and the:congregation rose aud advanced towards him. lia'clv.ouc knelt,.kissed his ring/.itnd; passed out;. This ended a most imposing ceremony. At vespers there was again a large congregation, nnd Dr/. Murray, Bishop of Maitlnnd, preached an eloquent sermon, having reference to the ccremony of the morning. ; 