THE SOUDAN EXCITEMENT. (From the Argus.) A review of the New South Wales contfa' gent was held In Moore park, Sydney, on Saturday afternoon, and was witnessed by fully 50 000 people. The- troops marohed from the barracks In four companies, and went through battalion drill and marohing in square. The various evolutions were well lerformed. The Governor, accompanied by and General Scratohley, was present. Church parades of tbe troops were held on Sunday, but from various oanses many members of the contingent did not put in an appearance. The parades were not compulsory, and this being their last Sunday in Sydney, many of tbi troops wished to spend the day with their families and relatives. About a dozen attended tbe ssrvice at the Wesleyan Churoh, in Bourke street. Shortly afterwards 160 marched out from the barracks in silence in consequence of the death of a comrade.. The majority of them attended the 1 special services at St. Andrew's Cathedral nnder the command of Major Morris and Adjutant Bartlett; the remainder, being Roman Catholics, attended at St. Mary's Cathedral under Lieutenant Keating. Both Bishop Barry and Archbishop Moran preached discourses appropriate to the occasion. At tbe Jewish synagogue on Saturday the Rev. A. B. Davis referred in the course of hie address to the .departure of the contingent. The Primate has contributed £50 to the Patriotic Fund. A farewell dinner was given to Colonel Wells by the members of the Syd. ney Club on Saturday evening. There was a large and representative attendance, including most of the officers of the contingent. A supplement to the Government Gazette has been issued, directing that the New South Wales contingent shall be called the New South Wales Infantry, and notifying .the appointment of the officers. Colonel Roberts is to take the command of the military forces of the colony in the absence of Colonel Richardson. (From the Telegraph.) There is no abatement of the enthusiasm which found expression throughout the colony when first the offer of the New Sontb Wales Ministry to supply troops for active service in the Soudan was accepted by the Imperial Government. It is really the only subject of discussion, all questions of domestic policy and local administration having paled . their ineffectual light, and the champion boat race having virtually been forgotten In tbe exoltement by" a very large section of the community. Indeed, the air Is surcharged with aneodotes and reminiscences of war, Bnd the whole" population of the metropolis IB agog with anxiety, admiration, and regrets. The publio thoroughfares are thronged day and nlgh't with visitors from the country. The military camp where tbe troops are barracked is visited by large crowds of all sorts and conditions of people, and the commandant's offioe is constantly besieged by parents, relatives, and friends of the men who have enlisted, who importune and use every other means in their power to prevent headstrong youngsters from running headlong and thoughtlessly into dangers the character and extent of whloh they bad no adequate Idea of when they volunteered. The war fever, as I have Bald, Is paramount everywhere, and there is little- or no prospeot of a resumption of peaceful and progressive business until tbe contingent haB departed from these shores for tbe scenes of future glory and renown. The new features in connection with the undertaking cause people to think and deliberate, withont, however, developing signs of reaction. A number of little children waited upon Mr Dalley on Saturday, and gave him £15 10a 3d, collected among themselves, to be devoted to the patriotic fund. [BECTER'S TELEGRAMS.] SYDNEY, MONDAY. The arrangements for the embarkation of troops bave been oompleted. The contingent will be accompanied along the entire route of procession by 600 seamen and marines. The whole proceedings will be of a very imposing charaoter. At the Circular Quay the troops will be addressed by the Governor. A telegram has been received from Mr Stuart convejdng his best wishes. (From the World.) As the line of route embraces a good deal of the tram lines, all tram traffic will be stopped on the line during the march. No wheel or horse traffic will be allowed either on the route or within 30 feet of the same in streets intersecting, or within 100 yardB of the rear of the troops. The roadways will be wholly required for the troops, cavalry, and mounted police escortB, and spectators must confine themselves to the footways, The troops are to maroh straight on board, and directly the last man is on, it is said that it will be " up anchor." SPECIAL PRAYERS OF INTER- CESSION. The following special prayers, drawn np by the Bishop of Sydney, were need at tbe special service at St. Andrew's Cathedral on Sunday:—"O most glorious and eternal God, the Lord of HoBts, in whose hand rest all the issues of war, we humbly commit to Thy righteous judgment the cause of our dear country in this her hour of trial. Send down, if it be according to Thy gracious will, such blessing on our arms in Egypt that the clouds of danger may be scattered before us, and tbe light of peace and happiness be restored; and grant that we, acknowledging Thee as the giver of all victory, may strive to use our power, as a trust from Thee, for the advancement of Thy glory and the welfare of all the people of the land. Through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and tbe Holy Ghost be all honor and glory, world without end. Amen." " O God, who hast taught us by the hour of trial to'draw closer the bonds of brotherhood, and to rejoice in claiming our share in the dangers and the destinies of our nation, bless, we beseech Thee, with Thy gracious favor and protection, those who go forth willingly from these shores to serve our dear old country in her time of need. May Thy fatherly hand ever be over them I May Thy Spirit of righteousness and mercy rule their hearts 1 Bring them back, if it be Thy will, in peace and safety, and, whether in life or in death, may Thy blessing rest upon tbem, for the sake of Him who gave Himself for our salvation, Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." (From the Herald.) By permission of the commanding officers the non-commissioned officers of B Battery, St. Kilda Artillery, have Bent the following telegram to the senior non-commissioned officer of the New South Wales contingent for the Soudan:—"The non-commissioned offioers, B Battery, St Kilda Artillery, wish non • commissioned offioers, Soudan contingent, God speed. Though not with tbem in person we are in spirit. (Signed) G. W. MAT, Quartermaster - sergeant, for N.C. Officers of B Battery." Mr Dalley, the Acting Colonial-Treasurer, on Monday reoeived the following telegram from Mr Stuart, who is at present in New Zealand:—" Please convey to embarking troops my highest appreciation of the noble manner in which by willing service they bave responded to your invitation. The eyes, of all the colonies are upon- tbem, and our confidence 1s unbounded that they will not disappoint the high expectations formed, but will bring honor npon New South Wales, and show , the world that England's sons . are ready to rally round ber when occasion requires. May every success attend them. My personal thanks and good wishes to the officers and men. Many in New Zealand would gladly join them." Subscriptions continue to flow in, and include£100ayearfromMr Murray, of Milroy, £50 from the Primate of Australia, and 850 mosquito nets from the ladles of the oolony. Offers to join tbe force are still being made. Two deserters from the artillery bave returned and begged to be allowed to go to the Soudan. They have been forgiven and enrolled. 