V.R.C AUTUMN MEETING. Saturday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT) Heavy, rain fell all night, though the moon was near the full and we thought as we turned in our narrow bed, and muttered [?]gations at the splash, splash of the steadily falling showers outside, that 'Byron Moore's -luck was out of joint, and that we were'abeut to experience that \- dullest'-of all-enjoyments; a wet race day at Flemington. .Towards- midday, though, things brightened up a bit, and the * afternoon proved breezy and balmy. The attendance at the course was "much loss than, usual dn Leger Day, and the ladies-were -mostly attired .in rich walbing- coßtumes, without much ornamentation. • His Escellehoy the-Governor waß present, but ; without his lady, and about one-sixth only, of :the stand-was occupied, the bill being meagrely patronised.. -Both, the .fields and- the—racing, proved to be good, and an enjoyable afternoon was spent. The first event was , Kssenbon Stakes. Mr W. Pearson’s b h Comm-ition. 9it 31b (Power) • 1 Mr J. O. Inglis’bh Malua, 9n 3!b(Rober:son) .. rZ Mr S Martin's be Reginald, 8-tllb (Bowes) -. ... '3 Plausible, Off-Colour, and Metal also started. Betting—s to 4 Malua, 6to 4 Commotion, ■ 3 to l.Off C010ur,.4 to 1 Reginald, sto 1 Plausible. Off Colour was first away, with Commotion; Malua, Reginald,-- and Metal in company.; last. At the.bridge.the field, closed up Bomewhat, but no .alteration occurred in their respective position's. -At the sheds the -favorite began to movo up, but, though-he made a- mag* nifieent ruah in the straight, be was unable-to catch his grand rival, who had assumed' the lead' at the turd, and finished two lengths behind him, Reginald securing third , place from Plausible by a head. Time, 2 min. 47 sec. - The Ascot Vale Stakes. Hon J. White’s borbr I Uralla, Bit 7lb (Ellis) .. 1 Hon. J. White’s bl or g Monte Christo, Bst-101b ' (Bales) .. ' .. .. ... ~ 2 Mr A_ K. Robertson's b c Dunlop Bst lOib (Moor’e) .8 Antonio, Buttress, and -Lady Claudia also’ started; Betting—fi to -4 on Monte Christo, 5 to 1 agst 'Brails,' 6 to si agst Dunlop and iady Claudia. The whole got woilaway, Lady .Claudia and Dunlop showiog prominently, Antonio lying close up. At the turn into the straight, Monte Christo came through, . and., appeared to -be coming home an easy winner, but at the carriage paddock bis stable, companion 'Uralla began to draw upon him, •whileDunlop and Lady-Claudia, about two lengths behind, 'had a sharp set-to for. third place, the colt outlasting the‘filly,-while Uralla, in splendid style, shot past Monte Christo, and-landed a winner by a short neok -in 1 min. 21J eoo. . Sr. :Leqer Stakes. Mr. J. Wilson’s Jjon.) b c silver King, Bsfdo;b (Jloore) ~ ... .. ~ j Mr S. Davis’ b e David Bst 101 b (Power).. .* 2 Mrs M. A. Brown's b c Mozart, Bst 101 b [Braith walte) ... ... .. Mm " 3 Tremando was' the snly other starter. Betting—Even about SilvorKing, 2 to -I Mozart, 3to 1 David, -10 to 1 Tremando. At the start Mozart and David were -first away, but imme diately after SilverKiDg ran into second plaoe and Mozart dropped back a bit, Tremando being last. Before reaching the stand the second pair had pulled rein a bit, and the order was -David first, Silver King a length behind, and Mozart five more behind, followed by Tromaodo. At the- river turn the four‘closed together, and Silver King challenged David and headed him, the other dropping back'to at least si-x lengths behind as they went along to the bridge. Here David took command, Silver King close np. and Mozart and Tremando -came up to within a couple of lengths, but did not reach the leaders. At the abattoirs Silver King passed -David and again led, and the lot come along well together to the sheds, where Tremando came with a rush, but failed to improve ihis .position, dn the straight Mozart made an effort to get past the heels of Silver KiDg, but was not speedy enough, and a fine race was won in 3 minutes 32£ seconds by a short neok, Mozart third, being at David’s flank. Newmarket Handicap. Mr D M. Robertson’s b h Coronet 7se (Cracksell) 1 Mr A Harvey’s b or br h Midilemircb, Bs'.4ib (Flannagan) .. .. .. .2 Mr B. «. Talbot’s br h Sheet Anchor,-7.-1 ,7b (Williamson) .. .. „ .. 3 Welcome Jack, -Garfield, Baitailous, -Sir Garnet, Blink Bonny, iPrometheus, Coningsby, Duenna, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia Victoria, Salvo, St. John, Alphabet, Velocipede, Mascotte, Town Moor, Lavington, .Zantippo, Bohemian, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Lonise, Leporello, Ciaudine, also started. Bet ting—Coronet, 5 to I; iPrometheus, .7 to 1; Sir Garnet, 8 to 1; and 12 to-1 others. Considerable difficulty was experienced in getting so large a field together, but at length Mr Watson gave the signal. Welcome -Jack, Battailous, and Sheet Anchor seemed to have slightly the best of it and in the straight Velocipede made a rush but failed to get into the first division, while Coronet, full of running, easily shook of Sheet Anchor, and won easily by nearly a length. Middlemarch .who came through on the -middle post passiDg Sheet Auchor for second place. Time, 1 min 191 seo. The Hopeful Siaker. Mr J. B. TotblU’s b f Juanna. Bst 7ib (Hutchings) J Mr A Boyle’s ns b f Girofls, Bst-71b(De.vaney) .. 2 >Mr Jacobs’ b c Sunny Days. Bs'. 71b (O’Brien) .. 8 Abner, Matchlock, Remus, Fernside, Man chester, Antonio, Wildrake, Warina, Mountain (.Lass, Meerschaum, and Brettorals started. Betting—s to 2 Matoblock, sto 1 Manchester. Matchlock died away immediately after the start, and the leading division, which included ‘Manchester, Meerschaum, and Fernside, came .along at a rattling pace, the latter under the -rails leading for about 50 yards. Near home Juanna and Girofla shot through in the -centre, the-.former winning a sharply contested race by Bbout three- quarters of a length, Sunny Days a good third, Fernside fourth. Time, 1 min. 4£soc. Brunswick Stakes. Mr J. S. Reid’s ch m Grace Darling, 7bt 41b .. 1 Mr-J. Redfearn’sch m Madcap, Su 91b .. ... 2 Mr G-, Glasscock’s ch h Distiller, gat .. ..3 Bardins, Odd Trick, Little Sister, Anglesey, Sirocco, -Duration, Stationer, Happy Thought, Mentmore, and Warfield also started. Happy Tbonght-was favorite at even money, 4 to 1 agst Madcap. At the start Grace Darling gained a slight lead, followed by Stationer, Sirocco, and Happy Thought, and at the bridge the latter led, with -Sardius second, but was soon displaced by Stationer, Sirocco oreepiog up into third place at. Happy Thought’s girths. Stationer led the field gallantly round by the abattoirs, bat ae they neared the turn into the straight Warfield and Madcap, joined the leaders, Distiller coming. up on the.inside. Happy Thought tired in the straight, and Grace Darling romped home with a couple of lengths to spare, Madcap second, Dis tiller third, .Happy Thought fourth. Time, 1 min. 16-secs. 