A STRANGE VOYAGE. BY W. CLABK BwssEUi, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Lady Maud," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," &c.; CHAPTER XXXVIL I SEARCH THE SHIP. It was the feeling of helplessness I have just written about that determined me to search the ship myself, it was all very well for the men to say they had looked everywhere; but if their hunt had had no more ' spirit than their language had shown concern for the -captain'a disappearance, then, to be sure, another and a most carefal exploration would be needful before I could satisfy myself that the woir&had; befallen the pooroldioan. The crew still hung about the wheel conversing. I was not well enough acquainted with the construction of the vessel's interiorto be able to undertake "a search over h<er so as to content me ; I therefore walked' up to the men and said, " My lads, I should like to hiave another look for the captain.- I don't doubt you made & close inspection; bat the loss of the master of this snip must prove a very .serious thing to all on board by depriving us of a navigator; and before, therefore, we make ujp our minds that he is out oi the vessel we might as well'-turn to and have another gobd-overhaul of her; for there's no telling what place yoa may have overlooked,' nor in -what strange hole or nook, supposing him to have been mad as you believe, he may have hidden himself." " Misther- Aubyn'a quite right," exclaimed the Finn. " Did you go inter der hold ? Did you look inter der shain-iockers ? Huv you been inter der after-peak V' "What's the good of looking into such places as them?' Baid the steward .contemptuously, pulling out a pipe and striking -a match, the name of which from the hollow of his hand threw its light upon the face of the Finn, who instantly reared himself with a backward movement from the wheel to get away from it. " I)e captain's det ash pork, dat vat I Bhay," exclaimed the German under-steward. " Any way," said I, "I mean to search the ship to make sure j and I should be glad if one of yod would lend me a hand to do so/' ." I'll go along with you," said Nipper, after a few moments pause all round. " Steward, wliere's the lantern you used ?" " You'll find it itt the pantry," answered the steward, who had seated himself on the grating, and WSB there smoking complacently and~8winging his lege. " You're bound on a useless errand, Mr. Aubyn. You'll-find nothing living below unless it's rats." A low hoarse laugh broke fromthe Finn at this. " Captain Moses Pipes has committed suicidfrca§+4aJ-^t9^55dy~overboard, as sartin as that there red hobject out yonder's the moon." " Shtill der's no harm lookin' for 'im," said , Grondahl. I walked - to the companion and Nipper followed jne. As we went down the etepB I •told him we had best begin with the cabin and examine ail the berths there, as though in fact ourp was the first search; for the manner in vtrhich the steward had answered the Finn's question whether the hold, chainlo«cker^ «M- -other places had been looked into satisfied me that the hunt the men had triads mart have been a very short and narrow one, maybe because they all believed the captain was overboard. Nipper fetched and lighted the lantern, and we went along the rows of berths, taking them one by one, and moving veryquietlyand speaking in whiBpers, as I did not want Miss Agnes to catch scent of what had happened until the night ^was gone and daylight was in the air to take courage from and hope. It made one mournful enough to see all the belongings -of those Mends and companions of ours who had rowed away to the wreck scattered about the berths as though the owners were on deck and would come below shortly.. In the Inglefield's cabin there was a handglass and a pair of iyory-b&cked;_hrushes, looking as if they had been nut down in a btirry—I cau't tell you why; Dut that was their suggestion to me, and in a flashup stood the stoat figure of Mia Inglefield, and I saw her backing and filling before the glass as she figged herselt out for the strange and miserable excursion to the holL One found dresses too hanging up here, and the colonel's coats and trousers; and anaer the bunks and in corners of the ,l>erth there were portmanteaus, bonnetboxes, trunks, and so forth. It was the same •with Edwards's and Hornby's berths, and the compartments in which the mates had slept; they were all as they had been left, and there was something so natural and life-like about these interiors, their aspect—with a coit thrown into a bunk, a pair of shoes on the -deck, an open book, the unmade bed of one of the mates with the indent of Ms form fresh upon it—I siy their aspect so persiiaded one that their occupants had only just quitted them, that I positively found it harder to realize the loss of Mr. Edwards and the others, stale as that loss now was, than that Captain Pipes had disappeared. He was assuredly in none of these berths, nor in his own; yet the search here caused me to take notice of one fact—that there were very many valuable things amongst the luggage belonging to the missing party. As an instance, I saw in Edwards's berth, with its lid raised—whether so left, .or whether since done, I could not say—a very costly and beautiful dressing- case, that literally shone in the lantern light with its gold mountings; all that he had for his toilet use was equally valuable in its way; and when I observed that Hornby appeared to be pretty nearly as well off in snch foppish elegancies, and when 1 considered the jewellery the ladies had no doubt brought with them, and the value of the contents of the boxes and portmanteaus, taking them all round, including my own baggage, for I was not wholly destitute either—why, faith, the sense of the character of the fellows who formed the crew of the ship came upon me with a harder blow than the thought had yet administered, and a mighty misgiving seized me that Miss Agnes and I had only been preserved from going on board the wreck with our friendB in order that we might encounter experiences of another, and as it mighc turn out a worse, kind yet than that hull had been the theatre of. However, I took care to preserve a composed face and to talk very quietly to Nipper, whom I was by no means unwilling to think well of, though one could never guess how the influence of the others might work in him. " We may as well make an effectual search of the ship," said I. " I may take it that the men didn t hunt very far." "Why, no," he replied; "the two stewards overhauled these hfte berths and the rest looked about the decks. Since he's not in the cabin, I don't think you'll find him anywhere else; but I'm quite willing to help you to Bearch; for, as you say, if the captain's gone it'll be a bad job, as we don't want no" —he checked himself with a hurried glance round, and holding up the lantern, said in a different voioe, " Where shall we look next, sir?" " We may as well try the lazarette," I answered. The hatch leading into this part of the hold was under the after table. It was closed, and it was impossible to suppose that if Pipes had descended through it he could have closed it after him. But then I was resolved to examine -every part of the ship. I had mads up my mind to consider the old fellow as mad and extremely cunning, and until I was certain he was not in the vessel, I determined to act upon this theory of him and to omit no hole or corner. Nipper dropped below first, and I followed and found myself in a compartment well stocked with provisions for the ship's use, casks, coils of rope, and so forth. It was extremely hot down here, and after crawling and peering about for a few minutes _my underclothes were soaked through with perspiration. The lantern light flung many a fantastic shadow on the skin of the ship, and often I'd catch myBelf starting at what exactly resembled the outline of a human form skimming along the sides or overhead, whilst I'd see Nipper's eyes gleaming like embers in the shine upon his face, and he'd come to a sudden stand with a fearful staee abreast ef him, or into a dead black corner over my shoulder. The belief that the skipper was drowned caused the search for him in the shin's dark inside to put a fancy of ghosts into dipper's head ; I am pretty sure of that; his eye was bright with superstition; and he never shoved his •cose round a coil or warp, or peered over between a coqple of casks, without suggesting by his manner that if a phantom suddenly .uprose, he was always standing by to sing out and run away, though the noparition would be nothing more than he expected j The skipper was not ia the lazarette, and .we were pleased enough to scramble but of the place, I to escape the intolerable heat, .and Nipper because there remained so much less of the ship to.explore. There was a door in the cabin bulkhead that led to the halfdeck, and from this place the 'tween-dscks lay right away op^n, a long dear sweep of empty space, to as far as the forecastle bulkhead. The light breeze held everythieg steady on deck ; the ship floated without a creak or a strain upon the smooth water % and the silence along the cavernous interior, with the shadows drawing away from the pale glare of the lantern into an ebony darkness that prevented one from iaia^iniag to what distance this hollow sps-<e penetrated, conld not have been profouader had the ship been resting, a green and glimmering phantom, npon her keel firethousand fathoms deep. fj?' „ , , ... ,. . , ^ i We walked along, nothing stirring bat oar ' shadows in the swing of the lantern light and dusky Sittings upon the skin or walla of the Ehip, past the mainmast, and ehiiu-lockerg and pumpcaEing, till we were stopped by the forecastle bulkhead; then we returned and went down into the hold by a stanchion with bits of steps nailed to it, and here we found ourselves atop of the ballast that was piled up in a .great mound, the summit of which came close to the deck. It consisted of river shingle and big lamps of Bttme, jand looked by the light we bore a mountainous mass of stuff. There's no sign of him hereabouts," said Nipper, holding the lantern high and peering round. " Well go right aft first,"I.answered after a long siuvey of as much of the surface of the ballast as I could see; and down we trudged, gritting and crunching to tbe after-hold, that was full of old lumber, warpa, dunnage, and the like. We were deep in the water here, with theJie]^jiJslose_under.ourJe^.and thg. 8 tern post, with the rudder-hanging just beyqnd, against our ears, so to speak ; yet the etillnesa was unbroken; it was wonderful ; it .made me contrast it in fancy with the roaring, boiling, crashing sounds, one would hear in this place in a gale, of wind, .the shock and wrench of the surge-beaten^ rudder, the creaking, grinding, and straining of massive timbers, above all the wildness and fierceness of the movements of this extreme' end of the hull now flungup to the brow of a towering sea, and now let fall into a hollow that lifted the white water swelling-to the main brace bumpkins. " Hush !" cried Nipper, standing stock still, and squinting past the lantern with rounded eyes at a huge warp. " What do yoa hear ?" I exclaimed, instantly excited. "Hell--alive ! what's a-comiag!" he yelled, making a spring backwards that would have stretched him flat but for his plumping with his stern against the mizzenmast. As he shrieked out jumped from I can't telljyou where five or six enormous rats; they ekurried past me, one slinging clean between my legs, bolted up the ballast, and in a breath were lost in the darkness. The light may have fiagniued them, or may be it was my own alarm; but I-.protest as they fledby they looked "more like' young..cats than rats. I have a greater horror of these animals than of anything else that moves on four feet; and for fear that there might be more of them knocking about, I called to Nipper to bear a hand and bring the lantern along, and made all the baste 1 could .to overhaul this afterhold for any signs of Captain Pipes. He's not in the thip, sir; yoa may be sure of that; he was made aaft by tbe loss of his passengers and men, and bas chucked himself overboard," exclaimed Nipper, whose nerveB had received a shock, and who waB anxiousto Cut'"this hunt shorty "I fear thatifc^!g-£g-^u*£ a y J ".1 replied. But Mncg-^re^e below we may as well look JSJ^Srd; it won.'t take us long to do so; and if. he's not there thenwe canhave;no further doubt as to what's become of him. Making no answer to thiB. he led the way forward, and I went stunibling over the ballast close behind himBO as to get all the benefit I could out of the lantern he held. We-went down the pebbley and stony slope into 'the fore peak, which we found'half full of coal, along with a heap of odds and ends, which there is no need to particularism, I stood looking and looking, but the place was as vacant, of Captain Pipes as the otheir parts of the vessel were, and with a sadden sinking of the heart, accompanied-vby - 'a . fediug of consternation, I climbed the stanchion leading to the fore hatch and gained the 'tween decks. . I cannot say that 1 had began this search with -the belief that Pipes had hidden himself ; yet I had Undertaken it not 'without a kind of nope j therefore 1 was sensible of great disappointment notf that we liad explored every part of the vessel, including the chain lockers; for I should have said that we peeped into them before we went into the aft hold; and : this emotion revived in me with threefold power that depressing feeling ot helpies«ness which had seized me when I had moved away from the men and. stood alone looking upon the dark sea. We entered the cabin to get on deck, as all the hatches were I reached the-deck,-1 found the men where. I had left them,' gathered about .the wheel, that was etill graspfil by Grondthal; they looked as though they were waiting for me to arrive and tell them the result of my search. The moon had vanished, but the dusk was finer and clearer than it had been when she was sinking; one could see outlines plainer; there was even a kind of sharpness in the edges of the sails spreading out square and' dim-into the darkness,' ana I could faintly make out the faces of the men. Many of the stars shone with the brilliance and ardencyof fire, and, the breeze Still blew mild and steady, gushing softly out of the gloom astern into the canvas, and giving the ship way enough for her tothread the Droken starlight in the water beyond her counter with a vein of green sparkles. " Well, sir, no luck, I allow ?" exclaimed the steward, rising as I approached from the grating and coming close to hear me. "No," said I; " Captain-Pipes is not in the ship." The Finn gave a .grant that might have signified anything; and the understeward cried, " Det ash pork ; dat's vot / say." " Where did you look, Charley 2" enquired Eye addressing Nipper. " Look ?' exclaimed Nipper;why, whereever a chap could shove his nose." "I suppose you're satisfied now, sir," said the cook to me in his usual sulky voice. "You're willia' to believe your own eyes, anyhow." I took no notice of this, and addressing them generally, said, " Well, the captain's gone; there's.no doubt about that; and here we are without a head, without a navigator. Is there anv man among yoa that can use a sextant?" There was no reply, though I saw Nipper shake his head. " I'm no sailor, as you know," I continued, " and have no knowledge of navigation. I understand dead reckoning, and might make shift to shove the shio along for a port by means of the log" " But what port are we a-goin' to be bound to?" interrupted the cook. "I've had enough of able seaman's work. / signed for the galley, and as this here ship's turned oat the most sickening job as ever a man had anything to do with, I'm for cutting the bloomin' woyage short, leaving nowt but the tail and chuckin' the head and shoulders overboard." " We couldn't do better," said L " It vas me ash recommended der shkipper to shteer for Pernambuco—you remember, Miehter Aubyn ?" exclaimed the Finn from the gloom into which he towered at the wheel. " Dat vas because ve vos very shorthanded. Veil, he tretten me vid his revolver," here he gave a glim unpleasant chuckle, "und say he vould carry der ship to England. Dot vould not be treating us ash men, by Gott. But he has trowned nimshef und ve are our own mashters und can stheer der ship to hell if so be ash d&t; course please as." Eye and the understeward and the cook laughed loudly. Well I remember that harsh mirth and the uncanny echo of it as it floated forward on the breeze and came down out of the hollowed sails. " That port may suit yoa, Grondhal," said Nipper; " but I'm for steering for some place where life ain't all posperation, and where, when you're tired of dancing, there's no pitchforks to compel ye to go on cuttin' capers," " For God's sake, men, let's discuss this matter seriously," I exclaimed, afraid that if they cot joking about it they would fall into a reckless and audacious vein and settle upon Bome scheme of a desperate nature; for I well knew what sailors are, and how "chaff" amongst them will lead to horseplay, and horseplay to defiant resolutions, which carry them heaven knows where when they are free, as these fellows were, to follow their own inclinations. " If you'll tell me to what port you're all agreed we ought to carry the vessel, I'll go below and consult the chart and see if lean make out a coarse to the place." " What's the nearest port—that's the question ?" grumbled the cook. " Vy, Pernambuco. Sphlitmy vind, Joseph, you ought to know dat, man," exclaimed GrondhaL " Then let'« steer for Pernambuco; that's what I say J" cried -the cook. " I'm sick of the woyage. I'm sick of the ship. I'm sick of the sea; and I'm for getting ashore as fast as hever we can get the wind to blow this cusssed old hooker along." " Ifm for Pernambuco, too," Baid Nipper. " There's no call to go on mucking about strivin' to Bail the ship to England, when we can make a quick and heasy job of it by beadin' .her to the westward." "What about the salwage?" exclaimed Eye. "Salvage!" answered the steward; "there's no salvage-here, mate. You'll only be sailing of the snip-you belong to, doin' of your duty by her; there'd be no savin' of her. Think of Eye talkid' of salvage !" and he burst into a laugh. " Den are ve all agreed to shail to Pernambuco?" demanded Grondhal. There wss a general affimative murmur. " Den praps Mishter Aubyn viii not mind going below," continued the Finn, speaking very civilly, "und look at der chart, and find out der course," " I'll do the best I era ia that way," I replied ; " and whilst I'm below will yoa settle among yourselves how the work of the ship is to be earned- on ? So Jar as I am concerned, I am completely at your service for asy duties I am capable of performing. I will keep watch, pull and haul, go aloft, and do K-hat I can." "'Yes, we'll talk that business over whilst yoirre below, sir," said Nipper. I waited to the companion hatch. In the act of descending I heard Eye exclaim. " It's tirin' work discussin' polities in a man's watch below. I wonder what sort o' flavev the cab jo body's got V I paused to bear whit followed. The cook said, " What d'ye need to sckreech out your notions for, you blazin' fool? d'ye want 'em to hear yon m the City o' London ? what's left of the cabin luBh is to be qaietly habstracted 1 guess, and let them -as is out of the ship get the benefit of having drank it. Eh, steward ?' , There was a short laugh, and then Grondhal said something about Pernambuco; on which I descended into the cabin. 