WA8 IT MURDER? 94e authorlticw are, it appozrs, vory rauoh in doubt m to tho tinth of the ojnfcstioa ot Baiurs, ths sslf-aocnscd murdorsrof thalakt Jk B» Blaofc. The polico, like (ho public, aro divided In optolon as to whether a murder wai i committed at all, and tiooo thul' msdtual msu who have examined Barnes havo made up ttte minds thai bo is only toigoiog Insanity, most persons are inclined to think tuat Slack cwraittod soiofdp, and that Barnes's confes sion is simply a 1 dudgo " to get a temporary inliet from the item pnnismflot of Ihodivi- etett in whleh bo was confined. It is, tbirefore, wsrth while to onnsider the question— Did Joseph Bragge Slack commit suicide, or was ho murdered ? I think it requires but a vory htiof voReotion and reviow of ono or two cir cumstances to force oce to the occviotion that il was a oaie of murder. The conduct of the Inquest was one of the moat routine affaire possible. Amen, woll known (orbiBcooen teioperaisteooy io bolhiring the law coaiks, Is found one day in his house with bis thro it nt, a bloody razor Rrasp6d in his hAnd. As Ibsie were uo 8'gna of a alrugh it appareutly was not found nioefsary to it qqire either whether any valuable property hoddieap peered, or whothar tbo dead man had onuss, or was likely, to havo made away with him himself. No, bo was eecontrio ; therefore, he most have destroyed bimsUf, bsing of unsound mild. Bat what was tho extent of Slack'3 oeentricity or ii.>8ntty ? It was simply hat which posstsics niae-teutha of the aasueoesaful suitors io our law court, viz., a firm-set eonviotiou tuat ho did not got justice. Keaily every man who' gets the wtrat of it at law believes tba same thing. Most mtu havo lo "giin aod bo«r it," bat Slack woo cot ono I that sort. Ho mode the law courts riog with hie real or imvgicary wrongs, conducted hie own cores, and bullied tbo judges; weat to prison rather than hold his t ngce, and was Toted a nnisanoo. His ecosotricity ooosiitcd hi his poisdesing "griov«nQss" against tbo law, and bull-dcg aetermioaticn and tauaaity of pnrpoao ; ho wis retolved to have bis wren.? righted, not by lo;oc, but by promises of law, earele.s uf what judges, batrretors, proes aod poblio thought of him. Ho way eoo?ntrlc, became bo waspbenomesally coaregoous ; but he was by to means mad. Hud tbjto been inwnity in that reetlese brain, tuore bad bceu a vooancy cn tfce Supreme Court B noh lorg pro this The ' suiciot" would have majo a douhlo crime of it, and- nhot one of tho judgus firri. Sadb, ioBbno, or socantrio, Slack would sot havo committed Buioide without loavi&g; btbiud him a Imt dytng speeoh aud o.>ntessuu awing, for the fi'tieth his grievuno- s anu uenouueing the law sndtho jdgoashic mm deters. The abeence of any eorap of wrilirg tf this kitd is p?rba|9 the etroog/s; possible evidence against ths tnoory ot suicide; and ytt, if I remember rightly, this singular cfcroami-uooe presd absolutely without Ov'in- w/nt ht the inquest ! Two other circnmitasoe, tbe fiiSt of tktm noted at tho time and the second hitb&rlo; Docoricej, go far to u?gativo tbe rappesitien ot suicidp. 1. The r«i.'r wai found clutched iu Slack's Kft bnud— tho gash In his throat was a fearful aud determined ooe— and Slack war a ripht barded man. 2. When found, the boay wau uofimsed to ths shirt, and io bed. Mott who dro-cn tir.m- s.-lves often leave their clothes upon th i book fa stream as a clno to their fate; but whoever heard of a man deliberately stripping him»el', getting into bed, after leavicg nls rooxi "without ar.y traces ofastruggli/'nud outtiog bis threat frtm ear to ear, using hiahrit, hii wesker hand, for tho bloody p irpoad ? The more supetficial advocates <-£ the suicid theory Uy rer.t stress upou tbe fnct that the razor was firmly clutccc-d in the dead man's baud. This if the shUl.west of reasouicg. Tho " arraagmenti' of tire limbs of corpses is a matter of ovecy oay occurrence. Tbe eyes and the mouth &rs; closed, and the bands erntsed upo-i tbo ureast, whilst tbe bedy is yet warm. Suieiy there ure few, even in the police f< re.', who havs not beard or read the "Briige uf Signc," tni noted the poot'e reference to this peculiarity known to everybody " 'Ere her liinks frigidly Stiffbu loo rigidly Duccotlv, kludly, Baootb and coai-vse Ihcm— Aafi her eyes, doss iheax" The last and the most important coiudvra tlOB as to whether a murder had been commit- I ted or not, wts that of plunder, Slaok livd ilece, and may bava had u g-od (tail of aocey in the bouse unknown to tbe police, This ef course oculd not be traced, but oretain valuable jewellery which bo was known to poetess were fenud pawned, although the Ki won who pawned them oould not be 'mified with any great certainty, We have thus: — L The extreme improbability of a mis, who never felt deleted, and who had ouly a short ttae before gaired come legal triumphs, rothinc hastily out cf tbe world. 2\. Tbe abaenoe of auy letter, such as he would oertainly write before doatb. denouocing law, lawyers and the world generally. 5 The onneoeiBtry trouble of stripping him- SUM and going to bed. A Tbe extraordinary supposition that a riibt-haoded man would use his left bend when catting his throat with a razor. J And 5. The disappearance of oirtsm jewellery. Whether money was takes or wet cannot be definitely ascertained. In otd- wqueooe of the deceased's lonely habits. A®y oce of Ncs. 2, 3 or 4 would be eufBsunt n raise strong presumptive sridouoe against thfr'suppcsib'on ofcuicide. Tuken altogoihee, aud in coojonotion with tbe other cireum riaacea msntiooed, 1 think it impossible to arrive at any other coucluriou but that Joseph . Bxsgge 81ack was murdered, So far, I havo only be«n ouorraed to ahow, what I firmly bwhv, that the dead man was murdered. When I proceed to ooniidor who the murderer war, I ooefeis that I and much moro difficulty. Srif-acousrinon when mode by a goouice madman is not re liable, end seU-secuBati'in b7 o pretended mad- man mart havo eomn deep-set purpose, and is t iti ell worthless, Let ub then kok at a few drcuicstancee aw.ay from bis confession, and we how far they fit in as corroborations Could Barnes hnve committed the murder ? M?t of Wstiroe here has beenBp/nt in gpol, but it is a Bigmnoant circumstance that became out o! Pentridgs come little time before the dcte of lb, mnider, H» is tepnted, aod iadtoi h!« reeord shows him to b», a moat expert burglar robbery (rom G verBment Hon«o and hie other mieaeed?, ihow him to be as bold and asriog as he Is expert. He is not one of your ordinary criminals, but a man who winks, and thinks all bis ohancea out. jHavirg, to prevent ditowery, committed a murder, h Mould hot fl/ in terror zzx\ %C9 bad taken a. many precautions „b pteefblo to aid. what would be traces at hie orime. To mak, it appjar that a lonely oooentric old man S,„ 5> niinltted .uieide would bs hia fint ttengbt Evan if tb. murder was hasty and un- Vnaeditated, tbo eery instrument which ha u n?"1 Ul,.<leatl mam's razor, woull hXMte„M SSL's: itTIoaviSJ W wmooiag e> . we supoTf! err - - -seotiver, or police who wire .d-ornca to deol with ordiuary crimiaala Hack's known eooectrieity would supply nfE- dent motive for jtlo dt sc to a haitily em- funeltedoovoneri jory.growUog at tbe unpaid- or loss o! time, and arxiooe to get took to tbete JHUlsMie). Bamea'e incoherent tarings (real at ftigxe!) In Peotridge put the dsteeiivu nffioieutly on the track to enable them to trace aomoot tbe jewellery to the pawnshop, Whether Bstnes pawned it or not is of rq tCnnquBcce. It was pawned s'nee SUnV'- 1 Mhatb, and Barnrs knqw jt " . ADd !H.wtooialoo» ot th. sviit puzzliu rddenta In eonneotioo with this prietol cave. Ta bis oenfewfon the ulf-uttused murderer dsolares that he raorired some pavtloulars from one who was in Feetridge the same time. 9bis te Btrenuouely denied by the other, wheev mazva 1 need not mention, as I certainly tolisvo his aisertion before that ot an habitual criminal like Barneu. But this f«llow-pris?ner admits tba be knew Slack well, and that there were monetary transactions between them, In which it is implied tbatl Slack was erode doep otAga- .Aiozs to bis friend. This would be corrdfltth- km of Birues'a statement, only that ttimi7|6i oiienmstanoM rsnderiog Htimprobable. T®s I'Dow- prUoeor was cot on otdinary eriminsL Whether be was guilty of tbe c ffsnco for wbioh be was ooarioted I do not pretend to ear, but bat vffeoeo was one that might have besn com mitted nndt pros tore of circumstanoes and to eave hie credit. Up to tbe time of his oou- ribtioc, ha was a highly res posted, w«H -known ! nn in a Urge way ot busmen. Feeling his Hsgraoe acutely, he would bo a reserved man in prison and not nraoh given to eon verse with, much leas to confide family matters to a com mon burglar. This very reserve wcnld bo Ifkesme to him aud tend to mako him moody, ' ffretlers and discontented. Such a man would |alk to himerlf in the solitude of bis oolL He would also to ape to talk in bis sleep. Hit OilL I think it was stated, was noxt to ftbas of Barnes, I should parenthetically observe that I am speaking from a recollection of tbsdiffirent newspaper report, Now sap- posing this fallow prl/ossr to have been forced into what tb law regarded <s a crime, through stress tf eircumifasose whloh mirht not have arisen bad Slack been able to repay bis obi'ga- \- tlcns to him or bis family, it Is not' unreason. " ab?e to Jmppoes' Chat the unfortunate priauecj ttckncwirgly .talked aloud to himself or inh -y. a/eMpk lbs ourdea of his ropg having rafsrc/ "VvtCSlacbandB'oney maitnrs. This man w/ orimioal in toe other ctll would eather suffi cient about "Slack" and "uon y" to suggest tbe possibility ot robbing tbe old man. The export burglar once more at liho'ty, it wottid be uiesumed that he would at o >oo break into Slack's plaoe. Such a preicediog would be »n eaiy matter to him ; but it mu>t be remembered that ho was na'. an exp- et h«tHcbiralier, Ho wvuld havo to acqniro irme kcowUdge arout the old man, his hvoitr, his rui pos.d weatb, and his then rsiidenots Somn 1 1 these par tleulare coul.1 oaly bj ob- taiuod from Uok hiue«clf, not dirootly, psr- baps, but soffilis&tly; well, for tbe burglar's purpesp, The samps of infnrmation gained by accifcst in gaol could to utiluo l by a olevir scf ucfirel, and with some plautiblo story or icbemo Baruss would oall upon Stsok and learn sufficient tj help him iu hli uelsrious do- ligu. That there was romn previous acq uiot- . sicp fcotweeu the two I gather from the ravir-gsi?) of Barnes, from whioh it wtmM appear that Slaok togged for hi/ life. " Don't ruorder me, Bill," ohlltng tbe atsa'sin by Ms Christian nsme. I! t&sre; was this previous acquaintance tho door iaop.ucd for tbe sug- gi stion that the mnrder as woll as tbe butg- laty wns premeditated Bavnos would cor- tainly bo suspsoted of the burglary, but Slack out of tho way, uoous woull bav xoo.vn thit any burglary bad been oommittad. If ths criminal had worked out hia plan of suicide", stealiog a wzt would not havo boon a difficult matter to Bill," Thus, then, the care stands as affects Barnee A man is murdered, and the whole world dodares ita oasv of suicide aud straightway tiummee the tragedy from its miod. The p lioe mske no inquiries, for they aaopeet no Kul play, Suddtrl, uncur the meutal s.raiu of tolitAxy confinement— «nl what that must be to a busy brain of saoh perverted iogruaity &s; hU oan be imagioed- a notorious criminal becomes, or affects to to- oorcc, bam ted by tho ghost of bis victim. He makes inc<;h<-roDt coufessi-ns, which reault io seme of the jewellery beicg traced. Woat oon- clunion can be arrived at Out that Biruoa wvi privy (o tho mardur if hn did not notaall? com mit it, The pulice, bowevtr, a'sert that he was a man who never wcrkod with ao accom plice. Hsw they ditoovered that I kiowuot, but arsumicg such to be tbo o/s->, I fe«t that tbocgh an actual conviction might be riifB-nlr, tbero is but lulls moial doubt h«t William Barnes murdered Josoph Broggtt Slack. Tho ono difficulty in the way of gattiugtothis fixed conclusion la tbe medical ovideuoa regard ing BartPb'c sanity. Ho has been submitted to a eevpio " pbysical " test, and tbo dortor are satisfied that he is not insvne. This is cor roborated, I read, by tbe faot ttot he always shews adeiire to sp'jak of tbo murder, whilst it is aesveted by sxpcctr in lunacy that tbe oa« ctjoct an inraoe mau has in view h to avoid the eobjeet which preys npon biB miod. I do cot dispute the correctness ol this theory, but 1 am wry much mclmed to d<.abt it. I have not space, nor, for tbo matter cf that, ex- fMiipnue, to qoeflion tbo oortaiuty of " phy- sioal" tests fur " mental " disease, nor to give reasons for my doubt aa to tbe corrootoois of the arsertkn of tbe " experts." Whether tauo or insane, Barnes I believe to havo had some hand in tho mur der. If be is ireiKO, no one will doubt that bo wao guilty of tbo crime. If he is foigoicg ir sanity, bo txuBta to the impossibility of wheel ing the crime home to him, and the faot that he is found cot guilty will b a proof of his in sanity. Be is a bold, original, and daring man, and baa no doubt ooentsd upoq tbo pos sibility of bticg Lucd gulny. But he feels that this wonld again be proof of his inaaoitr. By tbe Erglisb law I think a lunatic found entity of murder, committed whilst sane, m- j legally be hung, but common humanity wouli revolt at such a baitority as the exeoatkn of a madman. If Baruea is ebammiug madness he ooontB upon this, viz., that a tri«l for murder, wli&tever; the ve/dict. w. old obtain for him an exchange from gaol to Innatio asylum, from which latter plice, when tho oircumataoors of the present bad blown over, escape would be comparatively sasy to tbe cold, oolonUtiag bi aid that ocoli conceive and carry out the murder ol poor old Slack. r. This letter has been in typo several days.— ED JT.J 