The Storyteller. Ishmael. CHAPTER XXXVI. BY M.E. BRADDON, AUTHOR OF "LADY AUDLEY'S SEORET, "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," ETC. "FOR, LO ! THE WINTER IS PAST." IT was nearly eleven o'clock. The lamps and Chinese lanterns of the festival in the Legitimist quarter made a glow of light above tho roofs and dormers of the sombre old houses, the lurid glare of a conflagration; whilo on every gust of summer wind there floated the music of a military band, softened by distance. The pavoment in front of the Clavaroche mansion was crowded with idlers, waiting to see the carriages drive in through the broad gateway, idlers who remarked audibly upon the costumes of the masquers, and tried to guess their indentity. The Baroness Clavaroche, gorgeous in a gown of yellow satin and point de Vsnise, was stationed in the vestibule of her salon of roses, an octagon room lined with palms and tropical ferns, the rich bloom of cactus, Cape jasmine, and orange flowers, receiving her guests as they filed past her to the ball-room. There were no announcements, mystification being the chief feature of the festival. The guests handed their cards of invitation to the groom of the chambers, who threw them into a gigantic Oriental bowl on a carved ebony stand which stood near the chief entrance. The Baron ess alone was unmasked. But later in the evening, when the duty of receiving her guests was over, she too was to have her share in the general bewilderment, provided always that in sharp eyed Paris there was a singlo mortal incapable of recognising that Flemish torso, and the peculiar setting on of the fair Flemish head. Baron Clavaroche, a fish very much out of water in the midst of the masked crowd, moved slowly to and fro among the throng in sober evening dress, over which, to satisfy his wife's fancy, he had consented to wear a small Venetian mantle of gold embroidered brocade He wore tho Legion of Honour, with its eagle in diamonds, not long received from the Imperial hand; and as ho circulated among his guests, masked among the crowd of other masks, he had the felicity of hearing himself, his wife, and his fortunes discussed in the free and easy way in which friends talk of each other under such circumstances. There is something in the very act of giving a grand entertainment which seems to put a man and woman out of court as it wero. Everyone finds something to criticise, something to condemn, something to grumble about. There is nothing so good that it might * Tho copyright of "Ishmael" for Queensland has boen purchased by tho Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. not have been better: there are no arrange ments so perfect as to be without a hitch some where ; and then comes the chorus of complain ings—"Did you ever see anything so badly managed as the entrance for the carriages?' "Wo waited at least an hour." "That avalanche of roses must have cost a fortune." " Nothing to people who mako money by the wholesale ruin of their fellow- creatures, as old Bourley made his." "He was at the bottom of the Mexican loan." "Morny." "Jecker." " Highway robbery under a new name." " The Baron himself had not a sous." " Married him for the sake of his title." " The supper is to be in a marquee at the end of the garden, five minutes' walk." " Pleasant, if the night should be wet." "Every sign of a thunderstorm." " Electric light sure to bo a failure" " They narrowly escaped a fiasco at the ball at the Tuilerics. Rather a daring experiment for Madame Clavaroche." "My dear, that woman's whole career is an experiment." These were the rags and scraps of conversation whicb greeted the master of the house as he moved restlessly from pillar to post, now gaxing upward at the festoons of summer roses, the dazzling crystal chandeliers, the innumerable wax candles, thinking of what his mother would bave suffered could she have seen the desecration of those noble old rooms, this riotous luxury, this wild expenditure on flowers and candles and decorations which would be swept away to the rubbish heap to morrow—she who had counted every sous, yet who at her poorest had scrupulously set apart the tenth of her income for charity, and had often exceeded that amount at the cost of her own comfort, nay, of almost the necessities of life. And, withal, she had been cheerful, and had delighted in those gray grave old rooms, and the few grave and gray old friends who occasionally assembled there. He thought of those parties of the past, to night, while the waltz of maskers swept past him like a mountain torrent, and the solid old oak floor seemed to rock under that rhythmical tread. He remembered the little knot of elderly men and women grouped in front of the old hearth yonder, now hidden behind a sloping bank of Provence roses. Here called the slow measured speech, the political discussions, the prophecies of im pending doom for this Imperial simulacrum, which seemed so fair and sound, and yet was hollow and rotten, and on the point of falling like a palace built out of a pack of cards. So, at least, the worthy adherents of Henri Cinq had gone on protesting for the last fifteen years. And now they were all dispersed, those shadows of the past; and the children of the Empire filled the room with their garish mirth, their turbulent pleasure. They flew in circles past him, a whirlpool of colour and brightness, a phantasmagoria of strange figures—Watteau shepherdesses, Mexi can postboys, Turkish generals, Spanish bull fighters, Swiss cowherds, Chinese mandarins, gipsies from wild strange lands between the Danube and the Baltic, potichinelles,fsu-follets, debardeurs, postillions of Longjumeau, brigands, coolies, abbes, sweeps, skeletons, harlequins, misers, Jews, sailors, demons—all revolving, circulating, changing places, like the chips of coloured glass in a kaleidoscope. The baron crept away from the ball-room in despair. He wandered through those lace draped doorways, under festoons of roses, wondering where they had carried the good old panelled doors, whether perchance they bad been carted off to be burned, as something demode in the way of architecture, and whether he was henceforth to live in a house without doors. No new change could surprise him after the changes that bad already taken place. His wife's taste and his wife's money had so transformed the good old house that there was not within its walls a single spot on which the baron could rest the sole of his foot without having his old habits, his old associations, outraged by the novelty of his surroundings. The violins and violoncellos, the flutes and hautboys, sank into silence within their gilded cagei, and that maelstrom of dancers and colours, gold and glitter, ceased its wild revolving. The dancers dispersed slowly in adjoining rooms, or in the garden where the summer moon was shining on a smooth lawn, on flower beds and fountains, and on the great crimson and white marquee yonder which was to open its doors at 1 o'clock precisely for supper. " Do you know if Lady Constance Danetree is hero ?" asked a Watteau columbine of a Mexican postboy, on whose arm she leant, as they paced the velvet lawn. "I have not seen her yet." "Do you think yeu would know her in a mask?" "Do I think I should know Juno if I met her on the boulevard ? Lady Constance ha* a walk and an air that no man with an eye for beauty could possibly mistake." "You admire her very much," said the columbine, with a faint sigh. Sho was one of the prettiest little figures in the show, dressed all in white and pale gray, like a china figure in biscuit and gris-ae-ftanders, powdered wig, white shoes, white frock, white gloves, with touches of gray satin here and there, and a gray velvet bodice that fitted the plump supple figure as the rind fits the peach. The postboy looked down at her with a mischievous smile playing round the corners of his moustachioed lips. The black velvet mask left the mouth uncovered. " I think she is the handsomest woman in Paris," he said; " but not half so fascinating as a certain little woman I know, who has much less pretension to absolute beauty but who is pourrie de chic." "She is very charming," said the columbine, whose every-day name was Amelie Jane, relieved by this avowal; "Ism devoted to her. Is it not strange she does not marry ?" "L'embarras dv choix," answered the post boy, otherwise Armand de Keratry. " She might marry any one, and sO she marries'no one." Armand and Ame-lie had been closer friends than ever since their adventure in the Quartier Latin. It is wonderful how a little escapade of that kind ripens friendship. There was a secret between them which served as a link. They could not hear of the Vicomte's poetry without exchanging stolen glances, or hiding together in corners to laugh at their ease. The more sight of the little man, with his faultless gloves and boots, his mean little sallow face and intolerable airs, set Amelie and Armand in a mutual fever of fun. And after a fortnight of this stolen amusement Armand de Keratry found out all at once that he had had enough of a bachelor's life in Paris ; that the existence was as banal as it was costly; that it would be an absolute economy to marry; and that Amelie Jarze, who had most of tho faults and follies of ber age and epoch, redeemed by good temper and high spirits, was tho one young woman in all Paris whom he would liketomarry. His proposal was welcomed by Monsieur and and Madame Jarzc, who had known him for years. He was not rich, but he had enough for existence, even in Paris; and he had expecta tions. Had there been any prospect of a higher bid for her younger daughter, Madame Jarzu's heart would have hardened itself to stone. But, this being the best chance that had offered itself after three years of active enterprise in the husband hunting line, Madame Jarze' melted into tears and drew the young man to her moire antique bosom before he was aware. "That child has always adored you," she murmured. " Do you really think so?" faltered Armand, who liked to think of a tender little soul look ing up to him with secret worship, watching for his smiles, living upon bis kind words. "Do you know, I had an idea at one time that Amelie was very much taken by your wealthy friend Monsieur Ishmael." "My dear Armand I How could you ?" exclaimed his future mother-in-law, who was already speculating on the corbeills, and thinking of the letters defairepart. "A man of at least seven- and-thirty—nearly old enough to be her father." Armand glanced at Monsieur Jarzc, gray, wrinkled, with a figure inclining to that of Punch, and thought there was a good deal of difference between the hypothetical parent and the real article. The arrangement was ratified—the dot agreed. It would be a drain upon the paternal resources, and might involve an appeal to the Jirivate purse of the emperor, a man of almost abulous generosity to his dependents. But to see that ceckle-shell barque, his younger daughter, moored in a safe haven Monsieur Jarze would have undertaken a task infinitely more difficult. And now Amelie hung upon her lover's arm with the proud sense of proprietorship. She was no longer a demoiselle a marisr, with keen eye ever on the watch for the chance of the moment, the sudden opportunity to lead a worthy victim captive. She had secured her victim, almost unaware*, and he wore his chains as if he liked them. That light nature of hers was easily made happy. A month ago she bad been miserable because Ishmael did not care for her. She had told herself that in losing the chance of a magnificent establishment sho bad also lost the one man of all others whom she could truly and fondly love. And now she told herself that the one man whom she had truly and fondly loved from the very dawn of girlhood was the man who was to be hor husband, and that her romantic admiration of Ishmael had been a mere caprice, a giilish whim, of no real significance. To-night, assured that her costume was a success, she felt that there wasnothing wanting in her cup of bliss. She would not be rich as Armand's wife, but she could be aristocratic. She would be Amelie de Keratry. That " de" made amends for much. She had always hated the plebeian sound of Jarxe-, tout court. Not so bappy was poor Hortense amidst the roses and the lights, the glitter and dazzle, of the fete. Clad in a flowing robe of purest white, with classic sandals, a wreath of oak leaves on her classic head, an oak bough in her hand, she represented a Grecian sibyl. It was a pretty dress in the abstract, and it became Hortense Jarze's style of beauty, but it was not a good costume for a fancy ball. The short skirts and neat ankles, tbe columbines, and Pierrottcs, and petiU chaperons rouges, and bergcres and dsbardeuses haa it all their own way in the dance ; and as there were a good many wall-flowers among the petite crevss, young-old men who vowed that they had given up dancing years ago, the dancers could take their choice in the motley crowd of dames and damsels, all masked, and therefore all on equal terms as to beauty. It was form and pace that told at Madame Clavaroche's ball. Vainly had Hortense sought her poet amidst the throng. That small frail Aguro misrht well be lost in such a crowd. And the Vicomte had left his intentions doubtful—would not say whether he would or would not bo present. He stigmatised the whole business as a folly —a mere parade and manifesto on the part of a vain, a purse-proud, woman who wanted all Paris to talk about her and her house. •• No doubt she thinks I shall celebrate her ball in a yoero," he said; "send her down to posterity as the giver of the prettiest fete of the epoch." "It would make a charming poem," said Hortense; " the crowd of strange costumes of all nations—the music and flowers and sum mer night—the myste»y of masked face-*. Do go to the ball, if it were only for the sake of writing about it" The Vicomte mused for a moment, and then shook his head. "It would not be worth the trouble," he said. "My muse is not inspired by chiffons." "But chiffons rule the world in our day," argued Hortense, who knew the poet's thirst for renown. "Granted that such a subject is beneath your pen, yet you must know that a poem of that kind, full of personalities, would set all Paris talking about tbe author." "It might," mused Ponchartrain, twirling the pointed end of his moustache with those delicately tapering fingers. "People always talk most about bagatelles. What a wonderful knowledge of the world you have, Mademoiselle JarzeV* " I have been obliged to endure my lifo in it for the last five years," she answered wearily. And now tho sibyl was there, but had not as yet discovered her Apollo. It was some time after midnight when Lady Constance Danetree's coupd drove under the porch. She had come very late, caring little about the festival, and anxious to avoid the block of carriages. She looked superb in a Venetian costume of dark red velvet, gold brocade, and black fur, a robe such as Titian or Moroni would have loved to paint. The ruff of old Italian point opened just wide onough to show tbe noble curve of tbe throat, and was clasped by a large square emerald of fabulous value, set with black pearls. Monsieur de K6ratry had been right when he said that a black velvet mask tvould go but a very little way towards disguising such a woman as Constance Danetree. There were not three women in Paris whose heads were set upon their shoulders with such a queenlike grace. The figure and bearing of this daughter of Erin were altogether exceptional. No mask could hide, no crowd efface, her. Other masks flocked around her an soon as she appeared in the ball-room. Every one recognised her. One man told her that she was either Titian's Queen of Cyprus or Lady Constance Danetree. She was entreated to dance. " Venetian matrons did not waltz," she an swered. "No, their little amusements were of a more Jnerious kind. They played at poisoning, and male Aqua fofana as modern children make toffee. But that is no reason why Lady Constance Danetree should not honour one of the most devoted among her slaves," urged an Abbo, with powdered hair and diamond ahoe-bucklcs. " I am not Constance Danetree, but a noble Venetian of the sixteenth century, and I have never learned the dances of the secend French Empire," she answered, sailing past him with a gracious bend of the beautiful head, undis guised by an ornament save a single string of pearls twisted among the m.issive plaits. She mingled with the crowd which lined tho ball-room, leaving only a central space for the dancers, and moving slowly onward, pausing from time to time to talk to friend--, or to watch the waltzcrs. And now a new sensation made itself evi dent among the throng. A suppressed titter, Bubju-.a-.ed as much as possible for decency's sake, circulated in that hall of fading roses, and glittering crystals, and myriad wax candlvs beginning to bend and gutter in their sockets in an atmosphere rapidly becoming tropical. A figure unseen till a few minutes ago bad inspired the whole room with a sudden sense of tho ridiculous. It was a female figure, suggestive of Rubens and the Lnuvro, recalling an apotheosis^ of Marie de Medicus; yet still more vividly recalling the nearer image of the Belle Helene. It was a lady in the full maturity of a Flemish beauty, fat, fair, and thirty, clad as the world is accustomed to see ladies clad across the footlights—but rarely without that intervening rampart. A woman on the stage is sacred as a priestess by an altar. She belongs to the world of art. She is a figure in a picture. She loses her individuality, and is only a part of a whole. But a woman parading a ball-room on a level with the eye, rubbing shoulders with the crowd, is only a woman; and in her case there is no excuse for a sin against womanly delicacy. " Tisns!" cried a toreador as the lady passed, leaning on tbe arm of an ambassador, " la belle Helens /" "HeUlne," said another; "mew pas trop belle." " Quelle brase de cftair humaine," whispered a Pierrot. " C'eslptusSchneiderqueSchneider," muttered a Roumanian gipsy. The fair being sailed on triumphant, hearing only a vague buzz of admiration. And now the band in the ball-room struck up the march from "La Grand Juchesse," aud a second orchestra bidden in the garden repeated the strain. It was a signal for supper and for unmasking. Helone and her ambassador led the way, and the throng followed; a dense procession of splendid and eccentric costumes, jingling bells, waving plumes, clashing armour, demons, houris, Turks, crusaders. Lady Constance Danetree, embarrassed by the numbers of her admirers, all entreating the honour of her hand, paused in the midst of a little circle, undecided which mask she should favour, Abbe\ Pierrot, Red Indian, Mandarin. Toreador, they all pressed round her, each hoping to be chosen, when the circle was suddenly broken by a man, taller than tho tallest of thorn by nearly half-a-hcad, a man with the red cap of Liberty on his dark short cut hair, and bis stalwart figure clad in the carmagnole jacket of '03, a costume that had a strange and almost sinister air amidst the satin and velvet, tho gold and spangles, the plumes and flowers of that glittering crowd. ' "If Madame will honour mo" murmured the mask, offering his arm. Lady Constance accepted it instantly, and passed into the moonlit garden on the re publican's arm, leaving her circle of admirers plantes la. " What a hideous figure !" said one. " The ghost of revolution and bloodshed," said another. " The police ought not to allow such a costume. It is much too suggestive for tbo temper of the age." " I should not be surprised if the gentleman himself came from the Rue de Jerusalem. Tbe policy of the Empire has not been to make us forget *93, but to remind us what a horrible era it was, and how lucky we are to escape a repetition of its terrors." The carmagnole, the red cap, the dark hair, the firm chin under the velvet mask, the tall figure and stately shoulders, the low resonant voice—not for a moment had Constance Dane tree doubted the individuality of this ghost of tbe fatal year of '93. Her heart beat fast and loud as she w.ilked by the unknown's side, across the moonlit grass—slowly, lingeringly, prolonging to the uttermost that brief journey towards the great marquee yonder, the canvas doors of which were drawn wide apart, revealing the dazzling interior—circular tables, diminishing in diameter towards the centre, circles within circles, on the plan of the Exposition, and'all the tables flashing with silver and many coloured glass, flowers, china, and all those artistic compositions in the way of pastry and confectionery which elevate cookery to a fine art. Tho banquet had an air of Fairyland under the electric light. The guests in their rainbow colours and tinsel and gems were croweling round the tables, filling in the circles, " I do not believe there will be room for us in there," said Lady Constance. "Do you think not ?" said the Carmagnole eagerly. " Would you rather ait here in the moonlight, and let me bring you some supper, or would it bo too cold ?" " Cold ! tho atmosphere is positive enjoyment after that tropical ball-room. If you do not mind the trouble I had much rather sit here." There were groups of rustic chairs and littlo Japanese tables scattered about in the cool verdant garden, and already some of these had been pounced upon by those couples who would always rather sup in a quiet corner tCle-u-ttte, were it never so cramped or inconvenient. The carmagnole selocted the pleasantest spot, a rustic bench sheltered from the nigbt wind by a group of magnolias, masses of dark shining verdure, with white goblet-shaped blossoms. Here Lady Constance seated herself, wbile the carmagnole went in quest qf supper. He had not far to go, the attendance was perfect, and he had a waiter at his command in a few minutes, arranging the little rustic table, bringing dclicatest dishes, and iced champagne in a great glass pitcher. F»-oni the marquee came a babel of voices. Masks had been just this moment removed. La Belle Helone, in the person of the Baroness Clavaroche, was in the central circle, welcoming her guests. Some of the greatest people in Paris were among that motley crowd. Not the Emperor, whose declining health was a reason, for his absence from any private festival; nor the Etapres-s, who had never taken kindly to Madame '.'iavaroche. But, short of the very highest, there was no splendour of name or title wanting to the Baronesi's ball. " 4. brilliant scene," said Constance, with her face turned towards the marquee. She hael not yet removed her mask, nor had the carmagnole. " And to-morrow there will be nothing left of it but a memory," he answered gravely. 4' Happy those for whom the memory will be linked with a face they love, not a mere garish Vision of arvangc faces and strange finery." " Will it be a sweet or a bitter memory for you, Ishmael?" asked Constance, •n-t.-'ingat him underthc laceborderof herraask. ""You kuow me, then?" he said, half sur prised. "Do you suppose that piece of black velvet across your face can hide your individuality? You would be a vory commonplace person if you could disguise yourself so easily." " You knew me from the first moment then !" ha Baid, laving aside his mask, loe»king at her with eyes dark with deepest feeling, as they sat opposite each other at the little supper table, half in moonlight, half in shadow. If Madame <Jl:uaroehe'a guests in general bad been as indifferent to the pleasures of the table as these two, the banquet, might as well havo been a stage feast of painted fruit and -empty goblet. Lady Constance had eaten half a peach, and her companion had emptied his Champagne glass, and that was all. The attentive waiter, seeing them preoccupie.i, whisked </f tho dainty little dishes to a table On tho other side of the garden, where a columbine and a Mexican postboy were clamorous for food. "Yes, I knew you from the first." "And ycu honoured me with your arm in "preference to those gentlemen round you—somo of tho most distinguished names in France." "I see those great people every day; and you aro a stranger. There is always a pleasure In novelty." She spoko in her easiest manner. Gracious, calm, beautiful beyond all other women in that •crowded sceno where beautiful women were •■any. But her heart was beating passionately. •She felt thiat this mau who had so long and so p-.rsistently avoided her would not have thrown nirasclf iv her way to-night without a motive. Tho motive would reveal itself prcsontly perhaps. In tho meantime her duty as a woman was to be as calm as marble; to ask no amotions; to reveal no warmer interest than that faint curiosity which society calls sympathy. "It is very good of you to remember that it 1* long since we met," said Ishmael; and then, in a lowor voice, "to nic the time has been intolerably long, and I thought it was to be only the beginning of a hopeless for ever." "Indeed!" exclaimed Lady Constance lightly; "yet as your isolation from society was a voluntary retirement I do not see that you have any right to complain. I was Informed that you were one of the few wbo refused the baroness's invitation for to-night V "That is quite true." •* And yet you are here V "And yet I am here. Within an hour or two of my coming I had no idea of being here. Lady Constance, can you imagine that the whole conditions of a man's life may bo ohanged in a few hours? That a man who has been a slave, fettered and tied by an obliga tion of tho past, may suddenly find himself free—the chain snapped asunder —his own master ? Such a change has happened in my life. I am ray own master; free to go where I like; to Bee whom I like; free to love and to woo a noble and perfect woman, and to win her if I can." He was leaning across the narrow table, his clasped bands resting upon it, his eyes looking into her eyes. Never had tbe dark finely featured face looked handsomer than under the scarlet cap of Liberty, flushed with glad ness, the eyes shining in the moonlight, the lips tremulous with deepest feeling. Constance Danctrce's eyelids drooped under that intense* gaze. She tried to make light of the situation, and to stave off the denoue ment. "You havo changed your mind then since last June, when you told Mademoiselle Jarzc that you intended never to marry ?" " Yes ; for in those days I fancied myself bound by an old tic. And now I know that that tie has long been broken, and I am free have been free for years past, but did not know of my liberty." " You aro talking enigmas," said Constance. "Shall I speak more plainly?" ho asked, drawing still nearer to her, lowering his voice, lest the very leaves of the magnolia, whispering gently to themselves all the while, should have cars to hear him, " in plainest, simplest, truest words, as befits a plain man ? I loved you from the first, Constance—from the first sweet hour when we mot amidst tho frivolous surroundings of a Parisian salon. From that hour I was four slave —your worshipper. I had found my ieal, the realisation of an old old dream ; the ono woman in this world whom I could reverence and adore. I had found her, and my heart went to her as the tide goes to the shore, impelled by a force it knows not, save to know that it is irresistible. I hael found her—yes. but too late ! I was bound, or believed myself bound, by that old tic. And yet I went on meeting you — went on worshipping you — although these lips were scrupulously dumb; went on treading nearer and nearer the verge of an abyss of ehshonour. I might have disre garded that old bondage of which the world knew so little ; might have ignored tho past. Yes, this is how Satan would have argued had I lent my ear. The day came when I felt that I must go on further; that from this fool's paradise I must escape at any coat to myself. And then, half hoping you would guess that I waa iv some wise the slave of circumstances, I told you that I meant never to marry; and in that hour I left your house, meaning never to trust myself in your presence again. I have lived tbe life of a hermit since that hour; and now I am a freo man, Lady Constance—free to win a noble wife, if I can !" He took ber unresist ing hand, and raised it to his lips. He had drawn his chair nearer to hen* in tho shadow of the ma-jnolias, and the tahl« \vn-< no lon;."'r between thorn. "Constance, will you give me no word of hope?" "Is tbe tie of which you speak really ♦•Token?" --ho asked :,—avoly. "Have you the right to ask for my love ?" tio is broken—by death."' " And there i« nothing in your past life no dUh','ipi*r, r»o taint ~whie> run lessen your worth in the eyes of such a woman as I?" "Thero is no taint—no dishonour. Commercially, all Paris can tell you what I am. Socially, I will answer for myself. I have done no wrong!" " And you really love me ?' " Aa women arc really loved." "I am veiy glad," she murmured softly, as he bent to hstvn tor his fate. "I am glad you love me, Ishmael, for my heart went out to you with just the same irresistible impulse that night wo first met. I knew then that it was fate. Thank God it is a happy fate, and that you give me love for love," (to be continued.) 