The Haunted Boarding .House. * Anefderly dame,; S Not' known: to fame, WiIo a boarding-boose:keeper quite lately be . came, . Was troubled full sore, When she lhuwl hers house bore,. Ofbeinglnunted by ghosts, the unenviable name. -. ...-When her lodgers she met, .- - She remarked in a pet " I'm sure it is only a rat or a mouse, For my landlord has said That we've no cause for dread, As nobody ever yet died in this house." But we lodgers replied "The' no one Ias died In the house, yet we're certain a ghost is about. Should the phantom you see, You will with us agree 'That this ghost is a ghost beyond ghost of a doubt." " He comes late at night, With footsteps so light; The' how he gets in we clearly can't see; For so strong is the catch Of your now patent latch, That to open it's really quite hard with the key." "Then he noiselessly goes On the tips of his toes To the safe 'neath the stairs and partakos of your diet. Next the stairs he ascends, And his journeying ends By entering ' Number sixteen' on the quiet. " In the morn lie is gone, And to follow him none Of us yet have been able, theo' 'tis not through fear; For we find. with surprise, SHo is gone when we rise. 'Tis actounding how quick does this ghost disap pear !" Here the landlady cried " Beyond doubt I'll decide If this grisly ol I phantom does really exist. Just let me catch hold o(f his ghost-ship so bold, And we'll see what lie thinks of mny elegant fist." That night we kept watch, Hoping to catch Th Ishoary old ghost, of their trouble the muse. Soon we heard the door open, And he, who'd last spoken, Quite suddenly in his remarks made a pause. On entering, the ghost 'Made a dart for a roast Ofcold beefwhich within that meat-safe he found. He seemed of a feed To be greatly in need. Htavingfinished, upstairs he did noiselessly bound. How that landlady glared At that ghost I've declared. No'ei again shall I'see, oi this side of the tomb, How with fear did we quake, For our landlady's sake, As she lbllowed it closely right into the room. Such a noise, I declare, Then arose on.the air. Nd'ar didlI hear a disturltance so dire. 'Midst the vbaclid and the bump , A?ind the cracks and the.thumpsw " \Yecoild hl ir the.'poor ;lost cryifng -''ieves ! 'i . urdor !''.ire! . . hen ere word c ul be t poko,.;. s . . ' i. e dobr. ?vas;tlieo'n ,penu,,..,; -: w ti.i'.";p hAnd oi"u r-hil'td the ghlt atail Io Sfled fronti tie Tltoa Cite aliitllarpe1alisr ('tiovi trsteanit tlr aJ ko), " Youiglst sirs~; an e ttior'. i'.it or i mouse." ': ! 3ut an olderlyrpriut .r;?,i .r , ., S... A mise rl Ctiker, .ei '.l, ~- i a;" " Wio ie'rer foi tiplboar lhadtile monoy to pay. i ... t le i e ldft; hii latohi key ll... l.'ui, elo e s. . . He'c bon iiv'it? ati tnte.siate I tiurned him'awa[y. ··,.'· ' _ .': . " : L . : . 