BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. The King of Bavaria, who is destroying his position, influence, and H'o by conduct that savours of insanity, is beginning to find that, even in his backward little kingdom, the sovereign cannot now-a-days give himself up to his own determinations as in years gone by. Those who are about him are compelling him to let his affairs be looked into, and his outlay cut down to something less fantastic than it has hitherto been. It has now been ascertained that his debts amount to £1,500,000 sterling The private theatricals which this absurd egotist has been in the habit of having got up, regardless of expense, for himself as sole spectator, are put a stop to all building operations at the new castles he was giving himself in romantic solitudes are stopped, and the royal stud has been greatly diminished. The great mountain castle King Louis was having built for himself on the Horron- Ohietnaeo has been in process of erection during 10 years, has already cost £1,500,000 sterling, and is not half finished. It is an exact copy of Versailles as far as regards the ground-plan, but is much more splendid, and the internal decorations are said to be of indescribable magnificence. A single chandelier, of porcelain, that hangs in the Hall of Mirrors, cost £4,800. The style in which the Sovereign Dreamer has been squandering money in carrying out his artistic reveries may be imagined from these items of a profuse and unreasoning expenditure that has been going on and increasing from year to year, over since this devotee of the Niebelungen Lied came to the throne of his minute kingdom. The fifth annual congress of the French Firemen's Association has recently been held in the anglicised town of Boulogne, 750 members being present, several of them having come from Algeria. The officers and men, having served in the army, had a military bearing. They have a special dress for serving at fires, also a dress uniform, and bear arms. Their services are voluntary, though some muni- cipals its vote grants for stations and material. The presence of firemen is required by law at all public entertainments ; yet, strange to say, no regular provision is made for supplying them with the necessaries of the action. Simultaneously with the congress there was held an exhibition of firemen's apparatus of every kind, including engines, steam and hand pumps, manuals for factories, hose, helmets, etc Among the escapes is one capable of being projected, on the telescope system, to a fourth storey, by hydraulic power. his letter from El Paso (Texas) to The Times, it is stated that the lands in Mexico upon which the Mormon leaders have decided to settle their proselytes and new recruits from Europe are situate in the northern part of the State of Chih- Rahra, within 50 miles of the Arizona and Raw Mexican boundary line. A portion of the land is in (Sonora, and the " New Canaan" is a magnificent grazing country, well watered, and susceptible of a high state of cultivation. The soil is virgin, and the Mormon section is said to comprise about a million acres, which they have contracted to purchase at a very low rate. No money has passed as yet, for the titles are being examined, and the Mormons insist upon the legality of the title being confirmed before they make any payment. Arrangements are in progress, however, for the immediate settlement of the lands, and the vanguard of the Mormon array will arrive early in December from Utah. Brigham Young, jun , who came to inspect the lands a short time ago, said that he had been offered millions of acres of good land at a cheap price, and that the Mexicans were doing all they could to secure the Mormon colony instead of, as reported, assuming a hostile attitude towards it. The Salvation Army is building up a 6:6«,«.*;o' »n.winr&tive; store b UBI moss, in which there are, however, no rH»>dcnJ». The prevalent idea that the Booths , deal only in uniforms, musical instruments, and paraphernalia is a mistake. Simple minded country tradesmen who subscribe their hard-earned money are really finding capital for their business rivals. The Echo, commenting on the articles which are sold at the Army stores, and which are advertised gratis in the War Cry, says :-" Let the shopkeepers who have contributed to the £300 or £400 which the Army officials have begged for a new printing machine, note the several items plain and fancy soaps, quilts, toilet covers, towels, table covers, sheets, blankets, needlecases, teas, knives, forks, scissors, razors, dinner sets, tea sets, toilet sets, etc., etc., etc. Perhaps these facts may open the eyes of some who have not been affected by recent revelations." Of the Afghan Frontier Commission, interest in whose proceedings appears to flag in view of what is passing in the Balkan peninsula, the special correspondent of The Times, in his latest communication, writes : " Since the acquiescence of the late Ministry in all the seizures made by IUistia. there is no place left on the north of the Basket Range which possesses any military significance, Guinea has gained such a position under their sanction, or by their tacit permission or connivance, that she can strike Herat in a week from where she stands, when once she has perfected her arrangements. Meanwhile we see with no surprise, but with regret, that the serious events of last year are called at home a Russian scare, and everything settling down into the usual somnolent state. At present Russia is of course playing a waiting game, till she sees what Pty comes in in November. If the liberal comes in, she will then have the game in her own hands, without the disagreeable necessity of fighting for what she means to have before long." A curious adventure happened to one of our soldiers in the Soudan. Trooper Grubb was a man belonging to the 2nd Life Guards, and in some inscrutable fashion lost his regiment out in the desert. The regiment came back to " England, home, and beauty," but no Grubb with it, and the soldier's comrades mourned the missing man and gave him up for lost. Recently Trooper Grubb, as brown as bronze penny, _ walked into the cavalry barracks, Windsor, startled the guard with the idea of a ghost, duly reported himself, and received an ovation. With real British pluck, Grubb, it appears, when he found out that his regiment had disappeared, quietly sat down to map out his course back to the Nile, and by dint of hard riding, hard fighting, and daredevil gallantry, made his way to the con- fines of civilisation. Unfortunately, we have not come across any details of the man's adventures. What a story he must have had to tell when he got back to his comrades. The New York World of September tells a sensational story under the title of " Saving a Young Heiress," followed by these other headings ;-" A Lost English Girl and her brother found in town Story of a Stepfather's Attempt to get Possession of 200,000dols. in England Marrying a Child of Fourteen to Accom- plish his Purpose How the Crime was Discovered at Council Bluffs." The special telegram from Council Bluffs, Ia., dated September 7, says -a "This city has just been treated to a startling abduction case, originating in Somerset, England, and terminating here. Four years ago Charles Avery, 29 years old, married Mrs. Symmes, a widow of Tainton (? Taunton), Somerset, having an estate valued at 2U0,000dols. Avery was a poor tenant on Mrs, Symmes' estate, Mrs. Symmes died in April last, leaving 8,000 dols to Avery, and giving the rest of her estate to her two children, Ada, born in 1871, and David. The guardians of the heirs and executors of the estate were William Partridge and Mrs. Louise Guillaumes. j Partridge died soon after his appointment, and was succeeded by Edward Hodge, a cousin of Mrs. Symes and uncle of the children. Avery took steps to gain possession of the entire estate, whereupon the administrators demanded possession of the two children, while Avery instituted proceedings for their re- tention. When the matter was finally brought into Court Avery had, fled from England with the children and, come to Council Bluffs, registering' from New York, and announces that the fi young girl Ada was his wife. Among the guests at the hotel was Mrs. A. B. Moor, of Grand Island, Nob., who, in the course of a week or two gained the confidence of young Ada Synimos, who was a delicate, slender creature, and confided to Mrs. Moore the story of her wrongs. She said she was not married. Avery had sold Mrs.. Symmes'- valuable collection of jewels, she said, mostly in New York, and taken from young Ada a gold watch given to her by her mother, which he sold in Council Bluffs, together with other valuable articles. Mrs. Moor caused a letter to be written to the girl's uncle, Mr. Hodge, informing him of all the circumstances. On July 16, Avery applied for a marriage license at Council Bluffs, alleging the girl's age to be 17 ; but the clerk refused a license, as it was under the lawful age. Avery then made an affidavit that he was the lawful guardian of the girl, and gave consent to the marriage of his own ward and stepdaughter to himself. Licence was thereupon granted, and a marriage ceremony was performed by the Rev. T. S. Webb, a visiting minister. Mr. Hodge arrived at Council Bluffs on August 27, and the children were turned over to him and he left for England. Avery was at the time at work on a farm 15 miles from Council Bluffs, and Mr. Hodge's arrival and departure were kept a secret until yesterday, when he sailed from New York with the children. After restoring the children to their friends and to their property he will prosecute Avery, who, it is said, has disappeared." At a certain theatre, not long ago, a gentleman who gets murdered in the first act, and who subsequently turns up as foreman of the jury, was dissatisfied at the rate of stipendiary emolument where- with his efforts were rewarded. Being unable to obtain redress he vowed re- venge. So the next night, when in the course of the trial in act four, the man who had done the deed denied all knowledge of it in the stirring words allotted to him by the collaborators, the foreman of the jury upset the calculations of everybody in the theatre by rising solemnly and saying : " I tell you, Simpson, you did do it. I ought to know, for I'm the very man you killed and by gad ! it's the loaf time you'll do it, sir, at the price I'm paid at present." Chaos. The Sporting Times is responsible for this first-class joke about a first- class singer. Years and years ago, before Arthur Roberts had climbed to the lofty pinnacle of fame which he at present occupies, he was on a tour with a party of Temperance Handbell Ringers, and for the look of the thing, when they were sojourning in a town, Arthur and another equally consistent Bluenbbonite used to journey out to on adjacent village for refreshment. It must have been rather a jar for the local teetotallers when the proprietor of this hostelry hung out a big placard to this effect : " If the two Good Templars do not claim their regalia which they left here last Sunday, they will be sold to pay for the beer which was not settled for. A Reuter's telegram from New York says:-"Adespatch from East Saginaw, Michigan, states that while a crowd of people were standing, on October 20, on a bridge at that place watching a boat on fire on the river below, the structure gave way, precipitating CO persons into the water. Many of these were badly bruised. Thirteen others are missing, and it is feared that they have perished. A boy, aged 14, named Thomas Williams, son of a labourer living at' Gwersyllt, died at Wrexham Infirmary ' from hydrophobia. About three months previous the boy was bitten on his lip by a dog, which, although not deemed mad,'' was destroyed. The wound on the boy's lip healed up, but on Sunday evening he complained of; a violent pain in his back' and he got worse and strange in his conduct, and died shortly after. ' I A girl named Effie Elizabeth Davis, aged 14, mu» up in visit at the house of Mr. Averill, Sugar Loaf Farm, near Stourbridge. Miss Averill was sitting at the piano, and Miss Davis was standing by her side singing, when the report of a gun was suddenly heard, and Miss Davis fell dead, shot through the head. Miss AveriU's brother, Nathaniel Averill, gave information to the police, and they, after making enquiries, arrested him on suspicion. He was at first silent, but afterwards said that his gun was accidentally discharged as he was returning from shooting. He was remanded in charge of the Stafford police. Details are given of a fatal fire which occurred at Amsterdam on October 27. It broke out on the premises of a draper, M. Yanbreemen, in Warmoes-street. The head of the house had not returned home at the time when the fire broke out, but arrived shortly afterwards. So rapid, however, was the progress of the flames that he was unable to enter the house. As soon as the fire was sufficiently subdued the firemen entered the building and discovered the charred remains of Mdme. Vanhremen and her four children, including three sons between 8 and 12 years of age, and and infant of six months, who appeared all to have been suffocated while attempting to escape in their night-dresses. A fifth victim, in all probability, is the maid servant. She had originally succeeded in getting out of the house, but lost her life in returning to help her mistress and children. The solitary Russian translator at the Indian Office, it is stated, is to be placed on the retired list, and his post will be abolished. It is not easy to appreciate the wisdom of this step ; a few hundreds a year are saved, but the department, which really has more to do with Russia than any other, will not possess an officer whose duty it is to know Russian. How Russian documents and newspapers are to be translated does not appear ; perhaps the new Secretary of State does not care to know what the Russians say ; perhaps he will step across the triangle to the Foreign Office to get the work done. Lord Randolph Churchill would not be the first English Minister who manifested a lordly indifference to any language but his own. Lord Palmerston, as the story goes, once reproved the English Ambassador at St. Petersburg for writing in French to the Russian Foreign Office, and instructed him as an English- man, to use his mother tongue only. The Russian Chancellor politely responded to this by directing the representative of Russia in London to write to Lord Palmerston in Russian only-a simple device by which Russia scored an easy victory. Needless to say, French soon resumed its original position as the medium of intercourse between the Governments Lord Randolph Churchill might do worse than remember this incident. In the case of carrying mails from India and China to Brindisi, there is a fine of £200 for every twelve hours in excess of contract time. On the voyage to or from the West Indies, the penalty of overtime is £25 for every twenty- four hours ; while between London and Calais It is £5 for fifteen minutes. By another < contract, the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company undertakes henceforward to convey the mails between Holyhead and Kingston in fifteen minutes less than the time hitherto allowed, a fine of £1 14s. to be exacted for each minute in excess of contract. An unusual scene has recently been witnessed at a marriage at Saundersfoot Parish Church, Pembrokeshire. When the clergyman asked if anyone knew of any impediment to the marriage, the brother of the bride stated that the bridegroom was a married man. The officiating minister informed the pair that he could proceed no further. The rector was then sent for but he being too ill to leave his room, the wedding party went to the rectory. Two friends of the bridegroom wore communicated with, and speedily attended and testified that the first wife of the bridegroom had been dead four years. The rector ruled that the marriage was to proceed, whereupon the party returned to church, and the wedding was celebrated. The quick-firing guns now forming part of the armament of every ship of war are found by practice capable of getting off a. pound every four seconds, which, seeing that the gun has to be loaded with cartridge and eject the cue every time, like the Martini rifle, is the utmost that that can be expected. Naval, gunners are, however, growing expert with the new weapons, and are likewise increasing, their mechanical knowledge in various ways on artillery subjects. A plan has just been adopted of issuing movable vents for certain guns, which, as the old vents are worn out, can be substituted by the seamen themselves and there are classes of blue-jackets constantly going through courses of instruction in the Royal Arsenal, in order that there may be on every ship some one or two of the crew ready to explain any little- hitch that may occur, and show how to remedy it, Captain Lloyd has been travelling in Scandinavia, where wolves are abundant. The animals are very fond of pork, and his plan of enticing them, in order to shoot them, was to keep a live pig in his sledge, and to pinch him in the night- time. In order further to deceive the wolves, he fastened a bundle of straw, covered with a black sheepskin, to a rope 50ft. long, and dangled it when the sledge was in motion. The wolves heard the pig squeak, and, thinking the bundle was a pig, came near enough to be picked off with a rifle. A story comes from South London which is good enough to be repeated. A resident of Brixton, who devoted most of his time to horticulture, was much troubled by the nocturnal ravages of his neighbours' cats. His complaints were unavailing, however, as each householder to whom he protested affirmed that his particular cat was guiltless in the matter. At length, being still pestered by his fe- line visitors, who " rendcz-t'ousco! " in his choicest flower bed, he resolved to turn his skill as an amateur photographer to account. So waiting for the first bright moonlight night he stationed himself at his back window with his camera in position and the cats' favourite flower bed in focus, and in the course of an hour or so, about midnight, he had used his apparatus to such effect that in the morning he was in possession of evidence which incriminated every tabby in the terrace. To prepare copies of his negatives, in which positive evidence of the guilt of each neighbour's cat was established beyond doubt, was only a work of time, and he was soon able to forward to nearly every householder in the neighbourhood one of the damning photographs, accompanied by a letter, pointing out the way in which he had proved his suspicions and asking for a stay of the nuisance. But the most important part of the communication was the postscript, which was as follows :-" I shall not take the trouble to focus your cat with my camera again ; the next time I focus it it will be with a shot-gun. At the next show of the Brixton-road Horticulture-at Home Society, I am glad to be able to add, the persevering amateur secured a first-class prize for plants grown in an unprotected Brixton back garden Figaro. The greatest curiosity in the book world is probably a volume that belongs to the family of the Prince of League, and is now in France. It is entitled " The Passion of Christ," and is neither written nor printed. Every letter of the text is cut out of a leaf, and being interleaved with the blue paper, it is as easily read as the best print. The labour and patience bestowed on its completion must have been excessive, especially when the precision and minuteness of the letters are considered. The general execution in every [respect is indeed admirable, and the volume is of the most delicate and costly kind. [ Rudolph II. of Germany, offered for it, in 1040, 11,000 ducts, which was probably equal to (30,000 at this day. The most remarkable circumstance connected with the literary treasure' is that it' bears the Royal arms of England, but when it was in that country, and by whom owned has never been ascertained. r ' Big Bear and eight other chiefs have been sentenced to three years' imprisonment for' complicity in Riel rebellion. Sixteen others" are to undergo terms varying from two to" seventeen years for arson and horsestealing. Four'chiefs Wandering Spirit, Mongrand, DroBoy man, and Charlebois are to be hanged for murder. Bright eyes receives a sentence of twenty years' imprisonment for manslaughter. Mr. Justice Hawkins told a story at a Bar dinner the other day which is too good to be lost. When a leader at the Bar, Sir Henry appeared in a shipping case before the late Baron Channel, who was a little shaky with his aspirates. The name of the vessel about which the dispute had arisen was Hannah; but Sir Henry's " Junior," in utter desperation, said to him " is the ship the Anna or the Hannah, for his lordship says one thing, and everyone else says another 1" "The ship,,' said Sir Henry, in reply, " teas named the Hannah, but the H has been lost in the chops of the Channel !" The heir to the British Crown is understood to have immensely enjoyed his recent stay in Hungary, where he has received the most hearty as well as splendid hospitality from Imperial and aristocratic hosts. He has visited several splendid chateaux in the region round Buda Pesth ; been bear-hunting in the Carpathians with the Crown Prince and Princess and Prince and Princess William of Prussia ; shot five stags in one day and gave a splendid ball, at the European Hotel, to the members of the Hungarian, Austrian, German, and English aristocracies who were staying at Buda-Pesth. He had a long conversation with Professor Vambery, whose warnings to England, which country he loves, against the Indian longings and projects of Russia, which he detests, created such a profound sensation all over Europe during the late dangerous excitement anent Afghanistan. On the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of King's College (says the Pall Mall Gazette) the then principal (Dr. Barry, the Bishop of Sydney), urged that the time had come for a development of its works by extending its usefulness in providing a new department, which, though locally distinct from the others, should be under the same management, for the higher education of ladies. Accordingly, under the able direction of Miss Schmidt, a house was taken at Kensington, where there have been classes for ladies, which have been so successful that the council has purchased a large house in Kensington-square, which was opened on October 12. The historical fancy dress ball of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, the date of which has been fixed by the Prince of Wales for May 19, is expected to surpass anything of the kind ever before attempted in this country. Successive tableaux will illustrate the history of painting from the time of Apelles to that of Hogarth. Each tableau will represent a given period, and its leader will be made up to resemble in appearance the historical artistic personage who was most prominent at that time. The spectators are to be dressed in correct costume of any period down to 1830. The best artists of the day are engaged in de- signing the costumes, and many costly ones have already been made in Paris and elsewhere. THE SONG, OF THE BRITISH TAXPAYER t Sing a song of sixpence Sixpence in the pound Sending up the income-tax With a "leap and bound" 1 Sing a song of millions A credit and a war We area merry nation, We are, we are, we are. 