A NOTE OF WARNING. By the Rev. C. H. SPLRGEON, in the Metropolitan Tabernacle Pulpit. READ the story of England, beginning where you will, and see liow gracious God has been to us. Note well our great deliverances, from the destruction of the Spanish Armada to the overthrow of Napoleon. Do not forget how often this little country has been made victorious in wars against great peoples, who thought to swallow her up. Then reflect how God sent the light to us; how the Gospel spread all over England, and how it has in many ways been rejected. How often since the days of Cromwell Rome has been allowed to dim the light of our Protestantism, and how it labours to do so still! See bow this people have received the truth of heaven, but again and again have proved false to it, turning at one time to superstition, and at another time to infidelity. At this moment we are rich and despite depression in business, we are less tried by it than any other nation. And what comes of all this mercy but increased sin ? Why, at this moment we have sin rampant among us almost beyond precedent. Think how the poor are oppressed and ground down with awful poverty in many parts of this great city. Shall not God aveoge the cry of starving women ? Worse still, if worse can be: those who dare walk our streets after sundown tell us that Sodom, in its most putrid days, could scarcely exceed this metropolis for open vice. To our infinite disgust and horror, the names of certain of the greatest in the land are at this hour openly mentioned in connection with the filthiest debauchery. This is not the place for details, nor can I mention the matter, or even think of it, without feeling my very soul on fire. Faithfulness requires plain speech; bat it is a hideous evil that the dregs of vice should be the chosen luxury of certain of our hereditary legislators and rulers. Woe unto thee, oh, land, when thy great ones love the harlot's house! Deep is our shame when we know that onr judges are not clear in this matter, but social purity has been pat to the blush by magistrates of no mean degree; yea, it is said that the courts of justice have lent themselves to the covering and hushing up of the iniquities of the great. Shall not God be grieved by such a nation as this ? He who has read a certain story, which is but too well known, must have felt his ears tingle and his heart tremble. What is coming over us ? What horrible clouds are' darkening our skies? There were judges once who would not have suffered the laws to be trampled on by the great, but would have dealt out equal justice to rich and poor; I cannot persuade myself that it will be otherwise now, and yet I fear the worst. O God, have mercy upon the land whose judgment-seats and palaces are defiled with vice. This is not all; a general indifference to all religion is creeping over the country; at least over this vast metropolis. Ask those who visit from door to door among our crowded populations, and they will tell you that never before in their lifetime were there so few persons attendant npon the means of grace. Street after street of the city scarcely posseses more than one regular attendant upon the preaching of the word. The Sabbath is no longer a day of worship with millions. What continual efforts are made to rob us of the Sabbath-day; to degrade it into a common week-day, and to make a slave of the working men. To-day the revelation of God is treated with indifference, or talked of as if it deserved no reverence or credit. Unbelief has sapped the foundations of the social fabric. Wont of all, I mast not hold back the charge, many of the avowed ministers of Christ are no ministers of faith at all, but promoters of unbelief. The modern pulpit has has taught men to be infidels. What truth is there which has not been doubted by divines, questioned by doctors of divinity, and at length been denounced by the priests of "modern thought"? Nothing remains upon which a certain school of preachers have not spit their scepticism. The experience of the unbelief of Germany is being repeated here. Among those who are ordained to be the preachers of the gospel of Christ there are many who preach not faith but doubt, and hence they are servants of the devil rather than of the Lord, think not that I am aiming at the Church of England. With all my objection to a State church I am not so an just as to conceal my belief that I see in the Episcopal Church at this time less of unbelief than among certain Dissenters; in fact, Nonconformity in certain quarters is eaten through and through with a covert TTnitarianism, less tolerable than Unitarianism itself. So frequently are the fundamental doctrines of the Gospel assailed, that it becomes needfill; before you cross the threshold of many a chapel, to ask the question, " Shall I hear the Gospel here to-day or shall I come out hardly knowing whether the Bible is inspired or not ? Shall I not be made to doubt the atonement, the work of the Holy Ghost, the immortality of the soul, the punishment of the wicked, or the deity of Christ?" I know I shall stir a hornet's nest by these honest rebukes, but I cannot help it. I am burdened and distressed with the state of religion; a pest is in the air ; no truth is safe from its withering infection. No signs can be more alarming than the growing infidelity and worldliness which I see among those who call themselves Christians. Does this nation really intend to cast off the fear of God and the doctrines of Holy Scripture to follow the vain imaginings ofthesophistsany the fashionable follies of the great? Are we to see again unbelief and luxurious sin walking hand in hand? If so, there be some of us who mean to take up our sorrowful parable, and speak as plainly as we can for truth and holineBs, whether we offend or please. Be it ours still to thunder out the law of God, and proclaim with trumpet clearness the gospel of Jesus, not batinjr one jot of firm belief in the revelation of God, nor winking at sin, nor toning down truth, even though we fear that the only resnlt will be to make this people's hearts gross, and their ears heavy, and their eyes blind If it must be so my soul shall weep in secret; but still, Oh Lord, here am I, send me. Be of good courage, Oh my heart, for the faithful have not ceased from among men; other voices will cry aloud and spare not, if haply our land may be purged of its present defilement. 