Launch of a New War-Ship. ANOTHER important addition was made to the British navy on Sept. 29 by the launch, from Chatham Dockyard, of the Severn, a fast cruising unarmoured vessel of the Mersey type, which latter ship was launched from the same dockyard a short time since. The Severn, which has been built in a com paratively short time, is intended to be employed as a swift cruiser for independent service in distant seas, and is unprovided with ar mour, as she will rely on her of fensive powers, and her high speed. In order to combine strength and lightness, steel has been used in her construction wherever practi cable, this arrangement adding stiff ness and rigidity to the whole of her hull. The following are the principal dimensions of the Severn: —Extreme length, 300 feet; ditto breadth, 46 feet; mean draught, 17 feet 9 inches; displacement, 3600 tons; the horse power 6000. Her machinery being at a high proportion to her tonnage, she will, as she is intended, steam at an un usually great rate of speed, the other vessels of her class having attained as much as 18 knots an hour over the measured mile. She will stow 500 tons of coal in her bunkers, which will enable her to keep the seas for some length of time. For offensive purposes the Severn will carry an armament of two 8-inch and 10 6-inch breech loading guns on her bow and broad side batteries, besides the usual number of the Nordenfelt and other machine guns. She will also be able to discharge her torpedoes either above or below the water line. The tower from which the vessel will be "conned" is fixed with armour-plates, while steel plates protect the exposed portions of the decks from the lateral effects of shot and shell. The crew will number 300. Although the wea ther was unfavourable a large num ber of spectators crowded the gal lery and sides of the slip to witness the launch, which took place at three o'clock, the ceremony of " christening" the vessel being per formed by Miss Watson, daughter of Admiral Watson, superintendent of Chatham Dockyard. Mrs. Carter, the mayoress of Mel bourne, was presented with £200 worth of jewellery at the return ball given to the Mayor last week. A little fox terrier (says the Wide Bay News) belonging to Mr. J. H. Cherry, of the A.S.N. Com pany, was swimming in the river, close to the shore, on Thursday morning, when he was seized by a large shark. The plucky little ani mal struggled violently, got free from the shark, and swam to the shore, but in a fearfully torn con dition. He was picked up and taken in hand by Mr. Harrap, che mist, who happened to be near at the time. Doggie was stitched up, and is now confined to bed, where he is very patiently waiting re covery. A prominent member of the Salvation 1 Army" was before the Bench, in Albury, on Saturday, suffering from delirium tre mens brought on by drinking, A young man named Evan Price was arrested in Adelong on Sunday night on a charge of having stolen a purse containing money and valuables worth £50 from a commercial traveller named Bell. Five hundred and fifty-two runs have been divided under the new Land Act in the Eastern Division, 727 in the Central, and 345 in the Western. It is not often (says the Albury Banner) that our farmers and graziers complain of having too much grass. Last week, how- i ever, a correspondent wrote saying that fears were entertained in his locality of i injury to next season's wool clip from the j superabundance of grass. This week a Tocumwal correspondent says: This is one of the finest seasons we have had for the past five years, and there is not half enough stock to eat the grass that is everywhere to be seen. Everyone is crying out for store cattle, and there are none to be had. Capt. Roberts, commander of the Que bec ship Emblem which has arrived at Queenstown from Rangoon, reports that, about II o'clock on the morniDg of the 6th | July, with beautiful weather and a smooth sea, the Emblem was sailing about four ] knots an hour, a little south of the Wes tern Islands, in latitude 30 north, longi tude 32 west, when his attention was directed by an exclamation of the mate's to an object that stood erect in the water close to the ship. As the vessel approached, the object was discovered to be a monster with a serpent's head which, with 10 to 12 feet of its body was raised above the sur face of the water as if the animal was j surveying his surroundings. When the | Emblem approached within a few yards of j the monster he dived his head under the water, allowing, however, his body to float on the surface. Judging from the length of his vessel, Captain Roberts estimates the length of the serpent at about 60 feet, while his girth was equal to that of a large pork barrel. His back was barred, pink and white, hut his belly was all white. As soon as the vessel had passed, the monster again raised his head above the water and continued his survey. Captain Roberts, who lias sailed in all latitudes assures us he has nerer before seen such a monster of the deep ; and the members of his crew, Borne of whom are veiy old 1 salts,' have not during their travels ever seen an animal of that species. On Sunday night (says the Ballarat Star) a couple of young men entered the bar of a leading hotel in the city, and one of them asked the landlord, who was standing be hind the counter, for some cigars, for which payment was tendered. Having "struck a light," the pair coinmeuccd to smoke aud talk, and meanwhile a third customer stepped in and called for a pint of beer, which was served, and duly con sumed by the purchaser who then left the bar. The smokers, then addressing boni face, asked him to give liis name, as they intended informing on him for Sun day trading, but stating if he would "shout" they would let him off. It is stated the hotel-keeper jumped the counter in response to the threats, and bundled the fellows out of the place, giving each a good kick as he took his departure. We are informed that several other hotels were visited by the same men on Sunday night last. It is reported by the Ororoo correspond ent of the S. A. Advertiser that a dread ful thunderstorm occurred there on Wed nesday afternoon, and lasted about a quar ter of an hour. Herbert, son of Mr. S. Lillecrapp, was struck dead by lightning on the plain near the township. The body presented a shocking appearance. Mr. Bridgland saw the lightning strike the poor lad, and ran immediately to Corporal i Humphries, who with Dr. Clarke and I others hastened to the spot. They found 1 remnants of his clothing still burning, and 1 tne-nouy-was -perrcCTiy nuue. iuS'w,. who was about 14 years of age, was a bright intelligent boy. Near the body of ' the boy was found the dead body of his dog. At a recent meeting of the Central Queensland Meat Export Company, at Rockhampton, it was decided to ask the holders of bills to renew the same at ma turity for six mouths, with interest added, and also to ask the shareholders to increase their holding by 5 per cent., payable 10 per cent, on application, and the balance by bills at 6, 12, and 18 months, without1 interest. 8000 shares were takeu up pro visionally in the room, and the meeting adjourned till the 8th December, when the shares applied for will be allotted, and if , sufficient are taken to warrant the direct ors in assuming the responsibility of carry ing on. The Melbourne Telegraph says:—"An intercolonial glove contest, which pre sented all the characteristics of a prize fight, took place shortly after dawn on Thursday morning on a vacant piece of ] land in the vicinity of Essendon, between ' M. Nathan, of Victoria, and J. Hall, of New South Wales, for £500 aside. About 200 spectators witnessed the exhibition. At the commencement of the fight some £600 to £700 were staked on Hall, but after some eight rounds had been gone through, much to the surprise of his friends, as well as those of Nathan, lie was unable to answer the call to time, and the fight was accordingly declared to have been won by Nathan. The contest, which was ; kept strictly secret, was unknown to the police, none of the members of the force being on the ground." A little scene took place between Mr. Lyons, the solicitor, and Detective Levoi, at the City Court the other day, over a magsman's case (says the Melbourne He rald). Mr. Lyons hinted at some man having lost three sovereigns in the watch house. Lovie fired up, claiming the pro tection of the bench against such an in sinuation, which he took to be directed at him. He declared that his character was as good as Mr. Lyons', and his "fore fathers' " characters better. Mr. Lyons retorted, that a good many insinuations were dropped about him, not only by wit nesses but by benches. As soon as he found anybody " worth powder and shot" he would make them wiuce, but he would not trouble himself over a constable. Last night in Elgin-street (says the Sin gleton paper), as the fire engine was run ning at full speed, a white figure suddenly appeared on the pavement, and the pro pelling power of the engine shied, think ing it was a ghost. It turned out only to he gentleman, who had in liis excitement come out without adding to his scanty night apparel. The exclamation of the propelling power was, " What funny | things we see when we haven't got agun !" i James Harvey was charged the other j day at Bathurst by S. C. Morris with be- I ing of unsound mind. The defendant . brought a letter to the court house stating that he was suffering from delusions. He j announced that he had just made £100,000, and would make another million or so on Monday. It was evident defendant's mind was uuhinged about having a sen tence of six months in gaol some time since. He was remanded for seven days for medical attendance. The Roma Star says:—A letter received from the'far north-west of Queensland de scribes the countiy as being in a most de plorable state, owing to the continued drought. The losses in stock have been disastrous, and great difficulty is experi enced in keeping a few horses and cattle alive. The country about Bouii is dest tute of Water. Floor is selling there at one shilling per lb., the commonest at 5d., and tobacco (when procurable) is charged 10s. per lb. Nothing can travel and therefore supplies of stores cannot be got forward. The country for 400 miles west of Roma is as bare as a road; but we hear of excellent grass on several stations in the neighbourhood of the Upper War rego. Last night (says Saturday's Deniliquin paper) Mr. Alex. M'Collough, Inspector of Stock at Deniliquin, celebrated his sil ver wedding. A large number of iuvited guests assembled at his residence, and the usual good wishes were expressed with re ference to the event. The Melbourne Argus says :—During the trial of Mr. W. R. Stead, editor of the Pall Mall Gazette for being concerned in the abduction of the girl Armstrong, our London correspondent telegraphed that Mr. Stead, in defence, claimed the credit of having, by the publication of the story of the girl " Lily," caused the enact ment by the South Australian Legislature of a measure for the protection of females. As a matter of fact, this measure was before the South Australian parliament long be fore the scandulous disclosures of the Pall Mall Gazette, and iB no reason whatever for supposing' that these had anything to do with the passing of the bill. A strange accident befel a railway la bourer, named Joseph Clarke, on Tuesday evening (says the Wagga Express). Clarke, with two other men, were riding on a trolly at a spot about 33 miles below Ju nee, on the Hay line. They had finished the day's work, and were journeying to their camp when they noticed the smoke of the engine attached to the mail train. They were endeavouring to get through a cutting when one of the men got his propelling stick jammed in the wheel. This caused Clarke to lose his balance and he fell in front of the trolly, the wheels of which passed over his neck. He was picked up in an insensible state and conveyed to the Wagga Hospital, where he now remains. His injuries consist of a severe shock to the system, some scalp wounds (which are not deep), and a bruis ing of the neck and lower portion of the body. ! Mr. Douglas, Queensland Government ] resident on Thursday Island, is raising : volunteers with commendable promptitude to form a search party to proceed up the Fly River. On Monday last (says the Cardwell cor respondent of the Townsville Bulletin) a I disastrous accidentoccurredou the Ingham road. It appears that a Mr. Absolom T. Cook was driving two bullock- teaius from Townsville to Cardwell, and, when cross ing the bridge near Daltymple Gap, the young leaders, instead of keeping straight ahead, kept the middle of the road, and as there is a rather sharp curve on the Card well side of the bridge, they pulled the dray and eight bullocks over the thirty inch curbing log into the chasm below, a fall of some fifty or sixty feet. The dray was smashed and eight bullocks killed, but happily the man escaped. At Daandine Station lately (says the Dalby Herald), after the shearing was supposed to be completed, 360 sheep which had failed to come in made their appear ance. It was proposed by one of the seharers, a Brisbane man, to shear the lot I and give the shearers' wages thereof to the Dalby Hospital, a proposal which met with the unanimous approval of all hands engaged. . | From our (Brisbane Courier) corres-1 rabbits are believed to belnucli nearer tfes] Queensland border than the Government j think. Mr. Flower, of Currawinya station, states that rabbits were killed sixty-five ! miles from the border in June last, and that I this information was sent the Iuspector of | Stock. | Thenumerousvineyards in the Singleton i district are looking remarkable fine, in J spite of the drought; but the vines are i coming into bloom, and unless the lo-! cality is visited soon by heavy rains the grape crop most inevitably be a limited one. A rather singular death of a child is re ported from Marrickville. On Friday last Ernest Victor Skelly, 3 years of age, ex pired at the residence of his parents, Petersham-road, Marrickville, from in juries received through falling on to a glass case. The child's weight shattered the glass, and one of the broken pieces entered his body, piercing the heart and causing instaneous death. Dr. Waston was summoned, but on examining tbe body he found that life was quite ex tinct. 