MnUs mil J>Jwtfe. A YARN OF THE P. AND 0. AB there were but very few passengers on board the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Sicilia, outward bound for thc Pur East, wc did not anticipate the usual amount of fun and festivity which are, strangely enough, more remarkable features of life on outward bound than on homeward-bound steamers. But what we missed in frolic wc certainly had made up to us in thc shape of excitement. Wo numbered about a dozen in all ; but of these, three only need individual description. Thc principal personage, in accordance with the ancient dictum that a woman is at the bottom of everything, was a pretty young widow, a Londoner, who was on her way to join her friends living in Shanghai. The worship of thc fair sex is nowhere more ardent than aboard ship, partly, perhaps, because its members contrive to put on nuder such exceptional circumstances their most captivating airs and graces; and chiofly it must be admitted, although the admission is ungallant, because, beyond eating and sleep- ing, there is little else to do than to offer homage to whatever goddess presents herself. Hence Mrs. Fuller, as she was named, reigned sole and unapproached monarch of thc ship. Had she been other than she was, she would have occupied this position ; hut being tall and fair and graceful, she assuredly merited every tribute of admiration laid at lier feet. The darts she unconsciously shot around fixed themselves most firmly in the hearts of thc remaining members of the prominent trio to be described. The first was u young English- man named Goodhew, going out to thc con- sular service in Yeddo ; thc other waa a young Irishman named MacWhirtcr, going to thc same city in the Japanese Government Tele- , graph Department. Goodhew was as typical an Englishman as was MacWhirtcr a typical Irishman, indeed, more so, for Mau was a victim to a most un-Milesian failing-he could not take a joke. Goodhew was a big, broad shouldered, ruddy-faced, blue-eyed, fair haired fellow, who ate like an alderman, was always laughing when he was not eating or sleeping, and was half the life and soul of our little community. Terence MacWhirtcr was the other half. He could sing a capital song and tell a capital story, his story-telling powers eclipsing his song-singing, inasmuch as with the gravest conceivable demeanour be would endeavour to foist upon us the most palpable fiction as the most solemn truth 'As true as io'm standing here,'was a con- cluding phrase of his, which soon became a a catchword on board, and synonymous with what was most extravagant and improbable. The apple of discord which tho fair Londoner was destined to throw amongst ns fell between Goodhew and Mac, who, long before she joined us at Brindisi, had singled out each other as opponents upon the one particular question of belief or disbelief in ghosts. Strangely enough, Goodhew, who ad wen the Humane Society's medal for savina life, waB a firm believer in tho theory that the departed front this life revisit their old haunts. Equally strange was it that Mac, although a fervid, imaginative, Irishman, pooh-poohed ghosts and omens and visions* aud dreams and second-sight as being un- worthy of the consideration of a practical nineteenth-century human being ; and the more instances Goodhew quoted in support of his creed, the more violently would Mac exclaim : * Now, look ye here, Mister Good- hew ? oi'il stand tue mau au oulimited dinner up to a couple of sovereigns who eau prove that he has ever seen a ghost ; an' if a mau can show me a ghost, bedad, oi'll show him what oi'll do with it ! The arguing matches and disputes between thc two opponents formed our principal amnsemcnt during the tedious passage from Southamptgn to Brindisi. Then Mrs. Fuller came on board, and their antagonism assumed a new shape. Goodhew helped heron board. Score No. 1 for thc Englishman. But Mac lent her his cane-chair, and equalised mutters. Goodhew sat next to her nt table ; but Mac sat opposite, which was as good, for in talking to her, he was obliged to raise his voice, and by so doing obtained a monoply of the con- versation. To her credit it must be said that she behaved exactly as a young lady placed in such peculiar circumstances should behave. She showed no partiality to one more than to the other. She laughed heartily to Muc's jokes, and listened attentively to Goodhew's quiet common-sense and common-places. If one of them gained a trifling advantage one day, it was made up to the other thc next ; and so, whilst conscientiously she believed ehe was pleasing both, in reality she was stirring up a fire between the two which was fated ultimately to burst into a tragedy. So matters «ont on. By the time Alex- andria was reached, we, the audience, agreed that Goodhew held a slight advantage, inas- much as the passage across the Mediterranean having been stormy, poor Mac spent the greater part of his time in his berth ; whilst Goodhew, who was a good sailor, was brought j into uninterrupted contact with Mrs. Fuller, who was also nml-<U-mir proof. j It may be imagined that when we were sick of quoits and ' bull-board ' and deck-cricket and walking-races, the little comedy played by the trio formed our chief amusement. Its nps and downs, its various phases, its situa- tions, were subjects of attentive watchfulness on our part. We were like a party of special correspondents taking notes of an important j campaign. We received from one another news of victory or defeat, of attacks foiled, of successful stratagems, of bold strokes, of new moves, with as much earnestness as if onr own interests were at stake with the issue of the contest. If one of us hurried for'ard with a joyful face, it waa not to tell of a con fident prophecy on the part of the skipper that wc should hare an easy time in the mon- soon, or that we should make Aden ahead of schedule-time; but to relate Borne splendid stroke on the part of Mac, or an admirable counter delivered by Goodhew. Occasionally, there were uninteresting lulls in the conflict, and during these periods we were driven to our wits' end for amusement, and the time passed slowly and heavily ; but when the battle was in full swing, the long hours of the tropical day sped but too quickly. Our doctor took an especial interest in the drama, and by virtue of his official position, was enabled to sec far more of its ins and outs and by-play than wc outsiders, and often when matters seemed to slacken a bit, would infuse fresh life and fire by some adroit, mischievous remark. Open hostilitv soon became thc order of thc day between Mac and Goodhew. Hitherto, they hud been simply cold and distant to ouc another, interlarding their conversation pro- fusely with ' Sirs ' and * I beg your pardons ;' but by thc timo we reached Penong, they were hardly civil to each other. Thc climax was reached at Panang. According to the usual custom, a party was made up to visit tlic celebrated waterfall. Most of us went : Skipper, Doctor, Mrs Fuller, Goodhew, Mac, and half a dozen of us outsiders. We arrived at the waterfall after the wellkuown broiling ascent, rhapsodised over it, sketched thc joss house, partook of a sumptuous tillin beneath its roof, and were about to return to thc quay, when Mrs Fuller espied a dead buzzard Boat- ing in the waters of thc pool. ' Oh, how I should like a few feathers from that iieautiful hird 1' she exclaimed. Mac and Goodhew rushed to execute thc commission. Wc outsiders never dreamed of interference, as wc foresaw an important scene in thc drama. Mac was armed with Iiis v al kingstick, Goodhew hud seized a long bamboo stem. Mac was upon one side of the Sool, Goodhew on thc other, and thc buzzard oated in the middle between them. Tlie faces and figures of thc two men were perfect Etudies of sternness and resolution ; they stretched aud craned, they knelt, they floundered, they hopped up aud jumped down ; for the timebcing thc entire universe of each of them was concentrated in that palm-shaded pool. But the bird stuck reso- lutely in the middle, in spite of coaxing and flopping and all sorts of cunning endeavours to waft it to one side or the other. Suddenly a puff of wind carried it towards Mac. His face lighted up with joy, and he uttered a smothered ' Hooroo !' In a moment his wnlk ingstick was under it, he was slowly but surely pulling it towards him ; when there was a vision of a sort of fishing-rod in mid-air, momentary struggle and splash, and Goodhew triumphantly dragged it towards him.. Mac made a desperate dash at thc retreating spoil, ' missed his footing, and fell plump into thc pool. Our long-restrained feelings were no more to bc kept in, and the laughter which followed awukened the echoes of the solitary Penang waterfall. To emerge from thc water, hatless, dripping, and vanquished, was humiliating enough for yoor Mac ; but when he looked at Mrs. Fuller, and saw that she was endeavouring to stride immoderate laugh- ter with her pocket- handkerchief, his cup of misery was full, and without another word, lie strode off ahead of us on the path leading to the Settlement, and was soon lost to view. We sailed that evening for Singapore. Mac was not visible. Next evening, however, as we were sitting on deck after ¿finner smoking our cigars and gazing at thc peerless panorama of the tropical beavens, we saw him come on deck. We hushed our talk, for wc felt that something was pending, Goodhew was sit- ting by Airs. Fuller'schair-that is, poor Mac's chair-at some distance from us. Mac seeing this, strode up and down the deck behind them. Presently, Mrs. Fuller rose, wished us good-night, and disappeared below. We nudged one another, watched round the cor- ners of our eyes, and listened. Mac strode up to Goodhew, who was ap- proaching us. ' Mister Goodhew,' he said 'oi call that a dirty mane trick !' What do you mean, sir ?' angrily retorted Goodhew, stopping short. ' Oi mane what oi say, sir,' said Mac. ' It was a dirty mane trick. Mra. Fuller asked me to get thc bird for her, and oi got it ; and you come in with a pole like a most, and you fish it out under me very oyes !' ' Under your very stick, you mean, Mac,' said Goodhew, laughing. ' No matter what oi mane !' exclaimed the infuriated Irishman. ' Oi mane, that when one gintleman recaives a commission from a lady, and another gintleman executes it by a mane trick, the other gintleinan'a no gintle- man at all at all-but a cad, Mister Goodhew, a cad !' ' I Bay, Mac, draw it mild,' said Goodhew, in his turn irritated ; ' we're not all bogtrot ters here ;' ' Is it bogtrottcr yre'callin me 1' exclaimed Mac in a frenzy. ' Bedad, oil'll tache ye to call a MacWhirter a bogtrotter, spalpeen t' And he sprang at Goodhew furiously. Goodhew seized him by the waist, and in another minute would have certainly dropped Msc overboard, had wc not jumped up and interposed. Mac danced and kicked and struggled and used every vilifying expression he could. Goodhew also was endeavouring to wrest himself from our grasp ; but we held on, and thc opponents seeing that they could not get at each other gradually desisted from trying. ' Doctor 1' said Mac, after a breathing space, ' thia is an affair for immadiate settle- ment.' ' Pooh ; my dear fellow,' said the officer, ' who can fight duels on the deck of a P. and 0\. steamer ? Better wait till we get to Hong- kong ; there's plenty of room there.' \- ' Hong-kong be it then,' said Mac. -' Mister Goodhew, oi'll send ye mc card iu the morn- ing.' 'All right, Mac,' replied Goodhew, who was recovering his good temper. 'Send as many as you like. But don't you think we're a couple of fools, to bc going on in this absurd way about a trifle ?' ' A trifle ye call it !' roared Mac. ' An' if there's a fool hereabouts, it isu't Terence Muc Whirter ; but ye needn't travel very Jar to find him.' The doctor whispered in Goodhew's car. The latter nodded and smiled, aud said : ' All right, Mac. You challenge me to a duel. I accept it. Pistols ?' * Of coorse,' replied Mac. ' Ye didn't think oi mane fishing-rods? Insulting a Mac Whirter's no trifle, oi tell yo. So they separated. It may be imagined that the chief topic on boara during the interval between Singa- pore and Hong-kong was thc approaching duel. Mac had given out more than once that he was no novice ; and he certainly had shown himself a dead- shot with a rook-rifle at bottles or pieces of wood ; but whether, considering the extreme excitability of his nature, he would preserve his calmness on thc field of battle sulticicntly to make any use of his accomplishment, wc were inclined to doubt. Goodhew had never fired a pistol in his life ; but there was an easy, cami confi- dence about Ililli that foretold not waut of nerve on his part, ' Pat,' said thc doctor, on the evening be- fore our arrival at Hong-konj*, ' haven't you a qualm of conscience about going to shoot this poor fellow*' ' raith, doctor, replied Mac, 'thc odds arc even. If he wins thc toss, he shoots roc.' ' You're not afraid of the consequences of manslaughter?' continued thc doctor, 'I don't mean the judicial consequences, but thc remorse, the fear of being haunted' * Doctor,' said Mac, ' oi took ye for the only sensible man on the ship, and ye go and talk blarney about haunting and all that, Oi tell ye, docter, oi'm not a believer in spirits ; and if oi kill Goodhew, and his ghost makes a pother about me afterwards, oi'll hare to «ettie him as well. Look ye, doctor, ye sad the whole lot of 'em want to get me off this duel : but oi've been insulted : and if I put ap with it, oi'll not be worthy of the name of Moo Whirteratallot all.' The next evening we steamed into Hong. Kong Harbour. Mrs. Fuller waa on deck, admiring the effects of the great mountain shadows upon the moonlit water, and of the innumerable twinkling lights from the shore, which mount up and up until they seem to mingle with the etarB. Mac was standing by her chair. 'Mrs, Fuller,' he said, in a low impressive voice, ' this is a beautious scene. It remoulds of Doblin Bay or thc Cove of Cark. It is a sad scene.' ' A sad scene, Mr. MacWkirter !' said Mrs, Fuller. ' Why, I was just thinking it was a gay scene, with all those lights, and ' ' It is a sad scene for those who are looking at it for the last toime, Mrs Fuller,' sad Mac in au almost sepulchral tone. ' Gracious ! asked Mr Mac Whiter, what do you mean?' asked Mrs FuUer. 'What a dreadfully uncomfortable thing to say I' ' Oi mane, Mrs Fuller,' said Mac, 'thatthis toime to-morrow noight there'll bc one less passenger on board the Sicilia.' . Why, of course, Mr Mac Whirler ; for I suppose our little company will be broken .up here, and it is never pleasant separating from kind friends.' 'Ye mistake me,' said Mac. 'The moon that will shoinc to-morrow noight will look upon thc corpse of either Mister Goodhew or of Terence Mac U'hirter ; and it'll be all for the sake of yerself, Mrs Fuller." Mrs Fuller saw that Mac was serions, and the idea flashed across her mind that the two rivals for her hand were about to fight a duel on her account, BO she resolved to take the earliest opportunity of speaking to the captain. ¡she did speak to thc captain, who spoke certain words to her in return. Very carly the next morning, before even the sun had peered round the corner ol The Victoria Peak, thc captain's gig put off from the Sicilia. In it were thc captain himself, thc doctor, Goodhew, Mac, and we outsiders. We were soon alongside the Bund, and in a few seconds were being whisked away in the direction of thc Happy Valley as fast as chairmen could take us. We went swiftly by the cemetery gate and thc Grand Stand to the extreme end of the Valley, where there was no chance of interruption. After each of thu combatants bad been armed with one of thc captain's pistols, , the doctor measured fifteen paces. The coin was spun into thc air. Mac won the toss, and took up his position, as did Goodhew. .Captain, said Goodhew, 'If-if I fall, you'll find a memorandum as to the disposi- tion of my property in a tin box in my cabin. Here's the key.' ' At thc word 1 Three,' said the captain, ' Mr. MacWhirter will fire.' Mac raised his pistol, half closed his left eye, and took aim. ' Ono I Two ! Three !' He fired. Goodhew, with a cry, pressed his hand to his head, and then fell like a stone with one deep groan, The red stain on the right temple told Mac the latal truth. The Irishman's vaunts and tlireats had been justified. ' You've done it, Mac !' whispered the cap- tain in a voice of agony. ' Come away as faBt ns you can. The doctor will attend to the poor fellow, if life still remains. ' And so Mac and thc captain hastened away leaving Goodhew ou the ground, with us gat- hered around him. As we were to shift over to the smaller steamer which was to convey us to Yoko- hama thc next day, and were to bid farewell to Mrs. Fuller and the captain and the old Sicilia thc banquet that evening was of an unusually lavish description : the champagne went merrily round with jest and gibe, a« if there had never been such a being as poor Goodhew in existence. Even Mac aroused himself after a few glasses, although at first he was rather solemn, and remarked : 'Ye're a rum lot, all of ye. If oi'd been killed in- stead of Mister Goodhew, ye'd have enjoyed your dinner and drink all the same, Oi'm sorry for him ; but it'll bo a lesson to Sassenachs not to insult Oirishmen.' Then Mrs. Fuller's health was drank, and the captain's, and every one else's and not until a small-hour of the morning did we think of breaking up. 'I say, Mac,' said the doctor, 'aren't you afraid of seeing poor Goodhew to- night ?' ' Whisht, doctor ; ye've taken more thon's good for ye ! was the contemptuous reply. As the ship's bell tolled two o'clock, we Srepared to turn into bed, when the saloon oor opened quietly, and a tall figure, ghastly white, with a crimson patch on its face, glided a few inches in. Mac was seated next to the door, and saw it. His cigar fell from his fingers, beads of perspiration burst upon bia forehead, and he trembled violently. ' What on earth is the matter, Mac 1 we asked. ' Why ¡-Don't ye sec Î There, at the door 1-Him 1 Mister Goodhew ! stammered Mac. ' Nonsense, man ; you're dreaming. There's nobody there at all I' we said. 'Strikes me you've had a drop too much, Mac,' said the doctor quietly. The figure still stood there with its eyes fixed on Mac, who, after remaining for a -few moments petrified with horror, rushed with a shriek into his cabin. Such a night as thc poor fellow passed will never be known to auy one but himself, al- though it was manifest that ho was under- going extreme agony by the groans and smothered cries which we heard for a long time after he had turned in. He was not visible at breakfast the next morning; nothing was seen of him during the process of transferring passengers, mails, and baggage from the Sicilia to the Yokohama steamer; and we began to fear that the poor fellow had really been affected by what he had seen, and taken somo rash step. However, about an hour before our starting-time, it was reported that Mac had come on board. There was a festive assembly in the saloon, the captain, doctor, and officers of thc Sicilia being our guests, although an unusual spruceness in the general costume proclaimed that the affair was something more than a mere return of thc compliment paid us by tho captain of the I Sicilia on the previous evening. Tho doctor had risen to his feet, was clear- ing his throat preparatory to an important speech, when thc saloon door was pushed opened, und Mac looked iu- not the careless, i swaggering Mac of past days but haggard, weiro, scarcely human, with unkept lock and bloodshot eyes. Goodhew was seated next the pretty Londoner. ' Ilillo, Mac, old fellow : come in, come in ; you're just in time,' he said. ' By the powers !' exclaimed Mac, * ye're not dead, Mister Goodhew !' ' No, old fellow.' replied Goodhew, with a laugh. ' But if your pistol had carried a bullet, I should have been*' , But thc blood on your forehead-I saw it !' cried Mac.-* And Mrs Fuller-she's wid ye, I sec !' ' No, no, Mac ; wrong this time,' returned Goodhew, smiling. ' There was no blood on my forehead ; and it isn't Mrs. Fuller that's bcBidc me.' ' Whisht, man ! I'm not draining now ; I know what I'm talking about,' exclaimed Mac. ' D'ye mane that there was no blood on your forehead after I'd hit ye, and d'ye mane that it ins't Mrs. Fuller alongside of ye at all ?' ' \\*cs, old fellow,' said Goodhew, rising, and stretching out his hand to the bewildered Irishman. ' Thc mark on my forehead was only a little roi paint carried in the palm of my hand, and ready to bc slapped on the moment you discharged your deadly weapon ! and the lady ' ' Yes, yes, thc lady!' interposed Mac with eagerness. * The lady was made Mrs. Goodhew about a couple of hours back,' calmly replied the Kuglisbnian. ' Give us your hand, and drink our healths.' Mac did both, and ever after remained a firm friend of Goodhew's, although always a little touchy on the subject of ghosts. > I CAru?i!>cre's Journal. 