ITEMS OF NEWS. Tin; first match this season for the Sum merfield Clinllenge Gup, between tlio Me chanics' aud Wagga Cricket Clubs, is ar ranged to take place on Saturday, tho 7th November. Tho trophy is at present in the hands of tho Wagga Club, tliey having held it at tho closo of last season. The Umbango Club have withdrawn thoir chal lenge to play for tho Summcriield Cup on the 9tli November, and the Bttrraugong Club have accoptcd tho invitation of tho Wagga Association to play a match here on that date A meeting waB held in St. Michael's Schoolroom on Sunday last, immediately after the 11 o'clock mass, to receive the Treasurer's report, and to transact othor business in connection with tiic building of the now Catholic Church. Amongst tho Jadies prosent were Mesdames P. J. M'Alis tor, J. Donnolly, Ben., J. C. M'Alistor, W. Bowen, Boon, T. H. Cummins, aud others. Tho gontlemen wore represented by Dr. O'Connor, Messrs. P. Moran, M. N. Cal laglmn, P. J. M'Alistor, M. Treaeoy, sen., M. Bronnan, M. H. Fonncll, D. Malier, J, Nash, P. Ryan, W. Carow, W, Keohan, — Caralon, H. Hnml, 0. Kelly, W. Tatliain, M. Brett, aud others. The Rev. Father Walsh was also present. The Very Rev. P. Dunne, oecupicd the chair, aud placcd the balance-sheet befere the mooting, which Bliowed that great ecouomy had been used in carryiug on the work by clay labour, aa there was a saving of £700 to £800 upon tho original tender in tho amount of work now done. After tho Treasurer's report had been read and approved of. tho following resolu tion was proposed by Mr. M. Brennan, seconded by Mr, Trcacy, ably supported by Dr. O'Connor, and carricd unanimously:— " That those who promised subscriptions in aid of tho building of the now church bo requested to redeem their promises as Bonn as possible, and that arrangements ho made by the Committee to canvass the town and district tu solicit subscriptions from those who havo not as yet subscribed towards the building fund." Tho Very Rev. Chairman Uicn thanked the ladies and gentlemen for their attendance, uud said that the resolution which had been passed strengthened and encouraged him in appealing to tho people for ineaus to carry on the work, as he felt sure that when bucked up by tho majority of tho congregation, ho would be ablo to continue tho work without incurring any considerable debt, and have that portion of tho building upou wliioli they were at pre sent engaged completed within twelve months. Ho /remarked that thoy had al* , ready received substantial proof of the ttoedwiU aud sympathy of their non«Catholie friends, and the beat proof that Catholics were not exclusive in their dealings was, that out of twelve ineu employed on the church works, only four were Catholics. Subsequently Mr. W. Carew subscribed £10 to ths fuuds, and Mr. Brett promised £o, in addition to his £10 already paid, '1 Osas a Mouth " for October baa readied us, aud still sustaiua its character as a wel come addition to the library table. The principal engraving is an ailmirublo likeness of the lata Marcus Clarke. " Australian author aud journalist." and it is accompanied by a faithful biography of the gifted writer, from the pen of a brother journalist, Henry G. Turner. The novel "Jacobi's wife " is continued, and the interest in it appears to be culminating towards an early conclusion. " Ncglccting Number One" is au amusing narrative; and " By Sea and Lake " is con cluded, and the last chapter affords the artist an opportunity of depicting Lake 2?euchatel from two points of view very cloverly. •* A trip to Mount Gambler," with numerous illustrations, is entertaining, and the remainder of the magazine cousists of articles upon literature, music, chess, & which combine to render it a very good shillings' worth. Is another columu will be fouud the uom« inations for the Sheffield Handicap of the Oddfellow's Sports, on the 9th proximo, and in our uexfc issue the handicaps for the same will be published. The Garrick Dramatic Club have definitely determined to give their initial performance on the 12th inst., and the piece selected "Won at Last," is in every respect suitable for the occasion. It embraces a healthy sentiment, is full of fun, and "all the world and his wife" may confidently see it and be amused. It is notified elsewhere that on Friday next, the 23rd inst, a meeting of the share holders of the Protestant Hall Company will be held at the Criterion Hotel, iu order to make arrangements for laying the foundation atone of the building. It will be seen by an advertisement in another columu that Mr. F. E. Hiscocks intends to bring his large company of min strels here for a couple of nights, com* mencing on the 20th October. When it is remembered that this compuuy, which comprises vocalists and instrumentalists of a high class, have been able to play in Mel bourne and Sydney for six months in a season, we may reasonably oxpect that on the two nights they will appear here, they will prove to be exceptionally attractive. It will not be forgotten that " Billy Bent" is among the crowd, to say nothing of a host of favourites, and we are quite sure that the entire company will not regret their visit. Last evening Colour-Sergeant Howarfc left for Sydney to tako part in the annual prize shooting of the N.S.W. Rifle Association. He was preceded by Privates \V. Howarth, E. Boswellf and C. Wall, of the local corps. We are glad to uotice that through the interference of the election the Horticultural Society's Flower Show has been postponed until the «Jrd aud 4fch of November, and in consequence the date of receiving entries has been extended until the 31st instant. At a meeting of the Wagga Cricket Asso ciation, held last week, permission was grauted to the Newtown Cricket Club to change the name of the club to the Wacaa Cricket Club. hh Shooting for Mr. J. Ryan's trophies will be resumed ou Saturday next, and we are requested to state that members will obtain their ammunition at the Armoury, before going to the range. It is notified elsewhere that on Friday next, the 23rd instaut, a meeting of the shareholders of the Protestant Hall Com pany will bo held at the Criterion Hotel, in order to make arrangements for laying the foundation stone of the building. We notice by an advertisement in auother columu that Mr. W. Hand has been ap» pointed agent in Wagga for the National Mutual Life Association. It should be hardly necessary to add that in tho bauds ot such an cnergotiu and trustworthy man of business as Mr. Raud is well known to lie, the association he rejtfeacuts should reap great bouefit from his efforts, Tns Cootamundm Herald says " Mr. James Gibb informs us that, while away with sheep up the mountains a few days ago, he had a very disturbing dream, in which he be saw his daughter (Mrs. M J. Mullaly) as a Queensland ghost her children appealing to him for succour, and her husband help lessly postratcd. He made a note of the dream uoxt morning, and iuformcd those who were with him of the circumstances. A day or two afterwards he was informed of Mr. Mullaly's death I'' The Narandem Jrgm of Saturday last says:—•' Early ou Wednesday morning it was rumoured in the town that the prisoner Henry Neville had confessed that he com mitted the murder of Mary O'Brien, and in the course of an hour or two the news was generally disseminated through the town. The details of his confession are, of course, in possession of the authorities, but as he since revoked his statement, and is tinder committall upon tho capital charge, it is obvious that no fiuthsi' publicity should be given to this matter. It is only "fair to state that the action of Sub-inspector Brennan, Senior-sergeant Vavghan and tho oiticors under tliem in this case, has been marked by temperatencss and judgment in the face of a large amount of ill-judged adverse comment. Nisses's Cafe, Melbourne, with the allot ment of land on which it stands, having 33 feet frontage to Bourkc-street, aud extending back to Littlo Bourkc- street, was bought 011 Friday by Messrs. Parcr Brothers, restaurant keepers, Bourkc-street, for £32,750. At Gundagai a few days ago the local justices assembled at tho Court-house, at tho invitation of the Police Magistrate, to form a roster. The same plan might be adopted m Wagga with advantage. S111 Henry Parkes has called the present Government " burglars " and " felons." The Sydney Daily Telegraph says he might have gone further and callcd thein '1 bushrangers," or the " Want-a-Badgcry Ministry." Tuk Sou published three times a week, is now pub lished daily. The Sydney licensing bench 011 Wednes day declined to grant a license for an hotel in connection with the Bijou Theatre, pro posed to be erected at the corner of Pitt and Park streets. Tho application was strongly opposed on behalf of the Congregational Church. Tub funeral of the late Professor Smith tuok place last Wednesday afternoon, aud was very largely attended. The students of tho University marched iu front of tho cortdge, aud the professors walked ou eithor side of tho hearse. Then followed a long train of private carriages, containing many prominent citizens. The remains were iu terrcd in tho Wavcrley Cometery. • At a meeting of tho committco of tho Chamber of Commoreo ou Wednesday last tho sub?ect of tho San Francisco mail sorvico was discussed. Tho committee deprecated any service via San Francisco which is not a direct ono, and strongly disapproved of a combined sorvico, which lias to bo submitted to Parliament. Mr. XV. G. Murray, tho chairman, was olectcd to represent tho Cham bcrof Commercoat tho Congress of Chambers of Commerce to bo held in London in 1886. Hehk Hoewitz, whom our fathers and grandfathers know as tho most famous chess pluycr of Ill's day, died at his residence in London last Saturday, at the age of 80. The Daily Arews this week had a vory ap preciative little noto upon him. Mr, A. W. Hornby— Monkey Hornby, as his friends foudly call him—tho famous amateur cricketer, is announced as the Con servative candidate for Accrington at tho ueneral election. Cricket and polities seem to have made au alliance. Lord Harris is an Undor-Seeretary of State, and Mr. Hornby aspires to ho a legislator. Cardinal Morau is stiil at work in Irolaud making a selection of candidates for priestly mission work His Emineuce is received with great enthusiasm wherever he goes. A 1-ahg Ely-attend ED meeting or Austin. Han wool producers and others wa6 held at Scott's Hi-tel Melbourne, ou Tuesday after noon, in order to consider tho advisability of opening up a market for Australian wool in China, Japan, aud British India. About 200 gentlemen were present. Sir James M'Cul loch occupied tho chair, and (roports the Anjun) iu opening tho proceedings, com mciitcd upon tho largely-increased produc tion of wool both in Australia and South America, which rendered it exceedingly probable that unless new markets wcro opened up, the very low prices at present ruling would continue, even if a still further fall did not take place Tho importation of Australian wool into Euglaud had more then doubled during tho last 1-1 years. Mr. It. W. Syunot (of Messrs. Monckton D. Synnot Brothers, the convenera of the meeting) read ill interesting statement of the proposals liithorto made with tho view of securing a i market for Australian wool iu China aud 1 i Japan. Mr. George Fairbairn, son., moved the fust resolution, which affirmed the necessity for associated effort, oxpresacd ap proval of the formation of a Wool Growers Association of Australasia, and appoiutcd the provisional committee already aolectcd as a general committeo to sccurc united action in all matter affccting the wool growing in tcrests. The motiou was aocouded by Mr. Loughrian, and earned uiiamiously. On the motion of Mr. J. h. Currio, the following gentlemen wore oppoiulcd au executive sub committee to take prompt action with the view of extending the trade in wool and woo'ens with Chiua, Japan, and British India viz. Sir W. J. Clarke, Part, Mr. C. M. Oliiccr. M.L.A., Messrs. A. llowau, F. E. Smith, A Loughnan, J. L. Currie, V. W. Arniytage, D. F Godfrey, G. L<\ Stewart, and M. IX Synnot, with power to add to their number. Sir George Yerdon moved the establishment of a fund to be adminis tered by the executive committee, which was agreed to. The utmost unanimity was displayed, and it was agreed that it would bo advisable to establish woolen factories in the countries icferred to. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to Messrs. M. D. Synuot Bros, for their energy in the matter, and the meeting closed with the usual vote to the chairman. At about 3 o'clock on Tuesday morning (the Melbourne Aye reports) Mrs. Catherino Johnson, who accupied a six-roomed brick house at 149, Exhibition- street, wosawtkened by a crackling noise, and on t^oing outside discovered that the back room on the ground floor was on fire. The only occupant of the room was a young woman named Nellie Barlow, employed as a domestic servant, who had retired to rest about 1 a m., Mrs. Johnson having gone to bed half-an- hour later, when no signs of fire were visible. Mrs. Johnson raised an alarm, which brought to her assistance a neighbour, who carried buckets of water and endeavoured to ex tinguish the flames. Two constables also came to her assistance, and being informed that there was a woman in the back room succeeded iu extricating her dead body, which was literally burnt to a cinder. Meanwhile a message had been sent by tele phone from the Russell-street barracks to the Insurauce Fire Brigade, who arrived promptly, and extinguished the fire, which was confined to the bedroom and kitchen and the apartment above. Fekls Young Again*,—" My mother waB afflicted a long time with neuralgia and a dull, heavy, inactive condition of the whole system, headache, nervous prostration, and was almost helpless. No physicians ot medi cines did her any good. Three monlhB ago she began to uso Hop Bitters, with such good effect that she seems aad feels young, again, although over seventy years old,"—i hady in E. I. Look up.—Adv. 