Country News. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] FOREST GROVE, July 4. IT will perhaps interest some of your readers to hear something of our little township, which I believe is hardly known in the southern part of Queensland. Up till lately everything has been very dull up here on account of the last drought, from which the residents in this district nave hardly recovered yet; but things are beginning to look brighter since the last rain, of which we had a very good share. Thst country all around looks splendid, and grass and water are plentiful. There is any amount of stock moving; during the past week about 2800 fat and store cattle and 28,000 sheep passed through here. The township has been surveyed lately, and there is every sign of this place Improving. AM soon as tne land is sold a good many buildings will go up, for which numbers of people are waiting now. To-day there was an influential meeting at the Commercial Hotel, Mr. H. Saunders Shaw, J.P., in the chair; the object, of course, was races. From the spirit that ruled the meeting throughout, I am confident the movement will be crowned with success. Over £90 was subscribed in the room, and it was decided to run the race* on the 20th of August. The pro* gramme cut ont includes Forest Grove Handi cap of ttsevs., sweep of 2 soys. to second horse} Corinthian Bice of a bracelet to first, seoond, and third horse, presented by Messrs. J. Samuels and Co., John Coleman, and Merchin and Grey; and Flying Handicap of 26 soys, and four other events. Nominations will be received'for Handicap to 29th July; general entry, 19th August. The Forest Grove Hotel was visited on the morning of the 3rd July by a burglar; the oashbox in the bar, with the contents of about £40, was stolen. The matter was reported te) the police here the following morning, aad tha way in which they went about their business reflects great credit upon them. Without the slightest clue they managed to drop across a haystack, aud discovered a ration bag contain ing the cheques, amounting to £31 12s. 4d», and shortly afterwards secured the man (a traveller passing through), who had a spell for a few days. into* oun owk coiutnapoifDßirra.] MAYTOWN, June 29. Social affairs have been rather mixed of late owing to the eccentric behaviour of certain members of the divisional board who are most persistent in their efforts to varry on public business their own way. After several speoial audits of the books by what they are pleased to call essperts, the late clerk is to be prosecuted for alleged embenlement, larceny of the board's property, falsification of the books, and irregularities. The general opinion is that it is simply spite and persecution against a man who for six years has held positions of trust on the field, and who has frequently received com mendation from the Government auditors. A rather ludicrous affair occurred lately when the committee of the School of Arts, after giving notice to the board of removal to other premises, were prevented by the chairman from taking away the hooks and furniture. The chairman excitedly rushed to the hall, closed the door, and despatched the clerk for two constables, ordering them on arrival to take the offending committee in charge, which the aforesaid members of the force refused to do. Last Tuesday was quite a field day at court, when there were several new departures on the part of litigants, notably that of a local boni face, who at a previous court lost a small debts case, and at once summoned the C.P.S. for damages. After a loDg hearing the vendor of liquor was defeated, and adjudged to pay £2 17s. costs. Considerable consternation was caused here on Friday on the receipt of telegrams from Cooktown to the effect that the Minister for. Works had determined to open the first section of the railway, and that the construction of tne rest of the line to Maytown was contingent on the first section paying A public meeting took place on Saturday night to protest Sainst such summary action and vigorous dresses were made by several speakers. No political references were made, but the feeling was unanimous to have another meeting when a memorial signed by the residents will be pre sented for adoption and forwarded to the Government. If our hopes for a railway to this goldfield rest upon the financial success of the freight and passenger returns to the Nor manby, 32J miles, then we may at once abandon our dream of the iron horse. No more legiti mate railway was ever planned, and when opened to Maytown it will create population, open the numerous reefs through the advent of capitalists, and more than pay the interest on cost of construction. It would be throwing money away with a vengeance to stop at the •gd of the first section, seeing that over £190,000 will have been expended when the contract is finished. JOHNSTONE RIVER, June 15. SOME six months have elapsed since any news of this district and township appeared in your columns, during which period very con siderable improvements have been made in Geraldton and its neighbourhood—the most important being the establishment of a Land Court for the Johnstone-Mourilyan district; the erection of new post and telegraph offices; and the opening of telegraph communication with the outer world, via Cardwell. A new police lockup has also been built, and the court-house is undergoing several alterations. Most of the streets have been cleared of timber and undergrowth, but still remain in a very primitive state, and with the continued heavy rain we have experienced for the last four months, they more resemble " sloughs of despond" than public highways. The weather since February has been almost continuous downpour of rain, and at time of writing there appears little or no sign of abatement. The rainfall for April was 27.55 in., with twenty seven wet days out of the thirty in the month. The May returns are not yet published, but they will probably show a larger amount of rain for this locality than those for April, and June's will not be far below them, unless there is a very decided change during the next fortnight. These rains appear to be entirely local, as but little rain has fallen within a comparatively short distance from us ; Cairns and Cardwell, our nearest ports towards North and South, having experienced nothing approaching the rains we have enjoyed; whilst towards tbe interior it is evident that the wet has not reached the ranges, or otherwise the river would have been flooded a month ago. During the off season the plantations on the river have been increasing and improv ing their plants of sugar manufacturing machinery. At the Queensland Company's plantation increased steam power has been pro vided for and some alterations have been made in the mill, and should the weather prove favourable crushing will most probably com mence about the 1st of next month. At the Mourilyan Sugar Company's premier planta tion of the river, another large boiler has been added to the four already on the mill premises, and extensive fitters' and lathe workshops have been put up, together with engineer's quarters. At this establishment a few months have been occupied in refining the coarse quality of sugar which had been forwarded to the Southern markets for sale, but returned to the planters, the price offered not being remunerative; but lately active preparations have been going on for the crushing season, which will begin at Mourilyan in a few days. Innisfail, Messrs. T. H. Fitzgerald and Co.'s property, has been virtually at a standstill for some time, only a few kanakas under an over seer being retained on the place, all other hands, white and coloured, having been dis charged. No arrangements have been made so far for crushing this season, but report says that it is possible operations will be continued this year as formerly, but under entirely different management. A new plantation, with mill, etc,. will shortly be at work at Goondi, an estate situated eight miles from Geraldton, up the north branch of the Johnstone, but only two and a half miles from the township by land. Work is being carried on here with the greatest activity, despite the unfavourable state of the weather, in order to be ready for the crushing plant which is arriving from the South by steamer Gympie and schooners Sarsfield, Matilda Jane, and another, the sailing vessels being towed up to the Goondi wharf by the steam launch belong ing to the establishment, where the cargoes were discharged with ease and despatch. The Mourilyan Sugar Company have had to dispense with the services of twenty-six New Guinea "boys" alleged, by the recent Poly nesian Commission, to have been illegally re cruited for plantation work, as Mr. S. S. Bowles, assistant district inspector of kanakas accompanied by Mr. M. O'Donohue, C.P.S., and three constables, proceeded on the 4th June to Mourilyan and took delivery of the boys, the manager of the establishment making no opposition to their removal beyond a formal protest. On Sunday, the 7th June, the Elamang, s., arrived in Mourilyan Harbour from Brisbane and Townsville. having on board as passengers Messrs. Nash (director of the Mourilyan Sugar Oompany), Benjamin, Severin, Howies, Der ham, and others. Captain Lake brought his steamer alongside the wharf with the greatest ease and dexterity, notwithstanding the size of the vessel and the somewhat difficult entrance to the harbour. Captain Lake was agreeably surprised at the size and safety of the harbour, and the facilities for mooring the largest-sized vessels, and it is generally understood that from the lst of next month tho large steamers of tho A.S.N. Company will make regular fort nightly calls at Mourilyan on their trips north wards. At the invitation of Mr. Nash, managing director, and Mr. Langdon, manager of the Mourilyan Sugar Company, the before-men tioned passengers per Elamang proceeded by the company's steam tramway to their planta tion. At the plantation they were entertained at luncheon, and spent the day in viewing the splendid crushing-mill and refining machinery, and concomitant outworks and buildings erected on the estate, all the visitors being astonished at the extent and completeness of the plan and its surroundings, and also at the large area of land under cane, the whole crop of which presented a most healthy appearance, notwith standing tho wet weather that has been expe rienced. The visitors left on Sunday evening to go on board the Elamang, and that steamer after discharging her cargo sailed for the north on the following morning. Pending the erection of a permanent hos pital, for which tenders closed on the 12th, the Government sent up a number of tents and medicine before Christmas, and these were under the care of the local O.P.S. and Mr. S. S. Bowles, assistant" district inspector of kanakas, and have proved of great service since they were erected on the hospital reserve malarial fever having been very prevalent here during the last six months, several deaths having occurred in that period. Since the arrival of Dr. Bancroft, our recently appointed medical officer, the whole of the temporary hospital management has been handed over to his care. The Land Oourt for the Mourilyan district was held on the 3rd instant, before Mr. Commissioner O'Donohue, when certificates were granted for the following selections :— Kate Reardon, 1280 acres; E. B. Forrest, 1280 acres; John Gibbie, 1280 acres; James Gul land, 1280 acres; R. R. Smellie, 1280 acres ;L. Stamp, 159 acres, homestead; and W. B. Browne, 1280 acres. Messrs. Deshon and Sword arrived at Gerald ton from Cairns per steamer Burdekin, on the night of tbe 3rd instant, and, notwithstanding the pouring rain at the time of their arrival and the lateness of the hour, they were welcomed at the wharf by the Land Commis sioner, representatives of the divisional board, and the residents. On the following morning Messrs. Deshon and Sword met the Johnstone Divisional Board, and discussed the following suggestion, which had previously been drawn np by the local board at a special meeting con vened for the purpose :—l. That in surveys of the future township in the Johnstone-Mouril yan district, all timber should be felled, cleared, and burnt off before the land is offered for sale, so that intending purchasers could see the actual nature and state of the ground, in place of buying it in ignorance of its charac teristics (or vulgarly expressing it "a pig ia a poke"); the cost of the extra work to oe in cluded in the upset price of the land when put up for sale. —Agreed to by the members of the Land Board. 2. That Government be ap- 6 lied to for grants of reserves for churches, tate schools, recreation grounds, and gardens. —The Land Board's decision in this case was that they bad no power to deal with reserves for churches, but that they approved of grant ing the recreation ground and garden reserves. Regarding the State school, it was necessary first for the public to subscribe an adequate amount for a Duilding fund and afterwards to send a statement of " ways and means," and an application for a reserve, to the Minister for Public Instruction. 3. That the present Government reserve, section No. 3, on the Geraldton Esplanade, should be put up for auction in the usual manner, and as soon aa possible.—Reply by the Lead Board: that this reserve was required by Government, but that builders thereon had better address the Minister for Lands and state a case for his in formation. 4. That the Land Board's atten tion be drawn to the difficulties encountered by selectors in the district, in keeping bailiffs upon their outside selections, on account of preva lence of bheks in the district and the depreda tions almost daily, and that it was a matter of great difficulty to secure the services of any two white men as bailiffs, even at high wages ; and that it was desirable to establish two camps of native troopers on the river, one in the north and the other in the siuth district.— Messrs. Deshon and Sword promised to bring this subject before the Colonial Secre tary, ana also the matter comprised in suggestion No. 5, which was to the effect that it be pointed out to the Land Board the disadvantages under which the Johnstone board was placed as compared to other boards on account of the very excep tional nature of the country and the fact that no selection was approachable until heavy expenses had been incurred in connection with it; moreover, that it be explained to the Land Board that, when offering more land for selec tion, it would be absolutely necessary to obtain more Government pecuniary aid for the pur pose of making roads, to enable the settlers to view the land and bring up their required pro visions and necessaries thereby. 6. That the country between the Johnstone River and Mourilyan Harbour be thrown open for home stead selections of 160 to 480 acres each. The Land Commissioners stated that this last pro posal was already before the Surveyor-General. After the conference of the two boards was concluded, Messrs. Deshon and Sword, and also Mr. J. M'Donnell, Under Secretary of the Postal Department, accompanied Mr. Adams in a steam launch to Goondi plantation, of which the last-named gentleman is manager. Although the weather was very unfavourable for the trip, the visitors inspected the estate, buildings, ftc, and expressed themselves much pleased with the establishment and all they saw. The next day was spent by the Commis sioners and Mr. M'Donnell in visiting the Queensland Company's and the Mourilyan Company's plantations, on tbe south branch of the river, and they were fortunate in having a fine day for their excursion. They were much surprised at the size and completeness of arrangements on the two named plantations— more especially the latter; and after having enjoyed the hospitality of the Mourilyan Com pany's manager and staff they proceeded by . the company's private steam tramway to Mou rilyan Harbour, where they embarked for Townsville per Palmer, s., which was waiting for thero. Mr. King, head of the Customs Department, has also paid us an official visit of inspection, with a view of making Geraldton a port of entry; all shipping business in connection with the Johnstone having at present to be done at Oardwell (sixty miles south), which is a great inconvenience to shipmasters. Captain Heath is also expected very shortly, and a tidal signal station is to be established at the river heads. A new store is in course of erection, and tbe publication of a local newspaper is being spoken of, so wo are in a fair way of advancement; but Mr. Lewis, our newly appointed P.M., although gazetted two months ago, has not yet arrived. Since writing the foregoing, the wet season has broken, and there is every promise of con tinued fine weather. CAIRNS, July 4, Suoab crushing has now commenced in earnest. The Pioneer Plantation (Hop Wah) Company has been turning out sugar for the last month. At Hambledon, Messrs. Swallow and Derham's plantation, the density of the juice has considerably improved, owing to the fine weather, and continues to range very satis factorily. The Pyramid Company aro now ready to make a start: they commence crush ing cane on Monday next. The cane on this plantation is looking in splendid condition. It is expected the Cairns district will export fully 3000 tons of sugar this season. The result ot the Gtfrernm'ent land sale held I here on the 29th June was a great surprise to the local residents. There were only (en allot ments of a quarter-acre each offered fof ssJle. They are situated at a distance of about one mile from the town wharf and face the bay. The competition was very spirited, and the first allotment, corner frontage, realised £201; the balance sold from £157 to £165 per allotment, making an average of £650 per acre. The most satisfactory feature of this affair is that the bidding came from Southern capitalists, and shows the confidence that is felt in the fdtttre prosperity of Cairns. The merchants and storekeepers of Cairns will probably be petitioning the Government to have the next postal contract for George town and the Etheridge, to run from Cairns, via Herberton. There is already a good track made from Herberton, which reduces the dis tance to about five days' travelling, while the present postal service, via Townsville, takes nearly a fortnight. The Etheridge residents are also desirous to establish a mail road via Herberton to Cairns. The Redistribution Bill, by which the Worth is to be more fully represented, is exciting a great deal of interest both here in Cairns and in Herberton. The interests of the twe places are identical, and it is probable there will be an agitatien got up requesting the Government to give these two districts representation by a member for the two. There are already over 120 persons lodging applications for registration on the electoral roll at the court to be holden here on Tuesday next. As it is anticipated there may be an election before the end of the year, the residents entitled to vote are be stirring themselves in view of such an event. The labour schooner Flora arrived here from the Solomon Islands last Thursday with seventy-two Pacific Islanders, who were in splendid condition. She left yesterday for the Johnstone Biver. The M.U.1.0.0.F. Sooiety have formed a lodge in Cairns. A number of people are joining, and it promises to be a success. The nominations for the new municipality will be lodged on Monday next. It is not anticipated that there will be any election, as there are very few names to select for candida ture to the office of alderman. There are over 250 ratepayers within the proposed municipality, but unfortunately there are only about fifty of this number that are registered as freeholders and householders—so the election of the fittest has to be taken from this limited number. Mr. R. A. Kingsford, it is expected, will be elected as the mayor. NANANGO, Jnne 30. Ok the 23rd and 24th instant the Nanango Racing Clnb held their annual races, which were a great success, as far as the quality and number of the horses was concerned. The club is to be congratulated upon the new saddling paddock and stewards' room just erected; it is a great improvement upon the old one. It is to De hoped tbe clnb will go on and further improve the course; it is needed in many ways. On the evening of the first day of the races, a concert was held in the town hall, under the auspices of the club. Mr. 8. Mendelsohn deserves great praise for the trouble he has taken to bring the concert to a successful issue. All the more praise is due, as the performers, with one exception, consisted of boys and girls attending school. They seemed to be a bright and quick-witted lot of children. The part taken by a young gentle man—a noted amateur—was very well rendered. The two little girls played their parts very creditably, and the tableau " Pepper's Ghost } or, the Manager's Troubles" went very smoothly. The concert was a success financially, and, with regard to the attendance being good, I can personally say from experience that the hall waa crammed. I forgot to mention that Mr. Mendelsohn, assisted by the Dramatic Club, gave a concert on last Bt. Patrick's night, which was also a great success. On the night of the last day of the races the usual ball was held in tbe town hall, at which about 100 persons were present, who seemed to enjoy themselves, and, I believe, danced nntil day light WINTON, July 5. Winton Is still going ahead in the building line. Messrs. Tilbury and Co. have erected a new receiving store, 50ft. by 20ft. John Parrell, of the Commercial Hotel, is putting up a com modious billiard-room. I was about to talk big re Government neglect in not hastening the school erection, but as a telegram has just been received stating that every effort will be made for its completion, I will hold off. Still, if a Srovisional ■chool could be arranged whilst the tate school is building it would be a great boon, as our little private school here is with great difficulty kept going, and that only at the expense of a few. Cobb and Co. have laid in a splendid lot of hay, so that their horses will not run short of a feed. Our townsman, T. B. Feltham, has quite recovered from his bnggy accident. ♦lacing has been all the go this last week, the meeting being a most successful one, Fair Jane winning the double—that is, the Winton and North Gregory Turf Club Handicaps. The added money and Calcutta sweeps for the three days came to £1081; £749 passed through the totalisator, more than ever previously. This shows that there is plenty of vitality in the North Gregory district. The settling passed oft very satisfactorily. Our energetic hon. secretary, in his speech, gave us the pleasing information that when a few outstanding accounts are collected our race olub will be for the first time free from debt. Mr. Campbell, of Corfield and Fitzmaurice, gave a capital luncheon on the racecourse, and the number who partook of his hospitality was legion. However, both Mr. and Mrs. Campbell seemed to be quite delighted at the way their hospi tality was appreciated. Our dramatic club gave a performance during the race week, in aid of tho hospital. The house was crowded, some £21 being taken at the doors. A large number of racehorses have been raffled for this week—namely, Sefton, Perricania, Fair Jane, Comus, Commotion, Atholbrose, Maud, and My Word. In some instances the owners either won them back or repurchased them. Something like £1000 has been spent during the last week in this sort of amusement. The spielers were not allowed to carry on their little games on the course this year ; the consequence, I am sadly afraid, will be that they will do a little stealing on their own account before we see their backs. Two of these gentry were here in February last, and were sentenced by Judge Miller, who held his court here last Wednesday, for three years ; they robbed a drunken roan. Their capture does great credit to Sergeant O'Keefe and Constable Power, who exercised both patience and pluck in bringing them to justice. Thete wae one well-known gentleman at the races who earned for himself the cogfcemen of "Dry Hash," owing to the ingeniousl way in which he saved himself expense. Son?* few" may recognise the gentleman under this nttee* Mr. McLean has sold some twenty-one head Of horses at prices varying from £8 10*. to £30, but that, I believe, is the only sale made worth notice. Two poor fellows have died of late, one named Timothy ScanneH and the other named Martin. Our hospital has still a fair comple ment of patients, but the health of the towns people w remarkably good, nearly all the patients coming from the various stations. Many of the stations have not subscribed, and otheM Only very small amounts. This is not as it should pe. The townspeople put down their dollars han^omely. What a pity that a friendly rivalry should not spring up between town and country t»? see which can give the most 1 I believe our treasurer w°«ld b»°k th« Oity of the Plains for any aDO" 111' . ,  Father Comerford is now oere, and holds mass this evening, much to the benefit of our Roman Catholic brethren. Than* «ood? l e»i we have no religious prejudices here,' M* w*»* we can give Brisbane the "go-by." BLACKALL, July £ Tfili first thing that the residents of a neW western township turn to after they have become a little settled is the formation of a racing clttb, and the latest to do this are the people of Jericho. At a meeting held last week the clnb was formed, and a very in fluential committee appointed. Mr. F. R. Murphy was elected president, and Mr. O. Skuthorpe vice- president. The first race meet ting will take place in August, and although the programme has not yet made it* appearance, it is said that the added money will amount to over £300. Jericho is at present very lively and business brisk. .. Talking about racing reminds me that ths? balance-sheet of the late Blackall meeting* hsv» been prepared. £607 was paid away by the club in prizes and sweeps, and £152 6s. Ba, ftaid all expenses in connection with the meet ng. Subscriptions for the past year from members and the public amounted to £344 16s. 6d.; entrances, acceptances, and sweeps brought in £305 155.: sale of racecourse pri vileges, £172 10s.; fines, &c.; £18 10+ i and other revenue realised was £13 14s. 7d. Thw does not look much as if the sport was djinff out in the Blackall portion of the Barcoo, as it was said to be last year. I was not aware thai 1 the Blackall Club was without a racecourse of its own, but such is the case, and the meetings have been held hitherto on the course belonging to the late Barcoo Racing Clnb, the consent of the trustees of it having first to be obtained. An effort is being made to induce the com mittee to secure tbe course for the Blackall Club, as they have a balance of nearly £100. and it is saia the trustees are quite wilHog to> transfer it if the existing club will guarantee to pay £130 owing by the defunct one; £100 or so per annum is derived from the course ia rent as a grazing paddock. It is to be hoped the committee will see their way clear to do this, and then the club would be under obliga tion to no one for the use of the convincing ground. The children's annual picnic came off on Saturday last (Coronation Day), and was as successful as, if not more so than, any such pre vious gathering. A large number of prises were offered and won in the usual sports, and a quantity of toys was distributed among the younger portion of the children. There were also a few special prizes given by residents of the town and others for conduct in connection with the school, and were both valuable and useful. A very liberal quantity of cakes and pastry, nuts and lollies, and other edibles were provided, the ladies of the town as usual sending a few choice knicknacs on their own account. About £45 was collected to pay expenses, and it is certain that no one regretted subscribing upon witnessing the numerous happy faces assembled on the recreation reserve. Almost every resident who owned a conveyance and had hones available kindly drove the children, parents, and visitors to and from the ground. A meeting of the Church of England building committee was held last Friday, at which it was stated that Mr. Govett had promised to collect £100 among his friends for the fund, and other subscription lists .had filled satis factorily. As a commencement towards erecting the church and minister's residence, tenders are to be invited for building the parsonage. Mr. Richards, the resident minister, has now been here some time, and has made himself very popular. Mr. John Dickens, who has mansged Terrick station for tbe past five years, but who has now left with his family for the South, was given a farewell luncheon at Tattersalls's Hotel to- day by several residents of Blackall and other friends of the guest. About thirty gentlemen sat down to the spread, and several toasts were proposed and appropriately responded to. Mr. Ranking, the P.M., occupied the chair, and Mr. D. Budge the vice-chair. SURAT, July 11. The polling day for a member of No. 1 Sub division, Warroo Divisional Board, was the 3rd instant. The result was as follows :—Mr. W. Naylor, 64; Mr. M. J. Macartney, 40; in formal votes—Mr. Naylor 8, Mr. Macartney 6. New buildings are being rapidly erected at Surat. Mr. Lawton has had a new stable put up with as good accommodation for racehorses as will be found in any part of the colony, and Mr. J. T. Naylor is building a new store or the most conspicuous site in Surat, which will be an ornament to the main street: Mr. John Williams architect Mr. J. T. Naylor has sown wheat and rye on his allotment, both of which are growing well, and Mr. J. Wood, of Ashton Grove, has a fine field of wheat looking Al, which will be used as horse-feed. We have a supply of bntter and eggs weekly from one of the selections ; butter, 2s. 6d. per lb.; eggs, 3s. Ser dozen; and the supply is not equal to the emand. TENTERFIELD, July 8. In view of the rapidly approaching time when this picturesque and salubrious town will be connected by the track of the iron horse with J our city, your readers may appreciate hear ng of how we in this locality "live, move, and have our being" a little more frequently than hitherto. Notwithstanding the depression in trade which has characterised all the towns in New England, more or less, for some time, there are not wanting signs of advancement amongst us. For the past two or three weeks our Municipal Council have met in their hand some new town hall, where they are puzzling their autrust brains to solve the problem of how to insure a permanent water supply for the ratepayers. The latter have mutinied against the indescribable fluid supplied by the creek. A * large number of ba- mlsome nww dwellisg-ho*o%eq and neat cottages, all suggestive of solidity and permanency, have recently been put up, while extensive renovations and additions are going on amongst the hotels, which are increasing in number in consequence of the railway works, existing and expected. Cobb and Co.'s Glen Innes-Tenterfield section is approaching com pletion ; the rails are now laid from the former place nearly to Bolivia, and it is rumoured that passengers and mails will shortly be conveyed as far as the latter place from Glen Innes on a ballast engine. We expect to see the first train arrive in Tenterfield. no doubt with Lord Car rington on board, about February next, when a "high old time may be safely anticipated. Considerable interest is taken here in the progress of the Stanthorpe-Border extension, most of the trade at this end of it being so far done with Tenterfield. In a very short time we shall know our fate with reference to the break of gauge, though; as it ia quite settled that the workshops and other concomitants of a terminus will be here, the locus of the afore said bone of contention really does not signify so much to us. At all events the decision will be come to almost at once, and, as the Star says this morning, we shall know " whether it's to be victory or Westminster Abbey." I cannot say that the news of the successful sale of tbe Wallangarra town allotments was received with any great jubilation here, though some of the loudest decriers of a "border town" exem plified the difference between practice and Srofession by buying at the sale to a consi erable extent, which they would doubtles have exceeded had their purses been commen surate with the market Of course your readers are aware of the immense impetus which mining has received throughout this district. Almost every busi ness man has got some fine specimens or silver or tin ore to show you ana elicit your con gratulations on his "party" having struck a patch. At Vegetable Creek things are going ahead fast, and with the recent rains, which have greatly facilitated washing operations, and the present high price of tin, everyone is jubilant. A Progress Committee to look after the interests of the town and district has lately been formed there. Pye's Creek de velops rapidly, and new marvels are related of it every day; in fact it seems to be a kind of silver Mount Morgan; but I shall not "jump the claim" of your correspondent there, as I see you have one. Mysterious whispers are abroad of successful prospecting nearer to this locality than any of the above places, but as yet they are too vague and undefined to be reliable. Boorook is the only raining com - munity in the district which is not looking up; in fact it is hinted that the smelting plant there may possibly be removed to the Little Plant mine near Emmaville. 