A, Nautical Superstition. .y jy. /V^ •• * • ; : 5 In" these days of positivism it is quite refreshing: to .meet with fl little touch df old-time supernatural belief, even though it be nothing more than a Bailor's super stition. Elves and fairies, giants and ^ w^rfs,;3ichanted princesses andjwolfinb ogres nave now retired out" of juvenile literature ; the only ghosts that walk are raised by scientific conjurors like Professor. Pepper ; Friday is no longer an unlucky day for beginning a journey or commencing an undertaking it is. even possible to kill a black cat without being haunted by the fear of ill luck; and the upsetting of salt cellars is a matter of no consequence. In fact, the world is getting almost as materialistic as the celebrated Dr Priestley, of whom it was written epitaphically :— Here lies at rest in oaken chcst, Together packed up neatly, The bones and brain*, flesh, blood, and veins, And soul of Dr Priestley. We were therefore rather surprised loBt week to receive a remonstrance from a nantical man about tho reference made to "Klaboterman" in an article descriptive of the Ascalon'e departure. The remonstrator considered that Klaboterman should be treated with the same respectful deference that the Devil - Worshippers; of Mesopotamia show towards the Prince of Darkness, Whose name they never mention, except in an awesome, reverential whisper. AB the majority of our readers^ are probably -unacquainted with the special claims which Klaboterman has on the respect and reverence of sailors, we givo below a poetic version of the Teutonic legend connected with that nautical sprite. . It was written by Longfellow for an American magazine some 15 years ago; and so far as we are aware it is not included in any edition of the poet's collected works. The subjoined version is probably defective in one or two points, aB wo are obliged to quote from memory, but the omissions and alterations cannot be either numerous ; or important:— THE BALLAD OF CAEMILHAN. At Stralsund, by tbe Baltic Sea, Within the sandy bar, At sunset of a summer day, Beady for sea, at anchor lay The good ship Valdemar. The sunlight glanced upon the waves, And gleamed along her side, And through the cabin windows streamed In ripples of golden light, that seemed Like ripples of the tide. There sat the captain and his friends, Oil skippers, brown and hale, Who smoked and grumbled o'er their grog, ' And talked of iceberg and of fog, i. ;jOf calm, and storm, an.1 gale. And one was spinning a sailor's yarn About" Klaboterman," The Kobold of the sea, a sprite Invisible to mortal sight, Who o'er the rigging tto. Sometimes he hammered in the hold, Sometimes upon the mast, Sometimes abeam, sometimes abaft, Or at the bows he sang and laughed, And made all tight and fast. He helps the sailors in their work, And toils with jovial din 1 He helps them hoist and reef the sails, He helps them stow the casks and bales, And bcavc the anchor in. Bnt woe unto the luckless wights, The idlers of the crew : Them to torment is his delight, To worry them from morn till night, And pinch them black and blue. And woe to him whose mortal eyes Klaboterman behold; It is a certain sign of death— The cabin boy here held his breath, And felt his blood run cold. The jolly skipper paused awhile, And thus again began— " There k a^spectre ship," said he, " A ship of the dead, that sails the sea, And her name is tbe Carmiihan. " She haunts the Atlantic, north and south, But mostly the mid-sea, Where three great rocks rise bleak and bare Like fornace chimneys in the air, And are called the Chimneys Three. "And ill betide the luckless ship That meets the Carmiihan ! Over her decks the 6cas must sweep ;— She must go down into the deep And perish, mouse and man. The captain ©f the Yaldemar Laughed loud with merry heart. " I should like to 6ee that ship," said he, "I should like to see those Chimneys Three That are marked down on the chart. " I have sailed right over the spot," he said> With a good stiff breeze behind, When tbe wind wis fair and the sky was clear— You may follow my course by these pinholes'here— And never a rock could find." And then he swore a fearful oath ; He 6wore by the Holy Three, That should he meet with the Carmiihan He would run her down, although he ran Bight into eternity. Eight bells, and suddenly abaft With a great rush of ruin, Making the ocean white with spume, In darkness like the day of doom, On came the hurricane. The lightning flashed from cloud to cloud And tore ttie dark in two— A jaggei flame, a single jet Of winte fixe, like a bayonet, That pierced the eyeballs through. Then all around was dark again And blacker than before, But in that single flash of light The captain saw a.fearful sight, And thought of the oath he swore. For right ahead lay the ship of the dead' The ghostly Carmiihan 1 Her masts were stripped, her yards were bare, But on her bowsprit, poised in air, Stood the Klaboterman. Her crew of ghosts were all on deck Or clambering up the shrouds ; The boatswain's whistle, the captain's hail Were like the piping of the gale And thunder of the clouds. And just behind tlie phantom ship '1 here rose up from the sea, As from a foundered bark of stone, Three bare and splintered masts alone— These were the Chimneys Three. But onward swept the Valdemar And leapt into the dark. A denser mist—a colder blast— A little-6hudder—and she had passed Bight through the phantom bark. She clcft in twain that shadowy bulk, But cleft it unaware, As when, careering to her nest, The seagull severs with her breast The unresisting air. Again the lightning flashed; again They saw the Carmiihan, Whole as before in hull and spar: But now on board of the Valdemar 6tood the Klaboterman. And now all knew their doom was sealed : They knew that death was near; Some prayed, who never prayed before, And some they wept, andsome they swore, And some were mute with fear. Then suddenly there came a crash, Louder tluin wiud or sea ; A cry burst from the crew on deck As she dashed and crashcd, a hopeless wreck, Upon the Chimneys Three, The night and storm were past, The dawn to streak the east began ; The cabin boy, picked up at sea, Survived the wreck, and only he, To tell of the Carmiihan. Horace Softley killed instantaneoosly at Snowtown last Thursday by a tree he was grabbing (ailing on him and breaking his seek, 