fttovelist. SIS ONE MISTAKE, ? CHAPTER LXVI.—(CONTINUED.) By BERTHA M. CLAY. I "It loots liks ft place to bo haunted," <<ru<1 LoTdCArsdalo; "filUl.ft eea- waehed jetty rather ? ?tt&nga; place for a ghost. What kind ol ghost is it 1" I "Well, yon know, sir, ol course it is no 1 ghost-tore is no such tbirip; but I tell you ions thing, nose of our youo? people would I. corse here alter dark, and I do not mind I'" e&jini;* tliaUht.ro often had r. turn myself. - ' t' " What is it, then!" asked L-rd Carsdale. |: "To tell youthe truth, fir," snid tho old I man, "it is s My. I think sorao great I trouble has driren h? mad. She looks lite I.it." "Wiat doej she do?" continued Lord Carsdalo, gToiviDg intorMtsd. i" Well, sbo uorcrooiaw hero, sir, before the gloaming, and eho is so rhadowy, ro still, so shite, and co ijesutiral, that people havo a tind of droad o/bfr. I have seen her often tnongh, nnd licrface h quite transparent; it i 3 like niarbla with the moon shining on it. She Kerns always to come with the gloaming, ted ihe goes sway with tha great darkness. ?Sasata right at the end of tho jutty, there jtaethewatcrtouchesthosobluclttttehes. I liottoheronce," continued the old mini, nre tj thai Ilia listener was interoatod. "I acid to ; t;sli there was nothing to be afraid of, nnd 7isnt to her. " Aro you not afraid of the rita?" I said to her; nnd, fir, I almost fell k'kioto tho eea rayeelf wlion she raised her ', fisand looked at mo. I did not know thnl here wold ba such a face in all the world." "What wan it like?" askod Inrd Carsdalo. || 'It would tako one moro clover than I am totellthat. It was liko nothing I havo ever R?non thiacarth ; it was beautiful, like the Ism ol an angel in a picture, and it was 611 cd <tith eorrow. It did not look as though Bhe ltd cried—the grief on it was pnst all tears; ?c j yet there wan a strango light, v, curious lirwigolight. If aid to her, "Aro you not ilraid of tho waves?" and then she looked as 1 told you. It took mo some time to get over list look. Then I said : " Whcri they reach tee black arches they aro dangerous," I said "la,l know," elm replied; and, for mc, nch a voico was worth hearing; it was sweet id sad as a cooing dove. "Do you know," Natinued, dnngor in this caso meaus fain?" '-Yes, I know it," sho answered. *loti need not trouble about mo. Do you Reikis mark hero?" Sho raised her hand— Kb a white hand, sir, like a snow-flake—and ii? pointed out to ma a great black notch in JHTCod. "You sea this?" she repeated, and Isjid"Ye3." "I shall sit here," sho said, "night after nijjht until the waves reach here, iMshenthey roach hero I shall die. Oh, . Rfcome death I Oh, beautiful death I I ; iUlldie; it will not bo suicido; 1 shall not I Umjself; but tho waves will carry mo so \ tav-y oat to sea—co gently so sweetly I" Sir, Jiwback, friqhtoned nt her; noithor her £? tenor her voico were liko anything earthly. 1-uumjmoro than two weeks since; now I [ mlchuer, and I havo my boat ready. If j era I eea her in dangor, I shall do my boat to : weaer." ' "It is a Btrangn story," said Lord Care ("All the young people are shy of going noar me)et.y, It used to bo a famous placo for CTemakin g : now. when that silent figure wjiJ co gently and quietly along, overy one * us though by magic." k??o?' ', iiu ? , do y? u 6a y th ? p? oi; laiJ v ?mtt?" asked Lord Carsdale. .1. ? y, .? tho Bloaming sir; only in tho etaing," Baid the old man, as ho walked J CHAPTER LXVII. ! ' WON. .AT lAfiT. : h-l^ii!" bt Ailie '" Lora Onrau'ftlo asked tonueU the question over and over again. t J. I ,*, h ! 3 Noughts flown to her at onoe? i Would that strong, swift, keen, secret i; coDviotion havo seized lam-that it was uho, T ,r,v?S. ne cIeo? Ifc eeeinea to him, now ' i'c n CU?htot ''? natural enough that 1 ?.? i1 Uld v? meto Jtanbiy-tho ono happy ul^- th ! a had beon 6 P ent h ?o- Could ;?oe Ailie, this woman of unearthly beauty, ?S. 0D & wa . iting until the e rcen Wflv e ? achedthat black notch and carried her away? t.7? m o ¥, altc s tho old m?m, wishing that Lβ mom I l ?u hQr in( iuiric?, that ho had asked rt?? Ut her, tlmt he baa triod tomnkcout SnS'h Cam ? ,rom " Thon he Ba!d t0 b!m - SStfhS." ~1 ' untu tho eloamiDg fiuddenly ho romembered that ho oould not H l ,? promised to send a telegram, and nomnet do it atonco; ho oould return as Boon os tiifl gloaming fell. tii^r n^ aesp , atohoahia and ro- S -i Tlle .B lottm >ng had fallen then, a r?imn h'," 118 ,' hUD ? ovor tho Be *; tho wa ?s! ol ?v \ Ue y wcro crc?tcd with white ??t?he water rather than stir it. S'n l b9 T m ?cc; then, aa ho kSath v ok atoho?> a?d; matching them Sα" BRW tUe BUent, Bolit?ry fi B urs oI lo? waMi rt l? B - Stance, /"., ? asn ?i *ho wives..-A „,?..!? ~-.i j? silent Pea, the ),?„„ c.f I,C"'m ? T , the tall whJtoolffeHt.? tho /, e . a brc ? k ' !?ant, tha lontly ,v*e uto watching aa in ingovorit, antlt 1 ir . , -, . i , tontly. ? Ho stood and watched I Could it b' ,l6Vcr ' tnew > ' 10 could never —how lor c,,a orcpt on n l ,rt0 ?; " ,B B r cat tell, Tj--* 'he ctK ' ?f " ie i 6"? BGn ' ou t <* ruby l*" fl ftraC! '. still the ailent figure Hat B t n) Vatchin|', (ho dark nrches, nnd Lord jl.iale stood quito still, watching it. U'ucn carac a strange, sweet Bound—at first 'Ho thought it was tho diamnt muaio; then it grew so etrango, ko aad and Hwcet, he could have believed tho old (able o! (ho mormaid ; thon ho rcoogni/.ed the air— at nvourito dreamy German melody, called " Tbo Lonely j " it eojrned to float over the waves, and dio away in their murmur. It waa Ailio singing—ho knew tho voice. Ho wae quite ceitain of her then, and ho thanked Heaven for the instinct that bad led him to find her. Ho said to hiuificlf that he must bo cautious; perhaps wbat they aaid about her was truo —thnt her great sorrow had driven her mad; and ho must not dia treea her by auddenly ppeakiug to her. He went ne.'ircr to her, and the ehadow that the ruby li(jht throw on tho jetty was at her feet, but she never saw it. Then, more enotioualy litill, ho went near her, and looked in her face; it was Ailio—but, great Heaven; how changed, how wan, how white! Her face, as tho old man eaid, wae transparent—it was unearthly in its clear transparency; tho nor row that filled it whb not of the kind that tends roliel in tears. lie oaw that sho looked neither to tho right nor the left, that Bho never took her oyoa from tho great notch on the black archee. He pictured to himself the clear, green waves rising slower higher and higher, until they covered tho aweet, and face, and bore her away with ihetn. . The picture troubled him so greatly ha dero not bo siltint any longer. What if eho rose suddenly and walked from the end of the jetty into ihesea? Ho stood before her —he touched her gently, and called her by name. ,l Ailie! "ho eaid ; " Ailie' my wife 1 " There was no msdnefs in the gone ohe turned on him, nothing but uutUterable e.;d -ncs?—unuttcrabio Borrow. * Bh<tdid not Etem aurpri?ed to hcc him ; pc?h:ipa she had thought Fo much about him that it g*ve htr jio mirnuso to bee him thero. Her face could cmv,- no whiter thon it had dono, buta strange light came into her eyes. Sho never dreamed thnt be was therft for any oilur purpose but to blame her, Sho clapped her h&nda; and looli-.'d into her face. " I did not betray you, Lord Cargdalo," ehe said. " I did not ttll 01:0 single word. I would not havo E;?!;en if they had hilled in; , ." Then she loo!.ad from him to tha dark are Viii?, whtro thn waves roeo elowly.'. ,; " Ailie," he said, RPntly, " will you tell roo what you nro doing hero? " "Yes," sho replied. "I am waiting until tho water reaches that rock, then it will carry mo away." ?' You Isnow that will bn auioido," he said. " I do not think ao ; tho anft, green wavoa will fetch mo—lbhail not throw iujpi If in." " Bat, Ailio, why do you wish to die ? " ho naked. " Because my miserable life etands between you and your happiness," eho replied; " bo i oaUHo life is bitter, and death ia Hweet." I " My darling Ailie—my dear wifo—listsn to mo," ho eaid. " I have followed you hero, I have looked for you everywhere, because I want to ttill you thnt at last 1 hai-c learned to foiv you— and that I want you to try and bo happy as my wife." I There waa no rapture of lovo in tho pale fac?, no light Mich as ho had dreamed his words would bring there, no gleam of joy. Sho looked at him with gentle, mournful dig nity. "You forget," pbo said, " you told mo that you loved Lady Ethel." There was no reproach, no anger in her tones; nothing but tho most gentle incredu lity. " I know it," ho aaid ; " but Ailie, lieteu to mo. I have coma co far to sea you, my darling ; make room for mo by your aido." Sho drew aside her dress, and ho sat down by her. "I want to tell you, Ailio, how your heroism has touched mo. My darling, tako your eyes from that terrible rook ; tho clear, green waves shall nover tako you away—your only homo shall bo henceforward in my heart. Ailio, you said occo, long ago, that lovo wins love; and it is true. Your groat lovo for mo has won lovo from mo." Still she lookod at him, and said: " It is Lady Ethel you love, not mo." " My darling wife, what must I say to oon vince you that it is you whom I love, and no other ? Lady Ethel and I havo parted ;wo shall not meet again; and I gave up my lifu to welting for you, junt na now I shall give it up to making you happy." " It cannot bo true," sho said, musingly. " It is true, Ailie. I cennot oven tell you when I began to think so much about you ; I frankly own that it puzzled mc myself; I did not believe it was possible that I was learning to lovo you. Your faco touched mo; the sweet, cad eyes haunted mo; the Bound of your voice never left mo, and I said to myeolf I must bo looming to love my wifo at last." He took the two cold, white hands in his. " Then, when I oame back—l was only so short a time absent, Ailio—when I came back, and I found that my beautiful wife had sud denly become a heroine, that for my sake, be cause she would not betray mo, eho had en dured insult and calumny—that Bho had sacrificed oven her fair namo for mc by re fusing to justify herself at my expense. I said to myself, my wifo is a heroine, the greatest horoino of all; thero is no one like her. Quite suddenly, my darling, you be oamo invested in my eyes with every great and glorious quality—with enduranoe, with patience, with fortitude, with Belt-denial. What lovo was this ? I said to myself; the world had seen nono liko it—so beautiful, co bravo, so devoted 1 And, Ailie, while I stood listening to what my mother said about you, my heart seemed stirred with a now, sudden, great love—a love that awept through my whole being liko a flamo, before which all other lovo fadod, and I said t:> m>self, 'I wiil make myself wurthy of my wife.'" Sho looked up at him timidly. " It is really true, Lord Carsdale, that you love mc ?—that you wish to bo worthy of mo ? —is it really true?" " It is quito true, Ailie. Let mo toll you I something else. I have been toltudeswell, and have, made them all happy there. I havel told them who I am, and all about our marriage. I lmvo done tho same thing at homo, bo that there need bo no more secrecy." Soma littlo colour had come into tho beauti ful fiice, a lovely colour that catno and went; tho unoarthly light faded from hor face, and something of human interest came into it. " I havo been hero ho long," nho Baid, " waiting for death, that my eyes aro dazzled with tho groat, strong light of eternity. What did Lady Waldrove say ? Sho waa very angry, I know. I tremble when I think of her." " She was angry, and my father, too; but, my darling Ailis, I am poing to take you to Austria; and when wo have been tht-re a few yeara they will forgot all anger, and bo glad to 8M mc back again." Ho opako rnoro cheerfully than ho felt on that ono subject. Then ho told her all that Lidy Ethel hid aaid. "Now will you bslievo that I lovo you, my wife ? If you Unow how ashamed I feel of all my cowardice, how angry I have been with myself for my want of courage, you would forgive mo. Believo that I lovo you, my darling wife, when I givo up with a amile everything rnnn holds most dear—country, home, friends, parents, all lor the ono true love of my life." There was a lingering look of incredulity on her face, but as ho clasped her iv his arm.', and covered her faco with passionate, tears, it vanished cover to return. Sho held her hande ior ono minute above her head, then buc said: "IthankOod that He has given mc the dceiro of my heart." The stare catuo out in the dark el;y, tho moon bhono on the waters, and long honre had passed btforo thoy quitted tn? eolitaiy pier. It W3B not tho aarno Ailie; thoso who had feared her before would not know hor now; all tho sorrow and sadnees had passed from her beautiful face, and it was bright with tbe. happiest love. It seemed to her that no ono had ever been co happy before, or so blessed. She asked ao many questions about home—what her father and mother hadeaid? what Bo3o's lover waa lilio ? was all tha grand new 3 over Frank true? And Lord Corsdjle, seeing how deeply it interested her, never wearied of tolling her every detail cf the interview. Two daysafterward they started for Vienna, where, in the course of a few month?, Lady Caradi'.lo was known as ono of tho most beautiful and brilliant ornaments of a brilliant court. Sho waa happy beyond all words in her husband's love, and ho had learned to valuohet. ".?.?? ; : ??'???. '?? ?*:*?? ?/>;.;-'v--.- ; - .??. ? OHiPTEIt LXVIII. ANOELS 01' l'i:.\CE. Six yeare had psescd sinsc tho terrible day on which tha proud Countess of Waldrove bail owned, with bitter tear?, that the, hopea of her lift) lay buriacl. Lvly Gertrude's marriage was ona o( tho ninet brilliant cere monies ever witnessod at Knenoatb. The Duko and Duchcsa of Clavordon weio present, and tho most elaborate apologies were made for tho unavoidable absence uf the eon and heir. Ho wan in Vienna, and could not got away. Lsrd Cmdale had sold out of his ro gituent before lie ielt Kngland, and tho ap pointment he held in Vienna was a diplomatic one. The countess owned herself more than con tent with tho Rrandeur of the marriage. Her daughter?,* tho .Dnchass ol CUverdon and Lady lliwdoD, vieifod her very often, bring iug with them blooming children, tho sight of whom made her heart acho with longing {or.her son. ' Diiring all those yoare Lord Caradale had not written home. Perhap3 had he prayed for pardou and reconciliation, tha earl and 'the. ocuntess might havo hardened their :hcarts against him ; ac i: was, hia submission and silence had softened them. ? Oae event bad happened whiah had brought back all the old bitterness to Lady Waldrove —L.toy Ethel bad married that most hand some, irresistible of all wciers, Ciptain Moore. She had become tho GountsHs of Hurlinsham since her marriage, and on each visit to Roee ncath she never censed to weary both earl and countess with importunities to send for their eon. "It was such nonsense," eho said ; " the deed was done now. Lord Carsdale had proved himself to bo a hero. As for hie wife, the British peerage," ehe dauutlcsaly de clared, "did not hold such another." There was nothing but good news from the Derwent?. Through the influence of Lord CaMiiale, Kose'a lover, tha ltoverend Cuihbert Lodes, had been" presented with a good living in Yorkshire, whuro ho and his amiable wife lived tho happiest of live 3. Frank had mado hie mark, and bid fair to bo one of tho lead ing civil engineers of tho day. John Derwent and his wifa had retired to a very pretty little farm in tho ounnieat part of Kent, where they lived aa they had nover hoped to live, and Hottio was with them. Nothing but good nowa from all parts of tho world, and Lidy Ailio Carsdalo rejoiced I in it. There oarae n baantiful spring morning— the eun wua nhining, the balcny air waa filled with the perfume of mignonoUo and lilno. Tha Earl and Couutess of Waldrova sat alone in their breaUfmt-rootn at Rjaeueath Abbey—? a beautiful room, cay with pink hangings and white laoo, fragrant with lovely white hyacinths and jonquils. Tho oun ehono in through tho windows, and its light fell on tho beautiful flowers, the massive eilver, the dtlicato china, and fino damask. It was a very pretty and luxurious homo picture—tho countess in her dainty raorning-robo and cap of Mechlin laca, the earl in his dressing- gown —a cozy homo picture. My lady touched the white hyacinths, euo looked at tho green springiug mignonette, eho lingered over tho fragrant tea; and then, with a great sigh, she said to the earl: "I am very lonely; lam very dull." "It is dull," said the earl. "We Beem to ba lost in this great,'empty house. I have felt quite gloomy sinoo Gortrude and her children went away." Tho eanio unspoken thought lay deep in the heart of both—an intense longing to have their son neat them again. . Suddenly the silvery, musical chiming of a child's laughter was heard. Lady Waldrove looked up quickly. " What was that ?" eho asked. The earl did not move. " Some of tho servants have little visitors, I should imagine," he said. But the words died on hie lip?, for the door suduenty and slowly opened, and then entered tho loveliat pair of little children ever beheld. There waa a little girl with a face liko a rosebud, Ipvely, laughing eyes, and sweet lips, with shining, golden hair that lay over tho whitest shoulders ever wean—a little fairy, full of grace and dignity. She looked neither to the right nor to tho left, but wenf; straight up to tho earl, and standing iv front of him, raiaed her lovely, limped eyas to his fr.ee. "Will you please forgive my mamma?" she said. A handsome, dark-haired boy, with a true Carnd&)e faco, and dark, Hashing eyes—a frauk, bold, bravo boy, who won her heart at a glanco, went up to Lady Waldrovo, and eaid : " AVill you forgive my popa ?" "Gad blast? mo!" cried tho carl. "Who aro these? Who aro you, my dear?" " I am Lucio Caradnle," Baid tho littlo fairy. " And I," cai.l tho boy, " am Stephen Cars dftlo—named nfter my grandfather, the grand old earl." " Aud who sent you hero?" "Papa and mamniti sent us. Pap-4 bide mo cay l>o loves you both, and ha longa to como home to you. Ho eaya ycu will love mamma when you know her." It was uaalo.KS for the countess to speak, for the earl had clasped both the pretty men Eengers in hia arms. "I khould refuse the angels of God," bo Baid, "if I rcfuao you." ? "Shall you forgive our l>07?" said the countess. !. And the grand old oatl, in a f alining voico, said: ' - -??' ? ?-?"./ - ' ? " I will, I will, na I hope one day to be for given." There was still another aurpriso for them. Lady Ethel followed tho little ones into the room. .. _ . "lam an uninvited guest," she eaid; " but, lam sure, a Welcome- one. I have brought tho3o dear children. Lord and Lady Caw dale wait outside," Tho next moment the sou was in his mother's arms, and the earl hi>d embraced his oon's wife. It wa3 tha prettiest scene evor witnessed, and one whioh niuat have made the angola smile. They lived happily ever nfterward. The countess learned to love very dearly the beautiful, graceful woman who was her son's wifo. Thero was no more popular lady in England than Lsdy C.irsdalo; but, when she ia sneaking seriously, she nays there ia no greater folly than that of an unequal mar ri?p.p. TJIB EX?. 