She Untune ëmixm* SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1885. IT ¡S evident that the opinion we ventured to express when the Estimates were first published that the anticipation of revenue« was fixed too high ia shared by the Treasurer, since whilst he then showed an anticipated deficit of only ¿£23,000, he now proposes additional taxation to the amount Jof ¿£93,000 to cover it, which he surely i would not havo done if he had felt confident-, that the deficit would not exceed the figure at which he had placed it. We are abo- llad to notice that Mr. Dickson has at last icome round ¿o the opinion that it ia unwise to mix up together surplus revenue appro- ' priations and the Consolidated Revenue account. He departed from the old estab- lished custom of transferring surplus: revenue when appropriated to a separate account, and retained it in tho Consolidated Revenue iii order that, whilst it was in procesa1 of being spent, he might be able to show a larger ci edit balance than actually existed to the credit of revenue. He has found out now that this plan has its dis advantages-that if surplus levenue ~is retained in the Consolidated Revenue account, payments on account of the service* to -which it was appropriated must be' debited to that account, aud that the expen- diture on account of the year is thereby made to appear greater than it should. He,. therefore, discards these surplus revenue1 appropriations from the revenue account, and tells us that at the close of the last financial year, on the 30th June last, the* balance to wed it oí Consolidated Revenue was £167,061 only, instead of £267,000 as shown in the Treasury Statement at that time. We trust that, haviHg come back to the old-fashioned way of keeping this account, he will adhere to it, and that we- sthill not in future be troubled and confused-, in examining the Treasury Statement by ¡the impossibility of discriminating between» payments on account of the ordinary service of the year and special appropriations out of. surplus revenue. ' ? Coming now to the Treasurer's explanatiom of the Estimates, we may say that aTieasurer should bo a hopeful man, and that in that respect Mr. Dickson is admirably fitted for the office. Eighteen months ago, addressing; a meeting of his constituents at Enoggera, he painted the financial results of the new Land Act in the brightest colours ; now he. has to acknowledge that the revenue to be expected from it is " an unknown quan-1 tity." But he has thia consolation for us ï if settlement is stopped this year-if people will not take up Lind ou the terms now offered to them-the land is still left to uSy and may by-and-by be disposed of at a higher price than we now ask. Even if that were the case, the expectation of au enhanced value, by-aud-by would scarcely fill the deficit in the Trea- sury caused by the failnie of land revenue at the present time ; but as a matter of fact, it ia the progress of settlement that incienses the value of Lind, and if settlement he stopped the price is« thetefore more likely to fall than to rise. Nor is he much happier in expressing his belief that the usual rains which fall in August and September may be expected to improve the condition of the country-and the revenue ; for as far as our experience goes it teaches us that there are no regular rains to be expected in August and Sep- tember-that we may indeed have rain in those months, but that iu geueral they are among the dry months of the year. How- ever, whilst we cannot profess to feel the same confidence in the present season as the Treasurer, wo devoutly hope that his trust in Providence may be well founded, for we phall be in trouble if it is not. iioi do we blame him for putting the best face possible on our expectations of revenue for the present year. But;we,do find .fault^with him. and, his colleagues for the-extraordinary and un- necessary'increase of the public expenditure .which has taken place since they came into office. They cannot control the seasons, which have much to do with' depressing the revenue,1 that'is true. But'they can con- trol theexpendituie, and they should do so _but they have not. For our present diffi- culties have not been caused by any falling off ia our revenue as yet, except where it has'been?'caused by legislation, as by the Land 'Act ; in fact the revenue has "in- creased . during the hist three years in a surprising manner. But our embarrass- ments have arisen from an enormous increase in the cost of Government. In the beginning of 1884, when Mr. Dickson came into office, he brought in Estimates for 1883-4, in which the expenditure, exclusive of interest cn the public debt, wns set down at £281,474 more than m the previous year ; in the Estimates for 1884-0 the increase, exclusive of interest, was £222,929 ; and for this year the increase is £217,466. That is to say, that in three years tbe expenses of the Government of the colony, exclusive of increase of interest on the public debt, have increased by £721,869. This year's Esti- mates, exclusive of interest, are that much in excess of the expenditure asked for by the M'lhvraith Ministry in the last Esti- mates they passed-those of 1882-3. Now, we freely ad mtt that some increase of the cost of Government mnst be expected yearly as population increases so will the demands upon the 'I rcasury ; but such an increase as this is monstrous and indefensible. The in- crease on the present Estimates, exclusive of interest, over those of 1882-3, is within the merest fraction of 50 per cent. Our population does not increase at the late of 50 per ceut in three years, and of course our revenue cannot. It is clear, therefore, that those who haye caused this increase of ex- penditure will be rightly blamed for any, financial trouble that may come upon UP, and it is useless for Mr. Dickson to pretend that the Government were powerless to prevent this increase. , We are glad to notice that our loan account'is now replenished by the sale of £2,750,000 worth of debentures ; £250,000 worth having been Bold to the Savings Bank here at 97, and £2,500,000 disposed of in London. We may fairly hope that by the time it is necessary to ' raise a further portion of the loan the colony will be able to «how a balance-sheet that will strengthen its position in the money market, which, we are sorry to say, is not likely to be improved by the Financial Statement this year. For on the one hand the Treasurer's acknowledg- ment that the net earnings of our railways which in 1883-4 were equal to £2 19s. per .cent on the money spent fell last year to £2 10s. 7d. per cent may be considered to show that some of our present undertakings are unreinuuor.itive, whilst the imposition of additional taxation at a time when the Treasurer himself admits that the colony is suffering from drought will be looked on as an indication that we are in straits for money. The blame for the extravagance which has lauded us in the piesent position, and thieatens to do us so much harm, can- not, however, be laid on -the Ministers alone. Those silent followers who permit the increase of expenditure are also answer- able for it. i THE report of the Postmaster-General, of which we publish a summary iu another column, contains a good deal of interesting information concerning the progress of the postal and telegraph services. Apart, how- ever, from the statistical information we have summarised, there are recommenda, tior.s in the report which deserves conside- ration. Attention,'for instance, is called to the desirableness of an Amended Postal Act being passed as soon as possible, and it is esserted that this colony is far behind the rest of the Australasian group in the direc- tion of postal legislation. To illustrate this necessity the great difference existing be- tween the rates charged upon periodicals and packets of newspapers in New South Wales and Victoria, a» compared with those iu force in Queensland is pointed out, and the disadvantages under which news vendors have, laboured in conse- quence. In 1883 Victoria reduced her rates without consulting any of the other colonies, and allowed bulk parcels containing news- papers or periodicals to be transmitted within the colony or to the other colonies, including New Zealand, at the rate of Id. per lb. or fraction thereof, and loose packets at the rate of Id. for every 4oz. or under. The rates formerly prevailing were uniform with those of all the colonies, having been fixed at the Intercolonial Conference held in 1873 ; the charge on parcels and loose packets being Id. per ounce or fraction of au ounce up to ¿lb., and increas- ing at the rate of 4d. per 4oz. or fraction thereof. During last year New South Wales very reluctantly adopted the Vic- torian rates, but Queensland cannot do so until an alteration is effected , in the postal laws. The postal authorities here remonstrated with those of Victoria for changing her rates without consulting the other colonies, and in explanation the Victorian Postmaster-General stated that the rates fixed by the existing t Post Ofhce Act in that colony were not provided in the 'Postal* Bill drafted at the instance of his department, hut were introduced just prior to the pass- ing of the measure, so that no opportunity was afforded for consultation with other Governments on the subject In justice to the newsvendors in this colony, the Government should at once bring in an Act which will permit of the adoption by Queensland of the reduced rates. Then again, when on the 13th instant Mr. Donaldson brought under the notice of the House the grievance of the local Press in regard to the prices charged for news tele- grams, and pointed out the anomaly that a Press telegram could be sent from Cooktown to Sydney at a rate 50 per cent less than f r m Cooktown to Brisbane, the Premier said one of the first things the present Go- vernment did when they assumed office was to reduce the price of Press messages to New South Wales. He was only too anxious, he added, to make a corresponding reduction all over the colony, but he had been in- formed by the department that the present wires and staff would not allow much longer messages being sent. The matter had been under the consideration' of the Postmaster General since he had been in' office, jnd he would do what was in his power to press on ar- rangements necessary for giving facilities to the country Press. The leader of the Op- position took occasion to blame the depart- ment for the delay in furnishing the annual report, and Baid that it. was* not very creditable that in the eighth month in the year they were waiting for the report of the previous year. He complained that they cosld not discuss the subject to any purpose in the absence of the Postmaster-General's report. That report is published at last, and as it is dated the 27th June, 'some .ex- planation should be forthcoming as to the delay in its being presented to Parliament However, after a careful perusal of the report, we fail to see any reference" whatever to the subject of the proposed reduction in Press rates, so that the leader of the Oppo- sition will have to resort to some other source for information as to ,the intentions of the Government in this respect. It is, however, to be assumed that the carrying out of the reduction lies entirely in the bands of the Government. If they are of opinion that the present lines and staff are adequate to meet the increased demands, they have simply to enforce the reduced rales ; if not, they should at once provide the extra wires and staff, so as to remove the disability under which the Press of the colony is at present labouring. From the report we learn that the reduced Presa rates between Queensland and New South Wales carne into operation in January, 1884, and that " these. reductions have had the effect of increasing the Press woik performed by the telegraph branch of the department in 1884 by about 125 per cent, with a decrease in the receipts of about 17¿ per cent as compared with the previous year." We trust that hon, members will take an early opportunity of eliciting from the Government their intentions with referenco to colonial Presa rates, and also the proposed reductions in the price of ordinary telegrams, as shadowed forth by the Postmaster-General in his speech at the late banquet at Beenleigh. It is certainly time that the obstinate conservatism of the telegraphic branch of, tim Postmaster-General's department should l yield to the needs of the public. It is not merely in the rales charged that the atti- tude of the department towards the Press requires amendment. We are not now refer- ring to individuals. From emplojGsof the de- partment the newspapers receive almost un- varying courtesy, and often assistance ; but they are bound by an antiquated system which has become fossilised. AB an instance of what we mean we may state that it is the custom in the Southern colonies, in Great Britain, and we believe in almost every part of the British Empire but Queensland, to deliver duplicate copies of the same Press message to different papers for a moderate percentage on the first cost. Here full rates are charged for each copy. That, however, is only an illustration of the difference to which we allude. In other colonies it is recognised that telegraphic concessions to ne wspapers are really concessions to the public. The newspapers in a colony like Queensland would gain nothing by cheaper rates, because they would give-they would be compelled to give - greatly extended telegraphic reports, which would cost them more niouey than they spend now in telegrams, and they would receive little or no direct pecuniary return. But the public would gain immensely. And the custom of hav- ing the whole news of the colony quickly and fully repeated in every population centre would, if it were once established, do a great deal towards binding Queensland together. Many matters of far less im- portance than the distribution of news are regarded as questions of national im- portance. We recommend it strongly to the attention of the Government and the Legislature. THE Ministerial special train for Warwick, conveying; the official party to be present at the opening of the Killarney branch railway to-day, left Brisbane at 4 p.m. yesterday. The Minister for Works was accompanied by the Minister for Lands and the Minister for Public Instruction, Messrs. W. Brooks, W. G. Bailey, Humo Black, J. Ferguson, W. K. Higson, F. Kates, J. Lissner, and H. Wake- field, M.M.L.A. Tho Hon. tho Speaker, tho Hon. J, Taylor, M.L.G., and Messrs. Aland, Campbell, and J. S. Jessop were also passen- gers by the train, but it wa« uncertain if any of them would proceed to Warwick and Killarney. In consequence of several Too- woomba and Warwick passengers who intended to leave by the 3 40 p.m. train having been crowded out from that train, Mr. Miles directed that one or two carriages should bo attached to the Ministerial special train in order that they might be conveyed to their destination in»*cad of waiting in Brisbane until this morning. Contrary to expectations tfie Premier and the Colonial Treasurer were unable to go to Killarney. i IN consequence of the serious and unexpected illness of Mrs. Me» his Honour Mr. Justice Mein was unable to preside at the Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court yesterday. The court met at 10 o'clock, and Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice, announced that unless an adjournment would occasion any special hardship or loss, be proposed to postpone the hearing of the cases remaining on the list till Monday. Mr. Justice i Mein desired that the court should be ad- journed. None of the members of the Bar objected to the course proposed, and the court! waa accordingly adjourned. The cases yet to be disposed of are Lcnncbcrg v. Schloujcnor and Godfrey and another v. Breedon, which will be heard before his Honour without a jury. WE havo been requested by Sir Potor Scratchley to state that, in his interview with our representative, ho expressed no opinion regarding General M'lver or his enterprise. While publishing Sir Peter Scratchlcy's curt disclaimer we must add that he makes it under a mistaken impression. It ¡B no doubt difficult to remember all that passed in an interview, and Sir Peter Scratchley has evidently forgotten that he did allude to General M'lver, having himself introduced the subject. It is possible that the language employed by our representative in reproducing the impression conveyed to his mind by what Sir Peter Scratchley s»id-containing as it does in a condensed shape the substance of some minutes' conversation-goes further than His Excellency intended, and tho phrase used in regard to Lord Derby might have been intended as a quotation from au assertion frequently made by General M'lver himself. But while regretting that any misunderstand- ing should havo occurred, we must affirm that our report gives ia a short, condensed, and direct way the substance of ideas conveyed at greater length, and probably in more guarded and diplomatic language by Sir Peter Scratchley. The probable explanation is that his Excellency attached no particular impor- tance to that part of his conversation, and spoke carelessly, as it ii evident from his note that the whole iucUent had passed from his memory. WE ore requested to direct attention to the annual sale of Tasmanian stud sheep, to be .held at the A S.N. Company's wharf, opposite the Queen's Hotel, at 11 o'clock to-day. Sut p. H. SCRATOHLEY, her Majesty's special commissioner "for New Guinea, notifica in the Government Gazette that Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., of Brisbane and Sydnoy, have been' appointed 'agents for Queensland and Now South Wales for the British Terri- tory in New Guinea. The Australian Execu- tors' and Trustees' Association, Melbourne, will act in a similar capacity for Victoria. These are the only agencies from which authoritative information relative to New Guinea can ho obtained. YESTERDAY was the day when school child- ren were admitted free to the Exhibition, and the privilege was fully availed of by the juveniles. Tho takings during the day amounted to £117 18s. 3d., which made the total takings during the Exhibition £1994 18a. 2d., which exceeds thoBO of last year hy more than £500, and is also largely in excess of any year since tho formation of the society. A meeting of the Protest Committeo was held in the building at 4 o'clock, when tho various protests were considered, and dealt with as occasion demanded. This morning the Exhi- bition building will be open for the removal of exhibits at 10 o'clock. A SPECIAL meeting of the Queensland Hide Association was held at the Brigade Office last night. There were present-Captain Gannon (in tho chair), and Captains Burrell, Paino, Messrs. Phillips, Hobday, Fryer, Holloway, Patten, and Olacher. Captain Burrell reported that Captain Freeman, of Victoria, had pre- sented the association with the sura of fifteen guineas for competition at tho ensuing prizo meeting, to bo divided into two prises-a first of ten guineas, and a second of five guineas. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded Cap- tain Freeman for his generous donation, and it was resohed to place the donor's name on the list of life membors. Thesecretary, Mr. Hinten, was directed to convey the foregoing resolu- tions to Captain Freeman. It was resolved that the boundaries of all district riflo clubs shall include an area within a radius of fifteen miles from the centre of the town in which the headquarters of such club is situated. Bule 23 was amended so as to allow any two competi- tors to use the same rifle in the " Any Biflo Match." It was also decided that for the Queen's prize, approved Martini-Henry rifles will be allowed. Tho secretary was directed to again advertise that the entries for the forth- coming matches close on Monday, the 24th instant. THE August number of "Once a Month" contains two papers of special interest to Queenslanders. One is a biographical sketch of Mr. Griffith by Mr. W. Kinnaird Rose, ac- companied by a portrait of our Premier. The picture is an excellent one, and a faithful portrait. In the letterpress the workmanship is equally good, but the likeness is not so recognisable. Mr, Rose's enthusiasm has carried him away, and in the picture he draws of the Premier he has omitted all the shadows. Take, for instance, this description of Mr. Griffith as leader of the Opposition to the M'llwraith Government. " Mr. Griffith for nearly five years sat in tho cold shadr of Oppo- sition-ever watchful for mistakes on tho part of the Government, exposing what he deemed their faults, and, when longer resistance could only havo degenerated into obstruction, doing his best-as ho himself described it-* to mould and improve Ministerial measures on the floor of tho House"' This is, as our Yankeo cousins would put it, "rather stoep," considering that it is tho only allusion to a period which in- cluded tho steel rail debates, and the frequent and prolonged stonewallings, unparalleled, we believe, in Australian Parliamentary history, which Mr. Griffith organised and led. However, it is difficult to write of a living aud active politician in an impartial spirit, and Mr. Bose, as a comparative stranger in the colony, enjoyed the advantage of only knowing Mr. Griflith's political history by report He was therefore less fettered by obtrusive facts in arranging tho material for the very attractive picturo of an idoal politician to which he has attached the name of our Premier. Tho other paper alluded to is hy Mr, E. B. Loughran, who is an old Queenslander, It relates in vigorous and picturesque verso ono of tbo grim almost forgotten stories of tho bad old times in Brisbane, tbo death of one of the early commandants ; how the ferryman thrico during the fatal night urged his punt to the south side, warned by tho thundering beat Of hoofs, and thrice found no impatient commandant waiting to bo ferried home after his furious and solitary ride. As Mr. Loughran writes : Four deoari es since then have passed away ; , Save a sallloss windmill, gaunt and grey, Thero hardly remains a troco to-day Those horror-fruught times recalling. If some enterprising auctioneer would fix on the exact spot in Woolloongabba or Yeerong- pilly where the wicked commandant died his awful and solitary death, it might holp on the sale of a new " estate," It would at least furnish it with a name, and perhaps with cultivation, a sufficiently gruesome ghost " Once a Month " is a good magazine, and unliko other Australian literary ventures, it improves as it grows older. It deserves and is likely to bave a successful career. A PRIVATE exhibition by members of the Brlsbano Gymnasium, assisted by several friends, is announced for Monday eveningnext, to which admission can only bo obtained by tickets from the secretary. This has been brought about by the presence in this city of a noted amateur from a Southern colony, whoso gymnastic education was partly received in German gymnasiums, and later on in New South Wales. Some of his performances on the bars arc Baid to be exceedingly clever arid highly finished, whilst his general exercises on other apparatus are above the ordinary. One or two sparring matches will take place and, in all probability, a wrestling match. As before stated, admission will be by ticket only to non- ' subscribers, members of the gymnasium, of course, being admitted free. The members of the Sydney football team have been invited, and a pleasant evening amongst the gymnasium athletes may be anticipated. As will bo seen from our advertising columns Messrs. Aplin, Brow n, and Co. intend despatch- ing the steamer Herbert from Brisbane for New Guinea on the 2nd of next month. The steamer has been engaged to take stores, &c;, for Sir Peter Scratchlcy's use, and also men and bapguge for Mr. H, O. Forbes'« expedition. She will go from here to Port Moresby, calling at Townsville, at route. From Port, Moresby she will probably proceed to Boat Capo with coals for the Admiralty, and will return to Queensland either via Cooktown or else i call again at Port Moresby for despatches. The round trip, it is anticipated, will occupy about a month. A limited number of passengers will be taken. AMONG the passengers by the Warrego from Sydney yesterday was Mr. Theodore F. Bevan, who is on his way to New Guinea with his seven-ton yacht, the Electra, intending to carry on trading and exploring work, for which bchasobtainedapermit from the Commis- sioner. Mr. Bevan bas already made several trips to New Cuinea and adjacent i-land«, and is well acquainted with various par's of the c iast. He is seeking to arrange for the con v yanco of his craft to New Guinea, by the steamer Herbert, from Townsville, but failing that he will go on to Cooktown with the Warrego, and will sail across. THE Ancient order of Free and Accepted Masons had a great field day in Brisbane yesterday. Tho chief corner-stone of the new Masonic Hall in Alice- street was laid by the District and Provincial Grand Masters of the English, Scottish and Irish Constitutions, in the presence of about 400 brethren of the craft. The impressive ceremonies are fully described in another colomn. Luncheon was provided at The Grand Hotel, but Mr. Phillips's admirable resources were taxed beyond their utmost limits by tho large number who presented themselves at the appointed hour. It was nearly 4 p.m. before the last relay had finished. Last night a most successful ball was held in the Protestant Hall. The deco- rations were chaste, and consisted of festooned evergreens and flags, and symbols, not only of craft Masonry, but of the Knights of St. John and Knights of Malta. The attendance numbered about 250, and although the ladies' costumes were many of them beautiful, they did not eclipse tho brilliant regalias of the brethren, among whom were Knights of Malta, Knights Templar, and a Knight Hos- pitaller. The three chief officers of the respec- tive constitutions, accompanied by their wardens and officers, were received in due form at 9.15, and then dancing commenced to Her Seal's orchestra. The opening quadrille was led off by R.W. Bro. Unmack, P.G.M. of the I.C., R.W. Bro. T. Mylne, acting D.G.M. of tho S.C., and W. Bro. B. L. Bar- nett, who represented the D.G.M. of the E.C., Bro. the Hon. A. C. Gregory, who was unable to be present. Some of the Sydney footballers were present for a portion of the evening, and a large number of visitors from all parts of the colony. The caterer was Bro. F. Whitehouse, of Ipswich, who is doing better than ever. Dancing was sustained on a capital floor to an early hour this morning. During the evening one Masonic toast-"The Queen Empress and the Craft"-was proposed by B.W. Bro. Unmack, and drank amid many enthusiastic expressions of loyalty, the band playing, and the company singing the National Anthem. Special features of the programme were the three Masonic dances. THE solicitors for the South Brisbane Gas and Light Company have given notice in the Government Gazette of their intention to apply to Parliament for a bill of incorporation under the Companies' Act. FRIDAY next, tho 28th instant, is proclaimed a public holiday at Cairns, it being tho duy on which cricket and football matches aro to bo played between the Cairns and Townsville clubs. THE eolcbrnted artistEdouard Bcmonyi, who has been stylod the " King of Violinists," will make his first appearance in tho Town Hall this evening, Bemenyi has chosen tho follow- ing solos for his inaugural concert :-" Fantasia on the Huguenots" (Remcnyi), "Hungarian Melodies" (Bemenyi), "Auld Bobin Gray," " Tho Campbells aro Coming " (transcribed for violin alone by Bemenyi), " Oappriccio" (Paga- nini), and, by special request, "Le Marseil- laise." Bcmonyi will bo assisted by Miss Hattle B. Downing (soprano), Mr. Budolf Hiinmer (tenor), and Mr. Isidoro Luckstono (solo pianiBt), and each of these artists come to Brisbano with a high reputation. Bcmonyi gavo a grand concert in tho Sydney University on Saturday last in aid of the Kendall (tho Australian poet) Memorial Fund, and which was a great success ; he was also presented with a most handsomo gold medal by the citizens of Sydney. The whole of Bemenyi's seasons havo been great successes, and ho has been acknowledged by the Press of tho colonies to bo the most successful violinist that has ever visited Australia. The season will be a short one, and there will be a chango of programme every evening. A COMMITTEE meeting of the Queensland Cricket Association was held lost night at Sheridan's Oricketl Depot, Queen-street. Bo sentatives fiom the Valley Cricket Club, Albert CO,, Stanley CO., Queensland Na tional Bank O.O., Southport CO., and Union Athletic Club wore present. After the rent' ing of the minutes of tho previous meeting, and considerable discussion upon tho corre- spondence inward and outward, the meeting was adjourned, on tho motion of Mr. Pring Roberts, to Wednesday, tho 2nd September. ' ABOUT 8 o'clock last night a fire occurred at the residence ef Mrs. Wilson, in Gray street, near Montague-road, South Brisbane, which, but for tho presence of mind displayed by the lady named, would havo terminated dis- astrously. It appears Mrs. Wilson was carry- ing a lamp in the front bedroom when the lamp- glass burst,1 causing the flame to ignito tho bed curtains ; but with admirable coolness she pullod down tho blazing fabric, at tho same timerai8ing an alarm.; Inmates of the house were prompt in applying a quantity of water, and in a few moments all danger was averted. An alarm was sounded at the City Fire Station, to which superintended and men quickly re- sponded ; but on arrival at the house indicated they found their services woro not needed. A BUGGY accident happened in George street, shortly after 7 o'clock last evening, which, to all appearances, was tbo result of sheer incapacity on tbo part of the driver, who is the principal sufferer. A Mr. Storrock had hired a horse and buggy with tho intention of' driving out to Enoggera, but, not carrying out his first purpose was driving along George street, and when opposite the Lands Offices, he being without lightB, and on his wrong side, carne into collision with a cab, resulting in the smashing up of the buggy, and himself being! considerably injured. Tho sufferer was con- veyed to Mr. Trouton's chemist shop, and Dr.' Bcndlc was at onco called in, but was unable, from the state the patient was in, to pronounce on the extent of the injuries, if any. Storrbck was therefore conveyed to his home. The cab, horse was much hurt, but the cab escaped' with little damage. The cabman had a narrow escape. ', AT the annual sale of Tasmanian stud sheep by the Queensland Mercantile and Agency Company and Findlay and Baynes yesterday, there was very poor competition, and prices were disappointing, AU sheep were sold. Tho wretched state of the country prevents buyers operating. THE Municipal Council of Brisbane invite tenders for the lease of tho South Brisbane wharves for a perion of seven years from'lst Junuary next. OWiíKKS of landed property at, Humpybong are invited to attend a meeting at Tubb'« hotel to-night, to initiate preliminaries towards securing a railway to that township. ______ THE lots in Thorrold Town, on the uphill side of the Sandgate Railway and between it and the old Sandgate-road, will be offered at auction to- day (Saturday, 22nd), at 3 o'clock, on the ground. Also, tbeunsn d lots on tho other side of tri» Hue. b-iweenitaud the Kedron Park-road. Among thw uniold allotments thero are a larga nuuil.ur of tUese u wild low on each side of tho line. i did building site* and all thoro whoareoiitho lo ik out fur suburban lots should mako Ita point to attend the sale and Beonre »onie of them. Free passes by rail from any station on the Sandgate line can be obtained on application to John Cameron, Town Hall.—[ADVT.] A vchv valuable business corner which is I vactirt and thereforo is available for tho erec- tion of buslm t-H premises nf any «-lu»», will be ]rffei-eii for palo to-Jay at II o'clock on tli«Krounrt, bv John l Ameroo m'li.ls io mik purcli>wr>-. This eumur ¡, iuiii|tulla'e'% oppoiiti tie Metropolitan and fninmcrciul Hold» nu the latin house thi Sie-sra Gold-borotun ^nd Co of Melbourne, ure going >u erect heirHrge wool warehouses, which will consequently en- hance the valuo of tho whole of the iroperty In the neighbourhood. This lot is adapted tor the site of any whnlesaln or other business, un£ should be seen of ter.-[ADVT.J 