THE ARGYLE ELECTION. MOK.STEIt MEETING AT THE ODDFELLOW'S HALL. I,af,t Monday night the Oddfello-.vV Ha'l was the sccnc of nnothcr lively election meeting. Every part of tlic building was tilled, the attraction being an address from the candidate who lias entered tbo field to contest tlic Argyle election against Sir Henry I'arkes. The Mayor of Goulburn, Mr. 15. Gilles|)ic was in the chair, awl on the platform were Messrs. W. Conolly, J.l'. W. J. Martlet t., :i. H. and S.M. Gannon, G. Mcf-'oniielJ, A. A. Kerr, J. McShane, 15\. 11. Barber, J. McGovcrn, G. Sykcs, It. Capers, W, Clarice, C. McAlistcr, J. J. Bruton, C. Gillespie, J. O. McKntniira, J. Howard, and J. Hrodcrick (both of Crookwell). J. Gillecpie, I*. McShane, H. ilors burgh, J. 1',, G. I,. Knnken J.l'. (Lockyersleigh) H. S.Hursbiirgh,K, J. llurmester.J.I'. Captain WaekMiaw G. Taylor, —Marshall and n few others. Mr.' Gillespie mid lie had been requeued as Mayor of Gonlburn to take the chair at the meeting. He did ho with much pleasure and hoped they would give the enndidale n fair and impartial hearing, and that they would do so whether or not they agreed with the gentleman's view*, (applause). If he was any judge of a Gotilbnrn audience he would my that, in his opinion no neeesjify would arise for having any policeman present to putdisturbers out., (hear bear). One or two might get a little excited but at this the candidate would not, feel annoyed, and he was mire that any questions put to .Mr. Wallace would be answered in.an honest, straight forward . manner, (applause), hater on in the evening two gentlemen from Sydney would address the meeting ; one of these was a member of I'arlia mont whom they all knew by repute and the other was a great speaker who would be listened to with pleasure. Two of the gentlemen who were to nppear before them were Australians (applause), and be hoped before many years to see a number of Auiitralians in the House, Already there was a fair proportion of them rial ires, and he for one was proud of them (cheers) ; but he still further looked for the whole of the Ministry being at some future date Australians (applause), lie did not so wish because the people from the old country were any worse, but natives were just as good, could make as good laws, and take their placc in this land—this great and glorious and free country (loud applause). Tie for one did not wish to sever the tie which bound them to the old country, nor did he think anybody in the hall wished it, (applause). Some thing bad been said about our painted soldiers, but lie would say they wore no such thing, and if the chance was given our men they would prove them selves us good as any others, (loud applause). He hoped they would all try and get their children to feel that, they were as good as themselves, (hear, hear). Mr. Gillespie then announce! that before the candidate addressed the inciting Mr. William Conolly wished to make a few remarks. Mr. Conolly commenced by saying that, the gathering before htm was the largest he had ever addrfcssed in Goulburn. lie 'was glad to see the place growing, and whilst it was so advancing there was one thing he wished to see grow with it, and that was a spirit of independence (applause). He had always been accustomed to judge for himself, but. at the same time felt glad to hear his rieigh bourV opinions, and if they proved better than his o\yn lie was ready to adopt them, but he would never' g6 with a. body.of men,: because lie: believed that each pfersoii, by the exercise "of his own judg ment, wns the best friend to the electorate and the colony at large, (applause). Though lie had not taken much part in public matters lately, having gone into that retirement which was more CongeniaUto h.itn nt.his, present advanced , time ;off life; yet lucre' werospiiie things' which' could not but' stir even old blood (applause). He, as ouc who had begotten not a few, and lie trusted, good natives, hoped that we would,as the chairman had said,-try and make them butter than ourselves; we could not make them braver (hear, hear). We were, always ready to fight- for our,country,' and lie' was proud to see the natives were glad to light for the old country ; hence lie admired the immense gener osity, which said : Let us go find light for her in the Soudan (appl.uisc). Ho had no sympathy with those whose sympathy was not with that movement (cheers). It was to give freedom to a benighted people, to hold our own against the vilest of Empires—Russia, that the struggle was engaged in (applause). Of Germany we had no cause to be afraid. The Germans wcro grntul colonisis—the finest after ourselves (cheers) ; men who would fraternise withj us in any difficulty,. if an. attempt was made on our liberties by that tyrant of tyrants —the Czar of liussia. (applause). That was the question of the evening: were wre to stand up for the liinn who stirred up an enthusiasm in ,6ur midst that would never die out till we had a proper militia, or for the man who called our force painted soldiers. The Volunteer movement established' by Sir Henry 1'urkos was not sutlicient for'the defence of the colony (applause) ; what lie (the speaker) wanted to see was every young fellow from 17 to •10 compelled to carry arms for the good of his country, and he only wished ho was young enough himself to do so. As soon as it rras known that they had flit or (10,000 trained to company and battalion drill, it would be the first note of warning to the great poweas of Uurope to leave us alone—to make them feel that we were dangerous to meddle with, and then wc.might look for pcrfcct peace (applaute). The reason why he was there that night was because he believed Mr. Dalley had done great good for the colony by awakening the enthusiasm which pre vailed ; his action merited support, and they should not allow the opportunity to be taken hold of by the enemy to humiliate him (cheers). He came then because lie believed Mr. Dalley had done the right thing, and lie felt the colonies were all true to the heart (applause). After some allusion to the historic name born by Mr. Wallace, he went on to say that in the election he was perfectly indepen dent, but he did think there was a reason for Mr. Wallace coming forward, and if that gentleman was with them he would support hiln (applause). With extreme regret he he J heard of Mr. ltanken'n ret ire ment. That gentleman was misled and mistaken. He, himself, had always been of opinion that there were two men who should have a place in our Parliament, and they were Mr. Morris and Sir. llnnken ; they were the men who had given to the country the information on which the Land Bill is founded. He did not say the Land llill was per fect; nor did lie require Sir Henry l'arkes's authority for making that statement, rud he was well satisfied no man would bcconio our representa tive unless lie was prepared to move for amendments in the measure. As there wcr* eric? of " time " and calls for the candidate, Mr. Conolly concluded by asking for Mr. Wallacc a fair hearing, which ho trusted the audience would extend to him, and so keep up the credit, of Goulburn (applause). The Mayor then introduced Mr. Wallacc, who was accorded a grand reception, cheering and ap plause being kept up for some time, Mr. Wallacc, in an address of nearly two hours' duration, dealt with the several points of the speech delivered by Sir Henry Pnrkes, and his views met with the approval of the large audience, if we me fojudge by the attention which lie com manded, and the sympathy extended to liim by the great majority of the meeting. The kind and gene rous reception given to him on bis arrival in Goul burn was alluded to by the speaker in the most eulogistic terms, and he thought from the action of ■ those who had assembled to greet him on hisarrival here that something of more than ordinary import ance was stirring the hearts of th<j people. Sir Henrv Pnrkes' abandonment of parliamentary life, nnd his return to the campaign after he had politi cally buried himself, wore commented upon, as also the reasons set forth by Sir Henry for coming to woo the electors of Argylc. The great, violation of the Constitution on the part of the Government in despafching troops to the Soudan had raised him from liis grave, and many of those thiuga he said when speaking on the subject were enouyh to raise any roan from his grave, Tlio appointment of Sir Jnnies Martin as Chief Justieo Wis not owing to the conviction in Sir Henry Parke*' ii)i|id that Sir James Martin was a better mail than Mr, JJuJler ; and if the latter could have resurrected from his grave, Sir Henry Pnrkes would not have dared to say so. Other influences were brought to bear upon the appointment, and Mr. Wallacc having reviewed the affair denounced the whole proceeding as a piece of political treachery, a base and cowardly action to thus shove a man aside who had been to Sir Henry 1'arkes a tower of strength. He asked the audience if they could trust a man that would be guilty of sucty conduct. If ever there was anin tanco in which it o4sbP snid, "Save me from my friends," it was in the ca*a of. /?i,r Henry Parkes' re lations with Mr. llutler. The 8oudw miestion was next gone into. It was norfect folly for Sir Jfcfljy Pnrkes to say lie wns Recking Parliamentary honours becftusB of the Goveruiueut actiqu. ia that matter, 'Die whole thin;; would have been settled by a triumphant majority by the time lie entered the Hou.'c. if chetcd. Sir Henry was seeking to enter . I'.irlinmcnt because, like nn old war-horse, lie. sniffed the battle afar off, and Sir Henry was noth ing in the Moure except he was in power ; as a member for any constituency, he had nhrnvs proved a most useless member. The constitutional aspect of the question was also taken up by .Mr. j Wallace, who said that no man had so over ridden the constitution in the way of spending money without.parliamentary sanction as Sir Jlenry Parkes. lie had spent £-10,000 on gewgaws and gimeracks that were not worth a snap of the finger to the colony, and yet this was tli". man who came and posed before tliein as an authority 011 constitu tionalism. The justification of the Government action was maintained by the ablest men in the colony, and he alluded to Sir Alfred Stephen, Sir James Martin, anil Mr. Darley as bearing him out in this statement. We were indebted to England for all we possessed—for our free institutions, for our safety from foreign interference, and for the proud nnd prosperous position the colonies now hold. In return we should do something for her. A great deal of clap-trap ha(' been indulged in about this war in the Soudan being an unjust, unholy, and unrighteous war, but on tins point 110 man could say England had ever engaged in an unjust war; to do this would be to give the lie to her whole history (applause.) England was the land of the free, and they gloried in her as such (cheers.) England in this war had met with rebuffs ; she was harassed and distressed, and sympathy sent her from the colonies gladdened her heart and did her good (applause.) The chivalrous, high-souled, and patriotic otter made by Mr. Dal ley was promptly conceived and quickly executed, and in that was its honour and glory (cheers.) Some were base enough to say that it was made by Mr. Dalley in order to get a handle to his name. Men of all shades of opinion and all creeds, respected William Hede Dalley, ami even if he had a handle to his name, and nil the let tern of the alphabet after it, he could not be more respected (loud cheers.) The minds that conceived such a thought only gave evidence of their innate worthlessness. Could they think that a man whose whole glory had been de rived from the colony would be guilty of such conduct, for his private ends! Perish the thought and perish the men who utter it (great,'.applause.) No fresh taxation would be imposed in connection with the expedition ; they had it on the authority of Mr. Dibbs that the currcnt revenue would pay all the expense. The action of the other colonies was referred to in order to show that New South Wales was not alone in the niatter, and that if a mistake had been made itwas not confined to this colony. The attack that was made on the men he characterised as a libel, nnd an untruth of the grossest and most wicked kind. Mr, Wallace paid a grand tribute to the mnnly, loyal, and patriotic spirit, shown by Sir John Robertson in this matter. His action in tlii.s had shed more lustre on an already honourable name, Tho Land Hill was also discussed by;Mr. Wallace, and lie said it was ridiculous for Sir:Henry Parkes to talk of amendments in it flow. Instead of being in the House whilst the measure was under consideration he was away in England attending to his business, and not a speech of his js recorded on the subject during the 13 months it was before Pir|i(inient, He not only was not there but he deprived a large constituency, that is deeply conccrncd in this bill, of representation .wliilst it was going through the House." There never was an election in which Sir Henry Parkes. was engaged, where there was not a lot. of^ wire pulling.,nud underground opgiucoring.g <l|S was an able mrin, tio<l6iibt;'but lib would never fiaro' offcrcd, himself for Argyle of his own free-will j it: was 'those wire-pullers that had done the whole thing. The railway policy of the Government was next: referred to, and the railway from Tentcriield to Grafton, assproposcd by the Parkes. Governincnt was a i>icicc of; jobbery that would rob (fuel people of a couple of million." There was one thing that troubled him before he left Sydney. Ho saw in :printthnt the whole Orange body was going to vote for Sir Henry no matter who came against him.. There was no question in this election of tho principles of Oraugcism. He would yield to 110 man in his love and admiration for his religion,' which was the same as theirs, and lie hoped for t)ie, credit of Orangemen,- there was not a particle of truth in the rumour. If there was, then he would say that Orangctlictf. were violating their most solemn ' obligation, ' and in a case of this kind where there was no question of sectarianism 110 organisation should bind itself together, uh their action if they vote for Sir Henry Parkes in » body would be, since it was impossible that there could be that unanimity amongst; 800 men which would make their all lmvc, exactly the same.opinions in the election. T|io question' was one of loyalty to the Crown, and the organisation' that blindly submitted to tho machinations of any wire-pullers to uphold a man opposing that principle was violating an obligation which its member^ must have taken before they joined its ran lip, (applause). He thought Oraugemen wore loyal' honest men who had the loyalty to follow out thier principles and never surrender them into tho bands of any man. It was at all times diitasteful to dis owns the subject. He hated the very name of it. No doubt tlm objects of all these things were good, and great and grand, when kept iu proper limits; but .when scheming politicians attempted to utilise theso organisations for parly purposes, the members should struggle against it, and if they did not succeed, cut their connections with it, Ho hoped tho gentleman who belonged to that party would not allow men to make tools of them. He Ifnpw that there were men in this colony who made it their boast that they bad manipulated these organisa tions to further party ends. Was such within the principles enunciated by the Orange body 1 Nothing of the sort. No man could say that it was without lying—and knowing that lie lies,—against his ordef,' his God, and his country. They had had too much of it, and he hoped in this election every man would do what was right in his conscience and in his heart. Somebody wanted to know what he was prepared to do for Argyle, and he would say that .any time they found a more suitable man he would retire from tie contest. lint if nobody else could be' 'found to oppose Sir Henry Parkes he would, even if he went to ccrtain defeat. A Voice : Y011 can't keep him out. Mr. Wallace did not want to keep Sir Ilcnry Parkes out ef Parliament, but he would like to sec him kept out on tho question on which ho had ap pealed to them. No one had greater respect for Sir Henry Parkes' abilities tlmn he had, nnd he had supported him within ccrtain limits, but not when ho was wrong. When in Parliament lie would not attend to his duties, but left; and in four mouths after ho cats his own words and attempts to crawl in for this constituency, Such a course, taken by a man professing to be something in flip political world, made that man look contemptible. JIc had told hi* friends that he would retire at any time in favour of a'more suitable man; that lie .was not particularly anxious to go into Parliament at pre sent, as whoever was elected, would have to return hero in December, perhaps before. It had been the business of his life to fight other men's battles ; and they could hardly conceive tho difference between a man lighting for another and I<ir himself. Ho never liked fighting his own battle before an audi ence, but when he camo to fight for other men they would find liitn a bit of a terror (cheers), He had been informed that n man wished to contest the clcctorato who was of very.great ability, great ora torical power, a better speaker, than he (Mr. Wal lace) was. . A Voice : I don't think it (laughter). Mr. Wallace ; This was a clcar, long-headed man, abier than most in the present Parliament. Ho would rcfjgn iij (that man s favour, but he would not abandon A('t'i')0: Tfyis ii^an was Mr. John Osborne, editor of the Un/l// 'Jhla/rnjih. Mr. Wal lace continued to speak unf jl nrjivfll: of Mp. Osborne was announced, dealing will* dj rf.erpu t topics and answering many questions, Mr. John Osborne and Mr. Henry Copeland, M.P.. who had just arrived by the express train, then entered, and were received with great chcering. The chairman then introduced Sir. Osborne, who wns given a rery hearty welcome, Mr. Osborne said he was going to commence with " I.ndj.es and Gentlemen," but there were no ladies (laughter and oppjause). He was glad to say they were some ladle*. Mipfc, nf. gny rate. If ho had not been born with some common Ecns.e, )jc had some in him ; and at 10 minutes past 10 ho»yi)S pof,; going to detnin them with a long speech. Ho felt great sympathy with .Mr. Wallace, who, had, ho believed, been speaking ,to them .for nearly two hours. A Voice : Yes, humbug (laughter).1; "Air. Osbotnc : Hoar, hear. ' It was well, at times,. to do a little humbugging. JIc was Tory glad indeed to hare the privilege of talking tosuch a very hand 'fc'ajftQand good humored crowd, and lie was pretty sure, as n of. ,thc roil am) pjjo who had » gooil dash of Irish blood in bis veins, Ihcv would give him a quiet. hearing for fifteen minutes. He ha 1 conic to Argyle becnuse the crisis through which the country h ji* now passing was one of the most important in the history of the colony. In ancient times some great, measures hatl been' before the colony, and a series of meetings <vcrc held to procure the aboli tion of transportation,and in these .sir Henry Parlies had made a great, display. This event, was one of the most important in the history of the colony. The st p from a Crown colony to constitutional government iva? another great. event ; but. lie ven tured to say that the crisis which had arisen at the present time was of more importance than either of the other two. Well, it was a ureal pity that Mr. Ranken had cleared out from this Very important contest. He felt sure that had Mr. ItanUcn taken a stand on this patriotic principle ho would have had a flattering majority ; for iio knew that the whol e community, whether squatters or selector*;, English, Irish, or .Scotch, were patriotic to the bnckbono (cheers) ; and that anything which would relied, discredit or disgrace on this glorious land would be a source of great pain to them what ever their nationality might be. It seemed very strange, to him that. Mr. Ranken should clear out, nnd since he had gone lie had assumed the role of ft mathematical prophet (laughter.) In that morn ing's Jfrrahl lie found a statement of Mr. Ranken's reasons for clearing out. Mr. Ranken said that in the electorate were 2000 voters ; 1)00 of whom were not going to vote at all, 000 more are Orangemen ; nii'l 700 or S00 are Jioman Catholics. "The 1)00 Orangemen," said Mr. Ranken, "will vote for Sir Henry I'arkes ; the 700 Catholics would go for me ; 300 others will be attracted by the magnetic in fluence of a great, name; and though 100 of my personal friends will also support me, it comes to this that before 1 make a speDch I am clean licked by about 100 people." Now, Mr. Iiankcn, who went out with Mr. Augus tus Morris to make a report to Government on (he land question, drew up a wonderful lot of figures nnd evidence to show how much the country should receive from the land in the shape of rent. Ho tried to prove everything by figures, nt which he was famous. But Mr. Ilanken had been whipped and beaten, nnd had run away from the force of figures. Now. somebody said that figures could be made to prove nnything, but. there was one thing they could not prove—that Sir Henry I'arkes was going to win in this contest (cheers). Figures could not prove that they were a set of fools, which they were not, but sensible men (interruption). He'did not hear what was said ; in fact it was very convenient to be deaf and blind sometimes (cheers). This arithmetical prophet had cleared out of this contest, which probably meant that he came to Argyle for the purpose of gratifying his personal, ambition. But he thought that the next best thing to conquering in ft great, battle was to bo defeated (cheers). There were circumstnuces when defeat meant glory, nnd defeated men hnd sometimes i covered themselves with immortal honour._ The J 300 men of the aneieut Greeks who had stood in the ■ pass at Xheimopylic knew that it wns utterly im • possible for thein to live. They felt they had a great cause, aud they said, " If wo cannot live, wc can die, and die like heroes," And every man of that phalanx fell in'thc pass nnd died. And they knew , that tbq old Spartan mothers told their sons when going: out to; battle that they must return with their shields or mi their shields : I lint is that tlioy ' were to eome homo with honour or be brought home dead (cheers). He said that the honour arid •.dignity'of.this colony,-- were • involved -in': this. great "contest, nnd it was not Mr.- llanken's business to 'run awny from, any foe, but to say that "be cftlise the honour of the colon}''isat stake Twill go info tliis election, even though11'may bo; defeated ; : and.I.'Will die honourablyi!': 'Now, he know 'that a great.doql.oJE influence hod been used to.',' rig " • Mr, ' ltnihkon out'oC this contest. " 1 A Voice : He was got nt;,' , |'' Mr.: dsborim could 'ttll them thftt 'ctiter' mdri than , Mr. ltnnkcn had been got nt (cheers).. No doubt some of his friends-had. poured some hogsheads of (ieod .'Water on to 'Mr, • Kan ken j, and he Jmd a chill ' (laughter). He thought of the 1)00 Orangemen ! who wonlil vole en Hoc for, Parkes, and of the 3U0 ' others who were said to'be under the influence of a '■groat name; and so he-accepted the'hdviceof those -j'ivho: told ■ him toi clear -out, lie. thought Air. j Ratiken, who was a Scotchman, must have come J.from some part of Scotland not on the map (laugh ter) j because, were' he' a' Scotchman, really and j truly, lie would have.fought (cheers). But lie lis ''tened fo this advice,;nml away he went out of the j district, aud so played the game of an opponent, ' Now lie could tell thom he was not going to be I "dowsed" with cold water (cheers). When God j Almighty made him'i'Johh Osborne, He put a good deal,of Jriijh blood into his veins, and ho was not Lgotng! to,"1 run's away ;(ctiecrs); jSom'e; of them had, '] heard of York'-street in Sydney, arid'of a great fight j ho bad made there against religious bigotry and iii ,„toJcmncQ,(i»prpnr)..... .. ..„ .... HMrf Osyorrio : A 'letter came down from tliis piacei.to Sydriey-7-- . g J- '. T "A Voice : Put him out. , " ' "1" Mr. Osborne (who made the mistake of thinking the interjection refcrrcd'to him) said ho did' not think any-of. these gentlemen could -put him-out. As- thcy could sec, lie was a pretty wiry customer. Buthe did not engage in physical contests, aud he did not want any physical contest there. Ho was going to be heard, and the fair play of the men of Goulburn would not permit them to put him out (cheers). One of their rights in this country .was that of free speech; thank God for that. They would agree to differ, and would not quarrel about it, A letter had come from Goulburn to Sydney fo say j.h!>fc Osborne jvtjs not known, and that he had no clianoc, as Sif Hcnfy Pnrk.cs would win "hands down " (" no, no "). A voice said "no," and he had heart to stand in tho breach ai(d fight this battle to the last, and he wns sure they would rally around him, even though Sir Henry I'arkes had many supporters. What was the issue before.tho country and before the electors/ Some said that tho real issue was this : Should the colony have sent troops to the Soudan? They would let him say that this was not the real issue. The real issue wns not this, but was, should they dishonour this great colony in the eyes of the whole world by repudiating the action of the Government/ Were: they going to do this? (cheers). A Voice : Sir Henry I'arkes doos not say so. Mr. Osborne did not care two straws what Sir Henry I'arkes said. He nnd others were educated men, who were as well able to form corrcct opin ions as Sir Henry I'arkes. Ho would like to know who was Sir Henry Parkeg that he should dictate to them ? (chcers). If they repudiated this act of the Government, what would the effect be in Ger many and in England on their fathers aud brothers, and countrymen at home! A Voice : Ask the Freethinker. • Mp. Qsborne did not need to nslcn Freethinker or any ofbej' mail,' The effect would bo this : If they repudiated this n.et by sorjctlng Sty Henry Parkes to Parliament, they would be disgraced iij the eyes of the whole world (cheers). Tho other night he had tho privilege of listening to Sir John Robertson, who made one of the grandest speeches ever heard iu Parliament. Ho did not think ft single individual present who believed in Sir John Robertson would refuse to give him three cheers (tremendous cheers and uproar). Old Sir John was one of the noblest of patriots, and though lie was at the head of the Opposition-ho would'have nothing to do uith party, when the question was one of patrio tism.. 'Thoy iwwJ4 hgrvj' on the same ques tion by nnd by what one of the strongest men in tho Parliament of this colony—Mr. dope land (eheel's)—bad to say. Tho Hou.se was moved by that speech of Sir John Robertson's as it had never been moved since the days, of Edward Butler and Daniel Henry Dcuiehy, these glorious men who represented them in the past. And, whatever Argyle might do, the battle was won by that speech of Sir John Robertson's, People said that the Orangemen of Argyle meant to vote en «/«**(• for Parkes. Well, the Orangemen had a perfect right to dp anything they liked except to interfere with the ilb'oi ty of oflit)' people. A Voice : What doos IfcdmQutJ gay Mr. Osborne: Well, what did Redmond say? Now, he did not believe that the S00 Orangemen in Argyle-were going to rote solid for Sir Henry Parkes. 'Tliey might take exception to Orangemen in manv ways', but they knew that the true Orange man was loyal to tho Queen and constitution of the country. _ . A Voico : -That a inoro than Dalley is. ' Mr. Osborne was. happy to say that the Hon. William Jlecjp js as Joyal to tho Queen nnd constitution as any bfea.thcd tho air of Heaven thnt day (cheers), A Voicc on the platform : He has proved so, I Mr. Osborne : Ho has proved so; there was no . doubt of that. He did not believe it to bo within j tlio bounds of possibility that the whole Orange body or oven a considerable number, would vote I for Sir Houry Parkes. They could not- do so, because (hey were loyal U> the Queen and constitution ' of (he country, ami they could not. vote for 1'arltes, because it meant re pudiation. They would read in (h<; Xnrx that the lcadins Orangeman of Sydney vrcre totally opposed to the stand taken by Sir Henry ; mid there was hardly sin intlnonlial Oranremau thnt, doi-s nol agree '.villi the action (if tlie Government in sending troops to the Soudnp. Who were the men who brought Sir Henry Varices forward Why l!:e squeaking member (laughter) "and 1'iieiiard McCoy, the oily gentlemruMvh'i would like to lie a member, only he could not induce even the Oranuenien to vote for him (cheers). Thry knew that, in connection with resurrection?, there wcro generally grand dramatic displays, as tliev had read that trumpets were sounded when people wcro being raised from the dead ; and Sir Henry was raised bv the squeaking voice of Abigail an 1 Ihe oily voice of Mr. McCoy (cheers and laughter). lie lielieved after all that these Orangemen would be true to their traditions and loynl to their country. A Voicc : .Alt, leave the Orangemen alone. Mr. Osborne was going to leave them alone. He had pone to. .tlie reception of Archbishop Mora 11 some time ago, and noticed two.Irishmen sirugu'ling to the front to get u glimpse of the Archbishop. At last blows were struck, and the Archbishop, who had up to thnt been unmoved, smiled and said, "I'm m «ild'Ireland, ijgnfn11 ;(lnughtcr). He had seen: 0:1 thosa'me bccnsioii,' over the great, nave of the CSahredr.U, three or four flags. On the right hand was the grand old ensign of JCnglnnd ; in the middle was found the Irish ll iir and the American flag. Thoy k'sc.w the harp ir>f Uiin. 1 A Voice : A.r;;.bcgnjl ■ 1 do (great laughter and cheers)..' , Mr. Osbornb: And' pn the, other Mdp wns the Australian ensign, arid over all the Union Jack. _ He could assure them. lie stood ajwl looked oti this sight with adruii;ati6ti,\atid lie kif<l,' ."ifere is'the symbol of unity over ;tbi*; church •• .'•(clieers); ' It'.might, have been good tact, or clever nrriuigepclitbut it was a grand sight. , What did the whole tsigti'ify /' A Voice : Policy. ' ' ^ M r. Oaboriic'• dared' to':sny tliatJhc -gentleman who had:inadc this'.exel.imntion would' not. Iff0 to lmve his nets publicly'declared ,to be prompted by polioy. lie did not bdlicv'c ih'nt; it, was ipolicy! But what he wanted to bring out prominently was that aU nationalities were represented, in this city of Goulbnni. fsomb of1 them were'Knglishmeh and gloried in' their laud. Sonic of them were Scotch men, hud though they might have come from;a part whe're it' would take'20 acres of soil to feed 11 bandicoot (laughter), tliey, too, gloiicd in their-, country.' ,An?l he wjis suro thcrc was,npt an Irish man in £he'meeting who would not, if he lind the. chance, kias, the, very soil, of .Old Ireland (elieen)'.. There wns no'Anstrnlian present—and he was an Australian himself,.born in the II In warm district (cheers)—who did not glory,.in this rndiaut land: the best land, thnt ever God made (cheers). And lie himself loved this land so much'that he did not want to go to Heaven until lie wns 120 years old (lnughtqr and cheers). Now, here were they, Irishmen, Englishmen, ami Scotchman, with their families growing up here together, having their own land and not subjected to the terrible grinding poverty of that country from which his ancestors had sprung; they loved this land, and would fight for it. Patriotism was deep in their hearts, alongside that other love, and this was the lesson ho was taught that day at St, Mary's Cathedral. If this act of Government were repudiated, it would bring the blush of shame to every face there, women as well ,ns men. For he spoke the sentiments of the ladies when he Baid that this expedition should be main tained. Women did not consider the rights or wrongs of the question—they only thought of helping those who were fighting their country's battles. He nppealed to all, whether Orangemen, I'rotestants, or Catholics (for all were citizens of this glorious land), he asked them as one who had sacrificed ft very great deal in contesting this election, to rally round the Government, and re fuse to repudiate an net which had covered us with glory (loud cheers.) Mr. Henry Copoland, M,L,A„ late Minister for Works, who was loudly cheered, said: It is rather an unfortunate situation in which I am placed to address you at this late hour, nftcr giving such attention to other speakers ; but a man would be very cold-blooded did lie not feel some enthusiasm in addressing n meeting like this. I did not think when in the rni.lway carriage that I could have said it do/.on words,' but now I could talk to you ■until you were ;all talked;,to- death (cheers.) I just feel in a fit way to speak* to you, 1 or 50 meetings, one after, the other j because I am not one of thosb-'Who take a thing, in hand and go into it coldly., I have taken this contest in hand with ■thrit; enthusiasm which should take possession1 of every'man j no matter what his religion or: his nationality may be. O11 .Saturday when I inciden tally heard of the state of affaire,.here, Invent- into fSydneyito resign my seat aiid to coittest^this elcc-.! tion. i'l'his morning I; received! a leit6r from jjlfi I Osborne, telling me thafcircumstances had arisen whieh wotild prevent him from contesting the tight aiid I went into Sydney to write out my resignation to the Speaker. Well r-iiin.very glad- tosnythnt it wns not necessary to take this course, because 'my i friend Mr. Osborne has been nblo to come up riftd' do this fight himself (cheers). And I tliink you will find in him as good n man as over took'the' field. In sending a man to fight Sir Henry Pnrkes wc arc not sending a wooden man j we know! we have a giant to slay, and we arc sendingn man that can slay that giant (cheers). Depend upon it that Mr. Osborne will'not disgrace you in this fight, hnd I think it would be the greatest calamity that ever; happened this country wcro Sir Henry Parkcs' successful. No other man lins done this country more harm (groans ami cheers) ; 110 other man ihns set peopled/by fhg' pap iv§ he 'has' done.' And who / else has lived by" piling • all kinds o£. ' national and religious animosities'?' A Voice : Cheers for Copoland (cheers'). Mr. Copelamlili; speak toyoii as Australians, not os Orangemen, as Catholics, or anything clio.j 1 want to know nothing whntorer about yoiir reli gious convictions or your nationality, i ,biit]I ;«iy there is no public man who lias 'created irio'ro clls sension in this-country, or who has so tried toistjtT man against 111:111 ns Mir Henry Parkes ("groans and cheers). There has ncverbccn a political;contest in which this man has not' tried to ,set Orangemen against Catholics, nnd Knglishinen ngaiiiSt' Irish men. He has resorted to e ve ry; p o 1 i t i yn Idortgc pos sible. I ask you now , toj,consider this (disorder), to cousidcr tllia fact that iu iigliting this bijc -tight we have 110 other interest to s-rve than the honour of the country. There is nothing to be gained ; my friend Mr. Osborne is running the risk of hav ing to throw up a remunerative engagement ns one' of the editors of the Sydney Daily Telegraph ; and in coming to tight here, lie stands the chauce of losing this engagement, ltut being possessed of n true sense of ttie importance of this contest, he said, " I do not care what I might lose ; bettor for me to lose my" positioii,' than fo); Goulbuvn mk) for Australia td lose its honour."' If it was a inore question ns to whether we should sciiti tbis contin gent to the Soudan, or not, then it would be an open question whichflnny man might consider and deliberate upon. Hut our men have gone to the wars, nnd uuder no possible circumstances can we withdraw them. Oitr troops, within a week from tbis day. before this contest is settled, will have their lives in their hands, they will be lighting the enemy, will our Australian soldiers ; our sons, and brothers, and intimate friends ; and 1 niny say here that my eldest sou is gone (loud and prolonged cheers), i wnntyou to view this question from thisstniidpoint, flt'rtt. if you return Sir Henry 1'arkcs yon absolutely slay: our men, for no man can tight who believes he is light ing in a wrong cause. They are in the war at any moment, and may have to stand to their arms in a band-to-hand light for their lives and for the honor of their country. Will you weaken their arms by telling them that they have nO right there 1 If Goulburn returns Sir Henry l'arkes, you will tell Lnubu ouu men iuiu mcy nave 110 right in Egypt; you tell every mini thnt lie ling gone on ft fool's errand (" no, 110 "). A lid I siiy if you return him you tinncj:vfl one men, nnd dampen thnt manly courage that nil men Jool who fight in a l-ighfful cause. Our men wentnway thinking tlioy lintl 'tho country .it their back. Those of you who saw tho immense crowd oil the dny of cmbnrkntion, will bear this iu mind, that tho men left thinking the whole people would back them up with their sympathies No sooner will they laud iu Egypt tiiau they will receive a telegram (though I can't conceive that the constituency will do sucli.n thing as to send this mnn to riirli.imcnt) tolling them that Aigjlp ig nqi with them. I ask you to con sider thit-^-nevc)'' nifnd whether ip is W'ighj. of wrong—our men njo gone (liero tv(i cannot bring them back—not if you sent tlfty l'arkcscs to Parliament. Our men must: fight; they will light; nud, by God, I Relieve tlioy will like men (lo'.ul cheers). Then I ask, will under any political excitement whatever, for the pake of giving some man a Beat because you hnppen to lie teetotallers, and he tlie author of the Licen sing Act.. will you weaken t-he nerves of our brothers ami fricnils. ami sacrifice them Within a week, our men will be Jishtir.j"; one of tV.e Inn vest races on tile fane of the earth. Will yo.i. for (lie fake of some tn:;npery political point, return this man to Parliament — this man who has (lisjjracftil 1'ailia ment - 1'Cca ;;se 1 say J In* man who retires ami seii'ls such an ntWrts-s to tiu electors A Voice : lie never ;_r<;t. drunk. Mr. ('"pcbiud : Never mind th:it ; n ine men have ;iot thu ft'iise (o f:>l drunk, J>.,!, ( iimieiiie you trouble !n.: n!i that M-nre ; m;isiv better men than 1 have [;ot drunk, ana ! hup.; I ui)] live 1o uet fiiuriK airiiiu. If this wore :ui oj-Jjiini'v flection, ov an oei-a.-.ion when some ful uie policy Ivan to be con sidered, I would sav, do wliaI, -n'.i will ; bd-au-e other conMitnencics won],] send oilier men. and any ''.""•p would be eoiniitibal.mee.l : but before this election istivorr.ur nn'ii will bo lmdcl :i( the scat oj war; and if. us the papers p.-.y, it took General (irahaui bee hours to beat (lie enemy near Suakini there must have been some hard Ji^hlin". .\,w' can a man fi«hl if told he is in the wrou-- .' This point, strikes me most fore:Idv : If we ciudd brine our men bael; again bomr.ibly. f Jiis w.vuld be n fair question, bat. you will take all the Mretigth from their arms by telling them thcr are in'thc wron"-, I ask you to rally inmid Mr. 6,-boi ne (cheers and hisses) ; it is too late to speak at any great length, but. 1 wont to arouse r-otnc little mnnlv cutlir.sin.siu tu yon. I ilnn t carc what are vour political views • .Vou t>rc all men and Britons. and Irish. Scotch, ami Knglisli are all fi^htin;^ side by side in'this couth,. Kent. I do not think if you saw your brother or intimate friend in a tight, yon would stand bv and inquire, before helping him, whether he got into it constitutionally or not ; cspeciallv if rre were belli" severely punched. Vou would" join in and save your fricml, and then inquire about the con.sfitu tionnl part of it. Kir Henry Parkes is a man whom I know- better t!nn you do ("no, no"). 1 went into P.n'li,nn?nt as his staunch supporter, and * toll.you it was bis cold-blooded iinmanliness that .drove me away from him (cheers). 1 tell you if Sir Henry PnrkcsVj mother were drowning in tlic river, he would noL help her until be tirst inquired whether he couldhelpher with profit to himself. This fight is only commencing. and I ask vou to put a little warmth in to if. linns vonr British blood and tight like men. for you have a true man fo fight for. You arc supporting no nincompoop; there is no .better, man in Sydney Lh.m Mr. Osborne, if .sir Henry I'arkes had his knighthood taken away, I tell you there would be no comparison between the tw'o men (cheers), Jie has disyr,iced his knighthood awl should have it taken aivny. Jie is a fraud mid a disgrace to it (cheers). This man has gone from one cud of Britain to the other, and was paid all kinds of compliments, and made loyal addresses ; hut . what do wc find 1 Because there is a possible chance of getting back to oflice and £2000 per year, he is prepared to sacrifice, not only the honour of Aus tralia, but to pretend that wc are not loral subjects; that we are not. prepared to light for the inother conn try (cheers an.1 uproar). Not only Is he prepared to do it-—but I say you will do it if you return hiin to Parliament tbis mau who has resigned and died three times over—it will bring disgrace on you (cliecrs.) 1 here is a sect in France of which some ofyiiu may have heard, who believe in the doctrine of re- incarnation ; that the spirit of a man appears a second and third time. I am inclined to think there must be some truth in it, This man has 'dipd for the third time, and we have seen his ghost to. night (laughter.) He has told us thnt Parliament is so corrupt that he cannot trust his virtuous soul in it, and now we have involved the country in a matter which has called him from death to life. What is behind nil this? There is £2000 a year behind it. But even if you send Sir Heury-Paikcs to Parliament, you do not send him back to oSice I hope your British blood will rise, that-yout will fight like true men, and return to Parliament a'true man like Mr. John Osborne (loud cheers.) The clmirmm then intimated that question lime hqu come. AJoico ' is your opinion, Mr, Osborne, an the licensing act t Mr. Osborne : I get on remarkably well on tea (laughter.) I take three or four cups ill the day, and never keep spirits in my house (laughter.) "i think tuc present law is pretty fair—so fur as I understand it._ 1'he question, you see, is .-a * very general one. ■' l ' ' A Voice : What about York-street ? •* Mr. Osborne: Well. I think I lifted Old York, street pretty remarkably. If there are any moro questions, ask them good humoredly. The chairman invited more questions, but with the noise and confusion in the rear of the "allery the voices of questioners were drowned ° Mr' £•. Marsden : Have you given us the whole of your political views to-night. ■ •• ' Certainly not; why, thor would fill ajboqU.) •, Vf, : \ '■. •. i •. \ • ) Mr. Marscten : Can you expect the electors of Argyieto vote for a man who does not tell them his political views 1 Mr. Osborne,: Can you c.\pcct that a man who only comes here at ten minutes past ten could;give \- all'Ma political views ? (cheers.) •• ;; -! A Voice : Arc you iu favour of the payment members/. Mr. Osborne : I should certainly like very much to see the system introduced for the benefit of what is called working men. 1, myself, don't want pay ment, for I can always earn enough with uiy brains, out for the sake of the working classes) who oii"l t to be represented by men of their own order, I should nlwftj's vote for payment of members. ■ • A Voice : What did you leave the church for/ -• ,Another. Voice : Jie left when he was kicked ont, m Several persons on the platform : Dou!t reply to such'a question; 11 . o Osboi-iiG .1 left tliQ \yan(cd to . Hvo an liououm.blo nimi (chcern,) Wiien I found tlmt a certain action o£ mine wns not in harniouy with the principles of the Wcsleynn chureh I did what every honest mau ought to do—I cleared out (checrs.) n ^?'co * AVby c]'^ you criticise Sir Heury -Xarkes iristcad of stating your political views?. ■' Mr. Osborne: Because there is only one issue before the country—the despatch of troops—and that issue I mean to stick to chcers for I\\\rkc3j nud hisses.) ihis meeting is not one for a complete statement of political views, and the candidate who is chosen will have to return here in three mouths, as Parliament is certain to be dissolved iu flint time. Mr, W m. Conolly, J.I\, who , was loudly cheered by one portion of the audience, and by another groaned, said : I think if you , know 1110 you will give me fivo minutes. Jcjimc into thishallnotknow, nig what I would do, because 1 had not heard the candidate. I have heard Mr. Wallace, and a more manly man 1 never listened to (chcers and uproar,) i think at my time of life I know an honest man * meet him, and. I hope to hear of .Mr, ' . lco Parliament soon..' I 'will 'any'tnoriii u hen 1. heard that atiofher gcntlcrman'wrtS'goiiig'lo be here of whom 1 know a little by reputation, I was determined except Mr. Wallace stood that I would give him my support when I heard what he had to say. 1 tell you there is no question now but the Soudan, and t think flic people of Arpyle will do nothing to put even the touch of disgrncc on this colony. Wc can all agico on the one great subject, whether it was prudent or not. \\\ e know.somc men and their characters ; and though I want to avoid sayiug anything, of .Sir ■Henry Parkes, 1 wish he ^yere in the Upper IIouso and amongst .gentlemen who would teach hurt manners, 1 ,1 havo heard Mr. Osborne, nud ivo would i??UluVu? ™r^ves after coming here, to Support Mr. \\\ allacc, who has acted so unselfishly, if we did uot rally round Mr. Osborne ("no, no " and "yes") and make him member for this electorate, 1 hoped, too; that more men of Jlr. Osborne's forcc and independence would bo sent to. I'avliaiuent, Mr. ' Conolly concluded by moving a vote of contidcnco in Jlr. Osborne. Mr. JiowTinl, of Cronkwcll. seconded the vote, lie thought they had' the true metal' in 3tfi Usbornc, who was a gentleman able to fight his own „ , l:lr, battles, and one who would not get otlcndpd at soi)ip Jittlp thiijg and run away. Thsy knew from exlieiiofito that) SlrJrrny Parlies wonjii ,w,° unless he could lead, aj/d\: * people had said he should not lead. Tho'.cforc, if lie wcro returned for Argyie, J,0 would leave it as lie did reiiterlicld (chcers). ■ . : i Mr.. Bartlett supported the vote, which wns corned, and duly acknowledged. Jlr. Osborne proposed a vote of thanks fo 'the chairman, which was carried. Tbo meeting broke at about 11,40 Sir Henry I'nrkcs speaks rit tbc 0deifcllows' Hnll lo.niglit, nuil to-morrow, nigbt Mr. Osborno will tuldrcss ilic clcctors at tliu same placc. 