THROUGH TASMANIA, No. 71. [BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT] The open plain and downs reaching northerly from the banks of the Derwent by Old Beach and Bridgewater, like the body of a star fish, have a system of radial points striking off in numerous valleys, which converge at Pontville. The south eastern boundary is a waving ridge of wattle and she-oak hills, like a great deer park just having, singly and in groves, a sufficiency of timber for shelter from sun and storm. These are the tapering off spurs of that up heaved cluster of hills overlookmg the river, whose most striking points are Gunner's Quoin and Mount Direction. Passes on this side, generally at right angles with the sinuous course of the ridge comb, open the way to valleys connecting the arable soils of this district with those of Richmond and Colebrookdale, which in turn, and by a similar conformation join Sorell, or Pittwater, its older name. Opposite, the Bagdad and Broad marsh valleys strike between north and north-west, divided by the Brighton ridge, which joins the Mangulou tier, and ulti- mately the Den. A saddle or cross valley is between Bagdad and Black Brush. The Bagdad Tiers on the east, and Dromedary range on the west bound those respective sides and determine the watershed. It is just 2o years ago last August, pre- railway days, days when Her Majesty's mails and lieges were conveyed by stage coach between the points on that triumph of McAdam's practical invention, the Queen's highway from Hobart Town to Launceston. Brighton, as indeed every township the coaches passed through, was in the heyday of its glory, and mine host of the coaching inn was always an aristocrat whose corns it was well to respect. Old Davis of the Epsom was no exception. Over a quarter of a million per annum of Imperial money found its way into circulation at that time, an addition to the colony's wealth, for which no export was required. From Pittwater, from Melton, Jericho, Spring Hill, Richmond, New Norfolk, and everywhere within 20 miles, yeomen and gentlemen streamed towards Brighton, for has not Davis, with the lavish prodigality of his race, provided a stout buck for the hunt. Of course the hotels were full to the ceiling the night before, and Noakes and Stokes, with other folks of the small farmer class, snored side by side on tables, or wherever they could, in a similar key to that trumpeted from between boniface's best bedroom sheets above by three abreast patricians. The hunt, and nothing but the hunt, was the topic till midnight before in every hostel within 20 miles, and for 20 days after. A veritable buck was to be loosed, and there was a grand muster. The morning broke with a slight haze and gentle breeze from the sou'-west, and the ground was just in the prime of condition. Very early, people were astir, and a heavy staff of irregulars, besides orthodox grooms were plying wisp and brush to a well sustained "suss, whuss,"' "Whoa, Ladybird,"' "Quiet, Dick!" "Ah, you, steady Cruiser!" etc, with monotonous industry. Crowds of rustics criticised the bays and greys, as these whisked their tails and, with ears back, made sundry savage snaps at their at attendants. Smothered yelps from a loose box set apart as a kennel made that a centre of attraction as the huntsman, Geo. Edwards, in scarlet, cords and tops, whip in hand, took a final look at his charges before breakfast. Horsemen from every point were mustering, and before the buck was loosed, a field of fully 120 equestrians and equestriennes were in the saddle. The latter were few, and it was easy to find them in centres of crowds of worshipping gallants dying for notice. The Davis girls in all the glory of their natue beauty, faultlessly habited in Lincoln green, which set their statuesque figures off perfectly, dazzled their host of admirers, rejoicing to smile or laugh out- right at any sally which gave opportunity to throw expression into their sloe black orbs, or show their rows of pearly teeth. No less than an angel's namesake - even Gabriel, a great dentist of the day - was their par- ticular champion, and no one would think, till his horse was in motion, that he was not born to the saddle Then, albeit, gorgeously attired en regle, the dentist could be distinguished from the hunter. Twenty-five of the hundred and twenty had donned scarlet, and as the cluster moved, each one in an orbit of his own, and no two, alike preparatory to the buck being started, we notice the master (John Bisdee) on that magnificent fencer Tom, Sam Blackwell on Jenny (a grey), Francis Smith (now Sir F. S.) on the steeple- chaser Countess, W. Villeneuve Smith on Polly Hopkins, Mr. Fitzgerald (Oatlands) on the flat racer Saucy Dick, Jas. Lord, sen., on Bessie Bedlam, R. Allwright on Randall, K. Flexmore on Bolivar, J. T. Coram on a skewball, the huntsman on the steeplechaser Prince (afterward S. Blackwell's), John Butler on a chestnut, Dr. McNamara on Raglan, John Palmer on a pony, Mr. Gabriel on Fanny, the Davis girls on superb mounts, one being on Queen of Hearts (a present from the Hon. Jno. Lord), etc., a splendid cavalcade. The royal stag was produced and liberated, but became bewildered. Jim Halley, the smith, hooted him and shook his leather apron to make him start, and he trotted off toward a post and rail, near where the Roman Catholic chapel is now; but instead of topping it tried to get between the rails. The mob of pedestrians hooted this proceeding, and the smith and a boy pushed him over the fence. The quarter hour lay expiring. Edwards set the hounds, and the field was in motion. Dr. Macnamara at a dead-wood got spilled, being shot a couple of rods ahead of his horse; but the old gentleman was unhurt in the sand. Only two of the field topped the next fence, a post and rail, down by where the station now is, and in this paddock the hounds ran in to the stag. His career ended here by Edwards cutting his throat. It was, as John Palmer, sen., predicted, a poor chase. A kangaroo hunt was now proposed, and the field, preceded by the huntsman, and pack went off toward Shene, where tally ho! soon sounded, and a brisk run commenced. Gabriel led his fair charges to a deadwood where the number that had crossed left no more than eighteen inches standing. Here he pulled the 13.3 pony together, and with legs abroad cleared it in style, and thus encouraged, the ladies followed. At another, Palmer led a jump in advance of the skewball's rider, but the latter did not fare well. In landing, his hat was sent several paces forward, and he followed, head first, with such precision as to enter it in an antipodean rather than normal manner, and with force sufficient to have gone in altogether, had not his shoulders brought him up. Boomer was killed in half an hour without getting off Shene, and as the custom was the hat went round for the huntsman's benefit prior to field separating. Mr. Bisdee imported and bred the pack, which was a good one, kept up at his own expense, at Lovely Banks. At a recent meet at Brighton it was difficult to keep the hounds out of houses with open doors. A drag was taken across country, the hindquarters of a rabbit or some thing of the kind; but it was not until the huntsman dragged a sheep's head and pluck (watch and chain) that the dogs went to work heartily - probably the vanguard speculated on a feed. Stonefield, Mr. D. V. Fergusson's farm, is a mile or two from Brighton up the Jordan. The house has the reputation of being the oldest stone dwelling in this part of Tasmania, dating from 1824, the year Governor Arthur assumed charge of the colony. Mr. F 's grandmother came in the same vessel as this Governor, and from then to her death lived in this neighbourhood, some miles up the marsh. There is but 10 acres by the homestead, but adjoining land appertaining to the estate makes a total of about 220. Of 90 acres cultivateable, 60 is marsh, deep black soil, very fertile. The Jordan meanders considerably through this bottom, and very little expense and ingenuity would irrigate the whole, a matter of vital importance where area is limited, and the owner is launching out as a breeder of horses. The entrance proper to the Broadmarsh Vale may be said to begin here, and it continues for about 13 miles further, having much the same characteristics. General farming, dairying, stock breeding, and fattening, woolgrowing on the runs back both sides, and fruit growing, are followed through this tract. In sight from here is Cobb's Hollow, one the nests of Cavanagh, Cash, and Jones, the bushrangers. Their retreats were among the fastnesses of the Dromedary range overlooking the Hollow and Vale generally, haunts where now, instead of a bush in the state of nature and desperadoes, we meet the cultivated farms and orchards of an industrious and law abiding people. Blendon, 560 acres, and Rodbourne, 600 acres, join Stonefield on different sides, both fertile areas and fronting on the river. A singularly pretty pyramidal hill with bell summit flanks the cultivated part of Rodbourne, which, under Mr. T. Mortyn's care, appears in good order and well tilled. Sheep are kept on all three. The profusely grown willows on the river side overhanging grassy banks are pecularly grateful for shade and coolness at this season, and are practical and eloquent demonstrants of the value of continuous moisture. Mr. Fergusson is secretary to the Brighton Racing Club, an association with a very reasonable grievance needing prompt remedying. As far back as 1854 about 120 acres of the Sandy plain was reserved by the Governor, Sir W. T. Denison, and set apart for racing, and leased to trustees for this purpose. In 1864, May 16, it was transferred to the municipality of Brighton, created the previous year. The wisdom of the step is obvious, for in the event of the Race Club or trustees collapsing for a few years the land would revert to the Crown, and it might be difficult to get it back. The resolution of May 10, 1864 (Sir T Gore Browne's time) reads: "The Governor in Council approves of the piece of land known as Brighton racecourse being reserved from sale for the present, and placed in charge of the municipal council of Brighton for the purpose of a racecourse." The municipal officers have stuck to the course as if it was their property, and have leased it for pasturage at about £25 per annum for many years. Graciously permission has been acccorded the racing club to hold race meetings there, and to effect certain improvements at its own (the latter's) cost. The club is desirous that the municipality shall make the course over to it at a pepper- corn rent for the future, and refund moneys illegally appropriated from this source for legitimate expenditure on improving the course in accordance with the expressed sense of the Government resolution, because it is a trust property handed over for a specific purpose, a purpose very foreign to that assumed by the municipality If the money collected as rent does not belong to the Race Club, it belongs to the Treasury, being rent of part of the public estate, to which Brighton only has a pro rata right with the rest of the colony The hon. member for the district thus words his opinion . . . "copy of records affecting racecourses by which you will see that the municipality only had it for the purpose of a racecourse, therefore ought to have spent all money received on its improvement." The course is a left- hand one, measuring in the inside of elliptical track 1¼ miles. Mr. Fergusson owns a raking thorough- brod horse, "Euclid," the winner of the Adelaide Cup in 1882, 2 miles, in 3min. 3¾sec., from a field amongst which the names of Commotion, Bellodrum, Pollio, etc., appear, these three running a dead heat for second place. Without being unwieldy, he ia a big horse, with tremcndous muscular power wherever you look at him, shoulder, arm, loin, or gaskin, measuring like a draught horse round arm and stifle, but finishing off below knee and hoof like a deer, and showing magnificent quality. Running the finger and thumb down his back sinews gives the idea of feeling steel wires under silk, and he is clean legged as a colt. He stands 16.1 unshod, is dark brown, shading to black toward the points, and has one white fore foot, and white foot and sock behind. A hog mane spoils his neck, which is straight rather than arched, the only fault, if it be a fault in the horse, but as his mane grows his appearance here will change. Euclid has a splendid head and face, rather heavy about the jowl like most Panics, but full of quality at crest and muzzle, broad across the forehead, and he has an intelligent eye full of spirit. In temper he is perfection, kind as a tame fawn. Beginning with the illustrious Panic, his sire, and his dam, The Proposition, his ancestral roll goes back to the Darly Arabian, through such equine celebrities as Venison, Melbourne, Waxy, Sorcerer, Humphrey, Clinker, Lanercost, Liverpool, Tramp, Emelius, Orville, Tomboy, etc. The latter was half-brother to Beeswing, the winner of 54 out of 64 races in England, including four Doncaster cups , and though the female in his lineage shone as queens of the turf, his pedigree is more eminently marked by performers among male progenitors - a significant factor to breeders anxious for the reproduction of similar qualities of excellence. His is essentially the history for a successful sire. Several mares with Assyrian foals to foot are in the paddocks, among others Buttercup and some Horatio and Enchanter mares from Coal River went home the day I called. Though arriving late, Euclid had a full season, and I hope in a few years such great horses as Euclid and The Assyrian will make a marked impress for the better on our equine stock. Though the divide between the Jordan and Bagdad rivulet is not very high, 500ft. at most, the climb is calculated to promote perspiration on a hot day, particularly with the wind at N.E., in which case the Jordan side is becalmed. It is a nice grassy slope of ironstone land and clay, fairly wooded. An occasional bunny scampers for dear life at a stranger's approach, knowing everybody is his enemy. From the top the view is compensation for the struggle up. Additional to a great part of Brighton district and the lower section of Green Ponds, the Derwent and Glenorchy are in sight. The breeze too as the crest is gained, fans with doubly refreshing briskness. These hill tops are favourite resorts of sheep, which follow the shade as it works from side to side of the trees, being apparently satiated with the sight of plenteous herbage. In the direction of Lackiey's Mill is a waving sea of tree tops without a break to the terrace above the main road, and on the left of the saddle where Black Brush lane is the communicating thoroughfare between the Main and Broadmarsh roads a conical hill rises, on which are clear fields of grain or grass, fringed by the margin of the uncleared, almost to the top. I struck a bee-line for Oakwood-house, and found the conformation of this side suitable for a dam, that built to 8ft. high would store millions of gallons for irrigating the lower lands. No one hurrying through by rail can estimate the area of land farmed along this valley and back both sides from it, mostly small farms too. Every quarter mile or so one appears to the right or left in desultory order till the Coal River Vale is made. A pretty schoolhouse, teachers' residence and garden stand by the road a couple of miles or so past the little chapel on Mr. Barwick's land. Thirty to 40 children are taught here. There are some very nice crops visible right through, and feed is abundant. Woodlands, about 4,000 acres next to Shene, is the largest property in Brighton, and besides the deer park hills on the right goes back on the forest tiers on the left for a distance. The Main Line cuts it in two near the middle of its arable proportion, 500 acres which is alternately tilled and fallowed or grassed. As wheat land it has n0 superior in the island for yielding a regular 40 bushels. This crop has been realised for 15 consecutive years. For root crops, too, it is grand, but rather dry. Sixty to 70 acres lays admirably for irrigating, which is quite feasible at an initial cost of about £150, and would be done then for a lifetime or more. One year's grasses would reimburse the outlay. Mr. Joseph Barwick is the owner of Woodlands. He purchased the nucleus of it 20 years ago, when, like so many broad grain fields and pastures in Tasmania, it was a thicket of scrub, through which a straight track was impossible without axe and fire. To see the harvester making regular work in a decreasing spiral round the grain crop, or mower laying down hay wholesale in the bottom, or to cast the eye toward the right of the line toward the dome topped undulating hills and sweeping saddles dotted with wattles or sheoak, which seem as though planted for ornament, and underneath carrying an even sward like a lawn, and as free from ruibbish , it is hard to realise that one man, starting with head and arms only for capital and working staff, could do so much with so little, and rear a large family besides. Woodlands is one of those creditable monu- ments of native industry and management Tasmania is justly proud of, infinitely more creditable than if it had fallen to its owner unencumbered, and with £10,000 behind it, and from that start had been converted into a second Kew in horticulture and Royal Farm, with meadows stocked full of purest kine and sheep. In the last seven years £2,000 has been expended on clearing and improvements, with most beneficial results, enabling the farm to carry more stock and produce better wool and heavier beef and mutton. The sheep are all of the St Johnston's strain, and of both sheep and cattle Mr. Barwick has been a successful breeder and exhibitor for 15 years His wool is of good quality, and clip heavy , but the nature of the soils here is against the production of such bright, lustrous wool as that of the Midlands and Lake Country. For all this, despite the darker yolk, it is a serviceable staple, and scoured, would not rule much lower in the market as compared with northern wools as might be thought. A relative of Mr. Barwick's lately sent a couple of Egyptian trophies, that is, he called them so. One is a dagger, a specimen of those made and used in the north and north-west of India, and of which an odd one may be picked up in Bombay, Calcutta, or Madras. It is a Bheel or Ghilxzi weapon, and has in a duplicate sheath two small choories for use at meals, etc. The other Egyptian trophy is a sola topee of gigantic size, that is a hat made of a pith, light as that of elder. Its rim is three quarters of an inch thick, and 3ft. in diameter, and weigheds about half a pound. It was made in the Chadnee Choke or Dhurrumtollah, Calcutta A square of garden about an acre, opposite Woodlands homestead is hedged round with tall bushy yellow broom. I once asked in what month broom and gorse went out of flower, and was told "the month when kissing is not indulged in." This garden is a wonderful producer of fruit and vegetable, and flowers are not forgotten. I don't know how many neighbours are supplied with fruit from here. Standing as it does abruptly above the ordinary sheep pasture the tall yellow and green hedge is striking. A new road now bisects the line at a point east of the old crossing near the quarry. It is an improvement every way over the former road. I am sorry to notice the Tea Tree quarry shows signs the reverse of cheering, and a probability the present make of good stone will duffer out. There is a spice of fun in the Brighton youth Here is a sample. There dwelt in one part of the district, say Dadbag, an elderly couple. The husband adds to farming, which is the chief resource, by carrying on as a wheelwright and smith when farm work is slack, and in many ways the two are a model couple. For instance, he never was known to cross his dames sweet will without getting the worst of it. Some years ago they owned a horse one Punch, an animal much like that in the song that was "So wery, wery thin, his bones they came right through his skin, and his eyes were sunk so far in his head, you d have to get a telescope to see if he weren't dead." Punch lived a hard life, never stabled, dependent on what he could pick up on the roadside for sustenance. I believe one Christmas they gave him the straw out of the family bed sack, which he ate thankfully. Ultimately he died, and was buried, and the young folk thought him a fit subject for an epitaph. It was this. "Here lies, who wheaten straw did munch, ----'s old grey gelding, Punch. No horse could better know the road, for half the time 't was his abode. Long time he suffered from the gripes, or disarrangement in his tripes. But now he's gone, his troubles past. Tom Roundtree saw him breathe his last." Tom was a help. The old people were incensed at the epitaph and swore all sorts of severity. A fortnight after the burial the young bloods exhumed the dead horse and propped it against a fence with the head looking into the main road. A new and more elaborate statement of his earthly troubles was placarded across his forehead, a capital piece of satirical rythm, which I am sorry I could not get a copy of. The horse's ghost frightened a traveller's horse in passing on the night of the trick, and he at once seeing into it went to ------ and his wife, and reported the resurrection. I have heard the old woman used much language contained in the book of common prayer, only she transposed it into a shape that would have horrified the compilers. 