A SWISS MOUNTAIN VILLAGE. " I There oves tho usual stir round about the onlranco to tho hotel (Hole! Capricorn) ihat^ always ac- companies a departure from a Swiss hostelry. Monsieur lo Propriétaire stands _ chattering ovith tho guides in an unintelligible patois, in avhioh the Englishman reeogni=o3 about ono Avoi _ in ten ; the ovholo establishment-waiters, chamber maids, porters, concierge, everybody-aro hanging about the dooiw.iv and the step' in expectation of a pour boitc ; the mule bells are jangling and making a not unpleasant music in the fresh morning air ; and promiscuous villagers, avith promiscuous dogs, add to tho little throng and tho luuoh noise. At last the concicrja has concluded a compact for tho little party ' of English people Avith two guineas. They ate to have lour mule* (one each) ; that and tho service- of their owners for 1-' francs per indi- vidual. The concierge nssui cs tliem that this is somo Avhat under the usual tariff for the journey from Lanterbruunen up tho hill to Murren-but you uover know. It is impossible to bo certain ovhen tho mule-men, and the chai-a-banc drivers, tho couriers, and the guides are not in league and alliance ; indoed, in some localities, tlio ti av oller is vividly and helplessly impressed ovith the conviction that the whole villago is in careful compact to obey the Scriptural precept, and take the stranger in' Tho concierge of a Swiss hotel usually bosses every- body and everything-sometimes even the proprietor himself; and whe-n this anlocialic and ubiquitou« functionary has decided that you f-hall pay a ccitain tariff for a voilure, a mulo, a guide, or what not, it ia avorso than vanity for tho traveller to do aught but acquiesce. [ At last, everybody in the notol of the Capricorn having been tipped, and pome whose faces no one of Iho party had clapped eyes on befoio this morning, the little calvacade is fairly started, amid a barking of dogs, an increased jangling ol' bolls, and the shouts of the guides. "Whack ! goc>3 the slick on the backs of the patient steeds by avay of initial encouragement for the journey. The path up the steep aud rugged mountain side is so narrow and wiuding that tho riders must march in strict Indian filo. It is a mero bridle-way, and a mighty ordinary one at that. Still, it was not so difficult and arduous as they had been led to expect. They had been warned that the road from the valley up to Murren was a mule-track of the mc-t primitive description, and Eo precipitous and rough that no lady should attempt it, but rather choose either to avalk or be carried. But, Queenie, the lady of the party, being a haidy and courageous little woman, had laughed these Avaruings lo scoin, and had been, beut on accomplishing the jouraoy on mulo-back. The paison heads the little column, then Queenie, then the pont, and lastly the pedler. A guide marches between each couple of horses. They find that, after all, the road is only bad for about a couple of miles. Now and then the long-tailed chargois have been lite- rally on their hauncho«, and have seemed to pull them- selves up tho pelpendicular path with hoof and knee. But after a couple of miles aie overcome Hie road im- proves materially, widens, and grows easier and much loss st, ip. Up to this point tho attention of all has been chictly devoted to retaining their seats, and not slipping ignominiously huckwaid over their mules' tails. But inw they havo leisuio and opportunity to luok around them. Here and there the rood on our left is bordeied and scieoncd by pines, breaking and obscuring the view into the volley below. But often the prospect is clear anti unimpeded, and then a landscape of great beauty and fascination anesls the < eye and lightens the joui ney. They gaze down upon tho lovely Lauterbrunnen o-alley avhich thoy have just left behind-down on its bright green meadow lands, leafy orchard crofts ¡ its piotuiosquo chalets and quaint farmhouses; its oyhite-flashing streams and rushing waterfalls. Presently, as the travellers mount a littlo higher, a thin silver mist steals out from tho clofts and the gorges, and, floating oo-er iho village, hangs midway betoveen it and them. The sun smites it, and trans- mutes it to palo gold, aud through this is beheld the landscapo below and around as through a gold-coloured glass, shimmering and dreamlike, and liko a tiling of en- chantment. " Oh, it is lovely I " cried Queenie, Avith her big brown eyes dilating. " Don't, for níy sake ; don't try to clap your hands, or you'll suffer the fate of the Irishman in the story-you'll tumblo off backwards and send us all to tho bottom of tho hill again," says the podler, ovith a successful simulation of great gravity. "And I think I havo heaid you make that remark once or twice.beforo since ove left England," adds the parson, avho is Queenio's brother. " Don't you let thom throw cold water on a our enthusiasm, Queenie-you just say what you like," says the Poet, " No need to encourago her in that," the parson re- marks. " How rude you both arc," laughs Queonio, " and you aro so practical and commonplace, too-you don't deserve to vifait Switzerland, either of you. Noxt time Philip and I will como without you." The pool's heait leapt up at that, and ho flushed a little. I know of avhat ho avas thinking. He was thinking, " Can it be that thero is sometimes prophecy as ovoll ¡is truth in the word spoken in jost ?" And ho was hoping it might be so. About half-way up the hill thoy called a halt at a littlo ovaysido wooden lent, ovheio beer and fruit and other light refreshments wero purveyed-avhat avould bo called a " trink-hallo" in Germany. Hero thoy descended from their mules, and rested a little, and recreated themselves and the guides. Thoy sat down on the road-sido, velvety oyith mosses and heath, and listened to the cool wind, cooler by a score degrees than that they left in the valley, flowing among tho pines, and drank some o-ery 6mall beer, whilo Queenie quailed imperial lemonado out of a glass mug. "Just listen to the bieczo among tho pine-tops there," said tho Poet " It is liko tho for-olï murmur of a summer sea. How singularly happy is the Latin nanto for the sound, Bttsurrus-you hoar tho very letters rustling. Alexander Smith's hyperbole descrip- tive of a pine forest played upon by the stonn is very fine, too-the ' thunder-harp of pines.' Thoro is always something inexpressibly soothing" " Do pass the beer, Philip," said the pedler ovith a sigh ; " it's an awful responsibility being a poet." " Yes ; you must often havo occasion to thank your stars that you are a commonplace young man, Jack," said Queenie. And ovkether this sly Btroko was meant for Jack or for Philip, or, ia part for both, none of them could quito make out. At this moment another littlo cavalcade passed them, romatkablo for the proportion avhich tho baggago bore to the owners. Thero overo four trao'ellcrs, a lady and a gentleman, and what overo evidently two servants, and following close behind came four mules piled high ovith. baggage. Had the party boen entering Paris instead 1 of climbing up to a littlo mountain village, thoy could not havo carried with them a more elaborate travelling trousseau. "Americans, for any ovager; no mistaking that ' Saratoga,' " said tho pedler. " Nor tlie way tho lady does her hair," says the astute Queenie. " But isn't it ridiculous bringing all that luggage up hore-thoy can't bo going to stay long enough to require all that ? That's so Uko Americans. Peoplo say they aro such good travellers, but, for my part, I can't seo that it's a olevor thing always to noed so muoh luggage j and a volet, too ! " Queenie ends with a little note of scorn in her voice. " It isn't very wonderful lo lind a valloy among so many hills," the pedler remarks. After this thoy thought it was high time to start again. Ho ovas on the Stock Exchango, and though yet a young man, avas already known in the city as a Rupert amongst speculators ; I had almost ovritten a Bayard, but th.it I feared the reader avould think the connection so far-fetched as to be amusing. Speculation was to Jack Fenohurch, the very wino of life. If a man is not sanguine now-a-days, ho can bo or do nothing, ho was fond of saying. He lived intellectually as well as materially by buying one week and selling the next. Him, thereforo, thoy called the pedler. "Withal ho was a.right good follow. Tho poet ovas also not altoge- ther unknown on his native heath, which lay in the vicinity of Hampstead. Ho had won that crown of fame Avhioh familiarity iu tlio magazines, and a thin volume kindly enough received by the oritics, cherished by a few private friends, and consigned to a quiet giavo by tho public at large, could bestow. The parson ovas a real parson frqm a populous London parish, who had earned his holiday as hardly as most men. And Queenie was-jubt Queenie. Xh__ reached tile top of tho hill in two hours from the stark. They' -morgoi'sud___.y'f_3n_th!e woodland into a world of white yiipour. _ WAS this Iltoon, and whero were tho hotels and the village ? " Why, it's all mist," exclaimed Queenie, shivering a little, " So shall wo be-over tho precipice, if theso guides aren't caioful," said the Pedler. It was not that they ever enoouraged him in theso practices, but he did it all tho same. After thoy had ridden on for about a hundred yards further »long a very slight incline, a dim bulk bogan to loom out f ro,n the " vv hito darkness." This Hie guides assured them was the hotol-Hotel des Alpes. _ In a fow minutes more they were alongsido tho little sido porch, and were being received by the stout, handsomo looking proprietor, M, Gurtner. Was the hotol full ? Yes, but the landlord had received tho telegram from Inteiakeu, and rooms wore reserved tor the party. All thal afternoon the white clammy mantle of the fog en- folded the hill-top, and it was impossible to seo for moro than a do/.cn yards around the hotol. It was shiveringly cold, and our travellers' first glimpse and fed of ¡Uüri'on were certainly not exhilarating. But on the following morning what a transfigura-. tion had taken place in their surroundings 1 Instead of cold, impenetrable mist, vivid sunshine raining down from a stainless sky of blue ; in place of a damp, cicepy envciopo of atmosphere clinging round thom like a clammy garment, unuthomabJo fields of air, clear as crystal and radiant with light. The hotel was setup on a little rocky plateau, tour-square to tho four winds. Its front windows looked slinight out upon a towering range of tlie Bcrnoso Alps that shut off half the sky as with a vast white wall, white and gleaming U3 alabaster or finest marble. Conspicuous among their fellows rose tlio slender pinnacle of tho Eiger and tho massivo head and shoulders of the "jSfonk," boland whoso broad neck a glimpfco was caught of the still mightier Jungfrau. Between the mountains and tho hotel yawned a wide gulf that sank away to the valley below, and across this chasm, two milos in width though it actually was, the whito wall of Alps looked so closo at hand that it seemed lo the gazers as if thoy could striko it with a pebble. Behind the hotel the ground sloped upwards across fields and meadow land until tho dark pine woods were reached that clothed the lower spurs of the Schellhom. To the left lay the road up from Lauterbrunnon, along which the four had como yosler day. To the right Iho village-a cluster of huinblo chalets huddled oiderloss together-tho rival hostelry, the Hotol Murren, and tho littlo English church. Nothing was abovo or higher than tho travellers, Bavo the whito shining snow-peaks, and tho blue ntch of trio heavens ; and all the place-tho two hotels, tho cluster of cottages, and the littlo church-looked for all tho world as if dropped from the sky. The hotel was full of English people, with a few Americans and Germans. Murren is considerably off any one of the beaten Swi=s tracks, and the main cur- rent of tourists sweeps past it. It is only two or three little tributary slreauib which feed the two hotels and keep tho place going in a financial sense. But this is sufficient to fill tho two hos- tellies ior tho three months during which the shoit season lasts. Foreign travel has a cohesivo effcet upon people-oven upon the self-contained and unemotional English lace. When a hundred or so compatriots-hitherto strangers-aro boxod up together in a hotel on the top of a Swiss mountain, thoy forgot or throw off that national reserve and that impassivo und stolid bearing which in England havo como to bo regarded as correct form, with a quick- ness ana facility with surprises no ono so much as themselves. When tho traveller turns so far aside from tho popular highway as to seek Murren ho usually stays some days in the place- sometimes weeks. Consequently, howover busy tho days may bo with climbing and what not, tho nights havo to bo filled up, and theio is need of unity, mutual counsel, and organisa lion beforo this can bo successfully and agreeably achieved. Oui' travellers found themselves dropping quickly and easily into tho lifo of the place. Thoro woro walking parlies and climbing excursions, picnics and rides, and into all of these they entered with spirit and keen zest, wisely detcnuinr>d to make the host of the fortnight thoy vvero to spend at Murren. Queenie was anxious that her brother should reap the full benefit of this magnificent mountain air, which could bo compared with nothing so well as with champagno in its exhilarating effect upon spirits and senses, heart and brain. Sho was resolved lo Like him back with a stock of red blood in his veins that should cairy tho hard-worked young parson victoriously through tho fog-beleaguered London year. But, ia fact, nono of tho party needed much incitement to keep out in the open air in tho splendid weather which lasted nearly all that fort- night There was ono memorable little festival which nono of those who took part in it quickly forgot The particular set into which Queenie and the parson, the poet apd tho pedlar had fallon-for the hotel divided into " sots," 'lo somo extent, as was inevitablo among HO many-de- termined to havo a gipsy tea at tho Blumonthal, tho beautiful " flower valley " which lay somo distance at the back of the hotol. Andno ono of tho party, I say, forgot very soon how that littlo al fresco merry- making carno off; how a sturdy young peasant was chartered to convey tho impetiimeii.a to the camping ground, and how, when the party had fol- lowed, thoy found that tho vessel which tho landlord had provided for cooking tho tea was a hugo iron tri- pod without a lid, whoso normal function was evidently to boil clothes in ; how, tho problem then was, to heat the water in such a proposteious uttmBil without smok- ing it ; how tho attempt was valiantly made, and hope- lessly failed; how tho parson and a young lady, whom thoy had named Joan of Aro, after a fashion which those foolish holiday peoplo had adopted of givingjovcrybody pot names, volunteered lo go lo tho yillago and hunt up a moro tractablo teapot ; how tho two returned, tho parson carrying a vessel like a hugo stewpan. But it had a lid at least, and so they were able, with much pains and by dint of tho three youngest gentlemen present converting themselves each into a bel- lows, to boil their water and make their tea, which they did, nt the suggestion an Australian among their number, in tho orthodox colonial fashion, tin owing in the whole pound of tea into tho water. Tho brew turned out to the unqualified satisfaction of everybody, but was so uncommonly strong that it must havo gone a little lo the hoads of most of the party, olso why should thoy havo immediately betaken themselves to a numbor of very boisterous and childish games, such as somo of thom had not played since thoy wero boys and girls, tlio ingenious but not ingenuous " Puss-in-the-corner," which involves a principle of docoption of which people who had reached years of discretion should have beon ashamod, and the eager and exciting "twos-and threes," and such-like. Then, when all wore breathless from that unwonted exertion, they heaped up the firo anew, and circling round it told, in tho wavering fantas- tic light and shadows, weird and creepy stories of ghost, apparition, gri_ly spectre, and Bhuddering wraith. And the congenial surroundings, the lofty silont mountains, now projecting their shadows down tho valleys, as tho sun dropped behind tho Sohilthorn, seemed to stimulate the memory of somo of the party in tho direotion of the supornatural, and blood-curdling legends vvero re- called of straugo and fell spirits that haunt the Alps, Frankenstein-like monsters who lure tho bolated hunter and tho lonely traveller to destruction. And by and-bye, under the influences of tho placo and hour, and tho vein into which tho talk had flowed, a shivoring feeling passed round tlio cirolo, and tlio ladies bogan to be aware of a goneral senso of " eeriness ;" and their oyes grow brighter and their facBB a trifle paler in the twilight Then Quoenio jumped suddenly to her feet, olapped her hands, and spoke, aud broke tlio spoil. " This has been splendid. I havn't had such a good ghost-timo for years. But wo aro all forgetting how lato it is. Tablo d'hOto will bo nearly over by tho limo wo'ro back ; and, you remember, Mr. Gurtner has promised us tho breakfast-room for a dauco to- night." Yes, her voieo broko tho spell-they carno back from ghosts and goblins, and wraiths and warlocks, to dining and dancing. They picked up their alponstocks, and walked back to the hotel along tho rushing little stream that skirts the Blumonthal, and reaohed tho house when dinner was more than half over. But no ono cared, for they had had an afternoon of unpremedi- tated frolic and tho most inconsequent of nonsense, and had been children again for an hour. There was an exceptionally beautiful " alpino-glow " that evoning. This was tho third our travellers had seen nine, their arrival at Murren, and the finest. There oro few places in Switzerland moro favourable for seeing I tho "alpino-glow" than this little Bernoso mountain village, To-_i_ht tua «¡dim- bataan _s they were finia ing.dinner, and everybody .croovded into, iho verandah and out upon tho terrace tooyatch it. Tho sun had sot behind the hotel, and all that sido of tjio ovorld ovas already in tlu.sk twilight. But the reflection upon the mountains beyond the Ï.aulorbrunnen Valley spread from peak to peak, and steeped all tlio rango in a rich glory of rose-colour, not vivid, but of a delicate, clear, almost transparent tone, liko the body of a jewel. Tho rose slowly faded, tlio white of the EUOOV shone through, and the colour on tlio peaks becamo purest gold ; then palo primrose yellow; and last, a luminous pearl or opal. Every needle of snow ro=o in Iho Avindlcss hush of tho evening sharp and fine, mid all now shining with that soft shimmering poarl light against the purple-dark of tho night beyond. Tho Eiger lifted a cold ovbite brow-faint and while, liko the brow of a saint avhioh has waxed palo avith long vigils. Though tho light ovas now so soft and subdued, tho peaks rose into the still night with a strange distinct- ness, oven vividness, Tho sight was beautiful past tho telling, and singularly impressive. There ovas something unreal in its beauty-ethereal, dreamlike, and almost supernatural. Thoso ' stainless avhito pinnaclos ororo like pillars of enchantment, upholding the mysterious vast fabric of the ovorld above. Tho extraordinary fas- cination of the scene hold the imagination caplio-o as by a spell. Speech fell silent under tho glamour of that strange magical glory, slowly dying out on tho snow. Prosently the evening star carno out, largo and palpita- ting, liko a moon, ovor the shoulder of Iho Eiger. Tho sun's last influenco had fled, and night ovas come. Youth is easily impressed, and forgets as lightly. So tho young peoplo in Iho hotel, though they had boen held in almost speechless admiration and ovondor by tho spectacle avhioh I havo quite failed to describe, pre?ently turned, ovilhoul any feeling of sharp contrast to their danoo. Tho breakfast-room ovas quickly cleared, and with its polished floor aud ampio space, mado an excel-, lent b.-'lroom. The custom is at Iho Murren hotels ^o have waitresses instead of availors, and among these capablo young women ono or two aro always found who can thrum upon a piano sufficiently ovell for dancing purposes. Then there overo a number of young ladies among tho guests of the Hotel des Alpes, very able and willing to gio. that aid. Queenie was a mistress of this sort of accomplishment. Sho had an car as quick und Into as an expert's, and could take ovhat you avili in the ovay of music, from tho over- ture lo a Wagnerian opera to Iho latest popular ballad avhistledby every street-boy, and dexteroustymnnipulaling a score of random airs, avoave them into a melodious musi- cal mosaio in tho fashion of a ovaltz, Avhich held the dancers' foot in rhythm as by a charra. Qneenio ovas in great request as a musician, and this, added to other charming traits which the young lady possessed, mado hor o'ery popular in that little wandering community. Somo peoplo came up from tho other hotel to this littlo impromptu ball, and tho fun ovent merrily. Tho poet by no means scorned tho muse of tho merry twinkling feet. Tho pedler avas a small whirlwind in the waltz, moro zealous, perhaps, than learned, und the parson stood up for the "squares " ovith tho best. It. E. 