MELBOURNE. ? (FP'jm otJB OWK CORRESPONDENT.) Thursday Evening. T ine Cabinet met this afternoon at two dock, and sat until half-past five. It may be presumed that the probabilities of war between England and RusBia, and the defence question formed the prinolpal topics of discussion, but all Information as to the Ministerial delibsrotlons was withheld, Rumors have-been enrrent to tho_ effect that the torpedoes are it once to be laid down in the bay, but no doubt such reports are premature, although it may be anticipated the Torpedo Corps will be instructed to have everything in a forward _state £of preparation for an outbreak of hostilities. Messrs Nixon and Graff, the two passengers by the Ringarooma who were placed in quarantine on the arrival of the steamer at the Heads under the supposition that they had been in oontact with small-pox passengers at Sydney, were released from the quarantine station at the Heads yesterday, after a detention of fourteen days. They were quite well when discharged, and had exhibited no symptoms of the disease during their sojourn at the station. Aooording to a report received by the Aoting-Secretary for Mines this morning, from Mr Dyason, Mr G. LanBell's manager, the yield from mine No. ISO, Sandhurst, for the fortnight ending the 11th instant, was 353 oz of gold from 438 tons of stone. The following horses have accepted for the Oakleigb Handicap, the principal in the V.A.T.C. Caulfield programme of Saturday: Helene, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Meander, Meteor, Duenna, Coningsby, Squireen, St. Lawrence, Carbuncle, Manfred, Salvo, Alphabet, Gymkhana, Lavington, Lucky Hit, First Love, Babeoia, Lady Lovelace, Xantippe, Seaweed, Nuncio, ChloB, Mookra, Glitter, Marie Louise. this afternoon some female warden were examined, who generally denied the charges of inhumanity brought against the attendants at the Kew Asylum, also a warder named Dougharty, whose evidenoe was to the same effect. The chairman said he had expected that a witness would have been prepared with some important evidence, but he was not ready, and would have to bs reserved for next time, 'Mr Louis Barnard, a gentleman weU known as an auctioneer and sporting man, has brought a suit in equity against the committee of the Victorian Betting Club to restrain them from depriving him of his rights and privileges as a member of the club. The matter came on to-day, and was' partly heard. Mr Barnard and Mr Summers were fined by the club, owing to their having in, terfered on behalf of a bookmaker named Fleming, whose conduct was under in, vestigation by the club, and npon Mr Bar nard refusing to pay the fine he was ex, peUed, henoe the suit. Mr James Munro, one of our leading publio men, though at present out of Parliament, who left with some of his family on a trip to the old country by tho mail Bteamer to-day, was entertained at breakfast at the Atheneum HaU thiB morning. The company included many well known in and out of the House, both the President of the Connoll and the Speaker of the Assembly being amongst the guests. The affair being .a breakfast, and .the gathering mainly a teetotal one, the toasts were drunk, If at all, in tea coffee, or lemonade. In acknowledging nt the receipt of an illuminated address, Mr Munro said that political parties bad federated, and all were a happy family. He said be did not think it was fair for a gentleman who was living in England on the income from property acquired here, to grnmble against the laws of the country. .In his opinion, absolute want of success Is a country like this, where all had fair play, argued something wtong in the oommunity. He did not think he had single political enemy, and he felt the kindliest feelings towards all his opponents. - The foUowing. tenders were aoceptsd to, day by the Board of Land and Works:— Repairs, painting, fencing, &o.;, orderly room, West Melbourne, D. Norrls, £385 17s 6d; new court-house, Sunbury, Dodrldge and Robertson, £507 9s 6d; fittings, &c; , at new court-house, DunoIIy, Jas. W. Bell, £233 10s; repairs, painting &o;,; conrt-bonse, Echuca, Jas. Howard, £67; alterations and repairs post office, Avenel, W. Watson, £53 7s 6d; addition and repairs to police station, Wodonga, Geo. Halrd, £274 6s 61; partial removal and reconstruction of the Waterford bridge, Shelford to Dargo road, James Dalton and Co., £879; wooden building for State sohool at Balmattum, Robt. Gourlay, £360 10= 6d; repairs Reefton bridge, upfter Yarra road contract 174A, Cowan and Talbot, £60; renewing two culverts, Wood's Point road, R. S. Smith, contract 175A, £3613s 3d; metalling deviation Wood's Point road, contract 176A, Wm. Sullivan, £284 11«; new dead letter office, stores &c.;, for General Post office, P. Taylor, £2855. Tenders for repairs &c.;, to post and telegraph office, Heathoote, to be re- advertlBed. 