THE MAS SHE CAHED FOB, ? — — ? Autoorof 'Grandmother's Money,' 'Coward Con science,' 'Poor Zeph,' ' Anne Judge, Spinster,' ?l!The Black Speck,' 'Hands ol Justice,' 'A Woman's Ransom,' &c.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE THIRD.— THE MISTRESS OF ILVERCOMBE. Chapter XXXVI. — Dan's Cotjktship. Daniel Overdown was not long in finding his way into the presence of Agnes Challis. He and Sam had come along the avenue at a sharp pace, and there had been no time wasted en route. When the servant admitted him and an nounced his name, Asmes rose and shook hands with him, painfully conscious of the long steady stare with which he favored her. ' What a change since yesterday !' were his first words after wishing her good morning ; then he added — ' I mean in the weather,' 'Yes, a great change. You did not come across the fields to-day, Dan '/' 'I should have lost try way, and not have got here at all,' he replied. They sat down at a little distance from each other — each embarrassed ; Daniel Overdown the more nervous of the two. It was courting in cold blood, to begin with ; it was a formally arranged piece of business, which took all the romance and poetry out of it, if any had ever existed. The daylight was so strong and clear upon them both, and he looked so unlike a lover sitting there. ' You have eeenmy brother 5' Aggie Challis asked; 'it was he who was with you in the avenue just now.' 'Yes. He called on me this morning,' re plied Dan, 'and we have walked from Gray ling to Hvercombe together. He has changed very much for the better ; he is a straight forward, clear-headed, sensible young c£apj Aggie, who will get on in the world.' ' I hope he will.' 'I like Sain,' affirmed Dan Overdown ; ' he is a man without any nonsense in him, and not likely to stand much nonsense in anybody else. Not a first-rate {good temper, certainly; not too truthful, probably ; but then what a terrible training he had before a gleam of good luck fell to his share.' 'Where is he?' 'He turned back towards the village,' answered Dan ; ' he said he would not disturb you at present, and. it was not very likely I was going to press him to come on.' Daniel Overdown laughed, and then, meeting with no responsive smile on the face of his com panion, he became pretematnrally grave. ' Has he told you of the manner in which he lost the money Mr. Redclove gave him at Liverpool ?' enquired Agnes. 'Yes. He has been telling me also— but there, I haven't come to talk about your brother. You know that.' This was sharply, almost irritably said. He had an object in view, and he did not care to go round about it in a helpless and purposeless ' fashion, though he felt less bold that morning than he had bargained for. He had had much to trouble him last-night ; there had been a host of ugly thoughts to resist, and the life beyond had seemed suddenly full of uncertainty. He .was not himself — he might never be his old self again— but he would prefer knowing the worst, or the best, to dreaming on as he had done during the last twelve hours, 'Is that any reason you should be cross with me ?' enquired Agnes sadly. 'No, God forbid,' he said hastily; 'don't mind me, Aggie. I was awfully bothered last night ; I haven't slept a wink for thinking of you and of ail that I was going to say to-day. Now let us get this over, for once and all, girl.' He drew his chair with a sudden jerk more closely to hers, and faced her with an earnest ness that made her heart sink again, despite her struggle with it. ' I shant surprise you very much, Aggie, by saying I want you to become my wife,' he be gan. 'I daresay, despite myself, you have often guessed I had that idea in my mind when yon and 1 were in Grosser-street with the old \- people. I kept it back as well as I could, in fair play to you, who had a right to look round for yourself and were going away to new friends. But, Aggie, that love was my existence— the best part of it, and I shall be & wreck without it.' 'Ob, Dan, don't tell me so.' ' It:s only the tenth; don't let it frighten you,' he said. *' It may be my fault for being a fool, for not knowing myself better, and you better, and letting a fancy grow into a great big passion, which holds me in a. vice and ? chokes me. I cant think of anything else save you ; you come between me and everything I set my hand to — you are the end of my life !' He had grown excited in his pleading, and his dark eyes were ablaze with firenow. Agnes had not expected this warmth of expression from him, had even anticipated that business like, confident air which had invariably charac terised his demeanor, and had been ever im pressive when accompanied by that earnest ness~which was seldom lacking in him. But this force of passion was new in Daniel Over down, and she shrank from it in her astonish ment and sorrow. Yes, sorrow! Nothing that he had said had given her one moment's joy, one blissful leap of her heart towards his own, the silent rapt acknowledgment of his power over hers. She was grateful to him for the past, she could believe in the truth of every word he uttered ; but she was afraid of him, and could not answer yet. He seemed to wait a moment for her own reply, and failing to obtain it, he went on again — 'I know I am not fit for yon, Aggie,' he continued ; ' that's a plain truth that has been forced upon me very strongly lately by my own will and by other people. I know how much too good you are for me.' 'No, no, Dan,' urged Aggie; ' that is not true.' ' I know you have grown to be a lady,' he continued, 'and I have remained the same rough fellow whom you knew at first, bat , whose roughness did not scare you as it may ' do now. I see all this so plainly that I wonder at my impudence — my cheek — in walk ing into this grand house and asking you to go back to Prosser- street and become a gun smith's wife. I seem to have got in your way — an 1 ugly black obstruction to a life that would be happier without me, unless yon love me — oh, unless you love me, Aggie ! I thought you did yesterday,' he continued ; ' I cant believe it quite to-day, until you tell me for yourself all that's in your heart. But if you say there's lovt; there God Almighty only guesses what a happy day this is for me.' His voice trembled with the passion that was in him, and the tears welled to the eyes of his listener. ' What can I say ??' she murmured. ' The truth,' he answered, ' and nevermind me for one instant. You have yourself to con sider first of all, and I would not have you come to me an unwilling woman, even for the happiness I. have been raving about. You have rich friends here who may make you rich and set you apart from me completely. I am only a foreman in a factory, and can never be much else. Still, there is no one in all the world to love you as I love you ; and I am waiting for my answer.' Chatter XXXVII.— Aggie's Assweb. It was not easy for Aggie Challis to reply — it was, for a while, even beyond her power. Daniel Overdown had explained the state of his f eelings very clearly and forcibly, and was wait ing for her answer, but words were lacking yet on the part of his listener, with which to assure him or confound him. If she were less sorry for him than she was, if there had been more love than pity in her heart towards him, if the future did not seem so dull and desolate, the effort to' say 'Yes' would not have been a difficult task. Here was one man's happiness to be secured by a word — and that man had set himself the tesk of saving her, had consoled her toother's dying hours by the promise to look after her when she came out of prison, and who, fighting hard to live himself, had never swerved from his task. — and yet the word rose not readily to her tips. She had turned very white, and Daniel Over down, watchful as a lynx, had observed this with a sense of growing despair, although he sat before her now outwardly' unmoved. He was the prisoner of his passion, awaiting the sentence of his judge. Agnes felt compelled to say something— the silence had become so pain ful and unnatural. . ?' I should have liked more time, Dan, to— to answer yon,-' she murmured feebly. ** I don't think it is necessary, ' was his reply ; 'you must know what yon think about me pretty well by this time.' _? £-o ; I dont/' sne confessed, in a weak voice. * *' That hardly seems possible,' said Daniel Overdown, shaking his head gravely. ' You dont appear to thinkthis is a surprise to me,' reasoned Aggie, 'and that is was only yesterday you hinted at the truth, for the first time. What my feelings are towards you, Dan, in all respects save in the new position you have taken up, I know, of course ; but they are not the feelings which yon claim. I know how much I esteem you for a friend — how good and unselfish you are — how invari ably kind you have always been — but I do not 'know my own heart. There !' 'You love another man,' he answered moodily. ' I deny it,' she cried, at once;, 'there is no other man who has ever spoken a, word of love to me but you.' ' That Mr. Bedclove is a wiser man than I thought him,' muttered Dan. 'What do you mean? What has he said?' asked Aggie, quickly roused at tbe mentics.oJ his name. ? '?-; ' I had a long talk with him at the XiidD last Bsghtr-did I not s»y so f ZNNo.' 1 'I am a bit confused. I have Foi-gotten everything in the dash at you, which has frightened you so much,' he said mournfully. 'lam not frightened, Dan,'replied Aggie ; ' but now tell me, if you please, why you con- j ii'iTn nr '' ' ' ? . '.. .iiu) filuu — srenre~ra'! understand women, and sums them up more I cleverly than I do— because he has had more to ' do with them, I daresay.' ' Did he speak of me last night ?' 'Oh, yes. ?' ' Of you and me — together?' '? Yes. He was interested in us both, or pre- J tended to be, and he got rather warm in his j argument.' ' Tell me what he said,' Agnes asked, im patiently. 'Well,' said Dan, with reluctance, 'he ! said you would_ be choosing misery and slavery j ? — those were his words — in choosing me, and he had told you eo already, and offended you. He said I was not fit for you — that you would be able to do much better for yourself, being a Jady now, and I being a journeyman gun smith still. Well, God knows, I haven't shirked the comparison — I was faying the same thing to myself only a minute or two ago to you, but not as he said it— npt with his con- I tempt for a man so low down iu the scale as I am — not with his bitter sneers at the class I belong to.' 'He was cruei,' cried Aggie, indignantly; ' he had no right to talk of me, and to insult you, as he has done.' ' I don't know, ' said Dan, irresolutely ; 'I led up to the subject, being full of it, and con sidering him a friend, and we talked of you for a long time. _ It was his candid opinion — and he out with it, not caring how I should take it, or thinking I was strong enough to bear it, but he had said before that, mind you, much that was comforting and cheering to me. ' ' What was that ?' said Aggie, still intensely curious. 'I told him I had come to Grayling to propose to you. ' How foolish that was !' exclaimed Aggie. ' Thankee,' said Dau ; 'that's plain, at any rate.' ' Yes, Dan, but it was a little foolish to let everybody know this.' ' He seemed one of us — I liked the man for the past, as I like Sir. Fayre — and he drew me out a bit.' 'And his words of comfort — what were they V enquired Aggie, reverting to the sub ject on which her curiosity had not been gratified. ' Well,' said Dan, hesitating and stammer ing, ' I hardly like to repeat them. He said you thought I was the best man in the world. He thought I had an excellent chance of winning you — that I might be sure of you, in fact — and he said to-day we should be swearing eternal fidelity.' 'He dared to talk like that !' cried Aggie, fairly roused_ — fairly losing that temper over which at times she exercised considerable control. 'Yes, and I thought it was particularly kind of him.' ' It was particularly rude,' she cried, 'What right had he, almost a stranger, to speak of the state of my feelings towards you ? to affect to know them so well as to detail them to you in the room of a public-house? to patronise. you? to give, you encouragement to come here to — to say all that you have said V cried Aggie, winding up her outburst some what incompetently. ' Yes,' said Dan, in a disconsolate tone ; '1 see he had better have let that little game alone. L see — why, Aggie, you are crying J' 'No, I am not,' she replied, hastily dashing away some angry tears from her eyes; 'I am only hurt at being the common topic of this place. Oh, what a wicked disagreeable man he is, Dan!' ' Very likely,' said Dan, in assent. ' I should hate 'him if I saw more of him,' she cried. ' I should despise his airs of supe riority and tell him why I think so little of him.'* ' I wish you would think a little less of what he has said, just at present, and a little more of all that I have told you, Aggie,' Daniel Overdown remarked, in mild reproof; 'you break away from the one answer which you have to make, and which ? ' He was silent for an instant before he added very mournfully, '?' It is not very hard for me to guess at.' ' Yes, it is,' cried Aggie impulsively. ' A-v — what — whv is it?' 'If you guess I am going to echo that man's words to you, and say I am above you in the world ; that the past is nothing to me, and I have myself to think of now, not you — if you guess that, you are wrong.' ' My darling Aggie, you love me then 2' he cried, starting to his feet. Aggie turned very white again, and waved him back into his chair by the rapid gesture of her hands. ' Hear what I have to say, Dan, whilst 1 have the courage to say it,' she cried; 'it is for your sake as well as mine. I. have no one else in all the world to care for as I have you, and I will try my best to love you. Your life depends on me, you say s then my duty is. to make that life content, if you will only give y»p time.' It was the old plea couched in another form, and he echoed back the word. ' Time,' he said again. 'Time to cohsiderthe position — to know .my duty better if you will, Dan ; to get used to the knowledge that we are engaged to one another — from this day if you win — before you ask me in too great a hurry to call you husband.' ' My dear girl,5' he cried, holding both his hands towards her, 'take any time. I have hurried yon, I see that now; but you have made me very happy at last.' ' It is well I should have the power to make someone happy,' she murmured, still very faint and white. 'Then we are engaged to be married— a regular engaged couple, eh?' Dan said, his hands still extended towards her. 'Yes, if you wish it,' she replied, placing her hands in his. He rose from his seat and kissed her, as he had always imagined from books and poems it was the fit and proper thing to do in cases of a sin- nW kind — and we believe it is allowable^ and she took his eager caress in sign of their betrothal, but with the color still strangely dead in her cheek and lips. ' God bless you, Aggie,' he burst forth, in the fulness of his heart again; 'I did not think five minutes ago it was to end like this ; upon my soul I didn't, you looked so awfully straight and solemn. He might have kissed her again in his ex citement if she had not drawn her hands from his, and pressed them to her face, as she sat down in the chair from which she had arisen. 'I am' troubling you,' he said solicitously. *' This has been too much for you ; you have been brooding- and worrying about it. Don't you think I had better go away for an hour or two?' 'I should be better by myself, Dan,' was her answer. 'I'll be off, then,' he said. 'Til go into village and find Sam, and tell him all the good luck that has come to me this morning.' 'It may be very bad luck Dan,' she auswered, smiling faintly. ' No, no, that can't be. Under no possible circumstances can that be the case, lass,' he said, with a chuckle of exultation at the result of his wooing, Dan was a considerate man in bis way ; he felt it was the kindest act and the best policy to withdraw ; there was even an instinctive fear if he remained much longer that she would say something to render the force of her promise less conclusive and satisfactory. By herself she would settle down to the position that they were engaged, and feel all the happier presently for the knowledge of the fact. He rose and shook hands with her again ; he let one hand fall upon her shoulder ; gently and caressingly he looked into her face, until he met a second smile, less faint and forced than the other had been, and one which he could almost take heart from. Then he stooped, kissed her forehead, and went out of the' room. That was the result oi Daniel Overdown's wooing, and it was happiness and peace of mind to him. She had accepted him, and she was too good a girl to say 'Yes 'if in her heart she had meant 'No.' That was not like Aggie Challis, a woman of great courage, who had never shrunk from the truth. She loved him, only he had scared away every evidence of her affection just then by bis rough manner of proposal. She was ready to give up her new friends and her grand style for him ; she was coming back to his life and to the home wherein she should never know a moment's sorrow if all his power and strength could keep her from it. It was like a dream to think that she belonged to him. It was like a dream to Aggie Challis too, only she did not thrill with joy like the gin smith. Like a dream of wild speculations and impossibilities, with dream- figures^ — very spectres in their vagueness — flitting across her path and bewildering her completely ; but not a happy dream that brought fair thoughts to her by shadowing forth the future as it might be. Engaged to Daniel Overdown ! It was her duty ; it had been her answer, made in some little haste and anger at the last, as if in defiance of the fate in which her grandmother believed ; she had rendered one man happy, and should be content herself in good time. She hoped to make Dan rich presently, and to prove that when her prospects brightened, she had been anxious he should share the bright ness too. In wealth as in poverty, always true to this man, acknowledging his virtues, looking away from his faults, and blind — always inevitably blind — to the consciousness of the nnfitness of the match. They could tell her presently she was too grand for him, as Hamilton had dared to tell him last night — : that it was a terrible inconsistency, a social suicide, to pass from her new life to a Birmingham back -street, and know no greater ambition than to share his petty straggles for existence? and -she- would answer bravely; ''What should I have been without him? Bis life was the S» that saved me.'- - : . ! Site was dreaaiflg-oa s&su; Eetellecameoa tip-toe into the room, as if Agnes were 'dreams ing in earnest, and a footfall might wake her j too suddenly. She crept in with a wondering j face, her eyes protruding in a way that was almost burlesque in their eagerness of express ''^Isll alTover?' she asked in alow whisper, as if there were a hundred eavesdroppers in the corridor without. ' Yes, it is all over, Estelle.' 'And you have ? ' .??-,.' ,, Eetelle paused for V»' -*~-coir,plete the seBtcntc. -cure v« considerate at this moment, ! and from the thcughtf al countenance of the j fair girl by the window, it was impossible to read what had been Aggie's answer to the love suit. ' Accepted him,' said Aggie in reply ; and she looked fearlessly into the eyes of her half-sister, and spoke without a quaver in her voice. This was the beginning of her ordeal, as this might be the first comer to tell her how badly she had chosen for herself. _ Estelle continued to stare at her, as at a riddle beyond any solution which her cwn. weak j mindcould offer, and then, with theconsciousness j that it was not safe to interfere or to hazard a remark — reading that very clearly in the steady I hazel eyes Burveying her — she put her arms j round her and kissed her with much warmth. ' It's all for the best, I daresay, as you love i each other very much. My dearest Aggie, I congratulate you.' ' Thank you,' was the quiet answer. Chapter XXXVIII. — More Coxgratula tjoxs. Although the fact of the engagement of Miss Challis was all over the establishment of Ilvercombe before luneheon,'and every servant of the household, and even the three gar deners, ' snowed -out,' and drinking their hardest at the village inn, were thoroughly up in the details, Agnes was spared for awhile those comments upon the match from which she had been shrinking in imagination alreadv. There was a tacit ignoring of the case, for which she was gratefu] ; there was a general kindness of demeanor towards her, for which she was more grateful still. Estelle hardly left her for an instant ; old Mrs. Dangerfield, looking a little mystified certainly, and & degree or two more thoughtful, was gentle of accent and soft of speech, and young Mrs. Dangerfield took more than extra pains to make amends for her discourtesy of the pre ceding night. Frances had suspected ner then ; with her suspicions removed, she was anxious to be kind and conciliatory, and behind all this was the great, awful truth which had come to her in her husband's study, and struck her down last night, as with a flash of fire from heaven. It had struck down much moral rectitude as well, and the Hon. Mrs. Dangerfield knew at last that she was a hypocrite, and must, for her own and her child's sake — for her pride's sake — remain a hypocrite and liar to the end of her life. She knew the whole story now, and it debased her. There could be no revelation of it — she would prefer to die rather than allow that secret to pass into the world for the world's verdict upon it. No one must guess at the truth after Paul's mother was dead, and she must not by a word or look betray that any thought of it had come to her. And yet there were two or three already with a strong suspicion that it had not been fair play with the woman who had died in want — Mr. Fay re, Dan Overdown, Agnes ChaUis and her brother, had hinted at strange things which might come into the light to scare her ; and, surely, her .father, Lord Redclove, by some* means and at some time after her marriage had discovered the story, and had hidden it as jealously as it was now her task to do. She was a woman who, with all her faults, was unused to deceit, and whose conscience had not yet grown accustomed to the position of affairs, and these were the early days_ of utter misery, for all her outward inflexibility. She had considered herself so good, and strong and devout till this day — so far above the petty temptations and vanities of life — so close to that strange God of hers, to whom she had prayed for that peace which had suddenly been set for ever from her. She would do all that she could, except tell people she had never been the wife of Paul pangerfield— that on Estelle fell the brand of illegitimacy, and that the young woman from whom she had shrunk was the daughter born in wedlock, and whose rights had been stolen from her and her brother. She was only an usurper. The property of Paul Dangerfield be longed to these children, not to her,' and though Paul Dangerfield had married her, believing that his first wife was dead, still the error was his, and the shame of it remained to her — the only legacy to which she was entitled. She was very kind to Agnes Challis that day — for the first time in her life, there was more than common interest evinced — and the engage ment to Daniel Overdown was fresh matter for her conscience, for the strengthening of her new interest in her. There was no great opportunity of showing that there was a change in her demeanor, irat it wasneverthelessdemonstrated, without obtrusiveness, and Aggie took it as the amende JwnoraMe for unjustly suspecting the relations between her and Hamilton Bedclove, who, by the way, was keeping unaccountably from Ilvercombe and his cousins. There was a luncheon party at liver combe that morning, and it was beyond Aggie's powers to interfere with old Mrs. Dangerfield's arrangements for it. Mr. Eayre and his daughter had heard last night of Mr. Overdown's reason for com ing to Ilverconibe, and they had driven over to hear, or to. judge for thpmselyes, of the result, being as curious concerning it as other folk, and possibly, as much perplexed, and the hero of the hour — the veritable Daniel — -had been sent for by Mrs. Dangerfield, and asked to luncheon, along with Samuel Challis, from America.. 'I wish you had not done this,' murmured Aggie to her grandniama; ' you might have spared me.' 'Daniel Overdown and your brother are very welcome here,' replied the old lady. ' Yes ; but Daniel is not used to this life.' 'He has sent word back that he will be most happy to join us.' 'Ah! 1 don't doubt that,' said Aggie woefully. It was an odd party at luncheon, as well as ill-assorted, and Aggie Challis was nervous about it and its incongruities. The invitation had been given in good faith, and accepted in a similar fashion, and there was no wish to hoJd Daniel Overdown up to ridicule before people of an extra degreeof refinement. Dan was out of place, but he was not uncomfortable. The great house, the guests, and the servants did not dismay him — he seemed even to rise to the occasion, to the gratification of her by whose side he was sitting triumphantly. A keen observer naturally he was not likely to make any grave mistake, when he was on guard against himself — and though he had not studied, or bad the opportunity to study, table etiquette in any form, he did not bite his bread or half swallow his knife, and shock . these worthy folk in consequence. They could not help watching him and studying him a little, and he was aware of it, without betraying a sign of discomfiture. He felt he had the credit of Agnes's taste to keep up, and he saw that she was more embarrassed than himself. Mi-. Fayre, regarding him stolidly from the opposite side of the table, was not slow to set off Daniel Overdown to the best advantage by starting topics on which he knew the gunsmith could grow eloquent upon if be liked — the state of affairs at Woodley Moor, the grievances of the collier, even, dispite the presence of the ladies, the polities of the day. America too, came in for a fair share of discussion, and Dan Overdown proved him self as well tip in matters across the Atlantic as Sam Challis, who had recently arrived from New York. It was Sam who was more ill at ease than Daniel Overdown, who was grave and. taciturn, and from whom a remark was wrenched with difficulty. He felt like a spy in the camp of the enemy rather than a friend of the assembled guests he told his sister after luncheon was over, and when Dan had run the gauntlet of ' society' without losing caete. ' You are no spy,' she murmured back. ' I don't know what I am yet,' he answered, shrugging his shoulders ; ' but 1 take my place here with an_ ill grace, Aggie.' ' Well, it is not very unnatural.' 'You have grown used to the position; I dont think I ever shall,' he said. 'Did you notice how that woman watched, me— shivered at me ?' ' What woman ?' . ' The young Mrs. Dangerfield.' 'No.' 'And her daughter, with that half -vacant flare at 3 ou and me, as if puzzled by us both, iy heaven,' he cried, 'it's awfully strange — awfully depressing, it shakes a man's resolu tions from him.' ' You must not resolve too quicklv, Sam, or without me,' said his sister ; ' I wish this for many reasons.' ' Where is Mr. Redclove ? I expected to meet him to-day.' ' We all expected him, but lie has preferred to keep away.' ' I should' be very glad to see him.' Daniel Overdown came to the side of his betro'tbed, and conversation became more general, until it wa*s time for these atoms of humanity to separate. Mr. Fayre and his daughter were going back to Grayling1; Daniel Overdown had another meeting to address at Woodley Moor, and Sam Chains had offered to accompany him and address the meeting too. 'I am used to that kind of thing new,' said Sam ; ' I like to consider myself one o the people, speaking up for the people.' 'Ah!' said Dan cautiously, 'I'll hear your arguments as you go along before I trust yon with your voice amongst my men.' He turned to Aggie. 'I hope I haven't been quite a clown here ?' be asked, in a low tone. 'Not at all, Dan.' .--? 'It has been a hard pull through, though,' he added. ' Did I make a mistake ?' . 'Notone.' ' Was it all right about that lump of bread ITith the fish?' ' Hush ! hush ! Quite right,' . 'And I haven't bored you to-day 5' he asked kindly. 'No, Dan.' JliQr assumed too much_on thj_JsJnfjjiE_'j,l__f ^ant'Eeip showing it V' he said. 'No,' replied Aggie, once more. 'That's all square. And now I wont trouble you any more to-day, because I can't very well,' he added, with a laugh, 'as there's a torchlight demonstration to-night, and late hours are not fashionable here, the old lady has told me. And tomorrow V 'What of to-morrow, Dan?' she said, as he regarded her very earnestly. ' To-morrow morning I have to say good bye, for even sweethearting must not keep a man from his work, or tuo work of the world would stand still, I recken.' He took bis departure along with Sam Challis, and Bella Fayre came to Aggie's side at once, as if she had been watching her op portunity. 'Tell me all about it, Aggie,' she said half petulantly. ' I seem to be in the dark of late days. You are stopping here too long- and for getting me.' ' I shall soon be back at the vicarage again.' ' That selfish old lady will not let you come,' said Bella almost spitefully ; 'she — but never mind her just now, dear. Is it all settled? Are you really engaged to that— to Mr. Over down ?' ' Yes, I am engaged to him.' ? ' He is a very odd, nice, positive kind of person,' said Bella reflectively ; 'but I should aot have thought — ob, bother ! here's papa !' It was papa's turn, and Agnes Challis was not sorry. He came towards the two girls with ' his stroDgly-lined face full of interest and sat down facing them both, offering his hand to his old protegee. ' I know what you two are talking about,' he said. ' Will you accept my congratulations also, Agnes?' 'I thank you, Mr. Fayre.' ' Congratulations that are all the more sin cere,' he added, ' because I, for one, know you have accepted an honest man and have let your heart speak out in his favor.' 'At a sacrifice, though,' remarked Bella, 'for I cannot help saying ? ' ' My dear child,' said the vicar in mild re monstrance, 'you will allow me to be the better judge of this matter. You will allow me to remind you that I have known Mr. Overdown many years, and have had proof of hie high character and unselfishness. A little hasty at times, a little harsh in his judgment of those_ who are opposed to him in trade affairs, in politics, but a man in a thousand, take him altogether.' Bella thought it was only one man in a hundred thousand who would wear white trousers at that time of year, but she did not give voice to the idea that had seized her. bhe was not pleased, and she was in her heart considerably astonished at Aggie's choice ; but then the history of the past was a sealed story to her. She studied the position from her one point of view, and was perplexed by it. There was a mystery in it she was certain, and she had made up her mind to discover it, flattering herself that she already held the clue. She was the only member of that little community who doubted Aggie Challis's love for Daniel Overdown, good as he was, and long as Aggie had known him. She went away dissatisfied with the aspect of affairs, and would have argued the point all the drive back to Grayling if her father had not exercised his parental authority and finally forbidden the subject. ?'I am sure there is a mistake somewhere,' she said, even then, 'and,' she added to her self, ' I am going to find it out.' Meanwhile the cross-fire of congratulations had not ceased. It came from all quarters, and rendered the recipient ill at ease. She was not used to the position yet, and. time had not been of service to her. They might have spared her a little while longer, she considered. It was Frances Dangerfield who came to her side later in the evening, when Estelle was with her grandmother, and who laid her hand on Apgie's, and looked earnestly into her face. ' You will not care a great deal for my best wishes for the futare,' she said, sadly, 'for yon have not learned to like me, and I have been hard and unjust towards you, but I offer them' to you in all 'sincerity, Agnes.' ' Thank yon, madam,' answered our heroine. ' And I want you — if yon are able — when we are away from each other, to believe the best of me that you can, and to dwell no more upon my irritability, which has wounded you, and my jealousy — there I own it — lest Estelle should think too much of you, and so forget me by degrees.' ' As if that were likely.' ' And,' she added, with increasing excite ment, *' I wish you to make me a promise.' *' Without hearing what it is?' ' Oh ! I can't expect that. But I wish you to appeal to me — only to me — if you are at any time beset by doubt, or diffiiculty, or danger — if trouble is Bear you or your brother — if money is wanted ? ;! ' Money — and from you ! cried Aggie.' ' I would be glad to help you— I would be so very glad,' she murmured, and Agnes saw with amazement that tears were swimming in the eyes of the speaker. It was agreat change — a great . softening of the widow's heart to wards her — and Aggie replied — ' You are very good to regard me so kindly as this, but 1 do not fancy I shall ever want friends.' ' The world is full of uncertainty. I hope you will remember. I — I hope you will come and see Estelle in London.' ' Mrs. Dangerfield !' exclaimed Aggie. ?' It is my wish, as well as my -daughter's -; you are half-sisters. God has brought you to gether. I would have you love each other now, for I can trust you with the secret of your life,' she said, speaking very hurriedly. ' Yes, you may trust me,' whispered back Aggie Challis. Was this part of the dream with which she had been beset all day? — the strange day dream, wherein she had accepted Daniel Over down, and Frances Dangerfield had grown wondrouslv womanly and yet marvellously strange. 5'he world was altering with Aggie Challis rapidly, or she was dreaming still. She would be glad to rest that night, to sleep upon it, to feel less feverish and faint. But the night was not yet over, and there was one more ordeal to encounter. When Frances Dangerfield and her daughter had bidden them good night and retired, and the old lady by the fire seemed rousing herself to her usual state of extra interest, a late visitor was announced. 'There is never any rest in this house,' muttered old Mrs. Dangerfield, as the outer bell rang loudly; 'people come here -at all hours of the night, without any thought for me.' The servant entered to announce Mr. Hamil ton Redclove before this querulous assertion was completed. Ciiai-tee XXXIX.— The Last Congratu lations. Permission having been accorded, to Mr. Hamilton Redclove to pay his compliments to the ladies, that young gentleman was shortly afterwards shown into the drawing-room. He looked round quickly as he entered, as though he had expected to find a large company pre sent, and then, with grave formality, shook hands with old Sirs. Dangerfield and Agnes. 'I am afraid I am late,' he said apologeti cally ;' but I have been to London to-day on business, and could not reach here at an earlier hour.' ' To London and back '''' remarked the old lady ; 'your business must have been of great importance to necessitate such haste.' Hamilton regarded the speaker attentively, as if something in her words, or the tone in which they had been conveyed, had struck him as peculiar. '-Not of very great importance,' he said. ' I knew Lord Redclove would be in town to-day, and I thought I would call upon him and make sure he was in the enjoyment of his usual health and spirits.' ' Had you any doubt of that?' 'Marriage might not have agreed with him ; the arrival of a son and heir might, at his time of life, have unduly excited him. I was anxious concerning him.' 'I don't believe a word of it,' answered old Mrs. Dangerfield stoutly. Hamilton laughed at this flat contradiction as he sat down near the ladies, his hat still in his hand, significant of his intention of only intruding upon them for a few minutes. He was in excellent spirits., but he was not looking well Agnes Challis thought ; there was a tired expression about him as though his long jour ney had been almost too much for him, and and there were dark shadows underneath his eyes strongly significant of a state of unrest. ' I was anxious about myself. Will that do, Mrs. Dangerfield ?' he said. ' Why anxious ?' she rejoined. 'You forget my position has become pre carious,' he replied. 'Lord Redclove no longer requires the services of a private secre tary, and the ci-divant private secretary has lived up to his income and not put by anything for that rainy day which comes to every im provident idiot in turn. . Hence, becoming ac quainted with the fact of his lordship being in town for a few days it was surely praiseworthy on my part to seek him out, and ask what he could do for me V ' Ah ;— yes— wjell?' said the old lady, either strangely indifferent to Sir. Redclove's posi tion in life or disinclined still to put faith in his statement. 'Well, Lord Redclove can do nothing for me at present,' Hamilton continued coolly; 'if he hears of anything at any time within the next ten years— should he live as long — he will drop me a line. Meanwhile I must shift for myself, look up other friends, attempt other vocations, do anything save bother him for the loan of a few pounds.' ' How much money did you want to bor row V asked old Mrs. Dangerfield. Hamilton flinched at the enquiry, and the color mounted very quickly to his face. *' I do not want any' money at present, thank you, Mrs. Dangerfield, 'he replied. ' -Yby, y°u gaid just aow ? ' ' I told you what Lord Redclove had hinted , at,' he said, interrupting her j ' but I did not I ask my uncle for money, or go to town with that intention. If hall be very faard^upindeed usHo^Selote'T appeal to him for pecuniary help.' 'You have quarrelled with Lord Redclove,' said the old lady. ' We have exchanged a few fiery words, that's all.' ' Did you go to town to quarrel?' ' Being in a quarrelsome mood, perhaps I did,' was the reply. 'Did you quarrel about bis secret mar riage?' ' Not I,' he answered, laughing pleasantly now ; ' his marriage was his own affair. I had no right to comment upon it, although I have a bad habit at times of making remarks on matters that should not concern me.' He looked at Aggie for the first time since he had sat down, and she was sure that her color changed beneath his gaze, despite her efforts to appear unconcerned fay his remarks. He changed the subject, as if anxious to spare her any embarrassment. 'My cousins — have they retired for the the night ?' he enquired. An answer in the affirmative was given him. 'It is of no consequence,' he said, 'I am only the bearer of a few lines to Frances from her estimable papa.' He took a sealed letter from his breast pocket and tossed it carelessly on the table. 'I almost wonder he. trusted me with it,' Hamilton remarked. 'What should he fear !' asked the old lady. ' My tearing it up by the way.' 'Why should you wish to destroy the letter?' 'The pure malice of the monkey,' he replied, shrugging his shoulders. ' Lord Bed clove is a little put out — possibly I put him out a little,' he added drily, 'by tie news of his daughter and granddaughter and Miss Challis all being together here as your guests. He cannot understand it ; he is disturbed and ex cited, and he sends down bis instructions in coiif equence to his daughter Frances.' ' I wonder he has not condescended to instruct me,' muttered the old lady. ' I beg pardon — so he has,' said Hamilton, coolly producing a second epistle sealed with . the anus of the Redcloves, and handing it to Mrs. Dangerfield. 'I believe, my dear madam, this is for you.' 'Why did you not give me this at first ?' 'I took the liberty of preparing you for so unlooked-for an event as a communication from his lordship,' he said. ' ' I require no preparation, ' was the reply. She took the letter from Hamilton's hands, settled her gold-mounted glasses upon her nose, leaned back in her chair, -and broke the seal Hamilton watched her very keenly, after glancing once more at Aggie Challis, but the effect of Lord Sedclove's communication on the reader was not apparent. The lined face betrayed no emotion or surprise, the thin hand shook not, the figure in the chair remained calm and passive throughout. ' He condescends to give me advice,' she said, folding the letter again, 'and thinks I have acted with grave indiscretion in allowing you, Agnes, to remain in this establishment along with his daughter and Estelle. He does not trust you, child.' 'That does not matter to me, I think,' Aggie murmured. ?'Are your feelings, hurt?' was the grand mother's next enquiry. ' Not at all,' was the confident answer. ' Excuse me. for a moment,' said tie old lady, rising; 'I will take Frances's letter to her, and she will compare it with my own — if she has any faith in me, that is.' She took the second letter from the table and went at once from the room, Hamilton opening the door and closing it behind her. 'Agnes Challis felt a sense of embarrassment oppressing her when her grandmother had withdrawn. She was alone with him — alone with the man of many questions, who said harsh things, and had not spared her woman's pride of late days. When they had been together last he had - wounded her to bitter tears, -which in their turn had wounded and discomfited him ; if he would only be silent now till old Mrs. Dangerfield's return she would be very.gratefuL The day had been a long one, and full of novel excite ment ; if he had heard the news of the engage ment he would be acting a generous part ±0 forego all comment on it till a time more fifcriTia- . ? Probably something in her looks -betrayed this mnte appeal for mercy, for he came back to his seat and was silent for a short while. He sat with his hands folded on Ms knees, the picture of patience, for the space of a minute and three qBartera, when his patiencegisiBg way, he burst into words — 'Miss Challis, I am unhappy until yon grant me your forgiveness for my rudeness of yesterday,' he said hurriedly. 'I acted un kindly and unwarrantably, and I hope you will think no more of what I said.' 'I forgive you, Mr. Redclove,' she mur nrnred, * ' pray say no more about it. ' 'Only a few more: words,' he . entreated, '?just to add that it was my interest in yon that led to my harshness. I thought I was acting for the best, and did not .understand how thoroughly I hid been playing the part of ill-adviser, and in what a brutal .fashion, until I discovered you in tears. Then I could have shot myself for an idiot with great com placency.' 'The subject is over, I hope,' said Agnes with forced -calmness. 'And I am forgiven — freely?' he cried, ex tending his hand. Agnes affected not to see it, but she answered — 'Yes.' ' Yon will not shake hands with me ?' he said persistently; ' you -do not forgive me in real earnest. You do not believe in my Tegrets for having offended you 2' ' I do not comprehend yon, Mr. Redclove, if you insist upon my being explicit,1' Aggie : said at iast. . ' You speak of your sorrow for having pained me by your words — which you repeated, however, in a sterner fashion to one whom you knew I greatly, respected.' ' Daniel Overdo ira f' he -said enquiringly. 'Yes.' ' I was mad with sorrow before he came -upon me, and he added to my madness— that is all I can say in excuse. Every word that I can say, 'he repeated mournfully, 'unless ? ' He looked eagerly towards her, but she was watching him curiously, as if afraid of him. He was a man she could not trust again. 'Do not say anymore, Mr. Redclove,' she ? said quickly. ' I do forgive you, on the pro mise of your silence. There !' She held her hand towards him, and Sis. fingers closed upon it with a strange eager force before it was withdrawn, somewhat hastily again. 'I shall leave here none the worse,' he said, ' for thinking you do not regard me as your enemy.' 'Never as an enemy, Mr, Redclove; and with the past ? ' 'Oh, let us leave the past alone, 'he said fretfully; 'you and I have dropped from it and its delusions, and there is the future only to consider. For a time even in that past I was your friend. What a change since then !' ' You have always been my friend,' she re plied in a low tone, ' Until yesterday.' ' I will think of yesterday no more.' 'A kind promise, but difficult of fulfilment. Always your friend, you say V he muttered. ' Yes.' 'A friend in whom you could confide, even now ?' j ' Yee,'' she answered, after a moment's hesi tation. ' Tell me then,' he said very humbly, ' what has happened to-day, whilst I have been in London ? I would prefer hearing it from you, instead of them. Mr. Overdown has been here?' 'Yes.' ' You are engaged to him, now V 'Yes.' ' My God I' he exclaimed in so low and stifled a tone that she did not affect to hear him, and yet the exclamation unnerved her, though there was no longer the ring of con tempt or surprise in his voice.- There rose to her recollection his last explanation that sor row had driven him mad. Sorrow 3 what sorrow could he have to affect him in this fashion, to set him before her as white as a . ghost, or trembling like a child who had been scared to death's door by one. He was firm and self- possessed before he thought the change in him had been observed. 'Mr. Overdown seems a straightforward, earnest, manly fellow,' he eaid, 'and you have known him many years, Miss Challis. Let me wish you every happiness this life can bring-before I go away to-night.' 'Thank you, Mr. Redclove.' 'A man's wishes don't count for much, or there should not be another trouble for you in this world, where you have been so unfairly treated,' he said, with a faint smile. 'Thank you,' she remarked again, lacking a better reply at the moment. ' And now I need not worry yon any more,' he said, 'I daresay your friends have almost killed you with their kind congratulations to day.' He seemed to relapse into deep thought, and almost to forget her presence there; for when she spoke to him once more he started at the sound of her voice. ' You have not heard that my brother Sam has returned to England V she said. 'When did he return?' asked Hamilton apathetically. ' Last night he came to see me for the first time. 'Indeed,' he replied, half absently. He will tell you why he did not meet you at the .Liverpool landing-stage,' said Aggie; he has come to England to pay back the two hundred pounds you kindly lent him.' 'Indeed,' he said again, but in a more absent fashion still. This startling piece, of news had no power to rouse him into interest, and she was so doubt ful if he had heard it that she repeated it. He seemed' to wake to the consciousness of being dull and inattentive after this. ' Come,' he said, with forced gaiety, .' thafs an amount that will help me on- in the world, if I use it with discretion.' ' ThenJt_a«tE-5u-«^jrfco lent thajnoney to -cram,— Sna not Lord Redclove !' cried Aggie triumphantly. 'I am glad of tms ? Iwas sure of it!' ' Dont be quite sure of anything on this earth,' he said. 'I received my uncle's in structions to help you both, bnt when Sam disappeared with the money I was too proud to own to Lord Redclove that I had trusted your brother too readily. Hence my pride — always standing in the way of my advantage, Miss Chains, you see — cost me exactly two hundred pounde.' '? WhicnjSam will return you to-morrow.' ' Sam is very good.' The door re opened, and old Mrs. Danger field came slowly back into her place. 'Your cousin Frances begs you will excuse - her to-night,' she said. 'Certainly.' ' She will be at Mr. Fayre's vicarage to morrow at eleven o'clock with Estelle if the hour is convenient to yourself.' ' Convenient — in what way ?' ' To escort her and her daughter to London.. Is it not Lord Redclove's wish ?' 'I don't know,' murmured Hamilton. ' She did not show me the letter,' muttered old Mrs. Dangerfield, 'but she implied it was.' 'Then it was, I have no doubt,' said Hamil ton, 'although I should have considered it more like my uncle's policy if he had begged! Frances to remain and keep an eye on this dangerous young person here.' This was lightly said, but it failed in its effect. No one smiled. 'Possibly he has done that, after all,' said', the old lady; 'and Frances, an obstinate woman mind you, determines to leave at once.' 'That islikely,nanweredHaniilfcon thought fully ; ' Frances is a woman who will not play the spy even to oblige her own father. She= fights onour side I am sure.' 'Our side 1' said Aggie wonderingly; 'that; means ? ?' ' Your side,' he replied, as he rose tohisfeet.. ' Good-night.' He shook hands with them both — with Aggie Chalh's last ; who, looking at him^ saw that he had turned very white again. 'This may be the last time I shall call I' forgot to say,' he said ; ' the last time I shall see you both, unless you come over to Grayling with my cousins to-jnorrow. But the weather1 is too uninviting for a seven miles' drive ; L. cannot expect so great a compliment paid me.'' 'Mr. Overdown is coming to-morrow morn ing,' began Agnes, by way «f an excuse. ** Ah! Presentmycomplhnentstohlm ; Ihad: forgotten him for a, ?mmnte^ said Hamilton in— terrupting._ 'Good-bye, Miss ChaUis.' ? ' ' I hope it is not gooa-bye,'ahes_id -qmck|_r and frankly. ' - - ' Thank you for saying so,' Tie replied^ ' Still I have been an element of discord ini your life, and the sooner I withdraw the^ better. I am one black shadow the less onk your path.' ' I do not believe it,' answered Aggie. ' Ah ! but I do. I am so much wiser andk cleverer you know,' he said, with his old sharp ness of tone predominant ; 'andlsee.so very ? clearly that ? ' He paused and stamped his foot angrily upon the carpet. . » . . 'You shrink from me and it serres jne= - right,' he cried; 'whenl would pass from yotk with fair regrets I am baulked by all the. - bitterness of discontent that is ia me.' - 'You judge youraelf *oo Aaasbly,' -said ? Aggie ; ' 1 have heard nothing to offend.1' : - 'There, there; dan* excuse me to myself, ?- Miss Challis. And if T iiever «ee yool again ? 'he paused and looked so hard and mournfuUy at her that her fijjB quivered ' strangely in epite of her-^'think the best oE me that you can. Good-bye.1' He raised her hand suddenly to his lips, bowed gravely over it as he kissed it, andifiienl ' went upon his way. ' This cannot be ior ever,' -murmured Aggie: ' Challis. - ?' 'For ever is 3. long day.,'-' i3iegrandmot3ierr quoted. Chapter XL.— ^ Night Time. This was one of old Mrs. I-angerfield!s rest-, less nights, to which we have heard her ajlade- / more than once in the Bourse «f thisstory. The= hour was late, and .Aggie CShallis was anxious. ? - to be in her room to think over the incidente -ot - the day mtjmrri: Intminn-l.inTi nflw -4ph^n ifa. sleep, for the spirit of -unrest mas in tier *l*e,_ despite her grave, fair face ; but the mistress of: the house showed no intention of retiring, aixt the younger woman was forced to remain for company's sake. Old Mrs. Dangerfield was disposed to broodi after Hamilton had taken his departure. - The= letter he had brought had -disturbed her after all, though he had not cared to betray any jdgns of distress to the bearer. It rendered Ser wakerul and depressed. ' . ? ' . '' ' This has been a weary, -HnseT_bLsday,'she= said at last, feverishly; 'Jjdon^faooarjthaiin.-. ?' all my life I have spent a worse.' ' 'Why, how is ihsfcf' asked Aggie GfaaHisint '': surprise. . . ?..'... ' Everything has tended 4o^Bettla.me at a time when I should be 'Cool-andcoUected,'1 she' ' said; 'your 'engagement to Oserduwn, the coming back of your brothec,:and bow this late-, visit of young Redclove with his ancle's letter: tome. _To think -that lie who lias held aloof .,, from me for so long-ehouldtiare'to dictate to me my course of action— to- jvsjenmeihatyouare- .' dangerous and Tmtrustwor&y-;^tb advise me to place confidence in Frances, and think-and act :. -only for her and daughter. What next— what- . next, I wonder V she repeated, dn a higher key. - '.''?' 'May J. see the letter, grandmamma?'' asked Aggie. . ... The old lady drew it from her pocket andl dropped it -quickly ;anto the 'fire, where it. irindled info a flameflnd burned away. - 'I had forgotten he -asked me to' burn it,'' she muttered; 'I am forgetting everything to night.' ? . : ' ?» ?? - ' Did you destroy it to spare my feelings?' asked Aggie. ' Yes, child ; yes.' 'No, madam:; no,' Aggie responded, very quickly ; ' but to keep from me what I have^ known for years, and .which Lord Redclove^ hints at again in the letter you have burned.' 'Great Heaven! why do you Bay -this to me?' cried old Mrs. Dangerfield— '-and to night?' ' Simply to spare you one untruth, whic&- deceives me not and answers no -end,' said; - Aggie, ' for I am not curious no.w about th8= rjaet; let it rest for awhile.' * - ' Till I am dead, you mean.' 'Living, you shall have peace if it lies in -my power, madam/' said Aggie very gently, 'that- is the task I have set myself.' , ' Knowing I deceive yon?' ' Knowing you cannot deceive me,' but that you love me as your dead -eon's daughter,' was the reply. The old lady held -out her arms to her, and. Aggie went towards her and was enfolded ia them. ? : . ? . '* Why did I not know you-eadier In life, my - Aggie ? — why did that poor dead son you speak: of keep the truth away from me?' -ehe-mur-* mured, ' Why has my life from beginning to end been one complete mistake ?' . 'Is it a mistake to love me at the lastTr Aggie asked. ' 'Oh, no; well said, child!' replied the grandmother. 'Even to me there comes a. blessing at the eleventh hour, and where I had. only looked for hate and uncharitableness^ AW, let me tell you, Aggie, that in 'tie iron safe of my Paul's study^-in -fee room locked up — you will find some letters of your mother, and many papers of your father, and I would, have you ask Frances Dangerfield to read thenv over with you. They will explain the will that is there also. You two women — and you two alone — may see the best way to act, and you. must think of everybody. I'cant,' she added feebly ; ' I never Had the ?etrengta.' 'But— my brother?' ' You will act without him in this matter to begin with,' said the old lady decisively ; ' I wish it. If it's the last word I had to say in. life, I wish that, Aggie.' ' 1 cannot act against him.' ' It may be acting for him, ' was ihe reply. 'I ask you for your own sake, I command yaa- for the sake of your father said me to- do this.. I cannot trust your brother to be mercifuL' 'And you trust me f 'Yes/ ? . 'I will read the papers, then,. wiih Mrs^ Dangerfield, not binding myself in any way to act upon them afterwardB.' ' This you promise V ' This I promise, if I live.' ' If you Jive i' echoed old Mrs. DangerfieldU What put that into your head?' ' Life is uncertain, surely ?' ti ' If you live I' muttered the. grandmother.- I never thought of your dying before rue and, of what would lappen then. There.' you un iierve me; there has been too much talk of death to-night to please a woman on the edge of her own grave. Let me take your arm up stairs, and tell Therese to follow us.' (To be continued.) Mr. Clement L. Wragge, F.R.G.S., has beet* - elected an honorary corresponding member 0$ ' the Scottish Geographical Society. ' Anglo- Australian,' in the European Mail of May 29, says :— *'The ruling passion is much stronger after all in life than it can ever be in death, and as~ an instance of this I .may here remark that Dr. 'Thomas, who, as many good friends in Adelaide, may remember, came over here for recreative purposes, has- been in fusing into his so-called holiday a tremendous spirit of utility. In truth Dr. 'Thomas ia really working very hard in the various hos pitals, and reserves for hi* jarivate pleasure only Saturdays out of the six working «*ysr He is busy on the subjecte, I understand, at. the eye and ear, inter alia, and 3s__aw*nnpere admiration of all who feel * Oadyle-Jrke reverence for the man -who Jjnows 2mw to work well, not merely fot his good, out for that also of others.' 