The Second Time of Asking. (Continued.) '? Not if I were to tell you that at times ? ? I am wicked enough to regret my share in \- that' day's work— to regret that I did not let them stay where they were, and save this ?'— pointing to his wooden leg. ' I don't wonder you feel so sometimes,' . returns the girl ; 'but I don't believe you * often do.' ? ? ? « No, not often,' he says, smiling. Have I been very tiresome and bad tempered, Mies Polly ? I have suffered a groat deal, both in mind and body, and I fear I have ? - _ , 0f my uneasiness upon you.' 'No,' she answers. — ~ ghe has not much to say to him, now that he is getting strong and_ well again ; % and his speech in her presence is marked by ^ a stiffness and coldness which was never ' there before the day she threw back his love upon him so scornfully, nor in the first days of his convalescence. It has gone very hard with Lewis Lancas \- - — ? ? ter ; and while he lay in the shadow of death, and his feet walked the dark valley, all else was forgotten in the strife with the destroyer ; but when tho worst was over, and life's vista opened once more to his gaze, there yet remained from the past a warm glow of care and tenderness. He cannot ? ? forget that Polly was kinder to him a month ago than she is now. But he thinks bitterly that he cannot offer himself to any one now —a helpness log— and he resolves to set Polly at her ease with him— to treat her in such an elder-brotherly fashion that she shall not be able to mistake him; and then, perhaps, she will be kind to him again. He perseveres in this for several days; but Polly avoids him only the more, and grows colder and colder. 'She need not be afraid,' he thinks bitterly. ' I shall never repeat my offence.' The truth comes out oneday, in an irre pressible burst of grief of impatience, when she has been more usually chilling, more severe even than before in her repulses of his attempts at friendly ease. 'You need not be afriad, Miss Polly, he says, with a stiff hauteur far exceeding hers. ' If I remember rightly, you once dictated to me the terms on which we should meet in the future. Be assured I shall never overstep those bounds.' He looks at her unflinchingly, almost sternly, out of his dark eyes, while she turns as white as the piece of lacework she is holding in her hand ; but she answers him not a word. It is but* a day or two after this that Patience calls her down stairs from the con templation of the dazzling waste of snow without to the kitchen fireside, where her mother and sister stand, full of joy and im ? portance. Patience in particular, looks five years younger, and her sharp features posi tively beam with satisfaction. ' Polly,' she begins, ' shut the door. ? ? 'We don't want Jane to hear everything.' Polly obeys in wondering silence. ' TJncle John Laing is dead.' ' Father's step-brother ? Well, we don't know anything of him.' ' No. but he has left us all his money, child.' ' Why, Patience,' she says, incredulously, ' he would never leave us anything ! He never liked father.' ' He hasn't left it to us ; but there's no one else, and no will. We are the next of kin. Eead the lawyer's letter.' ? ? It is all as Patience says ;' and Polly hands it back in thoughtful silence. 'There's a nice little estate in Kent,' continues Patience, in very unusual excite ment, ' and a good income to keep it up — I don't know how much yet, but he was always well off . Won't you like living in Kent, Polly?' ' Don't let us tell Mr. Lancaster yet— not until he is quite well. He would think we were in a hurry to get rid of him,' is the girl's somewhat irrevelent answer. ' Why, Polly, I don't believe you care a bit about it ! I thought you would be so pleased. You will have servants to wait on you now, instead of your going out to a situation, and George can be a clergyman, as he has set his heart on being all along.' 'Indeed, Patience, I am very, very glad !' fc She speaks quietly, though earnestly; and Patience remembers, with a sudden re gretful pang, that his money comes too late . for Polly. Four months ago it would have done all the good in the world; but now the grave is closed tor ever over ner saiior boy's brave young heart, and Polly is bereft of that which is more valuable than riches. She stays a little while longer, discussing the new project with her mother and sister, and then she slips away to her own room. But, after that, she seems to lose her fear of Mr. Lancaster; she becomes his constant attendant, never wearying of her gentle ministrations, till he wonders how he has ever lived without them. She has a soft charm of manner that \- ' never jars upon irritable nerves, and a watchful tact that never lights upon an un welcome subject — and more than all this is the fact that he loves her. . ; # ♦ # * s. Lancaster is beginning to get about now ; he limps up and* down the garden half the '$ ^ day sometimes, when the ground is not too I ?'- ? slippery with suow or frost, with Polly, and j|~ George, who is at home for the Christmas holidays, frequently walks at his side, to | take care of him , as thov . He is getting it stout and .«trrm-? agnin. m . ? - nrnrly the ® look oT hirf old, biOiul, p.,\\\\-nu; .-olf, while i ft , „ v*-* }' ? -I- Jb& his face is speedily regaining its customary nut-brown tint. ' I shall never go back to Australia now,' he says one day to Polly, when they are sitting by the fire in the shabby drawing room. ' Did you mean to do so, then ?' ' I did — at ono time. I had an object in view— that of getting more monoy; but I have plenty now, and I should be no use at the diggings again.' Silence. Polly works industriously, and he looks out of tho window at the boys sliding in tho lane. 'I hopo to relievo you of the burden of myself in a very short timo,' ho resumes ; ' but before I go I should liko to ask you one question, Polly, though possibly -it-is bordering on forbidden ground.' Since her altered manner to him, hohas now and then ventured to use her name without any prefix, and sho has not resented it. She looks startled at his words, but makes no reply, working at her laco as if for her life. ' How did I offenco you so terribly that day, Polly ? The question that I asked you need not have disturbed you. I intended to do you an honor in wishing what I did.' ' It was not that.' ' Then what was it ?' Lancaster is getting excited and all his resolutions are being forgotten as he pur sues his subject. ' I was angry,' she begins. 'I know that; and I want to know the reason.' She hesitates, not willing to tell the tale of her sister's unwise espousal of his cause, but Lancaster is determined, and she is forced to satisfy him. ' Patience used to perscute me all day long about you, urging me to accept you before you had evpr ask° ~ie, till I got to hate the sou''7 ^ your name. I used to feel, too, that she ought not to mention such a thing whtn '.l might never have entered your mind.' She came to a sudden stop— not for the want of more to say, but from inability to express her feelings. ' Why did she want you to marry me ?' She hesitates and stammers. 'Let me hear it all, now we are about it,' says Lancaster, cooling down as she grows warm. ' Will you hate us all if I tell you ?' ' No ; I am sure I shall not.' ' I will tell you,' she says, passionately, ' and you must think what you will of us. Patience wanted me to marry you be cause you were rich, and she hoped to get some of your money to help our impoverished family.' ' A very laudable desire,' he comments, quietly. 'Patience is a good, careful creature, I know, and looks after her family a great deal better than you do.' ' Oh, she made me feel so mean and hor rid!' exclaims Polly, with passionate tears falling from her eyes. ' ' She used to talk of what she would do when— when — . And I determined it should never be.' ' Yes, you were vory determined. You heaped all Patience's iniquities upon my head ; you punished me most severely for her sins. Wasn't that it, Polly ?' The shot tells. She crimsons to the roots of her hair. [ ' Porgive ine, Mr. Lancaster.' 'I don't know that I can. It wants I thinking about. And how did the august Patience treat you on learning the downfall of her hopes ? Did she take a broom ? Or did she merely belabor you with the pro verbial words that break no-bones ?-' ? ' I won't tell you any thing— while— you- speak like that.' ' How shall I speak, then ?' he says, with sudden fire. ' Like— as you used to do.' He passes over her reply without apparent notice ; but his heart is stirred to its very debts. * 'You haven't answered my question, Polly.' ' Nor am I going to do so.' There is silence between them for a while. Outside a robin is singing high up on a bare, black elm branch, and the boys are phouting gleefully as they glide over the frozen road. Lancaster stares dreamily at them from out the window, thinking how hard is his fate — never so hard as now, when the girl he loves is so near him — so near, and yet so far ! He turns away, and leans back in his easy chair, looking at her till his heart grows warm within him. ' You are looking pale, Polly ; you want a walk. Supposo you go to the ~post~'for me ?' He proposes this merely to get rid of her while he has some self-control left. But she does not move. 'Not yet, Mr. Lancaster. You haven't forgiven me.' ' Didn't I say I never could ?' He speaks roughly, because it is the only way he can answer her if he may not take her in his arms and express his forgiveness in more than words. ' But you will?' ' You'll have to beg very hard.' ' As hard as ever you like.' ' Don't, 'Polly ; don't be sweet and sub missive. Be angry, cold, proud, as you need to be. It is better for me.' ? 'No, no; never again!' she answers, with a new passion drawing in her beautiful eyes. ' I will never be cold or proud to you again.' ' Then we must never be together, Polly ; for unless you remind me constantly of the distance between us, I cannot — cannot — bear your presence.' ' What distanco ? Why not ?' she asks with one soft hand on his sleeve, 'Why not ? Because I love you I Be ! cause I cannot see you day after day, know ing that you may never ? ' remember Gavin Hamilton's beautiful dead He stops abruptly for sheer want of power to control himself, a nd pushes her gentle , fingers from his sleeve, unable to bear the j touch of a hand which is so dear to him, and which ho can never possess. 'Mr. Lan ouster, I do believe you are thinking- of your accident !' lie makes a silent gesture of assent. ' Do you think that would make any difference to me ?' 'It will to mo, Polly. I will ask no woman on earth to marry a cripple such as lam.' ' ? Sho bends her bright head low, while sho asks : — ' '' Not ovon if thoro-woro someone' who loved you and who could never love anyone ' else?' ? -His -heart-boats-fast, .his brain —whirls ;- but amid the fierce temptation he keeps a firm hold of his resolution. ' No, Polly.' ? ' Mr. Lancester, that is altogether wrong. . It is hard upon yourself, and — perhaps— upon another.' ' I can't help it,' he returns, obstinately. ' Lewis, perhaps I have.said.mor.e.than _I_ . ought already ; but, Lewis, I love you ! No one can make me happy but you !' There is a breathless silence in the room after that passionate declaration. Polly's head has dropped lower than before, and her hands are covering her face. Lancaster wonders vaguely whether she can hear the mad throbs of- his -heart ;- whether she has any idea at all of the temptation sho had placed before him, of the terrible strength required to resist it. But he does resist it. He puts it absolutely from him. 'No, Polly; I won't marry you. You may think me very cruel and ungrateful in throwing back your dear love upon your self, but there will come a time when you will thank me in your heart that I did not take advantage of your sweetness. Don't say any more. You don't know the pain you give me. Let this be the end of it.' He leans back in his chair, utterly ex hausted by the strong emotions that have taken him during the past half-hour, and she rises slowly and goes from the room, with her face still hidden — crying. Lancaster covers his eyes, not daring to look at her, lest he should call her back ; and so he puts his happiness away from him. The day wears on wearily ; never has Lancaster spent such a wretched one. He is consumed by an agony of longing, of regret, of love, till he is utterly worn out and quite unable to go into tea, but stays in the drawing room, lying on the sofa, and thinking the most sorrowful thought that ever possed his heart. After tea Mrs. Yorke and Patience came to sit with him ; but he startles them both by turning his face to the wall, and begging them passionately to leave him alone, or he shall go out of his mind. Mrs. Yorke, always rather timid and rotiring, would simply obey his wishes, and go away, but Patience only approaches nearer, to lay a cool, critical hand on her invalid's weary head, burning with the fever of strife. ' Do you feel worse, Mr. Lancaster? Is your leg very painful to- night ?' She waits a minute; but, getting no answer, she continues, with unusual sym pathy in her matter-of-fact tones : — ' Tell me if there is anything you want. There is nothing we will not do for you.' ' Nothing — only to die !' Ho presses her cool hand against his forehead as long as his failing strength will ponnit. 'My Polly !' he murmers, half unconsciously. — He— sees- as— in— a— dream— Mrs— Yorke's- -startled-face-phe-hears~the~opcrfmg--of-the' door, and her frightened voice calling for aid, and then it all fades away, and he is dead— or thinks he is ; and death must be sweet, indeed, if it be like this blank, un knowing rest. But all too soon he wakes to the weary world again, and finds the maid supporting his head, and Patience bathing his temples with some aromatic vinegar, while Mrs. Yorke chafes his hands. ' Take it away,' he says, in feeble dis gust, and Patience obediently ceases her sponging, and puts a glass of wine to his lips. ' You are better now. You will soon be yourself again.' 'Yes, I suppose so,' he says regretfully. If he could but have died then, he thinks, what a weight of trouble would have been taken off everybody's shoulders — his own included ! But he struggles back to life again, in spite of himself, and is soon much the same as he was before his long faiuting fit. ' Now vou are better, havo a nan.' savs Patience. 'Mother is going to sit with you a little while, and I am going to see after something for your supper.' She goes out of the room in her ener getic way before the languid words of thanks are on his lips, and goes straight to the kitchen, where she finds Polly standing palo and thoughtful over the fire. ' Where's Jane ?' sho inquires. I sent her just now to ? ' 'Sho has had to go up to the baker's. They have not sent the flour.' ' Then I must just get this chicken ready to put down, or it will never be done in timo for Mr. Lancaster's supper.' ? ' How is he ?' ' Oh, better again now !' tying on a big white apron as she speaks. 'But I think it isn't his leg half the time ; ho's thinking about something, — that's my belief.' She makes a cheerful rustle as she moves about the bright kitchen ; but her face does not look cheerful, and when she .spcaka she I affects an off-hand ease whioh alio is very ! far from feeling. .... ? ? ? ? ? ? : N: thin*? is fartbrr frorxi hox hi+onKoc, than to prosa Lancuytcr o causo . . ~ -cf sister again ; and as long as she lives she will i_.faco_as_she.la8t saw it— locked in icy slum- ? ? L bor ; nor will she forget that her reproaches | embittered Polly's last hour with him. Yet, on the other hand, she can still see the 1 look on Lancaster's face as ho swooned away; she can still hear his despairing, half unconscious words: 'Oh, Polly!' Her heart is torn between the two; Jano looks at Polly, and notes the palor on her face, tho dejection of her attitude. ' Child, you look like a ghost !' ' I am quite well, Patience.' _A long silence. ? ' Do they give any hopes of Mrs. Hamil ton ?' Patience inquires presently, starting another subject, and flouring the chicken briskly. \-- None. Dr. Lecknin says it ' is only a question of days.' ' Poor thing! poor thing !' It has beona ' sorrowful world for her since that day,' responded the other. ' He was tho only son of his mother, and sho_\vas.a_wido.w,' quotes Polly. ? ? ? ? ? ? 'lie was a poor lad,' Patienco returns, with a lump in hor throat. ' Patience,' continues tho girl, ' Isome .times-think you griovo more for Gavin- than ? I do.' ' How can that bo, child ? Ho was your sweetheart, was he not ? _ ' No' says Polly slowly. Perhaps I was his, but he was not mine.' ' Sometimes I havo thought you grieved, Patience, for having once wished to separate us. — If it will do you good, if it will com- ? - fort you, dear, let me tell you that I did not love him in that way— though, perhaps, I fancied I did for a while. But I know that I never did — I have known it for some time.' ' It would take a weight off my mind if I could be sure of what you say,' replies Patience, sitting down on one of the wooden chairs, and putting her apron to her eyes. She is like many another hard-headed, strong-tongued woman, sweet at the core, and not by any means so strong-minded as ' she chose to appear. Polly kneels down beside her. ? */'? ' Dear Patienco, you may be sure.' ' ' He cared for you, child,' says Patience, between half-smothered sobs. 'Yes; and he always believed I cared for him . I believed so, too, at first, and afterwards I had not the hoart to undeceive him. I see now it was all for the best. Dear Patience, don't let this trouble you any more.' She pulls her sisters head down to her, and kisses her tear-stained cheek. ' ' And what made you change your mind about him, Polly ? I'm sure he was a likely lad enough. There were plenty envied you ? ? your sweetheart.' ' I never cared for him at all, Patienco, except as I might for a doar brother. But ? ? afterwards when Mr. Lancaster lay dying, as. wo thought, I know then for whom I cared.' 'Child!' Patienco Yorke looks down upon her lap, _in„which_h.ejLsis.ter.'s.iace.is. hidden, -in_utter ? astonishmoiit. ' But you rof used him on the very day he was hurt,' she objects, when sho can find speech. 'Yes. It was not till we thought we should lose him that I found out the truth, though I think I must havo cared all the time. Now that you know this, Patience, * don't reproach me.' ' I am not going to do so. But he cares -, for you as much as ever, child. Your name was the last word he spoke before ho -fainted:'' ' Pknow he does.' ' ' Then it will be all right now, won'tit?' Polly raises her face, and looks at her sister with miserable blue eyes. 'No. You don't know all yet, Patience.^ He told me again that he loved me this very '' afternoon, but that he would never marry me, nor any ono olse, because ho was a cripplo. And I Patienco — I wanted him to marry mo, and I bogged him, and ho wouldn't.'' She buries her face in the other's lnp in a perfect agony of shame, and there is ailonec for a time, broken only by the merry chirp of a cricket on the glowing hearth and the brisk crakle of the fire, while the hands of the clock creep slowly onwards, and tho half-floured chicken lies forgotten on tho table. (To be continued, J 