Sxto mí Mttüm. THE MISSING! CLUE. A TALE OP TUE KENS. (Chamberí Journal.) ClIAITER III.-THE EVENTS OF A Kin HT. Doww-sTAins in the public room, tho faithful Derrick is engaged in a seemingly interesting conversation with minc host Robb Dipping and two or three other jolly good fellows, who are all drinking at his expense. No sign yet had the attendant discovered that had served to arouse MB suspicions. No word bad been spoken which in any way showed that the natives of this desolate place were anxious to know more about his maBtcr or himself. A suspicion of danger often arouses our fears and doubts where there is perhaps not thc smallest occasion for either. The honest countvymeu troubled themselves much less about the matter than even the worthy host, who was happily indifferent to everything but the fact that Mr. Morton and his servant were rare and profitable customers. Thc lumbering knot of labourers at length departs, and minc host locks and bars the door ; while Derrick, not a little fatigued with thc harassing events of the day, is left standing alone, surveying a row of empty benches which the retiring fenmen have just quitted. Burly Hobb comes buck puffing and blowing, ' his red face glowing like thc setting sun, and his bald skull spotted with perspiration through thc exertion he has undergone in securing the strongly built outer door. ' Landlord, I'm feuiug tj bed,' says Derrick, who has suddenly returned to his original gruffness. ' Very good, sir,' is the reply of the host, who forthwith trims and lights an atom of a lamp which he fishes out ol a cupboard by thc fire-place. ' I hope you will sleep well, slr.' Derrick's eyes are watching thc innkeeper from under his beetling brows, and he answers gruffly : ' I hope so.' ' I've heard it said,' goes on thc loquacious host, ' that a good sleep is worth a fortune to an over-tired man. I see nothing to prevent you sleeping well here, sir.' ' Not much likelihood of being roused in tile night, eh V remarks the attendant. * Why, no, sir,' answers Dipping, wonder- ing what motive his guest could have in asking such a question. ' There s no one to disturb you here, unless, indeed, it bc your master himself.' . Many visitors here V inquires Derrick, as old Hobb leads the way up the dusky, creaking staircase with the flickering lamp in his hand. ' None at all, sir,' replies the landlord in a melancholy tone. ' There never is any one here-leastways, very, very seldom. I haven't had a visitor stopping in this iiouse for a matter of-I can't rightly say how long ; but I know it's a mortal long while, for since my poor wife died' ' ls this my room ?' interrupts Derrick, as the innkeeper halts before a solid-looking black door at the head of thc staircase. ' It is,' answers old Dipping. ' You are pretty close to your master, sir.' ' I know,' is all that the attendant deigns to say, as he pushes open the door and enters with the light, leaving thc landlord to stumble down-stairs in the dark as best he may. Having carefully fastened the door. Derrick sctB down thc light, and approaches thc window with the intention of getting a breath of fresh air. Thc casement is somewhat hard to unfasten, and whi n at length he succeeds in opening it, the lamp which he lias brought ia blown out under thc sudden influence of a gust of air which is admitted. No matter ; lie docs not want it. The night-breeze is cool and refreshing, a favourable contrast to thc hot stifling room below, and Derrick, as he leans upon thc window-ledge, begins to appear more contented and at ease. All afterglow of thc twilight has long disappeared, and the moon is shining with a sick'y light upon alow layer of mist which covers thc marshy flats. Above the thin watery fog which has arisen from the sluggish stream and enshrouded thc village as in a winding sheet, thc great shattered tower of the monastery rises ghost- like and dim, while the silence of the vast solitude is uubroken by a single sound. ICven Derrick is not insensible to thc peculiar beauty anil stillness of thc scene, and he lounges there, humming a tune, and watching thc silvery trickle upon the watery marsh long after mine host has retiivd to rent. At leugth he closes the casement and divests himself of his heavy boots. Tired as he is, lie docs not attempt to remove his clothes. The man had Been a deal of sharp service, und experience had taught him long ago that in cases where he might bc wanted at any moment, it were better to sleep in them. He merely places Iiis pistols within reach, and then throwing himself upon thc bed, endeav- ours to sleep. livery one knows wlist it is to arrive at that dreamy state of scuii- uneonsciousiicss when tile weary senses, failing at once to engage the attentions of the drowsy god, find a sort of relief in a long train of most discon- nected thought. It was thus with Derrick. The fatigues of thc day had proved too much for even that hardy individual, so that, instead of falling at once into a sound refresh- ing sleep, he was drowsily conning over the différent events which had occurred, his rambling imagination colouring them with a variety of indistinct pictures and incidents. These weird fancies at length grew fainter and fainter, and the attendant was fast sinking into Blumber, when suddenly, and aB it seemed without a cause, he awoke. Through the casement the moon was staring down upon him like a pale still face, and the treater part of his recumbent pcrBon lay athed in its cold light. All was still ; there seemed not the slightest reason why he should be thus aroused. The silence was profound, and the very beating of Derrick's heart sounded like a hammer thumping time in his head. Scarcely knowing what he does, he sits up on the edge of bis bed and listens. Yes ; he wa» not mistaken, there seemed to bc a faint noise approaching thc old inn-a low measured tramp. The hammer-like beating grows louder as Derrick, with every nerve strained to the utmost pitch, silently rises and once more opens the casement. There can be no mistake now ; Borne persons are approaching ; and in that low tramp, distant as it is, be recognises thc marching of a body of soldiers. He closes the window softly, and taking his heavy riding boots in bis hand, unfastens the door, and glides softly along the gallery towards his master's apartment. Owing to the pitchy darkness in which the gallery is enveloped, he experiences some difficulty in groping his way without stumbling ; but reaching thc further end at last, he feels his way to Iiis master's door and gives the required signal. It is answered with unexpected suddenness, the door being instantly thrown open, and Sir Camaby appearing on the threshold. He is fully dressed, like Derrick ; he has not even removed his outer clothing, and in his hand is a short broad-bladed knife. The saddle- bags lie upon the table, and a portion of their contents, discernible by a dim night- light, is scattered about; but the black box is cone. w In a very few words, the trusty henchman explains what is the reason of his coming, and urges Ids master to hold himself in readiness to escape, should it he necessary. KirCuniaby looks at him while he speaks as if he docs not quite understand his hurried explanation : hut when the attendant has finished, he looks around the room with an anxious air, and then says : ' If it lw so. Derrick, we must get off somehow as quickly aB we can. This windon', I think, looks towards the back «f the house. Can you not manage to descend into the courtyard and get out our horses T Lead them down the bank of thc stream towards that tall beacon by the dike. You must remember the place ; we remarked it as we passed the mill on our journey here.' " I remember the place, Sir Carnally ; but I am notfoisg to make off there, and leave you alone hère.1 ' I shall be safe enough, I tell you, Derrick,' said tho baronet as he hastily motioned to the attendant to go. ' I cannot come yet ! I can- not; it IB impossible.' ' I will wait below, then,' is the stubborn reply of his servant, who is already half out of the window. ' Derrick,' says Sir Cantaby, laying his hand upon the attendant's shoulder, * do what I tell you. I cannot come now ; and if you wait below for me, as you say, we shall both be discovered. More lives than our own depend upon your obeying me at this moment. Go, as I tell yon, and wait for me by the beacon ; and I will join you as Boon as I possibly can.' Tile man clasps his master's hand, and, with something like tears in his eyes, makes his way to the ground. Tho fugitive baronet has no emotion expressed on his countenance, for lie fears not for himself ; Iiis thoughts are centred upon that black box which has now so strangely disappeared. With the broad bladed knife still in his hand, he goes towards a corner of the room, kneels down, and appears tn busy himself with thc planking of the floor. Fortunately for himself, Derrick had found his way to thc shed where thc horses had been stabled ; and his efforts to saddle and bring them out had proved successful. Thc great gates leading out of thc courtyard nf thc old inn were fastened ; but this did not deter tho attendant's movements for an instant. Leading the horses through a gap in the fence at the back of the Sazonfuril A tin*, he crossed a small cultivated mcloaure, and emerged from the cover of a hedge upon the open high way. Stopping for a moment to listen, he plainly distinguished the measured tramp of soldiers approaching the inu, mingled with the low peculiar clank of arms and accoutre- ments. One circumstance which particularly alarmed Derrick was that tho sound plainly came from the direction iu which he had to go. There was no time for thought, however ; thc warning tramp which broke thc stillness of thc night came nearer and nearer, and over tho old timber bridge which crossed thc stream caine a dim file of figures-eleven of them. Derrick could easily count the number as they passed over the bridge and caine straight towards tho old Saxoufonl A rm», their fixed bayonets flashing and glittering iu the moon- light. There was but one course he could take ; he must move forward and pass them. No opportunity for making a detour, for thc military were not one huudred yards from the house, and the attendant kuew that he had been seen. Muttering n prayer for his master's safety, Derrick put the horses to a slow trot, and advanced towards thc soldiers with a feeling of fear at his heart which he had never before experienced, lie hod not covered half the distance before a sharp word of command came from thc front, and a linc was drawn up across thc road, evidently with the intention of disputing Iiis further progress. A dash for it now ; delay meant capture both for himself and his master. Digging spurs into his horse's sides, the attendant laid thc fiat of his broad blade over the flanks of Sir Carnaby's charger which lie lcd, and torc down the road like a whirlwind. It was all over in a minute. A sheet of flame shot forth as the bold horseman broke through the linc, and theu, without a check, he found himself ascending the steep bank close agaiust the bridge. The soldiers, however, who had taken the initiative, had uo intention of lotting their suspected quarry escape. Before Sir Carnaby's servant could head thc bank, he was surrounded, and a hoarse cry to stop and surrender came from Iiis pursuers. In this they had mistaken their man. Derrick entertained no Buch idea. He indeed hoped that thc firing would alarm his master, and allow him time to make his retreat in safety ; but not a thought had he of yielding. Once moro clapping spurs to his horse, ana striking right and left with his drawn blade, the attendant partially succeeded in clearing himself from the press. At this moment, a random shot from one of tile military dropped his master's horse, which bc had been leading. Derrick had scarcely time to disengage his arin from the bridle before the poor animal went crashing down, breaking the worm-eateu railing of the bridge like matchwood, and throwing one of his assailants headlong into the stream below. In the confusion, Derrick received a bayonet wouud in the left arm, and he was uearlv pulled from his saddle ; but shaking himself free with almost superhuman strength, he applied Iiis spurs, and galloped across the old bridge for dear life. Although there appeared to be no attempt at pursuit, Derrick did not judge it prudeut to ride straight for the spot where he hoped to meet his master. After making a consider- able circuit, the trusty henchman, faithful to the last, reined iu his reeking steed, und §ozed across the fiat misty space in thc ircctiou of the Saxon/ord Arms. The silence, however, was as complete as when he had Bat at that open window looking over the fen. Not a soul was anywhere near him. Putting his horse once more iu motion, the mau rode slowly along the hank until he reached the place of rendezvous. It was as he both feared and suspected. Sir Caruaby was not there. Ile must wait. The clear night clouded, and the hours passed by, but yet his master came not. Derrick might wait until the crack of doom, but he never would meet his master again on earth. The devoted courage of the servant was useless now, for, pierced by a musket bullet, Sir Cantaby Vincent lay lifeless across the stairs of the old Saxoi\ford Arm». CHAPTER IV.-AFTER FIFTEEN YEARS. ' It wanted but a few days to Christmas 1760-a seasonable Christmas, and in keeping with that festive season of the year. Snow and sharp north-east winds had been plentiful for nearly a week past. The fiat country all around the time-honoured cathedral city of Fridswold had been covered with a vast sheet of drifted snow, which had found its way into every nook and crevice, filling up all the ditches and dikes until they were level with the surrounding country. The minster tower was embellished with innumerable white patches, aud the minster roofs were hidden under a thick covering of frozen snow. It was evident that King Christmas had things to his liking this time, and was bent upon enjoying his own particular way. Meanwhile the wind roared on, roared and whistled, and whisked the sharp frozen snow- flakes round and round, dashing them, as if in impotent rage, against the sturdy walls of the miuster. The air was so thick that, although the hour was not late, darkness had set in with a density that obscured every object from view, while the tolling of the great vespers-bell was drowned by the distracting uproar of the elements. It was during one of the uncertain lulls which occurred from time to time, that a figure emerged from the protecting shelter of one of the cathedral buttresses, and wrapping himself in the folds of a horseman's cloak, strode hastily forward, evidently intending to take advantage of the brief calm and reach some haven of shelter. Scarcely a single person was to be seen in the deserted streets, through which thc blast torc with such mad fury that the buffeted wayfarer staggered j again. Visions of glowing fires, dry clothes, and comfortable shelter rose before his imagination os he passed a brightly lighted window. But there was no stopping for him; he muston and fight this tough battle with thc pitiless wind ns best he may. His destin- ation is at length reached. The weather- beaten traveller de?ceuds a couple of steps, paBses through an open doorway, and emerges from thc outer darkness into a warm, cosy looking bar-his clothes half-frozen, and crusted with patches of snow. He is ap- parently known here, fur he is instantly relieved of his cloak ami hat by a neat-looking damsel, who up to thc present moment has been engaged in a light anil refreshing flirt- ation with a large, hot-vissged mau lounging before the fire. * Sharp weather this, sir,' remarked that worthy, slightly moving from his place. ' Sharp indeed !' returned the other in a deep voioe, as he shook some loose particles f of snow from his person. ' Ah, this'll be a bad time for many people,' I wu the next remark tile large man ventured I upon. A muttered exclamation dropped (rom the lips of the last comer, but was too indistinct to be heard. ' There'll be many a person remember this night,' continued be of the fiery countenance, with an insane notion that he was getting along capitally. around, fixing a pair of dark eyes upon the other's face but he did not speak. .Somewhat discouraged, the large man paused for a minute ere he spoke again. . The person he seemed ao wishful to converse with was a tall, handsome, young fellow, dressed in a sort of half -military costume, and with a bold dashing look, sufficient in itself to attract notice. By his side was a silver hilted rapier, the ordinary weapon of a gentleman of the day ; and the martial look of the wearer was sufficient proof that he would be prompt to use it iu any emergency. Seemingly not satisfied with the long inspec- tion he had thought fit to take, our red-faced lrieud once more endeavoured to enter into conversation ; but thc gentleman, after giving the maid some orders, quitted the room. ' Is'that gentleman staying in the house, Peggy, my dear ?' asked the red- faced one of thc waiting-maid. addressed turned sharply i os ; ne came nero usc night,' replied the girl, who was perfectly ready to resume the aforesaid flirtation, which had been interrupted hy thc entrance of the visitor. But thc man with a fiery face now stemed to !>c persistently interested in the stranger. ' What may Iiis name be, Peg »' he asked in u tone of affected carelessness. 'That's no business of yours, Mr. Goff,' retorted thc a trifle tartly, for the swain's girls indifference somewhat nettled her. 1 Now, Peggy, my chuck, don't get crusty,' said the big man in wheedling accents. ' What's that you've got in your pretty baud ':' " It's the gentleman's hat,' replied the fair maid, somewhat relaxing. ' I'm going to dry it hy the fire with his cloak. They're sopping wet, now the snow's melted on them.' ' He's not likely to lose his headpiece, who- ever he may be,' remarked Mr. (¿off. ' I can sec "H. Ainslie" on the lining quite plain, as you're holding it now.' ' Von seem to take a deal of interest in the gentleman,' laughed Peggy as she turned the hat away. ' It's mighty little interest I take in any one except you, my beauty,' returned Mr. Goff. 'I only thought the young fellow .looked wonderful weary and tired like.' ' He looked that yesterday,' said Peggy, warming to the subject. 'I felt quite sorry for him when he rode up. It wasn't fit weather to turn a dog out in.' ' And he's been out again to-day ?' hazarded thc big man. ' Yes,' replied Peggy, depositing the hat and cloak in front of the roaring blaze. ' He went out carly on foot, leaving his horse in tlie stable, and we saw nothing more of him till two o'clock. He came back then, and ordered something to eat ; but as I'm a living creature, I think he scarcely touched it. After that, he weut out again, and did not return till just now.' ' It seems wonderful curious.'Jsaid Mr. Goff slowly, as he buttoned up his coat and prepared to so-' seems wonderful curious that a young gent should go on in that fashion. When I Bee 'cm a-doing so, I always have a sort of notion that they've got some- thing on their minds, and are going to act rash.' ' That's your experience, is it ?' said the girl with a laugh. ' I don't think much of it.' ' Possibly not,' returned the other. ' Good night.' (To lc Continued.) 