The late diiinpionsMp Meeting. . The month of -, August is new the«stablished time of the year during which the cJroJists/of this colony hold h%h festival^ and the seven days which began last Saturday, and ended with to-day, ^nght to be called the ' oyclitog week.' It is -sufficiently important to be marked by some spedfic title, for to Sydney -he contest which take place during that week «re directed the eyes of all the -cycUsterof Australia. As far as regards public interest the late meet ing of the Sydney Bicycle Club has attracted a greater amount of public interest , than any previous event of the kind in the Southern hemisphere, and has brought together more good riders thau have yet contested at any eatherin? The two champion races— the one mile and the ten miles induced , the best men from Victoria to enter the lists, end South Australia s?nt her single rider, Mr. Hollbway, 'in queBt-ot champion honours in fhe trycicle race, the interest in which' was unfortunately spoiled owing ' to defective harifBcapping. The valiie of the prizes is not so great as x-f themselves to eutioe wheelmen from the other colonies, ahd there is little betting on cycling Events. It may, therefore be acoeptod as a fact that. our visitors from Victoria, from Queensland, and from South Australia came, as the Greeks of old did from ail parts to Olympia, to gain ^he parsley crown. The. honourable spirit of emulation which thus indices the cynttst to travel husdred of -miles, sometimes-at great inconvenience, and to undergo weeks *of hard training in order to secure champion hohours,i8 one which oannot but extract the praise and admiration of all. It is this kfien and honest rivahywhicfc has caused the sport to take such a strong hold on the~_publicmind; and it is to be hoped that the votaries of Ihe sport of the wheel will ded mate at its proper value the high position cycling has frlp-n among athletic pastimes. Let there, be no truckling, no conspiracies, no^ finessing, and, above all, keep -he evil influeneeof betting ,sway, and 'all will be well: Once bet ting influences ate brought to bear then goodby to the publie patronage, iarewell to monster gates «nd well'filled.«ijchse ^uers. Thb public feeling last Satnrday when they thought Bennett should and could have appropriathedihe Ten-mile race eught-to be sufficiently strong 4 bint to. our wheelmen for them to profit by. Though itwas ©ratifying to the«n lookefe to see New South Wales win both:champion events, they were far from being pleased when' fiiey aa\r the honours in the tea- mile race fall to Wbod'-instead of Ben nett, who foolishly showed tibat he could have won most comfortably. Had fihackelford not havemet with a mishap he -would have compelled Bennett to win, and probably Wood would have had to content himself with third honours. Towards . the close of tho hut lap Wood appeared to he going very slowly; and Bennett, fearing probably that the sturdy Foulkes, who was riding 'close behind, might pass Wood, he put on a grand spurt widjuet headed his partner, but, seeing that Fouftea couid-not para Wood, he dropped back again. Nine out of every ton persons con versant with' the sport saw that Bennett could have won, and it 'was the palpable superiority of Bennett that caused the astonishment at his not winning. While Bennett is censured for not doing his best, the public are not unneces sarily se\ ere on him. It was pretty well known that the partaere bad arranged, if they could manage it, to divide the . hdnours— Bennett to win the mile anil Wood the ten' miles. Bennett may not have thought he was acting in an unsportsmanlike manner, and may have erred through ignorance. He will, -however, be surprised to learn that if such a transgression had occurred on the racecourse, instant disqualification would have been meted out to die rider who drew' back aid to file one Sn whose favour he had retired. . From sn squitable point of view, what is applicable to the rider of a horse is applicable to a wheel rider. We will now end this unsavoury subjoct with a hope that our amateur riders will so comport themselves on the track as will entitle them upon all occasions to be designated ' straight goers.' Let us turn to the. racing. Had a day been ordered the weather for fast time and comfortable riding could not have been more suitable. The track was hard, and there was not a breath of wind to impede the rush of the riders through the air. Shackelf ord was made a hot favourite for both the big events, his friends, on tho strength of a good *ri«i( fan cying his chances amazingly. Against a very high wind, and after 24 hours of a fatiguing overland journey, Bhackelford did his . mile in 2 minutes &7£ seconds. All things considered it was a wonderful performanoe, and was quite sufficient to justify the confidence reposed by the Vic torians in their champion. The fallacy of time trials as shown by fhe fact that Shackelford was easily beaten in the same time under weather conditions which should have 4snabled him to break 2 minutes 66 seconds, in the trial, howsver, ha had no one to ''worry** hinij and the knowledge that Beunet$ and Wood wen, acting in tstfn cert must have affected his riding. ', Bennett is a 'grass demon,' ana the manner in which heansweca jto every jcall that to made upon hisekill and etamina suggests the idea thatfew know how fait he oan-ge,.or how long he can stay. febackeMbrd's friends aver that Bennett is Inferior to fhe Victorian at the longer distance, but are ready to concede the pahn to Bennett at shorter diatonw. Bennett, bow ever, wonld be hard to beat at anydistanoe. He can stay for a week and is 4he Archer of the track, having a dear headj splendid nerves, and an unlimited supply of conn denoe in his own skill as a rider. As Bennett is only ?2 Tears of ago, there is no telling what wonderful things he mayaccflWiph'uh. Wood isanesit rider, but has yet moohto learn. Compared with Shaokleford, he lacks ids-stajmg qualities, but is quite as fast. In fhe three mike race to day the public will witness an int^n^ struggle betwem these riders. Under bo abb « tutor and friend as C W. Bennett, Wood is certain to be -before long 'xmx champion.' Foulkes rode a plui^r raoei but was out-classed. He is the best of the second nighty ^ot not in the rank which «m braces ?such men as Bennett, Wood, and Shackelf ord. He pedals along with etsaiiy iwsolntioa, but cannot get fee pace required ^^for a sustained spurt. His plucky riding m the lQ-mOes race was much applauded, for though he had not 'the ghost of a show,' he kept pegging away in the hope that something wouM happai. None of the other Victorians showed prominently in the race, Blomfield who, reported to be a flyer, failing to sustain his reputation for speed. H. E. Stokeshas evidently not improved in the ratio that Bennett and Shackelford have. Last yeau tbe mile was won by Bennett in 3 minutes 20 seconds, Shaekelf ord being beaten only by afoot. Therefore it will be seen great Impxovwnentluw _ ? — — — — — — — teen made by Iwth riders. Queensland sent a most pro mising rider in F. W. Bellbridge, who, though, almost a novice as a rider, displays wonderful form. He won the One-mile Handicap, beating some very good men rather easily, and would have carried off the Ladies' Bracelet but that he lost Mb pedal when leading in the last hip. When he recovered he made a most wonderful spurt, and was overhauling the leaders at every revolution of his wheel. The meeting was a grand financial success, and it is thought that, after paying all expenses, there will be a profit of about £500. ? 