An Unmasked Card-sharper.! The Story of a Young Man who was Detected I Cheating in a Club. They were discussing the latest scandal. A young man of good connections had been igno miniously expelled from a club. Playing in collusion, with, a professional gambler, he had cheated at cards and in a few months had won a considerable sum. ' And has he killed hiwa^lf ?* asked some one. ' Bah V replied another. * Bo men mi them* Bclves for so little nowadays ? It was different in the good eld times.* * In the good old times, as you coll them,' said old General Boy, * those who adopted the oard* sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exoeptions there may have been among those who were detected at the ontset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did as they do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it is bo easy! When respect for his own good name will not restrain a man at the first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the way, I can tell you of a curious case in point, where the hero blew out his bzains, hut it was not a suicide. No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen: 4 It was some fifty years ago. The Press of that time was not the terrible gossip that it is to day, and sensational news never passed certain bounds. There were not fewer scandals, but the scandals were less known. In fact, I think there were rather more. Not that wo ! are more virtuous, but the fear of publicity is certainly a great check. 'Among the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of those days, who furnished the greater part of the scandalous gostip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentle* man attached to the Hag's household. I shall call him the Vioomte Roland. The name was not an illustrious one; in fact, thevicomte was the fruit of one of those mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. General Comte Roland, whose heavy cavalry charges are matters of history, had married the daughter of the Marquis de Brsnsao, a member of one of the wealthiest and most powerful families of France. His son was then about twenty-six years of age. He had not the robust, plebeian' beauty of his father, who had been one of the handsomest men in the army. He was rather the delicate and distinguished grace of his mother, whose idol he was. Having loved her husband passionately, the countess was sow wrapped up in her son, 4 The extravagant life led by the son had caused a quarrel between the parents. The couctess lived in the Bransao Hotel, one of the finest in the Faubourg 8aint Germain, while the general, Becluding himself in a little chateau in the forest of Senart, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They say he had ill treated Ms wife, hut it was utterly untrue. The fact is that there had been between the general and his wife two terrible scenes. ' The first was caused by an idea which took possession of the countess. She found this name "Belaud " too plebeian for her eon, and tormented her husband to obtain the lung's authority po add to it that of Bo Bransao. The general energetically refused. c "My name has sufficed for me," said he, " for me who have made it famous. It will do for this fine.gentleman, my son. If he does not find it brilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre." ' The second scene was brought about by the vioomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a debt which were the consequences of this little affair. The general brought the bou before his mother and roughly reproved him for his folly. Instead of supporting her husband, the countess made exousea for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love scrape. 1 As the general told bis son that bis fortune was not sufficient to maintain such scandalous absurdities, the countess unhappily interjected: ' " Ob, the fortune of the J3e JBransaos will .amply suffice for him." 1 She had not calculated tho effect of her speech. An hour later the general left the hotel and went to bis ohateau; at the end of a week the family notary informed the countess that her entire personal fortune was at her dis posal. Tho separation was complete, and the general lived alone on tho fifteen thousand francs which constituted the revenue he re ceived from his own fortune. * The son made duoks and drakes cf her fortune. At the end of six months the countess was half ruined, and the energy of the notary alone saved her from her son's extravagances. * All at onoo it became known that the Vi comte Roland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had handed in his re signation as lieutenant in a cavalry regiment. That is what was given out, hut rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in public, but oonfined her self to her hotel. Ia a few weeks she seemed 10 years older. * The vicomte, after a voyage of some weeks in Italy, returned to Paris, took apartments in the Hue do la Chauslo d'Antiu, and lived the life of an idler on tb* pension of a thousand franos a month allowed him by bis mother. It would bo little to-day, but at that time it enabled a man to make quite a figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventures, the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities bsgan to be tilked about. Clubs were not as plentiful as they are now, but tho gilded youth and the gamesters had a few of them whore lovers of the green oloth could amuse themselves. 'One evening when the Yioomte Roland, after having won a considerable sum from one of his friends, offered him h-s revenge, his opponent rose, and, pushing away tho cards, looked at him in a singular manner. 1" Well, no, Roland," said ho; " what with your luck with women and your luck with cards, you have too muoh luok for one man," 'Boland, though - somewhat choleric, de manded no explanation, and contented himself with laughing. . ' Some days after, the Prefect of Police an nounced himself to the general at his chateau. What passed between them I do rot know. All that is known of the affair is that they re turned together to Paris. ' At 11 o'clock of the evening following that interview, the vicomte was seated at a table playing ecarte. He had just won ten succes sive games from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had been intro duced at the club by one of the members. Boland had a considerable sum before bin?. The loser bad just risen, and before leaving the table had bowed thrico, when an elderly gen tleman approached the table. Will the Vicomte Boland permit me to take the gentleman's revenge ?" ' The young man paled. It'was his father. '"As you are a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will be useless for yon to say that it is too high. Bead." And the general handed him a note folded twice. 'Thevicomte glanced over it, and shuddered, visibly. ' "Do you accept?" 'He bowed. The general seated himself opposite bis son, cut a. king, and dealt the cards. He won the first band. When it was the vicomte's deal be trembled slightly, and a strange^ght shone in his eyes; nevertheless he played on. The general won again. ' The vicomte rose, piletaa a ghost, and in a smothered voice said: '"In an hour, sir, I shall have acquitted myself." ' He left the room without another word. ' On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of the Vicomte Boland. His head was blown to pieces, his hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned ecrap of paper, on which were the words: : The loser will blow out his brains. ' The pretended Englishman was an accom plished cardsharper, sent by the Prefect of Police. The three bows haa been the sign agreed upon between him and the general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. 'The game was one for life and death be-, tween father and son. Both were dishonoured —the bou by his own act, the father by the son's. But thin dishonour -was & secret, which threatened to beoome an open shame. .Death could stifie it—the eon's death or the father's, for the stern old soldier would himself have disgraced his sou had that bod not kept their pact. The price of the general's secrecy was | ma son's me, - -iranaiated tor tne " Axgo naut ' from the French of i^ooard Die* becker. 