Goulburn Coursing Club. , GOULBURN. Jtos 12. Goulburn was en fete to-day on the occasion of the in- i augural meeting of the Goulburn Coursing Clnb. A ] half-holiday was proclaimed, Kid all that was required was fine weather to have drawn the largest attendance ever seen at a sporting event in the district. The pluvial element, however, waa in the ascendant, and though the attendance in coosequencf was Sfet as large as it would otherwise have been, there were at least 500 spectators present. The rain came down doggedly all day, 'and the onlookers divided their jov in the excellence of the sport and in the beneficial downfall. The utmost enthusiasm prevailed, and the cheers that emanated from the onlookers when the hares escaped, showed that their sympathies were with puss. Coursing has taken a firm hold in the district, and there is no doubt that Goulburn will become an important coursing centre. An excellent plampton has been formed on the local raceooane, and the completeness of the appointments attests that no expense has been spared over its formation. The ground is so that the bares, on being liberated from the slipping enclosure, career towarasthe escapes in front of the grand- stand, thuseoabling the occupants thereof to obtain a splendid view of the sport. Considering it is the first time the hares have been coursed they ran extraordinarily well, some tjf the 'trials being very severe, but there was a flukey course, the last one between Pradent Jane and Bounty being eminently unsatis factory, the hare to which the dogs were slipped not being as strong as a rabbit. In the Goulburn Leger, Lord Carrington, Peaceful Jane, Parade, and Maximillian performed most creditably ; while in the President's Cup, Guess and Bounty ran in a most meritorious fashion, ihe determination ana cleverness of Guess being the theme for general admiration. The ancient Bounty tan with all the fire of a Dutrov. and -it is expected that she will eo to the Blips iu the final course with Guess, the Wiagga representa tive. Mr. M'Quade's promising youngster, Master George, will be hard to beat if alipped to a stout young hare. In the Local Stakes, Thirlmere, Mars, and Ixion went brat. The day's spirt was carried out most satisfactorily, with a couple of exceptions. There was no dissent from the decisions of Mr. W. Monday, the judge ; and Mr. Pratt's slipping could not be cavilled at. Mr. Roberts, the hon. secretary, and Mr. C. Skarratt, in his old post of slip steward, each by his energy contributed largely to the suc cess of the day, the heroic way in which the latter braved the watery elements proving his ardour in the sport. &LTUBBAT.; Fine weather favoured the second day of the inaugural meeting of the above club, and the attendance showed a marked increase, both stands being well patronised. There ?were a large number of ladies among tne spectators, and they seemed to take keen interest in the sport. The road both going to aad coming from the ground presented quite an animated appearance with the large number of vehicles and horsemen, and generally the first gathering held in Gonl bum may be pronounced more successful than the initial meeting of any coursing club in Australia. To state that the residents of the district were much interested in the sport is but to feebly express their feelings, for the utmost enthusiasm was manifested by all who gave their presence to the affair, and when the last course of the day was decided there was a generally expressed wish that another meeting should ehortly take place. Conning in the Gonlburn district bids fair to become more popular than racing, and when the hares are accus tomed to means provided for their escape there will be very few killed, and the cavillers against the sport on humanitarian grounds, will have no further cause to inveigh against it. Though not yet in a state of completeness, the enclosed ground of tbe Goulburn dub is one of the best iu the colonies, and net even the oval at Snnbary can approach it in regard to the comfort and accommodation provided for the public. Moreover, the running ground is excellent, and the length from the Blipping-place to the far end ol the ground where the hares escape is sufficient to give the dower greyhound a chance against a less stoat bat more speedy dog. AU the visitors who hare seen the other conning enclosure* liere were much struck with the ground and the beauty of its surroundings. Goulburn. with its fine hotel accommodation, the close proximity of the ground to the town, and the fad that it is on the southern line of rail way, must become a popular trying-place for the iovere of the sport of the leash in this and the neighbouring colony. The sport on the second day was of a higher class than on the first day, as the fine weather enabled the bares to run better, owing to their far not bang saturated with wet from ths long grass. There wereafewfirst-class greyhounds, some moderate ones, and a few of the lurching element among the entrants. The President's Cup. the principal prize of the meeting, fell to Mr. L. Gormley's Guess, ^which ran all her courses in the most artistic stvle, and never allowed any of her opponents the remotest chance. Possessing surpassing cleverness and fire when next her hare, and having in addi tion good pace, she outworked and completely outpaced eveiy thing she met, and it was the general opinion when the Wagga representative overcame Crabtree in the final that the prize had fallen to the best greyhound at the meet ing. Crabtree was in great form, but he was outclassed when he met Guess, though he displayed unwonted smart ness when next Ids hare. The St Leger fell to that deserv ing courser, Mr. A. L. Park, who divided that stake between his promising pair of puppies, Peaceful Joe and Parade. Tbe performance of the latter against Lord Car ringtonwas most meritorious, the letter being completely out worked by Paredeand handsomely beaten. The Looal£takes resnltrd in a division between Messrs. Wade and Miles' pair, Thurimere and Will-o'-the-\Visp, both of whom dis played better form than they have ever shown before. Both won their courses in the most convincing style, ran most consistently, and exhibited the possession of psoe as well as cleverness. The overthrow of Xixon by Thurimere was a smart pertormanoe. Mr. WQuade's Macs,' a pro mising puppy, ran well, bat he was spun out through a severe course just before going to slips with Thnrlmere. Mr. M'Quade's usual ill luck«pursued him ; Osp-a'-Pie and Havoc, both enterrd for the Cop, were injured the night before the meeting and had to be withdrawn, while Maxi nriliin, who won two courses In the Leger on ths first day, broke one of his toes and was thus placed- hon de combat. Tha management of the meeting throughout, though erode in some respects, waa highly to be commanded, considering that Mr. J, J. Roberts end his committee have had but limited hut from tha ardour and energy they evinced in their wait, it can be predicted that the Goulburn gathering will he well and punctually conducted. Mr. Mundav, during his two day* ia &e; saddle, discharged his duties satisfactorily, fhough there were a lew occasions when his rnlings 'were dissented from, but this variance with the judical awards is inseparable from conn ing events, and will always occur. Pratt's dipping merits special praise, and Mr. C. C. Skarratt, as slip steward, waa moat energetic and painstaking. In the evening a banquet in honor of the occasion was held at Mandelson's Hotel, when there was a very large gathering. Appended are the details of the running: — PaEsrOTjrr's Cor. First Round. — Boy ran clean away from Camilla, who never scored a single point of merit In a fairish trial, the anfl of which was marred by a third dog joining inf Guess at onoe drew away bom Country Lass and reached the hare two lAiigthn ahead, and need her game smartly several times, when the latter made play, killed, and lost Lass, of Gowrie ran a bye. Havoc being drawn. Master George had no trouble whatever in outpacing and outworking Modesty in a good triaL A nice merry little spin followed' between Crabtree and See Saw, the latter of whom was not permitted to score once. Tam O'Shanter displayed marked superiority as to speed over Maritana, and won a smartly run trial very easily. Bounty led Ayrshire Lass 10 lengths, and picking np her hare in style defeated the latter aU ends up. Prudent Jane ran a bye, Cap-a-pie being drawn. Second Round. — Guess was much too fast for Boy, who never even the semblance of a chance with the former, either as regards pace or cleverness. It was a very smart performance on the put of MaBter George, who led Ltss of Gowrie 10 lonotha, and kept selfish possession of the hare,' which he killed without letting the latter have one look in. One of the best contested trials of the day ensued between Crabtree and Tam O'Shanter, The latter shoired die pice aU fhrongh, 'but 'going wlde at Ehe turns gave Crtbtrei many openings, whioh iis ntifised by his extra smartness. It was a lengthy and well-fought struggle, Crabtree just managing to gam Ihs award. Third Round.— Guess nude mineemeat of Master George in a short trial, leading the latter several lengths, and ter minating matters with a brilliant kill. It was a smart performance ou the part of -the Wagga representative. After a rare struggle Crabtree just gained the opening point, and iu a well-contested trial just won from Bounty, who killed, and pat herself oat. Deciding Course. — In a very short trial, with a short slip, Guess led Crabtree a couple of lengths, and after wrench ing onoe killed and won. It was a poor trial for the loser. St. Lkgbb. ' First Round. — Maximilian was faster than Girl of, the Period to the hare, and. soared the three opening points ; but the latter then obtained possession, and must have nearly equalised matters when the hare escaped. Magic showed the pace to the hare, and scored a strong beginning. Gaiety then obtained possession, and after a little work killed, and we thought was beaten, but the flag went up for the latter. Trust led and baat Gentlemen Joe pointless in a Bhort course, ending with a kill. Lord Carrington, after a brief struggle, drew out three lengths from Miss Primula, and defeated the latter in the most - de cisive fashion, the hare escaping. In a short trial Peaceful Joe led Lioness and gained the turn. After one exchange fitonesB nicked in for the kill and lost it must have been a very near thing. Cynic showed pace,: bat Ohie outstayed him in a good trial, which she terminated with a kill. Wild Wave had no chance whatever with Parade, who wai much faster and more clever at all points of a gcod trial ; Parade killed. Mirth ran a bye. Seoond Rodni. — A length ant a-half separated Maxi milian from Gaiety when the former reached the bare. Gaiety was far too slow for Mr. M'Quade's dog, who finished a brilliant winner after a strong hare. Lord Carrington led Trust three lengths, snd only allowed the latter an occasional opening in a grandly ran trial on the part of his lordship. Peaceful Joe was three lengths faster than Ohie, and wrenching eeveral times kiHed, and defeated the latter pointless. Parade led Mirth, and, picking up her hare, never left the issue in doubt for an instant Third Round. — Peaceful Joe led Maximilian 20 lengths, and scored twice, when the latter obtained aa opening, but he oo old not hold his place owing to his having sprung a too. Mr. Park's representative won very easily. Parade was faster from the slips than Lord Carrington, and se cured the opening point, but the latter then assumed com mand, and worked the hare very well for several strong points. Parade, however, again took oommand, snd knock ing the hareatxfat on the hillside woa cleverly. Peirade and Peaceful Joe, both being ths property of Mir. A. L. Park, divided the stake. Local Stakes. first Round. — Veno led and easily defeated Monarch in a good course. Xixon was a long way too fast and much too clever for Spider, and performed in a highly meritorous fashion after a strong hare, whose death he encompassed. Going in beautiful style, Gaitlesb never allowed Nimrod to lend the least assistance iu a merry spin, which ehe ended with the death. In a short trial Garnet led and well beat May. Thirlmere made an example of Woodonga, and, running as true as steel, ended a fine trial with a -kill. Waihena com pletely outpaced Faugh-a-Ballagh in a severe trial, the latter never exerting himsdf ia the early part of the coarse. Tho trial which ensued between Lullaby and Water Lily was all one way, the former doing everything in a splen didly run trial. Clifton Lad snowed his heels to Miss Chester, and never permitted the laiter to lend the -least help in a nice trial. Shade was not fast enough for Lady, who ran rings round her and performed artistically. .Little Lady was unsighted from slips, but once on even terms with Lord Loftus never allowed him a ghost of a show. Mango jostled Pluto, and beat him after a rare give- and-take coarse. Will o' the Wisp bad no difficulty in disposing of Gazelle in a good triaL Wae-ga Peeress, in a good give and-take trial, jast gained the fiat from Minnie, who, how ever, ran like a good greyhound, and was only jqBt beaten. Wagga Peeress killed. Man simply romped away from Juno, ana denied the least assistance from tbe latter in a grand-run trial. It was a splendid trial between Lawn Tennis and Pastime, in which the latter led and had the best of the exchanging work. After an undecided, Tbearose easily disposed of Venus in a course of almost interminable length, Thearose exhibited superior pace all through. 8eoond -Round.— Xixon led Veno 20 lengths, and did all the work, including the kill, in a long trid. After a racing hare Garnet raced dean away from (Sateless, and had the speed, all through a good course^ over Gate] ess, whose defeat was unexpected. 'Waihena had not the ghost of a chance with Thirlmere, who led the former 12 lengths, and never left the issue in doubt: * After a good struggle. Lullaby drew out for the openmg point, and going on ior a few wrenches killed, and defeated Clifton Lad pointless. Little Lady just led Lady, and, in a course of terrific length, out worked the latter, who killed, but showed palpable cunning. Mango was not nearly fast enough for Wtii o' the Wisp, who beat him at all points of a grand trid after a good hare. It was a meritorious performance on the part of Mars, who was greatly superior, both as regards pace and smartness, to Wagga Peeress, who showed prominently only once during a protracted trial. Mars ended his fine tria'l with a kill. After a short undecided, Thearose led Lawn Tennis four lengths, and beat the latter in a good exchanging trial. Third Round.— Xixon had all the pace over Garnet, who showed only for a few wrenches at the end of a good epin after a racing bare. Ten lengths separated Thirlmere firam Lullaby, when the former reached the hare. In the rest of a racing trial Thirlmere showed unmistakable superiority. Will o' the Wisp made a terrible example of Little Lady in a fairish trial, the latter sooring only die kilL Mars on the outer circle led Thearose two lengths, and using his game twice picked it up, aad won a grandly run trid. Fourth Round. — Thirlmere led, and handsomely defeated Xixon in a short spin, winding np with a kill of merit Will o' the Wisp in a fine course showed all the paoe and superior working powers ova Mara, who scored but twioe. Ulhirl mere and Will «' the Wisp, both belonging to the sama owners, divided the stake. Beaten Stakes. Pint Round.— Ohie, though slow from slips, madsup thb lost ground, and, taking selfish posses* ion, drove the bare before her to cover, a decisive winner, Wild Wave never scoring a single point of merit A wMl -contested trial followed between Trust and Wodonga, the former domg dl the early work and more than holding her own ia the exchanges. In a short spin Boy ran rings rotmd Spider, who never had an openmg, Boy ending with a smart kill. Country Lus led aad jusf as e&aily; best Giri of the Period. Second Round. — Trust was too fast tat Ohie, who, how ever, made eome good exchanges in the middle of a long course, but in the, stretches Trust was always the faster. The flag went np for Trust Country Lass and Boy were well matched for speed, but Country Laas outstayed him and had a good balance when the hare was chopped. Deciding Course. — Trust had quite four lengths advan tage of Country Lus, who appeared to advantage but twins in a short course. Goulbubh St Leger— for 16 dog puppies, fiasr MoumD, Mr. H. M'Quade's Jlaxtmiliaa, Heavy- go— Hornpipe, beat Mr. L. Cormier's Girl ot the Period, llaster Joe— Bronze irinf. Mr. L. Gormley's Gaiety, Registrar-General— Memoir, tfeat Mr. 3\. Mitchell's Magpie, Mariner — Turmoil. ' Messrs. Thorn and De Laurel's Trort, Sentry Go— JuQst,4-eat Mr. L. Gormley's Gentleman Joe, Master Joe— Brmaewca#. . Mr. H. Mortimer's Lord Carrtngtoti, My Lord — Clw, heat . Mr. BL M'Qaade'a Miss Primula, Rebellion— Lady Primula. Mr. A. L. Park's Peaceful Joe, Bashful Jerry— Blue Lookout, beat Mr. P. A. Lamb's Lioness, Mariner— Lotlypop. Mr. W. O'Brien*! Obi— Bnowden Lass, beat Mr. W. Charter's Cynic, Cassias— Terror. Mi. A. L. Park's Parade, tatiy Go— Lassie, beat Messrs. Thora and De Lauret's Wild Wave, ttomney— Needle. Mr. F. i. Mltohell's Mirth, Barmuh— Mafca, tana bye. SECOND SOUND. yyrimniaii best Gaiety | Peaceful Joe heat Obi Lord Carrington beat Trust | Parade beat Martha ott&d; aouam. Peaoefnl Joe beat Maximilian { Parade beat Lord Carringtoa. DBIDUIO COUBSB. Mr. A. L. Park's bd and w d Peaceful Joe, by Bashful Jerry— Bjus Lookout, and his f w b farada by 8cntry lio — lassie. diTided, Pjabidkiit'b Ctjp. — For 32 doga, ill igM| at £4 4s. ®*ch ; open to members of any recognised oonraug clab; winner, £35 and cup: runner-up, £16; third and fourth doge, £5 each. Closed with 16 entries. PI EST BOUffD. Mr. E. C. Hobbe's Boy Peter— Nellie, beat Mr. W. Ryan's ftmitiit Registrar-General — Rose. Mr. L. Gormley's Guess, Depend on Me— Lalage, neat Mr. W . Charter's Country Law. Mariner— Twilight. . Mr. G. Jack's Lass o* Gowrie, Lalop — Deann, against Mr. H, M'Quade's Havoc, Star— Honey Bee. drawn. Mr H. M'Quade's Master George, Sentry Go — Baroness Botns tfiild, best Mr. F. J. Mitchell's Modesty, Grenadier— Bashful . *Mr! P. A. Lamb's Crabtree, Lelcx — Daity, beat Mr. W. King Bell's See Paw, Dart-Nellie. „ Mea-rs. Thorn and De Lauret s Tam o' Shanter. 8entry Go— Juliet, beat Mr. Bromilow's Marltana, My Lord— Clio. Mr. 8. Bladon's Bounty, Lelex— Daisy, beat Mr. G. Jack s Avrahire Lassie, Lalop— Ready. T Mr. A. L. Park's Prudent Jane, Bashful Jen y— Pretty Jane, beat Mr. H. M'Quade's Cap-Ji-Pie, Star— High 8eaL SECOND 10VVD. Cues* beat Boy Master | Crab Tree beat Tam o- Bhantor George beat Lass o* Gowrie | Bouaty beat Guess THIRD E0U1TD. Cuess beat Master George | Crabtree beat Bounty DECIDING CODBSB. Mr. L. Gormley ns bk w b Guess, by Depend on Me— Lalage, teat Mr. P. A. Lamb ns bd w d Crabtree, by Lelex— Daisy. Local Stakes. PX16T BOUND. Mr. J. J. Roberts' Veno, Hector— Nancy Lee, beat Mr. w. Kingsell's Monarch, Tiger- Fly. t „ . . Mr. J. Mitchelmore's Axiom, Banagber— Harebell, beat Ue&are;* Charter and Wickham'i Bpidcr, Tambour-Major— *Mrf J?Mitchelmore»s Gayless, Gateby— Whisper, beat Mr. C. Butler's Nimrod, pedigree unknown. .... . . „ Mr. H. Purchase's Garnet, Melbourne — Opneua, neat Mr. W. MorrioCs May. General (late Power)— I*dy. Messrs. Wade and Wiles' Thirmere, Depend on Me— I^lfa, neat Messrs. Charker and Wickham's Wodonga, Bashful Jerry— Taxation. ? . , . , Mr. H. K. Wickfeteed'a Waihoa (late Wait-a-wbile), opriBjr-— Heedie, beat Mr. W. O'Brien's Faugh-a-ballagh (late Garibaldi), Telemachus— Countess. . . .. Mr. A. A. M'Innes' Lullaby, Lela — Lollrpop, beat Mr. W. Kills' Water Lily, Brookdale— Running Stream. Mr. R. T. Ball's Clifton Lad, Lad of Clifton— Hoppy, beat Mr. A. M'Donnell's Miss Chester, Wieard— Lady Chester. Mr. A. M'Donnell's Lady. Lanercost— Jessamine, beat Mr. J. CHalloran'a Shade, Darkie — Florin. _ Messrs. Thorn and De Gauret's Little Lady, Lela— Lollypop, teat Mr. H. O'Donwll's Lord Loftus, Melbourne-Kate. Mr. G. Gormley's Mango, Bannagher— Harebell, beat Mr. H. O'Donnell's Pluto, Goulburn— Kate. OI . Messrs. Wade and Wiles! Will-o'-the-Wisp, Lela-8Uter to Cassius, beat Mr. L. Graham's Garelle, Spring— Lady Chester. Mr. L. Gormley's Wagga Peeress, Re gist rar-General— Memoir, beat Mr W. Morriee's Minnie, Telemncha*— May. ^ %r ' Mr, H. Payten's Mars, Sentry-Go— Hoppy, beat Mr. J. Buckley's Juno, Bnowden—Plo, Messrs. Thorn and D. Gsuret's Tearose, Tnumpher— 1* Rose, beat Mr. J. T. Buckley's Venus, Registrar-General— Cobra di Canella. Messrs. Charker and Wickbam's Lawn Tennis. Barefoot— Ghinnie-Ghinnie, beat Mr. J. O'Halloran's Pastime, Hopmarket— Hiss Walsh. SKCOHD &OCXD.; Hixon beat Veno Will o' the 'Wisp beat Mango Garnet beat Gaitless Maro beat Wagga PeereB* Tbur'mere beat Waihena Thea Rose beat Lawn Tennis Lullaby beat Lad Clifton (1). Little Lay beat Lady TH1BD BOUHD. Hixon beat Garnet I Thurimere beat Lullaby Will-o'-the-Wisp beat little I Mars beat Thea Bose. Lady I tott&tb; bowd. Thurimere beat Hixon | Will-oMhe-Wispbeatlfar*. DECIDXye COUB8B. Meeera. Wade and Wiles' bk wd Thurimere, by Depeaa-on-Me S-Leila, and their f*d Willo'-the- Wisp divided. Beaten Dog Stakes. VIBST BOUHD. Ohei beat Wild Wave I Boy beat Spider Trust beat Wodonga I Country Lass beat Girl ot I the Period. BBCOHD BOOBS. Trust beat Ohei | Country Lass beat Boy. DF.CIDIHG COUB6B. Messrs. Thorn and De Laurel's f b Trust, by Sentry Go—Juliet, beat Mr. Chalkcr's bk w b Country Lass, by Manner— Twinght. Victorian 'Waterloo Cup. The following is the list of the nominations for the above vent, which vill take place at tho Diggers' Rent Oval, Melbourne, on July IS, 16, and 17 ? — Waterloo Cup, For 64 subscribers, at £'26 each. Winner, £500 and the Gonlet Champagne Trophy, value 60 guineas : runner up, £200: two dogs, £50 each; 'four dogs, £30 each ; eight dogs, £20 eacb; 16 dogs, £10 each. Total, £lt00, Ie.cs 5 cent., deducted for expenses. Mr. J. H. Patterson (V.) Mr. H. M'Quade (ff.S.W.) Mr. F. Neustctel (V.) Sir W. J. Clarke ( V.) Mr. W. Bailey (V.) Hon. T. Bromell (V.) Hr. A. Clarke iV.) Mr. H. Paterson (V.) Mr. John Munday (V.J Mr. G. Plant (V.) Mr. T. J. Dibdin (V.| Mr. W. Watson (V.) Mr. Colin M'Culloch (V.) Mr. E. Lee (N.8.W.) Mr. U. E. Lord (N. S. W.) Mr. W. K. Thomson (V.) , Mr. J. B. Scott (V.) Mr. H. Fraaer ( V ) Mr. Adam Smith (8. A.) Mr. 8. BmlthJV.) j Mr. H. K. Falklner (T.) Mr. A. Bell (V.) ! Mr. D. C. Collard (V.) Mr. R. R. Oliver fV.) Mr. P. Quinliran ( V.) Mr. C. Inman (V.) Mr. W. R. Hall (N. 8. W.) Mr. A. fiwan (V .) Mr. 6, Wills (V.) Mr. D. Jones (V.) Mr. L. C. Lawford (V.) Mr. J. M«Bae(V.) Mr. R. CbirnsSde(V.) Mr. 8. Renwick (V.) Mr. R. K. Montgomerie (V.) Mr. W. Thomson (V.) Mr. G. T. Hammond (V.) Mr. F. Tilley (V.) , Mr. J. Durose (V.) Mr. A. L. Park (N.8/W.) 1 Mr. C. Pearce (8. A.) Mr. W. Paterson (V.) Mr. John Cookson (V.) Mr. F. B. Harris (8.A.) Mr. J. T. Taylor (V.) Mr. A. Town (N.S.W.) Hon. W. M'Culloch (V.) Messrs. W. and J. Lee Mr. A. Forrester (V.) (N.8.W.) Mr. James M'Culloch (V.) Mr. J. Proctor (V.) Hon. W. B. RounseTeU(S.A.) Mr. A. R. Robertson (V.) Mr. J. Williams (V.) Mr. R. Donovan (VJ Mr. B. Hepburn (V.) Mr. C. D. Straker (V.) Mr. G. Whittingham (V.) Mr. A. Balme (N.S.W.) Mr. 3. Wolstraholme (V.) Mr. D. L. Bereridgs (T.) Mr. David Davis (V.) Mr. John Thomas (V.). Mr. H, Gore (V.) . The new Dominations we : — . Mr. J. H. Patterson, (V.) Mr. 3. M'Rae (V.) Mr. F. Neustctel (V.) Mr. J. Proctor (?.) Mr. T. J. Dibdin (V.) Mr. A. R. Robertson (V.) Mr. Colin M'Culloch (V.) Mr. R. Donovan (V.) Hr. P. Qulnlivan (V.) Mr, C, D. Btraker (V.) Mr. G. T. Hammond (V.) Mr. A. Balme (N.8.W.) Mr. J. Durose (V.) Mr. D. L. Beret id ge (T.) Mr. J. Williams (V.) Mr. J. Thomas (V.) Hr. O. Tnman (V.) Mr. R. R. Oliver (V.) The retiring nominations are : — Mr. M. Adamson (V.) Mr. G. Mayger (V.) Hr. W. P. Buchanan (Y!) Mr. A. Oliver (V.) Mr. T. Chadwick (V.) Mr. J. Robertson Mr. 3. W. Crosbie (V.) Mr. F. Woodhouse (V.) Mr. A. Davies (V.) Mr, W. Cooper (N.S.W.) \- Dr. Fethenton (V.) Mr. Wal. Lamb (N.S.W.) Mr. O. Goodrich (V.) Mr. W, Long (N.S.W,) Mr, J. B. Hamilton (V.) -Mr. R. L. Tooth (N.S.W.) Hr. J.Kemp (V.) 