I TJIR NEWMARKET HANDICAP AND AUSTRALIAN cur. The weights for the above important back in! mining ups was dull have it tested by Mr 1 1 illumined 1 early in the afternoon the imposts placed on several of the cruel s ooze 1 out and unions were the opinions passed thereon at flu A letter in Club Commenced" Mills the Vtuvuirl et Handicap, however the Heights ful i n wide range, mining, from Malua at 10st. Ill) down to the new li handicap minimum of ( at First year it will be resumed are 1 Mulla in the list b, till the six furlongs in 1m lies the fastest time on r co I next to him as" he Tullid (bat 10lb and Clap ip (7st, 12th ) line near the Melbourne up here comes the two placed horses that finished behind him till mi I 8st Dib re spectacle ever list in. and we therefore I make that either lit and well on the days, more especially Claptrap holds the living and all round Son of "St. Albans sale. Wei borne Jack with his splendid credentials is well in at '14st. 7lb but Colstoun and flurry me sure of cm sighted Passing by Archie, Moore. Chuckster, Garfield, and Canuck, Sat 10lb is likely to suit Boolka over three quarters of a mile, whilst we do not know which will be the best of Jiojal Irishman or Countryman at bat (lib "lately is not brilliant enough over the Y C course but Middlemarch, after his great form at Caulfield and Flemington, must not be passed lightly by with 8st lib We consider Umberto and Mistake leniently treated, both being fast over a short course, no matter what the weight, and of the bottom weights, Berkeley is up to his eyes in it with 6st 10lb 'N e hear great opinions of the Tasmanian horses Bonnie Scotland and Bonnie Dundee, but events in the insular colony next month will demonstrate whether the two sons of St Albans are up to taking their part in a big affair like the Newmarket Handicap the Australian Cup is eight run from lOst wish to bat., the former natures being attached to Commotion lins seems a li em j weight even for a stud or like the magnificent son of funds, but if not kept for the Champion stakes, he will as heretofore, be capable of Linn.; anything in the race a stone or more. we become Jack and Le Grand have 121. the better of Commotion, but we shall pass both be in favour of the Plunger, who made a great show in last Melbourne Cup with 8st 3lb, when far from well Coriolanus is wonderfully well in with 8st. 5lb and if he cannot run from end to end with the M eight, he will never more be the animal he was when he defeated Commotion and selling ton in the Champion stakes three years ago Passing over some others, are now come to Ringwood, a "real weight carrier over any distance. the Ballarat horses form at the V 1Î.C &pnngMeeting;,oveihurdlesnnd on the Hat was something rarely been as the first instance he carried 12st, 8lb to victory, and in the Veteran Stakes finished third to Kit it bubbles, and 1 rj mean It ith 8st. -'lb in a sea of mud He has now been apportioned 7st 8lb Precious Stone even with 7st 8lb will find the distance too far, but it Despot ever has to earn his laurels and do his long suffering backers a good turn at one and same time, he study never will have a better chance of done, the trick than with 7s The following are the weights for the New market Handicap and Australian Cup The first forfeit is to be declared on Monday next - MsHMIItkET HANDICAP Run Catii February A handicap an oopstakes of 20 sons each 10 ft. or 3 sets only if declared to the secretary of the A 11 C. A J C or SA J C before pm on Monday in February truth lOOaddod lorSjrs old and up wards The second horse to receive TO sons, and the third 20 sovs out of the stake Three quarters of a mile. Second forfeit(7sots)to be declared and paid to the secretary of the A R.C A.J C, or S A J C , before 4 p in on Thursday, "(19th Feb quarry or the nominator will be liable for balance of sweepstakes (17 sons ) Malua Le Grand Welcome Jack Colstoun hurricane Archie Mozart Chuokstor France Garfield M ant lok Boolka Battailous Soldier Boy bed of the Hills Sir Garnet Royal Irishman Country man Blink Bonny lately Prometheus Coningsby Dirk Hatteraick Ironmaster Helene Meteor Middlemarch Duenna 1 Anglesey Rocket Topic The Ghost Little Sister Meander line; of the Gap sons Kings Omi Napier The Beit el Anchor! to Minerva Silver King Umberto Mistake Claptrap Clio Dictator Paillcroo Lord Milton Surprise Amelia Victoria Sheet Anchor st. Hi 10 4 0 10 8-13 6-13 8-12 8 11 8 11 8 10 8 10 Bis Bis Too Loo Salts Chloe The Andes Achilles Sara banda Scaramouche I again Cal Sunday The Broken Sirocco St John LspeiBIo Hobart Buckingham Anarchy Alphabet Country Boy it velocipede Mascotte Town 11 Moor First Love Lavington Babieca Lucky Hit Coronet Manfred Nantit po Prince Imperial Bohemian Berkeley Hannibal Surry Lniilliis Premature kingship Bonnie Scotland Bonnie Dundee His Worship Was eric (A estbuty Marie I also Leporello st lb 7 7 (5 12 G 100 10 « 10 G G U 4 1 aside Lintern 6 2 Nuncio 6 0 Rebus U 0 Claudine 6 0 Mookra 6 0 button 6 0 Warbler 0 0 AUSTRALIAN CUP Run 5th March A handicap six cepstakes of 20 shot each 10 for G Sovs only if declared to the secretary of the V H C. A. I C or S A.J C before 4 p) m on Monday 20 I february truth TOO added For 3 j is old and up wards. The handicap weight of the bar Inner of the V R C St Leger to be not less than 7st 5lb and the winner of any handicap of the value of 100 sets after the declaration of the tin eights to carry the extra, of the 0 or more such races rib extra The second horse to receive 100 sons, and the third fOsots. out of the stake Two miles and a quarter Second forfeit (5 Sovs ) to be declare 1 and paid to the secretary of the ï K.C A B C or AJC before 4 pm on Thursday 20th i el ruary or the nominator will be liable for balance of sit separates 15sec so Commotion Le Grand A welcome Jack Thom lunger Guesswork Off Colour Sardius Coriolanus Chuckster Madcap Warn lok Colstoun Garfield Rufus David sir Garnet Kit Nubbles Hilltop Blink Bonny Anchorite Bingil ood Precious Stone Dirk Uatteraick King's Own fit. lb 10 4 5 6 7 11 7 11 7 10s Silver lung 1 Prime Minister Prometheus Sheet Anchor Anglesey The Broker 19 almanacs King, of the Gipsies Helene Quality Buckingham DoBpot Hobart Pilot Signor Brown and Rose Bonnie Dundee 1 since Imperial Coronet Acolj to Minors The knave Sheets Storuattaj st lb 7 9 7 G THE HORSHAM RACES. (BY TELEGRAPH From OUR CORRESPONDENT.) HORSHAM, MONDAY. The following are the nominations for the Horsham races, to be run on the 19th February : HURDLE RACE. Mr. R Falkiner br m Fallacy, aged I Mr. Geo. Bell's b g Misty Morn aged I Mr. Geo. Bell's R G Artist, 0 j rs I Mr. Geo. Pyers s b g Progress, 6 yrs Mr. Geo. Nisbet's br m Shaun ock, aged 1 Mr. Geo. Nisbet's ch g Royal). agent Mr. P. Barratt's bar Trinket, aged Mr. W. R. Peck's b h Pacific, aged Mr. W. Jones's br g Rainbow Mr. N. Rogers's br h Gambier, aged 7 Mr. P. Healey b p; Councillor, aged I Mr. John Mott's b g Peter, aged Mr. P. Healey's br g Nigger, sired Mr. Wm. Mitchell's b g Nuisance, aged. HORSHAM CUP. Mr. J. Cameron's b m Gazelle, and Mr. R. Falkiner's!! br y Doubtful Jack, aged Mr. A. J, Ifonkiíiíj't. b g Reindeer, 5 yrs Mr. W. H. Davies ch m Era, 0 are Mr, K Jewell's br g King George, 3 yrs Mr. George Pycrs's b L Progress, (J yrs Mr George Fycra's b 2 Nelly Way, 4 I am Mr V. M'Clintock's by li Salisbury, aged Mr. W. M'Clintock b f Lady Wilson, 4 yrs Mr. P Barratt's his Too Mr 0 as Mr. W. H. Feet's b h Pacific, aged Mr. W. Jones's br g Rainbow, aged Mr. N. Rogers's br h Gambier, aged Mr P. Beale 's be of Neither, 5 i rs, Mr. A. Meredith's br m Cinderella, aged. CRICKET. A match was played on Saturday between the team of cricketers from the Maloga Mission h la Lion and the Camberwell First eleven, on the ground of the late. i, at Lamburwcl., which, after a close and tAcitieK finish, resulted in a win for the visitors by 17 runs, the score. being Mologa (102), Lambert ill (by), the fall of CamhuTU el s last war I to him. the. signal for a general round of applause. for the stable he was victor. During the afternoon collection was inside amount and laid rails responded to by the spectators, from which, after paying the railway and other expenses of the visiting team, the Camberwell force I laid was enabled to hand to their captain J trade balance _ YACHTING TRIDENT AMA! LU li YACHT CLUB The sixth match for the Ladies' Trophy was billed at Albert park Lake on Saturday afternoon, the two > adits drawn to compete being' Mr. ¡btabback s Cygnet, and Mr. Cook's Kelpie There was a strong southerly wind blowing. When the train was find to start, they both got away together, but on rounding the first buoy Kelpie took the lead, and during the beat to windward, increased the distance between them. After rounding St Kilda Island, and during,: the run down. Cygnet somewhat gained on her opponent, but during the second and third rounds no alteration took place, with the exception that the Kelpie considerable increased her lead, and small', won by four minutes Time, In 21st Mr Morkham acted as starter and mine 