IJiteratare. OCTAVE OF SHORT STORIES BT THE FOLLOWING DISTINGUISHED AUTHORS; WILLIAM BLACK THOS. HARDY MISS BRADDON JOSEPH HATTON RHODA BROUGHTON MRS. OLIPHANT WILKIE COLLINS 'OUIDA.' CUT BY THE COUNTY. A NOVEL. By M. E. BRADDON, Author of ' Lady Audley's Secret,' ' Phantom Fortune,' &c.; IPoblished by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] Chapieb IV. — ' Life Stifling Feab, Soci-stifling Shame.' Grace spent the day in apprehension, expect ing some sign from her betrothed— a letter delivered secretly — a messenger asking to see tier— some token that lie was near at hand, and had come to that neighborhood on her account. As the day wore on without bringing any such token her fears and perplexities in creased rather than diminished. She thought that he was lying- somewhere; under a hedge j or to leeward of a haystack perhaps ; too ilL too I creak to crawl to a better shelter ; helpless, =j penniless, friendless, sick, and dying ; while' she who had sworn to cherish and love him ! was lolling in aluxnrious easy chair, beside the bright hearth in her dainty little den, sur rounded by hothouse flowers, and new books, and an Erard piano, and all the best and prettiest things that money can bny. Her generous tender heart, the heart which grieved even for slaughtered foxes, was sorely tortured by the picture of his destitution,- by . the bitter contrast between her fate and his. It -was not because she loved him that she was so ead for his sake. * She no longer loved him. That foolish, romantic fancy . of hers, born of the idleness of a schoolgirl's life in a strange land, that childish dream had died long ago. 3For nearly a year past that secret engagement had been a terror and burden for her. She had longed ardently for some way of escape. She prayed that her godfather might succeed in undoing the knot she had tied for herself. Tet . she could not put away the vision of that pale face, those haggard eyes and hollow cheeks; a face which to her troubled imagination seemed like the image of death itself. All through the long afternoon she sat in her own room expectant, anxious, much too anxious to employ herself in any way, trembling at every footstep in the corridor, lest it should announce a messenger from Camillac. Five, six, seven o'clock struck from her 'little time piece, and still there was no news. She had not gone down to afternoon tea, shrinking' from the sight of her father and Lady Darnel ; but fine knew that she must go down to dinner, or eke excite everybody's wonder. She was not the kind of girl to take to her bed after an early run with the hounds. So she dressed and went down to the drawing-room, and went in to dinner with the rest of the family, and sat in torture all dinner-time, expecting every tame a footman approached her that he was coming to deliver some mysterious message. Bat the dinner came to an end, and no such message xeachedher. Sir Allan began to yawn directly they got back to the drawing-room. He had been np to London and back the day before — he had been in the saddle at half-past four that morning. The colonel and Grace yawned in concert. - It (pas a chorus of stifled yawns. 'If you hnntingpeopleare so sleepy yon had really better go to bed,' exclaimed Djra irri tably. She was one of those objectionable persons who are never sleepy. She was in the habit of playing classical music -to the family of an evening, and liked her people to listen and admire. 'Dora is right,' said Sir Allan. 'I am only a nuisance here, so I'll sav sood night.' The colonel and Grace followed Fuit. Lady Darnel said she had some letters to write, and would go to her own room to write them. She knew that even when he was sleeping her husband liked her to be near him ; and her pretty morning- room adjoined his bed room. 'You won't mind my deserting you, will | you, Dora?' she asked sweetly, knowing that Miss Darnel dstested early hours. Dora replied in her blandest tones. She could amuse herself for an hour or two with Beethoven if the noise of the piano would not disturb them upstairs. 'We shall not hear it, but it would be very ' sice if we did,' said Lady Darnel. j .They all went away, and Dora had the i spacious drawing-room all to herself. It was i brightened by a glowing fire of coal and logs, and by the light of lamps under colored shades, and it was beautified by masses of hot-house bloom in great majolica jars of blue and j yellow, and dull Indian red. It was in all respects as delightful a room as the heart of woman could desire; and yet its spacious ness gave an idea of desolation and abandon ment when only one person was left in occupa tion. ] Dora began a rondo of Beethoven's, but she played listlessly, without fire, without expres sion, and before she had played three pages her fingers were lying idle on the keys as the player sank into a deep reverie. She was roused from her thoughtful abstrac tion by a sound on the terrace outside — a sound that seemed 1'ke the tread of feet upon the gravel. She ran to one of the windows and lifted the edge of the blind, and looked out into the darkness, with her face close against the glass. The night was pitchy dark. She could see nothing. Then she opened the casement and listened intently for some minutes, but there was so recurrence of the tound which had startled tier. Still she was not satisfied. She rang for a servant, and told him to go out upon the terrace and see if there was auyone lurking about. 'I certainly heard footsteps,' she said, ' about ten minutes ago/' The footman had a faintly incredulous air, though he was too well bred to express his un belief. He went into the hall, slowly and laboriously withdrew the bolts of the great door, strolled out upon the terrace, and walked about threeyards in each direction. The night fpas so dark that a regiment might have been In ambush at either end of the terrace, and the footman would have been none the wiser. He came back %o the drawing-room and assured Miss Darnel that there was not a mortal on the terrace or in the Italian garden; and. then he went back to die servants' hall and enlarged upon Miss Darnel's fidgetty, prying ways and .' love of. late hoars ,whiie he finished his sapper. ' ~ i, vt suppose she'll keep me hanging abont till Malt after eleven before £ can take those lamps \- ^^y»'Jh6Brnmbled. ?' . df2?:*B8 siearjy eleven,- and Sir Allan had not yfySonetobed. He had taken off his coat emMri!^ --n ^ Joose velvet -jacket, and was vnuuong * dgaeettg jn j^ wife's morning-' room. He always enjoyed being alone with ] her, always had something particular to say to her, some scheme or arrangement to discuss. He never knew weariness in her society, and even to-night, tired as he was, he was loth . to go to bed without the customary talk. Since yesterday his mind had been full of -the Italian trip. 'And you are glad to go away with me ?' he said. '* Very, very glad. More glad than I can say.' '* In that case you onght not to have waited for the doctor's orders. Directly you felt a yearning- for change of scene you ought to have told me to take you away.' 'I could not be so selfish, Allan, knowing how fond you are of DarneL' ' I am fond of no place in which you are not happy.' 'I have been very happy here — with you.' 'Yes, you hare been — at first, perhaps. You were happy here, and so was I — completely happy in the beginning of a new life. But you have not been happy lately, Clare. There has been something weighiug on your miud, and I have a shrewd suspicion that it is the polar atmosphere of Darnel that has been freezing my darling's tender heart.' ' Ob, Alias, how can you think me so weak. 'What other society can I want when I have you?' But Sir Allan had made up his mind upon the subject. ''Women are sensitive upon small matters,' he £aid. 'Never niiud, mydt?ar. We shall be far away fiom the people who have slighted you next week, beside the blue waters of the Mediterranean. The money is ready there in that cabinet — four hundred in circular notes, and we can have plenty more when that is spent. Our Italian tour will be like a second honeymoon ; and it shall be a long honey moon.' XLC UpcJJCU LUC UtlUlUCb WUUC JUG ** «*O (jdrll^XUg, and pulled out a drawer inside. It was an old Italian cabinet in ebony and ivory, full of curious little drawers and recesses. From one of the drawers Sir Allan took out the bundle of bank notes, and looked at them and fingered them like a child with a new toy, longing to be off and away, scattering those notes at hotels and in the smart little shops of gay continental watering-places. He meant this journey with his second wife to be one of delight for them both— for her the delight of strange places and lovely scenery ; for him, the rapture of seeing her happiness. He had written to an old club house chum to secure a good courier. Lady Darnel would take her maid, and he his faith ful old valet. Grace was young enough to shift for herself. He put the notes back into the open drawer, and took the revolvers from one of the recesses. They were packed in a neat little Kussia leather case. He opened it and took out the pistols, and descanted upon their beauty. ' They are the prettiest things I have seen for an age,' he said. 'I hope you may have no occasion to use them Allan,' answered his wife, averting her eyes with a look of fear. ' You don't like to see them in my hand V I have a horror of all firearms. ' My dearest, I forgot,' he cried, puttingthe revolver whichhe had been examining back into its case. He felt angry with himself for talking of the wretched thing, rememberingthatdark chapter in Clara's life in which again agun had done such dreadful work. His cigarette was finished by this time. He bent down to kiss his wife as she sat at the writing-table. ' You will not stay up too late, dear ?' he said. ' No, I have only a couple of letters to write — one to the dear old vicar to tell him of our change of plan. He was to have come to us for a week before Christmas, don't you know?' ' Of course. He must come to us next May instead.' He went to the bedroom which opened out of this sanctum of Lady Darnel's, and left his wife bending over her desk, in the light of the read ing lamp. There was a large fire in the old fashioned basket grate, such a fire as a well trained servant always makes on a mild even ing, as if it were required to roast an ox, or, at least, a baron of beef. Oncoming into the room just now Lady Darnel's first Impulse had been to open one of the windows. They were French casement windows opening on to a broad wooden balcony, which was always well fur nished with flowers summer and winter. At this season there were boxes of mignonette among the autumn flowers, and the perfume floated into the room on the cool night air. Sir Allan left the pistol case open upon the centre table, amongst a litter of magazines and newspapers. He had been too well waited on all his life ever to have acquired the habit of putting things away. He left everything to be cared for by that inferior race, whose duty it is to follow in the footsteps of a grand seigneur, and to protect his property from the. conse quences of his own carelessness. When her husband was gone Clare Darnel looked up at the clock on the mantelpiece. It was five minutes past eleven. She could hear doors being shut upon the ground floor; all the sounds of a household retiring for the night. ? - ? ? ? 'I can take an hour before midnight,' she said to herself, as she began her letter to the friend of her childhood, that one trusted friend from whom she had no secrets. She had not been writing ten minutes when the window which she had left ajar was slowly pushed open, and a man stepped noiselessly into the room. She heard no footfall on the velvet pile, but went on writing, calm, beauti ful in the lamplight, an image of domestic peace, the firelight shining on the dark folds of her satin gown. For some moments she wrote on, while the man stood watching her, holding his breath. Then she* heard his breath ing, short and quick, like a dog's. She looked up in sudden fear, and saw a tall wasted figure in a worn-out velveteen coat, a haggard face looking down at her. It was her husband's face as she had seen it many a time after dissipated habits had rained his health. It was her son's face, aged by seven years' apprenticeship since she had last looked upon those features. It was the face of the man whom Colonel Stukely and Grace had seen on the common. ' Valentine !' she ejaculated in a half whis per, wringing her hands. 'How can you come here — like a thief in the night?' 'How else can I come? It is the only fashion in which I am allowed to enter my mother's house.' ' It is not my house. It is Sir Allan's house ; and you have no right to enter it without his permission. Oh, my God, what has come to you? How have you fallen into this despicable state — after the sums of money that I have sent you?' 'Tens and twenties dribbled out at odd times and seasons,' answered her son sulkily. ''Money given in that fashion never does a man mucn gooa. j. wanted capital, to stare in a new line. I had all manner of golden oppor tunities if you would havehelpedme asl wanted you to help me at the right moment. But it was always the same story. You feared to trust me with a large sum of money. You, Lady Darnel, mistress of this house, talked of five hundred pounds as if it were half a million. You know my disposition too well. The usual preachment. You would send me twenty pounds a month, and I must contrive to live respectably upon it. Do you think in this go a head age a man can get a fair start in life upon a capital of five pounds.' 'I have sent you fifties and hundreds for your debts.' 'Yes, when I was on the brink of dangers that would have brought disgrace upon you and your swell husband.' 'Valentine, how have you come to such a, pass?' asked his mother waving aside his reproaches, which were not new to her. ' You look like a beggar.' 'I look like what I am,' he answered sul lenly. ' I have had a run of bad luck — cards, horses, everything has gone wrong with me. Other men— cads, with half my brains — can win fortunes. I, with three tunes their education, only risk my wretched pittance to lose it. Do you think' a man of my temper could be content to live upon -five pounds a week while there was a gaming table or a racecourse in the world on which he could try to quadruple on it ? ** A gambler, Valentine ! Another of your father's vices.' ' What else do I inherit from him ? Not money, or position. And your d ? cleverness depiived me of even his name. I am always bemg asked to what Stuarts I belong? What account can I give of myself, do you think ? I would rather have been free to answer, *I am Valentine Mackenzie, the son of a man who drank himself mad, and shot the sentry at Malliw.'' ' You aie cruel to the last degree— cruel to reduce yourself to this degraded position — cruel to creep into this house — cruel to me now as you were cruel when you were a boy — as your father was before you,' said Clare Darnel, ; beside herself with the agony of her fears, 'you \- have no right in this house, where there are trnly good people, people who fear God and respect themselves. You do neither. I say you' have no right here.' ' And I tell you that wherever my mother is I nave a right to be. I ^suppose you have kept mv existence a secret. Your swell husband does not even know there is such a person; but by hf aven he shall know.' He spoke in a hoarse, muffled voice, which grew louder with his indignation agains fate and his' mother. At any moment that sound of voices might awaken Sir Allan -in the next room. Clare hurried to the door of communica tion. It was shut. She drew across a velvet curtain which draped the door, and which would help to keep out the sound of those agitated voices. . ' He knowsthat I had a son,' she said, ' but when I married him I believed that you were dead, that you had been lost in the Erl King. Although all the happiness of my life depended upon that marriage I would not have married him if I'had known that you were living. No, - ' by heaven, I loved him too well to bring such a enreeupon him as a stepson with your vices.' 'Well, he has me and my vices ; and he and you had better make the best of me. What are you going to do for me, mother?' the tender name was uttered with a cynical laugh. 'What can I do. If I give you money you will throw it away on a racecourse or at a gambling table ; whatever I do for you it all comes to the same thing-. You will drink, | squander, and degrade yourself to the condition ' in which you come to me to- night, the condition of a beggar.' | 'Because you never give me enough money. ? Give me a round sum — three or four hundred I pound, for instance— that would start me in a new country.' 'How often have you talked of starting afresh, promised to begin a new life?' questioned his mother bitterly. I gave you a hundred pounds to furnish an apartment in Paris. You were to study art, jou were to live as other students live there— cheaply, unpre tentiously — till you could earn your own main tenance. For a few months things seemed to be going well with you. I hoped you were living comfortably on the twenty pounds a month which I sent you. Then came a long story of difficulties, debts of honor, a mys terious entanglement which might lead to ex posure in the newspapers, and I had to send another hundred pounds. You have drained me of the income my generous husband settled on me, and which I told him was three times too much for my wants. I have been sneered at, talked about, for spending so little money, for dressing less handsomely than other women in my position dress.' ' You look an object of compassion at this moment,' said her son, surveying her with a diabolical sneer. Her. plainly-made black sa'in dinner-gown, becoming in' its severe simplicity, seemed to him the height of luxury. It was not for him to know that the gown had been worn two winters. Men of his stamp always think a woman is well enough dressed as long as her gown holds together. The wives of such men are supposed to have no right of complaint while their clothes are wind and weather proof. Lady Darneljtook her portemonnaie from her pocket. ''Here are six sovereigns and some silver, Valentine,' she said, offering him the contents; ' all 1 have in the world, or am likely to have, until Christmas.' He took the money carelessly, indifferently. ' It will be very little good,' he said, 'be- yond getting me a week'6 lodging, a slop suit in which 1 shall look a little worse than in these rags. I tell you that what I want — the only thing that can do me any good— is a round sum of money. I know of a splendid opening. A Mend of mine owns a vineyard near Cadiz. It only wants working to produce as fine a sherry as the best that is made in the district. And he would take me into partner ship if I could give him three or four hundred on the nail, and could pledge myself to produce as much more a year hence. That would mean, not a beggarly pittance, but a trade, a fortune. You would not be ashamed to own a wholesale dealer in Spanish wines for your son. The trade is reputable, even if the wines are doctored. Come, mother, don't tell me you can't find this money. You have but to ask Sir Allan.' ' I will not ask him. No, Valentine, even if I believed in the possibility of your redemption I would not ask that generous man to give me more money, when of his own accord he has given me three times too much for all my reason able requirements. But I have no hope of your reform. I know that if I gave you three hundred pounds to-night it would go just as the other money has gone. The utmost I will do for you, the uttermost that duty constrains me j to do is to provide you with the means of living ! decently from week to week. That I will do, j and no more. And even to do that I shall - have to borrow money. Your demands have . completely exhausted my resources.' j ' v ery good. Then I must have recourse to i some one else. There is a lady in this house ! upon whom my claim is second only to my j claim upon you.' j 'A lady in this house !' repeated Clare, ' aghast with wonder. . 'Grace Darnel is my_ affianced wife. I be- ; lieveaman has some kind of claim upon the woman who has promised to marry him.' : ' My step- daughter, Grace, affianced to you, to you, Valentine Mackenzie ! You must be mad to say such a thing.' I The statement may sound preposterous, but it is true. Miss Darnell took it into her head to work at the Louvre just at the time I was working there. You think very likely that I never did so work, that my art education was altogether a sham. But there you belie me. I worked honestly enough till I got sick of an impossible profession. No matter. I was attracted by the young lady's appearance, was able to pay her some small attention, and saw that she was pleased with me, I contrived to question her duenna. I heard that she was Miss Darnel, of Darnel Park, an heiress. The imbroglio became interesting, and I determined to try my chances with Miss Darnel, whom I really admired more than any girl I had seen ? for an age.' 'What an honor for Grace !' 'I contrived to get upon confidential terms with her, and soon found the key to her heart. She is a generous high-spirited girl, full of romance. Just the girl to think the world well lost for love.. We were desperately in love with each other. A sharp attack of — of — an ' old complaint of mine brought me to death's door.' 'Was it your father's malady, the dire disease that comes from intemperance, Valen tine ? ' asked his mother, looking at himintently, seeing only too plainly in his haggard face the same indications which she had seen so often in the face of her dead husband. 'No matter what it was, I wrote to Miss Darnel from my sick bed. She answered as a true-hearted girl might be expected to answer. I She promised to be my wife. I have that pro- . mise under her own hand. She will be of age , in a year. And as soon as she is of age and ' her own mistress I shall claim the fulfilment of that promise.' j ' Does she know who you a re ?' | ' ' Well, not exactly. When you are in Some do as the Romans do, says the proverb. When I was in Paris I was a Frenchman. One alias is as good as another. In Paris I was not Valentine Stuart but Victor de Camillac.' *' And you come to this house — an adven turer, an impostor, a swindler — to claim- the promise made by a credulous girl, your dupe and victim. You, my son, would do this thing? This is the deepest disgrace you have threatened me with yet !' 'It is for you to work ont the problem so as to avoid disgrace. Give me three or four hundred pounds and I will start for Cadiz to morrow, to return a year hence as a respectable merchant and to claim my betrothed. She will pardon my change of name and nationality, if I can stand before her as a gentleman and your son. She is so fond of you that the relationship will be an additional claim to her regard.' ' Do not think that I will ever sanction any engagement between you and Grace. Not if you could struggle out of the abyss into which your degrading habits have sunk you — not even if you could come here in outward seem ing a gentleman. Never would I sanction the union of that good and true- hearted girl with your father's son. The cup of despair which I drained to the dregs shall never be offered to her while I have power to prevent that infamy. Sir Allan knows what you were as a boy. If the worst come to the worst he shall know what you are as a map. ' ' Wouldn't it be wiser for your own sake- if ' you were to temporise — let me go to Spain, work out my own redemption, and return i worthy of Grace^-and of you. I will do it, mother, if you will trust me.' He laid his hand upon his mother's shoulder, he looked at her pleadingly as she stood with clasped hands, an image of despair. It was the first tune that he had touched her since they entered ; he, the son whom she had not seen for seven years. 'I cannot trust you,' she answered, not in unkindness, but in despair. 'I have been too often deceived. I know your nature too well. I will do what I can for you, but it_ must be in my own way. Oh, Valentine, why do you follow in the fatal road that your father trod to his doom? The habits of the drunkard and the gambler ruined him, and they will ruin you if you do not reform. Think of his dreadful end— a murderer, a lunatic. Be warned in tune. No, my poor son, it is not yet too late. I will help you. I will visit you, befriend you in every way, if yen will only show a real purpose of amendment. And now, for pity's sake, leave this house before Sir Allan overhears anything. Are you lodging in the village?' 'I have been lodging under hedges and hay stacks since yesterday evening. When I landed at Newhaven yesterday morning I had just enough to pay for a third-class ticket to London and another third-class ticket to Ssad leigh. I have been roaming about ever since with empty pockets and an empty stomach, watching* for a chance of an interview with you or Grace.' ''Thank God, you did not see Grace — in this dreadful plight. Poor creature — jioor unhappy boy,' said Lady Darnel, glancing at the clock. ' Ten minutes to twelve ; they will hardly have gone to bed at the Coach and Horses, for they seldom close until after eleven. You had better go there and get a room for the night. There is a sheltered lane at the back of the inn garden — a narrow lane with tall ? hedges. I will meet you there at seven to-morrow morning, and we can talk quietly, we can make some plan for your future. And now, go. There is not a ! moment to be lost if you want to get shelter : to-night.' { '? 1 don't wan't to sleep uuder a hedge,' he , said sullenly, moving slowly towards the j window, reluctant, undecided. I At this moment the door leading into the ! corridor was opened a little way, and a sweet i girlish voice said, 'Mother, are you still up?' '.??'. . Lady Darnel rushed to the door, and met Grace before shecould enter the room. .'Yes, deaf child,' she eaid, going out into the corridor, and shutting the door behind her. 'Oh, Grace, why are you not in bed? It is close upon midnight, and you were up at ^our.' -'I couldn't sleep a wink if I went to bed. Mayn't I come into your room for a few minutt.s'cnat-' 'Not .to- night. It is too late.' ' How i?ale you are, mother ! Are you ill V 'No, no, .not ill,_only a little tired. I have sat up too lout,'- Now, Grace, I shall take you back to your ro^m, and you must go to bed instantly.' The girl was hi her dressing- gown, her splendid brown hair hanging loose upon her shoulders. Lady Darnel put her ana round her and led her along the corridor. Grace's and the visitors' rooms were at the end of the house, just beyond those inhabited by Sir Allan and Lady Darnel. These three had ex clusive occupation of this southern wing. The central portion of the first floor was taken up by a picture gallery and a billiard room. Miss Darnel's rooms were in the northern wing. 'What has made you so wakeful, Gracie?' asked Clare, when she had taken the girl back to her room. Grace hesitated for a few moments, looking at the ground and playing nervously with the lace frilling of her dressing-gown. She was longing to tell all her troubles to her stepmother, yet dared not. Fear of her father's anger kept her dumb. ' Oh, I don't know,' she said. ' Perhaps it was the exciting idea of our Italian tour. At any rate, I couldn't sleep, and I thought if you were up I should like to have a talk. But you are too tired, and you ought to go to bed. You are as white as a ghost.' 'Yes, lam very tired. Good night,- dear child.' 'Goodnight, mother,' and with an affec tionate kiss they parted. Lady Darnel did not go back to her room im mediately. She wanted time — first to be sure that Grace did not follow her; secondly to recover her coolness of brain, to consider quietly and calmly, if possible, what was to be done with this foolish son of hers. He would have gone when she went back to her room, perhaps ; or if he had not gone she would be better able to reason with him after a few minutes' quiet. She walked up and down the corridor two or three times thinking deeply, trying to hit upon some line of conduct which might save Grace and reclaim the prodigal. Grace must on no account know that her lover was in the neighborhood. Girls are so foolish. His wretched condition would appeal to her pity. There is no knowing into what foolishness she might be entrapped. The stable clock and the church clock struck twelve— the last with silvery solemn td*ne heard from far across the elms and oaks, the dells and slopes where the cattle were lying at rest. Lady Darnel took one turn more. 'Hark! What can that be ?' No doubt as to what it was. The renort of a pistol. What it meant was another thing. For a moment or so Clare Darnel stood motionless with terror. Then there came the thud of a. heavy fall. ' It is in my room,'' cried Clare, beside her self with apprehension, remembering the re volvers in their case on the table, the open case with dark-red velvet lining glowing in the lamplight. She had looked at it absently while Valentine was talking to her — looked at it with mind so abstracted as never to consider how fatal a thing a revolver may be. ' He has killed himself !' she cried distrac tedly. She rushed to her room, tearing at the door with convulsive bands which made the mere turning of the handle seem a work of time and difficulty. She expected to see her reprobate eon stretched upon the floor and weltering in his blood. She knew not that a worse evilhad befallen her. She went into the room. The casement was wide open, and the night wind was blowing in, scattering the papers on her writing table. The dobrway leading into the bedroom was open, the velvet portiere pulled aside, and Allan Darnel was lying across the threshold, bleeding, dead, as his wife thought, in the supreme agony of that moment. While she stood looking at him, with clasped hands, his daughter rushed into the room, and saw what had happened. Chapter V.— 'As feosi a Dream of Mubdee.' Grace's shrieks rang through the silent house. The wife flung herself on the ground by her husband's side, voiceless, in a dumb agony, clinging to the prostrate form, kissing the pallid face, imploring for a word, a look. He was loosely dressed in trousers and velvet dressing-gown, dressed like a man who had risen hastily at a strange sound, prepared to face a midnight intruder. His wife openei his dressing-gown and laid her ear against his breast. Yes, the heart was beating still, feebly as it seemed to her, a beat which might dwindle into silence at any moment, a thread . of life that might snap while she listened. Servants came, sleepy, confused, all talking at once. Then, Dora Darnel, very delicate and daintjC in a flowing white garment with pale pink ribbons ; then the colonel, in an old red velvet dressing-gown, which made him look like a wizard. ' For God's sake let some one go for the doctor,'1 said Clare, without lifting her head ; then, as Stukely knelt on |the other side of his friend's prostrate form, 'Oh, colonel, you can help us. You will know. Is it a dangerous wound ? Does it mean death ?' 'Not death, no, no. God forbid,' said the colonel. ' It is a nasty wound ; terrible loss of blood. The bullet has bit rather low, just below the ribs. What was he doing with that accursed revolver?' ' I don't know. They were on the table. He was looking at them an hour ago, before he went to bed.' ' You don't know ?' said the colonel wonder ingly. 'Weren't you in the room when it happened ?' ** No. I was in the corridor. I had been in Grace's room.' ' He was alone then ?' ' I — I suppose so.' ' Oh, my poor, poor brother !' ejaculated Dora. ''To think that he should have lifted his hand to take away his own life ! He, so good a Christian — he who used to be so happy.' ' How dare you say that he tried to take his own life,' said Clare, not loudly, but with in tense indignation. ' You know that he is happy, that he has never known a care since he has been my husband, except his too thoughtful care for me. Oh, my darling, what evil things will not be said of me while your voice is silent to defend !' she added, apostro phising her unconscious husband with pas sionate love. ' There will always be a voice to defend you — were defence needed — while Allan's friend is at your side,' said the colonel quietly. Purdew, the old butler, was in the room, kneeling by his master. He too had seen gun shot wounds, and he knew that this was a desperate one. With his help Colonel Stukely could have carried his old friend into the next room and laid him on his bed, but after a mur mured consultation they agreed that it was wise not to lift him until the surgeon came. The loss of blood_ might be intensified by any alteration of position. Lady Darnel brought a pillow for her husband's head. A servant brought some brandy, and the colonel wetted Sir Allan's lips with a little, while Lady Darnel damped his forehead with eau de cologne. But there were no signs of returning con sciousness. A groom had ridden off for the doctor. They heard the clatter of hoofs just now galloping along the avenue ; but let him gallop as he plight it must be more than half an hour before the doctor could arrive. The colonel and Purdew did all that could be done to stanch the Jblood which oozed slowly from Sir Allan's side. It was a terrible half hour, a : half hour of agony, in which every moment might bring the fatal end of thei.r fainting hopes. i Clare Darnel crouched upon the ground beside her husband, hanging over him with white lips and despairing eyes, watching his ghastly face with a countenance that was almost as death-like. 'He will die,' she kept saying to herself; 'he will die by the hand of my son. Oh, God ! why did I ever link my accursed life with his ?' Her mind went back to that other night of murder, the report of the gun ringing sharp in the silence of night, startling her from the heavy slumber of sheer exhaustion— the moment of bewilderment and doubt, then the rush to the window to see what had happened. Th.e picture of that vanished scene flashed back upon her as she Lung over her husband. The moonlit barrack-yard — doors opening, lights appearing, dark figures cross ing the quadrangle, and then a figure carried across the yard by four men. Her first thought had been that it was her husband's figure she saw thus carried — that he had escaped from his room and killed himself. She was to know soon that the calamity was even worse than this. And now came a second tragedy — a dire and horrible deed which was perhaps to deso late -her life for ever. At last there came the sound of horses' hoofs again galloping up the avenue — two horses this time, and sounding in the night silence like six — then the opening of doors below, and then footsteps in the corridor, and the doctor was amidst them, a stout elderly man, commonplace but clever, a man to be relied on in calamity. He put them all aside and knelt down on one knee to examine his patient ; and then, without expressing any opinion, he ordered everyone out of the room except the colonel and Purdew. ' Grace, take care of Lady Darnel,' said the colonel, and Grace put her arm round her step mother and tried to lead her from the room, the girl blinded by her tears, the woman's eyes dry and burning. She had not yet shed a tear. 'No, Grace,' she said, 'I will not go away. If- 1 must not stay in this room I will wait in the corridor. I will not go (Ear from Allan.' At the mere mention of her husband's name she burst: into a flood of tears, the first relief that bad come' to her since thiJ* fir3£ shock of her reprobate sotl's entrance. . It was in vain that Grace pleaded,- *« Vain that Dora lectured. Clare Damel would not move beyond the outeMie of the npming-room ? door. She knelt with hep ear againtt the key hole, knelt there, listening, praying dumbly now and then, till the doctor came onlv after a delay of an hour or more. , ' ' Will he die ?' she asked, seisng the dfc cfcor s arm. . ^ Mr. Danvers, the family doctor, looi Iec* grave, and shook his head. ' It is a bad case, Lady Darnel.' ' But not hopeless — oh, for God's sake, aay it is not hopeless !' 'We shall have Mr. Friedricson here to morrow morning,' answered the doctor. 'He can tell you better than I.' ' And my beloved one may die in the night, before help comes. Let me go to him — let me be with him.' ' No, Lady Darnel, that is impossible. He must be kept very quiet — there must be no one in the room except Purdew and me. I shall stay here all night.' ' Thank God for that ! But it is cruel to keep me away from him. Do you think I am a child, that 1 have no self-command ?' ' I think you are a woican, and that you love your husband. No, Lady Darnel, you must not enter that room till Sir Allan is in a less precarious state. You must obey me in this matter— for his sake. I am going to send one of your men with a message to my wife, and then I shall go back to Sir Allan. We shall have a couple of surgical nurses down to- morrow morning.' Clare Darnel wrung her hands in a silent despair. She turned from the doctor and walked quickly to the end of the corridor. Like KiDg David she turned her face to the wall. She felt that there was no comfort — no relief. Her husband was taken away from her — given over to nurses and surgeons, and she was told that she must net enter his room. Her sacred right as his wife was set at nought. Death itself could not have robbed her more utterly of his presence. To sit beside his bed, to watch the changes in his face, to listen to every breath. There would have been comfort in this. But she was to have no comfort. She stood leaning against the moulding of the window frame at the end of the corridor with her face to the wall. ' My son, my son,' she repeated to herself. 'I ought never to have married that good man. I was selfish, wicked, blind, to link my miserable lot with his. I am the cause of hia death.' Grace came from her room, where she had been sitting with her aunt, who had established herself there uninvited, 'to be nearer poor Allan.' ' Dear mother, come to my room, come and lie down on my bed,' pleaded Grace, and the word mother sounded sweet in Clare Darnel's ears, even in the midst of her despair. The girl's tenderness recalled that revelation of Valentine's. 'No, my darling, your life shall not be blighted,' she sobbed, drawing Grace to her breast. ' You shall not be sacrificed to worth lessness and profligacy.' The strange speech startled Grace. What could it mean ? Could Lady Darnel know or suspect anything about hei' luckless lover — the man she had seen on the common that morn ing. She succeeded in getting Lady Darnel to her room, where Dora was sitting piously before an open Testament reading the history of St. Paul's shipwreck, and how the viper came out of the fire and hung upon his arm. It could hardly be particularly comforting in such a moment ; but Dora fled to her Bible in calamity as a duty. She did not even wait for calmness and order around her, but sat down in the midst of chaos and read the first chapter that came to hand in a thoroughly business-like way. By this means she had acquired a stupendous battery of tests, with which she was always ready to open fire in argument or warning. In Dora's mind even the viper that came out of the fire was not altogether inapplicable to the present state of affairs. ' My poor brother has had a viper hanging upon him,' she said to herself. ' I knew that misery would come out of that marriage, but I did'not think that it would take the form of bloodshed.' Lady Darnel consented to lie down on a sofa wheeled near the fire to please Grace rather than from any hope of relief to be obtained from repose. A. rug was spread over her, and she lay silent, with eyes closed. The other two women might suppose she was sleeping. ' Had you not better go to your own room, Aunt Dora?' said Grace, alittle worried by the sight of that calm white-robed figure_ and the open Bible. Grace was firm in religious faith and reverence for the Scriptures ; but she could not seat herself down to read the Acts of the Apostles with folded hands in the midst of a domestic convulsion. '.'It is nearly two o'clock, Aunt Dora. Do go to your own room,' she said, hardly con cealing her. irritation. 'Noi Grace, I like to be near Allan. - My own room is at the other end of the house. I hope I am not in your way here.' ' Not at all,' said Grace shortly ; and then she got. up and went, out to the corridor and listened at her father's door. Not a sound. But he might die, and she would hear no more than she heard now. It was all so sad, so inexplicable. He father at death's door ; he who had kissed her and bade her good night in his cheeriest voice only a few hours ago. How had it happened? She had hardly been calm enough even to wonder about it until now ; but now she began to ask herself how this tragedy had come to pass. Could it be the result of accident? Her father, an old cavalry soldier, the hero of two Indian campaigns ; was such a man likely to be playing with firearms as children and cockneys play with such things? Was he likely to handle a revolver so ignorantly or so awkwardly as to lodge its contents in his side? And again she had understood that Sir Allan had gone to bed, and that Lady Damel was writing alone in her room when she, Grace, knocked at the door. She longed to see her dear old colonel. He perhaps might have told her something, yet what could he know more than she, since he had only appeared on the scene after the catas trophe. She walked up and down the corridor for half an hour or more, till the cold drove her back to her room. It was very cold in that dead hour of the night, and poor Grace was shivering in her muslin dressing-gown when she went back to her room. Dora Darnel was sitting by the fire, just as Grace had left her, steadily ploughing through the Acts as if she had been a divinity student preparing for an examination. Lady Darnel lay with her face hidden, motionless, silent. ' Is she asleep ?' enquired Grace, in a low voice. ' I believe so.' Grace threw herself on her bed and cried herself to sleep, a troubled sleep, easily broken. She had slept thus, hardly for one moment losing the consciousness of her grief, when she was awakened by an agonising cry. She started up from her pillow to see Dora Darnel standing beside the sofa in the dying firelight looking down at her brother's wife. Clare was lying on her back, with her clasped- hands above her head, her eyes wide open, and the eyeballs fixed in awful stare. 'My fault, my fault,' she cried. 'I mur dered bim.' The aunt and niece looked at each other appalled, horror-stricken. These words were the words of a dreamer, and dreams are wildest fictions; but such words at such a moment had a thrilling effect. (To be continued). 