NEWS AND NOTES "I engage you at once you sent your men to help us, and we will help you." The patriotic offer of Mr Dalley and colonies generally to send troops to the assistance of the mother country isalteady working lior good.seouring the: good will--of'-the' public, *ahd auntbeneficially affect hoarsen | v u^°Ki9.° r r:^l' •bow tbatVthe/wiad has/set ininoar.favor. A correspondent vmtes:—-f?Ayoßng friend of. 1 mine proceeded to London sometime einoe, to'com plete '. hlslLpotnmerciai education- "On arriving there,, he, .faqt.of his, hailing, from Auatralia'.tbld rather agaißßhlthad fbr him. Eventually, However, be secured si'position at Shaw and Edgar’s, awelbknbwu establishment in the metropolis, remaining long’enough to obtain gk.'gppd. insight intoytheir business and their ..mode of transacting it, and then .left. Subseqdintly j'ia !' reference to an advertisement for. young, manat Wbitelawli, one of the .largest marpantTb. establishments in the world. To tjbe . question, .'■* where araybufrom,’ theyoung colonial, replied,^*Australia,’■•fThan. : I engage you ati onbe,’ :aaid' Mr ' WHitelaw,; 'yetf sent your- man : tb’help us. 'aud we will help 'yon ■ and 'there • tho'yoniig ‘ Australian will: • remain until, ready to sail, for ‘ home.’" Thar j oonoesaion'to" thff’Dmted'States iiitho matter ' of the' Alabama t rade, ' humiliating -in many respects: to the* British Governmbnt.' had .the ' effeot’pf. sweeping/away .nearly a' century of \- grievances'and" bit(erpeB3_, : and to-day.Britainis i reaping'the beneSt in 'enjoying thagobdwill and 1 countenance of the United-States, So this new ■departure of;Australia; railed!against by the I petty ;mindod, bas . brought; Australia and Aua ■ traliSn interests' home to the-firesides of millions;! i who-never ‘ heard-of onr 'great 'Couo try, and'will' j ye'hbe-pf(^tfctiye ! in many way g'bf’great' benefit I to us es a ’peoplo. ' ' ' -IV ' , r’ : ' | riThe engine: attached- to the 4.25 p.m.down j train from'Ueibpurne broke -down* at'Fbotsorsy |last the .train", was. delayed while s, ■frashengiob jyaabrpught- The jconsequenoe was that'thg'traln .arrived at Balla rat three- qdirterW' Of v an h'o'Ur’late/ Owing to [the iqsCffitaßla arrangements o’f the Railway Da ; pariment,, this acqident, pan sod a;,d6lsy.in ; the. |depar{ure of theeipreas,.- which. ins tea and of ar riving at the usual bour.-steamed In majestically .just 55 midutes behind-time/' We’fear that the Idepartmentda driftibglTntdibad ways again,', as Itbe. .train,-, which is;:due -here -at 11 - {minutes past i7< ■ has-i of date developed- a -pro pensity for coming in about 20 minutes or half ;au hour.after the soheduled time. , • In the Court of Minesyeaierday before Judge Trench, .the -cause' of the. pity of. Ballarat- Gold 'Mining Company;' registered, to' admit ' proof 'of debt cf tha,Nation»l Bank was oalled on. Mr , Pearspuappearedfor. the bank, and'Mr Finlay-' sen, instructed' by Mr Wynne, appeared' for a .creditor, and the liquidator in person. The liquidator handediin.au affidavit stating.that in {obedience to the order of the court on the 21st -May of the’ present" I 'year, ■ hepsid into the. National Bank of Australia; at' Ballarat,’ to the' credit of 'the 1 ’ sums' of £5OO pnd £3950 • 11s 9d, mentioned . in the Said order, J -’these--'amodnte "'making alto gether the sum of £-1281 11s Od standing to the predit-of the-; liquidator’s , account iuthaabove named, bank.. As.regards,the proof, of debt of the' bank, ths judge reserved hiadodiaion, which .will be delivered at .this. nextaitlings of the peart, on the 22ad of- jane. The court then adjourned until thatday. ,. i0 , , : On Monday next, whjoh yrill be observed as a public, holiday .in .celebrqtion of, the anniversary of the { Queen’s' Birthday/* the usual holiday arrangements will I be carried ;out by the Post office and Telegraph Department; All post-office's Will be‘elosed at 10 a.m. Only the firat deliyery by teifbr-carrier Wili"Be effected,’ but country; mails will be received and despatched as usual.' The telegraph offices will be’open from half-past 8 to 10 a. mi.,' and'- from IB to 7 p.m. Postmasters at suburban ,offipea;'K»ve, beea, inBtruotad .that only tba' mails despatched' before'-ndon and in. the''evening;ihould”bp forwarded/ .'Redeiting‘ pillars are to be so that their contents may be enclosed in tbe'maila despatched. > The Derby an and Oaks: meeting' of the 1 Ballarat Coursing Club was commenced yesterday at the plumpton. but the cold stormy weather did not induces largaattandanee- Tharunuing of the first round and the first-ties- for both stakes was thq.remamderwUl be tua off to-day. The hares were strong, And only four kills were made-fbf the''day'. 1 : A report appears elsewhereih : this l usue,'''’ 1! !■ Miss Clara Louise Be'an,-youngast daughter of our respeoted.townsman, Mr W. was yesterday married. to'Mc Bpbert'Corbourd, eldest. son'of Mr.c.W, Corbould; outfitter, :of Sturt' street. iiThe ceramany was. per tunned by tho- Bar. W. Clartr, !at tha residonda of 'the bride’s ‘ parents. Subsequont to the- belebration, the newly-married couple, together with a number ; of frieb«ls, 'aac Idowa to an ;excellent wedding breakfast. The bride reoeiveda number of valu able presents prior to her marriage. | W 6 have received from, Mr r W. G.’Speno'ea copy of a report sent'tb branohea of tbe A.M.A. in referenda to. leases in the North- Eastern dis triotl' The' report, ! which: is 'a l ’very J lengthy ’ statistical document, concludes as follows:—“ An analjsis of tha above shows that an area of 4314 acres comprised ; iu ; ls9 leases-the number of men .who should be employed' to ■ fulfil the labor covenanted*,l4o7, -the number actually employedjs 320,0r;',1087,1e80 thanihera ought.to; be. Thera »re,96 leaseasupom'.which no ~labor: ' whatever-is employed; three. ..employ, exact uum ■ her required.. On seven. leases/double the.uum-, 'bar reqiurodjbypovenants-sire employed; on fil: ’ leases there are 157 meu.aemployed, -.whereas to I 'fully-oomply with tho covanaota thero Bhould bo 602 at wbrk / -lhereon; J The above lasses only -represent Besohworth division 'acid the -Mitta' . Mitla and Taokandandah divisions, and, there- ' fore. oevar only ,a.small portion, of the North . Eastern' district.' ‘"Large' areas are held under' ’ minor’s-righu, of .wbiob we- -account. The rent from above leases should amount Hi ; £ll72'per snnum, but'we biave‘reason to suspect .that on miby o( the Jassst it luwhot.beeD paid. Youw^Ao.i.lV;.G;.SPKHOK ( iSecretary.": 1 There wim • '■ good musker of Militiamen at tha ; local Orderly Boom -lut night; Lfeut.tColbnnl Sleep froi'in evening he- passed dno" : squad'* into''the 'rkhldi/VJCtfe is -now considerable. It is notified that lanek robrporas moat pass an exammation before'they Joan attain ’(be rank of corporal, -and the.; same .eergeants before they 'can fill the senior rank. Tio members■pf/ihe BpttaUon/uw lopkiogjfor-r mttchflntdresV fo ’tne r reTiew^which' ;stikes plsos at Albert Psrk/on., Monday next, in [Abhor of Her'Majesty’s’ BtrfeidsyTne train ’•whioh is to convey the teoppe to, Melbourne will i leave Ballarat on Monday, [ aed sooerdilQiiolka’ tiineiMAracisliabd’thbhien \- time terreet, .sfter the dqyfa, tDanhing/.-.befpre' ',tte jburner' Is,_oom-; jji,btp ; -Ts' JCaJlera tl passed itito tke-rankstiwill mhster toiA' man‘ at :tHere»tes*.w*itheothafali; fororof -'the‘Batte-; dlbo,. oombinad ■ with' ''ffit pfeeSsibtf* 1 arid- 7 go'od l mjirthipgwhiohUiey.araable t to display, would gain credit’ for ,tlui d“teiot' to “whioh they be- o'oJoek,' to from Ballarat. ', . , Ut. Bdlmt 'bowling. Mm *m.WWm»d by. Alderman-John -Toong at -ly at Ahnadsle.inNcw 'South, JBWSpw ■-: played a match against the .the Annadale olnb.wbo do-. slaitora tv 107 to 101. It appears N#«*Sdtath Wales exchanges, that the . Bularat/howlsas in being moat kindly: and hoepitetarr6EgT|j| in Sydney., Mr Quong Tart,: the wsaltny’Clflnese merchant, and.sevenu other influential residents bad made .very- extensive, .preparations-for. th»-r*c*pti*o-of-th*-vi niton , It • tbiOheT beet, fit Iqojt, ,ha*, not, 'so far, attended the tires,, bat there "is yet: time ■’tor them to*wln •laurels.—Ofooutvotbo-ioclbowlßis aiomeißty °“ i kind .pthp)id*|s tear. -jan«ij-t therefore, they -wllLnot-he di.b—rt—«d-st- eny -defsate—they may ezperienoe on "the green.” : Another game was to bare boon played yoaterd .y, bat the rSh salt bad not come to hand np tea late hoar last night. - ; “Ph.tam I here fori 1 *; cried out a toper, a farmer, in a local lookup a night or . two ago. _ “ You’re in for marther,” , answered ao intoxicated female in an adjoining cell; “ Mur thor is it; oh, tare and ’ounds, I nerer handled a firelock ihjiny Ijfejaiid I ngkei‘ v hiutfod[ iilurihg sowl donng 'my" ezistenoe. Will you lard-iho oat of this now} Whist am I in this dirty bole for P’ Marther,” again .answered the female,’ “ Will yon hould yer tongue, woman, Fm spak« ing to the decent . policeman,” was the warm reply. Then the man continued, “ Do you bear me addmdng'ypos T Whatfsisnd in Abis dirty hole for>-with W.nketa’DOt flffofa Cttfhamsn or: a blackfeliow to sleep in.” No official reply was; made to the enquiries, and the ‘‘aggrieved’' pri-l soner said to Jpad.tojjoi thatibe vfonld instruct a leading counsellor to take legal proceedings' against the Government. The man,' however,| was as gentle lamb when marched before the court next morning." ; j Mr Oddie, J.P„ is at present visiting Mount Victoria, N.S. Wales, jujd. the change of air has proved beneficial to: his health. He has heed; down several of the New South Wales coal mines,' 1 . and. the Visits,of inspection have ■ interested him' ’VeryinuPh; 11 ' MV piesehtMby, the Sydheyy Sdhiol-t hf Arid- vrith' J a ’-hbrnber of, .models for SobooUof.'.Mines classes.: The models will be delivered in Ballarat in a few. days. 1 There is now on'view-in the window of Mri Bennett, watchmaker, Bridge street, a 400-day! clock, .of French - manufacture. The timepiece,! nbichstra^,in. aglassjclav^witoigiit.frame, is surmounted’ by a baromater,. and -is .quite,, a curiosity:"'- 1 There 1 aire 1 few/ii'shyi ‘blPoksofthiai .desoription in Australia:- V'™ ; j A largelyTafcteßdod mosHrie'ijf-the' tnetnbera; and congregation of St. David’s church, Warreh-4 heip, waabeld oh.Tu'eeday-evemng last; to con-: aider certain matters T.relatangito the future pro- : gross of the church, when it was decided to take: steps for holding a tea and public meeting at an I early date, and alao_tp_requost the Ven. Arch- j deacon Julius to kindly favour them with a visit ■ on that occasion. | jThepeoplaatßrownHiU^werafaTpurod.with. a visit' from .the Yen. Arohdosoqn, Julius .oa i Wednesday evening; l who 1 preached " Witli* ‘his usual earnestness.and..eloquenoaiq .St, Mark’s Church to a orowded’audience, 'from Si.' Luke’s Gospel, x., 19For the . Son of Man. is come toseek and sVvb 1 thatwhioh 'was 'lost." ‘The sermonwis jliatanedtowUh’raptattentlon'and highly appreciated. c j udt**"- ~t :l i On Wednesday morning a boy about 12 years of age,', of Mr >: Pitoher,-' a resident of the Creswick road; was proceeding through Dawson i street to school in company with some other | boys, when a large black dog belonging to a man named Malone, ajatable groom, rushed out of the yard and caught' young Pitcher by the I calf of the leg, and threw him down, tearing | his trousera and leaving marks of his teeth, thou'gh fortunately not vary severe. oh tha boy’s ! leg. It is stated that theka waS ho proTooation | whatever given ;tp, tha..dog.: -.Tha kray’s; father : went to the owner of , the dog .and told.. him if he would destroy the brute there wduld be noaotioh taken in the matter: It is not the intentipn.pf_tha New South Wales Government to *hava any other display en the - Queen’s Birthday than what ordinarily takes ; place, but preparations will shortly be com menced for : the reception of--the > Contingent sent : to the Soudan in a suitable manner. On the occasion all the available forces will be assembled in Sydney, with a view to investing the return . of the Contingent with every possible mark df respect. The total amount of the Patriotic Fund has now reached £33;fi65:. .The total strength of the volunteer force wilt be 3000 men. These, with,the: permanent force, the naval brigade, ' and the naval volunteer artillery, will bring up 1 the total defence force to about 10,000., '-t'- '.-'i'd The weekly meeting. of the Soldiers Hill ; Lodge, No. 287, LO G.Tr, J was held on Wednes ; day evening in the Neil street schoolroom, the ; VViC.T. (Br Toy) presiding. Thera was a good ! attendance of members and visitors. , One can didate was initiated, nod three proposed for : next meeting. After . the routine, business had jbeen disposed of; harmony 'wasproceeded with, ; when the following took part:—Song, Sr Fur ;longj.'reoita(ion, Br Dimsey; song, Sr Meagher; : recitation. Br Stevens; song, Sr Wilson; jceoita '. tion, Br iteber; recitation, Br Sheldon. '' J 1 | The numerous' friends cof Mr-John Lake, the well-known collector of the Ballarat Gas Com pany, will be giad to hear that there is no truth in the rumor that has been circulated this last day or two.that he is about to take his departure for Sydney. Mr Lake has no such intention, and how the rumour got about, he is at a loss himself to understand. ! There was no businosa fdr transaction at tbe ;City Police yesterday. ~, ! The'dther day a - person'visited 'the 'bouse of a iMilitjaman in Ballarat £.st, . whan .the gallant .deferider; wa'afa informed, produced His'Martini-' 'Henry, which was after explaining tbe intricacies of the weapon asked the visitor to look down the barrel. The request was com plied with, the thoughtless -individual not for a moment thinking of tbe great danger which Was attached to thaifoolish.aation.;.i- ; ! The visit of inspection recently paid'to the CbinPsa ,Camp,.BaUarat Bast,- by the Benevolent- Asylum authorities, has been productive of good results; as up fewer-than a' doten -Mongolians have been knocked oS the list of outdoor re cipients. s&itbfer; institution: Semor- oonatsbla Thompson and an interpreter assisted in the' work of inspection. : Within the past 12 months 254 persons have been .nominated as, members .of-the Ballarat:, branch of the 1 AiN. A: Of this number; 190'faave ‘ been elected. This spatka well for the,popularity of the association:' - ' ; ' ' ' ’ ’' ; > ; Mr H. Lamer, for many, years connected with the household of the Rev. W. J. Xnglis, of Bal larat, is at preseul seriously indisposed in .Mel boards. ' ■" I Tbe “ fairies ’’are 'again hovering, around Bal* larat Bast. Late on Wednesday night some cf the “ good people ” visited'- the- back yard of the residence of Mrs Riley, Black Hill, and carried pS a di.zen qf fpwta.;, The;dog ddlthe-yard com menced to bark, and for thus impertinently re tarding operations,.he; too.iWaa.t' bsgged.’.’ aad ■ taken away. The “ghost" that the,, policeman saw ihihe City a faw hights ago is'put down for this business: : ;.rrv. : The death ua adnodnoed, at - his : residehca, Melbourne, of Mr James Maconoobie, who, in days gone by,rwas assistant to Mr David Cdristy, mining registrar, of Ballarat. The deceased,, who-was a‘ oolonist Of-SS yoara’ standingi was 65 years of age, and.wsa one of the fouuders of tha Hood Templar movement in this dist^ct. : Constable Ed wards, who h’a been doing duty in Ballarat East for some time, is about to join the mounted force, and he has been ordered to report himself at the matrbpolitad depflt. 1 Rain set in early yesterday afternoon, and. continued off and on throughout the'night: The' barometer. was falling' atr a -datO'-' hour ' laat night, . .. , ; At the Town Police Court yesterday, before; ' Messrs Walker and Curtis, J’s.P., a young man named William Rosa wss. fioed. ss, with 2s fid posts, for being drunk and disorderly, while for damaging ,tha ojf r Constable. Robinson, prisoner waa.'maictod in-a- pehaity of ls, with 40s damages, in default 14 days’ imprisonment. Rosa elected to go to gaol. Margaret Thomas, who had threatened to alburn out” Lizzy Roach, ' a of Victoria street, was discharged with a caution, as tbe prosecutrix did not ap ‘pesr. A. few debt cases having been heard, the court adjourned.- 1 -'' A : - .; ; The premises occupied by Messrs Lang, Rennie, and Cos., in Bridge street, and belong ing to Messrs Morrey, Tyler, and Cos., were yesterday submitted to sale by public auction. I Thera was a good attendance of buyers. Mr ’ Canb. the : well-known, ironworker and'tinsmith:* started .the bidding. at .£1000,; and-subseqaentiy offers of iIOO brought up a total of £20(10. . Then a bid of £5O was loaded au3' ibiswaui 'succeeded by. two of £25 ©aoh. : At'ihii price tbe i>rdperty, ' whiohhas.a_ frontage P 1.35 feet.to Bridgestreet:. was passed m, but Mr Cant afterwards. bought the place privately at £2llO. This a’ frontage priM'of about £UO 15s per fbot. ■' Oar ' Horsham - correspondent last' eyoning' wired:—There-, has: been arspiendid raia falling mnoo noon, which will prove > of ..ioeakmlable , WQefit to farmers and grazieri. j The viatrs of fffio/teMt'Aifi inth-Vegara to the nsa of dynamite in mines, as laid before the Minister a few-ivheks igo/ jirei very ktrongly op posed in some quarters. The Minister of Mines has received several' petitions from miners and pro tea ting-against the prohibition -of the use of dynsmite/nrging its effeotivehoss apd treenail. from dangers, and that in wet shafts a nd posi«pp| fnmoa : tare- not dsngerouifto hfiaUS; The Mimater haß nol yet decided what action he will take.. -- - jThe ordinary meeting 'of' the Town Council takes place to-night, ,at 7 tf clock. ,j|Tha weekly meeting -01-dha Lydisrd street .Wesley.n,M.l.A. was held last evening in the Dana street sohoolroom; Mr D. J. Wheal in the >ohair rr the .evening a..discussion took plaee nght t tiotion 1 . As the attendance was only limited, the meeting was not prolonged. A meeting of the special OonunUtas.appointod to prsparo a gates from the : district MrKnight «u elected. . There wee * blank - charge, sheet at the City Police Coart yesterday morning. '■ ■"■■:■' ■■-..•■■ .' of' Mr TheodoreSsunJerifor JaPAdviH vacated bf) | Mr 4£ T lrwWi wsx- lodged with the returning -.WU— jamtantmj. - ... r -■---.-^rnr: A pufal!« taaati*gG*hkri>triMbLthis craning in ♦tin WmUwh Mhnnlwinin Tl-.ns street. whwn the Bar. B. 8. Bickford (editor ofthe. Wetfeyo* Spectator) ’ will deliver an address npoa “ Thb. Importance at the droulstionof Religious- Literature.’’. The rer. gentleman is a speaker; and his lecturea upon various ■ topics draw at all time* - appnciatire - audiences, f The thi* t Mbcing’s Isqtare; Wlhe oornmuuity will, doubtless, oomStanri" 4 . large audience. The meeting will commence at, 7.30’p.m. " j We remind Odr readme Aat -theentertaini meat to be given by the Loco Mopokes- for the benefit of the Ballnrat'Hoapital takes place to« night in the Mechanics’ Institute. Theenter tainment is under the patronage of the Austra lian Natives’ Association. ■{ V An old man Carey was yes} terday arrested as a lunatic. He will brought up at the City Court this morning. | (jp An 'j* pjuda a visit to Crai*V Hotel on Wednesday night, ahdL took, an overcoat which was hanging in the hall.' Another incUridnal of the same r species paid a' risit to tha'rendence.ofMft'Jne-Leokie, during) her temporary absence, and took a large family Bible, rained.at £4.,.. . ! ■■Di?J»'-l!L il iSyfo)' ( the pophHir c ltatnfer, 3 U at} trading large audiences in Adelaide. He is of opinion that some specimens be has collected ih Waterfall Gully indicate former ice action. I Messrs Bosenblum, Andrew. Anderson, Ham-i Ballarat Gymnastic Association, , hare received notices fromlha Tewn CpMoifjqptbaeffept .that “they ate eaoh fb be held responsible for the re moval of the fixtures, &C.;, from - the effigy tuna-; slum on the Town market reserve. ■ The officers} 308 the: Gymnastic Ataooiatioa'are^dotermined,-to i fight the business outf ami it is stated, that they | are plioel? witnestoilihvthkhox to' p«[mr withdrawn; -fromthe'promises, which ‘it, ihade Tn respedtto; the whah' lhh building was i engaged for athletic purposes. 1 ' 1 At a jsommitteo 7 .meeting -.mti the Ballun! (writes ohf local 'cbrreapdndent); it Waa'deisitled: to call a special general. meeting of the sub-1 scribera toconsider.tha’advisability.ofprqouring ' a piece' Of land troihewhere near the'cehtre of the ! township,-op the. main; street, it pps|jblej.for.the ; purpose of haring a npw huildieg erected for an ! institute and librar‘y, an'd of taking steps to i dispose of the .old building and. the land on: which it • stands. ■ t ,This }mll^bß^‘lmore a hi.the 1 right directibh'atla3t,fdrth63bundlng',whrohat presßotdoeeduty, Jfor a Moohanfos’lsstituto has long been unworthy of- tha townshipln.tevary respect. It is devoutly tq[ be hoped that ,a unanimous role witl be recorded at-the -general meeting in faror of ,procuring a fresh sito and a new building;''lftha'. subtariberwarc ogmad.na to .the above cburse 'thQra Vahputd ; Wlittla diffi oulty' in “raising sufficient funds, to put :up a strong, substantial, roomy wooden .building, which experience has'proved isbotter'for Ballan th«n dno bniltdf stone or briok. : The Geelong Evening Star states that yester day, at the local police Court, a young man namedßichardrNortontwat- broaghrupoUsum mens for unlawfully,assaulting Ebpnezar Town send, 16 lb May, -Mr Dwyer appeared for the defen dant,-'and examined complainant’s witnesses. Tba complainant -give evidence that on the- night., of the, date, in question, about 10 p.m'.,'he was' stahdrhg'at Che door of Mr Bean’s shop in Myers streatj. tslking to the tatter about Salvation Army matters-when three t or four young men psme -.along, .one ofwhom [: roughly pushed against,', him.. . On , being' asked i what he meant, the offender, who. subsequently proved to oom» ■ plainest, whdj with the arsistancd .of the others, waslaifi m the'gutter, which wrirmUddy. 'Eri ; deuce having been given for*'the ‘defence, the ? Bench, after Bome ‘delib6lratioD,--Baid'- that they ; were.quite satisfied that an assault : had: been : committed, and fined defendant 40s, with 14i fid : co,3t«, ia.def»alt one montbVimprisonment. - . A youpg man named .HermennFluggeha* ; committed suicide by hanging himself .to a fence, in ‘the^Domain, in Sydney. The' deceased,' who' is believed. to hare had frienfls in -Adelaide, bad Ijbeen depressed}for.epms:time 7 previous. w, I At the close of the yachting seaaon ih Sydney Ia complimentary dinenr was given, by . the mem • bars of the.iloyal SydneyjYaoht' Squadron, at j the Town Hall, to Mr the commie -1 dore of the club. ! Admiral Tryon, in responding Ito the toast of the navy, referred to the aotion’ 'of-tha, British Gorernmeht 'in fitting 1 but the. iMassilia and Luaitsiiia ai cruisers.'- He said there 'could be. nothing -more .advantageous .to the ißriliih. Empire than the..possession, of these !magnificent stilus., Tfyojjf" perhaps j take tha,firetplaca*m_.naval- warfare,. but-they jwourd ant "their part by driving the vessels of ithe enemy from, the sea», and , would represent j the frigates - to • -which the- immortal- Nelson ’alluded in his despatches. He did uot 'see any jloss of prestige or any. signs .of-halting on the [part of the mother country, .and, in fact, nothing Ibut a oohtiniibas growth of power, i A series of interesting letters written from [Khartoum by Ur Frank Powor, the correspon dent of the J’imss, who ,waa ,killed ;near Merawe iwith Colonel, Stewart,- has been published,(says 'the - st. Jamet- QaztUe). —They wore-written to 'members of bis own family, and edited by bis [brother, Mr Arnold Pdwar.j In tba last letter of ithe aeries,,~dsfed“ Khartoutu. fith’ March, 1884, ‘MfPowof writest-^tiGordon,is wprkihg wonders With his conciliatory .policy.' Of course those •Freooh brutes, must/interforo; iTo-day anew French Consul, or.a qiaD,entrusted with a secret [misaion: fromFranoe, arrived bekei l The tel is not a Frenoh subject in ’Khartoum;-or a penny's French interest in th&Soudah; since M. Marquet yent'-fyom [here, the.edibqr ot ibo.BoipJvcre Egypiiini a'halfpenny). evening: paper [in j Cairo, which was suppreaaedc last.weekfor violent attackß(persQnalandfilthy). on: Btiring, ''Clifford ' Lloyd,- -and , the - English'-' officers, 1 and l -horrible' stories about our Queeni The. people here,’ 'Greeks, 'Arabs, 1&p.;,.[a1l ,'obh demnl Iha, bad taste of , the Frehch in seudiiig him here}‘aa ooneul. . He has hot yot. oalled.pn - nny. of usin, the palace;. but wa. jthi'ea (Gordon, Stowart, and myself) ;aro »gtoed aa to how wB Will receive him.” ' ; ,A couyttmartial has .Been, hold |n Brisbane, on: J6hn;Jjennon,.a gunner .of ithe Permanent Artilleryforce,', -for - leaving his - post i-while on daty aa ceedings-were conducted with full' martlal cere mony. The accused - pleaded guilty, ‘alleging illness, .and.threw_himaelf_oa. the-mercy-of.the court.- -Sentence was not formally pronounced. | A 'telegram"was‘ published.,on’; Wednesday,' announcing that- theabrogating’ .olanse. in tbs Federation J Enabling Bill is te be withdrawn in the House of Commons. Mr;ilurray Smith tele-' graphed to . Mr, Sarvioe .that-i Lord Derby. in-, formed* him' that . the .'. Government would abandon the., proviaioh. , fil'e[,Premiers of the other' /.colonies have beeh ioformed jof thia de cision. --j. i',-- :-t ' . : One by,6n'e.(says tbe Auifralarian) womeo.ar9 conquering for themsalves a shsre dn all of Cths: privileges hitherto selfishly . reserved for the sterner sox., -It-is only a deyor two ago that the principle. was suceesafully: 'asserted in ‘ the courts that a married woman bn whom a sou tenoa of imprhonpaauVis iinposed iu-default'‘of diatressfurnon-payment of a fiuooau be sent .to gaol just the ,same as.a masaulineodeliuqueut. The, attempt; ,of ty rant ,man, in'the guisepi the; counsel for the applicant f tp show that a married l woman, ought,not to, be imprisoned, for not satis- . fyihg a judgment the Court; and' it was he Id , t hat a married woman in tbe circum stances of the applicant Xnust go to gaol- just as an unmarried w.omau or aaajmau would, have to, go.. This partioular instan co of female progress: does not in itself take a- specially'pleuaot sfaape;-' bat silH friends of -'women’s rights will be glad to 'see that a great principle has been* assertsd.'aud . a long step madeiu thqh cVusada’ fori tha vindi cation. of complete equality with the .heretofore styled superior sex. ; “Those patients of tha late W; L. C— who wish to consult him can do so at the villa;” So .said th e Mobart'Meriury a fortnight ago (in its ' advertising colnmns), and-the newspapers never •- make mistakes r-nevaf 1;; And there' are people .here and: .ever;where who aven how, (writes refuse to'helieve in spiritism.;. .Thera is no doubt that thw late doctor’Will hava a hue of busineas as -the l one -traveller whb'has made -back traokafromwhatßhakipoare called'“the ,bOUrne.” , I '' .V-'i-t, --j-.-.- ■ S-IJ mw'(wHte'HMr^aTfi^'ftm ü ßewa the other day, • in Whioh dt was sUtod cthat -Bata Laliv moved to emulation I .by ther patriotiem of Mr Dalleyj- fiadwdluntaerihi* to' : raiTO a'<»rpa of 8W) native: senrioO Jn !the, Soudan. Tho chieftain with Ws SOOrEiriin "bravos"would have rather might also opmaig.fpr; encomium oftheßritiahgoneralronthß-Auitralian-Con»- hngent, which OftnTqyeajthcfr at the appearanodof the men,’’ That .a native race, ■anan in blood, *bl(ibMeir,-its > . aid to the Imperial Government & a.thwg“rarein history, Wales incident, haedlw (happen anyi’ where except under the British flig. revelations mayt M‘^Sjre6tetf recent despatohesgfrom Tong-kuig come -to be pub hihed. The. nuepber .of'the . killed at Langson that journal,, mpqats, , 297;V and' it pro'.' I Sf* 6 * of M. «i2« U "IP«W Motoring. I 1 S3? .- h ® tha idaspatoh ih whioh . tra« total of iha yraiioh J *• wounded., T 6« . "“'“Mkrf -by «%gfaa>t[i nCT .. SeTeral cf-the LjS? j* B ™ n»»u*f««lly of » «?!“!'■ P t thaipco^^* l b “ely sufficing for the «!? iff to recover. This ig bv n^n? owl each stories come from Tn« wounded themselves boglTil ?* WBSBttng comrades to give them ,i. l ? ged bteip ifrttcs rather than ‘allow them to fin •V“ UJ ’ dt ” the hands of the Chinese. W 1 allTo into Typhoid fersr in Sydney and its.„k . . .*<> the.gr a ,it y of "' ba « In some years the Z?« ; real Jn -htthrs; but the pSI ,? or . B ■ooaoftbe most fatel eVer-knoWn. ffufe 15 fr. raliy ssfaStS v " a s s i™s -”WrA\ Ghwevjdnr.catlta' drover; of YamV l. ) £• .®Jre?» Police Cdurt S “forelnr with,stealing a bullock u,?* 4 * had.driven,a mob of catiu. ‘Belfast to Ballarat, peering throuT w O T , two the sth inet,, at whieb ?• 'Morns'" missed' hisi bullock. TBo nnw°'i me .entered the beast for sale at ,?Si I S , ?f*., l P:bw own name, but.the police from Korbit. arrested «’J % g ™^KS4 r ssa, w "““«sfi fbe/ora the minera at tha Hamley mino t„ P ifor.26.penweek, or .«* men have titased the terms. The oronp& ft , "the"Mpofitamines are also reducing Ihenuml!? :^ f t hapds, in, order that/by” st “s^ r economy, the mine may be kept at work”’ ■ _ notifimHhat Alfred Bulln. .^. w " rant . frtth. wife desertion at Durham Lead m January, 1880. “ ■ ‘ \- Fhrther.telegraphio information has bean ~ ,qeived (aaye.the Telegraph) by Inspector KenneX . oftho. Detective office, from . Detective Ni,./ who is at Bourke, N.S.W., in connToHoa ,« h ’' Both the accMM -nlerf;'Simth and Boss, were broanht an at *b looal’policeoQur t and remanded to Melbmirn. The money(£4oo),Rosa. attempted to bank ,; ißoorke .was.not all in. London Chartered & n v notee but some of it was. He says be renal.!? Wh ° BB hanaa tb6 detectivesS to think he. was merely, a tool. They exeunt :;^.-*b|o.. t o connect. .Smith wiUifte btito \- : • - ; • .; ea * Argu* reports that an important discord, jjf ..coal ;is reported at a locality some 16 mila south of Colao. A selector in the beech forest named Gardener, arrived in.Col.io on Wedne, day, haying with him specimens of coal found h the bed’of a creek ruoning into the Gellibrasd The sample, indicated, a good coal, although it had perished through exposure to the elemku He had also a piece of very rich ironstone, foami! m the same vicinity. - ■ ' ■ •'Tho Minister' of lustrnolion haa deoided that the school districts shall bs tho same as Z present municipal districts of the colony How thmampte arrangement was not adopted at first is beyond ordinary conception. Tenders are to . b ? l failed, m a few days for the ..collection and preparation of tho annual educational census in the newly arranged districts. The mercantile - failures in the United States during the past quarter were 3658 for an aßere gate amount of ; 46,121,051 dollars, bsing an in crease, .0f ; 362 failures and 6.000.000 dollars of liability. The : 'Canadian ' Pacific Railway (writes' the Argus correspondent) is completed,, and there are now four lines connecting the Atlantic with the Pacific, the other three boing’ths Northern the Central, and the Southern Pacific railways!- allot which’are iri'the United States. The total le'rigth';pf the dine which .connects the’Pscifio wich-thb Canadian railway system’ is 2627 miles The line has .been•.constructed by a syndicate' the.ioharter ■ haying been granted to Sir Hugh Allan - and 12 other directors oh the Bth. July 1873.’ The conditions under which the work was undertaken were thus set forth by Sir Charles Tappel ~ Minister of Railways for Canadi. and recently High Commissioner for the Dominion in England. •• Por that portion of the line from Ppr.t, r Wi,lliam.to Selkirk, 410 miles, the Pembina ’ branch, 85 miles, and that portion from Kam* loops-to Burrard lulat, 217, all of which, amount, ing to 712 when the line is completed, is to be handed-over as the property of the company, the total amount expended and to be expended by the Government, including everything, is 28.000. dol. For the construction of the road from Nipissig to Fort William, 650 miles, and Selkirk to K»mloops, 1350 milea -2000 miles iu'ali—the Government have agreed to pay, id addition to’the 28,000,000, 25,000,000' dol. and 25,000,000 acres of land, making a tot’ • subsidy in cash of 53,000.000 dol., and inland, ■ estirDßting.ths 25,000,000 acres at the same rate i that I hare estimated the land under the con tracts of 1873-and under the estimate ol the act of 1874, Idol. an acre, of 25,000,000 dol, or a i total slmoant to be expended by Canada for tbe construction of the Canadian Pacifie Riiiway of 78.000. There is a world of pathos in ths story of i General Grant’sTast days. :Hb terrible pains’- Iseem.tp have been borne’with-a Hed Indian . stoicism;’ Tncurable cancer is one of the direst • and.mpat agonising forms of disease, and was i Mpadered, by ’ Gordon if I may credit a : met him some years ago at .Singapore—as sufficient exenss for ccrtailing one’s own existence. Tbe hero had been reading 1’ Is’ life worth living!” and re marked that he agreed with much’ that was jVancpd i: in; ,iL . “,Tbpn,” said my iuforment,. ■ “.you consider it lawful to commit suicide:— ■ i“No,” answered Gordon; “ except under phe jnomenal conditions of suffering without remedy. Many and many a time during tbe past yens I would have bailed death as a blessed relief, if it came as the Almighty message; but! never felt j usiifiod to anticipate His decree.” ■ It is worth noting, as showing the interest which foreigners are beginning -to take ia ear Australian colonies, that the Remt da Jlea' Monde* devotes over 50 pages of its last number to’ ah'article, dram full of facts and figures, about them. , r-,-\ ... ....... Much- surprise has been caused in religion! circles, in this colony as welt as in New Sooth iWales (says tbe Age), by the sudden and alto gether; unlocked for.diaappearsnce from Sydney ;of tho lay manager of tho Church, of England Record, » clerical Journal published in that city, having also a large circulation in Victoria. The I gentleman who has thus mysteriously vanished j from sight was appointed about two yean ago. iHe received a fair salary, and, producing ex cellent home credentials, was received into good society. He had the sole control of tho.fioaooal ■department of the journal, and unlimited con fidence wns reposed in him by the two clergy ’men with whom ho was associated in the manage* ’ment of the paper. He was, moreover, warden at tho church at Pyrmbnt, and a Sunday school teacher of exemplary habits. Very , recently, however, one day he was found missing, to gether with quite a considerable sum. Inspector Kennedy, of the Victorian'detective office, bo been communicated with in tbe_ hope of the mystery being unravelled by” his assistance. The warrant issued for the defaulter's art® charges him with stealing a cheque for »1* 3d, the property of the proprietors of the Charm of England Record. . He in described as a yonc? man 22 years of age. ■ Captain Short, the mate, and three rf crew of the waterlogged schooner Nightiogai arrived at Auckland in the steamer 4"**"’ from Fiji. They were rescued by the barq Bemijio,. about 95 miles from Sydney, an “.* Bl landed in : Fiji. They were adrift six d»ya ia open boat. It will he remembered (sal 1 ' Age) that, on the 2nd iost., tbe Nightiogai arrived safely in Port Jackson in charge ot I of the crew, the vessel having been abandon the captain'and the remainder of , c ' ' who put off in an open boat on the 23rd >' when about 240 miles from Sydney, steamer Captain Cook was at once despatched, i , the* New South' Wales Government in j*« of the boat, but she returned on tho 6“' . without having discovered • any trace o» missing men. It will been seen that they _ slowly making , their .way towards Sydney * , rescued by the Bemijio. : Mr Dailey has received a’ letter from dore Paschen, ; of the Gorman corvat.e rotnrhing thanks for the courtesy exte^caeo ■Him daring his stay in the Sydney P° rt- „ Dailey has caused to be presected tethocii . .dore* a collection consisting of all to o , maps, itc., published et the 6 ve ™, jj j Printing. Office, illustrative.of tho r ® ou . the colony, and also the copy of a boor p - lished by the Government concerning Bf( . potion of New Guinea, a copy of wbicn * eentedio the’Queen.” The commodore uu “ to .Mr Dailey, thab'ha would transmit “ 0 p photographs, and work on New Guinea t Bismarck, .who; he was sure, would receive -with very'gfeat pleasure. - t A. miner-named David Phieffer wss ,' yj c iori» terday. morning in the New Chum aD JJ. to . Company, Irbnbark, at Sandhurst. R 9 .. ijjj work‘oil the night shift at the stopes^ } “v-- ffl0 tii... after firing a shot f e3ter ”2 »h«o ing ho began prising down the T" Jjpja-•; sdddenjy about. tour tons came away , ; ( - pletoiy'.oovered him. Upon -wae found that life was extinot- ~* D Jhstai'.i waS 'abbnt'SS years of age, is married, a . ■» ! jWldow and.two children, both grown P* : For some time, past sheep farmers Newbridge ootrespdndeiit of the vertiser) have bean troubled, 0 “nf theif suffered;greatiosees by thede3traoti_ , ■ flooke. The lambs seem to aT f l i.e s ft* most. John Douglass „tj agpi^-Of.o'course every P e^°J neighborhood who happened w oa , a dog, had that.partioular dog I*"?, ,„imJ b* done the mischief, so many a tat tutu ■ueonmbed. te-a, charge of P°J“* ar4 g Still the real culprit was never wbp, he' wa»;fbund'out by. a: man named ; ;.whi|a'aVwork■ et Somerset t#koO »»•*..■ fox,’,in its’ laat "agonies, it kaytnß .-jjgjlrt*,: upon Cay’* tun, about one and a nai tbeno» “ fox northern \- ' •' -— — : ’~—— : r s ;l'' . • • s ';,.<a3. ■'■■. will'bo hold tWs evening 1 , in. B. S- q£. '■'va- " h , on -wni\dbUTer"an'aadr«w w : 'Wawws 1 45fl^ 8, * v'iaii ?^&f;*opstS«WJ.; flier olB , o of Bridge street, a work 6f D ?h a ot 6 h«peof ,:a *rra|Cotti r of" you dirty boy,” by Gi&rantu; " jtotastM cnpy of the original marble Foe*^, 1 * a “ t |j e Paris Exhibition?* The idea. pirA'f 6 ' 1 ,f * ig D ext to gbdlinessiwOuW seem. ' AM » nill' be given this evening, at the S? yer, «, Presbyterian:. Church; ISArmstrong B^ D i The F mulcnl illustrations will be ren-„ street* ( ohoiri consiating of membom 4ered by a K b fiC u oo j assisted by the church. 0' ?»S* n/s and numfceri/g in ,all ; 100: llll ? lr «1,0 1 have been in active- training, for; \--ToiwV nJt Mr 6. A. Maxwell, of Mel- f m i*, giig the connective readings and bourse, win _ -jj be chairman. . r Miss at the orgatf. -and. the, be uodlsr the conduotorehip of Mr, J. The proceeds are for the liquidation T; “JJ" ’ tha c h U roh and'manse, " ! ■ ' ; 0 « W C E Jones* lecture. .to-night in the; . .JitS 'Hall. South street,’ undeiftha auspices. Debating Society, on “‘Par • oftbeso c heß.”-Ihß-admisaion is. free -«, tt a collection- will be’made, to ! Tho lecture S o'clock. 