The Passing, of Queen C11o e. Last of a royal race, she stood Upon the v sllseo street, . - Her black head hidden in uier hood And bare her broad black feet, Yet wore she as become a"quieen Her old and tattered bdmbazine:' A Drydof themourning woods ;Was she. .Theyenrswee htr eby A. And left her mas i wreck the-floods - Lbave straided high'and dry : In fact, the wroods,'give her her due;, "-' No dryer Dryad ever kn?w. Not all her kindred's kingly dust,? Her sires' rissiduum, Would in the township get her trust For one poorpint of rum. So have the milghty fllen:.so Has fled the.faith of long ago Time was swice waddy-weaponed, they, .Theo n'aked chlefeof old, Would never mention trust or pay, -- . ' Or talk of bought or sold, But simply seize their beef and bread, : And leave the station-cook for dead. '.: Aas ! those good o"days are gone, .Ahs all-goe things go eron Where is the head~thatsat upon , •:. Our Melbournebrewer's beer , . You lift your glass, that white head sinks- The same law levels days and drinks.,;,: And so, like a squat silhouette " Etched out against the sky, She stood until the sun had set, . . : *As sober and as dry ; Thinking how former suns had sunk, And left.her noble fathers drunk, . Till withherm nusings mixeda sound.ic d m:,e Of music deftly made,..:. " .. . By him who kept the village pound, -And Lydiadn measures played. . The instrument he thundered on Was the sublime abcordion. It was a wild unearthly air WVith a moet fimdich fall--. A mixture of the "Over there," Aid th? "De.ad March in a?L I wbnder it did not exhumci " The saestro from h is mouldy tomb The stsy he hiladledaindol's art -Was a griu sight to see It fetched the simplesavae heart: ' • .. Ofhier Black Majesty; : For in that veryT'ime and place She heard the dead march of her race. And sate the dark procession 'iass Prophet and sage anod seer- :' s.s iho seesdarkhy through aglass-'-' : r Of brandy, por of ber. '':': :" Elachhriidished in his.hand full.fre:,: fr - e ' A baottle as in uioc`kery. Her head drooped lowe on her breast, Her pi tpedropped from her jaw. . :. The ghosts filed by. The last one pressed '.' Upon his fellow, :-Pausie;' 0O reader, hero, for here'she.died .: ,".. To sivell tlmt grims processon s pride.,. ,, Out where thwildi'-do? cei,? ,.; Aiid kgaingips come there to h peep , And 'posums pipe themi eyes: Ii toriid thirst she passed away-. ' - She 'lied to da'to Iret ier cldy ! is s , "Anien , 