NEWS OF TEE DAT. At St, Leonarda, last evening, the Premier addressod the electors at considerable length on political affairs in general, and the polioy of the nevy Ministry in par- ticular. At the conclusion of the lion, gentleman's address the usual vote of confidence was carried in his favour by a largo majority. Bra Patmok Jxnhwqs returned to Sydney yesterday from the country, hut "was not sworn in as Colonial Treasurer. He will bo sworn in, we are informed, to- day. ' Yesterday, Mr. Farnell sent in his resignasion as Minister for Justice, for 'the reasons contained in the following lettor to the Premier:-" Eydo, October 8, 1885\. My dear Dibbs,-As you are aware I was anxious to retire from public life, but being loyal to my lato colleagues and to yourself, I accepted the position of Minister for Justice, and tho representation of your Government in the Legislative Council. The address of your Land Minister to the electors of Gunnedah is a gross libel on the able and efficient officers of the Lands Department, and a reflection upon my- self. I can and will at the proper time speak of the honesty and ability o£ the officers of the Department, over which I have presided for many years. Your Land Minister's address will preclude me from allying myself with your Govern- ment I therefore herewith enclose to his Excolloncy tho Governor my resignation of tho office of Minister for Justice, and representative of the Government in the Legislative Council. I am, yours very truly, James 8. Fahskjc The Hon. G. II. Dibbs, Colonial Secretary." "Wo understand that Mr. Farnell's resignation was not accepted yesterday, and that he will see Mr. Dibbs upon the subject this morning. It is stated in a cabio message from our correspon- dent that the report as to Sir Alexander Stuart's sup- posed appointment as Agent-General was publishod in London by Beuter, but was afterwards withdrawn. "With regard to this matter, wo aro informed that Reuter's Agency in Sydney, acting upon what was be- lieved to be trustworthy information, transmitted to its London office the report that Sir Alexander Stuart had been appointed as Executive Commis- sioner for the Exhibition. It was found soon afterwards that tho statement was in- correct, and a message was sent cancelling the first telegram. The correction, however, arrived too later and the first message was published. But the mistake did not end hore, for tho telegram, which seems to havo been misinterprofed in London, mado out that Sir A. Stuart had been appointed as Agent-General, instead of Executive Commissioner. In the original telegram, we aro assured, not a word was said about tho Agent-Generalship. The following cablegram concerning the loan was received yesterday by the Colonial Treasurer from Sir Saul Samuel, Agent-Gcnoral :-" Applications, amount- ing to £12,380,700, at prices varying from £95 12s. to minimum. Tender at £91 11s. 6d. will receive about 26 per cent of amount applied for; above that, in full. Averago prico, £91 13s. öd. Above 1200 tenders. Syndicate applied for nearly all at £91 11s. 6d." It may bo remembered that Mr. Withers, in the Legislativo Assembly, recently drew attention to the fact that the danger buoy off Dobroyde Point had either been removed or got adrift, and that the Govern- ment promised to call tho attention of tho Marine Board to the matter, with a view to having it replaced. That promise has been redeemed, and yesterday the buoy was once moro stationed in ita old position. It may be well for boatmen and fishing parties in this direction to keep a lookout for the buoy, because unless thoy give it a wide berth they may como to grief. It is at this spot whore Lieutenant Gowland lost his fife some years ago, through his boat having been upset by one of those mysterious rollers, known as " bumborers," which rise up suddenly in .mooth water and swamp all small craft that comes in the way. So long as boats are well outside tho buoy they are Bafe, but if too near it, or between it and tilo shore thoro is imminent danger, as tlioso rollers rise up without giving the slightest warning. The Local Option Leaguo Committee met at the Temperance Hall yesterday afternoon, Mr. Alexander Hutchison in the chair. A report re starting a branch at Balmain was received, and Messrs. Byrne and Knapp were appointed as a deputation to attend the opening of a branch for Petersham and Leichhardt at tho Albert Hall on Tuesday evening next It was decided that the hon. secretary should write to Mr. G. H. Boid, and state that sevoral speakers wore proparcd to meet him singly in publio dobate on tho question of full local option, taking his recent speech against the principio as tho basis of the question. Copies of election manifesto for 1885 were tabled, and a first edition of 25,000 ordered to bo printed for distribution to tho 600 tem- poráneo lodgos throughout the colony and to the com- mittees of those in favour of full local option. It waa unanimously resolved,-"That friends of temporáneo all through tho colony bo earnestly requested at this crisis to vote only for those candidates favourable to full local option, as by supporting mon antagonistic to the same thoy are likely to return candidates who would vote against tho principio in Parliament and so help to neutralise the efforts of the friends of temperance." It was determined to continue advertising the opinions of eminent men on full local option in the dally papers. Tho committee sat lato discussing sundry important political points, and adjourned to this afternoon at 4. o'clock. Bomb of tho members of tho Intercolonial Trades Union Congress yesterday, restrained a desiro whioh they had manifested at previous sittings to 6peak at great length; and in consequence of the number of speakers being fewer, and the speeches shorter, a large amount of business was dealt with. The proposal to abolish State aid to immigration was adopted, and a motion waa carried in favour of restrictive measures being taken against the introduction of Chinese or Coolie labour. A series of resolutions brought up by a special committee, having in view the federation of all tho trade and labour unions in Australia, was also adopted. Tub last portion of the main sower from Hyde Park to Bondi and Ben Buckler Point was pioroed yesterday. All that remains to be done now is to complete the lining, whioh it is expected will bo finished about the middle of next year. The work has been delayed some- what owing to the difficulty of getting a sufficient quantity of suitable bricks. The criminal business of the Metropolitan Quarter Sossions was concluded at Darlinghurst Courthouse yes- terday, before Judge Murray. Sarah Tuokor was sen- tenced to 12 months' light labour for breaking and entering and stealing dress materials. Josoph Wright was acquitted on a chalga of assault with intent to commit a criminal offence. John Scott, who stood charged with robbery, was remanded for trial, on ac- count of tile prosecutor, who was a seaman, being barbound at the Manning Itivor. The hearing of appeals against magistrates' decisions will commence at 10 a.m. to-day. Nine cases havo been sot down for considera- tion. Thb various Uro insurance comparaos transacting business in Sydney have had under their consideration for some considerable time the desirability of forming amongst their body an association having for its objects more particularly the establishment of uniform practice, and the protection of their interests generally. A body hss now been formed under the title of the " New South Wales Fire Underwriters' Association," to carry out these objects. At a meeting hold yesterday at the Underwriters' Association office, Mr. M. W. S. Clarke ?waa unanimously sleeted oW_-i_u__ i_P the association, and Messrs. Church, Gibb, Goddard, Hague Smith, Tinley, and Treacy,* were elected b'y ballot to be the first members of committee. "With a few trifling excep- tions, the principal offices aro represented in the Associa- tion. L - Some months ago the Church, Society tor ,tho Diocese of Sydney voted ¡£500 for the salaries of two clergymen to be attached to St. Andrew's Cathedral, but to bo available for;general service in the diocese^ The clergymen selected to undertake this work, the Eev. A. R. Bartlett, M.A., of "Wadham College, Oxford, and the Rev. E. 0. Beck, of lung's College, London, have entered upon their duties. At the last meeting of tho Chapter they were appointed minor canons of St. Andrew's Cathodral, but as their salaries aro not derivod from Cathedral funds, it is understood that their sorviccs are only given in tho Cathedral when not roquired elsewhere The building committee appointed to carry'out tiie orection of the chaptor- houso to be annexed to St. Andrew's Cathedral, as a memorial of the lato Bishop Barker, mot at the Ohuroh. Socioty's Houso on TRurs day last, the Primate in the chair. It was resolved that the corner stone be laid on St. Andrew's DayVSOtk proximo, at 4.80 p.m. This day was considered most appropriate, as it is tho anniversary of the consecration of tho late bishop, as woll as of the cathedral. The position of tho corner stone selected will bo at the north- eastern end of the neiv building, near the entrance to the south transept. Wo understand that the admission will be by ticket. Due noticewill bo given when the arrange- ments aro complete, r The monthly meeting of the Animals Protection Society was held on Wednesday. There were present Messrs.'E. Posbery (presiding), J. Tait, J. Horbury Hunt, W. Beaumont, and the secretary, J. Sidney. The usual finance business having been transacted, the chairman read the draft annual report, which was ap- proved ; also a special report from tho inspector relative to the conveyance of calves and pigs on steamers coast- wise, which showed that with few exceptions the vessels engaged in carrying stock were ill-provided with properly constructed pens, and that no provision was made for watering during transit. The committee commented upon the brutality of sending to the market calves only two or three days old, many of them never receiving any food naturally or otherwise. The summary of the operations of the Society, for September are as follows:-Prosecutions 9, cases'withdrawn 2, convic- tions 7, cautions 82, complaints 8, cases investigated 6. Two very fine orchids in full flower are now to bo scon at Mr. Graham's stall in the Goorgo stacet Market. They are from the conservatories of Alderman J. Young, of Kentville, North Annandale. One namod Dendrobium ' anosmum has a beautiful rose-coloured bird-shaped flower, and its whole cluster of blossoms is like a flight of birds. The other, called Cypredium vexillarium, is of a purplo brown or pink, with striped wings. The Dendrobium Anosmum, which ia a scarce plant, is stated^ to be from Manilla. The flowers are largo, and aro pro- duced in pairs doivn the stem, and they last two or three weeks in perfection. The plant, being drooping and deciduous, is best grown in a basket, The Cypripedium vexillarium is the result of a cross between-0. Eairrieanum and C. Barbatum, being exactly intermediate.' The leaves are pale green, with a foyv dark markings. The flowers are about the size of 0. Fairrieanum, doisal sepal, yvhito, tinged with green towards the boee, suffused with light purplo, and streaked with a darker shade of the same colour. The petals aro defloxed and purplish, tinged with green, and tho lip is largo and light, and brown-veined. At prosent tliis plant is extremely rare. Mr. Young has a fine col- lection of flowers at Kontvillo, which ho is noyv an- nouncing as open to the public. The gymnasium in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association rooms, in Pitfrstroot, has boen recently completed, and, from ita appearance and excellent arrangement, should provo a great source of attraction. The gymnasium is 72 foot long by 42 in breadth, and 22 in height. It is built on a separate floor, yvith pillars running down to the foundation, so that no vibration is caused in any of tho other rooms. The ventilation and lighting have been carefully attended to. i Professor Olampett, who is in chargo of the classes, is an undergraduate of iho Medical College. of New York, and before, alloyv ing any of ' the intending pupils to take oxercise ho uses the stethoscope to ascertain whether they are in a lit state of koaltli to undergo a course of alhlotics. The professor has introduced several novel appliancos for strengthening the limbs, including a section of a sliding-seat boat, with cords and weights vrorking on pulleys for tho hands, in place of oars. In addition to these, the gymnasium has been carefully fitted up under his supervision with trapezes, horizontal* and vertical bars and ladders, vaulting bara and horses, dumb-lells, Indian clubs, &o.; There aro also dressing^ and bath rooms, and everything has been provided to afford propor means of recreation. Apbopos of the general election, the Primate of Australia will preach to- morrow evoning at 7 o'clock in the Cathedral on " Electoral Duty from a Christian Point of View." A coheespondent writes suggesting that the con- tractors for tho wooden pavement in Goorge-streot should instruct the carters in their employ to lot down ' the propsticks of the drays while the latter are being filled, so as to relieve the horses of the unnecessary weight of the load. A lauge number of spurious £5-notea on tho Union Bank have been passed during the last two or tHrco days in the Redfern district, no fewer than four having been successfully uttered within half an hour on WceV nesday evening last to four different publicans within a radius of 100 yards. The person who is thus defraud- ing the publio is desciibed as being tall, woll'dressed, and of gentlemanly appearance. The forged notes aie rathor cleverly done with pen and ink, and require to bo closely inspected before the fraud is detected. Wo have been requested by the police to warn shopkeepers and others to bo on their guaid. The distribution of trophies won at the recent Church of England Graininai School sports took place yestoiday afternoon, at tho School House, Church- hill. The Mayor, as president of the School Athletic Club, pro sided. He spoke strongly in favour of physical educa- tion, and, after congratulating the masters and hoys upon the pi-ogress made by tho school during the past year, said he doubted not that next year's gathering yvould be oven moio successful, if that wore possible/than this, and aleo promised to again present a trophy. The Rev. J. D. Langley, after calling for three cheers for his Worship (which wore most vigorously given by the boys) said ho was pleased to seo an old friend on the platform (Captain Mulholland), ono who had been grossly and cruelly maligned ; but who had the love and respect of the boys and of all who know kim. At the monbon of the captain's name the boys applauded long and vigourously. Threo oheers for the Rev. J. D. Langley and the masters biought the proceedings to a close. A veby impressive choral sorvico was held last even- ing at Christ Church, Enmore, the occasion being tho induction of the Bov. J. Lintott Taylor, by tho Most Hov. tho Piimato, to the incum- bency of Enmore. A large congregation had assembled. After the anthem "The heavons are tolling " had been rendorod by tho choir, under tho directorship of Mr. Hugh Duff, tho organist, Mr. J. Hinchcliffe, one of the wardens of the parish, read the license of tho Bishop instituting the Eev. Taylor to the incunibenoy. Prayers having been offered, and tho hymn " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," sung, the Primate, taking his text ûom the second lesson, dolivored a short but very eloquent and impressive address to thoro present A hymn was thon silng, and tho congregation dispersed. A death, caused in an extraordinary manner, has boon ropoitod. Patrick M'Timmey, an inmato of tho Gladesville Lunatic Asylum, died on the 3rd instant, from an abscesB of the brain. Prom the evidence' elicited at the inquest, hold by tho Parramatta District Coronor on Satuiday last, it appears that the deceased had been an inmato of the asylum for nearly four years. Dining the past two yeais he had shoyvn a ten- dency to mutilate himself, and had in consequence to bo carefully watched. On tho 28th ultimo ho was so ill that he had to bo put to bed, and, on being questioned as to tho nature of a small wound in his head, said it was caused by a nail which ho had diiven into his skull two months pieviously. Ho had been spoken to about tho wound somo limo ago, but then said that it yvas caused by an accidental blow with tho buckle of his bolt The nail was found to bo embedded in the brain to a depth of an inoh and a half, and had caused an abscess to form. The skin had, howover, grovvt over the wound. The nail was removed by Dr. Boss ; but the man gradual'V soak, and died on the 3rd instant. Deceased, in ex plaining ,how ho had injured himself, said ¿hat he i placed the point of the nail against his forehead, and drove it as far as 'possible hy striking it with ono hand, I holding it with the other, and then, hy Imockinghis hoad , against the wall, drove it right in. The jury found that death resulted from an abscess of the brain, caused by a nail, surreptitiously obtained, and driven into his head by deceased about six wooka previously. ' Two extraordinary scenes (our correspondent reports) occurred at the Parramatta Quarter Sessions yesterday. Judgo Wilkinson objeoted to the manner in which tho Crown Prosecutor, Mr. Pitcairn, was conducting the oxamination'of a witness in a case of garrotting, and ,told that gentleman that, as ho failed to elicit tho ovidenco, ho (Judgo Wilkinson) must conduct the examination himself. Mr. Pitcairn attempted to1 explain, but was told that no altercations could be per- mitted in Court, and if he could not do his work better; it' would' bo advisable for him to leave. This gave rise to a most unseemly wordy warfare, tho judgo persisting in examining the witnesses, and the Crown Prosecutor' in re-examining them. Thus matters went on till lunoh' time. After the adjournment another scene occurred, which resulted in his Honor ordering Mr. Pitcairn to leave tho court, which he did after a great deal of argu- ment, carrying the depositions with him. His Honor then desired Mr. Canaway to act as Grown Prosecutor, but the Clerk of th'o Peace deolined to hand over the depositions to Kim, which led to an altercation 'botwoon his Honor and that official. After some delay the Grown' Prosocutor returned, and conducted the examina- tion of the witnesses until the Court adjourned for the day. A kew minutes before 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon, at â* building being erected by Mr. William Massey, in Millof-street,' St Leonards, the front wall suddenly fell 'forward on to the footpath, seriously injuring a girl, 10 years of age, a daughter of Mr. Peter Oog, who was passing at the timo. The child was at onco removed to the shop of Mr. Guise, chemist, and Dr. ' Clarke was called in. On examination, it was found that her leg was broken at the thigh, and that she was very badly cut about the head. There wero also bruises on the body. It appears that tho wall was boirig built from tho inside, upon an -iron girder, whioh was 10 or 12 feet from the ground, and that, having no cross walls to support it, tho wall fell as before described. , As numbers of children usually pass the spot on their way to school about the time of the accident it was most fortunato that no ono elso was injured. Two men who were employed on the building escaped unhurt A laboelt-attended and enthusiastio meeting of brickmakers 'was held at the Town-hall, St Peters, ""Cook's River dam, last evening, for tho purposo of con- sidering tho advisability of forming themselves into a union.- Mr. O'connell presided. Addresses wero de- livered by Messrs, Allen, Trenwith, and Abrahams, Vic- torian dologates to tho Trade Congress ; Mr. Bice, of , the Sydney Labourers' Union ; and Mr. Hibbert who had convened the meeting. On the motion of Mr. Hib- bert, seconded by Mr. Henry Brand, it was unanimously resolved to form a Brickmakers' Labour "Lfoion, with an entrance fee of Is., and a weekly sub | scription of Od. A committee of management was enrolled, for the purpose of carrying out the objects of the meeting. Over 200 members enrolled themselves into tlie newly-formed union at the meeting. Votes of thanks to the delegates for attending, and to the chairr .man for presiding, brought the proceedings to a olose. In tho notice of Griffin's Factory, which appeared in yesterdaj's issue of tho Herald*, for Bubb read Budd. The following is tho order of Musical Sorvico at St. Andrew's Cathedral to- morrow afternoon :-Magnificat, Staiher, in B flat; Nuno dimittis, Stainer, inB flat; Anthem, Stainer's, " I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and tho ending, saith tho Lord." A slight error occurred in our report of Mr. Tyrer's Bpecch, which he delivered at the Tramway Traolo picnic, ut ?Chow dor, îelntivo to the passenger traffio in 1879 and 1S85. Mr. Tyrei's words wero :-"In 1879 if wo earned 6000 passengers in one dav it was considered a big day, hut now we consider it a big day when wo carry 150,000' pas- sengers. 