RELIGIOUS NEWS. ST. BEDE'S GHUBCH, SEMAPHORE.—THE alterations now in progress at St. Bede's Church, Semaphore, will include the addition of 100 new sittings. The chancel will be taken back 20 feet to afford the requisite b'oace, and the additions to tbe walls will be of iron and wood. The old chancel will be again used. Mr. James Williams has the contract in hand, and the time for its completion is two months. POET ADELAIDE AND SEMAPHORE WES- LEYAN CIRCUIT.—The annual Home Mission meetings in the Port Adelaide and Semaphore Wesleyan Circuit have just been concluded. Interesting reports of the past year's work were presented, and addresses were given by the Revs. E» Kelly andH. H. Teague and others. The various choits and Sunaay- Bchools assisted at the meetings, which were much better attended than usuaL The services of the lady collectors, by whose diligence the returns were largely augmented, were cordially acknowledged. THE JREV. PA XTON HOOD.—This well-known Independent minister, whose death we announce this morning,is tlmsnoticed in "Men of the Time":—" The Rev. Ed*in Paxtou flcod, eon of an old English sailor, who served under Nelson in the T6m£ra*re, born at Westminster in 1820, was educated privately. He was for many years a minister of the Independent denomination, and preached in London. He was for many years the editor of the Eclectic Review, ana for some years edited the Preacher's Lantern. fie bft? written • Wordsworth, a Biography/ 'The Age and its Architects,' *A Life of Swedenboig,'' Self-Formation,' 'The Peerage of Poverty,' 'The Dark Days of Queen -Mary,' 'The Golden Times of Queen Bess,' 'Dresm Land and Ghost Land,' 'Genius and Industry.' 'Literature of Labour,' 'Old England, ' Mental and Moral Philosophy of Laughter,' 'Self- Education,' 'The Uses of Biography, Romantic, Philosophic, and Didactic, 'Dark Sayings on a Harp,' and ' The Earnest Minister.' He was the author a'to of a large volume entitled 'Larnp3, Pitchers, and Trumpets Lectures,' on the vocation 6! tbe preacher, ' Blmd Amos,' 'Bye-Path Meadow,' besides editing two bu'ky volumes, 'The World of Anecdote' and The World of Religious Anecdote.' More recently he published a course of lectures on' The Villages of the Bible.' He w.\s the biographer of the distinguished Nonconformist, the Rev. Thomas Biuney. His latest prose works were an elaboratejexposi tion of the genius and .of Thomn.s Carly'e; 'Oliver Cromwell: his life, times, battle- folds, and contemporaries' (1882); and 'Scottish Characteristics' (1883). He also presented himBe 'hi 1 ? in verse as the author of 'The Maid of Nuremberg' and other voluntaries. Mr. Hood was well known to his own denomination as a preacher, and tbe author of mauy published seimons, and had an extensive popularity as a lecturer oi subjects connected with general literature or social questions." 