In past numbers we have called particular attention to the disgraceful state of the principal thoroughfare of Port Melbourne. Adhering to our motto, we have 'suggested without dictating, but up to the present have witnessed no practical results from our efforts. At last we have dis covered a ray of light in the mist hanging over this road, and clearly see written the words—' want of funds.' Had the discovery been made before, the ratepayers would have been placed in full possession of the fact. . At Thursday's meeting of the council while the finance report was being considered, that Cr. Tarver opened the mist with a reiteration of his previously expressed determination 'not to sign any more cheques' for the reason that ' whatever he brought forward was opposed and rejected.' Surprise was manifested by those assembled, when Cr. Quinn rose and announced ' that he did not intend to sign any more cheques.' In reply to the question of the Mayor, Cr. Quinn stated his willingness to again act on the Finance Committee 'as soon as the committee was properly con stituted ' At present only Cr. Plum mer and himself attended, and it was necessary for a member of the Public Works Committee to sit to form a quorum. The Finance Committee, as it is at preseut constituted, has really no voice in the expenditure of the borough funds, and had to sign cheques they believed to be illegal, simply because they (the Finance Committee) naa to suomit to any the Public Works Committee decided on. At the present moment the borough account was overdrawn nearly £5000. The endowment, license fees, and larger half of the rates had been received, and the balance to come would only cover the ordinary cost of working, without spending one shilling on the main road. His final objection was ' that he did not approve of the Public Works Com mittee spending money for works that can be done without.' Such a start, ling statement needed sifting, and we learn that in August last the Finance Committee was elected, consisting of four members, viz., Crs. Quinn, Plummer, Tarver, and Donaldson. The last-named councillor's attendance, is represented on the roll by' a unit. The last two meetings Cr. Tarver has refused to 'sit, and has tendered his resignation as a member of the com mittee. This reduces the membership to Crs. Quinn and Plummer, and as Or. Quinn refuses to sit on the com mittee while it is constituted as at present, Cr. Plummer represents the chairman and committee in one. It is to be regretted that the hitch should have occnrrcd at the present time, when it is necessary to so closely supervise the expenditure of the borough funds. The fact of the borough funds being overdrawn need not alarm as is within our knowledge that several much smaller boroughs than Port Melbourne have topped the score by several thousand pounds, and yet, under careful supervision, have .pulled through their difficulties with credit to themselves. Port Mel bourne can do the same, and doubtless will do so. Our suggestion is — recon- stitute the Finance Committee at once, so that the present unsatisfac tory condition of the borough fund may be amended, and the council enabled to execute many necessary works.: . A. LETTER from the Central Board of Health fell like a bomb amongst tbe councillors of Port Melbourne at the meeting last Thursday evening. The board wrote, ' recommending the removal of the abbatoirs, and stated j that, as they would ? have to be removed sooner or later, the sooner onr council started the better.' For a space there was silence; then two councillors exclaimed, 'That's some more of the Harbor Trust's dodges.' We wilt not mnlre the fijtfiprh'on tlinf the Trust wane somewhere at hand while the' communication was being prepared, but leave our readers to draw their own conclusions from the following statement of facts : — The - abbatoirs have just undergone a com plete renovation under the direct supervision of the Central Board's, engineer and inspector. In the course of time the- Harbor Trust will require the land the abbatoirs stand upon to form a number of small streets. The amount of compensation the Trust will have to part with should reach nearly £3000. New, the Trust naturally would prefer grabbing the land' for nothing than disbursing the necessary coin of the realm. What is more prpbable, therefore, than that .the Trust sbndd inform the Central Board that the abbatoirs can never be improved, and that they, as guardians of the public health, should recommend its immediate removal 1 How kind of of the Trust, saith the Board, and they send the communication of Thursday last. The ratepayers will be pleased to learn that the little game of grab has been nipped in the hud, and a reply sent to the effect that the Borough Council of Port Melbourne is quite capable of conducting its own business, * In this weeks issue we give a contribution by ' A Rambler.' Rambler bis chosen South Melbourne as his first field for observation, after which we trust he will notice Port Melbourne. Having supplied onr readers with such a lengthy report of the war meeting, we were compelled to hold over part of onr police report and the schedule of works under the South Melbourne loan, already in type. The ambulance class at tbe blinders -street station, wbich has for its teacher Mr Warren, of North Brighton has been found to be too large and unwieldy, and it lias been decided to divide it into two classes of twenty-five pupils each. Classes will be established shortly at the Sailors' Home and at Williams town, and at the various country centres Why should not Port Melbourne have a class ? We hope the matter will be taken up now that we are on the e of forming a large infantry force. We acknowledge the receipt of the twenty fifth annual report of the Equitable Life Insurance Society. The balance sheet dis closes the amount of funds at end of year as £12,078,509 fie 5d. We learn that Mr McAllister has beeh appointed the local agent. Councillor Plummer made a bit at the Council meeting on Thursday night. ' I W ucuctc ill MbUUg UUIiMLTU IWQ Councillors in committee, and not being able to do one thing or the other' said Councillor Tarver. ' A happy medium, quoth Coun cillor Plummer.' On Monday Messrs McClure, Valentine and Company, sell by auction tbe stock and plant of Mr Cooper, butcher, Bay-street. The general committee of the South Mel bourne Mechanics' Institute, held their monthly meeting on Monday evening last. Dr. Ha i g, J.P., occupied the chair, and the following members of Committee were pre sent Messrs. Stanhope, Benuie, Wilkin son, Swift, Palmer, Eggleston, and Rayson. The total revenue of the month amounted to £39 3a. 7d., and acoounts were psssed for payment for £65 17s. 2d. Nine new mem bers bad joined during the month, and ten withdrawn, the present nnmber of members being 342. Die usual monthly magazines, journals, and papers had been added, and 676 books had been exchanged. The usual meeting of the Dorcas-street Young Men's Improvement Society was held last Ihursday evening, and was of a very interesting and instructive character. An address on ' Well Doing ' was delivered by Mr. French a in, and an Ambulance Lecture was given by Mr. Moore, who gave prac tical information, illustrated with sp'ints Ac. how to treat accidents wbich frequently occur in daily life. W e are pleased to hear that plain clothes constable O'Donnell, who was lately pro moted from Port Melbourne for the smart ness he displayed in bringing criminals to justice, is distinguishing himself in the detective force of Melbourne. The best thanks of the residents arc due to his Worship the Mayor, our Town Clerk and tlie other gentlemen who got up and assisted at the defence meeting on Tuesday night. The local militia force is filling rapidly. Let us hope our young men will come for ward in answer to the advertisement in this week's Standard. We desire to draw attention to a notice in onr advertising columns of the opening of a new billiard room, by Mr. Rimnier, of the George Hotel, South Melbonrne. From the well known eonrtesy and business aptitude of the worthy liost, we can safely augur a successful issue to his new venture. A singing contest, in connection with the Port Melbourne Excelsior Class, was held on Saturday evening last, for tbe prize of half a guinea, the giftof Mr. F. Robbins. Seven lads took part, Master P. Brean's^reudering of ' Oft in the Stilly Night,' receiving tlie award of the judge. Mr. Freame has inti mated his intention to present the class with an harmonium. A singing class !-»» been formed under Mr. Freame, junior. A 'spelling bee, 'for Mr. Freame's priz^ of half a guinea, takes place shortly. The usual quarterly meeting of the True Standard of Freedom Lodge, No. 26, 1.O.G. T- of the World, was held in tbe Temper ance Hall, South Melbourne, on Saturday. May 2nd. Tbe reports of tbe various officers were read, and showed the lodge had increased in membership during the quarter, and all working harmoniusly together. The following ? officers were then installed into their respective positions for the ensuing quarter by Bro Woods, G.W.S., assisted by Bros Campbell and Sbilberg W.C.T., Bro Spittle; W.V., SisL. Rensliaw ; U.S.! Bro E. Rensbaw ; W. T., Sis M. Rensliaw ; W.F.S., Sis M. Renshaw; W.C., Sis Tyrer; W.M., Bro Coultas ; W.I.G., Bro Kinsman; W.O.G., Bro T. Renahaw ; W.A.S., Sis E. Jamieson; W.D.M., Sis Mercer. After business of less importance was transacted, tbe lodge was closed by the W.C.T. We may also state that the above lodge intend holding a grand entertainment, in the above hall, on Wednesday, June 10th, for which a first-class programme has been arranged. Tbe sheriff, attended by tlie governor of the Melbonrne gaol. Mr. Dwyer, visited the convict, William Barnes, in tlie condemned cell, at eleven o'clock on Wednesday morn ing, and announced te him the decision of the Executive Council, that he was to lie executed on Friday the 15th inst The con vict received the information in silence, and seemed quite rerigned to his fate. ' Do onr Departed Friends return to this World ? ' with the meeting of a genuine witch, a real ghost, a great king, two ser vants, and the devil. What they met for. What they said and did. What became of them 1 ' Such was the somewhat sensa tional title of a so-called lecture delivered last Tnrsday evening, kyafiev. Mr. Onions, at tbe town-hall, South Melbourne. Tbe lecture proved to be a dry theological dis quisition, worthy of tbe immortal Dr. Dryasdust himself. Die lecturer's oratorical ability was on a par with his' subject. The mayor was announced te occupy tbe chair, but was ' conspicuous by his absence.' tile acuing vonl ^ was oiled by Jobu Nimmo, Esq., M.L.A., who evidently would have been more in bis element presiding over a rousing ' Blue Ribbon ' meeting, and was evidently thankful when tlie combination of ghost, king, servants, and vi w disposed of. The work of filling bags to form a sand bag battery at Port Melbourne is proceed ing rapidly. To the west of the railway pier nearly 100 men are to be seen daily hard at work with paint brush and shovel, and already large heaps of filled bags leave evidence of their labours. Cash versus Credit is now one of the ques tions of the day. The public bavc another opportunity afforded of testing the relative merits of the two systems by tlie opening of Mr. p. F. Kelly's ' Premier Provision Store,' 51 Bridport- street ' West. Mr. Kelly's store supplies a want long felt in this neighbourhood, and is well worthy of encouragement. Mr Alley, P.M., at the South Melbourne court, on Wednesday, granted a transfer of tlie license of the Whalers' hotel, York street, from James Taylor to Hugh Grimes. No opposition to the transfer was put for ward by the police. The openhig match between the Port Melbourne Imperial and Clifton Alberts was played on the ground of the latter and re sulted in a victory for the Imperial by 2 goals 9 behinds to 1 goal 4 behinds. At South Melbououe, on Tuesday, the city coroner held an inquest on the body of a male child, eight months old, the son of James and Alice Whitfield, who died from injuries received through his upsetting a can of boiling water over himself. The jury re turned a verdict of accidental death. Die ' Star Hotel,' Market-street, South Melbourne, is now conducted by Mr. T. R. Bntterworth. From bis many yean' resi dence in South Melbourne, and the high estimation in which he isheld by his friends, the host of the ' Star ' cannot fail to en sure the success he deserves. We offer best thanks to the secretaries of football clubs, who during last season, kindly forwarded reports of their matches for insertion in the Standard. To secure trnthful reports for this season we have decided that only reports bearing the sig nature of the secretaries or captains of clnbs wilt be inserted in these columns. A concert to aid Mrs. O'Keefe and her infant family, was given in the Town-hall Port Melbourne, on Monday evening. Cr. Tarver presided. Through tlis un avoidable absence of Mrs. Stevens and Miss Daly, in consequence of illness, the pro gramme slightly differed from the original. Miss Gray's rendition of the opening pianoforte solo Aas an artistic performance. *? The skipper and his boy,' song by Miss Wright; Miss Bruusdon's songs, 'Eileen Alanah,' and ' KUlarney ;' and Miss Tyrell's songs, ' Some Day' and ' The Dream, ' were loudly applauded. The gentle men perfornera Messrs Gammy, McLarty, Duncan and Kerr vocalists; Messrs Phillips and R. Lawson, stepdaucers ; and Mr. Francis' rentriloquial efforts, assisted to bring an excellent programme to a conclu sion. The wet night considerably marred the snccess of the concert financially. The South Melbonrne Cricket Ground will be tbe centre of attraction this after noon, should tiie weatber be fine one of the largest crowds will probably assemble to witness tbe match between the South Mel bourne and Carlton Football Clubs. The game commences at 3 p.m. sharp. Tiie trophies won at the recent sports competition in connection with the local cricket and football clubs, were presented to the winners at the Temperance Hall, last Thursday evening, by W. H, Swallow, Esq Through a slight misunderstanding on tbe part of the secretary, the member for the district — much to his regret — was prevented from being preseut on the occasion. The trophies as they were arranged on the tables, looked handsome, especially tbe pat rons' aud Mr W. Leslie's cups. The chair man in the conrse of his remarks, con gratulated the two clubs on the snccess of tbe sports, and promised to give a trophy to the value of ten guineas for competition at the next meeting. He did tliis i us bead of giving his usual prize to the football cluh, as prizes in the past instead of binding members together, only drew- tbeui to other clubs, a circumstance which he deeply re gretted. After a vote of thanks to the chairman awl to the various gentlemen who so kindly donated the prize mouey, the meeting closed. We are informed that the manner in which Constable Skechan, of Port Mel bourne, lately brought several criminals to justice for larcenies in the borough has gained that officer the favorable notice of the department. 