THE ENGINEER'S STORY. MAYHAP, stranger, you hev run over, the Pennyslvany Central Railroad. As you may say, I was born and brought up on that line, first as fireman, then engineer nigh on to twenty years. It's allers excitin' to run a machine, and when I was a fireman I used to think it was better to be top of one of them splendid e.gines than to be President of the United States. The day they first put me on the footboard and I took the lever in my hand and knew it was my engine, I reckon I was the proudest man between Pittsburg and Altoona. I kinder thought that everybody was goin' to be out thet day to see how the train made her run, and you kin bet all your specie that she went smack up to the minit the whole 7I7 miles. But this kind of spirit wore off after a while, 'n I settled down into a sober steady goin' man; 'n they did say that I wor as safe 'n reliable a inan as they hed in the business. I hev to say it, stranger, as there's nobody else to do it; elsewise you wouldn't know it. I was turned 23 wen me and Mary was married. Twenty-eight years ago! You hev a wife, stranger? Hevn't got no wife ! Well! I mayhap it's just as well. I had Mary some eight years, but it'don't seem like no time, now. I. left her there in the old Keystone State, her an' the boy. Sometimes I think I'd like to go back agin, and see the place where they both lie, but I suppose I never shall. Don't seem as if I had the heart to do it. It wasn't in any church yard, you know; but a little way up the mountain there was a green, quiet spot among the trees, and they are there-not more 'n 00oo feet, say, above the track-and I often wonder if Charley doesn't still dream, when the New York express thunders by, that his old father is holding the throttle. I put up a.snug cabin by the side of the road where I had a small clearin', and be tween whiles I used to plant my potatoes and things, enough to keep us going, and Mary and her garden. Mary allers took to flowers, as I used to tell her, jokin' like, 'cos she was one of the family. Then we had a cow, and Mary raised chickens, and I never see no person could do as much with chickens as Mary could. Jest seemed like those hens were allers strainin' of their selves laying eggs. You never see nothin' pay stricter attention to business than what they did. Never standin' about and foolin' around, but allers at it. And then they'd set an' hatch incredible. Mostly two broods a year, and brought 'em all up. Mary raised the cow. One of the neigh bours gave it to her when it was a calf, and she made much of it. I used to tie it to a stake near the cabin when it was a little thing for it to eat grass. Mary diln't know much about things then, she was young like, and one day she thought she'd put the calf in the stable. I told her she'd better not try it-she just a slight girl. Now a calf, you know, is the most deceivin' animal in the world. It don't look as if it had any strength, and yet it'll upset a full-grown man. So Mary unties the rope and starts for the shed, and the calf kicked up its heels and away it went. Mary held on the rope and away she went-thrown down, rolled over- and there was a confusion of calf and calico all over the place. There wasn't no bones broken, but Mary was the most amazed girl you ever saw. That calf grew up to be a knowi I' cow. She used to run out of the track just on purpose to frighten people. She'd stay on till the train was close up, but never got hit. The men soon all got to know her and didn't mind her. But when ever a new engineer came along and saw her he'd whistle brakes and raise a rumpus, often bringing the train to a dead stop. But she'd walk off just at the right time, and seemed to understand the joke. Our little cabin was in among the moun tains, a good ways from any other house, and I used to sometimes think that Mary must be lonely, with me away so much of the time. You see, I was allers out three nights in the week. I went up in the day time, passing my house at noon, and down again that night, passing at midnight. But I was home two or three days in the week and allers Sunday. The place where we lived was a wild region of country, and the storms we used to have up there, so high in the air, was fearful. I didn't tell you anything about the boy ? No I Well, do you know I took to him the very first moment, And that's a very curious thing about babies. Now I never fancied 'em much, but I tell you, stranger, it makes all the difference in the world whether it's yoiur baby, or whether it belongs to some body else. I've seen a great many of 'em in my time, and according to their parents they was the most uncommon babis; but I could iever see much of it. I used to laugh a good deal when people made such fools of themselves over their children, but I know exactly how it is now, for I suppose I was the greatest fool over Mr. Charley as ever lived. Mary named him Charley. That was after me. Seems to me that boy took to a locomotive from the time he was six months old. His mother would sit out in front of the house, with him in her lap, when I was up at noon, and she'd kiss her hand and wave the baby at me. By the time he was 3 years old he'd got so that I used to take him up to ride with me. There was a water tank near the house, and when I stopped to water he was allers there, and I'd ketch him up 'n carry 'im off ten or twenty miles, till I met another train, and some of the boys 'd carry him back home. 'Twasn't long afore there was scarce a mall on the road as didn't know Charley Latham's baby. They'd pick 'm up wherever they could find him, and sometimes he'd be gone nearly all day, but somebody 'd set him down afore night, 'n he'd come toddlin' home. Sometimes I think it's queer how the men used to take to that baby. There was fellers just as rough as bears-brakesmen; they'd get drunk and crazy with liquor, and cut or shoot a man quicker 'n lightnin'; 'n' section men-up in them mountains them section men were mighty hard cases. What for fightin' and quarrellin' they beat Sam Hill. An' yit there wasn't one o' them chaps as would speak a cross word to my baby. They was all fond of 'm; and if anybody took to iinposin' on 'im, why, there'd be a mus quicker'n the drop of yer lhat. There was Bill Walker. you didn't know Bill Walker, did you? No ! Of course you didn't. Dead now. Let a switch open on 'imra and he'd run off. Never spoke after they picked 'im up. Bill, he was a crusty old bachelor-o-ne'of them fellers what never ses nothin' if he can help hisself. He didn't have no relations, and he was so sot agin everybody the boys used to say they didn't believe he ever had a father or mother like other folks. He'd hard lines in his life, for a fact, and it made him what they call a misen--. Yes! that's it-a misenthorp. He seemed to hev a particular grudge for everybody he had seen, and a sorter general disgust for everybody he hadn't. Bill picked up the baby for a ride one day, and when he stopped at the next station he was goin' 'round oilin' engine and the little tyke taggin' after, holdin' on to his coat tail and getting hisself all covered with oil and grease, jest like a reg'lar engineer; and there was one df the station men as didn't like Bill. nohow, and he ses, ses he: " Hullo, Bill ! is that a left- hander of your'n ?" They say Bill just turned ashy. He sets down his can and reached for that feller jest one, square in thejuggler, and he didn't git out o' bed for ten days. One day there came down from New York a rocking-horse, and Mary found it at the water-tank with a piece of paper tied to the bridle, 'n it said like this: "If Bill Walker could ever wish for a baby of his own it would be little Charley." That rocking-horse cost Bill a whole month's wages. Ore of the first things Charley learnt to say when he was beginnin' to talk was this: You see the men on the road used to call one another "Pard "-short for "pardner." Charley, he caught it, and he always called me "Pard." I don't think he ever called me father or papa, like other children do; but it was. allus "Pard." "You and me is pards, isn't we ?" he used to say. An' that's what we allus called one another, and he went by the name of "Charley Latham's pard" all over the world. I'd be goin' by the house on the noon train, an' leanin' out o' the cab watchin' for 'im, 'n he'd be out in the front, with a white rag or something to wave at me, and I'd see by the motion of his lips-I couldn't hear for the noise of the cars-that he was sayin' "You and me is pards, isn't we ?" As I was tellin', Sundays I laid off; 'n in the mnornin', after breakfast, Mary would fill up a basket with some bread 'n butter 'n meat 'n things, and we three would go off into the mountains and stay all day. We used to do this every Sunday, and so Charley got to callin' it his pard's day. You see, he got a notion that it was the best day in the week, 'cos I was allus home with him. I didn't never go to church-it was a long ways; and then I thought Charley would get as much religion by going around in the woods and.among the mountains, where the trees and leaves were so beautiful and the rocks so grand, as any other way. If they don't tell us that the Creator who made 'em all is powerful and good, too, there ain't no preacher can do it. You went up to the top of Pike's Peak the other day. I've been there too, 'n I'd like to know if a chap can go up there among those awful precipices and gorges and look over the country for Ioo miles and see the mountains around, and the plains 'way off in front that don't seem to have no end, and then look at hisself and say whether he does really amount to a row of pins. You see, I never was any Christian, and never give Charley no such trainin', and sometimes I think maybe I didn't do quite right by him. But, Lord love you, stranger, wen he went among the angels, I'm.just certain there wasn't *none of 'em had any cleaner soul 'an what he had. There was a place about three-quarters of a mile from our place, where we used to go a good deal Sundays, and Mary would read the Bible to us and sing. She was a good singer, Mary was. We used to call the place "Devil's Run." It was a sort of a creek, but didn't have no water in it, 'cept after a hard rain. It came down between two high mountains, where it was as steep as could be. Wen a storm came up I've known it in halt an hour to have six teet of water in it. An' then it would bring down big trunks of trees and great stones, roaring that way you could hear it for miles. It got its name because it was such an infernal place. Often I've been woke up at night by a heavy shower, and I'd hear Devil's Run howling as though it would tear every thing to pieces. There couldn't be no worse place fixed for the road, if they had hunted the whole country through, than right there. There was a sharp curve, and on the outside of it was a straight-up-and-down precipice for hundreds of feet, so that if a train went off it would be smashed into kindlin' wood and tenpenny nails. Devil's Run went under neath the track, near the point of the curve, through a barrel culvert, and once there came on a hard storm, 'n the trees 'n the stones, and so on, choked up the culvert, which wasn't large enough, 'n the water dammed up and rose, till by-'n-bye the whole embankment gave way, and twenty feet of the road went ripplin' down the mountain. They found out the break before any accident happened, and the culvert was rebuilt, a good deal larger than before. But that place the whole road was afeared of. As I was a tellin', it it hadn't been such a wicked place Devil's Run was the prettiest one on the whole mountain, The bed of the stream was deep down, 'n full of ferns and grasses that Mary was allers gatherin', and we would set there in the hottest day 'n the sun could never find its way through the trees overhead. As I was tellin', Charley was born to be an engineer. By the time he had got to be six years old he knew the name of nigh all the parts of a machine. He'd learned all the signals that was used on the road. He knew that a red flag or red light meant danger. That a lantern, at night, swung backward 'n forward slowly across the track, would bring a train up, all standin.' All that sort o' thing he jest picked up hisself. He knew the sound of every whistle and bell on the road, 'n could tell what ingine they belonged to, and I believe he knew the tread of No. 29 whenever she went by, night or day. No. 29, that was my ingine; I run her about three years, and there wasn't nothin' in God's world I couldn't git out of her wen she was in a good humour. We sort o' tinderstood one another, and she hardly ever went back on me. Once in a while she did, and then she was a perfect cuss. Yes I he was seven that winter. just seven years old a few days before Christmas. After Charley got a year or two old I allers made much of Christmas. Mostly I contrived to lay off that day so has to be home with my little pard. Some of the boys was allers ready'n willin' to take my run that day them as didn't hev no wives or children. They'd come and say: " Now, Latham, there's your little pard, he'll be a wantin' of you to-morrow, which is Christmas. So I'll jest take your run down. An' this 'ere basket, why, the boys, you know, they ses, we ain't got no chick nor child, and we'll send this along to Latham's little Charley" The first time they did that I was took back that way I stood and gaped, a lookin' around like a natural, and couldn't say a word. And the things they used to send Charley was astonishin'; toys and so on. Why, one Christmas they sent'im a real silver mug. Oh! stranger, them days was such times as I've never had since. There wasn't no other children around for Charley to play with, but me 'n his mother was all he seemed to care for, 'n we'd carry on together all day just as if none of us was more'n seven years old. Charley had a little room by hisself, where he slept, which had a window that looked down the track. I gave him a railroad lan tern, which he trimmed and filled hisself after I showed him how, 'ti wen it was my night down he'd light his lantern 'n put it in the window at the head of his bed. I could see it a long way before I got to the house, 'n you don't know, stranger, what comfort it was wen I was a comin' down to see that light and know that my little boy was lyin' there fast asleep and dreamin' that the roar of the train was the footsteps of his old pard flyin' at forty mile an hour. It was my run down Thanksgiving eve. I was goin' to stop off in the mornin', and Bill Walker was to take my train goin' back. We started from Altoona late in the evening and a good deal behind. It had been a bad day. The weather had been warm for some time back, and it began to rain in the morn in', and had rained all day. By night the wind chopped around to the north 'n began to turn cold, so that wen we started it was rainin' and sleetin', with an outlook for a heavy storm. A darker night I never saw, 'n wen the conductor pulled the bell I ses to my fireman, "Crazy, this is goin' to be an ugly run." My fireman was a crazy, harum scarum sort of a boy, and so they had nick named him "Crazy Jake." But they soon dropped the Jake 'n left him Crazy, and that's the name he allers went by. So he ses to me, "Boss, I guess you're right there." Crazy was one o' them boys that's often in desperate tight places, but I've never known 'm afeard o' nothin'. I've never seen 'm to show the white feather. I don't believe man or devil could scare 'm; but this niht he seemed to be uneasy like. Sometimes there's something malkes you think beforehand that something is goin' to happen - a kind of - of- presentiment ? Yes ! that's it. Presentimen'. You can't tell exactly how it is, but if there is speerits in accidents or disasters, seems like they was tryin' some .vay to let folks know in time, and couldn't quite do it. Everything seemed to go wrong with us that night. The passen gers was all a.growlin' 'cos we hurried 'em up at supper; and when I pulled out, my machine had the very old boy in her. No. 29, as I was tellin' ye, was one of the surest engines on the rad, but when she did git into her didos she was more obstreperous 'n a government mule. Icgines is like these sewm' maciines or planners, and them things. They git out o' kilter without no reason, and, yer can't tell w'at's the matter with 'em, only they jest won't, and that's all there is about it. She wouldn't steam, she fretted and snorted and foamed, and wouldn't do her work no ways at all. Me and Crazy fussed with her, and worked with her, and coaxed and cussed her, but it wasn't no use. We kept runnin' behind all the time instead of makin' up 'n the conductor swore like a pirate. He was a engineer hisself, and he came out of the cab and for five or ten mile he tussed and worked and coaxed and cussed. I believe that ingine knew just as well that Satan was out loose that night as if she'd been a real human. Ingines is like women-they can't tell you why a thing is so, and can't give no reason for it, but they jest know it is so. Mebbe we'd made thirty mile or sich matter. The rain and sleet and hail and snow was comin' down fearful. The water was pourin' down the mountain and fillin' the ditchesand runnin' much as you saw it last night. The wind was blowin' a tornado, and come tearin' through the passes-gulches they call 'em in this country-in gusts that would strike the locomotive like a big wave striking a ship, and almost throw her over. It was so dark, too, that I couldn't hev seen Crazy on the other side of the cab hut for the lantern, and wen he opened the furnace door. But I had to get along all I could. It wouldn't do to slow up, as I was runnin' for a meetin' point. Just before you get to the curve at Devil's Run there's a short stretch of straight track. Soon as I struck that I began to look for the light in Charley's window, which was the other side of the run. Strainin' my eyes through the dark just at the point of the curve I saw a light swinging backward and forward slowly across the track. You know I was a tellin' you as everything went crooked that night. Soon as I saw that light I knew what it all was in a minit. It came on me with a rush lihke. My hairstood on end. I blew brakes, I screams to the fireman, "Crazy! Devil's Run culvert's gone, by the livin' God !" He jumped 'n sot the tender brakes, and slid the wheels in a flash. The brakesmen behind didn't answer. They was dozin' in the cars, I reckon. I blew brakes agin with a blast to wake the dead, and threw her over. The drivers ground and groaned under me, but the rails were sleety and slippery, and I was forging ahead to a gulf 5oo00 feet square down, and 150 human lives behind me. I was tellin' ye as No. 29 that night was dead square ag'in goin' ahead; but when I threw her back seems like she knew her biz and how much laid on her doin' of it well. Women, agin, is engines. Crabbed, crooked, cantankerous cusses when they don't want to, but where it's works of goodness or mercy call on 'em they're right there. No. 29 took hold on that reverse with a grit I never seen on no engine afore. She put all there was in her into every turn, and the whole affair took less time than I'm a tellin' of it till the danger was by. When wye stopped within twenty feet of the light, which was swingin' still, backward and forward, slowly across the track, I set to Crazy. " Who's got the lantern ?" Knew it couldn't be the trackman, for we'd just met him three miles below, and 'cept him there was nobody nearer'n ten miles at that time of night. So I gits down from the machine and runs up the road. As I comes up I sees a little figure in white. It was still a swingin' of the light backwards and forwards slowly across the track. He was in his nightgown, just as he got out of bed, hadn't no hat, and was barefoot. The sleet had froze in his hair and his nightgown was stiff with ice. I comes up to 'im-well, I was took that way I couldn't speak. An' he kept swingin' the light backwards and forwards slowly across the track, and he sez to me, he says, "You and me's pards, isn't we?" I looks at 'im a minit. His eyes was open and looked queer. He was dead fast asleep. Crazy ketches me or I'd gone over, which it were my legs seemed weak like. Then I sets down on the rail, and Crazy picks up the child, 'n huggin' of 'im up, busted right out a cryin', he did. The conductor and some of the men got out of the cars and come where we was. It was sleetin' still, 'n' growin' bitter cold. The boys carried the baby into the baggage car, where there was a stave, and took off his night clothes and wrapped 'im up in blankets and great coats. There was a doctor on the train, and he ses if we k;n git 'im back to bed without wakin' of 'im up p'raps it wouldn't hurt 'im; but if he was to wake, what with the wet, 'n' the cold, 'n' the fright, like as not it might kill 'im. So the boys takes 'im up to carry 'im to the house, and I follered along, but I couldn't hev carried a kitten. The doctor he tells 'em to be keerful and not wake 'im, for it was as much as his life was worth. So Crazy takes 'im and two of'em holds a blanket over him to keep the sleet off, 'n one goes a head with a lantern, and two or three more about with lanterns, so's to light the way. W'en we got to the break it was just as I expected, track, road, culvert, every thing gone, clean as if cut out with a knife. The water was pitchin' round the run six feet deep, carryin' big rocks and boulders, that bounced and bumped from side to side, and up into the air, clear out of the water. It was awful to look at. How the child get over the gap, which was at least twenty feet wide, I don't know. A tree had come down and lodged crossways, and I suppose he must hev gone over on that. W'en we come to it we was most afraid to try it, for if you slipped off the log it was all day with you. I didn't like.to trust.the b.ys, and I ses to Jake, "Crazy, you won't drop.the baby, will you ?" He points down into the break and ses, "Latham, we'd all be. down theie, every mother's son of us, but for your little pard. I'd drop my soul first." Well! we got'im home safe at last. Mary was asleep when we got to thd house, and was scared as bad as me when she heard what-was up. We put 'im back in his bed, and sure enough he never waked up. Next mornin' they threw a trestle over the break; and trains were runnin'agin. But the doctor stayed with us. Just out of his ovn head, you know, but he seemed anxious. Seemed as though he took to the child. Don't wonder at that, neither. Most everybody did. I watched by 'im all that night, and toward day I got out all his old Christmas things and set 'em on to a table near the bed, where he could see 'em the first thing. But a fever came on 'im, 'n w'en he woke np he was tit of his head. I speaks to 'im and ses, " How goes.it, Pard ?" But he didn't know me. That wvas Thanksgiving Day, you know, 'n' I sat there by him, hopin' every minit as he might come round, so as I could give 'im his things and we could hev our-holi day jest as we used todo. But he kep' gettin' worse from hour to hour. He was sick jest a week and wanderin' and wild from first to last. I stayed with 'im all the time, for I hadn't wits enough left to handle a machine, and the boys sent word not to bother myselt about business 'n' they'd see me through. So between 'em they did my duty and No. 29 went up and down in her regular runs just as if I was at the lever. You know I was tellin' about the water-tank near the house. It didn't use to be used much, but that week it seemed as though there wasn't a train either way that didn't get out o' water just there, and some o''em would come over to see about the boy. And their wives kept sendin' nice things-and they were poor people, too. You see, somehowit travelled about so fast what little pard had done, stoppin' the train that night, 'n' he sich a mite of a child. An' it got into the news papers, and the President of the road came up to see 'im and all that. But he just went on from day to day, for death struck'imfrom the first moment as he stood there in the winter rain. From his talking whilehe was delirious we found out pretty much all how it was. I reckon he heard the storm in his sleep and the roarin' of the run, and that set him to dreamin'. Of course he knew it was my night, 'n' I had often told 'im what a bad place it was, and what to do if anything happened-never thinking that he'd go to dorn' of it hisself. But he gets up in his sleep, takes his lantern and goes out to meet me. I'd bhe a sittin' there watchin' or 'im by his bed, 'n' he'd begin first, jest kind o' mutterin', and I'd hear him say, softly like, as if he was talkin' to hisself : " Pard's due at the run in twenty minits. I kin get there in time." 'Pears like it was all goin' through his mind agin and he was doin' over jest what he did that night. We could tell wenl he got to the place where the road broke, tor he ses, " Kin I git over on that log ? Ef I don't my pard 'I! be killed." SThen seemed as though he was goin' down to the curve whre we found him. An' he'"l shiver like as if the cold rain was strikin' 'im. You see we could mostly foller 'im by watchin' 'im and ketchin' what he said. Onct or twict he shook right hard, and his teeth chattered. We thought it was the cold he was feelin' agin as he felt out there in the night with nothin' on 'im. Then he keeps still awhile like he was a waitin' and listenin' for the train, and you'd see 'm hold his breath fearin' he couldn't ketch the soutnd. Pretty soon he speaks agin, gently like, and ses i " Kin he see the light in time ?" 'N he waits a bit. Next he jumps right up in bed on his knees and screams out at the top of his voice: "Stop her, Pard ! Stop 29 I" Stranger, I've seen frightful things in my time, but I never see anything so awful as that was. Pale and wild, with the fever on 'im, that mere baby was tryin' to make me hear, and the wind howlin' and the train roarin' the way it was. An' we'd try to keep 'im still, 'n' his mother would coax him, and I'd try to quiet him 'n' he'd scream agin : " Culvert's gone ! Stop her, Pard !" An' I'd take 'im in my arms 'n' he'd be all of a quiver. Then it seemed like he heered me whistle, for he ses: "All right I he's blowin' brakes." An' I puts 'im back in bed and he lays still a minit like he was listenin', and ses: " He's a reversin' of 29, he is. My pard \--pard's safe." Then he'd shut his eyes and drop off, and smile in his sleep, like he was satisfied. By and-bye he'd begin and go all over it agin, and so, day and day, allers the same. He seemed to hev it in his mind all the time. The doctor, you know him I was a tellin' about; well, he stopped off that night, and stayed with us the whole week and nursed baby like he was his own. 'N w'en it was all over I thought it was all right, 'n' I ses to 'im, "Doctor, can I pay you ?" "No i" ses he, "Latham, you can't. His life saved mine. 'N beside that, Latham, 'n' he filled up like; besides that, Latham,.I've got one jest his age. Thereain't nothin' you kin give me but that little curl there on his forehead." So Mary takes the scissors and cuts it off He kissed it, 'n' put it in his pocket 'n' went away. On the night of the break at Devil's Run, w'en I got off the machine to see what was the matter, I pulls out my watch, and it was twelve o'clock and three minits. It was exactly a week after that I took out my watch, and it was twelve o'clock and three minits. Some of the neighbours had come from around in the mountains, 'n' a minister had come from a village about fifteen miles off. I didn't give no attention to nothin', for I was stunned like and didn't know how it all was. I was settin' in front of the house on a large stone where Charley used to sit and wait for me w'en I was comin' by, and I heered a whistle. An' I see a train. It stopped where I was. The locomotive was No. 29. The boys had dressed her in mournin'. Bill Walker was runnin' her and Crazy was firin'. There were three coaches, filled with the boys and their wives and chil dren. They was in their best clothes, 'n' when they came by where I was sittin'-they all knew. it was little Charley's place-the men took off their hats and the women had their handkerchers to their faces. I allus knowd they was very fond of him, but it seemed as though they had lost an only child. There were.six little boys, all the same size, and they took 'im up, and we all tollered up the side of the mountain. It was a mild day, and the sun shinin' bright. We crossed Devil's Run and came to a place of level ground where there was some large pine trees. It was just over the cliff, a little ways from the road, say 1oo feet, and in plain sight of where he stood wavm' hi: lantern backward and forward slowly acros: the track when he said, "You and me's nard~ isn't wp ?" pards, isn't we '" After-all, it was harder on Mary than on me. In three months' time I took her there, too. I stayed on .the line a little while after that, but I couldn't never go back to my house agin, and whenever I was goin' by and saw those two heaps of fresh earth it worked on me so I couldn't stand it. As I was tellin', I sometimes think I'd like to go back there, and see the place once more, but seems as if I was afeered. I don't believe in ghosts, but on a dark night I'd see my little Charley waving his light as he did that night when it cost him his life. Detroit Free Press. 