Y.R.C. SPRING MEETING, Cop 1>a\ (FEOjI OCE SLEEBOtTEXE COBEESPOXDEXX) I _ Tnesday. The opening day of the Spring Meeting of the Y„tLC. ot 1S55 will long be remembered by all patron3 of the turf, for two very good and sofficient reasons — one, the bad behavior of the clerk of the weather, who opened the water clouds on the previous night, let out a copious supply, and kept it up until late the next day, thereby prevent ing hundreds, aye, thousands, from going to see the Derby; two, the blow dealt to the bookmakers by the winning of such very hot favorites (Acme and Nordenfeldt) in the Maribyrnoug Plate and Derby respectively. The inclement weather looked as if it had set in for a spell, as it continued to rain with but brief intervals on Sunday, and until near noon yesterday, when old Sol asserted him self and drove the angry clouds away. X u**ed scarcely mention that the state of the weather was the all- absorbing topic of conversation up to a late hour last night. The fore-part of yesterday evening was bright and starlight, bat towards midnight it came over reiy dark, and it was not a guinea to a gooseberry that it would not be another soaker to day. This morning, how ever, dawned bright and clear, and must have rejoiced the hearts of all holiday makers, as the Cup is not the only attraction for pleasnre seekers iu the metropolis, excur sions down the bay and trips into the country being welt patronised. As the hours wore on, and it was getting to j wards noon, as if to make amends for j misconduct on Saturday that mysterious j individual, the clerk of the weather, allowed < the sua to shine with all its summer brilliancy, whilst the sky was as clear and bright as oue could desire to see it. As a natural consequence to the brightness of the weather, folks' spirits rose in proportion, and from an early hour in the morning—long before S o'clock—boys and men made the qnlet streets of the snbnrbs echo again with the familiar cry 41 card or book o* the races," and this wa* kept .up throughout the fore noon uutii one was safely lodged within the precincts of the grand stand. About 10 o'clock I journeyed down town, not that it was necessary, but X wanted to have a peep at the streets. It was worth the trouble, as I don't think I ever saw the streets look better, I have seen them fuller, and have seen greater crowds, hut I never saw thou sands of people better dressed, with pleasanter faces, or better behaved than I saw to-day. Bourke, Swanston, and Elizabeth streets were well patronised with people, as the old song says, " Driving up and down to go and see the races, sir." X learned that from as early as eight o'clock vehicles had been wending their way towards Fiemington, and at tho time I was at the nest office—1 o'clock—there was a continu ous stream passing np Elizabeth-street and Swanston - street. A couple of hours later X had another look, and then it was that the dashing four-in-hand, the elegant barouche and pair, the comfort able family wagonette, the neatly appointed brougham, the doctors pill box, the dashing dog cart (tandem team), cab?, hansoms, anil all descriptions of vehicles downwards from the heavy lorry and the tradesman's cart to the costermonaer's barrow and donkey, could be seen all making towards the Fiemington road. On arriving on the coarse, how splendid it looked 1 There was none of Saturday's mud—although no one was to blaine for that—the flowers and gras3 looked fresher, the attendance was ever so much larger, and all the surroundings and the people about had a sort of well satisfied air about them. On reaching the lawn it was found that the ladies were making up for lost time by promenading extensively. There were some very elegant toilettes, but they lacked—and wisely too—the gorgcous ness of bjy gr-ne years. Cream was the prevailing coior. and, as almost any other Ihjht color will harmonise with it, there were some very pretty and tastefully made dresses to be seen. The vie- regal party, a3 usual, ocesL-liid the private box set apart for them ; and,* what with his own retinue and the numerous visitors now at Government House Tier Majesty's representative ia this colony bad a numerous company with him. An excellent lunch was provided by Mr Straekcr, bat unfortunately, owing to the <*reat crush, bis staff of waiters was too small to supplv* the needs of so many % the consequence being that the great majority of people had to help themselves, and secure whatever they conld lay their hands_ upon. The day's sport opened, as usual, with the Railway Stakes, for which only five horses weighed out, Isonomy being made a hot favorite, and five to two laid on him. His backers were not disappointed, as he won as he liked. The Kensington Stakes, for which half a-dc-zen started, resulted in another win for the favorite, Maddelina, who came in two or three lengths ahead of The hun, the five fnrlnnpa being done in Im oisec. xen horses faced the starter for the Hurdle Race, Gasalier and The Brigand starting equal favorites at 2 to 1. Mistake cat out most of the running, hat near the finish Rnby came with a great rush and won by three lengths. The next raoe was the Melbourne Cup, for which only three more horses were scratched, leaving the large field of So in- ^lordenfeldts victory in the Derby hadthe effect of placing him first on the list at five to one, after whom came Liverpool and Brown and. Rose at tens. The race from start to finish was a splendid one, Trenton, First Cheater, andBrown andRoseboldingat different stages the pride of place. Coming np the straight Sheet Anchor came with a well timed rash, and altera great struggle succeeded in beating Grace Darling by a short neck, with Trenton very close np, and the Derby winner fourth. The time was the fastest yet made by three quarters of a second. There was a large field of youngsters for the Isursery Handi cap, which fell to Yellow Jacket, who led all the wav. The concluding event on the card was the Yan Yean Stakes, which Mr Whittingham secured with Merrimu, who has done so well of late for his owner. Railway Stakes —A sweep of 3 sovs each, with 100 added. For Syrs old and upwards. Weight for age. Winner of any race (not a handicap) of the value of 100 sovs to carry 71bs extra, of 2 or more snch races lOlhs extra. Maidens, if 3yrs old, allowed Slbs ; 4yrs old or upwards, allowed "lbs. One mile and a quarter. M. Lock's b c Isonomy, 3yrs, 7st 121b fQninn) — M. O'Shanassy's br c First Pnnce, oyrs, Sit 51b (including 71bs penalty) (Moore) A Davit s' b g Baron Yecker, Jyrs, ist 91bs (Flanagan) I'arwan and Perchance also started. Betting ; 5 to 2 on Isonomy, 4 to 1 First Prince. . , At the fall of the flag. First Prince and Isonomv made play, followed, by Baron Yecker ; Parwan being last. At the Rail wav* bridge Isonomy had assumed the lead, with Baron Yecker as his immediate attendant. From this point the race was virtually oyer, as the favorite, on the inside, was fairly pulling Oninn ont of the saddle, whilst the others were being ridden. Half-way up the straight Quinn let Isonomy out a bit, ana he came away, cantering in an easy winner by two lengths from First Prince, who beat Baron hlecker by a length for second place. Time, 2min. l-tjiec. Kkssisctox Stakes.—A sweep of 10 sovs each, with 250 added. For 2yrs old. Colts, Sit 51b ; fillies, Sat. The winner to be sold for 300 sovs. (N o selling al lowances.) Five furlong3. L. Watson's cli f Maddelina (Weasel) ... W. D. Robertson's b f The Run (Moore) 2 J. H. Hill's b ©Telephone (Campbell) — Mainsail, Brigantine, and Aspiamonte also started. Betting—G to 4 Maddelina, 3 to 1 The Knn. From a good start Telephone was the first to show in front, with Maddelina and The Yen close up. At the tan the favorite made a bit of a ru3b, and, assuming command, was never troubled, and cantered in an easy ■winner by over 3 lengths ; The Kun, who ran very gamely, beating, by two lengths, Telephone for second place. The others were outpaced from the distance. Time, 1 mil-. 31sec3. HUKDLE Race;—A handicap sweep of 10 sovs each, with 250 added ; second horse to receive 50 sov3 out of the stake. Aboat 3 . miles. -tut. A. Cromer's br m Ruby, aged, Oat llib (O'Brien) * I J. Hayo's.b h Eavenawortb, 4 yrs, lOit ^ | 41b (Batty) ■ - Hon. W. Pearson s b m Gasalier, oyrs, li)3t Gib (Gardner) — 3 Duration, Royal Maid, Insolvent, Mis take, Agitation, Student, and Brigand also started. Betting—2 to 1 Gasalier and Brigand, 6 to 1 Bavenaworth and Agitation, 7 to 1 Dura tion, S to' 1 Ruby, 10 to 1 others. Time, 5min. 33sec.' Melboubse Cup—A handicap sweep of 20 sovs each, with 1000 added.* The handicap weight of the winner of the A. J-C. or Y.R.C. Derby to be not less than 7st dibs,; and the; winner cf any handicap race o^ the value of 100 sovs after the declaration of the weights to carry 3lba extra ; of anv such race of the value of 200 sovs, o^b extra i of any such race of the value of 500 sov?, 71b extra ; penalties not cumulative. The second ho*sa to receive 300 sovs, and the third 200sovs, out of the stake. Two mile? (165 sub*). M. Longhlin's br h Sheet Anchor, by St. Albans—Queen Mary, aged, 7st lllbs (O'Brien) * i -J. G-. field's cb m Grace Dirling, by The Diver—Zoe, Gvrs, 7st 12tbs (including 71b penalty) (WQIiams} 2 D O'Bripn'a b h Trenton," by Musket— Frailty, 4yrs, 7st 131b (Collins) ... 3 Blink Bonny. Acolyte, Lord V^hlton, Tom Brown, Kit ^Tabbies, Coriolanus, Bosworth, Warwick, St. Laurence. Plausible, Liverpool, Prometheus. Danlop, Thunderbolt. Storn away, Velocipede, Hilltop, St. John, Lord Exeter. Despot. Brown and Rose, Wiog, Xordenfeldt, Britisher, First Chester. Metal, Arsenal, Minerva, Cyclops, Yellow Hammer, Cerise and Bine, and Lesbia also started. Betting—5 to 1 Nordenteldt, S to 1 Despot and Treuton, 10 to 1 Liverpool, 15 to 1 Sheet Anchor, Brown and Rose, and Grace Darling, 20 to 1 Acolyte, Kit Nubbles. Lord Exeter, and Cerise and Blue, 25 to 1 Velocipede, Lord Wilton, Stornaway, Prometheus, Coriolanus, Tom Brown, Bos worth, Warwick, and Britisher, 33 to 50 to 1 others. There was some little delagr at the start, owing to the horses being auxious to get away, but with a little patience Mr Watsou got them into line, and despatched them on very even terms at the first attempt. There was some little difficulty in making out who was first off, owing to the similarity in the colors of some of the jockeys. When they had fairly settled down to work Brown and Rose was seen to be slightly in front, having Trenton, Lord Exeter, Grace Darling, Britisher, and Despot as her immediate attendants ; Prometheus, Danlop, Liverpool, and Nordenfeldt being in a cluster. Entering the course proper Trenton was at the head of affairs, then came Thunderbolt, Arsenal, Lord Exeter, and Prometheus, the rest of the field being all in a bean, except Yellow Hammer, who tailed oft "At the distance Prometheus drew away, and led Lord Exeter and Trenton by a length ; then came Thunderbolt and Plausible, Minerva being ; next on the ontside; the middle bunch comprising Nordenfellt, Grace Darling, Sheet Anchor, First Chester, Liverpool, and half - a - dozen others. Passing the stand First Chester and Prometheus were slightly ahead of Nordenfeldt, Minerva, Thunderbolt, Blink Bonny and Dunlop; the others well up, with Warwick and Yellow Hammer last. Round the river turn, First Chester and Thunderer, together, were two lengths ahead of Prome* theus, and he was a length in front of Trenton; then came Nordenfeldt and Minerva, followed by Velocipede and Plausible. Several changes took place as they ran along the back of the coarse and by the Railway bridge, the pace being a cracker, and over 20 horses well in it. As they came to the Abattoirs, Thunderbolt, Velocipede, Metal, and Cerise and Blue showed prominently for a few strides, hut as they rounded the turn the field closed up, Brown and Rose showing the way into the straight, with Velocipede, St. John, and Nordenfeldt next. Coming to the distance this lot gave waj- to Sheet Anchor, who came away with a wet sail. At the sime time Grace Darling and Trenton shot up on the inside of Nordenfeldt, followed by Minerva and Lesbia. A great race ensued home, all the horses being ridden des perately, and the struggle ended in the Ballarat horse being landed the winner by half a neck from Grace Darling, who beat Trenton by half a head, a neck separating him from Nordeafeldt ; then caine Minerva. Lesbia, and Danlop in the order named. Thunderbolt whipping in the lot. Time, 3min. 291sec., the fastest on record. Xuesery Handicap.—A sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with 200 sovs added ; second horse to receive 50, and the third 25, sovs out|of the stake. For 2yrs old. Five furlongs. W. A_ Long's b c Yellow Jacket. 7st Alb (Williamson) ... 1 B. Gray's b or br c Retort, Gst 121b (Johnston) ... 2 M. Bryant's ch f Clelia, Gat 7»b (Tomlins) 3 Louise Berta, Munwyrtina, Trojan, LJsopia. Lord Chancellor. Damocles, Cross- i fire, Dividend, St. Paul. Devotion, Tama- j risk, Micawber, Fernandez, Essie, Mistral, Trishna, 'Alpha, Anonyma, and Dufferin ; also started. Betting ; 2 to X Yellow Jacket, 4 to 3 Damocles. G to X Tamarisk, 8 and 10 to 1 others. Time, lmin. 2£sec. The Tax Yean Stakes.—A handicap sweep of 3 sovs each, with 100 added ; for three years old and upwards. J. WhittTngham's ch h Merrimu, 4yrs, 7at lOlbs (Trahao) 1 D. S. Wallace's b h Chucksfcer, aged, Ssfc 121b (M. O'Brien) ... 2 W. A. Filgaie's br h Lavington, 4yrs, 7sfc 4!bs (Weasel) ... 3 Lantern, Midalemarcb, Stafford, The Ghost, The Agent, Fernlea, Signor, Juanna, Marie Louise, Muscat, Kingship, Agatha, Meerschaum, Egbert, Mrs Jarley, Bon Bon, All Black, Phaon, and Ragman also started. Betting—3 to 1 The Ghost, 4 to 1 Merri inn, 6 to 1 Chnckster and Stafford, S and 10 to 1 others. Time, lmin. 42£sec. 