A LIVELY FIVE MINUTES. I {From .SV. James's Gazrttr) WE are told every day that " truth is stranger than fiction ;" and that this is so is again shown by the following facts, which I narrate as nearly as possible in the words of the per- son (an assistant to u well-known veterinary surgeon) to whom thc adventure occurred last week: " We had been having several cases of rabies at thc surgery during the last month or two-more cases than usual ; but, with the exception of ouc, they had all been brought in before the disease had reached its most virulent stage, t am rather interested iu the disease, and had been reading about it ; and, Bitting in tlic Burgery alone and quiet (but for a poor beast in the yard with rabies which gave vent every now aud then to thc dismal howl peculiar to the disease), it was not par ticularly lively ; and when my master (a veterinary surgeon) came in from his usual round I was not sorry. He went into the yard and inspected the patients as usual, ordering the collie with rabies to be killed at once. I attended to this, and, returning to the surgery, re- ceived orders to go to Britanna public-house, iu Soho, and poison a large retriever belong- ing to the landlord. My master bad seen the dog during his rounds, and found it in a dangerously rabid state. I filled a small bottle with hydrocyanic acid, and, taking a Byringc, went off at once to see about it. "Arriving at ¿he home, I stated ray businees, and was banded over to the potboy to be conducted to tbs dog, which I scold hear howling every few seconds. Thens being no yard to the house, they bad chained' the dog down in the cellar to a staple in the wall. "E's a wery bad case, air,' eaid my guide, ' an' TM be. glad when it's all over ; for, although he was Ja great pet with us all, an' that fond of the kids you never see, it's awful to see 'im not know any of us ; but when we goes near 'ira to have 'im come a-flying at us. Think VII suffer much ? There 'e goes ! 'ear 'im. All day long 'e 'owls like that." I assured him it would soon be over, without much pain; and, descending some steps, we (passed through a room in the base- ment that was dimly lit by a email and grimy window. Cases of wines and spirits were ranged against tire walls, and we could hear the tramp of the thickly shod sustomers in tlie bar or taproom just above our heads. Opening a door, we passed into another room } this was lighted only by the small window' in the room we had just left, as it shone through the now open door. ' rle's in there,' said the potboy, pointing to another door in the wall, opposite. Thinking there was a window in tlie room, I pushed the door open, and Im- mediately heard the rattle of a chain and the hoarse half howl, half growl of the poor toe lat, whose eyes I could see, against the tar wall, gleaming through the dark. Window there was none. 'Why on earth didn't you bring a light ?' I asked, angrily ; ' you don't suppose I eau poison him in the dark?' ' Thought I 'ad a match said the man, fumbling iu his pockets ; ' there's a gos jet just inside the door.' I had no matches, BO I sent him upstairs to get some, and, awaiting his return, sat down on au empty keg near, the door. "The dog seemed uneasy ; and, fancying the light through the doorway annoyed and distressed him, I pushed it to with my hand. The man was some time gone (I found after- wards he bad been to ask his mistress if. she would like to hare a last look at the old dog) und I sat there thinking over the notes I had been reading in tho surgery, The air of thc cellar was close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on thc floor was most un- pleasant. Clank went the dog's chain against the wall or thc floor, as he moved uneasily about, wondering, I daresay, what was my errand there. Then the movement ceased for a time, or partly absorbed in inv thoughts, I failed to notice it. The next minute I started feeling something rub against my leg. Look- ing down, I saw two glaring eyes just at my knee. The dog WOB loose, the staple having worked its way out of the de mp and yielding mortar. " For a second or two I nearly lost con- sciousness. My heart seemed to stand still hut hy au effort I kept from going off into a faiut. I shall never forget the next few minutes BS long as I live. I was alone is the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing abont my legs-first one and then the other, as if he were trying to find out who I was. Then he rested bis nose on my knees and looked straight up into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the slightest movement he would probably seiT me, and knowing (who better ?) that snell a bite in his advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a horrible death too. Nerving myself, I sat perfectly still, calculating aa well as I could my chances of escape. Pre- sently the dog put first one paw, then the other, on my knee, and, standing on bis hind legs, gently rubbed his head against my breast, then over my arms, and then com- menced to explore my face. I shut my eyes, and felt his nose pass several times ecrosB ?ny face, covering it with saliva. Yet I dared not move ! I expected every instant he would seize me ; thc very belting of my heart might disturb and annoy him ; and I felt that, come what might, I must fling him off and make a dash for the door. "Suddenly he ceased rubbing against me, and appeared to lie listening. He could hear the Bteps of tho potboy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keep silent. The dog now dropped down to my knees again, still listening ; and as the light of a candle streamed through the crevices of the badly fitting door he crept into the far corner of the cellar, evidently dreading being put upon the chain again. Then I made a dash at the door, awuug it open, and, haugiug it to behiud me, sank, more dead than alive, on a case near the wall. Seeing my state, the man brought me quickly a nip of braudy, and I pulled myself together. All this time the dog was growling furiously on the other side of the door, and tearing at it in his mod en- deavour to get at us. Steadying myself as well os I could, I placed the light on a pife of cases, and, filling my syringe with acid, opened thc door about two inches. As I ex- pected, the infuriated beast rushed at the opening, and as he did so I discharged she contents of the syringe into his open mouth. In a few seconds all was over. When I webt upstairs I found my trousers, vest, coat, hands, and face covered with the saliva from his mouth. I felt Bick and faint, and looked -so the people said- white asa ghost; in fact I could hardly stand. " The dog I bad killed was bitten by the mad dog that ran down Piccadilly some three weeks Bince, and had only showed symptoms of madness during the last few days. 