ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES, THE CREED OF A LANDJOBBER. " My dear fellow, you surprise me; friendship in business Why, what next ? These little considerations about honour, friendship, esprit de corps, and all that sort of thing, may do well for the Y.M.C.A. or a benevolent institution, bnt it won't do in business. What! J persuaded you to take shares, and let you in for all the loss while I pocketed a profit; of course I didI That's business; in fact, it's the soul of business, I persuaded you to seU a piece of land for £70 and made £300 out of it myself! Well, that was business too. Oh 1 but I knew it would go for £300, and told you it was barely possible to get £70. Well, of course I did; that's business. Our long friendship 1 oh! ay 1 Yes, certainly we have had a long friendship; but friendship, my dear fellow, stops on the threshold o£ the office door. I would sell my own brother if it was in the way of business. There are straightforward dealers. Are there? Oh I Yes, of course, but very few of them make money as quickly as I do. I tell you truth don't pay; it's a drug in the market. Being a friend of yours I ought to-have put you in for some of the good things I got myself! Oh 1 hang it all, old man, one must draw the line somewhere. If I had you in with me don't you know your scrcpleB of conscience would make an awful hash of things, and half the nice little dodges would be olean spoilt. Honesty is the best policy! eh!: Not a bit of it, my boy. My motto is "make money, honestly if you can, but makemoney." It'sne use your quarrelling with me, old man, I'd let you in again to-morrow, an d be just as sincere a friend from a social standpoint as ever. Not consistent 1 think it is consistent. Here K might have put you in for it twice as heavily if I had chosen to work on your confiding nature but I remembered our schoolboy days and all that sort of thing, and let you down easily. Thank me for-nothing ! Welt, good-bye old chap, ingratitude is a characte ristic of this world." Goes to take his seat as a Director of the Doemall Land, and Stock In vestment Company—profits limited to the promoters. Hugh Kalyptus sayB:—"The present generation are getting a little toolnzarioua— a pianoforte railway carriage has been con structed in England so that boarding-school misses going home for the holidays^ amateurs, and others with manias for music, good, bod, or indifferent, can play the "Battle of Prague," with the groanB of the wounded, at the rate of a mile a minute to the agony or enjoyment of the passengers whom fats makes travellers by the pianoforte train. One can imagine some irascible old gentle man, wanting to sleep, being disturbed in his snoring by the "Maiden's Prayer," or some school miss running over her scales. It is surprising that the organ-grinder has not been encouraged to introduce his soul awaking instrument of torture into the rail way trains—he certainly needs no encourage ment but only the opportunity. Bailey & Cooper's steam piano would have been an appropriate instrument for the pianoforte train, and by means of a pipe it could be driven from the engine. The next thing we shall have probably will be the mangle. A good powerful mangle, worked from the locomotive, would be ser viceable and with a barrel-organ attachment pleasure and utility could be combined. The engines could carry a board with " Mangling done hereand it would have a twofold sig nificance, for, judging from the too frequent railway accidents, mangling is pretty often done |on the lines. Viewing this pianoforte train in the light of reason, there is much in its favour, because there is practically no limit to its extension. For instance, the locomotive might be supplied with two big drumB, and by an eccentric attachment the drumsticks might be vigorously worked from the piston-rod, the engine-driver regulating the speed of the train according to the measure of the music. The steam-whistle might be turned on to a trombone or a trumpet, and altogether a first-class strong band of music could be contrived so as to de lightthe villages through which the line passed. The only drawback would be that the villagers would only hear a fragment of the piece, as the train would rattle on to the next station with the balance. However, they would become reconciled to that, no doubt. The idea of the pianoforte train originated in the old country, but I commend it to Mr. Pendleton's attention mainly because music hath charms to soothe the savage, to rend a rock, or split a cabbage ; and it might soften the cynical souls of those folkB who are continually grumbling at Mr Pendleton. The two following stories from the colo nies are said to be in circulation in London:—"One evening, in the principal gold-mining camp in the Transvaal, nine or ten years ago. a man, partially intoxicated and supposed to be actuated by jealousy, attempted suicide. He first took morphia; but this not proving strong enough, he tried to hang himself, but was prevented, and handed over to the Sheriff, to be kept in safe custody for the night, and to be tried before the Acting Gold Commis sioner (a shrewd and solemn Scot) the next morning. As there was no law to have prevented him from committing suicide if he ' thought fit, but it being desirable to punish him in some way, it was decided to bring a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct against him. To this the prisoner pleaded guilty, whereupon the Acting Gold Commissioner, without the ghost of a smile, delivered the following extra ordinary judgment:—" Mr. , I shall fine ye twa punds for your drunkenness; but I'll just gie ye to understand that I ken vera weel what ye attempted to dae, and, had ye succeeded in your attempt, your punishment would have bin vera much more severe than it is!" Whilst in British Columbia a miner appeared as witness in a Court of Justice, and the Judge, not satisfied with his answers, angrily told him he was " prevaricating."— "Can't help it, Jedge," said the unabashed miner. "Can't help it!" said the Judge, " Why, what do you mean?" " Just so, Jedge, three years ago I was * packing' in Idaho, and one of them tarnal males reached ont and tuk ont three of my front teeth, and I've pre varicated ever since 1" In connection with these it may be asked to what colonial Judge does the reported Hibernicism belong ? Who is the Jndge who once told a witness to " hold his tongue and give his evidence clearly." 