NOTES OF A NATURALIST IN AUSTRALIA. \-- --^" P. - ? No. a VICTORIA. Er DR. J. E. TAYtôii,' F.L S., F.G.S., Eonon OF "SciE-iCEGossir." The railway journey' from Ballarat to Ararat is, for the first hour, through a tame and uninteresting kind of scenery. There is nothing to strike a stranger except the sense of space, and it is singular how slowly that creeps upon one. I am only just beginning to understand it I suppose it is due to my having always to mentally adjust my sense of distance on small scales, so that it seems impossible when a certain object, such as a hill, is pointed out as being 50 miles away, that it can be even half that distance. One has to modify a good many mental instincts in Australia. It appears most strange that I should have to look north for the sun at noon. The east and the west appear to have changed places. I find myself inevitably taking the diametrically opposite direction to that I ought to take, especially at night. These new experiences have not yet had time to be combined into unconscious automatic action. Notwithstanding the low-lying baldness of the country beyond Ballarat, there is this undefined sense of grandeur due to the vast extent over which the eye can wander uninterruptedly. Here and there gleams the shining surfaces of water-sheets-perhaps mere swamps, or even altogether dried up in summer, but just now, after the abundant rains, they have a temporary existence as lakes. I am aroused from my reflections by my ears and eyes catching fire names of a, familiar and dearly beloved place, "Winder- mere." A splendid lake extends right away, bounded by low-lying hills, some of which put into the lake as miniature headlands and capes. But I miss the rugged, pine-clad mountains of the locality whose -iamd'the Australian Windermere has borrowed-just as one fails to find the hallowed associations with which the genius of Wordsworth, Coleridge, Wilson, and others, have sanctified the true " Lake district" Nevertheless, I was pleased to find a Windermere in Australia, and I doubt not it was derived from the re- semblance of this beautiful sheet of water to its English prototype. Beyond this place the railway runs through pastoral country, seemingly occupied only with those vegetable ghosts, the ringed and dead gum trees. Here and there a black wood tree (Acacia melanoxylon) produces an agreeable contrast, for its bright and um brageous greenery gives it the appearance of an English oak Presently we approach a beautiful!; wooded series of hills, and the carefully watched railway cuttings show that the rock is a granite The much altered primary schist and shales are gnarled and twisted, rent and faulted, and upturned in the immediate neighbourhood When granite comes to the surface, and forms the rocks about any place, it is a sure and certain and, to a great extent also, a measureable sign of long continued state spheric denudation for granite is a true igneous rock, once in a pasty it not a molten condition. But it was in this state under the enormous pressure of overlying rocks, and, moreover, it cooled and assumed its present appearance and mineral structure when the pressure was still there If the molten mass had cooled without the overlying pressure being present, the result would have been to form some other variety of igneous rock, such as basalt, but granite would not have been formed Some granites have been formed under different pressures to others. Thus, those of Cornwall cooled and solidified beneath about 50,000ft, of overlying strata, whilst those of the Highlands of Scotland were formed beneath 30,000ft. The difference is expressed in the different mineralogical, structures of the various granites It will be seen, therefore, that in the localities where we find granite, there must have been going on very extensive denudation. Many thousands of feet of once overlying strata have been peeled off and carried away to the sea bed by rivers, there to form strata of more recent date The bush comes right down to the railway or rather the railway runs right through the bushes The latter is very dense, crowded with creepers the gum trees laden unusually rich those seen parasitic plants the Australian mistletoes (Loranthus) Many curious proteaccous plants, both arborescent and arboreal crowd together At Ararat we are again in the presence of gold mining as the rubbish heaps and mining machinery plainly indicate Here again the tertiary basalts have broken through They have a remarkable agglomerate: appearance. I was on my way to fulfil some lecture engagements at the pretty and thriving town of Hamilton so I had to change carriages at Ararat The scenery is rather tame for some distance that is as long as we are passing over the outcrops of the Silurian shares. By and by we perceive we have passed on to quite a different formation The herbage is richer 1 he dense forests of dead and dying gumtrees proclaim that there is plenty of vegetable diet The entire plain from here to many miles beyond Hamilton is covered by sheets of once molten rock which cooled as basalt The latter has been exposed to the action of the weather perhaps for hundreds of thousands of years and has decomposed into a rich brown soil full of all those mineral salts on which most plants thrive The number of blackwood trees give the plains the familiar appearance of a well kept English park On the right hand side we catch a glimpse of a not distant range of mountains the Grampians We have time to study their shapes and to speculate on the agencies which have carved and sculptured them as we slowly travel along It was getting on in the afternoon when I saw them more closely and their peaks stop I out dark ly against a lovely primrose tinted sky they are covered to their very tops with trees whose green foliage seen under conditions of fading light gave that remarkable effect which we only find reproducible in a good reaching Some of the peaks of the Grampian range rise to the height of 320ft such as Mount William Their number is my no 1. Against the sky line they looked like the unequal is sued teeth of some gi"anticsaw I never felt so desirous of exploring a legion before as I did this of the Australian Grampians What treasures of delightful scenic bits must it not enclose ' A week or two after I was there I saw a pie ture by Gerard, of a view in the Grampians It was a magnificent picture, in which the artist had caught the genius of Australian landscape namely its vastness In this picture, gumtree clad mountain slope succeeds mountain slope river life silver threads meander deep down through defiles suggs tive of primeval dall ness gloom and danger, where never foot of white men may have yet trod The rocks of which the Australian Grain plans are composed are set down as Mesoyoic. I think this practice is often done in Australia when geoloGist. are not sure, and when they find strata unraeiimio-phosed, and not -entering fossils I do not blame them. On the other hand I have great sympathy for the Australian Government Geological Surveyors. Their own proclivities are ahead of those who control them The latter want gold fields and coal fields one or the other, or, better than all both the scientific geo logist desires most of all to accurately study the rocks as he sees themselves compost turn mineral structure fossils, and strata graphical relationships-irrespective as to whether it pay or not And the geologists in the long run will prove to be right, and their political directors vi will prove to be wrong ' But then the latter we will be out of office and it will not matter one jot ' It will make a material difference to the future prosperity of Australia however- intellectually as well as commercial!) I think the (colonists are right in placing the event.. of the Grampian Hills 513 Mesozoic I do not think til it naturalists and gcolo gists who accept the theory of evolution as a world in" theory (just as astronomers employ the theory of admiration in their practical work) tun too distinctly bear in mind that the geological periods III Australia which he in the same name, as those of J urope very probably occurred later on 1 bus the Devonian period in Australia may have been taking place when there was a Carboniferous epoch in England ; just as we find the same groups of animals -marsupials, reptiles, marine sharks, and shell-fish and Freshwater mud- fish still living in Australia ; although we rarely find any of them in Europe in strata later than those of the early Tertiary epoch. Doubtless some kinds of fossils will, by and by. be found in the rocks of your Grampian mountains, and then the matter (which is only a theoretical one, after all will be set at rest But the shapes of these Grampian Hills! How old they look ! What thousands of centuries of sun-heat, frost, snow (perhaps gla evers insomeas } etdimly-giu- i-sed-iit geological periods, rain, hail, and wind actions they must have been subjected to. The quart.: grains composing these sandstones may have been derived from the decomposition of the granites of which I spoke above. They are rounded and waterworn. They were gathered together along the floors of unknown seas, and chemical action bound them together into these solid, weather def) ing masses millions of years ago ! But the history of the world is a history of taking down and building up, organic and inorganic, the great builder-up being the radiant energy of the gun, which also takes down as well as constructs. Its heat, falling on the exposed surfaces of sandstone rock, causes them to expand beyond the force of the cohesive attraction which has bound them together; and so grain after grain becomes detached and falls down as dust The wind blows it away, or the rain washes it away. A new surface is exposed, and the same results follow. A century slips away-a thousand centuries-and the sun is still engaged in reducing a mountain to dust The parts possessed of strongest cohesive action endure longest, stand out most distinctly, and boldly form the sierra pêales of mountain ranges, as they do these of the Grampians. *' ,. At Dunkeld'one spur of the Grampian'sTias| either come as near to the railway as it dared, or else the' railway has been taken as near to the Grampians as was deemed advisable. At any rate the same result follows. We get a good eye-to-eye view of the scenic features and character of the entire mountain range. A lovely place is this of Dunkeld, with a name quite sufficient to recommend it, if nothing else. I felt as if I should like to know some of the squatters, whose splendid houses I could occasionally see through the gum-tree and blackwood forests, so that they might ask me to stay with them. The Victorian range of mountains (after a short interval of intervening plain) con times the strike of the Grampians But they are far away towards the horizon Still one recognises by their shapes that they have a geological relationship, and, perhaps, a geological origin identical with that of the Grampian mountains Gliding over these plains on the cheaply constructed railway we eventually approach the town of Hamilton Volcanic cones rise here and there in the distance, such as those of Mount Napier and others near the railway station the basalt is seen in huge agglomerate masses each mass peeling off in layers like the coats of an onion, through the chemical union of the oxygen of moisture and of the air with the iron contained in the rock Hamilton is a pleasant and hospitable town, with delightful surroundings. 1 was the guest of Mr de la Poer Wall, of the College, the well known author of The Physical Geography of Australia, an admirable little book which I have already found of the greatest use I was also fortunate enough to meet there a fellow tow usman and an ardent geologist, in Mr Denning who is diligently working up the fossils and minerals of this remarkable district. Of course, I was taken to the Wannon Tails That goes without sa. ing for it now body went to Hamilton and did not go on to see the Wannon call", the people would think as little of him as the Sydney folks would if he went to their city and never saw their beautiful harbour These falls are at Redruth, about a dozen miles from Hamilton After the first three or four miles the drive is through undulating, well wooded, and picturesque country Nearly all of it is masked by volcanic rocks which in some places have weathered into loose sand much sought after for building purposes and whose local outcrop is immediately indicated on the surface by the luxurious growth of the un cleared scrub the valley of the Wannon is exceedingly beautiful The river was tolerably high when I visited the place My friends led me by its boulder strewn lichen clad banks, and I was amusing myself with noting the thousands of those carnivorous plants, the sun dews covering the ground in places, when the noise of falling waters reached my ears Looking up I beheld one of the most beautiful andimpreasivescenes I have ever seen in my life. The river Wannon was going bodily over on undercut precipice. " Its waters described a curve as they flung themselves down to a depth of 165ft. I stood near the brink, and looked down into the boulder bordered, dark pool beneath. On either side the rocks rose in steep irregularity, and a long and winding gorge received the fallen waters of the liver. The gorge is three or four miles in length. Descending the rocks as well as we could we made our way underneath where the river came over. This can he done quite safely. We then saw that the water comes over a harder stratum of volcanic rock, which has covered up beds of volcanic ashes. The latter are softer and the spray of the water is constantly eating them away, and is thus under- cutting the overlying bed of hard rock. The latter is then broken off in fragments, and the huge masses in the river- bed beneath were all detached in this way. Thus the Falls are constantly working backwards, and the whole of the river gorge, three miles in length, has been eaten away by the slowly retreating cataract The volcanic lava and ashes can be easily studied in the section beneath the falls. We have there- a hollow wall of rock SOffc in height At the bottom there lie, embedded in volcanic ashes, the trunks of partly petrified and partly carbonised trees, which were killed by the hot ashes descending, probably from the crater of Mount Napier. There also may be obtained fine specimens of the seem to me and rare mineral Virianite; but the collector will have to enclose still dry cotton wool at once, or its exquisite blue metallic lustre will vanish. The day's pleasure was still further intensified by the admirable dinner with which the genial hostess' of the Wannon Falls Hotel supplied'UsJ'aftor-our geological and mineralogical explorations were over. 