IF Victorian soldiers are to fight in the Soudan, the Government has determined that all the responsibility shall not rest on its own shoulders. It has as much chivalry and good feeling to< wards the mother-country as Mf DALLEY, and is just as anxious to carry the Australian flag to the i front as the Acting Colonial Secretary of New South Wales, h But it has determined that, whatever is done by this colony in regard to the Soudan, shall be done in a constitutional form; and. we applaud the Go vernment for coming it this sensible r& p solution. Particulars will be found in m another column, showing what was a o decided upon at the Cabinet meeting yesterday. It was that the head of the Government should telegraph to the Agent-General in London covering an offer from Victoria to send 600 to TOO men, fully equipped, to the Soudan, and at our own expense, the force to consist of the Naval Brigade, and a battalion of mounted infantry. This is the right sort of force to send to the Soudan, and although it would take a little longer to equip than the New South Wales force, and perhaps cost a little more, it would be certainly more effective and useful to the Imperial commander. In the event of the Imperial Government accepting this offer, Parliament is to be called together without delay, and its ratification asked before any further step is taken towards carrying the project to fruition. This iB unquestionably the most rational as it is the only constitutional course to pursue; for equipping and maintaining GOO or 700 Victorian troops in the Soudan is a very serious piece of business, and however lightly it may be regarded now, the feeling would probably quite another form in a- few months hence, and when the present craze has. cooled down, if the whole affair was not gone about in a proper and perfectly legal manner at its inception. . Sending such a force as is proposed means an outlay of something like £200,000 a year; for Victorian troops would have to be paid far better than British troops, or they would not go, and every provision would have to be made for them whi e in the field, as well as for those who returned to us maimed, or, if married men and dead, then for their widows and children. Certainly, there is a talk of a patriotic fund being raised, and no doubt the money would flow.in just as freely here as it seemB to be rolling in in New South Wales. But, judging by experience, this fund will never reach anything like the erpehse which a corps would be to the colony, especially if the operations in the Soudan should extend over a year or two, whioh may be taken for granted as tolerably certain. In matter of such magnitude as this, and which really means a sort of declaration of war ifiy Victoria against the Mahdi, the Government has done right by resolving not to take «U the responsibility on its own shoulders, but whatever it does to have legal, or parliamentary,-; sanction for. its acts; and we believe that oine-tenths of the. community and cert&inlj; all thoughtful men, will heartily endorse this resolve, although Mr Dalley has gone over ths bead of Parliament, and plunged New outh Wales "j^, a heavy responsiility wit ll,oiit first of all obtaining the onp^nt 0f ^ Legislature to what fe is now so busy completing; and let him have whatever credit he may get for such aa B w q p t h o extraordinary proceeding. The determination of onr own Government will not delay the despatch of the Victorian contingent if Parliament, should so direct, for a few days will suffice to call the legislature together, and the meantime can be spent in taking down tbe names of the men willing to go, and making other preparations in the event of a favorable answer being received from the mother country to the offer which the Agent-General has been instructed to snbmit. On the other hand, if Parliament should not agree to the contingent being sent owing to the cost, then the Imperial Government will be eo advised, and there will be an end to the whole business, and all the expense the colony will bo put to will be just that amount which has been spent on preliminaries, and this amount is not likely to reach anything like a big figure. The Government, in our opinion, feas resolved upon a very judicious course to deal with the war epidemic which has broken out so furiously in this .land, and it deserves all praise for coming to so business-like and unexciting a conclusion. It affirms the wisdom of sending troops to the Soudan, since New South Wales has resolved upon this step. But it resolves to send them, if they are sent, in a constitutional form; and all sensible persons will applaud this legal and rational decision. WE have now the full partioolarB of hat scare which was caused in the old country, and atso here, by the order received from the Admiralty in the early part of last month, that the Channel squadron was to prepare at once for sea; and it is rather comical to find how little cause there was for the alarm which that order occasioned, although, when all the circumstances are looked at, it is no wonder that the alarm arose. It had leaked out that two Cabinet Councils had been held during the pre- ceding two consecutive days, and that the business considered was the action of Germany in South Africa. The somewhat Btem attitude of Prince BISMARCK towards British claimB in South Africa had stirred up the British nation a great deal, and the papers were full of the theme; and no little anxiety WBB felt as to what would be the decision of the Cabinet on the subject. The emissaries of the press were irnre than ordinarily active to get at the bottom of the tone of the Cabinet, find out whether it was hostile to Germany, or was bent on adjusting the difference on a friendly basis; but they could not clear up the mystery in any way to their own liking. The result was very different accounts in the London and provincial papers as to what the feeling of the Cabinet was on the topic which, at the time, was receiving BO much attention. By some of thepapers, the attempt to make anything serious out of what the Government was discussing was pooh-poohed; while other papers prophesied that the friendly feeling, which had so long subsisted between England and Germany, was about to break op, making something very like an outbreak of war certain. When the preBs and the public mind had reached this tension, telegrams reached London from Portsmouth and Plymouth, announcing that the Channel squadron had received an order to prepare for going to sea at once, the order having come direct from the Admiralty for the purpose. When these telegrams were read in the evening papers, excitement ran high through the old country, and war with Germany was regarded as nevitable, the hypothesis being that the patience of the " Grand Old Man " ad been exhausted at last, and that he and his colleagues had resolved to put a curb on BISMARCK'S pretensions. The excitement was intensified by the circumstance that placards had been osted about Portsmouth and Plyouth, bearing the signature of the dmiral in command of the squadron, rdering all officers and seamen who were on leave to rejoin their ships at once, as they would get up steam and depart shortly. The effect of the order from the Admiralty, of the placards, and of the excited state of public feeling in Britain, spread all over the continent of Europe, and caused a corresponding commotion among all classes there, although it is not on record that BISMARCK smoked one cigar ieBB that night, as he no dcubt knew perfectly well the feeling of the British .Cabinet on the South African question, and was satisfied, therefore, that there was no ground for all the commotion which was raging. The scare only laBted through the nest day, for on Monday morning the London papers published the following note, which they had received from the Admiralty, and which had been despatched to them when it was seen what an excitement the order to the Channel squadron had aroused:— The Seoretary of the Admiralty presents bis compliments to the editor, and begs to inform him that no change whatever has been made in regard to the movements of theChannel Eqaadroc, The sqttadron were ordered some weeks ago to be ready for sea on 7th January, to proceed on the ordinary winter cruise. On Saturday the officers and men on leave were ordered to rejoin their ships by Monday evening, co that the squadron might sail on the date named. The appearance of - this- note in the -morning papers,-of course, .allayed the: scare. But it did not prevent the editors from condemning the Admiralty for its telegram to the" admiral on the previous Saturday; and it must be said that they had every ground for complaining. For it was .an exceedingly thoughtless act on the part of the Ad J miralty to send such a telegram to the admiral when the public mind was in M such a state of tension, caused by the protracted sittings of the Cabinet on a "burning question," and when, therefore, the least move of the Govern-: ment bearing a warlike aspect'would be sure to arouse the gravest apprehensions. Moreover, there was another reason why the editors should become angry, and this was that the' action of the officers of the ships did not bear out the Admiralty memorandum which we have quoted above. The under officers and men who were away- from the shipB had been given' leave till Monday, the 14th of January; and it was asked how- could this extended leave have been given if the sqaadron had been " ordered some weeks before" to be ready for sea on the 7th, or five days before the period of. leave 4 would • expire ? ^Subsequent - events have shown that there was never the least intention on the part of (he ritish Cabinet to come to a rupture 1 « ith Germany on the South Afric^ a uestion, so that the discrepancy p M ointed ont above must have be-^ ,} ne o that aptitude for bungli^ which as been Bhown in high ^jaurter* in the ld country ever Hnce tb; 6 present Ministry came into office. - Beyond all doubt, there waB no significance in the starboard division of the - Channel squadron being ordered to prepare for sea, as the Ministry never intended fighting Germany, or any other European power. The Cabinet meetings and the Btato of the public mind, and the order from the Admiralty formed a coincidence, and nothing more. Bat the order certainly caused a great deal of public alarm for some thirty-six hoursand both the Government and the Admiralty have deservedly come in for some hard knocks over the occurrence. They were told that they nndaly disturbed the public mind by what they did; and there is no denying that a profounder truism WM never asserted. Lieutenant-Colonel gieep was baset yesterday by persons ready to volunteer for service tn the Sondan, and during the day over 100 waited open him to gtre in their names. The volunteers incladed old Imperial soldiers, ex-volanteers, members of the present Militia and others. Pending the arrival of the answer to his telegram of Monday, he did not enrol the applioante, bat directed them to attend at the Orderly-room in the evening, by which time he hoped to have some definite information to recruit noon. Last night there was company 'drill for one company of the Bsllarat Battalion, but there was only a limited attendance owing to the frequent drills last week over the Sargood trophy competition. On its becoming known, however, that the names of those prepared to go to the Sondan could be registered, more them three-fourths of those on parade gave in their names and addresses, with information as to their a^es and heights, We received a telegram from Melbourne yesterday, advising:—"The Government has decided to telegraph to the Agent- Generat, offering to send 600 or 700 men folly equipped, consisting of naval brigade and mounted infantry. If the offer is accepted, Parliament will be convened without delay." The Australians may confidently anticipate aotive service, judging by the telegram from Lord Wolseley. General Lord Wolseley telegraphs to the Governor of New South Wales as" follows:—" Please "inform the troops coming here that I look forward with pridei to the honor of having Australian soldiers under my command' in the field." The telegram, whioh is dated " Soudan, 16th February," was received yesterday by the Governor of New South WaleB. Fall particulars of this measures being taken to organise the Australian contingent will be found in another column. Amongst the candidates for a seat la the Legislative Assembly for Ballarat East at the cext election, will be Mr E. Steinfeld, who has been amongst the electors for the past few days. . Mr Sceinfeld, we understand, will stand on the Independent Liberal ticket. Messrs W. H. Uren and H. Bell, M.L.A., waited on the hon. the Minister of Mines some time ago for the purpose of obtaining a diamond drill to test the supposed alluvial drifts west of Ballarat towards Burrumbeet. In answer to their request tbe following letter has been received:—"lam directed by the hon. the Minister ot Mines to inform you that Mr Murray, the geological surveyor, has already recommended localities for boring in the conntry west of Ballanat, towards Burrnmbset, and he will be able to fix the exact Bites as soon as a drill 1B ready to be sent theje.—C. W. LAM IRES, Acting Secretary for Mines and Water Supply." A warden's oaurt was held at Smythesdale yesterday, before Mr J, C. Thomson, warden, but there was no appearance of the parties in the two caBes set down for hearing, viz., Rutherford and party and Rowe ana party v A. M'Lean, for the forfeiture of ground at Derwent Jacks, andtheooHrtwaa adjourned, A meeting of representatives of looal bodies WOB held in the City Hall yesterday, the object being to devise some means of. recognising the services of Mr James Dodgshun, ex-mayor of Melbourne, and Mr E. G. Fitzgibbon, city olerk, during thepast two years, in connection witb the Creswick disaster relief fund. There were present the mayor of Creswick (convener and chairman), the mayors of the city and town, Mr Steinfeld, Mr BBason, and Mr Spance, On the motion of the mayor of the city, seconded by Mr Benson, it was resolved—" That the meeting is of opinion that the labors of Mr James Dodgson, mayor of Melbourne 1882, and Mr E. G. Fitzgibbon, town olerk of Melbourne, in capitalising and establishing a permanent trust of the moneys collected by public subscription for ths benefit of the sufferers by the Creswick mining disaster, have resulted in a national benefit to all who may hereafter suffer from mining accidents, and are deserving the best thanks of the mining community of the oolony." On the motions of Mayor Walker, it waB reaolvcd to present addresses under seals of the several corpor- ations of the mining centres, embodying the foregoing resolution, to ex-Mayor Dodgshun and Mr Fitzgibbon. A vote of thanks, on the motion of Mr Steinfeld, was passed to Mr Zox, M.L.A., for the work done by him towards getting the Trust Bill through Parliament. The drafts of the proposed addresses submitted by Mr Perry were adopted, and the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the mayor of Creswick, Mr Luttet, for his exertions on bahalf of the fund, and for. his pretence that day. An action for defamation of character has arisen from a statement made in the Town Court on Monday by Constable Parsons. The bench enquired if the polioe knew anything of the character of the house of a Mrs Graham, in Wills street} and Constable POTEO&F;, on going into the box, stated that the hovse was "no good," and that Mrs Graham was the associate of characters. Mrs Graham denies the truth c tt'-f statements, and her husband has taken legal advice, with the result that a writ will issue in a few days. Inspeotor Parkinson has re-arranged the Main street beats, which lately have come in for severe criticism. In futuratwo constables will devote their entire attention to patrolling Main street, from Humfiray to York streets. The remains of the little children who were drowned in the White Flat dam on Saturday were Interred in the Ballarat Old Cemetery, yesterday. Tbe procession was a very large one, consisting of the.children and teachers of the Welsh Sunday school, of which Elvira Bees, one of the deoeased children; was an attendant; then, the children and teachers of the Ebentzsr Presbyterian Sunday sohool, who thus shoved their respect for their -late schoolmate Sarah" Jane Barr. One hearse, with white flumes, contained the>twb-ooffint,~.and there'were three mourning coaches and several private vehicles.. The funeral services. were condnoted by the Revs. Messrs Thomas and Alien. Mr Lee had oharge bfthe moitaory arrangements. A marriage of rather more than ordinary interest will take place to-day, the consenting arties being Mr T. Kift (of the firm of leeera Klft, Whitelaw, and Ruddock) and iss Luey Kilburn, daughter of our respected fellow-townBman Mr J.- C. Kilbarn, a resident of thirty-two years' standing,. In eom- memoration of the happy event, the Bellringera' Club will ring a marriage peal at half-past six o'clock "in the evening, and a social. party, on.; a large sosle, mil .take plica afterwards in Bruun's Orchestral Hall,' Doveton streot. An interestiim gathering in connection with the Primitive Methodist Gospel Bond took plaoe In the Eyre street schoolroom, on Friday evening last. Mr William Tayler, who has been a leading member of the church for a considerable" period, and baB officiated -as leader of the band tinoe its Inception, -having removed,to Melbourne it was deoidedthat he should sot bB allowed 'ta depart without Bome sm≪ token of the esteem in whioh he is held by-the membsrs. Messrs Richards aud Coi were accordingly commissioned to execute s ,large -richiy-mounted group photo ofthe members, airdjt4s needless tossy they have performed their work in the most creditable manner. Alter partaking of a capital tea, presided- over by- the Misses Cole (2), Abley, and. Z>«vid9oa, the Jlev.- H. :GoIe delivered .a vary inter&ting; . apeeohi eulogistic of Mr^Taylor, and then -called on Mr J. W.- Eirton-tomakethe presentation. -MrKirton, after-referring to Mr Tayler*s longond'enthi»J»He serocea in religIonB ;. W0rk, stated h»t he (tasted thkt he would aooept the gilt! m s a mark of their admiration and hearty ap- t recision of his efforts In the oaune of tie | aster, and as an expression of their best DT wiBhes for his future welfare. Mr Taylor's RM response was a very feeling one. After expressing his thanks for the handsome me meiito, he referred to his long connection with the church, the many happy seasons he bad spent with the Gospel Bind, and trusted that their labors would be crowned with success. Addresses were then delivered by. the Rev. R. Jaokson, and Messrs Kew, Hill, Pattie, Jolly, and Lingham, all of whom eulogised the recipient, and wished him God speed. After further singing and prayer a very enjoyable and profitable evening was closed with the benediction. The house of a wood-carter named Luke Sims was broken into on the 14th instant, and wearing apparel to the value of 30s was stolen from it. Sims was in at BaUarat, and during his absence Mrs Sims stayed at a neighbor's, and it was while they were both away that the robbery was committed. The annual conference of the delegates^ of the various branoheB of the Australian Natives' Association takes place on Thursday next, being held this year at Sandhurst. Thirty-Bix delegates, representing eighteen branches, are expected to be present at it. The business sheet, which contains the usual number of domestic mattara, has prominent In its items, as a matter requiring early and close consideration, the report of the board of directors on the Government aotuary's tjble of quarterly contributions necessary to be paid by members to place the association upon a thoroughly sound financial basis. A very successful entertainment was held last night in the Clyde Hall, in aid of the Gilbert family. Previous to the entertainment, a torchlight procession took place, headed by the Soldlere' Hill drum and fife band. The ball was crowded, and after Professor Needham had exhibited Ms panorams, the following programme was snb mltted,- to the entire satisfaction of the audience:—Sailors' hornpipe, Messrs Foster and Gilhooley; song, Mr Solomon; son); (with banjo accompaniment), Paul Bent, o the famous Royals; Bong, Mr W. Saunders; ballad (select), Mr Bray; harmenicon solo, Mr Philips; sand jig, O. T. Gibbs, of famous Royals; doable clog dance, Messrs Kelly and Baker; ballad. Mr Saunders; pianlBte, Miss Durel, of Kersandand Waverley's minstrels. The song, " Death of Gordon," composed and sung by Mr Saunders, was greeted with loud spplsuse, and an enaore was insisted on, Mr B. Morphew acted as manager, and much credit is due to the charitably inolined initiators and performers. The employ^} at the Gasworks being desirous of making some presentation to Mr John Williams, one of their number, on his retirement from the company's employment, deoided to give to him an album containing their, portraits. Mr Williams has been twenty-two years in the works, and during that long period .has secured the esteem ana aSsotion of his fellow-workmen. 1 he album selected is a very beautiful one, with ilium • nations of a unique design, and it contains remarkably well-exeouted likenesses of the donors. The album and portraits were procured at Mr Chuck's photographic studio, Mr C. Bartells, a young man well and favorably known in Smythesdale, having been married in Melbourne on Sunday last, a numbsr of his and the bride's friends met the wedding party at the railway station on their return on Monday afternoon, and received them with oopious showers of rioe, expressive of their good wishes for the future welfare of the bride-and bridegroom, The happy oouple were then escorted to the residence of Mr Bartells, sen., where a numerous company sat down to the wedding banquet, and partook of the excellent repast provided in honor of the occasion. The health of the bride and bridegroom was proposed In eloquent and euioglstio -terms by Captain John Lynch, of the Smythesdale Volunteer Fire,Brigade, who also presented the bridegroom with a handsome and valuable clock as a -wedding present from the fire brigade, of which body he is the lieutenant, Mf Bartells hriefly acknowledged the presentation, thanked ms friends for their expressions of regard, and after the customary toasts had been duly honored, the guests spent the rest of the evening In dancing and other amusements, which were kept up until an early hoar. A mestirg of the committee of management of the entertainment to be given in the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow eveniog by Mr W. H. Batten, met on Monday night and made the final arrangements for the entertainment. It was reported that the tickets were being readily disposed of, and tbe committee resolved that, in order to secure the comfort of ticket-holders, the doors Bbould be cpaned earlier than UBUSI to admit them. "An evening with James Russell Lowell," the prince of American humorists, will furnish rare entertainment, and wo can confidently recommend all who find pleasure in the keenest American wit find humor, and in the most manly of sentiment and spirit, to attend at the Mechanics' Institute and hear Mr Batten to-morrow night. Mr Rotert Gemmell, of Bsaafort, and one of its old residents, passed quietly away, at his residence, last Saturday morning, at the comparatively early age of 46 years. The deceased had for the last few years been contracting for the Riponshire Connoil, and was ailing for some time past.. His funeral, which took plsce on Sunday^ was followed by a large number of friends to the Beanfort n Cemetery. He leaves a widow with a young family of four girls. An old man generally known as " Yorkey," who. is suffering from paralysis, was brought from Caps Clear to -Smythesdale yesterday by Mr Edward Purdue, and was afterward forwarded by train to the Ballarat Hospital. Mr J, C. Thomson, licensing magistrate, attended at Smythesdale yesterday and granted a special temporary license to Richard Parrington, "landlord of the Reform hotel, Haddon, to sell liquors at the rifle matoh for Mr H. R. M'Vitty's trophy, whioh is to take place at Haddon on Friday next, 20th inBtant. The Ballarat Liedertafel iB again to the front in the matter of novelty. A grand moonlight concert on Lake Wendouree on Monday week, the 2nd March, is announced. Already the matter has been well received, and doubtless a splendid gathering will reward the enterprising society. There Is to be a trial of fox terriers at the Sportsman's Arms hotef (Mr J. H. Mansfield's) on Goad Friday, ladies to be nominators. A trophy in the shape of a very handsome gold bracelet is offered for competition, and it furnishes a prize worth winning. The bracelet is on view at the establishment of Mr J. T. Sleep, jeweller, Lydiard street. The soholars, teachers, &c.;, of the Roman Catholic schools of Maryborough, Creswick, Talbot, and Clunes held their annual planic at the Botanical GardenB yesterday. There was a very large number of the plcniokers, who were conveyed to the gardens by a lengthy special train. The weather was aU that could be desired, and the pleasure* seekers spsnt a most enjoyable day. The steamers at each trip were crowded, while the buses and cabs were also kept busily employed plying to .and iroiri the lake and the city. .About dusk the party returned' home, well pleased "With ^he outing. Frederlok Smith was proceeded against by Constable Honnigonat the City Police Court yesterday for having a cesspit on his premises a nuisance. Defendant was fined £1, and £3 Ss oosts. - The two brothers James and'John O'Halloran, charged with Insulting behavior, were dealt with at the City Polioe Court yesterday. James was fined20s, in default'seven days'imprisonment, and John was discharged. A second charge of stealing beer was withdrawn. Some of the finest fruit we have seen this seacon has been grown by Mr Peter Reynolda, of 24 3Vdbot street, and the produce Indicates what- may be done by good-culture inthis district.':An apple of the Iriah peach variety, grown by Mr Reynolds, weighed fully l lb, and three black diamond plums are together over l ib. His <egg tolums, and. red gages, are also very ^fiue, being considerably larger than duck eggs, ahd Mr Reynolds may. well feelproudoihiseffortsInfruitralBlng. : Alargemeetihgnf Ihe Ballarat Batohcfrs' Union was ield ln Graham'e rooms. Camp street, hut n!ght;' Mr T. Gibson in the chair. The committee t-eportedprogressandileoiston regarding tehdere, as. .follows:—For bud, Phoenix Fonndry; catering, Mr 3D. MUeuzle; conveyances, Cabmen's Union, subject to conditions. Members present were requested to remind -ownen of horseB Intended for nomination that same oannot be taken later than eight p.m. on 7Tbnraday,,l9th Instant,' at i secretary's office, Lydiard - street.. The entries (for foot raoing were extended to.aame date as horse 'roolng. ,Nominatioii4 and The receipts on the Victorian Railways for tbe week ending 12tb February were £43,178 5s 51. The amount received in tbe corresponding week of 1S84 was £48,513 2* Id. Henry Griffin, charged with shop-lifting, was brought before Mr Turpie, J.P., at the Town Court yesterday, and remanded until Thursday. The Y.M.C.A. Mission at Black Hill gives promise of great success. Another very impressive service was held on Monday night, 1 in the building next the State school. Tbe Christian brass b^nd rendered Borne well known hymns with great spirit. Four ladles of the congregation sang effectively hymns of praise aud exhortation. The building was crowded uncomfortably, and many were nnable to get in. Kathaniel Townsend, a young married man, while engaged in mining at the White Horse Ranges yesterday, received several Bevere bruises in the shoulder and legs, through a fall of earth in a drive. He was taken tothe Hospital and admitted. At three o'olock this afternoon, at the Synagogue, Barkly street, Mr Elias Jonas, eldest son of Mr Isaac Jonas, will be united in the holy bonds of matrimony to Miss Hyams of Melbourne. A grand dinner will take place in the afternoon, and a ball in the evening. Several good takes of perch have beta made at Lake Wendouree lately, and a good many three-pounders have: been hooked by lucky anglers. The carp are also bsiDg caught in fair numbers, bat the lake carp, which are of a beautiful golden color, are not considered as palatable as the more easily obtainable perch. The midday train from Ballarat to Mel- ember* deriipna of coiopstiag are required o have paid full »jiwurt «f contributions, p onations receiv^ were as follows:-Mr T. Wtlnnnn. ickinson, £i £1 is; <=> Mr T. Ctark, Chirk. 10a 10s 63; 63: Mi Mr s . Chinnary, 10s 6d; Mr H. Barry, £1 Is; Mr T. Shillington, 10s; Mr Tomkin, Ss; Mr B. Hepburn, £1 Is; Mr John Adams, £1 Is; and the Hon. P. Russell, £2; also, Mr P. Marxsen, a very handsome cigar case. The picnic promises to surpass all previous gatherings in the way of Buccess, and considering the many trials which horses intended for the Various events are subj act to on the Miners Racecourse, something extraordinoiy may be expected in that class of amusement. The programme exhibited in the varibus tradespeople's shop windows display some very attractive inducements; and to increaEe the comforte of visitors, and to contribute to the general harmony of the picnickers, the committee have decided not to allow any gambling machines,or any thingpertaining thereto, on the grounds. Dowling Forest will be the rendezvous for the outing, the secretary of the Ballarat Turf Club having replied favorably to the application for the racecourse, A vote of thanks to the chair dispersed the gathering. bourne yesterday ran over a goat near the Caledonian bridge, cutting the animal into pieces. Messrs Coselli, Jordan, and Fitzpatrick, J.P., attended at the City Police Court yesterday. Henry Hayfield, charged with drunkenness, was fined 10s, in default three days' imprisonment; and Charles Walker waB fined 2s 6d and 2a 6d costs for trotting a horse over a crossing, The prospectus of the Kimberley Investment and Squatting Company will bB found in our advertising columns to-day. We have deBoribed this project before, and need only, therefore, say now that Monday next is the last day that applications will be received for shares, as the list iB rapidly. fiiKng up with applications. The teams who will represent the B.F.B. at the Firemen's Demonstration are as follows:—Hose Eights, Special Eights, and Hose and Ladder—W. Trahan, W. Perkins, J. E. Stevenson, J. Darcey, P. Cockburn, R. Young, W. Smith, and A, Reynolds. Hose-Practioe for Six Men—W. Newsome, T. Harding, D. Cockburn, N. Wightwiok, W. J. Dork, and F. Fergason. Hose Practice for Four Men—W. Perkins, J, E. Stevenson, J. Darcy, and A. Reynolds, We have received an expressive piece of musio bom Messrs Gien and Co., of Melbourne. It is entitled "Australia, Aus< trab'a," and the words and music are by Mr T. John Tourrier. We have received " Oooe a Mouth," which contains some excellent articles; and we have further recived, through Mr H, Roes, a copy of the thirty-first annual, communication of the Grand Lodge of Victoria, I.O.O.F, It will be notioed by our advertising columns that a grand complimentary benefit to MOUB. Victor, the champion middleweight athlete and wrestler of France and Australia, will take place at the Academy of Music on Wednesday evening next, prior to his departure for America. He will be assisted by Messrs W. Farnam, Abe Hickeu, and D, Nathan, all well known professional masters of the art of self-defence, and the entertainment will comprise feats of strength, fencing, wrestling, and other athletic exercises. Mons. Victor intends to present two handsome silver cups, which are on view at Mr Bade's, tobacconist, to the best amateur boxer and wrestler respectively, entrances for which muBt be sent to the Club hotel, Lydiard street, A service of song will be given In the United Methodist Free Church, South street, this evening, by tbe Mission Choir, under the leadership of Mr G. Pethard. The conective readings will be supplied by Mr Martin Hosking. The service is entitled " Whiter than Snow." Jurors summoned to attend the sittings of the Bsllarat Assize Court will not b9 required to attend on tbe 19th aa the opening of the court has been postponed until the following day, when they will be expected to put in an appearance, We remind those interested that this is the last day that entries will be received for the St. Patrick's Day sports. The two ladB who escaped from the Reformatory last Sunday week were arrested by Constable Usher, near Maroona, on Friday last; and relegated to the place from whence they absconded. It was expected that the runaways would be found in the Maroona district, as one of them bad at one time been in the employment of a farmer there. A case of-chicken-pox, the patient being a lad residing in Talbot street south, was reported to the offioer of tbe looal board of health yesterday. A full meeting of the committee of the Ballarat regatta was held at Lester's hotel last evening. Ordinary business was discussed, and should the weather prove favorable on the 27th inBtant the pnblio will be afforded a great treat, as entries promise to ba numerous, and prizes liberal. One of the best bands available has been procured; so that independent of the regatta itself, visitors will be afforded a musical treat. The Commissioners of Railways were'engaged all Tuesday morning (eaye the World), with the Eaglneer-in-Chlef, Mr Watson, in revising the clauses of the agreements with railway contractors. ' It will be. remembered that-a short time since a-deputation waited on the Commissioners asking for a ourtailment'of the powers invested in the Engineerin-Chief with- respect to the settlement of disputes.. Another meeting will take place to-day (WedneBday)j . after which the Commissioners expect to be able to modify the.contrsct clauses so iu to meet the views of the^deputation.' An aotlon for £20,000 damages will shortly (says the Herald) engage the attention of the law courts, and :in which an ex-counolilar of Ararat and 8n ex-mayor of Geelong will <:e, plaintiff and defendant respectively. The cause of the action is in connection with a Glppdand cool mine, and the. particulars, when they aee the light, are of such a oharaoter that they bid fair to «clipse all previous mining disputes that have yet come jafore the courts. A rumor (says the Ararat Advertiser) was current In Araraton Saturday that a Government official reoently stationed at that town had got into trouble over a misunderstanding with his subordinates. The men have placed the matter In the hands of their solioitor, and an explanation is demanded. A carious tale (says the Warld\ Is being told atSt. Kflda. lt la thatduring the past few weeks "a ghost" has been walking in the. St. Kilda Cemetery, and has caused great alarm to several ladles. A tradesman residing: near determined to have a shot at the ghost, and on Saturday night watched for It,. "It" walked.shortly, before midnight, and when - the tradesman took aim with a pistol, there was a leap - and a very nnghostly squeak On coming up with the "ghost" he found "itto be the son ofa igb legal luminary, who bad been having s rfe. The .shot took ^effect in the arm, and caused acerious wound. The young gentleman Is-now. confined to his bed,,and it-is not likely that the ghost will-walk for some time tooome. The World says that a clerk lately emlovefl by the City Council of Sandhurst will be shortly arrested, as an Information has been worn against him charging him with embezzling the funds of the council amounting to £75. It Is also said that the same man is £55 short in his aooount in connection with the City Fire Board. The number of valentines vhioh passed through the Melbourne General Poet Office on Saturday was not more (Bays the Argus) than two-thirds of the total of last year, acoording to the estimate of the postal authorities, no exact aooount having been kept. The failing-off was ohiifiy notioeable In the number received for the up-country districts. In previous years large numbers have been posted on the eve of St. Valentine s Day for delivery in the provincial towns and cities, but tbis year the number was exceeding few. The Oeelong Advertiser leams that Lieutenant Geo. B. Appleton, of Geelong, has volunteered his services to the Victorian Government in the event of a military contingent being Bent from Victoria to take part in the Soudan campaign. An old man named Riohard Harvey Gordon, whoWOB working last at Maxwelton station, Qaeensland, as a cook, gave himself up to the police at Cloncurry, on the 18th January, for a murder whioh he stateB he committed on the 18th January, 1855. His statement (says the Argus) is that on the above date he had a dispute with his mate, Henry Edward Bartlett, with referenoe to a claim they were working at Baok Creek, Taradale, Victoria. He shot him dead, and placed the body In a drive. He left Viotoria soqn after, and has never been back since. He says that his reaeon for giving himself up is that life has become a burden to bim. Gordon has been examined by the doctors, who declare bim to be perfectly sane in most respects. Tbe Secretary for Railways (says the World) has made arrangements with Mr Topp, inspector of State sehoole, to have the educational examinations of candidates for employment In tbe Railway Department held on the 20th February at the following places:—Melbourne, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Geelong, Castlemalne, Maryborough, Ararat, and Seymour. There are grounds (says the Age) for supposing that bat for the estrangement which has sprung ap between Prince Bismarck and the British Cabinet, the German flag would not have been hoisted in New Guinea. The action, therefore, of winch Mr Service complains, when rightly gauged, may turn out to be one of pique rather than policy, though, of course, no one could object to Germany extending her protection to her factories and her settlements wherever sitaatcd. As a matter of faot (states the European, Mail), it is impossible that the annexation referred to could'have baen suggested by purely colonising instincts. Priuoe Bismarck had been anubbed by tbe British Cabinet, and if he chose his own method of retaliation, and that method has given offence to the colonists, then, not Prince Bismarck, but tbe British Cabinet, Is to blame. Indeed, it Is currently reported that when these matters Were in negotiation the assuranoes whioh were given by Germany to Her Majesty's Government on the subject of New Guinea were of snoh a natnre that, had similar assurances been given by-the'English Government they would have been-held to preolnde the possibility of subsequent .annexation. The Public Service Commissioners (says the Argue) have received 115 protests against their classification of -the work of the civil servants. In only thirty-five cases are the appeals against reductions in the classification, and one public servant, who was in the fonrth class, and was raised to the third class, complains that be was not elevated to the second class. It is probable that the appeals will be dealt with In the course of a week or two. Remembering (says the Telegraph) the service General Gordon did theis country in the suppression of the great Taeping rebellion, some of the most influential of oar Chinese fellow- colonists will probably take steps, in the course of a few days, to start a subscription amongst their countrymen with a view to raise some substantial memento to hiB memory. At the recent sittings of the Lunacy Com mission evidenoe has been given chiefly ia reference to supplies to the Kew Asylcm, which would lead to the conclusion that the tender-board, us an institution, IB a complete failure, and that the means of dealing with defanliing contractors are totally insufficient. Tbe tender-board, at its meeting on Monday (says the Argus), had some of the slatemeats made before the commission under consideration. The evidenoe was held to be quite misleading, and it was decided ta ask the Ijunacy Commission to allow the late oh&irmac; of the tender-board, Major Oouchmsn, or the present chairman, Mr Le Cren, secretary for Public Works, and the deputy ohairman, Mr Chomley, chief commissioner of police, to give evidence. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser writes:—"By the bye, in connection with the war craz9, it is interesting to note that the gentlemen in oar midst who teaoh the use of the foil, rapier, broadsword, &c.;, have, within the last few weeks, had a marked acoeBsion to the ranks of their pupils. It is, of course only in accord with the fitness of things that the young fellows of a nation likely to have to take her place in the wars of the world, shoald perfect themselves In the use of weapons." Some larrikins (says the Telegraph) raised an alarm of fire at the Salvation Army meeting in Albury on Sunday night, at the Exchange Theatre. In the rush that ensued, a number of people received contusions, and many had their clothes torn off their bocks. At a meeting of the committee appointed to receive and disburse the bootmakers' lookout fund, held at the Trades'Hall on Monday night, it was decided (Bays the Argus) to call in all subscription- lists for this fund, with a view to closing the fond. The London. World, whioh started the rumor of Lord Derby's Intended resignation, persists (says the Age) in stating, notwithstanding the official denial, that his lord* ship's career at the Colonial department Is nesring its close. "His colleagues," our contemporary says, "no less than his party are dissatisfied with his administration. Mr Gladstone was excessively annoyed at the mismanagement of the Angra Pequena affair, and Hie Colonial OffioeWBB SO badly, served that it- bad no idea of the coming German annexation in the South Pacific. Lord Derby, however, has obtained another chanoe o! rsrtially re-establishing hiB reputation. If be oi.2 settle the St, Lucia Bay question with Germany, and the New Hebrides question 1 with France creditably and successfully, be may leave the Colonial Office without the character of being an absolnte failure. But In no case can his tenure of thlB department be long, A Colonial Minister who is regarded with aversion in all the colonies is an Impos- sibility."- In consequence oi the nsmber of letters we receive thanking insuiance companies lor settling up policies alter fires, ire are compelled to state that notices of this scrt can only be inserted as advertisements in future. Mr O. Fuller, a candidate for tbe Mining Board, Addresses the electors at Haddon tbis evening. Having lived on the goldfields most ol bis life (onr correspondent writes), he.ibould know the require* ments oi the mining community. Members oi ths Princess Alexandra Lodge are requested to meet at the schoolroom. Sebsa-opoi. this evening, to consider the re-opening ot the lodge. Ii.OX. No. S will meet this «vening in the Oddfellows' Hall, Albert street, at eight. The annual meeting of subscribers to tbe Sevastopol Free Library will be held this evening, at "l£ht o'clock. Pressure on our space compels UB to hold over Tom tToucbstone'e" usual Wednesday contribution until to-morrow 