THE RAMBLER. I paid a visit to St. Jamas the other day, and having occasion to call on Mr Robinson, made my way towards his place of business, but discovered that the Shire Council had shut it oft from the rest of the town by an ingeniously devised miniature lake. Why that particular spot should be selected in preference to any other part of the shire, perhaps Councillors will explain. The beauties of the landscape round this artificial Como partake neither of the kind described byJGray nor that by Byron. An unpoctical three- rail fcnco is the most prominent feature to the wcstnnd a corrugated iron habitation abuts out the view on the oast. Tho means of transit is an ancient tub, propelled by a piece of quartering and assisted invectives that cannot appear in print. I hereby give public warning to the Coun cillors of tho Shire of Yarrawonga, from in formation received, that should they visit, St. James their lives will be jeopardized, The ire of tho townspeople is aroused and the criminal law is to bo set at defiance and for what reason ? In their own hearts they hnow full well. Have they not cut off almost all communication from the surround ing districts on three sides, and left tho town like a fiddle with one string? The road from Lake Rowan is a slough of des pond and the road on the west a nuugmirc worthy of municipal neglect. The thorough faro to the north “ ain’t nothin ” its got no sides and its got no bottom and Councillors say let things bide.” Tho general desire in St. James is, that ns soon os it seems fit, u Councillor may be called to his long home and his ghost condomncd to carry a lantern for the use of travellers, as a retribution for lus neglect. Tho martial spirit in Tungainah has budded, but it scoma fated never to got past the initial fitago. Tho reincarnated spirits of Stonewall Jnckson, Jtilius Cresar, Robin Hood and twenty others quite as illustrious, have resting places in mortal tenements in their midst and long to exercise their genius, but it avails them nothing, Tho Tcc King Sargood reigns in the war office and his congealing touch pre vents progression. F< r tho last two months tho Tungamuli Contingent has requested, de manded rifles ivlnro.vith to exorcise, but tho time is not yet. May bo, it is that tho blushing honours recently showered on our Ice Autocrat have extinguished tho vital energy and ho is now a monument of his former policy. During tho last month I have been on a fitatisticial tour, and tho object—Doos. I find there are exactly 3,000 dogs, male and female, over six months old, tlmtrosido in tins shire. There are G,OUO that have not attained their majority and from what I could loam from tho proprietors, are never going to. Not hat an untimely end awaits them, but their birthdays are, movable, ami it’s just five months, boforo the Dog Inspector calls. It struck mo as being strange, but the Inspector tells mo it’s a common occurrence, and on my asking why tho3,000 aro’nt ns fortunate about their natnl day, ho slightly shut up liksoff oyo and said ho would’nt allow it. Hero is an example of will power ! It’s remnrkablo what strange ^ likes and dislikes these 3,000 dogs have. Some fancy sheep, while others believe that pure enjoyment consists in hurrying up horses ns they proceed along tho street. Another fraction of tho 3,000 delights himself in minstrely on moonlight nights, sitting on his helm lilco a biuliy constructed isocelcs triangle and allowing the music to flow from the apex. This kind of dog requires an In spector all to himself and he should over hnvo tho badge of his office, a lmlf-brick, care fully fiecroted. . An important piece of intelligence conics from Western Australia, the Government geologist of thnt colony having reported tho finding of good payable gold noar'tho Ord River, in tho Kimberly district. The nows of tho discovery, says tho “ Sydney Daily Telegraph," has naturally caused considerable oxcitoment, and a number of minors having been unable to reach Cambridge Gulf by soa have started over land for tlio new find. If successful, this will moro than over tend to draw public attention to the colony, as past experience has proved that there is nothing like gold to attract a population ; and as Mr Stock dale, whoso knowledge of tho country is second to none, has told us that tho climate is magnificent, water nbundnnt and never failing, whilst the natural re sources of the country aro equal perhaps to any in tho world, this discovory should havo tho effect of causing an exodus towards Cambridge Gulf. The British Budget proposals have upset a good many calculations. For instance, a well-known London firm of tobacconists cleared, it is said, to the extent of £48,000 of duty. Tea mer chants, under similar alarm, also made heavy clearances, two London firms alone paying just upon £100,000. Spirit merchants, thinking they had already reached the maximum, never dreamt of increased duty. There was quite a rush of customers at the spirit department of the various cooperative stores on the day after tho Budget. 