SOME BIRDS AND BEASTS. By A-K. T earliest recollection are of life, as it uteina menagerie. The term is ap j oHv sprtlv to a home in which birds, R and fish abounded. Cages hung in n room. Bowls of gold fish etood here there, A marine aquarium filled one doff. An aviary occupied half a balcony, r some time an emu disported itself in a e prass paddock beside the house, or e periodically to the diningroom window be fed with l iscuit, until it was found V ffar upon the poultry, when its nee was dispensed with. a rt time, an opossum slept his days r in an outhouse, but he was found be a rather stupid and malodorous At the very beginning of memory is istered the presence of a smalt tortoise, o had a tub to himself, and whose habit ot 'romiiitr in endless gyrations was very asingto the small observer. Canaries ^ed the majority of the birds, but one was occupied by a pair of diamond spar , birds with a great deal of humour, an eve always on the main chance-in form'of 6ugar. There were a few parrots, ccriainly more than one cockatoo. The er had perches and chains, but were often loose by their tender-hearted mistress t exercise," which they took by nibbling the chairs. One of the cockatoos had its broken by accident. Its mistress set the b, and wound about it a starched rag, ch was found to make a sufficiently strong :_t when dry. The bird bad the sense to p still, and never attempted to remove bandage until the bone had united, "ore amusing than the tortoise, more ~~omethan the opossum, more terrifying the emu's strong beak and cU»rr5, was s Jenny, the monkey. H&r; tmtics were II enough, but the hntpotir was apt to be nterbalanced by s^e menacing grimace, though gb<> -Taa no larger than a good cat, the child whom she had scratched 6r three times was careful to keep out of ch of her Thug-like arms. On cold winter bta, when mulled ale weut round, Jenny allowed an eggcupful. Having drunk on, sue would sit holding the eggiup, looking most beseechingly at her iress^ whose attention she strove to by' llumph, humphing " emphatically, sently, if no notice were taken of her, u would go the eggeup into pieces. The tresj sometimes put packets of lollies into pocket that Jenny might find them there. Of never failed to tind them by searching e *?any llounces of the gown of the 'M, and then they were very speedily sierted to her own pocket. Much was *en to Jenny, because she loved much. S0,T fof ller mistress was perhaps uUuri by cakes and ale, but it Was very ,,u7 hatJ a knack of breaking her -JlT r 8ome ,awkward time-on ct lor fl ' ^sample. Then she made ~ d run ilk es'hl}c8' alonK which she before ^/^"^manous Blondin, out on,-? c move, every peg mid. Th^ ti.^Very ,.nnicle on the ievda croZ, 6 gt0Un.d- A4 lenEth «he her ostracism w°tmUy' that resulted sitiea were l.i *Jer mischievous pro out of rpn i, r usually she was "ibility she rnniVL aily 'nR l'lat by any ily, one dntr n hurt V damage. Un . °r Blue MouS?e-COnta'n'ng a b^utiful Wdint of strS parrJ* waa .eft «> kh\ng het J" S at j*el chain, and eteach it su utmost, she was Plucked it alive it e Parrot out her idea "r«>cu upun lue ? me tact remains tuut, whereas the rfnwnkey escaped unharmed from ner 2\. tk poor bird in its dying agony maue :ak meet in the hand of the pitying ange picked it up. A veterinaty euvRecm uai been attending the dog adtmrin, 9 Jenny's cleverness, she, together wr ®plete list o! her iniouities, was given \- The first tuck ens played her t« was to get hold of his coat, take f » out of the pockets, and tear them Fortunately, the coat was res ?w> she reached a pocket in which rep» note. ctogsi the guU of years, from out tot fur, leathers, and scales, shine w, trustful eyes of the dog-the one«« re establishment, because it was fount 1 several experiments, that he von Captain Parry-called Capl ^cro®hre4 mastiff, black and white u D°t large but tvmarAngly powerful. exc6W'mgly uncomfortable com walk out with, as he insisted upot 5&litts; H and fighting !£P,e. ^ made no scruple wit keeping his Meads waiting made angel m, i?i to new some i into rescued reposed the the y ij r'taift ite as q1. com upon every what whilst he Bettled a difference with an enemy. He has come home with ears torn to rags, bitten and bleeding all over the body, and after being tenderly nursed and healed, he would fight the first time he got oat HiB teeth decayed very - early in life, and he suffered much from the toothache; yet when he had scarcely a stamp left, he would fight lie waa a terror to his kind. Dogs twice his size tacked in their tailB, and sneaked round corners to avoid him; but he was never known to attack man, nor anything but a dog. He stood upon his dignity, and liked to have his superiority admitted. Miss Jenny only once tried a ride on him ; ever after she treated him with the moat deferential polite ness. Captain Parry justified his name by the way he took to the water. He was taken regularly once a week to a beach where the open ocean came in in billows that to a child seemed a mile high. It was a sight to see Captain leap straight into one of these, and after a minute's engulfment come back, riding triumphantly on the top of the next wave. Captain's most noteworthy exploit was to accompany his mistress to the omnibus stand one day, and after ehe had got in, with quite unusual disobedience, dis regarding all her commands to "go home," to settle himself determinedly on the Btep of the omnibus, from whence with warning growls he kept all comers. At last his mistress had to give up her intended journey and bring the dog home again. It was noticed he came very reluctantly, and, contrary to custom, could scarcely be persuaded to enter the bouse. That morning a friend's dog had been mentioned by name, and a laughing threat of adding it to the pets uttered in Captain's hearing. The assumption is that the dog thought to prevent this by going with his mistresa Soon after this a removal was determined upon, a hundred miles inland over steepest mountains and roughest roads. The means {of transport were bullock drays for luggage, and coach for people-an open coach, with, running round it, a few inches above the seat, the most delightful iron rail, catching grown people in the small of the back, and little children on the nape of the neck. As yet Cobb was not in that colony. Hence forth the menagerie was shorn of its glories. Napoleon's passage of the Alps was as nothing to the difficulty of conveying an army of pets over those hundred miles. Some especially tine canaries were taken in enclosed cages in the coach; whilst, as the dog could not go that way, he must go some other way, his mistress ieeling that the surrender of so faithful a creature to a new master and new circumstances was not to be entertained. Ultimately an arrange ment was made with the owner of the teams that were to convey the Lares and Penates to the new home, whereby, " for a considera tion," he waa also to bring the dog. The man received many injunctions to be kind to hiui and see that he was fed ; and fortified with a good meal, Captain started on his travels. If his miserableness equalled that of his mistress as she thought of him left with rough str ncers, lie must have been "a sad dog." The event justified her apprehen sions. The season was mid- winter, and it rained continuously for six weeks ; at the end of th;it time teams, luggage, and dog reached their destinat ion. btrange to say, the dog was alive, but to say that his rib3 could be counted would eive a most inadequate idea of his guuntness. ltather he seemed a canine skeleton, ready for artistic or anatomical purposes. Doubtless a teamster's notion of feeding a dog is to throw him a clean-picked bone now and then, not toQ often, in case he should grow proud. The poor beast's joy at seeing his mistress again was rapturous. .Starving fi» he was, he paid no heed to the food. J-£iidy for him, but kept barking for Silidness, leaping and jumping upon her. As he was enveloped in mud from nose to tail, this was a doubtful pleasure. At last he consented to eat, but for weeks he refused to let his mistress out of bis sight Captain lived to be about 10 years old, ty which time he was toothless. All dogs were his enemies, whom he made the supreme mistake of despising. In conse quence he perished, miserably. Some half dozen of his worst foes, acting in concert, Bet upon liim one day, and almost tore him in pieces beiore he could be rescued. Memory gathers round the ligure of a horse who flourished some time beiore Captain's death. Jack's scars testified that he had known hardship and suffering before he came into our possession. Nevertheless, or perhaps consequently, lie was one of those who resolve, come what may, to do no more than a given amount of work. No coaxing or coercion could urge Jack to any pace other than a slow and ponderous trot He was a bay seventeen hands high, very strong and un handsome, but as his nerves wore warranted to stand anything, as a ghost would not have caused him to 6by, he waB expressly adapted for women ana children -so his master said. Very comical indeed lie looked harnessed sometimes to a low phaeton which his mistress drove. There was a suspicion that Jack was a somnambulist; that directly he was har nessed lie dropped off to sleep. Jack had a 6table companion-a beautiful dark dnppled grey, named Robin. Young, handsome, and energetic, a greater contrast to Jack could scarcely be imagined. Yet, on the principle that opposites attract, they were very loving in their lives, and though they were, probably, divided in their deaths, their fates were as similar as those of Saul and Jonathan. Robin had been broken in ex pressly for the master's own use. He seemed to kuow this, and would let no one else drive him. He waa not always-well-behaved even with that beloved master. But alter he had "shown off" with starts and Bhyings enough to drive any nervous person frantic, lie would drop his head into his master's breast with the most penitential expression passible. Horses are exceedingly iond of young maisse st&lka; cut before the ear forms, ltobiu used to get these, together with oats or chaff. When he had finished the green stalks and the stable door was open, as it was often left on summer nights, no halter was strong enough to hold him. Instead of turning his attention to the other feed, he would break his halter, leap the fence that separated stable-yard from house, and knock at the back door. This he accom plished by raising a fore toot and striking the door with the edge of the shoe. He per formed this feat many times, both by day and night Generally it seemed prompted by the desire for a change of food; sometimes no motive could be assigned eave the wish for his master's society. He was never known to make any express effort to attract the notice of the man who groomed him. Both these horses were stolen from different places and at different times. They, like so many of another kind, disappeared into the vast wilds of Australia, nnfound of the police, "their after-fate untold in martial strain." Boon after Captain's death, the mistress was presented with a Newfoundland pup-a handsome black-and-white creature, which grew to be as large aa a calf. This dog never got beyond' the 4'Puppy" stage in names, and when she grew up and had puppies- of her own, she was called "Old favourite7pastime ^"to^career^round Whilst bo engaged she went at the speed of an express train, paid no heed tn calls or orders, but untiringly ran down he? prey, and killed it. She never attempted to ifciYT P 01 eau !t' anythin« 8l>e found £ n S as slippers, she would tear to atoms. One day, by mischance, Bhe got hold of one of her mistress's crinolines. It was just before crinoline went out altogether when it waa at its largest. Awav shl mmf with this thing. Somehow it slipped over he! head, and then waa presented to admiring eyes the funny spectacle of a dog in a hoon skirt careering round the yard at full speed. Presently, as she did not hold it i up in front, Bhe tripped and fell, and then there was a dog in a cage. As she rolled over and over, inextricably entangled, she was easily secured, and the skirt taken from her. This dog was very jealous, and she was as magnificent at sulks as Becky Sharp was at another accomplishment If at any time she was Bhut out from the family party she would pout like a petted wife. One day a small child visitor was present, who was much made ot by the mistress, talked to, and fed with cake. "Puppy," who was lying under the table, bore this for a time. Then she sat up, and, with lids half-closed looked a mute remonstrance. Finding this had no effect, but that this-what doubtless in her jealous heart ehe called it-"foolery" went on, Bhe stalked from the house Nor could Bhe be persuaded to re enter it for hours. When one of the household almost knelt to entreat her to be reconciled she took no head, but sat gazing before her Sphinx-like. On another occasion, when prevented from following the family to church, she was given Borne favourite food. On our. return, three hours afterwards, the food was untasted, and she was plunged in the most profound gloom, from which she did not emerge for some days. This dog understood human speech perfectly-so per fectly that if anyone unluckily mentioned that he was going out, Bhe was off into the street there to wait till he came out No calls, no orders would bring her in again. Generally she turned her back on the caller, and pretended to be very busily examining something; on the ground, so that any one not knowing her would certainly have pro nounced her-as one man did-to be as deaf as a post." When " Old Puppy " was aged about two years she presented us with a fine family of 10 puppies. Four of these were sacrificed to the water deity, and she overlaid one. The remaining five were splendid fellows, who grew to be as large as their mamma. Four had fine black coats in the close, thick curls of the retriever, with dots of white about feet and chest The fifth was liver- and-white. The unnatural mother deserted her children before they were four days old, preferring to sleep at her mistress's bedroom door to stay ing with five hungry whelps, so the poor things had to be I rough t Up on the bottle. On the fifth night she was shut up with them in a warm outhouse. She broke two panes of glass in the window and then began to gnavr the woodwork, trying to get out When these two dogs were two months old, two of them, Charon and Neptune, tra velled with the family 900 miles to the metro polis of a neighbouring colony. Poor " Puppy " had to be left behind. Charon was so christened because, with red eyes in a black face, he looked the personification of moroseness, and so was supposed to resemble the Stygian ferryman. In reality his charac ter was gentleness itself. lie was, as his master accurately described him, " a lovable old muff." lie was so staid and sedate that when the do^s were a year old he was taken for Nep's father. One solitary act of mischief is recorded of him daring the whole of his 14 years. He picked up a volume of Louvestre in paper, left on a chair, and carrying it to the yard, like his mamma, tore it into shreds. This was done in revenge for being shut out from the dinner table. Except those of his own household, Charon was not fond of ladies. Ilis affection was reserved for the sierner sex. This seems to indicate that his nature waa very feminine. More womanlike still, he was much attached to a clergyman, who came to the house periodi cally, and for whom he used to wait outside. Nothing would keep him out of the room that clergyman was in. Numbers of the medical profession were great favourites with him, except one, who was addicted to wine, and at whom he barked whenever he saw him. The most decided aversion the dog ever showed, however, and it was suffi ciently striking in ao amiable a creature, who was polite to every one, was for a gentleman of the Hebrew persuasion, who took no end of trouble to win his goodwill. If the gentleman called him, he would not budge a foot; if offered food, be would not take it; if patted, he would draw himself from under the caressing hand. This went on for a year ; at the end the gentleman was no further in the dog's favour than at the begin ning. Charon had a long and happy life. During his last year he was afflicted with paralysis, but suffered no pain, and was cheerful to the end. He died peaceably one morning lately, and was buried in a spot where eotn a church will rear its tower sky ward. Not too great a monument for a faithful, honeBt, generous soul, and surely if any creature deserves, Undine-like, the gift of an immortal soul, it is the dog. 