ST. SAVIOUR'S CHURCH RECORD ITEMS. A STILRANGE DnESS.- e read in Our Dumb Neighbours. that some time sincel a man in Cornwall made himself a complete suit, from top to toe, consisting of the skins of 670 rats; the tippet. or boa, was com posed of the skins of 600 of their tails. GinosTS.-A woman in Staffordshire, dlur ing a ghost scare, asked the Vicar to allow her to cut a turf from a certain grave, to be placed under the communion table four days, when, as she averred, tihe dead man, who could not lie at case becauLse he had a guilty conscience, would no longer trouble the village with his presence. SHIORT CUT TO TIlE AI.31sIIUSE.-A disappointed-looking man, with a flask of whisky in his pocket, asked a clergyman. " Is this the nearest way to the almshlouse ! " "No," replied the clergyman, pointing to the bottle-" but that is !" Ennous, like straws upon the surface, flow; He that would search for pearls must dive below. ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDEr. TlAN WORDS. "A man's words are the tongue of his heart, and tell honestly whether he is inwardly corrupt or pure." NEHEMIAH was the writer of the last historical book in the Old Testament canon. TIE BIBLE TIIE PEOPLE'S CHlARTER.-It is a remarkable fact says Geilie. that whilst all other writings of antiquity ignore the exis tenceofthe people, the great theme of the Bible is the story of the common pecople. It turns awayfrom the recitalof the deeds of kings and conquerors, and tells us what was the history of patriarchs and their households; and whilst the rest of the world was sunk into political slavery, the noblest ideas of liberty found a home in the pages of Scripture. From all time it has protested against every social injustice and oppression. PENTATEUCII.-This word means-" The five books," viz., Genesis, Exodus. Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy. These five books are also called-" The Law," and were written by ,Moses. who was, perhaps, assisted by the 70 elders, as the Rabbis assert. JEWS AND GENTILES.-The religious education of mankind has been the gift of the Jews, whereas modern civilization and secular culture is the splendid inheritance of the Gentile. JUVENAL ON TIlE TWORSIIP OF TIIE EGYPTIANS.-" Who knows not what kind of omens the mad Egyptian worships. One district adores a crocodile, another grows pale before an Ibis glutted with snakes. The golden image of the sacred ape shines afar, here whole towns worship cats ; there, fishes of the Nile ; yonder a dog. It is a crime to pull or eat a leek or an onion. 0 holy nation, whose gods thus grows in gardens ! " CIINESE COM3IICE.-l-Te inumlber of ships, excluding coasting vessels, which en tcred Chinese ports in 18s3, was 23.63,. of which 11.205 were English. ;6295 Chinese, 1610 German. and 177 French vessels. English hoLuses do 60 per cent. of all the Chinese trade. A SETTLING I)AY.-AIi infidel sarcastically remarked to a clergyman, '" always spend my Sundays in settlingvmyaecouunts." "And you will probably spend the day of Judg ment in the same way." was tile reply. FnuIT.-Thercare 209 varieties of cherries. 60 of apricots, 23:1 of pi'acles, 1057 of pears, and 297 of plums. " Repentance is to leave The sins we've loved before, And show that we in earnest grieve, By doing so no more." TIHE FIPST TOTAL A?iSTINEINCE I'LED(;E signed arose through a conversation between the late Joseph Livese-y ant l M1r. Jolhn King, on the 23rd of August. :132. The followitng is a copy of the pledge taken : We agree to abstahi from all liquors of an ioto.cictoilg quality, whether ale, porter. wine. or ardent spirits, except as medicine. " SUNDAY TRADING.-The question of Sini day trading was tested in 'arliamcnt on Tuesday evening, :th of December, when forty-five members voted agatinist, and tenl for the motion. Dr. G UTIInIE S FOUiR REASONS FORl ItEING A TOTAL ABSTAINSER.-1. Mylhe:ul is clearer. 2 My health is better. 3. My heart is lighter. 4. M3y purse is heavier. 