A RAILWAY GHOST As then is a*bost Jn thbatory, aooordipg to | all esUtftub'rf rotes it bnjht to oommenoe with '-once upon a time," oat as I amaome whit of an ieonooliat, not even auoh . vener able figun el epoech otn eseipe annihilation at my hands. bt m« be euct is chronology it feist. I bid beta hutily sammooed from Ootnwall to the bedside of i wealthy cli nth bora whom I hid etpeotations, and u the Ulegram in formed ma that he oonld not snrrive bia pre. .ant attask pi coot, I thought it might be u well tor mew M'*in U the death," and so one toggy da; is November, 1800, found me travelling to Ashbourne, a little, out-of-the way plaee, where the oil gentleman lived. Toere were but few passengers on the train, and I had the oomtart eil* carriage all to my .elf. We stopped to ootl at eome tittle way station, whan a passenger was hurriedly nabered, er rather banged, into my oompiit merit by tbe oondnotor. Toe stranger was a tall, this, middle-aged man, with * law lean and withered ilka a shrivelled app}«. Id a dress tlght-flitiog and of an Melenl and fadoj blaok, be looked like ;a man who hadnu vary mneh to «eed, whioh pethapi aooonnted for the luxuriant growth of his armi and legs. Observing his olothea steaming with the damp air, I began to realise that it hid suddenly besoms very oold. "Qiite a obange in .the weather," I re muked. " Very oold to-night, is it not ?" " Don't feel the oold myself. Perhaps yon wonld like to ehange plioes with me; there la no draft .her*.". | I replied that I should be glad to do so if it did not inoonveoionos him, and Msordingly we ohanged seata. It was ooM, and no miitaks. I mint have taken a chill, tor I felt the oold oreoping over meiaamostnnaooountabls manner. Look ing at my oompinion on tbe opposite eeat,wi whom the lamplight BOW shoos tall, I saw that his faoe was not so thin nor his features so withered as I at first supposed; and I must have made a miitaks aa to his age, for hs was by no means aa old aa I bad previously lodged. How cold it waa, to be "sure I As I looked at him, I noticed that bia aspeot ohanged momently-that he waa growing younger; that the wrinkles in his taoe were filling out Md smoothing down, and that he was gradually besoming like some one I bad seen before. Aa hie cheeks grew round and rnddy, and his hair ohanged from gray to brown baton my very eyes, I became narrow, and endeavoured to ory out, but oonld not. I waa paralyzed with tbe oold-oold thateeemed to make my limba rigid and benumb my vitata, tor I saw that tne man sitting before mn was no longer a stringer-no mere friend or acquaintance-he bad beoome me I 1 held op my hande to try to shut oat the sight, and, aa I did so, ao that they were withered, and thin, and old. I pressed them to my brow, to see if I were dreaming, and I found it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered. And than I knew that this man-this fi ind hid stolen my body, and given me hli. Maddened with the alsoovery, I rose to my feet-his feet-whioh tottered beneath me, and I struck wildly at tha vision of myself on the other seat. But I found my arms light as vapor, far they pasted over his body, which went through tbem, giving me the impression of pain. It wis a body of shide that bad been given me for my own body of flesh and blood, whioh this wretch has stolen. By some soroeiy or another, we .had indeed changed plaoes. " Soroeror-demon I" I orled out, only to hear myself speaking tith his sharp, oraoked voioe. When I saw myself sitting opposite to me, coolly addressing me in my own voice, I oonld no longer credit my senaes-if, indeed, I had any of tbem at all left of my own. "Dire say you think you aro speaking loud now," ne said. I answered by shouting for the oondnotor as loudly as I oould. "Ah, you might call a good deil louder than thlt. Why, if the carriage were full of passengers they oonld no mora bear you than they oould see you," he continued, chuckling, and screwing my futures up into a hideously knowing grin, such as I oonld never have mads tbem assume. " You see, my friend, yours is . body of air, of shadow, insensible, Impilptbk to all bm myself. j»i*t An it wah tu a'I but yon when 1 mttied the carriage. You wish, perhaps, to know who I am. Well, two yean ago to night I waa a pa'sengfr by thin train. There waa A collision with a stupid freight train, you bpp, and the result waa that several passengers were injured. One ol them waa-well, it's DO an mincing matters killed on the (pot. Q lite to. It waa I. Yff, I am what yon wuuld call a ghost, al though we dj not cwtidtr that just the correct term among ourselves-we ban better word lor it. N >w I have told you what 1 am. yoo will, doubtless, like to know what I want. Vary good; you shell see." The ghost io my bjdy then began to feel in my pooketa, from whioh ha drew out my meeraohanm, whioh ha filled (rom my pouoh and lit with one of mr matches. " Ah," be prooeedea, puffing like a steam engine," yon emoke very good staff- natural leaf an Old Judge; not a bad mixture, though I prefer a little Cavendish with it myedf. Mot at *11 a bad body of yonrs, either," be went on, eyeing the form in whioh be waa sitting; " not at all a bad body; end it fits me to aT, only * little ahort in the arms, By tbe way, I find one of your (rant teeth a little loose, so don't go end say I did that, when jyoo eome to yourself again; and your nose is a little long (or me, but I dare «ay It blows none the worse ter that." I shuddered as I saw bim take oat my pooket- bandkerdhlet and use it on that oherlebed organ of mine, .'tea, I dare aay now yon (eel theoold a little; 1 did at first, bat it's nothing when yoo are a ted to it. I find your body very warm -being heavier than I am accustomed to wear; but it won't be tor long. I require it ' positively for this night only,' ai you say in your play-bills j and will return it oninjored by the time we get to Ashbourne. By the bye, let me beg m yoa to be a little cental bow yon throw your arms about so muoh as yon did jnst now, lor my body is ol a more delioate oonatruetion than yoan; and being so thin in snbstanoe, I am atraid yen will chafe it under the arm-pits. Ton will observe, ladies and gentlemen1" he went on, in leotnrer\s style, "that II 1 take a lighted mttoh and insert it'in the corner q! the patient's eye, he will led no pain." Saying this, my dreadful eompanion prooeedoa to illustrate his remark by making adlve at my. tbadoicy eye with a burning match. X oertainly left no pain aa the mateh burned in my head. "You will allow, after all you see, that my shape has its advantages," the ghost pro ceeded ; " but it also baa its disadvantages. Irv the pipe now." I tried to take tbe pipe -ft dropped through my vapor* Angers. He placed it in mr mouth;! ooala not bold it, nor get a. whiff from U " Preeittly ao," said the ghost. "Now, this ia jiut what has brought me btiefo-nig^t. A great smoker ail my life, -doing .my 4welve pipee a '3ay regularly, I have basnilelunet these two years, and during all tbat time I haven't bad a emoke 1 Mot, * Meseed draw. I miss my 'bacea dreadful. There is a provision made lor smokers down with us, you will onder a'and; but we are governM by a Board of Directors- whose. general incapacity equals tbat of many ol yonrwty boards. ®heteis a etofk CfI bodies kept lot smokers, so that if you want to enjoy a pipe you mast go into one ol tbe bodies to get it. Dot if yoa will believe me, the supply is so notori ously insufficient to meet-(be demand 4hat there is no chance whatever lor a new ghoet to est a smoke. When I entered the society all the bodies were out in nse, and booked for! three years in advanoe. My name baa b-sn down on the bookB tor two years, and there is no ohanoe of my getting a body allotted to me tor a twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a emoke I Why, air, the inoompe tenee of our Board ia something awful. I" sen only explain the reason why we pat ap with snoh gross mismanagement In the other ] world « beoaase we tare bfeome so sfsed to it in this. Oar constitutions, however, are i being andermined to (hat extent that the Board baa at length been ooerced by popular feeling into paaaing a measure, empowering eboave tojrendcr them wives visible to a single individual at a time, in order tbif tbey on. cfleet a change of bodies for short periods, al ways with the oonsent of tbe person in ques tion, tor tbe pnijNMe of indulging in _a habit wbiehthe directors say tbey 'cannot, how over, but characterise ae pernieious and in-; jurious.' Qeorge III. and G :arg« Washing-' ton, both members ot tbe Board, opposed the meaank*; they, however, were left in a ridiou- j lonely email minority. Under this new act, 11 obtained yonr body." "Yoa never bad my oonsent, friend I" I oried. " It is vnlgar to call names, my Iriend," the gboat replied, smoothing my monataohc with my Sngore; "but you are trifling. I asked you to change places with me, and you ' agreed, aa yon must be well aware. But, dear me I ben we are at Ashbourne; but, however, I muBtiioisb my pipe-think ol two years, and B6t a blasstddre*, my Iriend I" 