THEBARTON TOWN HALL. The memorial-stone of the Thebarton Town Hall was laid by the Mayoress (Mrs. E. J. Ronald) on Saturday afternoon, May 9, in the presence of a large assembly. An attractive feature in the day's programme was a cricket match played on the ground adjoining the new building by local athletes, among whom were several members of the Thebarton and Hind marsh corporations. The costumes adopted by the players were decidedly of the "thunder and-lightning" type, and comprised all sorts of eccentricities, from the pantomimic clown to the sheeted ghost and the comic stage police man. The proceeds derived from the entrance fees to the match go to the town hall fund, and should amount to a fair contribution, as not less than 600 or 700 people were on the spot. The Thebarton brass band was in attendance. The new town hall occupies a favorable position in the heart of the township of Thebarton, facing Taylor's Bridge-road. The hall itself measures 40 x 80 feet, x 30 feet high, with a council chamber in the rear. It is amply lighted by windows, and due provision has been made as regards entrance and escape in case of fire. The roof is a handsome one of open timber, well ventilated, and special regard has been paid to acoustic properties. It is fitted up with a stage, proscenium, retiring rooms, and all the necessary details for carrying out dramatic and other entertainments. Tne material used in the construction of the sur base is Tapley's Hill stone, the superstructure being of Grunthal freestone, and the dressings of Shearing's Hindmarsh terracotta ware. It is intended in future to greatly enlarge the building by erecting a two-story addition in front, embracing all the necessary corporation offices, and judging from the interest already taken in the enterprise it will not be long be fore this desirable consummation is attained. It is due to the energy of Mayor Ronald and his coadjutors in the council that matters are so far advanced as they are at present. The cost of the building (not including furnituire) is between £1,100 and £1,200. The architects are Messrs. Withall & Wells, and the builders Messrs. Jas. King & Son, of Hindmarsh. The masonry work is being carried out in a very thorough manner by Mr. Medwell, and it is expected that the hall with its adjuucts will be finished in August next. It will seat about 1,000 persons. At half-past 3 in the afternoon the ceremony of laying the stone took place. Two very handsome silver trowels were presented to Mrs. Ronald, one by Mr. F. E. Bucknall, M.P., on behalf of the councilliors and rate- payers of the corporation, and the other by Dr. J. Rees (Mayor of Hindmarsh), who asked Mrs. Ronald to accept it as a token of the friendship existing between the mayors of the two neighboring municipalities. The MAYORESS then declared the stone well and truly laid, and three cheers were given for the Mayor and Mayoress of Thebarton and the Mayor of Hindmarsh. The Mayor of The barton (Mr. E. J. Ronald) thanked the donors on behalf of his wife, and referred to the difficulties which he and others who supported him had experienced in getting the town hall vote passed. The village of Thebarton would have attained the age of forty-seven years in another three days, and it was therefore time they were provided with this hall, in which he trusted to have the pleasure of receiving them in four months' time. (Cheers.) He moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Bucknall and Dr. Rees for their attendance on the occasion. The proposition was carried, and suitably acknowledged by the gentlemen in question, after which the proceedings closed. 