THEATRE ROYAL. bliakespeare s tragedy of ' Hamlet' was placed on'the boards of the Theatre Royal last night by Mr Daiupier and his well-appointed company. They brought with them scenery for tbe fittinc mounting of the piece, and what was more than that, they gave a representation of the characters iu the play beyond the level of what is generally seen in travelling combinations. It is needless to remark that aged playgoers have seen tbe tragedy performed in the old country and in the colony many times, and the title role played by actors of the first rank in the profes sion. They naturally compare Mr Dampier with them, and call their memory to account to know whether he rises above or falls below the average of tho greatest actors of their time. Or they look to tbe reading of the part, as to what view Sir Dampior took of the mind of the Prince of Denmark, as to whether Hamlet was mad or not. In regard to Mr Datnpier's performance there happened to be in the Theatre Royal last night several gentlemen who saw Henry Irving perform Hamlet in Englaud, and their judgment was in farohr of Mr Dampier. As to the qor- rectness of this there may be a division, in.the same way as there is among critics and actors as to Hamlet being mad, but assuredly Mr Dampier gave one of the most powerful, artistic, and effecliverepresentations ever witnessed in Castle maine. His reading of the part is that Hamlet is not mad, but that he feigns insanity for tbe purpose of disguising his plan of revenge on the king. This point he made clear in tbat scene with Ophelia where he discovered there was aii eavesdropper, that he watched, and chose that espionage for an ontlct of wildness towards Ophelia whom be loved, told her not to be a breeder of sinners but to go to a nunnery. In this great scene 3Ir Dampier was grand, depict ing surpassing accuteness of jndgmont ' in bis dialogue, interlaced with rapid flashes of mete oric madness. In the recriminatory scene '.with his mother, where he cruelly wrings her heart for her marriage with her husbaud'B murderer and brother, his violence and passion rose to the highest pitch, but yet itcould not be termed rant, but a true picture as conceived by Shakespeare! In the soliloquy of "to be, or not to be," ba w alked about the stage as if musing, commun ing' with himself, a eound rendering of the posi tion. His interview with Rozencrantz and Guilderstein, where he asked them ' to play a flute, which they say they 'can not, was a fine bit of acting, wherein 'he made the transition from the insinuating to "the explosion uf wrath, expressed in his words they could not play on the simple instrument, but sought to play on him to sound tbe utmost depths of his heart from top .to bottom. Mr Datnpier's " Hamlet" was well conceived, was worked out with great skill, and the verdict to be pronounced is that it was an entire success. All the characters in the play are dwarfed beside the principal. The Ghost was allottcd.to Mr Holloway, the King to Mr Stoneham, Polonius to Mr Marsh, and the first grave-digger to Mr Leston, who each did their parts effectively. Ophelia waB allotted to Miss Rus» soil, who" did not make a good impression at the beginning, but rose up to the requirements of her part, where she becomes mad, and sings so plaintively as to draw tears. The Queen was well cast, Sirs Holloway having taken the role.' The large audience, even to the dress circle, was delighted at seeing so excellent a performance ; the applause was frequent, the curtain rose' twice to their calls, and at the end Mr Dampier andMrHollowaycametotbe front. To-nigbt will conclude the stay of the company, wbeu Eng land and Russia, a drama written by "The Vagabond," arid highly praised, will be per formed, when it is to be hoped there will be a bumper house to patronise the exceptionally talented company. 