PREACHING AND PRACTISING. From the Christian World. IN a simple but graphic story entitled "The Deacon's 'Week," Miss Rose Terry Cooke enforces some practical lessons which members of Christian Churches would do well to lay to heart. The January communion service is just over in the Church, at Sugar Hollow, and the people are waiting for the pastor, Mr. Parkes, to give out a hymn. Thus the story opens. Mr. Parkes, however, does not rise. His congregation is one of keen, sceptical, hard-headed mechanics, and dull, unimpresjsible farmers, a congregation which he has often, but in *vain, sought to rouse to true spiritual life. But an idea has taken possession of him, and he is about to communicate it to the church. That is why he does not lise. At last he speaks, somewhat in this fashion:— M My dear friends/' he says, " you all know that this •week is the Week of Prayer. Let it be for once a Week of Practice instead. Monday is set apart as a «lay of prayer for temperance work; try all that day to "be temperate in speech and in act. The next day is for Sunday-schools; go and visit your scholars, such of you as are teachers, and try to feel that they have living souls to save. Wednesday is a day for fellowship meeting; let us then go and see those of our brethren who have been cold to us for some reason, and confess our shortcomings one to another. Thursday is the day to pray for the family relation ; let us try to be to our families on that day what the Lord is to His family, the Church, remembering the words, " Fathers, provoke not your children to anger;" " HuBbands, love your wives and be not bitter against them." On Friday the Church is to be prayed for. Let us then each for himself try to act that day just as we think Christ would have acted in our places. Saturday is prayer-day for the heathen and foreign missions. There are heathens at our doors here; let everyone of you take that day to preach the Gospel to some one who does not hear it anywhere else. And let us all on Saturday evening meet here again, and chose some one brother to relate his experience of the week. Tou who are willing to try this method, please to rise." Everybody rose except old Amos Tucker, who never stirred, though his wife pulled at him, and whispered to him imploringly. On Saturday night the church assembled again, and Deacon Emmons was chosen by ballot to relate his experience. Deacon Emmons was a short, thick-set man, with a shrewd, kindly face and grey hair, who kept the village store, and bad a well- earned reputation for honesty. "Well, brethren," he said, after he had taken off his great coat, " I dunno why I shouldn't tell it. I am pretty well ashamed of myself, no doubt; but I ought to be, and maybe I shall profit by what I've found out these six days back. I'll tell you just as it comes. Monday I looked about me to begin with. I'm amazing fond of coffee, and it ain't good for me; the doctor says it ain't. It makes me what folks call nervous, and I call cross before night comes. So I thought I'd try on that to begin with. I tell you it come hard. I hankered after that drink of coffee dreadful. I feel to pity a man that loves liquor more'n I ever did in my life before; but I feel sure they can stop if they try, for I've stopped, and I'm a-goin* to stay stopped." At dinner the deacon had a fight with himself over some pie, but he remembered that the bodies of Christians were temples of the Holy Ghost, and therefore they ought to be " kep' clean and pleasant." But pie was too much for him, and he eat a piece right against his conscience. " I tell ye my conscience made music of me consider'ble, and I said then I wouldn't never sneer at a drinkin' man no more when he tripped up. I'd feel for him and help him, for I see just how it was." ed Next day Deacon Emmons started to look up his Bible class. He found one who had been sick and in bed for three weeks, but who was so glad to see him that he felt " fair ashamed." "Then another man's old mother says to me, before he come in from the shed, says she, ' He's been a say in' that if folks practised what they preached, you'd ha' come round to look him up afore now, but he reckoned you kinder looked down on mill bands. I'm awful glad you come. Brethering; so was /." Next came fellowship day, and the deacon tried to feel pleasant towards everybody, but Amos Tucker's black bull broke into his orchard, and the old Adam " riz up." " You'd better b'lieve I didn't have much feller-feelin' with Amos Tucker. I jest put over to his house, and spoke up pretty free to him, when he looked up and says, says he, 'Fellowship meetin'day, a'n't it, deacon ?' I'd rather he'd ha' slapped my face." Here old Amos Tucker interrupted. " Brethren," he exclaimed, I'll tell the rest on't. Josiah Emmons come around me like a man an' a Christian right there. I was one that wouldn't say I'd practice with the rest of ye. I thought 'twas everlastin' nonsense. I'd rather go to forty-nine prayer meetings than work at being good a week. I b'lieve my hope has been one of them that perish : it ha'nt worked, and I leave it behind to-day. I mean to begin honest, and it was seein' one honest Christian fetched me round to it." Amos Tucker then sat down, burrying his grizzled head in his rough hand, and Deacon Emmons continuing his story, described how the next day, that of prayer for the family relation, he exercised so much patience, and showed so much kindly consideration for his wife and children until at night he overheard his boy and girl talking thus:—" I do b'lieve Em. pa's goin' to die." "Why, Josiar Emmons, how you talk!" " Well I do; he's so everlastin" pleasant and good natured, I can't but think thathe's struck with death." "I tell ye, brethren," went on the deacon, " I set right down on them sullar stairs and cried. I did reely. Seemed as though the Lord had turned, and looked at me jest as He did at Peter. Why, there was my own childreu never see me act real fatherly and pretty in all their lives. I'd growled and scolded, and pray'd at 'em, and tried to fetch 'em up ; 'jest as the twig is bent, the tree's inclined,' ye know, but I hadn't never thought that they'd got right and reason to expect I'd do my part as well as they their's. Seemed as though I was findin' out more about Josiah Emmons's shortcomin's than was real agreeable." On Friday he went back to the store and checked himself when about to deceive a customer. " But what fetched me was to think how many times I'd done sec-h mean, unreliable little things to turn a penny, and all the time sayin' and prayin' that I wanted to be like Christ." Saturday was the missionary morning, and Deacon Emmons put a Testament in his pocket and went out to see if he could do some good among his neighbours. From one house he was driven by a woman with a broomstick, for, although he has lived alongside of her for fifteen years he had never asked her to think of goodness before. At another house he found ten children in rags, and there the man " giv" it" to him, too. " I'd said consider'ble about the heathen in foreign parts, and give some little for to convert 'em, and I had looked right over the beads of them that was next door. Seemed as if I could hear Him say, 'These ought ye to have done, and not have left the other undone.' I couldn't face another soul, to-day, brethren. Icomehome,andhereIbe. I've been searched through and through and found wantin'! " This was the experience of many others. But the year that followed the week of practice was a memorable one. All the institutions of the churcii flourished, and peace reigned in the homes and hearts of the people. The morals of this little story is obvious. We must practice ichat we preach. 