TEE BACING CARNIVAL. Derby Day. We repeat the exertion without the slightest hesitation. We would repeat it were we dragged up for trial before a court- martial composed of daucing derviehee or PreBbyterhn Moderators of the most ad- vances aesenpuou. we are pruuu ui uur raoea, our racecourses, our arrangements generally, and more especially of that racing "Carnival" known as the "Cap Week," commencing oo Derby Day and ending on Steeplechase Day, after which the sport ing fraternity — barring professionals — slumber until New Tear's Day. It may lie very wrong, no doubt, to indulge iu all these wickednesses, and it might he better for the tiring generation if they were to devote their time to the etndv nf calculation as typified by Algebra and simple equations instead uf looking closely after the odds. But science is but dry work after sfi, end if there were < to he no oases in the desert of life in the ) shape of an occasional "palm-grove" of - beer and skittles, it would he but a dull i world indeed. No man is a whit the I better, the more honest, or the more truth ful because he plucks bis bat abept his brows, scowls on bis fellow. men generally, 1 «pd &eouBP;£0 ftpyttop i &o; ebape of fou ' mad jolIitT U u notour ftinff, to driven out of thecamp into the wilflerneaa. It iut colt ftbtio; kaaiuu. tfab gut, of uatettoj,iQafc tatitor gort » pritafato <o tier nf-rnmfltOTr— t -tat then la a end of it. «It to tat meal of "gammon" to jwiBWHff viAi tad I UtUfl jW of apiaaoh ma diverclty. Seooe we reiterate tnat we ore «wooA of our OubitiI weekj end of everything the! to connected with Ike There are, -no doubt, oettsfn " fillbpofl" tbtre should be glad to eee wiped oat in noiog oirdeVg aod0 from first to teat, the firosrmcMr hes outspokenly denoanoed whet are the reel evils ooooomitont upon reefing, or, indeed, open uy species of eport Sot of the Australian method of enjoying holiday, race week .no Australian, neea be ashamed. tTraev theereather, lib the faactnating game of loo, or the-soile of s women, is precarious. Anything worth having is aiweye precarious. Sometimes .yon eee it, and sometimes yon don't eee u. iFridfry, for example, was a day on which the fiends of dost end misery wonld tovel in the manner in whioh fiends are supposed to take that class of exercise, bat which ordinary mortals do not quite &j;>prooiate. Men walked the streets panting with 44 thiisiB upon them' not lightly to he partedrith. (Beaut j locked itself in darkened ohambers, weitng, with iced drinks, until the: toitor of the household returned from his. labours, andif there were neither beauty nor< ioed drinks available, one may be certain that the domestic temperature wee warm in pro portion, TOiatatuuy there was great aoxiety ebont-Satorday, -and the announcement from the observatory that a thunderstorm was somewhere in the neighbourhood led the Ye&ther-wise; to hqpe that during the night a welcome ohange would take place, and all be bright in the morning. These antici pations, however, were not realised. Bain fell daring the night, and continued during the morning, .and at noon was filling steadily. Nevertheless, the expeotant crowd were none the less eager for the lists, and their general bent was still towards the ooarse. there have, of course, been doubts and anxietioe attendant upon the preliminary proceedings enough to supply a whole battery, tot alone one Nordenfeldt ; bat the general arrangements have been as success ful as ever. Town 4s foil of visitors, and, elastic as is tbe-tent of hotel accommoda tion, it baa been strained to the utmost of its capacity. The story of beds made up on bilnard fables is about played out, but there are rumours auo&c; tnig year with regard to hake-downs in stables, oabs, &o.;, hitherto unprecedented. Asser tions have even been made to the effect that Mr. Speight has suooeeded in turning a few more honest pennies by lettiog ont first-class oarriagee for steeping purposes— striotly, of oourse, under official surveillance — and there was an Idea of utilising the long hall in the Customs, hut whether carried ont or not we are not certain. Anyhow, the idea was a good one, worthy of bolf»adozen Coali tion Ministries, pious or otherwise. That the arrangements at the Course were good goes without speaking. It would be as superfluous now to praise Mr. Byron Moore, the "indefatigable secretary," as k wonld be to paint the lily or gild refined gold. He is used to praise— be deserves it well ; and therefore there is no reason for his blushing.. Next to the rider of the winning horse he is probably the most popular man on the course on ft r&ciog; day. What special ar rangements for comfort were made this year we have not space to particularise ; besides, even a newspaper-man is but mortal, and what with a pair of binoculars, tbo bur den of many tips, and a faint chance of a few whispered words in the tiny ear of somebody, the "burden laid upon a fellow is almost greater tban he can bear, even nnder the most advantageous and ex erting circumstances. Ho our readers expect to read & full, true, and particular account of the " road, -rail, and river," as was the wont in tbedaye wh«n FIrdcub, or eome other respectable but antique Roman, was Consul? If it be so, tbey will be disappointed. Tho man who goes by the road can tramp, ride, or drive, as it suits him best. The man who goes by the train under such very moist cir cumstances as those of Saturday is a wise and prudent creature, and, as for tbe river, the man who selects that route now is like the bunjip— a mythical creation. That Sir Henry Loch drove out everyone knows, and that Sir Napier Broome, tho Governor of Western Australia, was cot quite well enough to accompany him is also well known. We can only hope that he will turn up on Cup Day, and that his vieit will, in tbe long roii, be an enjoyable one. He and all our victors must bave reoeived on Saturday only another proof of tbo fact that we Victorians are essentially a holiday-loving peoplo, taking our enjoyment reasonably and sensibly, and, thanks to Providence, with tbe ability to pay for it. It is our beet ana mcrrieet phase, ai d that in which we beet like our visiters, be they literary, nobto, sporting, or profes sional, to see us. Our political and party warfare i& forgotten. Men "foregather" free from troubles of that very exciting nature, and for a few days, at any rate, there i? more joy over one double that is pulled through, than over niLc-ty-uine rejected can didates for the Assembly, even though umbrellas and waterproofs may be more in request than dust-coats and "spring novelties." Sport opened with the Melbourne Slakes, for which eight good ones etarted, including tbe veteran BoBworth. Ringmaster, the Caul- field Guineas winner, was soon made the favourite at 2 to 1, and Trenton, the New Zeahnder, had a number of admirers who took 5 to 2. From 6 to I could be had about (he others. Soon after tbe flag fell Ring master took up the running, with Trenton as his attendant, and they tod to the baric, where Bosworth, who gob awey badly, passed them. Cyclops was the first into toe straight, where th«»j all closed. RiogmaBter again assumed the lead, but Robertson wbs onto bidinir his time on Trenton, who. when called upon, came away and won eaeiJj by half & length from Sheet Anchor. The latter came very fast at tbe finish, but he ; was not good enough for the winner. Ringmaster was third, a couple of lengths off, and Prometheus, who was disappointed at tho homo turn, was fourth. The Hotham Handicap followed, and attracted a field of a dozen. Comet and Anglesey had tbe call in the bolting. Soon after the start Agitation took up the ruuning, and led round to the abat toirs, where Signor passed her. Lesbia joined him, and the pair led into the straight. A fine race home ensued, tbe mare winning sll out by a length and a half. Those who backed her got liberal odds. There was only a small field for the Weight for Age Hurdle Race, and The Agent, as might be expected, was the favourite, odds being laid on him. Gasalier rsu well, but she could not extend the eon of Slanderer, who won easily by a length and a half. The winner carried (he top weight, but it did not appear to trouble him at all. He rapped a hurdle at the back, but the way he raced over the next was worth seeing. The public, as usual when a good horse rune well, loudly applauded the victory. All the sixteen on the card started for the great two-year-old event which followed. Acme was the favorite to the last, but a good deal of money went on The Nun, Blairgowrie and Louise Bertha. The race was won be fore half the distance had been traversed, Hales being quite at hiB ease in front. Maddclina came well, but she could not ask the Foal Stakes winner to race, and Mr White's filly won with great cose by three lengths. Blairgowrie was a length behind Maddelina. The public, who were good wionerj by the victory, cheered when. Hales weighed in. The next event was tbe Selling Race, for which Virago, Scara mouche and Solo were most in demand. Scaramouche tod away, but he was soon passed by Albanus. He was never headed, winning easily by three quarters of a length. Then inner was bought in for £105. A rush was now made in get a look at the Derby candidates. Nordenfeldt, who was a firca favorite at 6 to 4, looked well, but, as customary, he was sluggish, iu Lis preliminary go. Contrary to expec tation, Ellis rode him. Uralla looked rather fine, whilst of tb« two New Zea landers, Winchester appeared to be in best form. Isonomy pleased bis friends. The supporters of First Chester were no ' way despbntaV taa 'tfce 'atate of the oourse suited him. Beans, who had the as- ristanoe of Saadarr, had a good many ad- nireis. dEtoeuu soon led, and earned <m the Tonnlngto ttatata, whereXsonomy, passed him. The. favourite was lying third, .whilst (filifefeflhestcffwae essay in the xear. tlsoaomy kept on increasing his lead, end'aa he was going .very well his bookers were jubilant. iHe wee the< first into the straight, and was eoonjjoined by Winchester. At the distance Isonomy still led, hut he was qulokly teskled and passed bysSuat Chester andMorde&feldt.; The two ihad an exciting finish, but it was marred by (First Chester, who tared over agaiastwordenfeldt and interfered with hiss, whs in no way disconcerted kept at the favorite, who replied with the greatest gamenese, end the eon of Musket won by a head. -Some indignation was expressed at the boring incident, as several of the spec tators thought it was done purposely to run the favorite off. Booh, however, waa not! the oase, as the ooounence in the opinion of j good judges was . quite aoridentaL The: viotory may be attributed to the determined t riding of JEOis and tbe wonderfol gameneBS of the favorite. The paoe was slow at first, in fact many thought too muoh so for Nordenfeldt "who oceopied a nice position from the start, first Chester ran a good colt, and was ridden by Kelso with consider tale judgment. Remus flattered his sup .porters for nearly a mite whilst Isonomy ran .very well for a. mile and a quarter. Donlop was never dangerous, the going bring against him, and of the HaorUanders Winoheater raa.tbe better of the two. Uralla was never in it. The publio were good winners, and, as a matter of oourse, the viotory of such a game one as Nordenfeldt was -loudly applauded. A few thoughtless peqple treated Kelso to a little boo booing. The last event of the. day was won easily by Bohemian. The general arrangements on tbe course were excellent, but we have seen better judging, and the way the numbers were put :iip, especially in the Selling Raoe and the Derby was, to say 4he least, annoy ing. The re-appearance .of the veteran starter, MrG. Watson, was the signal for cheers, and it is needlees to nay that no fanit could be found with his starting. Consider ing the state of the weather., there was a very good attendance. The Flat, notwith standing its sloppy condition, was well patronised. In accord an oe with .our sugges tion, most of the jookeys wore orape in rememorance oi poor jjoDaia nicnouon. The following are the particulars of the racing : — MELBOURNE 8TAKB8. Aaweepttakes of fi sots, each, 2 it!., with 300 added. Second horse to receive 50 sore, oat of the stoke. For thr6e-year»oIds and up wards. Wright for age. One mile and a quarter. Mr D. O'Brien's b h Trenton, by Musket- Frailty, 4 yr8, fist (Robertson) ... ... 1 Mr M. Lougnlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9st 41b (O'Brien) „. ... ... 2 Mr J. Wilson's (jun.) b or br Ringmaster, 3 yes, 7st lllb (Moore) ... ... 3 MrM. Bryant's br h Bosworth, aged, 9st 41b (Ryan) ... ... 0 Mr J. Whittingham'6 br h Prometheus, 6 yrs, 9st 41b (Trahan) ... ... ... 0 Hon W. A Long's b or br h Honeydew, 4 yrs, 9st (Colley) ... ... ... 0 Mr W. Fields' b or br h Mozart, 4 yrs, 9st (Rammage) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr F. Henty s b c Cyclops, 3 yrs, 7st lllb (Banders) ... ... ... ... 0 Betting— 2 to I aget Ringmaster, 5 to 2 Trenton, 5 to 1 Sheet Anchor, 6 to 7 to I Honeydew, Prometheus, and Mozart, and 10 to 1 others. They were all got away to a good Btart, with the exception of BoBworth, who was left at the po9t. The running was at once taken np by Ringmaster, who was closely followed by Trenton; then name Sheet Anchor, Prometheus, Mozart, Honeydew, Cyclops and Bosworth being last. Tbe order was tbe same at the bridge, except that Bosworth had oome with a great rueb, and was rapidly approaching the leadere. EiDg- inaeter and Trenton were slill at tbe head of affaire, Mozart and Bosworth bring next. 1 At the back Bosworth shot past the field, and approaching the abattoirs he had a 1 three lengths' lead of Ringmaster and Treu- < ton. Cyclops bad run up second at tbe abattoirs, Bosworth being still in front, i Trenton was third ; then came Ringmaster, Mozart, Honeydew, Sheet Anchor, and Pro- theus. Passing tbe sheds Cyclops was going welt, and he led round the turn. He led into the straight, but he was tiring, and was soon done with. Ringmaster quiokly passed him, the rest bring in & bunch, Treuton oscupying a good position on the outside. Prometheus also showed well, but faeoould not get through. Cries now went up that " Ringmaster wins," but tbeso were soon silenced by the admirers of Trenton. Sheet Anchor came with a good rueb, but he could not reach the New Zealander, who won easily by half a length. Ringmaster was third, 'tt length and a half away. Then came Prometbeus, Cyclop?, Mozart, Honey dew, and Bosworth in that ordtr. Time, 2min. lfisecs. HOTHAM HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 6 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 800 added. Second borae 70 sots, and tbo third 30 sovs. out of the stake. For tbree-ycar- ( olds and upwards. One mile and a half and f a distance. Mr S, Dans' br m Lesbia, C yrs, by Tim Whiffler— Peerless, Gst 51b (M'Dowell) ... 1 Mr J. Wliittingham's b h Hentmore, 5 yrs, Gst 101b (Guy) 2 Mr G. S. Harris' br or bl h Signor, 5 yrs, Gst 12fclb (Brown) 8 Mr J. "Wilson's (jun.) b or br h Off Colour, 5 yrs, 9st (Moore) ... ... ... 0 Mr I). S. Wallace's b h Chuckster, aged, 8st 21b (O'Brien) 0 Mr S. G. Cook's b h Anglesey, G yrs, 7st 51b (Dalton) 0 Hon "W. A. Long's b g Comet, aged, 7st 31b (Flannagan) ... ... 0 Mr T. Jones' br h Doncaeter, aged, 7st 31b (Etberidge) ... ... ... ... 0 Hon W. Pearson's b g Eingship, 4 yrs, 7st 31b (Toole) 0 n<in+nin TTfti mac' M m T»nfj>pn 4 rr. fisf. 101b (M'Auliffe) 0 Mr C. H. T. Hart's b m Agitation, aged, Gst 41b (Tomliu) 0 Mr M. Felly's b g Genoe, 5 yrs, Get (Cox) ... 0 Betting— 4 to, I agst Comet, 6 to 1 Signor and Agitation, 7 to I Anglesey and Cbuckster, 10 to 1 others. The start appeared to be a very fair one. Genoe and Lcebia were the first away, but they soon retired in favor of Doncaeter, who took up tbe running, followed by Signor and Agitaticn. Passing the stand the order was— Agitation, Doncaeter, Comet, and Signor, the rest bring well together. Tbe last three were Off jColour, Mentmore, and Kingship. Agita tion led round the turn and along tbe river side, followed by Doncaeter, Comet, Signor, Lesbia, Genoe, and Anglesey, in that order. Kingship then moved up. As they raoed past the bridge Agitation stiti led, tho order being unchanged, except that Kiugship had run np fiftl. Off Colour and Lantern were last. At the back Agitation had a two lengths' lead of Doncaeter, who was followed by Comet, Signor, Kiugebip, and Leebia. Agitation increased her lead to three lengths at the Abb&toirs; ; Lesbia on the outride and Doncaeter were next together, followed by Signor. Tbe latter was coming very fast, and he and Lesbia were together in front passing the sheds. Agitation being next. Signor, closely attended by Lesbia, led into the straigbt, then came Doncaeter, Anglesey, and Cbuckster. Mentmore then joined Signor and Lesbia, and a grand finish home took place between the three. Lesbia lasted the longest and wod, all out, by about half a length. 8ignor was close np, third, then came Genoe, Comet, Lantern, Agitation. Chuckstor, Kingship, and Anglesey. Off Colour laet. Time, 2min. 67seo. WEIGHT- FOR-AGH HURDLE RACE. A sweepstakes of 5 sots, each, 1 ft., with 300 added. Weights— Three-year-olda, 9st 101b ; four-year-olds, lOst 121b ; five-year- olde, list 101b; six-year-olds and aged, ltot 21b. About two miles. Mr C. H. T. Hart's cb h The Agent, aged, by Slauderer, 12st 21b (Ferguson) . , 1 Hon W. Pearson's b m Gaaalior, 6 yrs, list lllb (Gardiner) .. .. ..2 Mr J. Cripps' bl n Duration, 5 yrs. list 101b (M'Leod) 8 Mr A. F. Bradshaw'sb g Molrow, aged, list 131b (Butler) 0 Mr J. Cohen's ch m Royal Maid, aged, list lllb (Kilduff) 0 Betting — 6 to 4 on The Agent, 2 to 1 agst Duration, 4 to 1 Royal Maid, 10 to 1 Gasalier. . After a delay Uf five minutes, Mr.Wateon sent them away to a good start. Royal Maid led off, followed by -Deration, Gasalier, Mobow, and The Agent. The order over tire fiat hurdle true— Chsslier, (Duration, Molrow, Royal Maid, and The Agent Gas- ! tier led up the straight, followed byODora- 1 Hon, Royal llald, Molrow, and The Agent. The Utter was a long way in the rear. The macs was still in. front pifrfrg the stand, j tikes oamo Royal Mrid, Duration, The Agent, , and Molrow. The rider -of Mr Bradabaw'a ; horse was also hard ht it and ont of the raoe. i Gasalier had a two lengths toad ronodiog thelurn, followed by Royal Maid, Duration, , and The Agent. Royal Maid then improved i her position and was iu front pasting the bridge; Gasalier was sepond, Duration third, and The Agent fourth. Duration appeased j to blunder badly at the next fenee. Royal Maid had a half length lead along the beok, j followed by Duration, Gasalier, and The i Agent. Molrow was 200 -yards behind, i Approaching the abattoirs the favourite ; rapped a hurdle slightly, bat made amends at the next. At the abbstoire Royal Maid j was two lengths in front of Duration and : Gasalier, The Agent bring next. Tbe Agent waa then brought up and led into the straight, followed by Gustier and Duration. There was a semblance of a raoe home be tween The Agent and Gustier, hot the former won easily by a length and a half. A length separated second and third. Royal Maid was fourth, and Molrow last. Time, Smin. 552608. The Ksribyraong Plate. A sweepstakes of 30 sots, eaob-t h. ft., or I sora. only if declared, with 500 added. For two-year-olds— oolts, 8at 101b ; fillies, 8#t 51b. , The sooond horse to reoeive 200 sou. and the third 100 sora. ont of the stake. (I2G sobs.) Five fnrlooga. Hon J. White's br f ACME, by Chester — Princess bland (imp.) tot 51b (blue, white sleeves, blue and white oap) (Hales) ... 1 Mr L. Watson's ch f MADDELINA 8et 51b (ail white) (Weasel) . . . . 2 Mr D. Cooper's ch c BLAIRGOWRIE, 8st 101b (orange and white hoope, white oap) (Roberto) .. .. .. ..3 Captain Haimes' br c Dufferin, 8st 101b (Ivomy) « - « 0 Hon W. Pearson's br o Dividend, 8st 101b (Power) .. . 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c Damocles, 8st 101b (Rawlinge) .. .. « .. 0 Mr B. Gray's br c Retort, 8st 101b (Braitkweite) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr D. Cooper's ch c Chesham, 8st 101b (Kelso) .. 0 my w. Forrester's b a Halcyon, 8st 101b (Gotxgh) < 0 my j. fl. Hill's b e Telephone, Set 101b (Quinn) « 0 Messrs W. and A Crozier's br o Trojan, 8st 101b (D. O'Brien) 0 Mr D. S. Wallace's b f Essie, 8st 61b (Colley) .. »» 0 Mr P. Mann's ch f Devotion, 8st 61b (Sanders) .. » .. 0 Mr W. D. Robertson's b f The Nan, 8st Alb (Moore) ' 0 Hon L. L. Smith's b or br f Louise Berta, Set 61b (M. O'Brien) 0 Hon J. White's b f Tamarisk, Sat Alb (Ellis) .. - -- - 0 Betting — 2 to 1 agst Acme, 4 to 1 The Nun and Blairgowrie, 6 to 1 Louise Berta, .10 to 1 others. There was not much of a delay at the start. The Nun, Tamarisk, Acme, Chesham, were on the inside, and Dufferia, Essie, and Maddelina on the outside. Maddelina waa (he first to go to the front on the fall of tbe flag, whilst Halyoon was the laet away, Chesham was second, followed by Acme, Essie, and Blairgowrie. Maddelina was the first over the tan, followed by Blairgowrie, Acme, with Damocles next on tbe outeide. Acme then cleared out from tbe rest, and near the turn to the course she had a good lead. Telephone and Blairgowrie were next, to gether, theo came Halcyon, Maddelina, Chesham, Retort, Tbe Nun, And Louise Berta. The race was now practically over, and Mr. White's filly was loudly proclaimed the winner. As a matter of fact, Acme won in the commonest of canters by Four lengths from Maddelina, a length separating the second from tbe third. Louise Berta was fourth, Chesham fifth, Dividend sixth, Tbe Nun seventh, Telephone eighth, and Damocles ninth. Dufferin waa laet. Time, lmih. 4|sec; Tbe following is the pedigree of the win- per : — Cap-a-pie The Colonel (imp.) Sister to Cactus e Sir Hercules — £ Paraguay Sir Hercules J (imp.) Paradigm « Priam > Tros (imp.) Ally Cassandra — - Alice Gray Emigrant(imp.) Golnare (imp.) S ? Birdc&tcher; 3 £ The Boron Echidna 5tockwell — .. £ Pocahontas Glencoe g ttarpeesa Economist £ Hatk&w;&y; N'ahockliehn 2 Austrcy - Zila Emilius Apollo nia j Camel < Touchstone Banter . Hcwminster — S Beeswing Dr. Syntax s Tomboy's dam -r f Orivtile v Rmelioa Emily » Palma 1 "Z Franoes'a Partisan | Uiss Letty'B d. ® . Bird catcher & S The Baron Echidna « "5 Stock well g k Pocahontas Qlcncoe 04 "r tfarpessa - | Hnmphr'yClink g Melbourne Morpeth's dam £ The Bloomer Velocipede Lady 6arnh Lady Moore Carew 1 2 is / " j I 7 is g&SeS; J 35 o e i ® fl i -sasasaas r sssss rTv-rrT-TT- TTTT-. 2 O ijg . 4 g r? «f jri"? » fc a s-Mlssjislh.&j.;≪ - S SgoosSo'saa'Sfls'Sl 5 5 Js£sl££5&££;s£sl€ g! a = ; ; : fig I I" " " if a = SrS £ e« t. £ g 31 „ g v I -Is"8! "S.&i-aggf; ig ' 111! 111! n <aroS>sai>a£frijlmig;.SiB'< 2!l W 5=-; c — g g I i : = f g fg gifS SBsSlSss S aaaaaasaH — awaw £ i Hill BELLING EACE. A sweepstakes of three sova. each, 1 ft., mth 150 added. For three-year-olds and upwards. "Weight for age. The winner to be sold for £160; 71b allowed for every £50 reduction in selling price. Beren furlongs. Mr J. Wane's eh c Albanus (nil), 3 yrs, 6st 6lb by Proto-Martyr— Lady Avenal (M'Dowell) .. « 1 Mr T. Coffey's br g Scaramouche (nil), aged, 7st 71b (Sanders) 2 MrT. Jones' ch o 8816 (nil), 3 yrs, Gst Gib (Flannagan) . «. ..3 Sir W. J. Clarice's g g Phantom (nil), aged, 7st 7ib (Robertson) .. .. 0 Mr W. Bailey's ch m Virago (nil), 6 yrs 7st filb (Ellis) .. - 0 Mr J. A. Lang's br m Agatha (nil), o yrs, 7st 51b (Mosgrove) . 0 Mr 8. Mahon'a b g Stonebroke (ail), 4 yrs, 7st 41b (Weasel) 0 Mr W. Bland's b c Egbert (nil), 3 yrs, 6st 61b (Cox) .. «£&& » 0 Mr T. Lamond's oh c Phaon (ml), 3 yi>6st 6lb (MeAnliffe) . ... r .. O Hon. W. Pearson's b g Sparkle (nil), 3 yra, fist 31b (Gorry) .. .. .. 0 Betting--3 to I agst Scaramouche, 7 to 2 Solo, 4 tq 1 Virago, from 6 to 1 others. The flag fell to a good start. Egbert waa the first to show upfront, but before tbey bad gone far Albanus took up the running, Solo was close up. At the sheds Albanus still led, the rest bong together in a bunch. Sparkle and Virago showed prominently for a moment oreo, but they were soon done with. Albanus led into the etraight and came home a pretty easy winner by three quarters of a length from Scaramouche. Solo was third a length off $ then came Virago, Egbert, Phaon, Agatha, Phantom, Sparkle, ud Stonebroke last. Time — Imin. Slfeeos. The Victoria Derby. A sweepstakes of 26 sots, each, £ 6 10i. ft., with 660 added ; 500 sora. nad all the eweepstakee for the first horse, 100 for the seeond, and 50 for the third. For throe-yaar-olds— colto, 8ak 101b; fillies, 8st 61b. One mile and a half. Hon. J!. White's br c NORDENFELDT, by Mnsket— Onyfist 101b (blue, white sleeves, blue cap) (Ellis) ... ... 1 Mr W. Kelso's br c FIRST CHESTER, 8it 101b (eerise, black sleeves and cap) . (Kelso) 2 Hon W. Robinson's br c WINCHESTER late Manchester) 8st 101b (white, blaok and gold sash, red cap) (Power) ... 3 Mr. 6. G. Cook's ch c Remus, 8at 101b (Sanders) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr A R. Robertson's b c Dunlop, 8st 101b (Robertson) ... ... >M ... 0 Mi H. Locke's b c Isonomy, 8ftt 101b (Quinn) ... ... .... ... 0 Hon. W. Robinson's br c Thunderbolt, Sst 101b (Derritt) 0 Eon. J. White's b or br f Uralla, Sst Alb (Hales) 0 Betting— fl to 4 agst Nordenfeldt, 4 to 1 Duolop, 5 to i Thuuderboldt, 6 to i Isonomy, 7 to 1 Uralla, 10 to 1 First Chester, Remus, and Winchester. They were not kept long at the post, though Thunderbolt was pretty gay, and anxious to get away. The positions were— -Uralla next the rails, then Winchester, Isonomy, First Chester, Dunlop, Remus, and Thunderbolt. The flag fell to a capital start. Nordenfeldt and Remus were the first to show in front. Passing the etandtke order was reversed— Remus was io front ; then came Norden feldt, Isonomy, Dunlop, and Thunderbolt, with WiocheeterandUralla bringing up in the rear. Remus tod round tbe turn two lengths in front of Isonomy. Nordenfeldt was third three lengths off, then came Thunderbolt, Dunlop, First Chester, end Uralla last. Approachiog the bridge the field closed on Remus. Isonomy had run up second, and he made the pace rather merry ; then came Nordenfeldt, Thunderbolt, Dunlop, and Uralla, with First Chester last. Some of the spectators thought he was done with, but tbe finish showed this not to be the case. Isonomy quickly went to the front and led along the back stretch, followed by Remus, Nordenfeldt, Thunderbolt (who was im proving his position), Uralla, Duolop, and First Chester. At the abbaloira tbs question appeared to be whether Isonomy would be caught.- He was going strongly, and had a good four lengths' lead of Remus, who was fol lowed by Nordenfeldt and Thunderbolt. At the eheds Isonomy still led by three lengthe, the other positions being unchanged. Approaching the entcanoe to the straight Winohester osme through and was nearly level with the South Australian oolt. The pair were two lengths ahead of Remus, Dunlop and First Chester being next, Isonomy led into the straight, but the field were gradually doting on him, except Remus, who began to drop back. Isonomy led at the distance, but not for muoh longer, as First Chester and Nordenfeldt wont at him. Tbe struggle from this out was between the favourite and First Chester. A short distance from home First Chester bored right over on Nordenfeldt, and considerably interfered with him. Ellis, however, kept him together, and by dint of vigorous riding, under which Nordenfeldt raced with characteristic game nese, the son of Musket was declared the winner gby a head from First Checter. Winchester was third a length off, then oamo Isonomy, Thunderbolt, Dunlop, Uralls, and Remus, in that; order. Time, 2noin. 48fac-c. The following is the pedigree of tho winner: — "hand 3 Longbow | Mina Bowe P Pantaloon gfj'1 Legerdcma'n - I |-w 1 West Ann- " | trlHU1 Moffcrina s Whalebone f « Co"®1 Selim mare R " Brown Bess — a Brutondorf £ Daughter ct Urg 5 — — 2 !£.«,, Bustard B Fisherman Orrille mar. O (imp.) .T . - Sheet Anchor | Bay Middleton m. ! Stookrr.ll Marchioness wUi (imp.) Touchstone Cmizelll Brocade 3 _ m.« D..M, Birdcatcher 2 EcWdnft g stockwell — I PooaWasgg | Tonchrton. x Juliet (imp.) — — Witch Kite . WINNERS OF THE DERBY. . . I860.— Mr. g. Watson's Flying Colours, by Dolo, 4 stortera (Treaeey), 3mln. 2a ec. 1881\. — 24r. Do Tiling's Camden, by Wathawk, 7 starters (Morrison), 2min. 53nec. 1682\. — Mr. Harper's Borwon, by Bolardo, 6 stsrters (Wtldock),2i»ln. 59seo. . , 1883\. — Mr. Lang's Oriflamme, by Boiardo, 7 starters (Xsg), Zmin. 3seo. i S?5-SJS«3'=3SS's3's? 5 ss « |||c|i&E;|fccO<Ka<o£3P.®|o.s T7 Tsi b B i ? . 2 £2 0 cH,S acuc £ : E fg= Jp-gSo-s gSBa£StS£„,oP.o'Ega.oj.K, I N-s-s-f tlaieli el si 55:1,25 s j !SSSM|So-BSaiSo.5k'>'a<BP'H"'><!e -Pgo'SooS'e I e -EC 1 alS-uEa o-s3 S \- E.=SSe?|oj! -oefc-p? g list 1 2 , &|,Ifii= f Ig-tfifll e-gl |o. t .'l . Run on Kew Year's Day. COBURG STAKES. A handicap sweepstakes of 5 eovs. each, I fk, with 200 added ; second horse to receive AO 60vs. ont of the stake. For three- year-olds and upwards. One mile and a fariong. Mr T. Jones' br h Bohemian, by Maribyr nong — Nina, 4 yrs, 7st Gib (Flannagan) . . 1 Messrs. W. and A. Crozier's br g Lantern, 6 yrs, 8st lUb (D. O'Brien) .. ..2 Hon W. Pearson's b f Parody, 3 yrs, Gst (Gorry) ... .. 3 Mr J. D.Rohatsonbg8taSmd,6yra.8at \- 01b (Moore) „ „ mm 4 Mr J". 0. Raid's ch g The Ghost, aged, Sst 101b (Williams) - « 0 Mr J. Wank cb h Irradee 6 yra, 8st 8ffi (Jenkins) » „ 0 Mr A. Bobertoon's ch b Diifc HattaraioL A yn, Sst Sib (Food) 0 Mr J. Crozier's (jun.) bor brh The Israelite. aged.Sst 81b (O'Ooimor) .. .. 0 Mr R. Rouse's (jun) ch a Wing. A yn, 8st Aib(Nexrikar) 0 Mr W. B. HoUa ch h Lord Exeter, 4 ynL 8st 21b (Wflliamaon) .. 0 Mr W. JL Fflgate's br h Iiavington,4yrs, 7st 91b (Weasel) .. .. . ? 0 Mr J. Whittiogham's ch h Uerrimu, 4 yra, s 7«t 91b (Trahan) 0 MrS.G.CookfaDor br m Marie Louise, 4 yrs, 7st 71b (Bobertsoo) , .. 0 Hen j. White a eh m Tempe, 4 yis, 7st 71b CBlliti «. .. .. .. 9 MtR.G. Talbot's b h Waverly, A yrs, 7st Alb (Blair) .. 0 Mr N. Wilson's b e RenlL 3 yra, 7st 31b (Fallon) .. .. .. 0 Mr T. Coffey's b t Hoaeyoomh, 3'yrs, 6st lllb (Cox) .. .. 0 Mr M. Bryant's br h Beal Jam. 4 yn, Sat (Tomlin) .. .. „ ..0 Mr 8. . Gardiner's br t Buttress, 8 yn, 6at (Johnson) « ., .. „ 0 Betting — 2 to I agst Tempo, 6 to I Merrimo, 6 to 1 each Lord Exeter, Marie Louise, and Bohemian, 10 to 1 agst others, Stafford got the beat of tbe start by several lengths, but Wing soon deprived him of it and took np the running. At tbe back Lavington and Lantern came up. Buttress waslast. Dirk Hatteraick then came out with a rush, and at the abattoirs he led Wing, who waa followed by lavington, Stafford and Lantern, with Marie Louise coming toet. Tempe and Bohemian occupied good positions on the outside. Lantern was tbe first into the straight, but he ebon gave Way to Bohemian, who won by a length. Parody was tfauri, then oame Merrimo, Tempe, Tbe Israelite, Marie Louise, Stafford. and Lord Exeter. Buttress was last. Time— lmin. 69fsecs. 