THE CURSE OF RELIGIOUS CONTROVERSY. BY " PETJTETRE." [Supposed to be read only by CatholioB— Controversy generally odious to Catholio feeling—Controversy never to be avoided except by a universal apostRcy from the Catholio faith, wbiob would be jumping oat of the fryingpan into the fire with a vengeance—Another duty besides building churches—The Infallibility battle, and what is behind it—Attention to grammar helpful to our salvation, beoanse the dootrines of the Gospel cannot be rightly believed through the medium of wrong words—The Apostles' Creed a compendious bat complete Manual of all Catholio doctrine, Catholio worship, and Church discipline—No addition ever made by general oounoils to the Apostles 1 Creed.] ALL thoughtful, sober-minded Catholios, so far as I am aware, dislike religions controversy, and regret that there should be any oooasion tSt it. The world and religion would be all the better if there were no religious controversy. The absence of religious controversy would, as Catholics think, imply the presence of a more unanimous belief among all who profess and call themselves Christians in those truths which God bas revealed as neoessary for our salvation. The absence of religious controversy would mean greater nnity among all the baptized in one and the same form of divine worship, and this would greatly promote peace and goodwill. Catholio piety sighs when the sword of religious controversy is drawn. However inevitable it may be, controversy pains the Catholio heart, and too often toffies the smooth current of Catholic devotion. Controversy disturbs the minds of the nneduoated, alarms the timid, annoys the tepid, vexes and irritates the mercenary and tha cowardly Catholic, because it makes him fear for the effeot it may have on his worldly intererts. Controversy about religion may exoite, inflame, exacerbate, divide friendships, and multiply animosities, but seldom, if ever, alters the religious opinions of the controv' itists. At the end of the controversy the antagonist parties stand just where tbi-y were before the battle began. If Arohdeacon Slattery were to quote 1500 texts of Scripture, verbally proving the papal infallibility, the Right Reverend Dr. Moorbouse would next day produce 1500 other texts to disprove the testimony of Arohdeacon Slattery's texts, and offer to turn Catholic if further texts could be fou&d.; All the world and all the demons in Tartarus know that this offering to " turn Catholic" is only a jaokanapes' jibe, a sort of episcopal "lunar.taking," which causes some boorish mirth; and, if texts were rained down on Dr. Mooihonse's bead by thousands, they would have no more effeot on his lordship's fallible judgment than a summer shower would have in washing the ooloar out of a duck's feathers. The Jews of old had the Scriptures. Christ said that the Jews' Scriptures testified so lucidly of Him that nothiDg more was wanting to prove that He was the Christ, and yet the Jews couldn't see it. And why couldn't they. Beoaase they wouldn't, and none are 80 blind as Protestant bishops who won't see. The Jews of old saw Lazarus come up out of the tomb where bis body had been four days dead. The Jews heard Christ oall on Lazarus to come forth. Instantly the dead man came forth. Did the Jews who witnessed this miracle, therefore, believe in Christ as THE PROMISED MESSIAH. Not they, indeed. On the contrary, they went back into the city of Jerusalem from the grave-side and "took counsel how they might put ChriBt to death." The Right Reverend Dr. Thornton often speaks from his pulpit about "the Prophets," and of "the Psalmist," and how distinctly tbey foretold of the manner and the place of Christ's birth, and of the "Star" seen by princes in the east, guiding those princes to the Crib at Bethlehem. The Jews read these Prophets and Psalms on their Sabbath Days in the Temple and synagogues. Our Lord con. vioted the Jews out of their own Scriptures. He declared them to be without exouse for rejecting him, because these Soriptures all pointed evidently to Him as the promised Saviour. Moses, the Prophets, the Psalms, all refer to Him. But there was a veil of prejudice upon their hearts—upon their moral and spiritual perceptions—and they could not see Christ in any text of all their saored books. And just for the selfsame reason, neither Dr. Thornton nor Dr. Moor house can see the infallibility of Christ's True Churoh in the New Testament Scriptures. The Lutheran bandage is tied over their organs of vision, and all the power that controversy possesses only ties the bandage tighter. If papal infallibility were printed in every verse of the New Testament in potter type, with letters a yard and a half long, thiB noble pair of bishops oouldn't see it. They don't want to see it. Their position in society, their educational bias, their incomes, and their family ties, and their friendships and affeotions, their pride and their conscience, all stand between them and theonolouded apprehension of the Catholicdootzi&e; of an infallible Churoh, and how could they seei t through so many obsouring obstaeles. It is their misfortune that they muBb look at it until death through a false medium, as those who look through stained glass see everything in »n unnatural light. And as they hare a multi- tude behind them who peep over their shoulders and see as they see, the END OP CONTROVERSY cannot, come. Christ said it. His apostles repeated His warning. The experience of 1800 years verifies it. While hnman infirmity continues, and heretical perversity operates on hnman infirmity, and Satanic malignity instigates both, controversy will come, and all that remains for us is to meet, it with heroic calmness and brave ocmposure, in steadfast loyalty to Christ, Hiri Churoh, and Faith. Catholios arewondrously liberal in giving their money to build churches and maintain the publio worship of God in this land. But there is a duty equally glorious which they are called on in these times to remember, and that is the duty of treating with Christian soorn and contempt the ceaseless libels of Protestant bishops, priests, and presbyters upon the infallibility of the Catholio Charoh. Glorying in their share as fallible seotaries eternally divided and sub-divided into 150 antagonist fragments, tbey must, in sheer desperation, revile the infallible whioh disowns tbem. It is their only resource. If they acknowledged the infallible they would be logically bonnd to submit to the divine voioe of Christ, speaking by His own Churob, for He said, " He that hearetb you heareth Me. ' 1 WHAT IS BEHIND IT. Behind this palaver about infallibility stands the whole Lutheran, and Socinian, and Calvinistical, and Unitarian, and Freethought stale sophisticated array of anti- Catholic cavils, which, for the last 350 years, have been bandied about the world until they have grown putrid. The stupid scoffing about infallibility means the denial of all the doctrines which were affirmed at THE COUNCIL OF TRENT. Among these dootrines were Purgatory and Transubstantiation. But from the day of the definition of these doctrines down to tbe rise of the so-called OXFORD MOVEMENT, Protestants of every heterogeneous variety never ceased to attack [for instance] Transubstantiation. The " Oxford men" showed that Transubstantiation was, in fact, a doctrine of the Church of England catechism, and Dr. Pusey was suspended from bis Preachersbip for two years for preaching that curious fact. Gradually the Protestant pulpits grew silent about Transubstantiation, and let it lapse. We hear no Protestant sermons about it now, for Protestantism has gone off from theological disquisitions into Freethought, which repudiates theology in the lump. So has it always been. When the 1st General Council condemned ARIUS with the infallible judgment of God,the condemned sect kept up a palaver about their condemnation long enough. So also did the Donatists, and the Nestorians, and the Apollinarians, and the Iconoclasts, and the Manicbeean Albigenses, and the Poor Men of Lyons, and the Jansenists, and a hundred other eclectics and fanatics who, from age to age for 15 centuries before Luther's apostacy, assailed the Faith or Creed. As soon as the Church had branded them as infected sheep and turned them out of the flock they all bawled out their anti-Christian crotochet more impudently than ever, until some new gang of DOCTRINAL THIEVES arose, and called off attention from the old. The grand attack is now upon the papal infallibility, and will oontinue to be made until the welfare of the Catholic Church, and the safe keeping of the Faith, shall oall for the assembling of another General Council, or until the Sovereign Pontiff shall be called on to decide some point of Christian faith or Christian morals, and then the new decree will, in its turn, be attacked. The destruction of the Faith is the supreme purpose of the hosts of hell, and of atheist men, and these are unwittingly aided by pious professors of Protestant Christianity who have taken up Luther's parable, and this threefold league will keep us supplied with materials for controversy until the end of the world. We cannot escape it except by a universal apostacy. ITS PLACE AND WORK. It would be doing nothing to give the true Faith nnlees it was to be for ever protected from misapprehension, and perpetuated pure as it was given. And, therefore, along with the Faith Christ gave the means and machinery for preserving His faith and religion from the possibility of perversion, and this He did by establishing a TEACHING AND GOVERNING ORDER, which could never fail and never mistake the true faith for falsehood, or falsehood for faith. This faith Christ tanght to his apostles by word of mouth, and by word of mouth the apostles taught the Faith to the heathen nations. The teaohing of the apostles was oatecbetioal. There was (1st) the true interior mental conception, and (2nd) there was the true, and exact, and rational expression or verbal form. The heathen nations were called on to believe truly in the true God in that manner which God willed them to believe, and not in any other manner. This true Faith was commnnicated in words chosen by the apostles, and in these words the Christian converts were to profess the true Faith. "Faith cometh by hearing," says St. Paul, " and hearing cometh by the Word of God." The "Word of God" was spoken to the heathen world by the month and tongue of the apostles, who had infallible knowledge of tbe mind of God in sending them as his ambassadors to negotiate with the idolatrous nations about their souls' salvation. The message of salvalion was infallibly understood by the apostles, and their task was to deliver it in that sense in which it was delivered to them by Christ. For this purpose the apostles chose language in which they might rightly and rationally convey to the heathen mind a right and rational conception co the saving truths which God commanded them to bear and to receive and to believe. The heathen were not allowed to select words of their own in which to profess the Faith which tbe apostles taught them. The apostles selected the words, and plaoed them in a certain order, according to tbe order of revelation and theological sequence. This "form of sound words" was THE CHRISTIAN SYMBOL commonly oalled the Apostles' Greed, and aocording to this formula were the nations [the Gentile?] to believe the Symbol was the whole counsel of God in a few plain words. It was the whole Gospel of Christ in the simplest form of speech. Everyone could learn it. Everyone could so far understand it as to have a fall and sufficiently intelligent knowledge of all that God required all nations to believe of Him in this present life. The Apostles* Creed was A COMPLETE MANUAL of all Christian dooirine, and of Christian worship, and of Ghurch discipline, and to this Creed nothing has ever hem added, and from this Creed nothing has ever been taken away! In fourteen of the twenty General Councils which the Catholio Church has held, the immediate object was tbe defence of the Faith as it is laid down, and from the beginning tnught to all nations wherever the Church of Christ comes. Every Catholio over the whole world is taught tbe Apostles' Creed, and is thus taught the whole Gospel doctrine exactly as the Apostles taught it, and as they wrote of it when they did write. The Creed teaches the true doctrine of the Trinity, of the Incarnation of the Logos or Son and Second Person of the Godhead' in Christ. It teaches the personality and office of the Holy Ghost, and tbe divine generation of the Son by Him in the womb of Mary. It teacheB tbe Immaculate Conception of Mary, and her dignity as Mother of God inoarnate. It teaches the perfeot humanity of Christ, His twofold nature, and His one divine personality. It teaohes the atoning death, resurreotion, and ascension of Christ. It teaches the local existence of an Intermediate State for souls departed out of this life in tbe peace of God. It teaches the Infallibility of the Catholic Church, and the Sacraments of the Church—Penance, Matrimony, Holy Orders, Eucharist, Extreme Unction, Prayers for the souls of the dead, Invocation of the Saints, Baptismal regeneration, the resurrection of all who die, and an eternal life to come. All these are contained in the Apostles' Creed, and were therefore taught by the apostles to all nations unto whom they came, and have ever since been taught, semper, itbique, et ab omnibus, without a day's break or cessation. WHAT THE SCRIPTURES DO. But now, as soon as the foregoing statement is made, up jump tbe Right Rev. Dr. Thornton and the Right Rev. " brother " of Melbourne, and as "devil's advocate" for Protestant fallibility, tbey demand to be shown the Scripture proofs, chapter and verse, in express terms, for papal infallibility. The reply is that they do grossly err, not knowing what the Scriptures were intended to do. The demand is foolish, fanatical, captious, and irrelevant. Dr. Thornton appeals to "History." Well, tbe New Testament is hi6tory, and as such it refers to, it alludes to, and it takes the papal infallibility for granted, and as a fact which no true Christian oould ever dream of doubting or denying. This is how Scripture proves tbe papal infallibility. The Scriptures do not commend us to believe papal infallibility any mora than they command us to believe in keeping the first day of the week holy. The Scriptures allude to thefirstday as being kept holy, which proves to full moral demonstration that there was an authority vested in someone competent to change the day of rest and devotion. God had appointed and commanded his Jewish Church to keep the seventh day as a holy rest and for solemn or public worship. Who dare alter God's day without God's permission and sanction. No one dare make the change without special leave or direction. The Jews wouldn't. The Christians couldn't. Our divine Lord instructed His apostles to make the change from the seventh day to the first day of the week. He invested His apostles with plenary powers to alter the divine law, and the apostles altered it instantly after His ascension. Clothed with with an authority divine, the apostles aoted CANONICALLY, and in no other way, as rightful rulers of the Catholic Church. They must do so. They dare not act in any other way when wielding a divine prerogative and enaoting a- church law, whioh to was bind the whole Catholic Church for ever! The apostles met in synod. They discussed the question. They issued a decree, notifying all Christians of the change. And it is under that apostolic decree that we, 1850 years after date of it,are bound to keep the first day of the week holy. There is no oommand in the New Testament for keeping the first day holy. There is not one word of Scripture which directly obliges us in so many words to observe the first day. But the ohange is taken for granted. " " referred to as an accomplished and well known fact which all Christians in Judea, Egypt, Syria, Greece, Italy, everywhere, were called on to recognise and respect M an ordinance of God. Thus inaugurated,\the first day of the week comes down to us as an apostolic tradition, but with no verbal injunction Scripture, and just in the same irresist way do the Scriptures prove the papal fallibility. They allude to it. They ref( it. The Scripture speaks of it as a tl of course, as an existing fact familiar fa Christians, and coeval with the first da\ the new evangelic dispensation—and, i commencing, has come down from Pop. Pope, as successors of Peter, to Leo X But what is thus as manifest as the shining at noonday is angrily denied by whole Lutheran synagogue, and henos arisen a 300 years' controversy, which se* the nations of Europe, blights Chris charity, and sends off as from an uai hive, agnostic swarms of eternal sectaries Oct. 27, 1885. 