CHRISTIANITY IN THE SECOND AND THIRD CENTURIES ; OH, Evidences of the Christian Faith Be tween 160—313 a.d. [By the Key. Joseph Nicholson.] Pahx n. VARCl'S ATiBET.irS. Under Marcus Aurelius the church was put to severe tests. This emperor was in many respects most exemplary. As a philosopher of the Stoical schoolhe wrote booksand proclaimed doctrines which lift him immeasurably above the current spirit of his age. Capitolinus, his ancient biographer, says — ' There was no diffe rence between his government and that of a free city. He was in all things guided by a wise moderation, whether in warning men from evil or inciting them to good ? He was of a disposition so absolutely tran quil that his features never expressed either sadness or joy; he was a perfect votary of the Rtniral nliUosoDhv. which he had received from the best masters, and had himself fully em braced.' In his book of Meditations, when_ dis coursing on death, he compares Stoicism with Christianity. He says— 'The soul ought to be ready when the moment comes either to quit the body, to be extinguished or dissolved, or to remain a while longer with the body. But this readiness must proceed from calm reasons, and not from mere obstinacy as among the Christians. It must be arrived at with reflection and dignity, so as to convince others without declamation.' It would thus appear that Christian martyrs appeared to his Stoical mind as little else than obstinate fanatics. TYPICAL CASES OF MABTTBDOir. Let us look at a few typical cases of martyr dom that will illustrate to us the kind of Christians that lived and died in those days. One of the first martyrs in the reign of Marcus Aurelius was Polycarp, the Bishop of Smyrna. He had been a disciple of the Apostle John, and loved to tell of some of the personal habits and discourses of this last surviving apostle. His own life had been long and honorable in the service of Christ. The populace thirsted for his blood. The Proconsul called upon him to curse Christ and gain liberty. He nobly renlied — ' Eiehtv and six vears have I served . TTrm, and He never did me any wrong ; how then can I blaspheme my King and my Saviour V The mob demanded that a lion should be let loose upon him, but the master of the games refused, because the day's sports were over. They then insisted on his being burnt at the stake, and pro nouncing bis sentence before the judge, proceeded to execute it. They jthen rushed to the shops and baths and gathered faggots of wood. He joyfully went to the stake refusing to be bound, and died ' thanking God for being counted worthy to be numbered among bis martyrs to drink of the cup of Christ's sufferings unto the eternal resurrection of the soul and the body in the incorruption of the Holy Ghost.' There are some addi tional particulars given in an epistle of the church at Smyrna, incorporated in the Acts of the Martyrs, which Eusebius regards as authentic, and which Dean MilmaTi charac terises as ' due to the high-wrought imagina tion of the Christian spectators, who deepened every casual incident into a wonder.' This epistle declares that the flames refused to burn him, but 'they formed an arch resembling the sail of a ship around him, so that he appeared in the midst of it like gold or silver glowing in a furnace, whilst a sweet odor arose from the pile as if frankincense or some other precious spice was being consumed.' These 'grateful odors,' it has been suggested, came from aromatic woods which were used to warm the baths of the luxurious, and were seized for fuel on this occasion ; and possibly, the other fanciful feature in the narrative may be capable of an equally natural explanation. Polycarp's death took place in Asia Minor, under Marcus Aurelius, in the year a. d. 167. Some ten year 3 later the churches at Lyons and Vienne, in the south of France, suffered severely from perse cution. Thedetailsaregiyeninanepistleta'kento the churches of Asia Minor by Irenseus, who, subsequent to the persecution, became Bishop of Lyons. From this document we learn that Pothinus, the then venerable bishop of 90 years of age, sick as he was, suffered great severities, and was cast into a dungeon, where he died in two days. To the judge who asked him, 'Wliois the god of the Christians?1' he re plied, 'If thon shalt be worthy, thou shalt know.' The authorities seized slaves, and ex torted under cruel torture from them confes sions of vile practices on the part of their Chris tian masters, and on the basis of such admis sions inflamed the populace against the Chris tians. Blandina, a delicate female {slave, was tortured in every conceivable way ; her body was lacerated with a scourge, she was partially roasted in a red-hot iron chair, was tossed by wild beasts in a net, and yet amid it all she declared, 'I am a Christian, and there are no evil practices amongst us.' De Pressense says — ' This child of fifteen, frail and weak by nature as others, displayed extraordinary moral power ; neither tortures nor wild beasts could make her falter. The Christians feared for her, but it was she who strengthened their faith. Before the whole circus, full of a howling crowd, in view of the gapipg mouth of the lion, she stood 'calm and- smiling; and that calm smile of the poor slave was the boldest chal lenge ever hurled at the material omnipotence of the pagan empire.' (Pres., p. 140.) Ponticus, a boy of fifteen, suffered at the same time as Blandina, by whom he was greatly encouraged. Nothing would deter him from confessing Christ, though day after day these youthful disciples were brought into the circup, to witness the torture of others in the hope of inducing them to waver, but they were faithful to death. Symphorinus, a young nobleman, refused to bow down to an Asiatic idol that was being taken through the streets in its sacred car. In answer to the charge of being a Christian, he said, 'lama Christian, I worship the true God who reigns in heaven, but your idol I cannot worship ; nay, if permitted, I am ready to dash it to pieces.' He was condemned to be beheaded. On the way to execution he met his mother who said, 'My son be firm, and fear not that death which so surely leads on to life. Look to Him who reigns m heaven. To-day is not thy earthly life taken from thee, but transformed by a blessed exchange into the life of heaven.' THE THTJNDEBISG LEGION. It was during the reign of Marcus Aurelius an incident occurred which gave rise to the legend known as 'The Thundering Legion.' The emperor and his army while in Hungary were in danger of perishing of thirst, when it is said, in answer to the prayers of the Christian soldiers in the army, a sudden storm came, bringing a copious fall of rain, which saved them from perishing. It is only fair to say that the pagans claimed the rain, as an answer from Jupiter Pluvius to whom the emperor prayed, saying with uplifted hand, 'This hand which has never yet shed human blood I lift to thee.' The existence of the legend, even in this dubious form, is nevertheless an interesting proof that Christians were in the imperial army, and that their habit of prayer to God for temporal blessings was generally understood. On the death of Marcos Aurelius, he was succeeded by his son Commodus, whose character and conduct differed widely from that of his father. While he revived the cruel gladiatorial games, he checked the perse cution of the Christians, partly from a per verse delight in reversing the decisions of his father and partly through, the influence of a favorite mistress named Marcia, who was kindly disposed towards the Christians, and obtained the recall of many, who were exiled to Sicily. Still, in Asia Minor the pro-consul enforced the law against Christians with stern severity, until perplexed by the hosts of those who voluntarily came for tnaL he, after destroying many, said, 'Wretched men, if you wish to die, you have rocks a3d ropes at hand' in abundance, AFEICAN TBOCBLES. When Septimius Severus came to the throne it was at first thought he too would manifest clemency to the Christians, because of being cured of a dangerous disease by a Christian slave, but this spirit of conciliation soon passed away, and violent persecution broke out both at Alexandria and Carthage. In the former city Leonidas, the father of Origen, was among the first to suffer, and it was only by hiding hits clothes that his mother prevented Origen from attempting to die with his father as a martyr for the faith. Potamiaena, a virgin of rare beauty of body and mind, was threatened with a, fate worse than death at the hands of the brutal soldiery. From this shame she was delivered, but perished with her mother, by being slowly immersed in boiling pitch. BasUides, the soldier who led her to execution, shielded her from insult, and was deeply im pressed by her Christian fortitude and triumphant spirit. The day following he refused -to take the pagan oath, confessed him self a Christian, and on the morrow, he too, iron a martyr's crown. At Carthage, Perpetua, a young mother of Hoble birth- ^th babe at her breast, resisted the _ pas? *iOnate pleadings of her father, and the mtrc'. appeals of her babe, and remained stead *a 'it in the faith. The record tells of her father's reneated anneals, when arrested, in the orison, and at the trial. Concerning ^these she said — 'My father's grey hairs pained me, when I considered that he alone of all my family would not rejoice that I must suffer. In the dark dungeon she said, ' I was tempted, for I had never been in such darkness before. Oh, what a dreadful day ! The excessive heat occasioned by the multitude of prisoners, the rough treat ment we experienced from the soldiers, and finallyanxiety for my child, mademe miserable.' But, through kindly intercessions, some of these trials, were removed, and after taking 'the communion,' she felt strengthened and en couraged, declaring 'The dungeon became a palace to me.' At the trial the judge ex postulated with her. 'Have pity on thy thy helpless child, offer sacrifice for the wel fare of the emperor.' ' That I cannot do,' ivas her simple reply. :' Are you a Christian V' 'Yes, I am a Christian;' and so her doom was fixed. She, with Felicitas, a female slave, and three young catechumens, were condemned to be thrown to the wild beasts. After they had been tossed and torn, and when about to receive the final stroke of mercy, they exchanged the fraternal kiss and 'fell asleep in Jesus.' THE FORT! TEAKS' PEACE. From the years 211 to 249 there was a forty ? years' peace, with the exception of a brief in terval of persecution under Maxixninus lasting some three years. In 'the reign of Alexander Severus that emperor vras so tolerant of all religions as to have statues of Abraham and Christ, together with those of Orpheus and other heathen deities, placed in his domestic ? chapel, and the Christian golden rule — 'As ye j would that men should do unto you, do ye j even so to them ' — was engraved on his palace and on public monuments . This long period of freedom from pagan j hostility led to deterioration in the spiritual 1 tone of Christian life. Many joined the church with very superficial convictions as to its self-denying obligations, and though numbers increased, the vital strength of the church was greatly enfeebled. In the cities there were churches without bishops, and bishops without churches, and in the country old centres of Christian life and activity were given up, and a spirit of Laodecian ease too largely permeated the church. l-'EESH PERSECUTIONS. | The next persecution under Decius was j artfully planned. It aimed not so much at the | personal destruction of the Christians as their j defection from Christian faith ; though, if the i pagan religion was not acknowledged, there was no tenderness of spirit shown to those who ' remained firm. i They had opportunity to offer a mere gram of incense upon a flaming pagan altar, and if they possessed a magistrate's certificate that such had been done they were free from ] molestation. Numbers saved their goods at I the expense of their faith. Some, mere nominal I Christians, rushed to the altar, as if anxious ( to abjure their professed faith ; while others j went, with pale faces and aching hearts, ? looking as if they were themselves to be sacri- ! ficed. It was eminently a testing time, and . it resulted in separating much, of the chafi from. tV-p toIim*. TVinspivlirt 'lansfid' from the faith were treated as 'apostates' with no little . severity by the church, and had often to serve the church for years before being restored to full fellowship. The bishops and officers were objects of special persecution at this j time. The Bishop of Kome, Fabianus, j was imprisoned, and finally suffered death. ] From prison he wrote to Cyprian _ at Carthage, declaring it was 'a most glorious and blessed lot to confess God the Lord amidst tortures and in the face of death.' He sought the prayers of Cyprian that 'at last they might be led to the field as faithful soldiers armed with those divine weapons which can never be conquered.' InthereignofGallus(251-253 A.D.)ape3tilence afflicted the empire, and the emperor ordered all Roman subjects to sacrifice to the gods for its removal. The immense number of Christians who refused to obey this idolatrous command led to another' persecution. The church was in a better state, and endured it with greater fidelity than in the time of Decius. There are no records of *' lapsed' and faithless disciples, for the church had been purified by the fire. Cyprian could then happily write— ' How many of the lapsed have been restored by a glorious confession ?' It was under Valerian that Cyprian suffered. During the former persecution he had concealed himself in hope of allaying pagan fury, and though some censured that course, he fully vindicated its wisdom and righteousness by the teaching and example of Christ. He said — ''Our Lord commanded us in time of persecu tion to yield and to fly. He taught this and He practised it Himself ; for since the martyr's crown comes by the grace of God, and cannot be gained before the appointed hour, he who retires for a time and remains true to Christ does not deny_ his faith, but only abides his time.' This doctrine Cyprian fully exem plified when his 'time' came. He made a bold confession of Christ, and was condemned to decapitation. The judge's sentence des cribed him as 'a standard bearer' of the sect, and a leader of the people. He met his fate in an open grass plot, surrounded by trees. A large number of Christians were present to witness the triumph of their leader. He placed the bandage to bis eyes, and asked a presbyter who attended him to pay the executioner twenty-five pieces of gold, and perceiving that he trembled and delayed, urged him on. In a kneeling posture he received the stroke which ended his earthly career. His followers dipped their handkerchiefs in his blood, and at night ? obtained his body, which they buried with great devotion. THE TREASCBES OF THE CHURCH. About the same time Laurentius, the Roman -deacon, was ordered to bring forth 'the trea sures of the church,' of {which he was the sup posed custodian. He admitted the existence of treasures, and promised to deliver them up in three days, but as they were ponderous, he requested the judge to send waggons and horses to fetch them. At the time appointed he had collected the j-oor and the widows in one place, and pointing to them, said — ' These are the treasures of the church.'' He wascon demned to be roasted to death on a gridiron. On the accession of Gallienus the first edict of toleration was issued. By this Christianity obtained a_ respite from persecution for forty years, their cemeteries and public buildings were restored, and freedom of public worship was guaranteed. During this period great numbers were added to the church from all grades of .society. Every rank and Ephere of life, from the palace to the guard-room, con tained followers of Christ. Still the pagans were numerous and powerful, and were pre paring for a life or death struggle. When Diocletian began to reign in 285 A.D., he was favorable to the Christians. It is said that his wife and daughter were both candi dates for Christian baptism, but Galerius, his son- in-law, was a deadly opponent, and after sixteen years obtained the sanction of Dio cletian to a new imperial edict of persecution. Its terms were — 1. All the churches were to be razed to the ground, and Christian assemblies ?were forbidden to meet. 2. All copies of the Sacred Book were to be burned. 3. All Christian men of official position were to be stripped of their rank and treated as beyond the pale of the law. 4. All Christians in private life were to be reduced to slavery. The destruction of the cathedral at Nico media on July 23, 303 A.D., under the very eyes of the two emperors — Diocletian and Galerius — was the signal for persecutions which spread from the Euphrates to Britain. ATTEMPTS TO DESTBOT SCRIPTCBES. While much blood was shed undoubtedly organised attempts were primarily made to destroy the Scriptures. Every fragment obtainable was burned. This devise was crafty, for the word of God was the root from whence sprang so many sturdy Christian characters. Some gave up their Scriptures, and were branded bythe church as 'traditors, ' and treated by the Donatists as 'apostates,' though the orthodox were more charitable, and condoned the offence. Still, many governors failed to carry out the edict, and even sug gested to the clergy the -delivery of some worthless books to be burned in lieu of the Scriptures. The word of God was in too many faithful hands to suffer extinction, besides being under the special care of Him who has declared that the ' Word of God liveth and abideth for ever.' The author of this bitter persecution, Galerius, lived to regret it. When dying from a loathsome disease contracted by vicious habits, he came to the conclusion that he was being punished by the Christians' God whom he had offended. He thereupon issued an edict of toleration. This has been called 'a singular document, half insolent, half suppliant, which begins by insulting the Christians, and ends by asking them to pray to their Master for him.' This was a true triumph for Christianity, and when the banished exiles returned to their towns they were met in the gates with songs and psalms of praise by their fellow Christians, and con ducted through the streets with great rejocing. Maxuninus for a time recognised the clemency of Galerius, but soon threw off the mask by giving towns a kind of 'local option' law, by which they could persecute and exterminate the Christians in their neighborhood if they so desired it. He conceived the bold and diabolic design of organising a. HeathenCatholic Church with pagan bishops and sacred books. One book, called the 'Acts of Pilate,' was pre pared, which contained a burlesque on the life of Christ. A copy of this was sent to every schoolmaster, with instructions that every schoolboy should learn its 'disgusting lies' by heart, and write essays upon it, and so at the most impressible age 'all reverence and pity for Jesus Christ was purposely, as a piece of school discipline, turned into contempt, and ridicule, and hatred.' But these forms of oppression were soon to come to an end. Constantine, at the head of a victorious army from Britain, Gaul, and Spain, marched into Rome and took hi? place in the palace of the Ce?s&rs.; He had always been favorable to Christianity, and, as a matter of pure St&te; policy, he passed an Edict of Toleration s,t Milan in a.d. 313, which 'gave absolute liberty in religion, not only to Chris tianity but to every form of faith.' Into that epoch of Christian history my friend, the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, will instructively lead you in his lecture next week. EVIDENTIAL VALUE OF MAETTRDOJr. In the meantime I have to remind you of the valuable evidence for Christianity we have in the lives and deaths of these early Christians The sufferings they endured are beyond adequate description. Eusebius gives a graphic summary in his history. He says — 'They were scourged till the flesh came off the bones, and then vinegar and salt were poured into the wounds. They were tied to millstones and sunk in the sea. They were stretched . unon the rack till all their limbs were wrenched asunder. They were fastened naked to boughs of contiguous trees benf to gether, and then torn asunder by the quick rebound.' .... At last, he says—' The horrid work began to flag. The very swords themselves became blunt and broken, being worn out with use. The executioners grew weary, and gave over their functions ;. but the Christians to the last breath of their life sang songs of praise and thanksgiving to Almighty Justin Martyr testified to the evidential value of these martyrdoms when he said, ' It is certain nothing can make us deny our faith, neither the sword of the slayer, nor the cross of agony, nor the teeth of' wild beasts, nor bonds, nor fire, nor tortures of any kind. The more men multiply our sufferings the more does the number of the faithful grow, the more ai-ethe disciples found on the side of Christ.' Justin Martyr's figure was that the 'Church is like the vine which is more fruitful the more it bleeds under the pruning knife.' Tertullian, in his famous apology, adds his testimony to the propagating power of martyr dom when he says — ' Your cruelty is the trial of our conscience. God permits us to suffer these things in order that it may be seen by all that we prefer to suffer death rather than to commit sin. Your cruelty, even the most exquisite, is of no avail against us. It is rather that which is our hire ; it draws con verts to us. We grow by being thrown down. The blood of Christians is the seed of tbe church.' This was eminently true of several of the learned pagans who became converted to Christianity. Justin Martyr, Tertullian, and others tell us that the manner in which Christians endured persecution first aroused their curiosity and made them ' seriously in quisitive' into the nature of that religion which could endow them with so much strength of mind and fearlessness of death. Justin Martyr could exclaim to Marcus Amelius ' Socrates ! No one has believed in his words so strongly as to be willing to die for his doc trine, but for Jesus Christ men die every day.' And so, in many cases 'the blood of the martyrs became the seed of the church.''' tatlor's estimate of early Christians. In reviewing the Christian life and manners of the time, as giving evidence of the vitality and pure character of Christianity, we cannot do better than give the estimate of Isaac Taylor in his ' Ancient Christianity,' which designedly discounts 'the superstitious venera tion sometimes paid to the age of the fathers.' He nevertheless says — 'Our brethren of the early church challenge our respect as well as affection, for theirs was the fervor of a steady faith in things unseen and eternal ; theirs, often a meek patience under the most grievous wrongs ; theirs, the courage to maintain a good profession before the frowDing face of philosophy, of secular tyianny, and of splendid superstition ; theirs was abstractedness from the world, and a painful self-denial ; theirs, the most arduous and costly labors of love ; theirs, a munificence in charity, altogether without example ; theirs was a reverent and scrupulous care of the sacred writings : and this oue merit, if thev had no other, is of a superlative degree, and should entitle them to the veneration and grateful regards of the modern church. How little do many readers of the Bible nowadays think of what it cost the Christians of the second and third centuries merely to rescue and hide the sacred treasure from the rage of the heathen.' (Vol I., page 37.) In concluding this part, we repeat our postulate — If 'a Christian is the highest evidence of Christianity,' then the existence of so many, and such true Christians is striking ' evidence' for Christianity. 