(raox s OWn oas 00BRESPONEt.) Wednesday night "Once more unto the breach, dear friends," or in the vernacular of the panto. mimic clown, "here we are again." With all due respect to the ghost of Shakespeare, I think the clown best expreses my mean. ing, though both combined are best. Ieam here again to do my best. In my previous letters I lsoghed and scoffed at the "fog fever fiend," with the notastonishing result that I fell a victim to it myself. Parliament had a long sitting last night, but good work was done. The etonewal lers of last week rose to explain. The ex planation in the cases of Messrs. Bent and McIntyre took the form ofa direct denial. They were both laughed at, but Mr. Ser vice reconciled the last-named gentleman by speaking of him as a good dog in bad company. Colonel Smith admitted thatbe stonewalled, whilst the others of the party remained silent; it was as good as following the Colonel, since silence gives consent. This over, the House settled down to con sider the estimates. Members behaved very well, the result being that the esti. mates in connection with the Postal, Edo cation, end Treasurer's departments were fairly discussed, and passed. During the debate the Public Service Board received a good testaring about, especially when the Postal Department was under discussion. The question arose as to the quarters of postmasters and mistresses, complaints being made that these oficials were charged rcrL aee telr3us7. 1 -- ...apl.;.d that what was taken off in rent was added on to their salaries, so that really there was no difference. The Chief Secretary promised to enquire into the gievances of some sorters and letter carriers whose cases were brought up in the House. During the de bate on the educational estimates the prin cipal things urged were the increments in I the salaries of assistant teachers, and the . provision of pure water tanks for country schools. Both things were promised atten tion. The House adjourned at 1.30 a.m. The disclosures in the Pall Alall Gazette seem to have acted very strongly on the imaginations of local moralists. First, Mr. Anderson makes an astounding state. meet, which has the effect of drawing forth from the multitude expression of astonish. ment soand dismay. The Hsead publislhed a series of sensational articles entitled "Is it true," and the police made a searching en quiry, and said it was not. But they were I not content with a simple answer. They loaded it with details, and dragged two captives before the police court as ex amples. The Herald again emulated its English contemporary. There were more sensational articles, with easuch titles as "Saved from Ruin," Saved from Shame," &c.;, &o.; And yet when the action of the Pall Mald Gacste was criticised by the Melbcurne papers the Herald was amongst the number that condemned it. I do not wish to say anything against our liveliest daily paper, but I d like consistency, both in theory and practice. The programmes of the different theatres present a pleasing variety of entertainment. At the Boyal, the "Shadows of a great city" holds the boards, with "Saints and Sinners" to follow. Rignold "plays the very devil" as Mephistopheles, in "Faust," at the Opera House,and "The Magistrate" has the effect of laughing gas on the Bijou audiences. The Nugget Theatre and Vic toria Hall are occupied by minstrels. I mentioned in one of my former letters a cottage whose title, Temperance Villa, amused me. There is no longer any room for surmise or conjecture attached to it. On oneside has been painted,in large letters, its late. It is the oottage to be gives as the first prize in the raffl ina connection with the Temperance Gels. The English elections ire arousing a great deal of interest throughout Mel h bourne, and the latest intelligence in re I spect to them is always eagerly awaited, s The reason of the increased interest in t this matter is due more to the close connec. Iion in which the English Parliament came t with the oolonie during the New Gineas trouble, and also to the fact of our discovery to the effect that we possessed a foreign policy. Ml. T. A. L. Roarrs, Surgical and Ma. chanical Dentist, Kepler street, Warrnambool, t can be consulted as follow--Caramnt, Farm I er' Botel, Wednseday, 21st October; Pens. haret, Pensheres Hoael, Thursday, 22nd; Hamilton, Victoria Hotel, Friday, 23rd, Sat urday,24th; Portland, iMao's Hotel, Sunday, 23th, Monday, 26th, and Teesday, 27th; Macartttar, Vietoris Hotel, Wednesday, 28th; Belfast, W ade's (Chemist), Thursday, 29th. Artificial teeth mounted on gold or vulcan ite. Teeth stopped, scaled, and extracted. Childrean' teeth regulated. Patients waited upon at their private resIrdences. Consults. tion fcee.-Aorr. 