THE DEPRESSION IN THE LABOUR TRADE. [By our Special Reporter.] The continued depression in the labour market is a subject that is exciting the gravest attention at the present time, and the enquiries we have made from contractors and others show that the state of things is exceptionally bad. Upon all sides the tale of want is repeated with a depth of sincerity that leaves no room for doubt as to the genuineness of the story. The labour offices are besieged with applicants for employment, and the contractors have hardly j a moment's peace from the supplications of those who have to provide daily bread for their families. A stream of the working class clamour continuously at the Public Works Office for passes to enable them to reach the country districts, or they demand to be supplied with employment which shall keep them from absolute destitution. The lack of work seems to be the greatest among the artisan classes. The Government have listened to the urgent solicitations of the labourers and have established relief works, but while the labourers and even the more obust artisans may be fitted to work a o upon them, still there are many mechanics t who physically are unable to sustain the n severe strain placed upon them when engaged in such undertakings as have been c arrarged for. They possess the disposition o to work, for many of them travel miles through the city and suburbs seeking light employment which will enable them to carry on until a revival takes place in trade. No doubt exists as to the depression being general, and within the last few months there has been an extensive exodus of the working population from this colony, while the utterances of the men themselves show that many more are striving to raise sufficient money to enable them to leave the country. CONFIRMATION BY THE CONTRACTORS, lo those who take an interest in the working classes as well as to employers this state of affairs is not at all reassuring. Builders and contractors look askance upon the depletion of the labour market, but they say with candour that they do not blame the men for the course that they are pursuing. One gentleman, who occupies a prominent position in the building trade, states that he is personally acquainted with sixty men, whom he describes as being splendid artisans, that have left Adelaide during the past few weeks for the sister colony. Many of these men have communicated with him since their departure, and they say that with a few exceptions the majority of tbe emigrants have been successful in obtaining engagements. A contractor, with an experience extending over the past thirty years, states that he has never known such bad times in South Australia as exist at the present moment. No new works appear to be forthcoming, and even those that are offered for tender are, he asserts, secured at such low rates that it is a question whether they can be executed at a profit. The dull times have now extended without intermission over a period of nine months, and the builders declare that the outlook tor the future is not brightened by the probability of even a partial euBpension of the depression. The large number of vacant houses, together with the reduction in rents, willnot induce an outlay by capitalists in that direction, and even the building operations in the city are largely confined to structures that must be erected according to the terms of the lease, the result being that there are fewer works being carried on here at the present time than has been the case for years past. On all sides the masters nave been reducing their staffs. Men who nine months ago could find ample employment for eighty or ninety operatives now say that they have been compelled to discharge all their workmen, or have only retained just a sufficient number to enable them to finish the contracts they have in hand. The reduction in the wage-list is consequently very great, and one competent authority estimates that fully £6,400 less per month is paid in wages than was the case a year ago. But to the employers the loss of labour is a matter of serious moment, especially should affairs take a turn for the better. The computations as to the number of men who have left for the other colonies differ very materially, but it is believed that at least 1,000 of our best artisans have sought work in that colony during the past year. One workman mentioned that only a few days ago he saw at least 200 men hanging about between the Town Hall and Rundle-street out of employment, most of whom were to bis personal knowledge skilled workmen. He added that he could not walk through the city without being accosted by scores of people eager for some kind of employment, and said that it was a pitiful sight to see the clusters of men gathered around any work watching with envious eyes their ' fellow - creatures who were fortunate _ enough to be engaged upon it. Opinions differ as to the ultimate remedy _ of tbis state of affairs, but a very decided view is held by some of the contractors that the present rate cf wages will have to be reduced before there is any chance of extensive tenders being undertaken. The rates are determined by the Workmen's Union, and at the present time they stand as follows:—Masons, 10s. per diem ; bricklayers, 10s. ; plasterers, 10s. ; carpenters and joiners, from 9s. to 10s.; plumbers, 10s.; and labourers, 7s. per day. A complaint is also made that the men are too earnest in adhering to the eight-hours system, and that matters will not mend until a concession is made by them in this respect, but it is not likely that the operatives will give way upon a principle that they fought so stoutly for in years past. But despite this feeling on the part of some of the builders there is not one of them who does not view with apprehension the present depression, and they share with their workmen the desire that the late bountiful harvest may be the means of readjusting the condition of tradespeople in the province. THE MAYOR OF ADELAIDE. Mr. BUNDEY (the present Mayor of Adelaide) has frcm his business connection with the masses, and from his position as Chief Magistrate of the city, opportunities of judging as to the truth of the reports that have been current with regard to the distress among the unemployed. He confirms with considerable decision of tone the statements made by other contractors, and temarks that during his long experience as a builder he has never seen our artisan population reduced to such straits. Frequent appeals are made to him for charities by men who have failed in their attempts to obtain employment, and constant enquiry only proves to him how widespread is the existing distress. As an employer he has not only had to reduce his wage-list to one- third what it was some months back, but in order to utilize his staff he has had to carry on works which have proved far from profitable to him. He concurs alao in the statement that we are fast losing some of our best operatives, and no one can regret more sincerely than does he at this IOES of men who have been regarded as some of the most valuable members of our community. EMIGRATION AND IMMIGRATION. The number of persons who arrived by sea at Port Adelaide from other puts from January 1 to February 14 this year was 1,922. Of these 1,504 came from Melbourne, 174 from London, 82 from Sydney, 36 from Albany, 36 from Natal, 22 from Hamburg, 17 from Durban, 14 from Noumea, 10 from Fremantle, 10 from Newcastle, 5 from Calcutta, 3 from Port Darwin, 2 from Marseilles, 2 from Hongkong, 1 from Townsville, 1 from Cape Town, 1 from Gefle, 1 from Boston, and 1 from Mauritius, The totals for the several weeks are as follows :—Januarv 3, 207; 10th, 412; 17th, 304; 24th, 279 ; 31st, >237 (making for the month 1,439); February 7, 327 ; 14th, 156. The number of persons who left Port Adelaide by sea for other parts during the same period was 2,570. Of these, 2,701 went to Melbourne, 235 to Sydney, 97 to London, 41 to Albany, 39 to United Kingdom, 23 to Noumea, 21 to Hongkong, 19 to Port Darwin, 10 to Hamlin, 4 to Marseilles, 2 to Eucla, 2 to Fremantle, 2 to Goam, and 1 to Hankow. The totals for the several weeks are as follows:—January 3, 277; 10th, 361; 17th, 422 ; 24th, 4S0; 31st, 316 (making for the month 1,856); February 7, 469 ; 14th, 245. We lost, according to this record, 648 persons. The excess of emigration over immigration in respect to Melbourne was 570, to Sydney 153, to United Kingdom 39, to Hongkong 19, to Port Darwin 16, to Hamlin 10, to Noumea 9, to Albany 5, to Marselles 2, to Guam 2, to Eucla 2, to Hankow 1, making a total of 828. The excess of immigration over emigration in respect to London was 77, to Natal 36, to Hamburg 22, to Durban 17, to .Newcastle 10, to Fremantle 8, to Calcutta 5, to Townsville 1, to Cape Town 1, to Gefle 1, to Boston 1, to Mauritius l,.making_a total or 180. The Port Adelaide immigration for the first seven weeks in 18S4, the corresponding period of tbat taken above, was 2,281, and emigration 1,964, showing a gain to the colony of 217, as against a loss this year of 648 persons. It is impossible to procure reliable statistics as to the occupations of emigrants, for although there is a column nro^ided for it in the Customs returns, we understand that not the slightest dependence can be placed upon its accuracy, mainly because emigrants are not examined as to their callings, and the column is filled up without any supervision. The rnformation is regarded as unnecessary by some, and by others it is considered that the Government have DO right to demand it. But it is believed in many directions that "V ic oria and New South Wales are absorbing many f of the mechanics who could find no employment here. WHAT THE WORKMEN SAY. The building trade appears to be suffering tbe greatest depression. The carpenters and oiners, masons, plasterers and labourersall of whom are dependent for their daily bread on the prosperity of this one tradeunite in stating that they have never before experienced anything like such hard times as those that exist at the present season. A fair estimate of the present condition of the building trade may be obtained by reference to figures supplied by the Amalgamated Carpenters' ana Joiners Society, the head- quarters of which are in Manchester, the Executive Council for the colonies being located in Sydney. This is the second trade organization in the world, the only one to excel it in point of numbers and amount of funds being the Engineers' Society. The Amalgamated Carpenters' and Joiners' Society has three branches in this colonyone in the city, one at Norwood, and one t the Port. It has over 200 members n the rolls, about 100 of whom belong o the city, and over half that umber to the Port and Norwood respectively. About two-thirds of all the arpenters and joiners here belong to the rganization. During the last tbree or four months over forty of its members have gone to Melbourne and Sydney, where the building trade is brisk, many of these men having been assisted to leave by the Society. Very few members, hardly a dozen, in Adelaide and the Port are unemployed, the great bulk of the disengaged carpenters and joiners being those who have not cast in their lot with the Society. There are said to be over fifty carpenters unemployed, a large number of their comrades having already left for other colonies. The Society came to an agreement with the masters some time ago that six months' notice should be given by either side before either wages or rules should be altered, but in spite of this understanding the masters are stated to have reduced wages very considerably, the rate having dropped about 10 per cent, during the last six months. As an instance of the present depression, it may be stated that the leading builders in town had only about fifteen carpenters and four or five masons at work, while in fairly good times they employ between forty and fifty carpenters, not to speak of the other operatives who are engaged by them. Some carpenters have even been working at the Port for the Government as labourers at 6s. a day rather than remain idle. In the Mount Lofty and Aldgate district there is only one contract on hand where last year a couple of hundred men were employed. In the face of this distress the workmen contend that rent has increased rather than decreased, and hold that a rise in the amount paid by them is not justifiable when their present depressed condition is considered. The masons and bricklayers are in no better condition than the carpenters and joiners. Depression for the one class necessarily means distress for the other. The former class of operatives have also their trade Society, the only difference being that the Masons' and Bricklayers' Society is a local organization, started about five years ago, while the Amalgamated Carpenters' aud Joiners' Society exists in all parts of the British Empire. At the last audit taken in August the Masons' and Bricklayers' Society had 346 men on the rolls—80 at Port Adelaide, 40 at Port Augusta, and the remainder in the city. Trade has been so bad at Port Angusta—only five men being in permanent employment there—that the branch there has practically yielded up the ghost. About three months ago so many complaints were received at head-quarters of nonemtiloyment that it was resolved to set apart £100 for the purpose of assisting the disengaged members to get away to adjacent colonies. About forty' have already taken advantage of this vote, three or four leaving for Melbourne by every boat, and applications for assistance are now more numerous than ever. This meeting also came to an agreement with the Masters' Association that the wages should be 10s, a day to average workmen, but although the principal masters still pay this rate, it is alleged that the smaller employers nave broken through ths rule. It is stated tbat the Society has lost a hundred members during the last six months through the scarcity of employment. A score went to Western Australia under private contract, and the balance have sought work in Melbourne or elsewhere. Fifty bona-fide masons and bricklayers are stated to be idle in town and with no prospect of employment for some time to come. At Port Adelaide trade is equally bad, and a proportionate number of men are there vainly seeking for eomething to do. Plasterers and stonecutters are in an even worse position than their fellow- workmen, the whole number now employed being estimated at less than twenty instead of between 100 and 150, the normal number when times are good. These operatives are said to be leaving the colony in a wholesale manner, principally for Melbourne, where wages are good, and stonecutters particularly are in request. Another class of operatives who are suffering very severely are the engineers. As an instance of this fact it may be stated that Messrs. Forwood, Downs, and Co., a leading firm in the city, cannot even find full employment for thirty-seven men and boys at the present time, while twelve months ago they had constant work for nearly 100 m excess of that number. Boiler-makers find fairly constant employment considering the general dulness of the times, but this statement does not apply to printers, who are in a bad way. Trade is duller now than it has been for a long time past, and a large number of travelling cards have been granted to members of the Typographical Society who have left for Melbourne, where work is more easily obtained than in Soutb Australia. The bootmakers appear to be tbe only workmen in Adelaide who have not suffered by the present depression. We are informed that about 500 are employed in the various factories in Adelaide, and about a hundred more in small shops. The number of men engaged at this trade is said to be on the increase, and supply and demand are said to be about equally balanced. A number of hands came over from Melbourne in consequence of the recent strike, the majority of whom are reported to have returned since the termination of the disagreement between masters and men in the sister capital. The brief influx of additional workmen does not appear to have had much eflect on the local market nor on the price of skilled labour. Tbe comparative prosperity of the boot trade is a matter of some surprise to the men in the trade, although it stands to reason that it, too, has not been so bnek as it would have been had business generally been more lively. LABOUR AGENTS' OPINIONS. The same tale of depression is told by the labour agents, one of whom says that during the last nine months the number of applicants for employment has been quite unprecedented. Mr. Hunt says that all trades were fully represented, but the number engaged in the various departments of building was pitiable. Carpenters, masons, plasterers, and bricklayers are unable to obtain work. The very best tradesmen— sober, industrious men, with large families dependent upon them—have been cast out of employment, and although many of them would have been grateful to accept even lower than the standard wage it was impossible to obtain work for them. In very many cases the men would wait round the labour exchanges for a few days, and. then those who by thrift and hard work had saved a little money would break up their homes and go to the other colonies. Hundreds of the best tradesmen are represented by the agents to have left in this manner, and many who are now remaining are stated to be kept in the colony by want of means to pay tbe necessary passage-money. THE EFFECT ON HOUSE PROPERTY. The leading land and house agents in the eity_ also cry out abont the ill effects of the depression. Empty houses are everywhere to De found, and rents have been reduced as much as 25 per cent. Both in the city and suburbs the number of empty houses is said to be greater than at any other time in the history of the colony. The class most affected is undoubtedly the artisan class. In some instances, to save house rent, two families have taken one house between them, and although the rents on all sorts of houses have been so considerably reduced the landlords have been unable in many cases to obtain their rent. ThiB is due in the majority of coses to the inability of the tenants to raise the money through having no work. In some cases a landlord allows a tenant to get a few weeks behind in the rent, and then on going to the house he finds it empty, the occupants having indulged in a " midnight marcn." Of oourse there is no excuse tor such treatment ajB this; but all the agents are agreed tbat the large number of houses empty and the difficulty, in getting the rent is caused in the majority of cases by the inability of the artisans to obtain work. The houses least affected so far as the rent iB concerned are three-roomed cottages, those which have become empty being mostly of a better style of building. For instance, bouses that were previously let for £150 per annum may now be obtained for £120. THE DESTITUTE ASYLUM. The relief granted to the families of steady men out of work at the Destitute Asylum has, according to Mr. Lindsay, been greater during the last six months than during any correspondingperiodfor the previous six years. Where the man is able-bodied the department bave no power to assist him personally, but his family has been helped, and indes-i in some cases ready respectable people have been saved from starvation by the timely aid given by the department. Since November 1, 1884, just about eighty families of artisans unable to get work have been temporarily relieved. Ihis may not appear at first sight to be very many ; but when it is understood that they were all tradesmen or labourers with good characters, who were absolutely reduced to the positron of having no bread for their children, their rent unpaid, and their storekeepers unwilling or unable to give them further credit, the matter assumes a rather unpleasant aspect. Tbe majority of these men were labourers, there being no less than 50 of that class who were relieved, but there were also 4 masons, 3 carpenters, 3 blacksmiths, 2 iron moulders, 2 shoemakers, 2 brickmakers, 1 engine-fitter, 1 engine-driver, 1 upholsterer, 1 saddler, 1 plasterer, 1 mathematical instrument maker, 1 tailor, an ex-policeman, a clerk, a plumber, a currier, and a painter. THE CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. " Yes," said Mr. Thompson, the Manager of the Adelaide Co operative Society{ " we have tangible proof of the depression in the decrease in the number of our customers. Some 2.000 people, mostly tradespeople, do business with us, and I should imagine that we bave lost between August and January last 150 workmen who were formerly connected with the stores. The distress, i regret to see, seems to have shaken the confidence of tbese people in the colony, and many oC tboee who have severed their connection with the etores have done so because they were leaving Sonth Australia to seek employment elsewhere. The rr.en so far have hoped on fighting against the bad times, but they seem now to be determined to make an effort on their own behalf in the other colonies. £ quite agree that so far as I have been able to ascertain the distress is greater now than it has been for years past." THE LNSOLVENCY COURT. The records of tbe Insolvency Court show that between September 1 and December I, 1884, labourers, 17 mechanics, U tradesmen, 9 farmers, and 17 persons who followed miscellaneous occupations were adjudicated insolvent. The return from December 1 to February 24 of this year is as follows:— Labourers 6, mechanics 4, tradesmen 14, farmers 12, and miscellaneous 16, or a total of 125 insolvencies from December 1 to February 24. 