\- -BKEViiTiag;^ : Mr. Bibbs Sim ill... Pr. Fortfesbneaead. ..-.-?- :???-.- Mr. Dalley indisposed. Britain and Eussia at peace. The Arab -will sot be quarantined. Ministerial trip to Waggappsfeponvd. . Mr. Critohett Walter better. Everyone glad Shook of earthquake in Tasmania, on Sunday morn ing- . . ? .£9220 in specie dispatched to Hongkong on Satnr -3av. ? ~ .. ' . Mr. T. M. Slatfery, M.L. A,, returned from Burrowa this morning:; '? .. - ?.'??.. Fourteen thousand bundles ' bananas arrived from Fiji yesterday; The^question How is, hovr trill that Veteran Swamp water'go with' whisky. ? . Australian-Port Jackson inquiry before tke Marine $oard this afternoon Massey is a great Egypto-pMo— as far, at least, as religious researches g-o. : - . , Cbiarini's circus was crowded on Saturday evening1, on the occasion of Professor Jackson's ' ben.' A miniature model of Blake's patent self-acting hydraulic ram pan be seen at work in the 3£xchang-e. Pean Hahony, of St. Mary's has been appointed to the Penrith mission. He mil leave Sydney this weak. Dr. O'H&raa.; will be the administrator of St. Kary's Cathedral di^&£ Archbishop Moran's absence jd Bnrope. ? . ? JohniToit, who was f onnd in the Botanic Gardens fcy one of the bailiSs on the 25th, died on Friday in the Sydney Hospital. List evening Gerald Massey 'challenged Bishop Barry to discuss with him the origin of Christianity fro'.a the Egyptian ritnaL The eight hours' system has been eeoured by the Coachmakers Society for the employes of the Sydney Tramway and Omnibus Company. Badnews comes from the domain. Ferry's voioe is increasing1 in timbre, and calibre, and ramje. He' split his favorite stamp with it yesterday. ' Waist not, want not,' said the young lady, who a.TinwEd ao liberties 'before marriaea. toiler bean as ho attempted to pot his arms around her. Tiie Ddke of Manchester arrived in England on April 21 in the Queensland mail steamer Qnetta. He proceeded to Tahdagree Castle, County Armagh. ?' Lobby,' in Truth, says that he wore a primrose button-hole last 'Primrose Day,' as a silent protest against the Tories annexing that modest little Sowar. Gerald Massey gave a splendid lecture last even ing on ' Man in search of his sonl.' It is described by manyxi,8 the best lecture he has' yet delivered in Sydney. .-, . . At a meeting of the electors of Gnndagai on Friday it was. ?unanimously resolved that the friends and supporters of Mr. James Watson, M.L.A. for the dis trict, do not desire his resignation. ' Australia's sons should boast no other patriot ism than to Australian soil; should want no other flag than that of Australia,' remarked Mr. Miller in the domain on Sunday amid applause. In an ' interview ' with a reporter, the Engineer s-Chief tries to 'lay' the water famine ghost. Qnery : Did the reporter interview Mr. Moriarfcy, or was it Moriarty that interviewed the reporter ? ' The iron grip of capital will soon have labor by the throat in this colony, if the working classes do not look out. Working men, stand shoulder to shoulder.' So said A. Miller in the domain on Sun day. I On Friday afternoon an inquest was held by the City Coroner on the body of Mary Driscoll, 27 years of age, who died suddenly in her residence Brisbane Etroet. A verdict of death from natural causes was [ returned. | Orator. Perry, in the domain on Sunday, yelled I out, 'What are we coming to?' What, indeed! Well, we are coming to such a pass that people will cot bo able to visit the domain if yon screech and yell any louder. H.M.S. Miranda and H.M.S. Nelson will go outside for a. -short cruise for gun practice. The former will probably leave to-day. They will be absent only for I a couple of days. I Commodore Erskine is in London. He was asked I whether he thought that Lord Carrington wonld like I Australia. His reply was brief, bat significant. It I vas, ' How can he help liking it ?' I Two combatants at Jackson's ' ben.' ' last Saturday I evening made such a ' show*,' of themselves by run [. -fling counter to all rules of boxiana or tournaments, I that 'many and loud were the expressions of dis I approval among the audience. I An ordinary meeting of the Marine Benefit I. Society will be held in the Society's Hall, corner I'rf Kent and Kinff streets, this evening. The I Justness is to receive stewards and treasurers' I reports, and admit new members. I ifad news for the LO.G.T. — Getting drank in times I of yore meant ascending to the spirit world ; and thn I Tree of Knowledge was nothing more than some tree I possessing intoxicating properties. At least bo we I infer from Gerald Massey's lectures. I On dit that the Post-offi.ee carvmffs are to be I utilised after all — and at the Macdonaldtows. railway I Etation. Hideous grotesqaeness 'was only out of I placo on a- handsome Duilding. On an ugly edifice it I Kill simply be the one thing needful, to crown the [ work. ? A private in the Soyal Marines stationed on board ths Aginoonrt, recently, was sentenced to six months' hard labor for having stolen a kidney. A fellow pri vate,' who got drunk and allowed a number of prisoners to escape, received *»'»- months' imprison ! meat'. - i Cetewayo, when in London, -was asked by & friend of Gerald Massey what the 'Zulus believed in. ' We believe in spirits and ghosts, because we se« them.' 'Don't yon believe in a God ?' he was asked. ' No,' lie replied, ** I do not ; because he has never demon strated himself to us.' A season ticket holder living up the line, and natu rally anxious on the subject, inquired on the morning of the 1st inst, for the new time table, at the Bedfern terminus. ' Aw, haven't got them yet. Have them 'boat next Tuesday.' When' will the people arise in their majesty, and slay these railway officials f A new time table issued by the Bail way Deparfc i Bent -came into force on the 1st lost. The times of departure of several of the trains have been altered, and some other trains have been discontinued. A meeting in .the Town Hall, Melbourne, on Friday night, resolved that a statue be erected to the late . General Gordon, and that an appeal for funds for the purpose be made to all classes of the community. j&WQ; were collected. It is estimated that the statue -will cost from .£20,000 to -£30,000. Somo of the good people of Eyde consider that un less they make application to Government to resume land in Syde for a court and watchhouse, and post and telegraph offices, &c.;, the G-l&desvillians; will take the wind out of their sails and get those buildings erected in their portion of the borough. | .After the ordinary meeting of the Bedfern Borough Council on Friday, the council went into committee I to consider the state of the finances. On resuming, I the Mayor reported that the deficiency was found to be about .£174, and that the committee had resolved I that the council-clerk's services be dispensed With. Scripture La the domain yesterday, Alfred Miller expounding :— Text, ** W.B. Dalley, his sins— Well fione, good and faithful servant. Enter then into a dukedom' — ' Verily, verily, I say nnto you he shall We his reward.. He shall have a little feather died red in Soudanese blood to stick in his hat, and shall tit on top of Parliament House and call 'himwflf Yankee Doodle I' .-; -? . . ; r ; !. ' :..*l ''??': -^ The following sentences were recently passed by .the Eecorder of - Liverpool «n ?'?&& same d»y jS^)' Eugene. Quihn,. Tor haying; gbofen Item ids employer jFS62, ' eight wwjwtJin* impriB6nm«int. : ' {&!) Bridget C. Thompson, for haying stolen * pair of Iboots, twelve months' . imprisonment' (84 Samuel PuiswlJ, for Uvirig stolen afowi, twelve months* imprijeoninent. Society, seven ftstabliBbmenis have beehanflnoed to grant tiieir employes Hie eight feonrs concession. There are stall two'5' shops ** whioh nave not*wiopted the eight-hours system, but as they only employ about two men each, it is expected that they 'will Voluntarily aooedfrio the wishesof icemen. - :; ' A ^conBHii^i^aaLtC' iwlito;;^gB»' '^?d*'** PM^'^H^ the street, «nch' as^c^ti.iiqCT; .;Mtfia^^l^5es^|^i: toade pnnishablo. LaBHy, heav»rs6KBtt^3i* soniawer-; leaa Indian ind C9nn«» sniifrkiSaB 'Mrh- ataMa^wi^-, outlioenkes.'-, /:iir '?'.?? '.;,i*.: .'.'';. ., '.'-''? '.'''.''.'?.'''?'?*?,?. We ninHt ' jrejpj^j.09r;.*1|-3y/ a^atej* $» ^Biap.; jhtf; paragraph. - . It : got into. iyp« ?OT'*ome -j|nutmpt *utt' the printer. w»s ieqae^^mA^i^\^^iuM felled to'-dB.Jsb'fTT-:-^-.- -??:?'' '' ??''S.i-. : »?;-&.? -i- '??''-'?':'* :-'- '-?,' 