NEWS AND NOTES. The "souttle" policy is to be again applied tp the Soudan. The Egyptian frontier is to be fixed at Wady Halfa. The expedition to Kowr toum is to be abandoned, and the British troops withdrawn,sosoon.os th'dlJJUe boßinsantSuffi'-i’ oiently to permi tuftheirtraasportby water, la ■making thiaannouncemeatin the mans, on,:Monday, the. Marquis of jHartingion gaidendeavoars.wonld;.naVartheleBa,.bemado toj establish aatable- government 'at > Dongola;'- and that-tbe railway'along the; Nil# would* be coin*’ 'plated. The- SuakiD to 'Mj BerMr -rallway 'n6t b9iug farther proceeded with. The most interesting part of the intimation is that Baskin will be held unli!iarrangamentav.ha»e, been, oomplatei-for. its • oooupaiion by a civilised Power. Whether the' .stated; . . An arrangement' fi»a been ‘arrived at .with Russia which, 1 Earl' Granville' 'deolarad ; to be satisfactory'to GreaPßritaib, 1 to Russia' 'and to ..the Governor-General-of -India, -The vote .of insure , proposed ,by Sir Stafford Northooto was 'rejeoted'bjr-tha Housa of Commouaon'Mohday, a.majority of SO yotes. i !r->Oar Melbourne '.’correspondent _'Writes:—“lt is important: to -mineownera to re* collect that if-they do not—spend their proper jtjons of the prospedting'rote -before -the close of , thefinar.oial year, 30th. Juno, 'the, amounts will lapse. Mr LaTioo 'haa ' prouiiscd away more money than he b id bathe : Estimates, andooo sequently muat eooDomiae. Tlieae lapsed amounts %ay possibly -be ra-vbted,' but*for that purposa ■they willhavato wait jnntil thanext.yaarV Estimates are passed, which may not be until hear the end of 1885, and meantime there will he no money for the mineowners.” ... DrMoSutwaslast night unanimously elected honorary physician to the Young' Men’s .Christian. Association of Ballarat. The interlocking system, which was intro- duced at the Lydiard street railway gates on Monday, promises to work admirably. Indeed, it works very well now, no hitch of any kind having yet occurred. At first a little incon- venience was caused by the circumstance that the signalman, by giving the “ line clear” signal to the Eastern station, closed the Lydiard street gates on the approach of the Melbourne trains. Such was, of course, altogether unnecessary, and productive of vexatious delays and blocks to the vehicular traffic. This, .however, has now been altered, so that the gates are only closed for the western traffic, as heretofore. ■ There appears now to be no doubt that the Hr Yallanoe supposed to have been' lost in the (chooser Windward is the genial'old resident'of the -Ballarat district, - so - well 'known l at -the Corner;’where bis personal physique was so often, sdmired. A Melbourne journal mentions that, vith regard to' the wreckage’ 'which was tele graphed aa having, been found .at Qneenaoliff a. day or two ago, there are reasons for believing .that if may belong to the schooner Windward, •is which Mr W. Vallupca, the'lessee of "King’s Llnnd, and his family left on their way to tbe island recently. This vessel bad such goods aboard as it was stated -bad-been-found; and it is not known, that, the Dagmar.whiohit •was supposed ’.may Iharo been lost, had any sich| on board. : Should ; these, surmises be correct, general' regret . will doubtless be expressed throughout this, distriot at the ' aid fate,met with-by Mr VaHanoe and hia famity." Mr Magor, ofSturt .street, a relative of Mr Val-. lance; says that although nothing authentic is yet to hand abouttha wreck of the Windward,' he believes that it is probable tho jovial..old. Ballarat- citizen has perished in the schooner named, as the floating cargo found on; the coast I leads' him. to that supposition. Yesterday Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, M.L.A., thoughtfully despatched a telegram to the, Commissioner of Customs, asking if there was any-information. to.hand of the supposed wreck of the Windward, and also enquiring if the department'intended takingstops'to'asoertain the truth' or otherwise of the reported' foundering of the schooner. No reply had.coma to hand up to a late hour last night; hilt it is expected that a telegram will be received -from Mr Langridge this morning.- Our Sandhurst correspondent last bight wired: —“ A' general meeting of the Miners’ Association was held to- night to bear an explanation from Mr G. Williams,. president of the A.M.A., re garding tbe Bethianga look-out. There were 80 "Mr Williams made a lengthy, ,'address,' pointing but that the formation of tbs branch was commenced, merely for benefits in case of accidents, and not in opposition to 1 tbe company, and ..the only intimidation attempted was by the company. He gave some, rather startling figures' with -regard to shephsrding - leases.by"Mr- Wallace, and- severely dealt with the Mining Department for obstructing,the as sociation in this.matter. He was well received,- land' a resolution': was. unanimously carried, urging the Mining, Department to see that tabor covenants are complied'with in the Bsthanga distriot." , ", /,.. ./ ' A constable on the night shift in the city was almost frightened out off his wits .at 3 o’clock yesterday morning, through moating a ghost in Drummond - street, near the Hospital. The policeman, according to the story, was proceed ing slowly alongdn the darkness, thinking tbe. “Rooshian” question over, when suddenlya tall,, Galatea-like figure, dressed in white, came op to. him noiselessly. Halting with military precision,- the constable,,a young man, who no doubt has heard; his parents tell many, a Tipperary ghost story,' said “ Good night. Miss.” - The figure did not move, nor was- an answer' given to the salutation,'' The -guardian, wa 'are informed, ! then exclaimed, “ Lnok. here, my good woman, if youjdon’t get home- with .yourself this hour of the'mbrniog I’ll look you up.” Upon this, the speotr'e-like form : wriggled about and went .up, ; it is said, several feet into the air. The constable I now.became alarmed, and finally mastering up courage, be said, “ If yon are a living 'person belonging to this'earth, speak.” I, The ghost j did not speak. However, but, instead, it flitted away linto spacer Aa soon as possible- tbe agitated man in bluoworkod his-boat towards J the oeptrebf.the bity, and informed a couple off bis comrades of what he had seem- One comrade suggested that they should go back and again interview the spirit, but the constable in ques tion said' be'bad “enough of ghosts for one night.’* ' There'i» one thing that appears certain, and tHat is that the man did encounter a female dressed in white at;3 o’clock yesterday morning, ' and that upon'his .speaking to her ho; reply was giyoa.The womaa .was.evideatly a somnambulist, 'and had risen from.hsr bed to -walk abroad. '■ Ratepayers-who value their right .to exercise, the franchise Ohould boar in mind that they must pay their-rates-on or before the 10th. June; After : that date all'defaulters will be debarred from voting at the annual municipal elections in the following, August.:... i.Vf The members ;of the Town'Council-will to* night make 1 a tour through BalUrat ’ East,- ia : order j to -rearrange and redistribute the various public] lamps,'"-The -representativos will 'subse quently meet in committee And draft a report of their decisions. It may be added that a couple of extra lamps in Bridge street would facilitate pedestrian - traffic- daring the. lato hoars in the night,-and several additional ones- in the lower portion of tbe Main road would materially lessen the chances of .people being assaulted and robbed in the.“classic locality.” . . ; Two Chinese were within an ana of having a pugilistic encounter in Bridge street yesterday afternoon. sTho disturbance was brought about - in this' way. Celeatial No. l was-procsedisg up the street, when'.a facetious' draper followed him';' stealthily, and pinned an advertising bard,' board ing tbe words ,!f Our-Governor,”-on hie back, The.peopls inths street, notsoing John -carrying the placard about; made'merry at'his expense,, and at ;.tHis .stage,' Mongolian No, 2 came upon tbe scene, seeing that his fallow-countryman Had made the viotim of a joke, inforaed j him off thej'oauao of the merriment among .the I crowd: *• Our- Govornor”’hereupon went through ■ various - contortionist movements in order to . reach the placard ,which.be had been, told was bn his back, andijot fidding it. be became enraged, and placing himself' In. attitude in front of Celestial No.- 2 1 ’ W6ri6d bat, “ 'What for make' fool off 08.1 Jaugh at kourself.” The Ibud laughten and jbstling bf £e crowd brought ;'tb., the; spotCoDstableT.TriahoGwho. restored order; ' In rpsponse t*'ao invitation froßaA number of Aua tralian ■ 'Ndtines,-' of pre- ; ’ viously ‘held 'a. preHminary ,meeting;’; .and, who wished for-nMoa-iDtormatioa io bonneotiba! with \- 'Mr 1 Tyadbok;'' ‘prbeident- bf 'the'- -bqsad; J. a Veiaber ot Jthe' b‘bard, u and' al urge' nnmtiec bfviaitora .from thesMarSLbpr.onghfhranob,' juarneyedibo im-: ' part ihnl desired--infarmatiao..- The TowkHeUl' had bean engaged for the a; large iand infelHgeht '• gathiring of''Natives,•?'wlth.f^ 1 'tprinkbnstvof - thq, old; pioneers, .of the distrjqt;; : oasesabled to Hear wjhat tbe.vintora hWd duniffeate.. Mr. Rarrett^.solicitor, volbd'j‘to’ ‘’the ißhair,’ " introdn(iad .'Mr v .Peaooot, who in a jengtiw and plained tha .oHjee& of the,association; ,oMc.- \- Dudley, -of -Msryboroagb, and-Mr:Wbeal;- larat,' alsb ' addtesMd the meetiag, - and'tha-ffe-".{ [ marks -of the various speakers evoked ‘the-j .greatest ebthosiasm After a large number. of‘l | questiou Hod been satisfutorily answered', Mr-1 I footoi ffianoger,. .of. the: Bqqfc - South I ■ Vitim, moved a' reeolntioo that n.bnnob“of the.. . •>* . . • ,SOr>T*-K' .’rj' ,-.t «i5.- • . y ' •. • *• wm carried” war; then »d*: ; WBSflj grants charter. .Tbl*. ' ThS’vidtor* ana piMff pie|pßMnViUtioh of the chairman, and 'after -a plesmnt cheer* of the Dnnolly at.tho Town Court ;SPteterdjlypnttpa with two inebriates. Thin ww,|to- cn|y bnSftyfore the benah. BoaiiHful 1 y^finiatlier prevailed yesterday, anti the warm isUhe induced hundred* of person* to protade in. the vicinity of the at tharious. other place* of • public . x Mr D, MaovwJ?., who met withan;»ooident bni Saturday lastaow doing well. /Mrs Swute., .wife_otnMt SwifthacbßmistjWho-WM^ipjared^ ’th ro u gh’’ th ebaji ngof aT Vohi bl ©7'i 3 ■ we. regret tollearn, at prte id Vbritibar'oondition, hay dug last nightsaiedarelspse.' " t\ Mr Hugh Rrty, proprietor, of the. St. ■Mungo hotel, is jut to build a two-storey hotel on the north-w oornor of Lydiard and Mair a treats. The soture wilt be of stone and brick, and the Ming will be carried on under , the supervision! Messrs James and Cos., Carchiteots. ! Of ail[the strae things for a thief to walk off ahot; think i a hire lull of bees;was the strangest. u VMrßradshaW’ of-Clarendon, reports that onlaturday night, some person . invaded his gard and took therefrom a gin case containing bees idhouey_ot_the value often ' /shillings. If cbeie iee ha* no stings for that mean thief, let ihopa the bees haye. ’" Women are stnge critters,, asArtemuß Ward would say. (Ves'rday-onV of- them' called- at “the City natohhae to obtain a warrant for the recall of her errit husband. The wandering and erring one, iseems,'has not ;been.aear his ’ home since Janni-y/TSSO, and the wife of his. -bosom is just teganing to yearn for one more ■look at hia wdl-rinemberad faoe and one more fond embrace; as in days gone ty7 Let ua hope that the guinifans of the law will be able to lay their bands an the absent one, ther more par ticularly so is the State Has,at ‘ present to sup port and educate two of his children at the , Industrial Schiol. .. . .. ,r . ~ Mr 'Kogars.'oV Batkly ’streetl Ballarat "Eist, who was; oho of > the : victims : of the Creswiok - ooaoh aooMant, is. sttu oonfiaed-to-bisbed. His injuries are not trivial, as was at first antici pated. The horse of a Buninyong cabman yesterday bolted in the Main road, and made off in the direction of the new Post-office. Mr Lindsay raoed after the rnnaway,_-. and; 'pluokily brought itt) aatandstill juat aa.it .was about to bring thacibinto collision with a lamp-, -pqat. a ' JL,^-:, .--‘*'' i. Jo ' ’’ _ It wilF no doubVleteresb those players who srd proposing to start.this week for Sydney, to know that Mr Wo. latde, the honorary'secretary of the Ballarat District Bowleraf Association, yes terday received a wire from Sydney stating that the (following matches will be played next week: 4bTbe first match will be played in Sydney, and will ba an association one; on Tuesday there will .be, and club match at Parramatta; on Wednesday at Armidale; on Thursday .at Bosebill; op Fri -dayi at' 'Sydney;’ on Saturday a picnic will be given, and on the- following- Monday the final match wilt come, off at .Balmain. About 20 .bowlers are representing'Ballarat' East had West, Creswiok, Chinos, Learmonth, and Geelong.' 'Se veral' of ‘ our local members of Parliament- and- - ladies will 1 accompany- the ■ party. The sale of gifts and promenade concert in aid of St. Andrew’s Sunday school were continued yesterday afternoon and evening; The attend anceon each occasion was very good, that in the \- evening being a) mast equal to the opening night. .The-ladies who’presided atjthe.various stalls did a thriving business, and their efforts should cer tainly result in a substantial addition to the funds-of tha school.; The shooting gallery, under, the. superrisidn of Mr Phil; Murray, proved very attractive to the boys-'and-prdfitable to the oom ■ mittee.. Tire church choir,-under the leadership, of Mr McDonald, rendered a number of choruses, in excellent style, Miss ‘M’Dowall presiding'at the piano in her usual efficient manner. The sale will be continued to-day. The City lookup last night contained three occupants—William Quinn, drunk and dis orderly;: Thomas Fay, arrested for insulting behavioep-and Thomas Bullock, brought in- from Bungaroa on a charge of vagrancy. . About 8- o’clock last' night, as Constable ' Maguire was patrolling round the Haymarket, looking for some young “spalpeens” for whom' be had been requested to- search, be heard a crash as of breaking glass. ' Looking round he saw that one of the street lamps had been broken,: and at the'same time noticed a lad of about eight or ten summers running away. The. constable followed him; and after an exciting chase succeeded in catching the little fellow, Who was taken to- the City Isokup, where his mother subsequently became surety for hie ' appearance at Court on Friday morning. ■ - A lad named Hugh Kad cliff, residing in Dana street, sustained a nasty wound on the lip yesterday, by being kicked by . a:horse at cattle yards. Hh attended at the Hospital, where the wound was dressed.., 1 Senior-constable Moran- and Cbnatable Healey, yesterday arrested a man named William Groves nt- tbe cattle-yards, on a charge of cattle stealing. The prisoner, who is a drover,- 1 is charged with stealing one bullock,, the property of Henry Morris, in the Western district- Ho will appear this morning at the City Pblice Court. The arrest was made in 'consequence of a telegram received from Koroit on the previous evening. The stolen’bullock was in the. bands of Messrs O'Farroll and Son, for sale at the yards. /The residents of the northern" portion of Soldiers Hill, that which, comes within the boundaries of Bungareoshire;, are at present but’ ill supplied with, water, a fact which probably acts as a drawback against the closer settlement of. the locality. The water oomnussion’s males have not been extended along the streets, as owing to the scattered- nature of the place it lias.been- considered that the outlay would not be repaid. The extension of these mains would, no doubt, be a boon .much, prized by the inhabi tants, and- would have the eSbot of increasing the value of‘property in. the neighbourhood. The matter has been recently taken up by the Bungareeshire Council, at'the instance of the west riding members. It was at first suggested that the west riding mightbe allowed to raise a loan of £lOOO in order to reticulate the streets, the mains to be sold tp the-Water Commission at any future time when they might wish to take them over. The general feeling of the council was against allowing one riding- to take dp a loan, and- rather ia favor ota- loan of £3OOO being floated by .the council, oat of their share of which the west riding might earry out the scheme. The first formal resolution to raiso the loan was-moved by Ct Richards, seconded by Cr Lord, and carried at the meeting, of-: the council yesterday. ? The miniature full-riggedi ship which for Va long while ornamented the-, table in the Bene -valent Asylum Boardroom: was 'last night re moved, Mr Lakeland;, a. member of . the. Orphan Asylum, committee,: ■■ having purchased- 1 the model, which was made by an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum—an. “-bid salt.” The tiny craft was purchased for;£l’,.and it is considered that Mr Lakeland-has-in. the-ornament an article worth, at least’ six times the amount. ‘ " \- The Orphan Aaylum.bommi-ttee met last’nigbt.’ ’ present—Mr Jl. Ferguson, . president, in ■ the, chair; Messrs Dyte, Lakeland, Curtis, Richards,’ -Thompson,. Hi Josephs, Fitzpatrick, Malloy, Fitzgerald, Glenn, Chamberlain, M’Kee, Martin, andßrophy.. Among the correspondence read was' a letter from Mir Alexander Sharpe, stating that if- the committee got ap a concert on behalf \- of l the institution, he would donate 190 pieces of- tinware to be given- as prizes on the art union 'principle at the Baidioonoort,also an accordion and two-cash prizes- of £1 each.—Received, and left in' the; bonds ofche president. A commu nication', was also-, read; Jkom Mr J. Dunatan,, offering, the,servioeepf the. Variety Troupe in .’an . entorteinmebt ’on behalf of the Asylum.— Left in the hands of the- president. The house committee’s report dealt, among other things, with the number of inmates of ■ the institution (4£>-girls, 63 boys); and also referred, to the tenders which bed; been Ist for ipjproyementa’at the Asylum.. These, which will dost'about £1000; have been-already enumerated in The Oar: ■ Aooouats amounting to £219 7a 5d were .recommended ter payment: Mr Dyte’s unties -of motion, vis-.,. “ That tho future general meet ings of the- house committee be held at the Benevolent .Asylum, boardroom in-- lien of tbs . Orphan Asylum;” having been ruled out of order* a number of applications were dealt with, and the committee adjourned. . A good doal of discussion took place at the. .Orphan Asylum committee last night over the. questioay “ What is a oaae of emergency?” The. \- question, arbso through Mr Josephs asking'that certain children be admitted to the ibstitntioh,.' as thdfetherihad -been kiUod in ajnine, andltho qoabie..to.support them. , MvQyta. failed to saq bow tho case was an emergensy pne, and bn-further •bhsidbred'lhat’ the Usual' notices, and rules should be-”adbered to', When ‘the 1 dieoußsion _bad :oanoluded one..membeivof oomW , mittee remarked it was aickqning that suqh a.lok of talk should take place^’-pypr nbtbinW“ . .The matter of fortdne-telling' again dropped ’op.in the board room, • Camp street,- last night*- [ biit tha reference by each gentleman was made \- io a' jocose manner.' -Nothing woald have' been heard.of the “ mysterious business” - bad' it not beeh for the fact th&ta; nuiqbeFof gebtleateo in’ '■ tbe-mseting (that of the Orphan Asylum com :pa?tte«) "oi’n connected with the management of .thy" Benevolent Asylum. Me- Fitzgerald hums -'rdusly remarked that Mr Curtis had got him into tronbjs over the fortune-telling and the l-mVstaries of tho pjther< I wo*ldriand, tberefoie 1 . ho ■iwiouldi have nothing: more to'do with Mr 'Several gentlemen joined ..in ,tb» merriment pqoasipned by the allusion made, but the chair ’ man qheoked the disousaion, and the busihess of the (meeting was proceeded with. Tho Cily Banoh was obonpied yesterday morn •bfg by Messrs Qhller and- Fitagerald, J’s.P. A man namad Charles Williams was' fined £2, with 2s.’fldi oo*U, for drunkenneuif at -the Western /railway *lBllOO. One other inebriate, who had become elated in a less dangerous locality, was dealt with in x way. -William Nash, charged with' made dW o( cifioehe Usffoai* In ApaWto pUo*, 'itoM&o; in> dehalt fourteen d»yrf ’lmprf»(mwmt, ogt»rt Spencer, on nnikJhia jßjgo a -The'-Woh Scored Mm pnlg» to contribute 10* wps” or hisnhildren, hi* wl*o«S»Wi«|M w with Uanneo u i female. John Butler was aw of obscene h««W of \- pasting in £2. in default fourteen dsyr i«t|a»onmont was infliotod. Tbs hearing of a iiatimr of debt onffAj concluded the basinets. The monthly meeting of the committee of the .BaUarat- Llcansed^-ViotualUraV-AMOciation-waa; held Pro- , : It»in,,(prwdßnt)r J ln 'the chair; -Messrs Brabaer, Hi’or,' Bvahs, Bentley, New -rehj-'Day.John -Noonan,-Warrenpand Tha principal portion vf;th*'huBineto:WM‘njoroly . routine. ._Tha.Eight.BoaraLDomanstrationcoin-- mittae sent a letter, ttankihg the committee for their liberal .donation to prise fund of late sports. Accounts wen passed for .payment, and it 'was decided that a deputation from the society interview the Minuter of Customs re garding several mattenaflaoting the trade. At. the -Beaufort! Efiioa iOourt on JMonday (before Mr J. C‘. Thomson, P.M.)-Joseph Fresher v Thomas Bat’i; case struckpat, neither party appaaring.-Corstable Martin v,J. Chin nery, indecent languagv ‘Prom the oridenoo of the constable it appeared that-the offence took, place on the 30th April on the publio road, near Mrs Frushei’s hotel, Waterloo. - The defendant asked for ah adjournment in order to produce evidence to refute the charge, and tba case was adjourned till 18th May.-- tConstablo Fitzpatrick v George Taylor and 0. Phillips, cutting tin her on Crown land witbit a license; fined 5s each, with 2s.6d.,costa in iaoh (due. Sap.e-y Albert- Tayitrr and' H. Wddi, removing timber frdm Crown lands withoita license; the former was fined 6s, with 2s 61 costs, and the latter 10s, with 2s 6d costs. The license for the Commerical hotel, Waterlook, was transferred from Joseph Woods to C. J Martin. G Carver was allowed another month to complete the erection of new premises on the site of Mitchell's family hotel destroyed by fire, and for which he held the license. "’’ . , During the weekended 7th May the sum-of £45,074 ISsdd.vvaj received, pa the Tjfiotqrian. against'dl,-IoB~4s lOd for tha cor respdndiog weBkin[^t,year.j/;-t;-;:.;t-.-;<,-.c;‘; Wa;-renrind"'OUr readora, that Mr Alfred Dampier's' Dramatioompahy'wilibpehan Mod day evening next iiShakespeare’s. tragedy,of “ Hamlet.” 'ln thiB iiaraoter soma aevan yoara .ago; Mr lumpier mat. . before a Syd ney audience,"; At [tvt time . hisl engagement "was for two'wedks, base great" was theauocass that the season extided to seven months. -'During that period MDsmpier played a round of his favoritecharadrs‘-to" splendid I ?bouses, but'every.Friday, management, hadannounoed •* Hamit ”-the house was filled early, and a • few mintes after 8 o'clock the cards bung ‘at 'tha.dfarent- entrances pro claimed tha .faet tha there , was “ stand ing ■ room -only.” a tho pieces-'will be changed each eveningthe ' play-goers will be treated to a pleasing rarity.-- During the season : Mr Dampier .will appear.Ltwo.pieces written by Mr :F. R. Hopkins—l‘All' Jor Gold” and “ Michael Strogoffi”—boh of wbioh have won a' European dame for cirCJonial author., Another ' gentleman universal!? Inown in Australia,''Mr JulUaThomaaC'TheTtgabond.”) will hayoono. of i his' pieces represatai, viz.,! ■“ and Russia,” wbioh in-Sri (burst'caused -quite a furore, the patriotic seitinonta' embodied .ip the drama rousing the enthißasm bf .the audien'cß; The talented artises, Signor and Signora Majeroni, whohave eon; delighting - Ballarat audiences' during’ the'past : fortnight;" will to night take a well-d Academy of Music," ~the T -"' occasion ■ being' their last appearano at _ preaenti.in this city. -A -splendid- Hi—has—been - provided for this evening, ;Oonsislng ef the great military drama entitled, “ Ffiedship; or,-The Two Ser geants,” andthebrilliat comedietta, “ A Kiss,”. The 'ilajoronis -wili- apaar in-bbth piebes, i Bup- ; ported by the fall stregth of their- company, and as the performances under the patronage of the mayor of the fity (Mr - A. T,. Morrison), Lieutenant-Colonel Smtbp and . other leading citizens, a crowded hone may be anticipated, A meeting of theponulttee appointed , by. the | Ballan Shire Council b deal with matters in connection with rabbit extirpation (writes our < local correspondent) wsabeid in the shire Hail on Saturday afternoon; Crllaka in the chair.- The various.sub- inspectors roorted that landowners and occupiers were, wth- a few exceptions, doing their best.to oarrj out. the.:requirements of the Rabbit‘Act, and in- most .oases satisfao-- torily. Id reference to tie correspondence dealt with at the last council nee ting relative to the destruction of rabbits in faa Tcegothnan Estate, East Ballan, it was rescind that Mr D. Stewart, the lessee, should employ his own men to destroy . rabbits on that estate, sutjfot to the supervision of the inspector, the aoootnts to be paid-through' the council. Mr Dugald Maopheraon. of-Bun- j geeltap, who has 18-man at'work destroying rabbits, wrote; complaining of the'extraordinary _ quantity of fallen dead timber on .the Buogal Common, adjoining his property, which timber is a complete .cover for-the rabbits, and. he | pointed out that it was-impossible for him to eradicate the- pest on bia-'own- land while the common was thus infected. It was decided to put nine men to workoathe Bengal common, and the committee considered that the fees for depasturing stock thorn. should be raised, -The chief inspector, Ur J, Hi. Fetter,, was instructed to continue to enforce the Rabbit Suppression Act with the utmost strictness. . Mr. B. B. Mogg, of Taloak Vale, expressed his surprise at the rapid decrease of rabbits on his property in the short time that bad elapsed since operations were commenced. At the Soarsdale Police Court on Monday youth, named William Abbott, was charged ; by Constable M'Cormacic with insulting behavior in a publio; place. . The 1 evidence went’, to show that the, defendant, .with a number of other lads, had been indulging in the noisy and time honored-custom of “ tin-kettling ” a nawly wodded pair. Mr Hnmpage, who appeared for , the defence, maintained that the charge could not lie, not'being "capable’of proof; and the I bench, no doubt remembering that ‘‘boys will be boys,” took a lenient view of the matter, and dismissed the ease.—lh tha case Graham y Walker, the defendant was charged with having on the 18th April last, cruelly wounded a goat, the property of tba plaintiff. .Mr Hookley ap peared for the plaintiff, and Mr Humpago for defendant. After hearing the evidence, which was not of a very conclusive character, the bench dismissed the case.—Si Sharp v J. Smith, £9 15s, rent. Mr Humpaga appeared for the de fendant, and objected that Linton, and not Soarsdale, was the proper place to have the case, heard, as Piggoreet, where the notion arose, was a mile nearer to the former - court. After con sideration the: bench, decided to' postpone the case for a. week tonsoive the problem. . The pre siding magistrates were Messts.R. Bell and H. Procter, J’s;P. ' At the Smythesdaie Police Court yesterday one case from’ Haddoa was set down for adjudication, but Constable .Ofippa having slated that, the summons had not been served on the defendant, ' the time for hearing was extended for a week. ' C. Hardy, proprietor of a small .store in Halifax street, Adeiaide;.,was seized on -Saturday i last : with an apoplectic-fit, and in less- than four hoars was dead,.. On. Monday .morning, while the' corpse was awaiting burial, Mrs Hardy was con-.' fined of a son.. In the afternoon; just before the -departure- of the funeral cortege, the nurse, who was engaged to attend Mrs Hardy had a fit, and fell withisuoh violence as to out .-her head so severely that very little hopes are entertained of her recovery. It is only two months since. Mr Hardy’d father died at Mitoham. .There are now seven young children left fatherless. - The; Geographical Society of Australasia are now busy completing the "arrangements for the early despatch, of their expedition foe the explo- Tatidn of- Ifew Guinea, They bai>e;.'recoivad about 150lapplieations: for .appointment on ■ tbe expedition. Tbe post-of leader-bos been con ferred on Captain H. E. Evarill, 'and within a few days the remainder of the party will pro babiy.be appointed. - The Boblia Service Commissioners have under, consideration the question of appointing an in spector oh stores in the place,of the late Mr Bblam,. At hew- aompany, entitled Musical .Exty change,. Limited,” has : been established; ini’ London,, with a, capital of £20;000.; Colonel’.' Henry.- 'is [the managing’direotor, and> Mr Alfred Moul, formerly efi Melbourne, is. the. secretasy. ■■ . ■ Tha-sale of horseflesh as’.beef for human food (pays.au exchange) has become so large : at- Mhn-; Chester that a local government enquiry wna held; , these-recently to considsirrthe'question of invest ing the corporation with,power ,tQ impose edndi tieAand control tbg sale, by.registrationvrif the -■plaoes where it is aold, or in othar ways, it being f reposed among other things that labels should .be attached to the meat stating that it ta-horae 'flesh. ; ; ; ; 'y' ’ ‘ Mr Service has, at tire request of [ the, Gordon Memorial Committee; consented to take- part: in. the publio meetingrw£ioh ia to be held) regarding the memorial in the Melbourna TowniHall. [ : ' A.postal money order and -eavingabank office is to be open»d( at Port.Gampbalii .on the lStb Some peoplft 'e-Tidphtly ' valu’ahloa lying about in a very qarelesslVMy.ipossiblj .they are so abundantly suppUad -'thaV the* don't easily! miss ona.or.two... SuoKlwe lahouda -think . was the ease withMr.Marsh, of .Csstlemalae, who has just, reported to the police," that" be' lost's watob some.time betweaA, the-3rd.-and 9th of May,!- That’s the nesrett he-can-get to it. The I wateh which was not* in use was' left lying on a bedroom tablel and' tbe peraeh who*/took it is supposed to have raised; the .window from the oatside. - The obyions moral ' is don’t laava your i watch lying on the. table, ,yoa dg, ba oara |il to fasten your window.' " • The Arjus, referring to the new :< railway ap pointment.- ' iaye:—''The question " naturally occurs, how is it that ao many yeara after tha establishment of railways in this, colony there oannit bo found' ’ throughout" the (looombtiva braneb, which ecgpioys some 9600 men, a solitary individual ■aht.wenqg to < tha dosoriptW of tha a 'result *nJPi*- p fa the font a!L!? M r ooHaagnea hate «Ircad?!!‘ #»• to furnish all the facum!! 1* t^ >0 T er *&&W;* ortb r J^oe^ah t&e; eeiyioo to rfeaAom ths ranks, bat hilhLt b^“#:??P ort'inity 0 rt'inity for *yfaLlS£ tp goftum theSipoh to the pattern and draWfa! man of ml 0 » nl ib t nision into their ranks from the men ofifiother. The rules of the fitters would nnt •How an engined riser to take his place at th. bench in their workshop; and, on the other band the rnlea of the enginedrivers effectually nrerimJ a fttterfromqualifyiug- himself as the driver!* a lpoomotiya. .Jf .that boa fair representation S system which hero obtains, itr is hardly saV prising to find that a positldn~whioh* requires » -o- every • section of tho locomotive branch should,have to be filled by tho appointment, of, a mah whbse experience fa! been gftieoa elsewhere.*^ Beferring-to the .amalgamation of the Clnno. and- Talbot Agricultural Societies the LeaiZ remarks:—.'The birth of the new society hhakit nessed the retention* in office of it president /w. Albert ,Bucknall), a fact that we believe will Mr Bucknall has shorn ’his groat aptitude for the position, ghd on all occasions :has spared neither time nor money in the performance of his duties. The compliment therefore, paid.-Mr Bucknall by electing thd sbdietyVfirst president is a fitting one'on the part.of.the subscribera, and his acceptance of it a guarantee that the ofhce will be worthily filled. Of the vice-presidents, no one who has wit neasad . the unwearied and successful efforts of Mr John Drife.for the Glunes society will doubt thait afaore suitable choice could , have bean made; whilst jUjUr. Henry !' Robinson ha has a colleague who has won his spurs as a manager of many years standing. In the secretaries, Messrs Hardy and Terrill, the society may hare erorv confidence. Both are men of experience and with the committees elected: from year to’vear to supervise their work, there is little doubt that in future it will be as efficiently performed as fa the past. An early start of the current year's ‘proceedings baa bean made, the dale of the show fixed, and arrangements made for the issue of a prize list. This latter work should be pushed on with all ifassible despatch, both in the interests of tba society and that of the exhibi. torSjtWho naturally take the Grand National as the, show from which their route for the season is laid out. The large and influential committee ' appointed on Saturday scarcely need reminding • that a vast deal of work fa before them.” * Tho "S-ißsians are congratulating themselves upon the friendship of the Shah of Persia,'a sig. -nificant fact at the present moment. AMos cow paper.gives an interesting account of the camp of the Grown Prince of Persia, who is at present engaged in repressing the bands of robbers who have lately worried the inhabitants upon the Bdssien boundaries. The “good ser vice which the Prince of Persia is thereby ten dering to Russia’’ is highly extolled. His camp consists of about 2000 cavalry, with its band and a battery, and. is. at present upon the River Seraka/anameotten recurring in the Bast, bnt one at the m .mont not of pleasant sound to English ears. The break of day fa announced by the cannon and music,, the whole service of the prince - rising at this signal. Bis spare time is occupied in hunting. Tha dinner is announced by a salute of tha battery, and during the meal the.band of the camp; plays the Persian March or some favorite, Persian airs. Prom this spot the oamp is to.be moved to Ghadshi-Chill, oppo site the Russian Dohewat, The harem accom panies the prince. While he haa been in tho district; the bands of robbers have entirely dis appeared. “In fact,” concludes the Motcov Journals “the Prince of Pin-fa, tha future Shah, is acting in such a manner that we can only be greatly thankful to him.” . The following appears in the Aye:—“A meet ing of the Ipoked-out miners was held at the Bethanga Hall on Friday last,, when-the report bribe meeting of the shareholders of the Wallace Company was read, and surprise was expressed at the assertions made: by Messrs Wallace and SohliphtibgV--Mf-Gi-Williams I .the president of the association,. was present, Mr Sbhlichting bad stated- that ho met about 60 1 minors at Bathauga, and that they wanted reduced honrs. The men denied that they hsd seen him, or that they! wanted shorter hours. They also stated that they would npt again wait on Mb Wallace, ini consequence of the way he had received them. The meeting expressed appreciation of the efforts of Messrs DAvid Syme aud-Bhrtram to bring about a settlement, and claimed- nothing from the company but the right to jjiin-aunion. The men also denied Having used intimidation’ towards non-union men. The meeting was orderly bnt firm; AH works are completely sus pended, and the appearance of Mr Williams on the sceue has given the men encouragement. There are now over 60 bo the look-out list, and the branch now -numbers over 109 members. It fa reported that Mr Wallace has obtained a sus pension order from-the Minister of-Mines.”' The rates for the carriage of woolen the Vic torian Railways-are being revised-for the next wool season by- the-Railway. Commissioners with a view to a more equitable scale of charges being adopted. An Argtts • cablegram- stales that Mr H. M. Stanley has been appointed- Gbverabr of. ths territory on the Congo which fa subject to the African International Association, Monday’s Bendigo ifndeperuUni'thva refers toa 'well-known Ballarat vocalist at present on a pro fessional tour: r-“ During the rendering of a selection by tho ; choir at tha Catholic Church last evening, Mr Alfred Santley,. who sings the ballads at Hugo’s Buffalo Minstrels, gave the ‘ Pro : Peooatis,’ ’ from ' 1 ‘ Stabat Mater.’ Mr Santley acquitted himself very woll-fadeed. His splendid baritone voice was heardrto great ad vantage, . and favorably. impressed' those pre sent.” ; v The referring to-a Ballarat industry, says:-^* 1 On Saturday wo.were-afforded ' the opportunity of inspecting aspeoimen of the' handiwork of Mr F/Hbwarth, of'Bidlarat, who, as-our readers are aware,- is the first in the colony to manufacture vertical icon grand pianos complete.. - The piano •is - question has been supplied to the order of-' Miss Mbrtimer, of Templeton -atreefe; and ; for finish- and general excellence should command the manufacturer to the patronage and support,.not only of the Vic torian but the -Australian public, Tho instru ment is of ■ extra massive iron frame, combining the qualities, ots strength-and: of remaining in even tune during the most- extrema ohanges.of temperature.. The action, is the most modem, and of tbe -very best description- being the same as that used fa 90-guinea imported- instruments. Ir. fa fitted with three pedals, the purpose of the' third being the sustainment of the sound, and therein possesses a recommendation over instru ments in more ordinary uso-. The frame is also of Ballarat manufacture,.and the case—of light walnut, beautifully.polished—is good in design and highly, finished,- the whole- being quite equal, if not superior, to. the best imported pianos '2O-or- SOiguineas dearer. We had tha advantage ofi.listening to a, performance on the instrument in question,, and- it fully hereout the claims of- Mr'-Howarth-to sn extensive and: appreciative • support. It- is—we regret to say customary; to doory colonial productions, but to those ; of the . musical public- who are apt to ex press a preference for the-“"home” made article,, wo recommend, a suspension of judgment pre paratory to testing, the instruments turned oat; by Mr Howavth.”" ’ A" private latter received fa tho colony from: : an.officef-high in' command at IBirti attributes (says the- Aryus) the failure ia ralioving Khar toum to the unfortunate eucumstanqe of the ■ command riu-chief.- having devolved upou cir Charles Wilson. “Hiid not poor Stewart been wounded/’ the writer says, “ and poor Burnaby, killed, who was soßt oiitte bethe fiuhting man in the- event ofc ; accidentto 'Stewart, **■ /should, for cor tain, .have-taken Metemneh byt e* 20th,.fvxaaed.on.steamers. to. Khartoum by- - 21st or 220d, aitdi been ah. Khartoum days befora-it fell,, whereas vacillation and petaeoe ruined everything. Instead of pushing: ■ into-Metemnofaon the 19th (evening) oc . (morning), and-'pushing on to Khartoum- ■ 'mediately, the-steamer arrived af Gqbet, meaningless, attempt, to take Metempen aaade on the 2£Hh-. and . 21st (called reconn »arioes),.and» no.attempt to push steamers oil Gordon, whioh- was. not mode till the a®*” really the morniog ol tba 25th. It, IS - { horrible to think of how that the result o ioo mpoteney. and direct disobedience to et I has ,bean the, appalling calamity, of-the. Khartoum, and tho death of poor (Jordon.. . • -It is very sad to-think that Wolsaley. would: have- eased himif only his insrtuc had besa.faithfully and intelligently. oaiiiM > as the-x certainly would havo bean saber / .Stewanb or Burnaby. If only, a third sp wheeb had been provided like, either of t men k all noAld have been wall;, and *“ a V .. novoendad in a total oollapsa, would have handed down to history as. one ol ... brilliant achievements. Sprti, 2Srd I The; Railway Commissianora invite the construction of the wilway i r0I “ , jq, WerratAnabeal, a disianos slightly o i Baileal It hiss beeu deoidad bo-form. a Trades Cou in Sandhurst,-and a. meeting fa shortly held, j when representatives of tho M Council arc expected to bo present. , • The mayor of; Melbourne h' 3 , J c < luncheon at the. Town Hall on posing the of “ The Local “ Speaking foe himself, it was his duty “ Ml magistrate to keep down anything hke but outside the official position he rs Uisd. Although tbre.atenod m .. aJ , long, jhe did riot like being . • one wanted to ‘ lick him/ he P r6 ‘ ar / .i-ruwht ‘Cocqe (Lighter.) Therefore, it rathei a .pity .tbaC, with tho K jj a d anxious for war, they did net g oC * Ben t .done hfa heart good to road the hasp* g acrC . by Admiral Tfyou to tho acting Col w# y tatj faSydney. (Cheers.) ‘ Tf ll **, they tu fight, Let them blow you. to b,B . ,|f this can, jbat don’t talk of surrender. they colony was • ho ' ) , s,l^j„, I _and the ! should send the women and chilcr, rt , cowarda—up country, and then fa(j.eniJex ample of that new society in Lnuitan en jgiy. ▼our to provide economic funerals to t 4 va (Cheers and Uughter.) They ah of I the. privilege o( free gclefltion to tn «f WiM *s®. A telegkam, * oD.OOO to defepdthe country. joroll^ JD ., bare .’bean that of the-oharge. /Cheers.)’' ._ arhnB nt are in? need: of'the pI an ns the nU ® baT ’‘W — b W £???'. 10 ’ niaints (says oM - C! Snaally ‘ being inade about ..the tfi ‘ assuopU o '' by the Metropolitan, ft® eve Val members of the Govern- fnbled at the Cabinet'meeting f referred -to .the .matter-in strong a , -tated that, in some instances the sn.£S attmps and candles hadto.be SB***" nHmte houses. The Government Uled 10 ?" the point that theyare deter- takes place, to bring toined,« “? .fore Parliament. Geelong also has jliodtef oe ‘" ocor ding to the Advertiser, . ns o 0 ? p „f‘ihe gas company would have tt? directors __ ed „ t b e |r ; own if pees “snligo g aT ings Bank a .visit bn Satuc they had p« buaiDea3 at that period of the iij night. * brisk, and the officers,had great week i> on the work of the bank, not difficnllJ jets (so.called) in the ~ * ...jn!” every one- is saying (writes correspondent of theArnratAd the M elbou . h , -ossip goes round, that.a gentle. •"'fMrrhieh official position in the colony 0» broken that portion'of the tenth* l uMC jS whichsaith thou shalt not covet jjujosndme This lime they say there proceedings., for the infuriated bss “» da U P hi * mind ,0 ®? sall b i! jnsbaod dm hw agtick 01 . a petition. It * roDg u„^ n ßs go as far as.the, matrimonial (to nutter Jju creata greater, interest than tSSm-mm, owing to . the sooial,; position tbs parties. 1 wi,a the sum of £BOOO was given.as the prob- Jftotol cf the costs iu the Malpas d.vurce case f W nnfc intended (writes a Melbourne corre -S -oludo the expense of an applies ..new trial, or subsequent proceedings., ritoday the court was °l“ « w robe ” most of whom were directly or. l/conceroedin Malpas v Malpas, so that UiuerUin the “fees” and “ refreshers’ have jet been exhausted. ' ' t ‘ :: . . Agent-General has forwarded a short re the interview between the Agents-Gene- If S}“ and Derby, relative to amendments in SlftteSm Enabling Bill suggested by Lord tt Mr. Murray Smith states that a fairly Sctory conclusion was arrived at on all Sin dispute, with the exception clause Ifon this there was a long and warm disous r„ it s maintenance being strongly urged by. Cl. V n. 801 l (Now Zealand), and by Mrßunck (Queensland) and Mr Murray Smith.. Sriflerby stated that be was determinoa to Xo the clause, but undertook to receive and Ssleany objections^ to it which Messrs Gar-, Stud Murray Smith might specify. Lord TWrbv further stated that he would not consider its excision of the danse as in any way fatal to Zbill The letter from the Agent-General, rtich is dated 2nd April, ends with, the 'state ment-" Wo shall endeavor; to press our views an these who interest themselves ,on the. sub- - iect” We have since heard by telegram that, iot'caly was clause 31 retained in the.bill by the Bouse of liords,.but that it was so' amended as to make it: still more .objectionable tthan, it rabefore. ... - ■*■■■■* '•■■■ Gordoa’s diary (says the Pall Mall OazeVe) will never be published in anything like, its entirety, of ‘bat we may be quite' euro. Wo, isppenlo hove learned something about... its, contents already—(it includes many pen-and-ink drawings of extraorrtiuary interest) —and that' something assures us that if_our Ministers can eipnrgate the murdered man’s diary; they cer tainly will. Wo lire able to give :one -.little .ex tract from it of the kind that awaits the pruning- knife, should the Government - find itself at liberty to wield that' instrument. .The following words appear in the diary under the, datelilh December, a fortnight before Gordon’s death:—“l can quite imagine the following .scene:—Walmer Castle. Enter Lord'Granville— Essds tbs paper, * Khartoum still holds • out.’ • Engs the bell for secretary. 1 How long did • Gordon say ho could hold out forT ‘Six months, my lord,' ‘ Then why the devil has .he held put; for eight? He ought to have given up two months ago. Confound him!’” - The celebration of the 70lh birthday of Prince Bismarck was, as a matter of bourse; made the subject of large numbers of articles in the English press highly laudatory of the German Chancellor, whose power and popularity are represented:to be still at their zenith. The London Morning . Pori observes that “the massire character of the position which Prince Bismarck has attained shows oat in singularly strong relief when contrasted with the fate which hasft'i be fallen his leading contemporaries. . While every year seems to enhance the popularity and in crease the security of the Prince-Chancellor's ascendancy, who can point to any . other European statesman with a shadow of- similar prestige! In France the most popular Ministers and Ministries, to judge by many recent occurrences, are whirled away in a sudden outburst of public caprice or discontent, and their day is ended. Gsmbetta himself was no exception to the rule. The spectacle of the British Liberal Premier steadily tiring out the ptiencs and the contidence which have been so long conceded to him is another striking subject of comparison with the German political Isader.” A final meeting in connection with the Owen Challenge Cup will bo held to-night, at . the Back’s Head hotel, atSp.m. - - - ' - ■ .The Buninyongshire Courcil invite applica tions for the position of shire engineer. ' Par ticulars will ha found in our advertising colnmna. We have been requested to call attention to the sale by auction to-day, by -Mr R, Tunbridge,' of that central property, the George' hotel. Farticnlats appear in advertisement. 