TURF GOSSIP. BY AUG EN. I£ one conld only divine the intentions of certain owners there might be a chance of selecting more than one winner at Fleming ton this afternoon. " What have the Ballurat division done?" is the leading question at those places where sporting men most do congregate, and there seems to exist some uncertainty as to what they have done or what they intend; to do. They possess a number of good steeplechasers, and it is said that in Sheet Anchor and Insolvent they have a couple of really good hurdleracers. From the golden city I hear nothing but favourable news respecting Sheet Anchor as a jumper, and if this be trne, and Corrigan be upon his back this afternoon, what is to beat him ? It seemB to be now pretty generally understood that the son of St Albans is to be reserved for the Grand National Hnrdle Race, in which case the plares in the Maiden Hurdle Race should be filled by WAVKELKF, ACE, and DURATION. For the Maiden Steeplechase there iB likely to be a very interesting contest, for now that Wymlet iB a likely absentee-his party,, it is said; preferring to send him for the Grand National Steeplechase-the race looks a very open one. Were Wymlet to start I think he would win, but with this fine son of King Tom out of the way, I fancy Kulkyne or LADT Abhtos will be the first to catch the judge's eye, Reticent and Riverton perhaps being their most dangerous op ponents. If one is to judge from the state oi the betting market, Sheet Anchor is con sidered the next thing to a certainty for the Grand National Hurdle Race. On the flat it would be 5 to 1 on him, but it must be re membered that he has never yet appeared in a hurdle race, and the novelty of the position may have some influence upon his jumping. Anyhow, I don't feel justified in standing a novice for so important an event; yet the party behind him is regarded as the cleverest in the country so far as the jumping game is concerned, and as they make few mistakes, the public is justified in following the lead of the Ballarat division. The Agent, so his trainer says, has been suffering fpom a cold, and at one time it was bruited abroad that he was a doubtful starter. In the face of this he was backed freely, and I'm told that while his absence from the Flemington training ground was observed by the touts he was doing good work at Moonee Valley. To-day he will run very forward, notwith standing the catarrh, and if I'm any judge of human kind, his tcainer fondly believes be will win. Of the horses I have seen this; week nothing has pleased me more than Tattler. On Thursday evening, just at dusk, I saw her gallop tliiee miles on the outer track at Flemington, and she finished so strong and well that I fully expect to see her white face near the front when they jump the last hurdle. She will be ridden by lluht, and I believe Ferguson will have the mount on The Apent. Gnardfish, who will be ridden by his trainer, Beauchamp, is a much improved horse, and as distance is his forte, he should be one of the leading division at the finish. .Huntsman has blossomed into a first-class hurdle-racer all at once, and on his recent form he should have a show to-day. Yeomans has brought down a very useful horse in Student, and M'Donald another in Omadhaun. Of course if Sheet Anchor jumps cleverly, and meets with no mishap, he ought to win ; but, as I have observed above, he is a novice, and therefore I prefer the chances of HCNTSHAN, GUAUDFISH, and TATTLER, who will probably have most to fear from The Agent. For the Grand National Steeplechase the field will pro bably consist of 14 or 15. Denmark is at the head of the list, and even with 12et. 111b. he will keep his opponents going-in fact, it is quite upon the cards for him to win. The best of Mr. Loughlin'a two, Wymlet and Morven, must be hard to beat, and Governor has improved so much that the Adelaide division regard his chance with great favour. In the country edition of this journal I se lected Sailor, Leo, and the best of Mr. Loughlin's to win, and though I have a great respect for Wymlet, I prefer to stand Mon YEN, who will, I presume, have the services of ! Scobie. For the Selling Hurdle ltace I should stand Student or Tattler if they were to start, but as; they are said to be intended for the bigger event, Fusilieb or Flaji borough may win. The fiat race will attract a large field. A few days ago I had a fond ness for Phantom, but Vernet has beaten him in a trial, and the latter will probably be the selected one of the stable. Having satisfactorily answered the questions put to him, Vernet should be reckoned among the dangerous lot, and Ringmaster, Kvie, Grace Darling, Fernlea, Country Boy, Bohemian,! Precious Stone, and others are fancied, but I have lih Jcleaihat the winner will tarn up in FERNLEA, next to whom I fancy Bohe mian, Vernet, and Too Too. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club spring programme appears this week, and racing men will fina it is an improvement upon that of last year. There are six events for the first day. commencing with the Maiden Plate, the added money for which has been increased to 160 sora The race will be run at special weights, and the distance will be one mile, yrhich should suit a great number of horsea A. Hurdle Race of 100 aovs., the Great Fold Stakes of 300 so vs., and the Caul field guineas of 800 so vs., come next, and for the Findon Harriers' Vase there has been sub stituted the Australian Hunters' Cup, value 150 BOVB. for the winner, the second and third to receive trophies value 60 aovs. and 585 SOTS, respectively. It is a handicap steeplechase for approved bond fide hunters which have hunted with either the Mel bourne, Ballarat, Sydney, or Adelaide Hounds, or Findon Harriers, and the com petitors areto be ridden by amateurs, whose names nraat peforwardea to the secretary for approval at leaat thfee days prior to the raoe. The Toorak Handicap of 190 sova will bring the first day's eport to a con ciitetyn. and ta die aecond day a Selling Rate of 100 sov* iritt open the proceedings. A wooiW HuKUe &we; lWwve. U ftlto gether.superfluous, and a weight-forage race with penalties would be far preferable, for it woOld raise the status of the club. The Nursery Handicap of 100 BOVS. will give the owners of two year olds a chance of uelping to pay the oat-bill, and atter this comes the Caulfield Cup of 1,500 so vs., after which is the Open Steeplechase of 200 SOVB.. the whole to conclude with the Windsor Handicap of 150 Bovs. General entries close on Monday, September 14. The attention of Victorian racing men is directed to the Australian Jockey Clubpto gramme, which appears this week. With Richmond Stakes and Oaks added to it, u J .°^ ^re of our friends across the border will now compare favourably with that of the Victoria Racing Club. The Oaks will be run on the Cup day, and the Rich mond Stakes will be the chief feature of the third day. The other events are tnnch the same u last year, and owners of horses will bear in mind that the general entries close on Monday, August 24. Mr. Cox is generally fortunate in the matter of weather when he invites his patrons to his trysting ground at Moonee Valley. Last Satur day was one of the pleasantest afternoons we have experienced this winter, and, as a matter or course, there was a large at tendance. Altogether it was a " big boom," for the fields were numerous and the sport first-class. The stewards at the Valley keep their eyes open, and are not afraid to use their tongues; as a consequence the going is pretty straight When the horses returned to the weighing _ enclosure after the July Handicap, I noticed one ot the stewards pointing out to _ the handicappers that Bristol ran in his ordinary shoes, and no doubt they made a mental note of the fact, though Mr. Haines before the race made no secret that his horse had not the ghost of a chance, Cripps appears to have got hold of a very useful nurdleracer m Vulcan, and Jones has a decent horse in Primus, who ran with extraordinary game nesB in the July Handicap. Studley added another feather to the cap of King Tom as a sire of steeplechasers, and Aibanus galloped like a racehorse when he won the Selling Race and the Latest Handicap, leading all the way in both. It was a rather disastrous day for backers, who missed a rare chance of getting even in the last race, for which Aibanus started at 10 to 1; but the perfume of the Violet had more charms for them than the martyr, and they suffered accordingly. Long, indeed, were the faces of the punters when they saw the despised cast off win again. Mr. Tom Watson, in the absence of his father, officiated with the starter's flag, and, except in the last race, be was very successful I'm glad to see the young one following in the footsteps of the older branch of the family, and as he possesses plenty of nerve, is never flurried, and shows firmness with the jockeys, I don't see why he shouldn't in time fill the posi tion just as well as his father, who is facile princtps among starters. By tne bve, during the afternoon I noticed several of the boys using their whips too freely. It wouldn't be a baa idea for tne V.R.C. and other clubs to establish a race or two in which the use of the whip and spur should be barred. Entries for the Deniliquin Maiden Plate will have to be made with the secretary, Mr. J. W. H. Wyse, on Monday next, July 20. The dates for the Ballarat spring meeting will probably be changed. Hitherto the Melbourne Hunt Club has claimed the firat Saturday in October for its spring meeting, and as the 3rd of October by custom belongs to the metropolitans, their meeting will be held on that date. If the Ballarat folks could change their dates to the 30th September and let of October, the matter would be settled to suit both parties. ' On Monday several members of the committee of the National Agricultural Society visited the show-grounds to lay out the course for the jumping contest which is to take place at the annual show next month. After inspecting the ground, it was determined that five fences should be erected, and, us the contest will be twice round the course, it will be well worth going to see. Mr. Robert Orr, of Ballarat, Mr. James Wilson, of St. Albans, and Mr. Rennison, of Mordialloc, have been chosen judges, and a better selection could not have been made. Mr. C. Filiate arrived from Adelaide on Monday, andmrought with him Brown Eagle, who is engaged in the V.R.G. Maiden Steeple chase. The disqualification of Wyman at the Silverton meeting was removed by the stewards at the settling. From Mr. Ciibborn I have received a neat little book, containing the programme of the Australian Jockey Club for the ensuing season. Mr. C. Guest, the secretary of the Hawkesbury Racing Club, has also forwarded a book containing tlie entries of his club. Mr. Trevor Winter, of Murndal, writes that he has noticed that a horse named Saleyards has been winning races, and as he has SW above I on the near shoulder, he is identical with a horse bred at Murndal, and sold at Ballarat He is by Slanderer from Garnet, and was entered in the Stud-book as Lampoon. As a number of the Murndal horses have been sold at Ballarat, aud the owners may not know their pedigrees, Mr; Winter re quests me to state that any person owning a horse branded SW on the near shoulder, with or without a number, can obtain the pedigree by forwarding him the colour and marks to Murndal. Mr. Wiuter states that Sheila, the winner of the Mount Gambier Steeplechase, is by Rainbow, and not by Manuka, as returned in the South Australian papers. While peregrinating roaad Flemingfcon one day this week I came across Denny Callauan, A few years ago uo crosa-country rider was more sought after than he, but a trip to India and another to Siam has occupied a good deal of his time of late, and we have not seen him in the saddle, lie has a cottage of his own at Flemiugton and several boxes, and he would like to see the latter occupied. There is no better man at schooling young horses for the jumping business, and anybody patronising Callauan will liud him a steady and deserving trainer. At H. Yeend's I saw Dark Duke looking much improved, though his feet have given his trainer a great deal of trouble. With luck this colt snould have a look-in for aome of the two-year-old races of the spring. Yernet is in rare form just now, and, having beaten Phantom in a trial, he will probably carry his owner's colours at Flemington to day. Satisfactory entries were received on Mon day for the Geelong meeting. For the Hurdle i Bace 17 horses have been nominated, and though the names of some of the cracks are absent,, several good performers are enraged. There are 25 in the Railway Stakes, and this number includes some fair performers. The Two-year-old Stakes is a success, for 18 juve niles nave been entered, and the I£ct pTjrane of them being engaged in tatter thtegft l^ter on in the Reason will cauaethift contest to be watched with more than ordiB^ jfr Steeplechase has been veil patronised, IB names appearing in tbfe list, andthewtafcer Handicap nas filled very -wellj 29 horeea having bwn nominated. Th«n «t« ins lkx sa-^ vJtejSi^K01"1 events Wfilledwell,. No less than 25 horses have be^n nomlnatect for the Hurdle Race. There an 24 in the Epsom Handicap and 16 in the Steeple chase, so visitors to the coarse by the sea ate likely to have a good time on the 28th. Deniliqoin will be the attraction lor racing men next week. There is every prospect of a successful meeting, for several horses will go from the metropolis, amongst them being Duration, who, I hear, was nominated for the Maiden Plate some time before he won in the Melbonrnedi8trict When will the A. J. C. intro duce arule which will place maidens upon the same footing as they are in the colony of Victoria? In racing as well as political matters our friends across the border don't show mnch inclination to federate. Duration is a pretty good animal, and if there is nothing tirBt-class in the Maiden Plate he should help to pay Mr. Neil's expenses by annexing the stake. In the handicaps he beads the list, and yet should be hard to beat, though I've a fancy for Vernet this winter. I saw him< have a mile spin with Phantom during the week, and he Bettled the old grey pretty easily at the finish. If he be in the humour he should land at leaBt one prize for his owner, but the son of Bordeaux is not a glutton, and I fancy the heavy ground favoured him in his set-to with Phantom. New South Wales appears to have got hold of a good sire in Reugny, who won the Eng lish Grand National Steeplechase in 1874. He was imported to. the sister colony a few years ago, and I notice that several of his stock have lately been performing well in the Clarence district. At the late meeting of the Clarence River Jockey Club, Aga, by Iieugny from Adele, won the Derby and the prineipla] handicap, while Mr. Fielder's Csarovitch, by Reugny from Gazelle, after being beaten by Lamia, a daughter of Captivator, in the Mares' Produce Stakes, won the Maiden Plate and the Sires' Produce Stakes, in the latter of which be turned the tables upon Lamia. Old racegoers will remember a very gran 1 chesnut mare brought here from New Zea land at the same time as Manuka. Hec name was Peeress, and she ran at Flem ington, and won the Royal-park Stakes. The old mare died a short time ago in New Zealand, where she was not a great success as a stud matron. What an excellent programme is that? which the Victoria Amateur Turf Club has provided for the 15th of August It will, I'm sure, commend itself to owners of horses. There are only five events, the first being the Sapling Stakes of 100 sovs. This is for two year olds, and the weights are 7st. 121b.. for colts, and 7st 71b. for fillies. In this race the possessor of a two year old can find out whether it has any pace, and the winner can by the outley of a few pounds land sufficient to pay expenses for the year. The distance is three furlongs. To the Hurdle Race the dub addB 200 sovs., and as the course is two miles there is bound to be a numerous entry. A Selling Race of 50 sovs. is third on the list, and then follows the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase of 350 sovs., 75 sovs. of which will go to the second and 25 sovs. to the third. The Balaclava Stakes of 100 sovs. is the last item, and the distance is seven furlongs. This bill of fare will suit nearly every class of horse, from the good two year old to the selling plater, and is well worthy of patron age from racing men, who will bear in mind: that the entries close at 4 p.m. ou Monday next, the 20th inst The South Australian correspondent of this journal last week informed Victorians that an attempt to amalgamate the two racing clubs of the sister colony had been frustrated by the exorbitant demands of Messrs. Blackler and Ferry. The lessees of the old course have been at considerable ex pense in erecting a stand, &a;, but their price was considered too much altogether. In the. meantime, the new club which was started; a few weeks ago has blossomed into lite as the South Australian Racing and Coursing Club. As was announced before, the Mor Ehetville course and all the buildings thereon ave been purchased, and a coursing plumpton will be formed. It is to be hoped that Messrs, Blackler and Ferry will come to terms, so that one strong racing club can be established. If the two courses were under the superintendence of one club, the spring meet ing could be held on the old course, and the autumn meeting at Morphetville, The time is not far distant, I think, when a road will be run through the old course, and if the Morphetville course were not available then, the racing men would have to find a piece of ground further from the city. Mr. W. Gordon has again been successful with his beautiful filly Sandal, who journeyed to Port Augusta during the week, and there won the Port Augusta Cup, beating The Lawn, Exile, and others. Sandal iB half sister to Footstep and Lord Wilton, for she is by Winterlake from Instep, by Lord Ciifden, and was bred by Mr. William Blackler, who still owns Sandal, but leased her to Mr. G ordon for racing purposes. Sandal also won the Shorts; ana Sir Ewan, by Angler, won the Steeplechase, beating Swordfieh, Grey hound, and others. Onkapannga was suc cessful in the Hurdle Race, and The Qnack in the Flying Handicap. On the second day the Port Augusta Cup was won by The Lawn; Chrysalis won the Steeplechase, Swordluh being second, and Sir Ewan third Mr. Thomas Cofcer nas nearly recovered from the accident which befel him * few weeks ago, end is now able to get about again. Mr. E. E. Jones, who is over bom Sydney, still carries his arm in a sling, bat otherwise he is well and hearty. Among the arrivals from Tasmania daring the week was Mr. Falkiner, who brought with him Meteor and St Leonards, both of whom are to be disposed of by auction next week. On Monday next, at Tattersall'e Bazaar, Messrs. Yoille and Co. wilt offer for sale the well-known racehorse Meteor, who won the last Moonee Valley Cu> aikl other races, and several horaes of repute., Some of them have I been performing well of late, notably Sir Samuel, Primus, and Hannibal St Leonards, by St Albans, a. coit by St Albans irom Naomi, the hurdleracer Xpglesides, Umber to, AustraJianCourt *odPlato will also be dis posed of. The ann al^o announce that they will hold an important Bale of thoroughbred stallions at their yards, Newmarket, on Wed* nesday, August 5. Am«u others to be sub mitted are Argus Scandal, Motea, Royal Consort, Chatterer, Proto-Martyr, Prime Minister, Pornim, iTorwarcl, Ironhand, The EivoL and a number of brood mores and fillies. The Sale programme for the winter meet* ing will be found among this week's ftdvetr. tlaemecta. It contains nve effing JW&Jw; Hurdle Race, Gippa Land Ho^ Bi^tcra Han dicap, and Steeplechase cloae son Monday next; at theExchange Sot^ Balo,*9t ttio V.RC office, Melbourne, <. v.:* The Australian Tro&uj;* Si^' fW^uqe Stakes of 1887 will be wejl wo^ ?wtqflia^ for&ttti;&d;? It iS worth 225 sovs. The fit of the following Bires are eligible Walter Scott, Vermont jun., Boccaccio, Len Rose, Pioneer, Honesty, Contractor, Von Moltke Jan., and Childe Harold. The conditions are Bomewhat ambiguous. It is stated that the race is for the produce of these sires got in the season of 1883, and further on that foals will have to be named and described to the secretary before 4 p.m. on Saturday, Au gust L From the Tasmanian Mail I find that at the annual meeting of the members of the Tas manian Racing Club last week the report Bhowed a debit balance of £477 odd, this Bomewhat unsatisfactory result bein^ due to reasonable suggestions were thrown out by some of the members present, notably the advisability of the club at once taking steps to form a proper training track on their course; the desirableness of the I.K.y. pro ceeding to take over Elwick; and the re ducing of members' subscription from os. to £2 2s. The hon. secretary has given the la3t-named matter full consideration, and has come to the conclusion that the altera tion proposed would not result beneficially. Some members, however, showed by feasible arguments that the two-guinea ticket would eventuate in the club becoming popular. The foregoing were merely suggestions, the only innovation which came to a head being the privilege allowed members in regard to ladies' tickets. Henceiorth the member's card will admit three ladies in addition to the member himself. The Hon. John Lord was unani mously re-elected president of the club, and there was a more than general desire that the present hon. secretary (Mr. E. P. Wilson) and the hon. treasurer (Mr. A. P. Miller) retain their offices during the ensuing twelve months. . The Stawell Amateur Racing Club meeting has been fixed for Thursday, August 20. The programme will be found among this week's advertisements. Mr. S. G. Cook has requested me to state that a lad named James Moyes has left with out his consent, and he cautions trainers not to employ him. The conditions of the V.R.C. Special Juvenile Stakes for geldings are published this week. It will be seen that the race is a sweepstakes of 5 sovs., with 300 S9V8. added, and the weights are 8st. 51b. It is fixed for the spring meeting ot 1886, but I fancy it would have been better had it been included in the autumn programme. The English Derby winner Melton is de eeribed as a little big horse, and from _ the pictures painted in words by the various sporting correspondents of the old country, I should take him to be more of the Suwarrow or Barb than the Darebin or Le Grand tvpe. When stripped he looked so perfectly balanced that to make him any bigger or any smaller would spoil him. The colt had a badly- shaped back sinew in one of his forelegs, and months before the race fears were entertained that it would be difficult to train, but the veteran Mat Daw Bon always pooh-poohed the apprehensions of the doubting ones. The result proved the correctness of his judgment, and the canny old Scotchman can point to this as another training triumph. As a lot the Derby horses cannot t>e a very sound field, for one sporting correspondent states that Melton has not perfect forelegs, and Paradox has bad hocks, while Royal Hampton, who was third, is very nearly a cripple all round; Red Ruin is very Btilty in front, ditto Luminary, and Esterling has a big joint Master Kildare, the sire of Melton, is a grandson of Stockwell, and as Le begot Melton in his first season, there is a great future before him. To sing the praises of St Albans as a sire of racehorses is like attempting to paint the lily or gild refined gold. Without doubt he is at the present time the most successful thoroughbred sire in Australia; yet a few years ago, when in the stud of the late Mr. John Coldham, he was regarded with any thing but favour by the studmasters of Victoria, and as his owner considered that his goodness was being thrown away, he leased him to Mr. John Field, of Tasmania, where, in the pretty little district of Deloraine, he begot Malua, Ringwood, Stockwell, Tasman, Blink Bonny, and many others who have since made his name famous through out Australasia. It was a stroke of bad luck for Mr. John Field when he allowed this fine son of Blair Athol to shake the dust of the island colony from his feet, for had he re tained him he could have counted upon a large annual revenue from bis stock. St Albans now casts hiB lines in pleasant places, , for he is chief lord of the harem in the stua j after which he was named, and by adver tisement Mr. J. D. Robinson, of Geelong, announces that the horse will be at the service of the public at 60 guineas a mare. Blair Athol, the sire of St Albans, was a great racehorse, the Derby and St Leger having been appropriated by him in a year when good three year olds were plentiful His breeding, too, was first-class, seeing that he was by Stockwell (the Leger winner) from Blink Bonny, I'Anson's celebrated mare who iron the Derby and Oaks. The dam of St Albans, Pandora, was a very stoutly-bred mare, being by Cotherstone from Polydora, by Priam from Manto, and the stock of St Albans certainly inherit this stoutness, some of which, however, may be credited to the Tasmanian mares of high lineage in Mr. John Field's Calstock stud. In Firet King he has a worthy companion. He, too, is a representative of the Stockwell family in the male line, and, as a racehorse, no better, perhaps, ever trod turf. As a sire he can already lay claim to winners in Ringmaster, First Prince, and Stonebroke, and with such mares as are in Mr. Wilson's stod he has a rare Chance of further distinguishing himself. Only a short time ago I had the honour ofan interview with these equuine aristocrats, and both were in rare stud form. Descended Jfom Stockwell in the male line, they are likely to suit all thoroughbred mares, no matter how their pedigrees may run so long as they are not too closely allied to St Albans ana First King. The terms for the latter are 30 guineas. Some breeders may consider 60 gutowsftstiff figureforSt Albans, but it isnot, nod if they will look &t; if from &. comtQGrci&l; point they will agree that I am right For jnitance, what difference would there be in Hie price at auction for a colt by St Albans .nd oHe bjranother sire! This is the way to look at it, and in the long run it would be cheaper to pay 60 guineas for St Albans fcb^nfive for some of the horses that will be at the service of the public next season. ~7he following notes by " Tcumpator," of 1 Mfld(Me $l>btrve)r, will fee read with by VJctqrians, iespecially those who arfe interested In welfare of the Derby ^V<mr^i^|X'%oOK iidvantage of a lovely " " 1 * * "" eek tp make a trip to Lock esr Die different horses which eo fat: toe spring meetings, rtoion of Mr. M'DonaldL On were doing their going over to jreittUngp. Since m^^'liuian, the brother ?|Witoiogrowing, and he lijiIf to raoe. in the to Bedlamite, is a very fine fijta showing tremendous power bebind, ana j if her temper does not interfere with her, she will carry the white jacket of Mr. to the front in some important stake. A more , e?e^nt and blood-like'filly than Repose, the ! half-Bister to Gratitude and Hurricane, it would be hard to find, and she has more size and length than any previous member of the family. In condition too, ,lk« Ma<te' »«e, is very forward, and with ordinary luck M . M "Donald should have two very formidable candidates for the Manbyrnong Plate. Lara is a charming little colc of jfue type, and he has done splendidly since he came to Lockleya This youngster, like: the majority of the Conrads. may require time to develope his excellence, but I shall be greatly surprised if he does not keep up the reputation of his sire by wmmng some good handicap. Success, by Emula tion, out of Ayacronora, has come on like the others, and he may prove useful early in the season. Leaving the boxes we strolled over to the training ground, where Newstead (ridden by Weasel) and the older members of the Lockleys string were paiading undertue treeB. This lot included Helene, Ine Israelite, Belmont, The Treasurer, feignor, and Bob Cooper. They all looked well, but I was fairly astonished with the improvement ( made by Helene since she returned from Sydney. Never since she has been m training has this mare presented such a hearty ap- ] pearance, and Mr. M'Donald has now got ber big enough to stand the wear and tear of a season's work. The Israelite is as fresh as a two-vear- old, and if the leg will onl> stand he may carry the colours of Mr. Crozier prominently in a good handicap before^ he bids farewell to the turf. Belmont, Signor, and Bob Cooper all seem in nice condition to go into work. All three have proved failures so far, but each has had a nice spell, and the luck may change this season. After looking over these we returned to the boxes, and Mr. M'Donald had Newstead stripped for inspec-1 tion. To see the Derby favourite is to admire | Nohorsecouldbetruermadeor possess greater power and substance, his muscular develop ment being something extraordinary, liis victory over Malua in the Flying Stakes at Flemington, when the pair ran the dis tance ift lmin. Usee., stands outae a won derful achievement, and fit and well at the post it will require a clinker to put him down at Flemington on the last day of Octo ber. Now comes the reverse side ot tne picture as far as the colt's Derby prospects are concerned. Newstead is decidedly on the big side after his long spell, and his forelegs i do not look to be of the 'serviceable kind | necessary for a horse who must go through an exceptionally heavy preparation. Melton, it is true, was always under suspicion on account of a weak leg. and yet his trainer was enabled to get him fit enough to fight out a verv severe race at Epsom. The scare about Newstead may prove no better founded than were the objections to the English Derby favourite ; but without wishing to discount the colt'B Derby chance in any way, I shall unhesitatingly express my opinion that Mr. M'Donald has a very anxi ous and troublesome time before him in pre paring the present favourite for the V.R.C. Derby, and if he succeeds in landing him at the post fit to ran he will have performed a task which many persons just now regard as very difficult of accomplishment. In writing this I do not for a moment wish people to understand that I am one of those croakers who say ' Newstead cannot win the Derby, but the colt has all his trouble before him, and until he gets into fast work and is going on satisfactorily, backers will be using a wise discretion if they forget his brilliant form last year and let him alone for the Derby.' Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co., on Tues day, sold the steeplechaser Union to Mr. E. Weekes for 110 guineas. W. Yeomans has arrived at Flemington with Student and Trickett, and among other I animals at headquarters are Omadhaun,Coup ' d'Etat, Grattan, Favour, and Letitia. \\\Tbile at Flemington on Thursday I had a look at the new training track, which I de scribed some time ago. It is not yet finished, but probably will be in a tew days. It appears to be a capital job, except that it ought to have been about 10ft wider, for while two horses are cantering it will be dangerous for others to pass them at a gallop. The new railway platform is fast approaching completion, and the tunnel through which the grand stand visitors will make their way will be a great improvement The annual meeting of the shareholders of the Victorian Trotting Club will be held on Wednesday next, when the balance-sheet will be submitted. It is gratifying to find that the race meetings held at Elsternwick park during the present year have all shown a profit The May meeting was the most successful financially and Mr. Thomas Haydon will, I am sure, use every effort to place an even more satisfactory report before the members next year. On Thursday Morven, VymletNative,Sheet Anchor, Sailor, Flamborourfi, Irralee, Insol vent, and Assegai arrived from Ballarat All were looking well, and when landed from the train walked to their Flemington ^The'fine weather that has prevailed lately has greatly improved the training tracks at Flemington, and the outer circle has been in great requisition during the past day or two. Trainers complain of the mounds of earth whidh have during the past two years been removed from the drains and allowed to re main. The grass has grown over some, and they have become so numerous that they are dangerous to young horses. When the fine weather has ftiirly set in, no doubt Jonothan will see that they are removed. Boxes have been taken at Flemington for the Hon. W. Robinson's New Zealand horses, but they will not, I think, leave Sydney until , after the A.J.C. Spring meeting. | Mr. D. M. Robertson s horses have gone to Mr. F. Mortison's stables, where they will re main until the stables of their owner have! been erected. Mr. A. R. Robertson returned from Adelaide a few days ago, and he tells me that Dunlop haa greatly improved, and Me has high hopes of putting down the favourite intheV.R.C. Derby. Among the visitors to assist at the Y.R.I/. Grand National Meeting are ''Caspian, "Tout Cela," "Merlin,* and "Tam o Shanter." , _ Mr. C. S. Agnew has brought from Tas mania a very useful-looking horse named. General Jackson. ,. It is with deep regret I have to record the death of Mr. Samuel Blackwell, of Melton 1 Mowbray, Tasmania. He was one of the fine old English sportsmen of the good old time, and racing, bunting, and field sportaftll found an ardent admirer in Sam BlackwelL He owned and trained Panic when be won the Lauuceston Champion Stakes, and for many years he was master of the Southern Tasmanlan hounds, whose meeting place was at Melton Mowbray, where the old aports man was always glad to see his friends. The V.R.C. books containing the pro gramme, nominations, fee., have been pub lished, and are indeed a credit to Mr. lilies, who compiled them. In addition to the weightsfor the Cop and nominations forih'6 for two and three mt a fund of information which must prove in teresting to racing men. . To suit the convenience of the aoutn Wales viaitora, a Bpecial train will leave Spencer-Btreet for Sydney at 7.23 to-night. The Hon. James White and Mr. G. M. Lloyd arrived yesterday from New boutn The balance-sheet of the Victoria Racing Club was pnblished this week. It 6hows that the profit on the last Spring Meeting was £12,62217s. lOd.! The loss on the last \\\ inter Steeplechase Meeting was £15 11a 2d-J o° the New Year's Day Meeting, £000 1<s. 3d.; and on the Antumn Meeting, £1,693 5s. 3d. Members contribute nearly £5,000, and tue bookmakers just over £4,000. Mr. W. Scott has forwarded his Index to Caulfield and Melbourne Cups, aud Derby and Melbourne Cup." This little work should prove very useful to those who indulge m aouble-event wagering, especially members of the ring. The general meeting of the Victoria Pacing Club will be held at Menzies' Hotel on Mon day, August 31, at 3 p.m., to receive the balance-sheet for the past year and elect six members of committee. The following retire, but we eligible for re-electionSir W. J. Clarke, Messrs. C. B. Fisher. S. Gardiner, S. Miller, AV. Pearson, and G. Watson. The following proposition will come before the meeting:-"That the com mittee of tite Victoria Raciug Club be empowered to grant a gratuity for the benefit of the widow and family of the late judge, Mr. James Johnston." FRIDAY Eyexixg. Huntsman, incompany with Sirocco, came over from Brighton this afternoon, aud took up their quarters at Kirk's Bazaar. The hurdleracer looked wonderfully well. I am not surprised to hear that Sir Modred's brother, July, lias been backed to a consider able extent for the Melbourne Cup. He descends from a good family, and I've always had an idea that be would be reserved for a coup. It don't forget, that last year he ran second for the Duneain Cup. He was then only three years old, though counting as four in consequence of having been foaled in Jnly. Scit Aransas. -The following1 horses have been struck out ol their V.R.C. engagements:-Maiden Hurdle Bace- Moorathella, Mabouchal, Coriolanus, Batinghup, CSuny, Genoe, Balmoral, Seahorse, Fair play, Galatea, Sheet Anchor, Deringa. Maiden Steeplechase-Boyal Maid, Soobeloff, Misfortune, Banyenong, Moorathella, Baring-hup, Cluny, Patch work. Dundee, Tanglefoot, Deringa. Grand Na tional Hurdle Baoe-Sir Patrick, Hazard, Boyal Maid, Gualier, Buzza, Lady Teazle, Agitation, Despatch, Guy Faux, Game, Hunter. Grand Na tional Steeplechase-Busza, Swordfish, Blackthorn, Gilderoy, Fame, Reticent, Game, Katanga, Clarence, Colebrook, Bard of Erin. Selling Hurdle Racc Flyfiaher, Saleyards, Waiter, Problem, Despatch. Flat Race -Chuckster, Bathurst, Alphabet, Claptrap, Stornoway, Paillepoo, Seahorse, JJontrose, Uncas, Albicore, Hector, Galatea, St Odille, Eos, Gasburner, Phantom, Muscat, Minerva, Hobart, Tissue, Honora, Buttress, Local Option, Baron Neckar, Sunstroke. 