WHAT IS CONFIRMATION? I An Adukkhs Demvkkkd by Rev. Joseph A. White. (tty our own Jlepoiicr). -Dining Divine .Servico.-oii Sunday ]|fot, tho Rev.lJjA. Wmto' spoke on tho.BubJept of^rolllr^i ,£j»rysC'onfirmation. jjlie .|M dress wns bused -upon tho following wdiftre taken from tho Baptlatnunonico “ Ye arc 11 to take care that this child ho brought to 11 tho Bishop to bo oouiirmcd by him so soon “as ho can say tho Creed, tho Lord’s Prayor “and tho Ten Comamlments in tho vulgar “tongue, and be further instructed in tho Church Catechism, Bet forth for tiiat pur pose. Wiiut is Confirmation ? is a ques tion frequently asked by moinbors of mixed congregations. It is a question put, not so nmohby members of tho Church of England, as by those who do not strietly belong to her “ Confirmation,- thou, is a solemn rite of tho church, practised by tho Apostles, and since their timo by othors who liavo been regularly ordained as their succoesors as ovorseers in tho church.” It is stated in the 00th Canon—“It hath been a solemn, ancient, and laudable custom in tho Church of God, continued from the Apostles’ time, that all Bishops should lay thoir hands upon children baptized and instructed in the catechism of tho Christian religion, praying over them and blessing them.” Confirms tionisiiotan imaginary thing, aligmontof tho mind, but an absolute1 fact. It is no less a spiritual fact than the building up of the baptized in inind, and soul, and strength in the “faith once delivered to the saints.” The outward and visible sign of the graoo of confirmation is “ the laying on of hands.” The preacher said ho was led to this train of remark by reason of what he could not but regard ns vary defective views of the nature of confirmation, and, unfortunately, ns it seemed to him, theso defective views were very commonly held. Cimlirmation, lie said, is looked at almost exclusively from its human side. That it is a divine Ordi nance for the bestowal of the indwelling presence of tho Holy Spirit on the baptized, is but feebly believed. 'This, again', is largely owing to the indiirerentism1 of modern life, and to the confusion of ideas heaped upon us by the promoters of an ever-increasing number of sects. What is the good of it V say some, who really ought to be well aware of its “good.” Others have said that this rite was confined to the Apostolic age. Now, Confirmation--“ the laying uu/of hands,” — was certainly not restricted'to't he early church. To-day the members of the. .church arc practising the same rites that were practised by the Apos tles themselves, to wit : baptism ; the laying on of hands ; tho Supper of the Lord ; and Ordination to Holy Orders. There was baptism, by which infant and adult, Gentile and Jew, bond and free, Barbarian ami .Scythean, wero all admitted to the Com munion of Saints, and made members of Christ’s Church. There was Confirmation, —-the laying on of bauds -upon the baptised, with a view to their receiving a further gift of God’s Holy Spirit. There was the Lord’s Supper, that great Sacrament in which our Blessed Lord broke the bread, and offered the cup, saying “ drink ye all of it.” There was also Ordination conferred upon several degrees of men. In his church, our Lord gathered around him various follow-workers, and having placed them in several positions, gave power and authority to ordain others who should succeed them’. These were com missioned to preach, baptise, colebruto the Lord’s Supper, and to absolve. And thus it is that Confirmation, along with the other rules of the Christian Church, comes down to us through nearly nineteen centuries. In the early days of tile church, Christians were indeed strengthened by the grace of the Holy Spirit in Confirmation. In those early troublous days when men turned to and accepted Christianity they had often to endure the sharpness of persecution and death, and to stiller the loss of all things. Because of torture, dungeons, lire, and sword, many fell back into apostaey and heathenism j whilst others wavered almost to the point of surrender of the Christian Faith. Then indeed, the mighty blessing of the grace or Confirmation “established strengthened, settled them.” It has always, ill every age, been regarded as a most edify ing ceremony- The candidates then taka upon themselves the vows of baptism in a solemn manner, and relieve their sponsors from responsibility. Why is Confirmation lightly esteemed and largely neglected ? That this matter may be l ightly understood and duly valued, let us fall ‘back on the records and teachings of Holy .Scripture. In the eight chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, we have an account of the labours of St. Philip, tho Deacon of Samaria. We arc there told that both men and women were baptized ; and that two Apostles were sent from .Jerusalem into .Samaria, to pray for the newly baptized converts, that they might receive the Holy Ghost — ” and they laid their hands on them, and they received tile Holy Ghost.” The limited powers of tit. Philip, the Deacon, were superceded by by the greater powers of the Apostles S.M. Peter and John. Here, then, undoubtedly, is the gift of the .Spirit imparted by the “ laying on of hands.” Nothing is said in scripture about the renewal of the baptismal vow ; and, although, such renewal may very properly accompany Confirmation; yet it is not in any sense of the esse/nv of it. Confir mation is a divinely appointed channel for the gift of the Holy spirit of God to the soul. If this scriptural view of the Ordin ance were disseminated through the church, there would not only bo a truer conception of the value of Confirmation, but there would also be a large accession of candidates every year as the result. If people would only take the trouble ~rlolinitely to understand why they should come to Conlirmation, and what they may expect when they come,—if they come in a right spirit,—the question “ What is the good of it';” would be hoard less often than it is. The divine rare of confirmation must be more prominently and lirmly apprehended, and the merely human sido subordinated to it. Thun, these weak and low views of Conlirmation would be corrected, and people of uncertain religious principles would cease to think of the matter as unmeaning and unecessary. Now that facilities uro provided in several centres for attendance on instruction, parents and guardians must show a greater willingness, buy, a greater desire to send the young people for catechetical instruction. “Those who profess and call themselves Christians ” will feel it to be their duty to thoir church, to their children, and their God, to send the young people for Conlirmation at the hands of the Bishop. It appears from well autheiitieated publications that nearly one half of our young men and women'go forth unconfirmed to the business, the sins ami the temptations of life. Will you help to wipe out this reproach f I call upon parents to look to this.. 1 call upon all those persons who have put themselves down in the Government census as mom hors of the Church of England to fulfil the conditions of member ship in that church. I call upon tho young people themselves to lay asidciill indifference, fulso pride, and fuur of men, and to seek in Confirmation that benediction which no other act or word cun give to them. It is the last footstep in tho pathway of Christian childhood. It is the first step upon the verge of Spiritual Manhood. Then, the young clu'iutiun is girt and armed to fight under Christ’s banner against sin, the world, and the devil, and to continue Christ's faith ful soldier and servant unto his life’s end. And so the communion of saints is perpe tuated, and the unity of the church preserved. 