. OIJB PARIS LETTER. . _ [TROH OUR CORRESPONDENT.] Novembor lo. . The cholera has boon flying about tho Capital ainco June last, as ovory modical man perfectly 'woll know; but from motivos of humanity, tho authorities kept tho fact soorot, and workod energetically to dislodge tho disoaso, by clearing ' away centres of filth, and adopting all hygienic moasuros. It was only whon tho disoaso ap , 'peared in the opidemie form, that it was officially Wnll nnw f.Vinf. wa Irnnw fltn ronpof if. is not moro alarming than typhoid fever. Tho cold weather aiding, tho scourgo has boon mas tered to a groat oxtont. I havo not encountored any persons positivoly afraid ; of courso no ono runs any actual risk, and all follow tho dictates . of prudence — tho avoiding of everything outsido the usual modo of living ; cleanlinoss ; moderato repasts ; freedom from great fatigue ; peace of mind; patronizing only well-proparod food; and eschowing water, qyen for toilotto purposes such as washing Htho tooth, unloss boiled, and submitting milk 'to tho same process. Tho cholera is chiefly localised in tho centres whoro elum-disoases most do congregato. Tho doctors assure tho ablod-bodied and stiong-mindod, they have noting to foar ; but urge tho in temporato, the weakly, and tho timid to depart. ' , The deaths avorago 54 daily, proof that tho out break is light fithis is corroborated by tho fact, that in the prions, the barracks, and tho lyce ums, the disoaw has necossitatod no oxtra ut tontion. JB, Publio opibuJn is more anxious about China, as that plague means money, and a blood tax ou every class without distinction. It may bo truly eaid, excepting M. Forry perhaps, no one, not ? even the poor Tonkin Committee, 'knows where are we now ?' Every new day produces a now mediator ; the presont and the last, is Russia. But Sister Anne sees no olive branch coming from the Celestials. Prance will waive tho un happy claim she raised for an indemnity. This only gives theChinese moro courage ; thoy accept that relinguishment by France, as an admission of wrong. Many persons hero bet, that China will finish by demanding an indemnity for tho ... intelligent distinctions,' without causo, at Foochow and Kbelung. The situation of Prance is extremely painful. She cannot humiliate her position in tho Par East, nor eat humble pie boforo tho pig-tails. And yet, the war is intensely unpopular ; thoro* is a vague foar that tho unknown may be fraught . with serious consequences, and that, whothor little wars extending over an illunited period, or the organization of au imposing expedition to Pekin, either must entail enormous sacrifices : will react on tho organization of the homo do fences, and augment the financial coniusion already exciting. China is woll- postod up on the political difficulties of Prance, and finds therein trump cards. In tho meantime tho situation in Tonkin is anything but gratifying : climato is telling on tho soldiers more soverely than the repetition rifios of tho Chinese: no interest and less faith, is taken in tho bulletins of victories ; there is no impartial or independent eye witness to record what is taking place. Only two facts are well-noted : tho consumption of men, as evidonced by the drafts renewed, and the impossibility of tho Pronch, to advance ? ??? boyond the range of their guns. To confess tho truth, in point of clearly sooing way, tho Egyptian quostion is not a whit hotter. Pencils and pons are waiting to examine and denounce in advance, tho Northbrook remedies. They may satisfy those groat Powors which do not want Egypt, but so long as Pranc0 harbours tho hallucination of gotting back to tho 1 Nile, no solution, not conceding h r this, will over sntisfy the bond-holder stalking horso. . ? The more England arranges hor moasuros fol lowing her 'more than ideal, of remaining a fixture to command the aorta of her commercial and Colonial circulation, the nearer she will bo to semiring Egypt settled institutions. And it is due to tho Prench, that' England should dis play sufficient courage and decision, to say what she moanB. If tho prosont Ministry doos not ' speak up ' for hor. another must bo found to do so. . Frenchmen havo workod thomsolvos up to beliovo, they havo 'rights 'to Egypt. Thoy can only bo tho better, when thoy shall have boon deprivod of ono illusion loss. Somehow Bismarck's Colonial Congress ox cites but littlo attention. Tho other powors havo consented to it, as a tub thrown to tho whale. Besides, tho invited are like children, who long to soo what is inside tho hump of Rfllclunolle— they waut to know what tho Chancellor has got in his suck. Prance and England may may not bo Corsican brothers, but Bismarck cannot now, having boon exposod in time, make a cat's paw of oithor. His wire pulling rocontly has only had for result, to bring out tho profound animosity of Franco against Germany, that has suppressed hor supremacy iu Europe, and amputated from hor Alsaco and Lorraine. Whilo iu tho case of Englund, it has cracked up opinion to have a navy worthy of tho bost days of its history, and to stimulato , and strengthen, tho movomont of Colonial Con fodoration for Colonial dofonco. Iloro is ono fact that Englishmen ought to stick a pin into : | Franco ispaying, since 1871, on loans and claims amounting to tou milliards, no lass than G57 1 millions of francs annually— about 22 millions I sterling, or something loss than ono-third of tho I total national revonuo of Great Britain : oqnul | to 151 million dollars. And this ouormous addition, to hor yearly taxation acts liko a chain hall on her onward march. The moral ought to ? instruct England, to at onco havo an invincible navy to guard hor commerce, protect hor widoly dissominatod possessions, or what would be ? tantamount to tho same, to back up hor proto cols. This necessary dovolopmont of tho ready ' blood and iron ' persuaders, along with tho significant accession of Socialists to the Reich stag, will . mako even Bismarok stroko his moustache. : The election of Mr. Clovoland to tho Presi dency of tho Unitod Statos, is considered by tho French Press as likely to load to a recasting of political partios iu tho Union. Tho Temps \- observes, that his supportors include tho ele ments of tho population of French origin, and ? which have ever beon sympathetic for Franco. Others conoludo, Frenoh goods will not now bo s.' excluded by prohibitory tariffs. It is not vory certain, that oven Democrats aro satisfied at . . . American pork boing excluded from Franco, or , ;,; that they' will bo delighted at the coming law, applying a duty on foreign grain and floor, for ?v '' Franco hus now gono in boldly for protection. Timo will show, if her balanco shoot will bo superior to that undor tho Cobdou treaty. Thoro is a groat day of distress in Franco ; tho quostion is not so much to reduco tho prico of tho loaf, as to earn tho monoy to buy it. Tho Anarchists nro equal to tho occasion : thoy tompor tho want of work oxisHug, by tho ox plosion of dynamito cartridges. At Lyons, thoy call upon the soldiors to cut tho gas pipes in thoir barracks, spread potroloum, mixed with alcohol, on tho flour, and in tlio confusion, shoot thoir officers, and thou do the samo for tho middle classos. This will precipitate tho Anllon num. These -Ruperts o£ tho Social question imagino thoy havo discovered a systom or a mode, to arrange tho just distribution of richos betweon mankind. Roussoou boliovod to soo tho remedy in tho return, pure aud simplo, of man to tho savage state, only uufortunatoly wo cannot readily bocomo young again. Bosidos, it has not boon found that tho Papuans and i Canaquos aro moro virtuous or moro happy than Parisians. Tho latter display no anxioty for oithor wigwams or virgin forests. Tho Commission for tho International Ex hibition has boon gazotted, and that body is at presont occupied with tho soloction of tho sito, among tho seven proposed. Tho Bois do Boulogne and of Vinconnos, may bo loft out of tho running : theso aro tho parks of tho aristo cracy and plobs, respectively, and ought not to bo disfigured. Tho main point is, to have tho building as near ns possiblo to tho city. A spaco of -100,000 square yards is roquirod, and it is urgod to run tho monster Bazaar from tho Tuilerios, by tho Palais do l'lndustino, up to tho Champ do Mars. Adelina Patti is now a divorce, but not in tho way oho oxpoetod. Tho Court rojectod her do mand, basod on hor having continued hor mis conduct, which led to hor husband being granted a separation. Tho lattor wus accordod tho divorce ; aud tho dira, mulcted in hoavy costs, cun no longer sport tho titlo of Marchioness : sho is Adelina Patti onco moro, plus tho braud of her misconduct. ' If you have such an affection for your Don Juan,' observed a wit to a celebrated artisto, ' Why do you uot marry him ?' ' I lovo him too much for that !' was the reply. It is only sinco half a century, that tho detoctive police forco has beon organised in Franco, by Vidocy, an ox-couvict, aud thirty of his pardonod pals. M. Muco, tho ox-chiof of tho detectives, has just published his memoirs : they are readable. Tho forco only costs !!5,000fr. a year : Buroly this must be an orror 1 Ho says thoro is in Paris, 50,000 persona who awake ovory morning and do not know where thoy will find a breakfast, or dinner for tlioday, or a bed for the night ; thoro aru vagabonds, and he maintains, that iu ovory vagabond, there is tho material of a malefactor. In this band Recidivists flourish liko a bay treo. Many havo been sovoral timos condoinuod. Ono fellow, aged twonty, had boon arrested no less than sevoutoou times, after boing six times im impiisoned. M. Muco affirms that whether men or women ; vulgar or fashionable scoundrels ; the motivos of their crimes, is common— that of cupidity or money. Further, tho ' gaol birds,' disgusted' at being changed from ono homo prison to another, wind up by assassinating a guardian ; that is tho only way .to'. ensure their being sont to Now Caledonia— thoir land of freedom, of lotus-eating life, with tho clianco of escaping Australians will ploaso note. ' The theatres certainly aro not going, to -grout expenses in tho mattor of bringing out now plays. The mismanagement of tho National Opera, the chaotic stato rovoalod, by its director's doath, is lamentablo. Every representation appears to have boon givon at a loss, lfran coise ch Rimini, by Ambrois Thomas, bus boon ?- revived, but only to confirm tlio verdict of ' two years ago— dead failure. Tho Italians draw tho public less even than tho French Oponv and the prospects of its season aro sickly.. Tlio theatre Folies Dramatiqucs produced Hip, a throo act comic opera, arranged from Planfuotto's' Bcore, for tho Paris stago. Tho sconory and music atoned .?for tho libretto: tho tnu.-jc is graceful, melodious, aud pleasing. , Tbo ghost's [ scono, rising to punish Jtip, was well rocoived. | Cupidoii, a comedy in three acts by M. Bissou, j has boon givon at tho Palais Royal th'outro, I and with success. Its subject is too local | to permit it to travol outsido of Franco. It is [ lively, smutty, and amusing. | Poor Madlo Van Zaudt liko Lucifor, also associated with 'light,' is not aftor her fall, | likely to riso again.: Sho appeared as -Eosine ! at tho Opora Comiquo, drunk as a lord. Others' I say, sho was intoxieatod by an overdoso 'of j 'phosphorus,' and excitomont.: Bo it cham pagne, or phosphorous on tho brain, sho has lost ousto with hor idolaters. She ought to go into retreat for somo timo. Madamo do Thiangos complained/ that Bourdalono in his sormons, was over occupiod only with tho Souls of tho poor, and novor with persons of quality : ' tho clorgy ought not to forgot, thoro aro two distinct divisions of tho human raco.' 'Without doubt, Madamo,' joined in Marshal do Grammont who ontorod tho room, ' and tho Dovil himself makes no rnistnko, for he grills porsons of quality apai t, and omploys only Sanaal wood.' Louis XII. laughtod at tho old union's thoology. Making tho sign of tho cross, as was liis habit, when Satan was named. 