How we went Christmas Carol Singing This twas no ordinary occasion, you may be sure. We were about to try our skill as "Waits." Years before there had been Christmas Carols in our little village in Hampstead, but the practice had fallen through. We boys, however determined to revive it, and Walters, our pupil teacher drilled us in some hymns and anthems. Christmas Eve was a splendid night, and we set off. Presently, in the cold, clear air the fine old carol, "Christians, awake, salute the happy morn !" resounded throughout the village street, and many a head appeared at windows, and many a hand showered half-pence. After travelling all over the town, we started for the mansion of Sir John Douglas, some two miles distant. It was a long way to go, but then, as Sir John was the patron of our school, we could scarcely overlook him. " It will be no use going to the park gates," said one of the party, "because they'll be locked, and the lodge-keeper snoring." "How are we to get in, then ?" asked several in some dismay. "I know a way," replied Walters. "There is a side gate leading into the poultry yard, which is never locked, and it's a short cut, too." " I hope we shan't see any ghosts," said another, as we stumbled through the dark plantation. "Ghosts ! fiddlededee;" laughed Wal- ters. But it was darksome, nevertheless, and even when we had emerged from the wood, the prospect did not seem much more inviting. The moon had by this time gone nearly down, and snow was beginning to fall pretty freely. " Ugh !" said one-lad, with a shrug of the shoulders, "it's an ugly place, and no mistake." " Ugly," said another, " you may say that. 1 don't like it at all." " And, you know they say old Sir Roderick, who drowned himself in the fishpond, haunts the place," whispered a third. " Haunts, be bothered !" said Walters, with a gesture of impatiece, " come on, and don't make fools of yourselves." " But I say, what's that ?" whispered " Carrots," one of the boys [whose] hair had earned a name for himself. " Where ?" echoed several voices. " There ! there !" said he, grasping Walters' arm. "There ! " He pointed towards the house. We looked, but for a moment could see nothing particular. The next moment, however, a queer, dim light was seen to move a yard or two along. We stopped short, involuntarily grouping ourselves as closely as possible. At length the pupil teacher said cheerily " Well, lads, We must go and see what it means. Perhaps it's only some of the servants about. Anyhow I mean to see what it is." "I think we'd better go back," suggested Carrots, whose teeth were chattering, as were those of several of us. "[Nonsense]," said Walters, with a calm resolution which struck us all, frightened as we were ; "I intend to see more into it." He moved cautiously in the direction in which we had seen the light. Somehow we could not remain behind, and so we kept by his side. The light had disappeared, but we saw, on getting quite close to the house, two distinct gleams. "That's the library," whispered Walters. "I know the place well. The shutters don't reach quite to the top of the windows. There's somebody in the room with a light, and we can just see the shine above the shutters." " What can it be, I wonder ?" he added to himself. "It can't be old Sir John ; he's always in bed by 9 o'clock." " It must be thieves " said the youngest of us, moving towards the centre of the group. " I don't know what to think," said Walters; " but I mean to see what's going on over those shutters," and he began to move lightly over the snow in the direction of the window. " I say, what's this ?" said he, suddenly stopping, and, looking, we saw that one of the windows was thrown up. " This is the butler's pantry" whispered Walters. " This looks rather suspicious, doesn't it." We were all far too alarmed to answer. I'll stand on your shouluder, Alf," said he ; " I can see over the shutter then." Accordingly, proceeding to the library window, we hoisted Walters gently up till his face was on a level with the top of the shutters. He gave but a single glance, and then, jumping noiselessly down, he exclaimed in great excitement, " Two fellows, in big fur caps, as I'm alive." Two burglars at work in Sir John's library ! What was to be done ? The first impulse, as far as most of us were con- cerned, was to beat a hasty retreat, yet nobody liked to make a start. At length Walters said : " We mustn't let the follows get away, that's certain." "Come away, Walters, and leave them alone," pleaded Carrots. " Not a bit of it," replied the young pupil teacher, with a strange resolution ; " why, they might take off nobody knows what valuable things." "But if they find us, we shall be killed, most likely," suggested one of us. " Can't help it" said Walters doggedly. " They'll hardly manage to kill us all," he added, with grim humor as we thought. " Besides," he continued, "I mean to circumvent the rascals." "You, Ryder," said he, " steal away to the lodge, and wake up the gatekeeper, so that he may be ready to stop the fellows if they run that way." " What, by myself," said Ryder, alarmed. "There might be some more of them among the trees." "You, softy," whispered Walters, "they'll not come that way, never fear, so off you go." "You, Snipe, and you Jumper, go round to the back of the house and rouse the butler if you can." " But what are you going to do," asked Snipe. " Oh leave me alone ; I've got my work to do ; you go and do yours," replied Walters. And then Walters, creeping to the open window, said : " Now, lads, if you hear a commotion inside, or if you see the fellows trying to get away, raise the alarm, and make the biggest hullabaloo you can." So saying, he began to climb through the open window. " Oh, do come back, Walters, pleaded some of us. "They will kill you." " Can't help it," returned the young pupil teacher again doggedly. " But what are you going to do ?" asked one." " Well, if you must know, I'm going to try to lock the thieves up in the library." " Come back !" almost shouted two or three of us at once. But it was too late, for Walters had disappeared. For a moment we stood petrified, not daring to move. We stood, therefore, and simply watched the light, which we could see above the windows. Before we could fairly concentrate our gaze upon the light, however, it suddenly dis- appeared, and we found ourselves staring at darkness. What could it mean ? But we had no time to reflect much upon the subject, for at this instant we heard a scream from inside, and almost immediately afterwards a man- jumped from the open winidow by which Walters had entered. He was followed instantly by another. As the first one darted away, we were so horrified that we could scarcely utter a single sound. But as the second man rose to follow his companion, half-a-dozen boys simultaneously hurled themselves in frenzied excitement upon him. Then we made a terrible hullabaloo. Shouts rose from our youthful throats, and curses from the burglar, who rolled over and over in the snow, we boys clinging to him like ants. In vain did he strike us with his clenched fists. Where one fell backwards, another took his place, 'till finally we pinioned him by his arms and legs, and held him tight. During this time the house was in a terrific state of commotion. Windows were thrown open, the female servants screamed, and, to crown all, there commenced a barking of dogs suffi- cient enough to deafen one. The next mimute the butler came rush- ing around the end of the, house, and all fears of our prisoner's escape were set at rest. "All right, Sir John," shouted the butler, as the owner of the mansion appeared with a revolver in his hand. It was astonishing to see what a crowd had gathered in a few minutes. A few hurried explanations on our part served to show how matters stood. But what about young Walters ? A rush was made towards the library, and the foremost of the party stumbled over something in his haste. It was poor Walters who lay quite doubled up and senseless. At first we thought him dead, but a groan showed that he was still alive ; and in fact it was found that he was merely stunned, having received a blow from some heavy instrument, which had grazed his head, and glancing off, had fallen upon his arm, breaking it above the elbow. He was quickly placed in the housekeeper's hands, and everything done to alleviate his sufferings. Our prisoner was then brought into the hall, despite his cries and kicks. Here his pockets were unceremoniously turned out. "Capital," said Sir John, "this was the main item taken," as a large roll of bank notes came to view. The culprit was then marched off to the stable, where he was securely locked up. " And now, my lads," said the Baronet, "suppose we have our Christmas carols. It won't do to miss them. Why, that's what you came for. But you shall have something to eat first." In a few minutes a " jolly spread " was before us, on which we made a tremendous attack. Afterward, we disposed ourselves in a circle, and sang the old Christinmas ditties, the whole of the household gathering around us, and poor Walters smiling encouragement upon us. As the dawn was breakinig, we wished the Baronet a " Merry Christmas," and left him, after having "received three cheers from the servants, and an invita- tion to pay an early visit to the mansion. But, go where we may, the remembrance of how we went carol singing that morning will never be forgotten. 