THE MIGRATIONS OF BIRDS. (' Edinburgh Review.') . -Among all the migrants the swallow lias, per haps, attracted most attention iu all ages aud countries. It arrives in Sussex villages with remarkable punctuality ; none of the migrants perform their journeys more rapidly than the swallows and their congeners. A swift with young ones, or during migration, covers from 1,500 to 2,000 miles a day. It begins business ; feedingitayoungaboutthreeo'clocka.ni.,and con- t nues it till nine p.m. At that season, therefore, ' the swift spends nearly eighteen hours upon the ..wing, and it has been computed that at the ordinary rate of travelling of this very fast bird it would circumnavigate the globe in about fourteen days. At a push, if it were making forced flight, the swift would probably keep on the wing, with very brief intervals of rat, during fourteen days. The speed of the » huie tribe it marvellous, and seems the more so when com- . pared with that of the swiftest animals that depend for their progressive powers ou legs, however roauy legs they may be furnished with. The hare is swift, yet' in Turuet's well-known picture of rain, steaui, and speed the hare's f.ite is sealed ; she will be run over and crushed by the engiue rushing in her wake. The swiftest a timals would soon break down at forty mile3 an honr, which the awallow unconsciously accom plishes, merely twittering all the while. All the Bwallow tribe are found in every part of Great Britain, includiug Scotland, except the swift, which is not found in those is'auds. Dr. Saxby, author of " Birds of Shetland," says that one : day a poor fellow, a criple, who happened at the time to be exceedingly ill off anil iu waut of : f >od, came to him with a swallow iu his hand. Toe doctor ordered the man some dinner. It seems he had opened his door, restless and half- famished, when in flew the swallow aud brought nim, so to speak, a dinner. After this," said the poor fellow, " folk need na tell me that the Lord na answer prayer." Tho swallow can h irdly be inelegaDt. "When it walks, however, it does so with particularly short steps, assisted by the wings, and in accomplishing any journey ' longer than a few inches it spreads its wiug3 and takes flight. It twitters both on the wiug and ou the- uest, and a more incessant, cheerful, amiable, happy little song no other musician has ever executed. Much has been said ot that " inexplicable longing " and " incomprehensible presentiment of coming events " which occasion birds to migrate from cectaiu districts before the food supplies begin to fai1. Quails, woodcocks, saipes, aud many other birds, it is said, are in the finest condition at the time of commencing their migration, while none of them are entacia- ted at that season, so that the pinch of huncrer, . it is argued, cannot have yet affected them. But it should be remembered that fat as well as Jean birds may feel that pinch, aud that birds are very fast liriug creatures, full of life, move- \- meat, and alertness, quick to observe, to Lei, and to' act. In the rapid digestion of their food they are assisted by a special organ which grinds -down such items as grain, gtavel, nails or needles, swallowed in mistake or from caprico or curiosity, with astonishing facility. They prefer J feeding nearly all day, and when fully crammed / they sometimes become as plump as ortolaiiB, or as well fed quails, whoso skin bursts when they ' fa'l to the gun. But, when the appetite is urgent, obesity does not by any means preclude hunger. Twelve hours' fast and snow and a \- change of wind are very urgent fact8 in the lives of these quick creatures in the autumn of the year, and then begins that suddeu migration which the lighthouse keepers have observed. It is impossible to imagine creatures mure prac tical and full of action and freer from " presenti- m3nts " than birds, engaged as they are frum day to day snatching their food at Nature's board. Perhaps we may compare theui to the guests . of 'Macbetb, since all goes well so long as the ghost abstains front making his appearance ; but very suddenly sometimes, in the case of tho northern birds, the spectre of hunger puts them to flight. Fat or lean, they must go un the instant, and that is why they arrive pell-mel upon our coast ; but, as the country to be cleared of its birds of summer is extensive, and the distances of the journeys various, they naturally arrive at intervals. The migrations : of birds are world-wide. The birds of North . America make corresponding muvemeuts to those of Northern Europe, travelling in a north easterly and south-westerly direction and at tho same seasons. The cuuntries of the Gulf of Mexico form the chief retreat of the North American migrants, especially Mexico itself, with its three zones aud great variety of climate. But some of them go as far as the West Indies and New Gianada. A great number winter in the Southern States. Their method . of migration is the same as that which has been described elsewhere. They follow tho routes marked out by nature. The kinds of birds are in .many cases the same, or they are at least . Atnorican representatives of the same families \- that form the migrants of the Old World. They travel southwards in tho autuinn and return again in spring. Tho migrants of the southern hemisphere ate constrained by their situation to reverse the direction of their periodic move ments, flying northwards to escape the rigour of winter and returning south in spring. From : March to September some of the most inhospi table regions of the south are quite deserted ; even the wingless penguins quit their native shores of Tierra dol Fuego aud the Falkland Islands after the breeding season and swim to milder regions, while many of the birds which ' have bred in Patagonia anel Southern Chili depart on the approach of winter. The same rules, according to Gould, govern the move ments of birds iu Australia, where several species migrate in summer to tho southern portiun of ' ; the Continent and to Tasmania to breed. 