" CORRIN'S FOLLY," (AN ORIGINAL GHOST STORY.) As Christmas-tide draws near it brings back to my mind a quaint ghost story my father used to tell many years ago. My father was a Manxman, and as the Manx people were a very suspicious race in days gone by (in fact, the country Manx still believe in fairy lore), he partook in some degree of the superstitious turn of mind of his fore fathers, and was therefore able to repeat the tale with some degree of originality. I remember well the evening he told it; it was Christmas Eve. We were seated round a glowing fire, which cast weird shadows round the room, as if to suit the aspect of the story. It was as follows: " Many years ago, there lived at a place about 10 miles from Douglas, on a hill, a short distance from what is known as Kirk Patrick-road, an eccentric old couple, who were pos sessed of much wealth, and having very curious ideas of how people should live, they selected this secluded spot as a most suitable one to live upon; and here they built a quaint house, now known as Corrin's Folly. It was built of stone, and contained large, long rooms, divided by wooden parti ions, and, where convenient, long, narrow windows were let into the walls, which were closed by wooden shutters. Beneath the floor of the room used for dining in was a large cellar, in which were stored their provisions. At the northern end of the building reared a square-walled tower, from the top of which could be seen the surrounding country for many miles. Now this quaint couple lived all alone in the house, having no one but an old man-servant and his wife about the place, and these lived in a cottage close by. Old Corrin-for that was the gentleman's name-had but one son, and this son when he grew up, not liking the loneliness of the place, complained of it to his father; but his father would not listen to him, whereupon the son one night took with him a few necessities, and bidding a hasty farewell to the old house, he departed. The old couple were greatly distressed at their son's wicked action, and being the only child they felt it deeply. They tried all means to find his whereabouts, but success followed them not. After a few years the poor old lady became so depressed in spirits with continued grieving after her lost son that she gradually became in consolable, and after a few weeks' illness, she died. This affected the old man greatly. What with the double loss of his only son and wife, he was not long in following in the way his wife had gone. When death drew nigh unto him he called the old man-servant to his bed side and told him with trembling voice that he had arranged his will so that the old man-servant and his wife might re tain possession of the house till his son should come back, when everything of his should be given up to him, and that the old man-servant should remain in the house till his death. Although his son proved so faithless yet the old man's love of him was unchangeable. The old man was laid beside his wife in a vault he had constructed on a hillock not far from the house, and there remains to this day a headstone pointing out the spot known as Corrin's Folly. Some eight or nine months after his father's death the son re turned home, and when passing through the grounds, he noticed the grave stone, and, upon examining it, found that it intimated the death of his father and mother. For some time he lay upon the grass that surrounded it and wept. His grief, however, was of short duration, for he had expected, as they were aged when he left, to hear of their death when he returned. He was received by the old man-servant with open arms, and such a volume of queer stories, that he thought the old man must be out of his mind. However, he was surprised to find strange stories in the mouths of all the people living for miles round; in fact, the house was looked upon as one beset with ghosts, nor could he dispel the idea from their minds. It had come from the old man-servant, who told of the eccentric habits of his old master and mistress, and it had passed from mouth to mouth, till it was known both far and near. However, Joe Corrin (the son) discredited the whole of it, and set about making himself comfortable. To relieve the monotony and loneliness of the place he sent invitations to his friends in England, asking them to come and spend the Christmas holi days at the Folly. Joe Corrin, soon after leaving his father's house, joined the army, and by his jovial manner soon made many friends, who made use of their influence to further Joe's promotion, and at thereturn to his home he stood at the post of sub-lieutenant. soon word came of the acceptance of his invitation, and furthermore, that the party would consist of Mr., Mrs., and Miss Brownjay, Mr. Stubbs and sister, and three officers from Joe's mess. Every preparation was made for their reception, every room was overhauled, every bedroom and bed arranged and set apart; even the dis mal old walls were made brighter with the aid of a few pictures ; and in a short time everything was in readi ness. News came of their arrival in the island, and Joe set out with a coach specially engaged to meet them. Theywere duly welcomed by Joe, and during the drive to the house were much amused at the way the country folks rushed to their doors to see them pass. Each was shown to the room set apart, and after partaking of light refreshments they were shown over the building, each expressing their delight at having to spend a holiday in such a quaint house.- Three days had passed since their arrival, and the time seemed to hang rather heavily on their hands. To-night being Christ mas Eve, a supper is in preparation. Evening arrives, and each take their seat at the long table, with the intent, more or less, to enjoy them selves, excepting Mrs. Brownjay, who is rather out of sorts, and rather crochety; but little notice is taken of her by the rest, and the supper begins midst the jokes and laughter of the company (excepting Mrs. B.), each one drinks Joe a long life, with steaming punch from the large bowl in the centre of the table, and each one tells some amusing tale, and time passes quickly. When the fan begins to flag Joe calls on them to draw their chairs round the fire. He then relates the queer stories which have got current since his father's death. How all the foolish people in the neighbourhood believes the house to be haunted. At the word haunted all eyes are for a moment on Joe. Then each one peers over their shoulder. Joe proceeds to describe the peculiar sounds that are supposed to be heard in the house, and which he says is so much tomfoolery. They all say ' Yes, nothing but tomfoolery." How ever, Mrs. and Miss Brownjay and Miss Stubbs express a desire to retire at the conclusion, and would Mr, Joe be so kind as to light the way to their room," to which Joe graciously com plied. After bidding them good night he returns to the room. As he leaves the hall he bangs the door rather suddenly, which no sooner done, than he hears voices from above asking, "In the name of goodness what's that." They have the last drop of punch; and the brisk talk dwindles to a few words spoken now and then, the fire burns low, and as it casts weird shadows round the walls one by one they give hasty glances round, bid Joe good night and retire; Joe soon finds him self alone, and feeling tired follows in the footstep of his friends. Christmas dawns dull and cold-down they come one by one to breakfast. Mrs.Brownjay says she could not stay another night. She avers that at midnight she heard some one stealing into her room, she looked, and there sure enough she saw aghastly old woman, feeling her way cautiously along her bedside till she came to the head, then she stooped and picked up something, and retreated as cautiously as she came; Mrs. Brownjay could not describe her feelings, her breath almost left her, and her heart seemed to knock what little there was left out of her. Poor Stubbs positively affirms that he heard a rattling noise as though some one was shaking money in a bag, and on getting up and going to his door there he beheld an old man with a fearful looking knife cutting the string which bound the neck of a small bag of coin; he was sure he was not dreaming, he could see the knife glisten, and as for walking in his sleep he never did such a thing. The officers heard some slight noises, but they were sure it was not ghosts; it was the wind rattling the windows. Joe was rather annoyed at their foolishness, and he made up his mind to eradicate these ridiculous ghost stories from their heads, so he sent for his horse and told the party (during his absence) to scour the house and endeavour to find traces of the ghosts. While they were doing this he would see the chief-constable of the village and get him to investigate the matter. It did not take Joe long to arrange, and returning enquired the result of their search. As he expected, no traces were found. However, he assured them the matter was to be un ravelled, and this m some degree cheered them. The supper that night passed off more cheerful than Joe ex pected; 'A merry Christmas and a bright and happy New Year' fell from every lip; even Mrs. Brownjay was jolly. As time drew nigh for retiring, the despondent spirit came o'er them again. Joe suggested that the ladies should retire and the gentlemen sit up and watch, and should anything be heard they should instantly make an endeavour to find out its whereabouts, but the ladies would not hear of this, to it was decided that all should sit up. As the weary hours passed along, and the old clock had chimed the midnight hour, there they sat; no one cared to break the silence by any con Sversation. The drooping eyelids and the glassy eye told that sleep was battling with them for the mastery. however, there they sat in silence until a rumbling knocking sound echoed through the hall. In a moment they started to their feet. Poor Stubbs was scared. His hair in one mass raised itselt Joe, who was sitting patiently by himself, rose to hIis feet, and drawing a revolver from his pocket, whispered the others to follow. Taking up a lantern, which he had provided himself with, he proceeded along the hall. The sound ceemed .to come from beneath the building. Joe led the way to the cellar, and as he raised the door which opened the way to it everyone stood breathless. Joe and the officers were first down the cellar, and before the others had time to follow a shriek told them that something had hap pened. They were struck dumb. Poor Stubb, in the excitement, clung to Mrs. Brownjay, whose voice returning, turned on hlim. The poor fellow in vain endeavoured to apologise. Meanwhile Joe had dragged forth a decrepit old villain, and the two officers followed with another older scamp in their grasp. They were instantly bound, and the constable sent for, who removed them to the village watoh house. The news spread far and wide ; hut no one could ever tell who the two old rascals were. Joe knew well, for he had secretly arranged with the con stable to slip two of his oldest crimi nals into the cellar during the night; and these two old men never knew why they were placed in such a dark, dismal cellar. When Joe retumred to his regiment (for he had been on leave), he oftentimes afterwards thrilled his messmates with his story of "The Ghost of Corrin's Folly." 