T J I J 3 « H O l * T . A DANGEROUS JOKE A rather dnngnroun " lurk," if lark it ENN I« culled, w(>s indulged in last Jit, which nearly rcsulti-d in the frightening to death of a young gentleman and lady. The young couple who were taking tlioir usual stroll from the township to the old school, were- engaged in conversation about the ghost W.hich is supposed to haunt the place, and when about two cflmins. from TIN* building a.youU) wrapped in- A whitesheet iuniped from behind a tree D'ose by, giving the lady such a fright that, she fainted on the spot, and tbe gentleman, who A few minutes, before promised to " protect his darling FROM! any• apparition that might 'Appear," took " leg bail" for- it, and concealed himself behind an old hay shed belonging, to Mr. Rannard, about 200 yards, distant. The youth in white being so, alarmed at the result of his joke, did not perceive the action of the deserter, and considered it time for. hipiselfc to. r -treat also, BUT unfortunately .for. liilu, he clidse the Bame place olk)lie«urity, as, the loT.ER,.ftnd much astonish'- ment and!bewilderment of BOFCLI, WRE again.ince to fitcp, but before any -explanations could be iiindt',. the young inan,,£IIINT!C-Witli terror,, charged, the. ghost,;and when it remained (Motionless omtbe'ground.he. distiOverpd!'that : the apparition was nothing more than, his owai. brother. The young lady hod slightly, recovered the nliock as. wcwere goihg- to PWSS, but : »he is still, very .weak, having, been, seized with five fits within an hour. : '"W« are par-: ticularly nequestcd not to im'ntion the.' names of any of- the parties,, but 'wethink it is ESTABLISHING a V^RY bad precedent to, allow scamps - of * this class . escape unpunished^ asit will 'only en-, courage others.WLM may- feel' so dis-- posed to fallow However it is to-, be hoped he has been taught' a. lesson LIPT easily forgotten; 1 ' The lov-er ALSO, received; a sewre shock to the nervous, system, but what. iBrauclr,worse is the. .opinion his : KWEYT- BRART will entertain, of his promises of 'protection in future^ ' 