OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] NEW YORK, 15TH OCTOBER Just at this time the residents of New York and of the Atlantic seaboard generally are dis- cussing with much satisfaction two events of the last fortnight. In the first place they have seen one of the greatest engineering feats of the age successfully accomplished. Flood Rock been blown up, and an important obstruc- tion to navigation between New York nnd the East is removed. Flood Rock was a rock which lay in the channel of Hell Gate, the passage connecting the harbor of New York with Long Island Sound, and many a craft has come to grief on its jagged surface and sides. It was one of several rocks, but it was the most ex- tensive of the entire lot, and its removal has been the perplexity of many engineers. In 1876 a rocky projection on the shore near by, known as Hallett's Point, was demolished to the great advantage of the channel. The rock was honeycombed with shafts and tunnels, and 60,000 pounds of powder and nitroglycerine were exploded simultaneously by means of elec- tricity. The operation was successful, and the fragments of the broken reef were afterwards removed by grappling. Work began immedia- tely upon Flood Rock, and General John New- ton, the officer in charge of the enterprise, promised to complete it in six or eight years. Operations have been suspended several times, owing to lack of the necessary appropriations by Congress, and thus it happens that, nine years have elapsed. But last week everything was ready; on area of 9 acres of rock and nearly all of it under water, had been tunnelled and honeycombed until the island formed a sort of catacomb, in which one might easily lose his way. Only a small part of the island was ordinarily visible, even in the lowest tides, and on this portion was the shaft through which the excavation was begun, and where all the debris of removed rock was hoisted to the light. A huge derrick stood over this shaft, and below it was a boiler which supplied the power for driving the tun- nelling engines and other necessary machinery. It was not deemed expedient to remove this derrick, as it was needed until all the explosives were in their places, and its removal might derange some of the connections, and either cause a premature explosion or prevent the mine going off at the right time. 270,000 pounds of dynamite were distributed through the pillars supporting the rock and in the roof which they upheld, and electric wires were laid so that the whole could be exploded simultane- ously. Many thousands of people assembled on the neighboring shore to witness the explosion ; the great number came from cariosity, but the list of scientific men who had other than idle reasons for being present was very long. Every professor of chemistry, and every min- ing or other engineer who could get away from his occupation or engagements, was there, and so were most of the prominent officials of the ad- ministration at Washington. Every place that commanded a view of the scene was black with people, while the headquarters of General New ton, at Hallett's Point, directly opposite Flood Rock, contained a distinguished array of in- vited guests. It had been announced that the mine would he fired at eleven o'clock exactly, and at that time all eyes were fixed on the spot. But matters were not quite ready, and it was thirteen minutes past the hour when the 9 acres of water covering the rock were lifted into the air, and the derrick toppled over and, lay half concealed among the debris. For two or three seconds the mass of water resembled an iceberg at a distance ; the water was forced up in places to a height of nearly 200 feet, and was as white as the spray of the ocean. As I looked on it from the neighboring solidity of Ward's Island it recalled the geysers of Iceland or Cali- fornia, or a section of the snowy range of the Alps as one views it from the top of the Rigi. What a pity it could not have been congealed where it stood and held there for a few months. It would have deserved a pilgrimage from all parts of the world. The rock is broken into fragments, which will be removed by dredging. Some of the fragments are inconveniently large, but they can be subdivided without much trouble. You can understand the magnitude of the work when you know that it will take six years to complete the dredging. If nature failed to favor us when she strewed the channel with rocks she has not been altogether unkind, as she left a hole 120 feet deep not 500 yards away from Flood Rock and Hallett's point. Into this hole all the debris of the latter place has been dumped without any material change in the depth, and it can receive the whole of Flood Rock, and still have 60 or 80 feet to spare. The removal of the rocks in Hell Gate has been the occasion of many irreverent jokes between the newspapers of Boston and New York. The latter aver that it is solely to accommodate Boston that Hell Gate is to be made wider, while Boston declares New York is satisfied with "tho narrow path," but longs for the "broad road." Jesting aside, the advantage to our coast communication is very great, and both Boston and New York will be vastly bene- fited. I remark, by the way, that the name "Hell Gate" does not mean what you might suppose. The place was called " Helle Gat" by one of the early Dutch navigators, on account of the beauty of the scenery along its banks, but the practical Englishman, who followed the Dutch- man, ran upon the rocks and corrupted the name into its present form. It was a girl's hand that hurled Flood Rock into the air when the reef at Hallett's Point was blown up. In 1876 the key was touched by the youngest child of General Newton ; she was then three years old and is now a miss of twelve. When all was ready last Saturday, the same hand — tiny then, and only a little less tiny now — depressed the key and completed the circuit through the net- work of wires. It was the greatest affair of the kind ever made (so say the engineers) the only explosions exceeding it having been accidental. The unscientific public had great fears for the result, and many persons living in the neighborhood thought they were to be blown out of house and home. General Newton and his staff believed differently, and said the only harm that would result would be the falling of plastering where it was loose, or some other slight mishap ; the explosives would expend their force in shattering the rock, and could not go around dealing destruction generally, and the result was exactly as they predicted. The ground shook as though in a slight shock of an earthquake, but that was all; not a dozen square yards of plas- tering were thrown down, perhaps 50 panes of glass were broken, and in the neighboring vil- lage of Astoria two unused and ancient chimneys were crumbled to the ground. The whole island of Manhattan, on which New York is built, felt the shock, but nobody was hurt in person or property. General Newton, may ex- plode a thousand tons of dynamite at his next performance, and we shall have confidence that he will confine it within proper bounds. Another experiment interesting to the scien- tific world, and to us in particular, as we want defences for our port, is going on in New York Harbor — the trial of a gun throwing dynamite. As is well known, this powerful explosive is sent off by concussion; consequently a shell charged with it cannot be fired from a gun like an ordinary shell filled with powder. It has been tried several times with unsatisfac- tory results, as it demolished the gun every time, and guns cost money. Lieutenant Zalin- ski, of the U.S. army, has invented a gun for firing dynamite shells. It is a tube of iron and wood, lined with brass, and the propulsive force is supplied by atmospheric air com- pressed to a pressure of 1,000 pounds to the square inch. The air is let into the tube through a series of valves. It starts the shell gently, and increases the speed to something near that of a cannon ball before the muzzle of the gun is reached. At recent experiments shells charged with dynamite, and others with nitro-glycerine, were thrown a mile and a quarter with perfect success. They were ar- ranged to be exploded by contact with a target or on touching the water, and as they con- tained 100 pounds of these high explosives those who are familiar with thoeperformances of dynamite or nitro-glycerine can imagine the result, if the target had been a hostile ship trying to make her way into our harbor. A battery of dynamite guns ought to blow up an entire fleet without half trying, provided al- ways the fleet will come near enough for use of the new weapons. What with torpedo boats, iron clads of divers kinds, 100-ton guns and this latest diabolism of dynamite throwing the art of war is certainly one of the dangerous practices of the age. In the business world since my last there has been a continuance of cheering signs, and not only signs but a great deal more. Factories and foundries are resuming operations ; prices are advancing ; workmen receive better wages : and the stock speculation of Wall-street has taken an upward turn. Gambling in stocks may be taken as an evidence of prosperity. Whenever times are good the lambs come for- ward for the shearing as regularly as the changes of the moon or the procession of the equinoxes, and certainly their plaintive bleats are far more audible now than they were a twelvemonth ago. The volume of daily trans- actions is doubled ; the brokers that haunt the clubs are increasing their orders for bar and restaurant, and many who for months have tasted nothing stronger than beer are now solacing their thirst with champagne. It is an off year in politics generally, though the State elections of Ohio, New York and a few other States serve to keep up some of the interest and afford chance for talk. Ohio has just gone Re- publican, and New York is pretty certain to do so when her time comes, a fortnight hence, though nothing can be surely counted upon before the votes are all in. The past few years have made a great change in political methods throughout the country, and the Mugwump occupies a front place. Ferhaps you may ask what a Mugwump is. Well, he is the independent voter, who re- fuses to be held by party allegiance, fealty, or any other shibboleth, but labors in behalf of the candidate whom he considers the best, without regard to party lines. Two years ago great numbers of Republicans were dissatisfied with the way their candidate for governor in New York was nominated : they stayed away from the polls altogether, or voted for the de- mocratic nominee. The same thing happened throughout the country in the presidential election last year many thousands of Republi- cans distrusted Mr. Blaine and his surround- ings ; they were derisively called Mugwumps, an aboriginal term equivalent to "hicocka- lorum" or "swell." They accepted the appella- tion and adopted it, and now we may be said to havo three political parties, Republicans, De- mocrats, and Mugwumps. Down to this autumn the Mugwumps were nearly all drawn from the Republican ranks, but just now the Democratic managers in this State have made a bad nomination, and many intelligent Demo- crats have become Mugwumps, and will vote the Republican ticket, or will not vote at all. All or nearly all the Republicans who were Mugwumps last year are now back in the ori- ginal fold, and as Cleveland was elected presi- dent by the aid of Republican Mugwumps so Davenport is likely to be chosen governor of New York, by the aid of Democratic ones. Henceforth party lines will not be so closely drawn, and there is a prospect of purer politics in future, when it is known that the best men of either party will vote with the other side when the management of their own party is unwise or dishonest. Hitherto the adherents of the Democracy could be almost universally relied upon to vote their party ticket without question, and the most of the "kicking" was done by Republicans. Now that the Democrats have taken to kicking, and are doing it vigorously, the managers of both parties will be more cautious in their methods, and will give us better men and measures. Rascals may not be altogether eliminated from politics — nothing short of a millennium could do that — but they must take a back seat. The great lawyers of New York are having a royal time just now in the contest of wills in- volving vast amounts of money. Several cases of this kind have been before the courts in the past few months ; the most important and re- cent have been those of the estates of Jesse Hoyt and John Anderson. Mr. Hoyt was a wealthy merchant, who left an erratic daughter, for whom he thought he had made ample pro- vision before devising the bulk of his property to other persons. She seeks to break his will on the ground of undue influence, and the trial of the case in court has displayed an amount of soiled linen sufficient to give profitable occupa- tion to a first class laundry. The case turns on the insanity of the daughter, and as the argu- ments on each side have taken several days, you can readily understand that the testimony was voluminous. John Anderson made fame and fortune through the manufacture of smoking and chewing tobacco ; when his carriage, it was said that his crest on the door of the vehicle displayed the motto quid rides. In his case the validity of the will is challenged on the ground of his insanity, and the testimony shows that he used to see ghosts and all sorts of uncanny things. To- wards the end of his days he complained of being visited by the spook of Mary Rogers, the pretty cigar girl whose mysterious murder half a cen- tury ago was the sensation of the day, and furnished Edgar A. Poe with the plot of his story The Mystery of Marie Roget. What ever may be the result, the lawyers are certain to profit by these contests, as their fees are large, and they take care to secure their payment before going on with a case. It has become the fashion to dispute the will of a millionaire, even on the slightest pretext. The business has been somewhat checked in the State by a law passed a few years ago which prevents the fees of the contestants being paid out of the estate when the contestant is de- feated. Under this rule the heir, who is cut off with a shilling or nothing at all, cannot bring suit unless he has money to begin the fight with or his case is so clear that he can secure counsel on a contingent fee. But when the contestant has an ample provision to start with, he has no trouble in getting into court, and this is the position of things in the impor- tant suits just mentioned. A Hibernian might say that if a rich man wants his name to rest in peace his best plan would be to die poor. 