ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY THE GHOST.] The uninteresting and fruitless debate on the Licensing Bill still continues. Member after member rises to repeat all the old arguments put forward ad nauseam for and against the bibulous habits of the people, repeating what has been said and written much more forcibly hundreds of times before, concluding, invariably with the statement that although favourable to the principles of the measure, he will deem it his duty to oppose it on the third read- ing unless it is considerably modified in Committee. This evident desire to swim between two waters is one of the chief fea- tures of all the speeches delivered, except- ing by one or two rampant teetotalers, who will hear of no compromise and who desire to bring everyone over to their view of things. They boldly avow that could they have their way, not only the club bar but the private sideboard of the ordinary house- holder should be under police supervision. As yet only about 25 per cent. of the As- sembly members have favoured the coun- try with their views; and strange as it may appear, not a single member of the Government has risen to reply to the criti- cisus offered on the cill. Perhaps it is a because the Premier is absent, confined to his house by the prevailing epidemic of "fog fever" that the proceedings are at present rather of the " go-ayou-please" order. "When the cat is away, the mice will play," says the proverb, and thels absence of Mr. Service from his seat at the head of the Treasury bench has been the signal for a good deal of disorganization in the House. Mr. Gaunson, whose power for mischief surpasses that of a monkey, has announced his decision to speak for two whole evenings on the provisions of the Licensing Bill, and as he generally keeps his word-when he promises to be ob- structive-there is no probability of the division being taken on the second reading on Thursday, as announced by the Govern- ment and the leader of the Opposition. By this time everybody is heartily weary of the debate, and the stay in the flood of petitions which last week overflowed the table of the Assembly is a plain indication that the time has come when the sluice gates of " yabber" ought to be closed. The silly silence maintained by the Go- vernment in regard to the proceedings of the court martial held on the second batch of the "Queenscliff mutineers" has at last been broken, and broken with vengeance. Mr. Berry, the Chief Secre- tary, in reply to a question, not only re- vealed the decision of the Court of Inquiry held "to investigate the causes that led up to the.insubordination of the Permanent Artillery force," but in defiance of all precedent and military etiquette made public the sentence of the court-martial before it had been read on parade. A few more such open violations of military law on the part of those who "ought to know better," and discipline will become im- possible in the Victorian "army." In connection with this episode and Mr. Berry's volubility in blurting out what should, according to all rule, have been kept secret until promulgated by the military authorities in due course, it is matter for regret that the Chief Secretary is not afflicted in the same way as his honourable colleague the Premier, Mr. Service, so the official bulletin has it, "is suffering from a loss of voice which pre- cludes his speaking in the Assembly." What a pity the complaint does not assume a virulent epidemic form in the House! The whole of the Scots' Church contro- versy is likely to be opened up again on an application by the late congregation of the reverend gentleman to have the ban removed which precludes them from selecting their own Sunday preacher, and compels them to "sit under" any reverend gentleman the Presbytery may appoint. The refusal to remove the "inhibition"— and it is generally thought the Presbytery ihill refuse to remove it-will inevitably kindle afresh the flame of the old rancour which still smoulders among the congre- gation of the Rev. Charles Strong. A petition presented to the Government by Mrs. Jones, of the Glenrowan Hotel, recalls to mind the days of the "Kelly gang." It will be remembered that during the " siege" of the hostelry kept by " the widow Jones" her two children were wounded by the rifles of the police. The aggrieved mother now alleges that her children have been permanently disabled, and that a salve of golden ointment is requisite to heal their hurts. As the wounds were inflicted by Government servants, there seems a certain amount of justice in the Bxecutivo being asked to make compefisation. In all probability the application for a monetary grant to the unfortunate sufferers will be favour- ably considered. We are not yet fairly into the "silly season," when big gooseberries and snakes are lugged in to furnish paragraphs for the starving-for-lack-of-matter journalist, but there is nevertheless a great dearth of-in- teresting reading in the metropolitan daily papers. And so it happens that they have opened their columns to a long and ani- mated controversy on the Galatien Lapse, in which the chief disputants are Dr. Moorhouse, the Anglican Bishop, and Dean Slattery, of Geelong, the hero of the "free and flashing sword." The respec- tive partisans of the reverend gentlemen both claim a victory on behalf of their champion, and as 99 out of every hundred people know very little about the Galatian Lapse, and care less, the question as to the right to wear the controversial palm is likely to remain undecided. On what small things great events turn is perhaps to be once more exemplified in regard to the Victorian-Tasmanian reci- procity treaty. Tasmanian raspberries are in this case the cause of the trouble. The Victorian growers of this fruit-which, by the way, only can be cultivated in the hilliest and most remote corners of the colony-have been interviewing the Chief Secretary to ask him to be true to his hustings promises, and protect a "native industry." Mr. Berry, for once, appeared clothed as a free trader and in his right mind, adducing facts and figures which would have de- lighted even the Cobden Club, and demol- ishing the old protectionist fallacies in a way much to be commended in so staunch an advocate of the restrictive "policy of the country." It will be a matter for deep regret if the first real step towards Aus- tralasian federation is baulked by any such paltry considerations as the interests of a few raspberry growers. The news that the Royal assent has been given to the Federation Enabling Bill has not created the sensation such an import- ant epoch in the history of this great southern land should have done. For it marks in very sooth the birth of a new empire, destined in years to come to rival the glories of the one whence it sprang. No doubt the attitude of New South Wales and New Zealand has done a good deal towards cooling the enthusiasm tlhat the creation of a really United Australia would have been sure to evoke. It is to be hoped, however, that the parent colony will before long get over its fit of the sulks ; and if the style of Mr. Stuart's letters to Mr. Service affords any indication of the real feeling of the sister colony, there is little doubt that there are no serious obstacles in the way to prevent New South Wales being included in the federal scheme be- fore many months have gone by. August 20. An eldery, strong-minded maiden walked into a New York editor's sanctum with a roll of foolscap in her righth and thicker than her arm-it was at least an inch in diameter— and after introducing herself to the editor, said, "I have here some orignal poetry which—" Here the editor fell out of his chair to the floor an apparently dead man, and when the sub-editor rushed into the room the frightened maiden exrclaimed, " I didn't kill him I I just hold up this roll of poetry to himn to look at, and he follover." " Hain't you got sense enough to know," put in the office boy, "that a big roll of poetry will hill an editor quicker than dvnamlite ?" 