T.B.C. Autumn Events. ,.; .-V BY CASPIAN. : ;. .v.?..,,-.:".,.<, Although the first ^forfeit for ; tho two principal autumn handicaps-tho ^Newmarket ; and Australian Cup-has been made,' there is ¡ no .great ' amount of excitement to ohroíiiélo; ^; No doubt the ' boat race between Clifford and . Hanlan is absorbing most interest in our sporting' oirclös,* but in a few days matterB will? assumeV ftt moro lively aspect. Last week I was compelled to. deal in a Very brief manner .with the two autumn handicaps, but even had a more lengthy review , been ¡ made of - th« handicaps, I dont soo ; that < the purpose would haye been better answered. Out of six animals chosen by- mo, two, viz^, Leporello and Sir Garh.et, haye been backed for thousands of pounds. Up io tho present time" .there*are".over three seore and ton romaiuingin _iho Newmarket Handicap, and 34 in the Australian Cup. Malua,' although weighted at 10st 41b, isi îhuoh bettorttreatod: than'Fryingpan was last year, »nd .1 »rn. (jwito. bertain that he is a better and moro-brilliant animal, which should moke bia cU*nce a real good one. In Iböking »vcr his"recent form, I'think he .will beat two-tkirda of the horsee ont#r9& ,Aíter him Archi», 8st 181b, will require no end of beating. "With 8sfc îlb he romped home for tho Bagot Flaw, ono mil« »nd a çnarfcer, heating suoh flyers as Fryingpan,Boolkft, Capri and Dirk Hatteraiok. At 8st Ub i find Soldier Boy »ad Baitaüous. Tho for meroarried 0a* in the last handicap, ¿nd ran very forward { in fact, he could have obtained a position if ridden ont. Ho afterward eaiao cwt and won the Bourka. Handicap of seven furlongs with8at lllb in the saddle, beating Claptrap, Sst iib, ia 1.81. Thora wore 25 othor (starters, iucludiug Malua, 9st 71b. Now Claptrap meets him on 81b botter tarma, which should maké.hia chanco a good ono. Coningsby.has recovérod from the fits of froctionsnosa ho is subject td, a*nd will race well if Mr. Dakinean manage to bring him fit .to tho post. Tho Ghost has boon rooeiving a good amount of attention during tko post weok,-but ; I don't think he ia'quito brilliant enough to wina New niorket Handicap. Meander, by ,Coatlo Hill; a son of Voltigenr, is a very fast horao, and preferable to- Th« Ghost.- .Claptrap I like very well. Surprisa, by Countryman from Venus, ia ono of .tho mainstays of South Australia so far ho haa no credentials more than tho support accorded him by the followers of Harry.;Tothill's.¡ atable; .Voiooipodo, who hails from Queenaland^ifi by tho imported Fon man, a very near relativo of old' Panio, and supposed to have,an immense look in, .. .Tho foot of his party: Bonding him ,such A^journeyia » guarantee of his foodneas; Coronet, ^Vat, ¡ (md Bonnie Sootland, Cst lb,-- tafhlin.il from Taemiamo, and aro by tho great -sire St."Albans. The pa>ir have added winning brockets tox their aamoa ; -and 'of the latte-r I hwvr very , - good ftooounts. Bohns :,is another : that should mn - a great . rape with such a light burdon. as 6st. -, Amongst tho abovomontionod horaos ,thore »re mow not previ ously taien note of, »rid. othors- »g>ain that I do no4 think havo a show if oarryiug the prororbial postage stamp, on th'oir back. Howover, boforo making a final selection of the throe.I must witnoas the horaoa do their gallops,^-Tho Australian Cup appoara a r^ttygSDpd' thing for bid Commotion now that tho owner of David has rondo up bia mind .to ros orre tho colt for tho Logor .and Champion/ Next to the grand old scion-of tho '" House bf Veniaon,"Off Colour roads wiall,, ao doon {Ringwood,! 7st 81b, oe 51b leasTthan ho oomàd in"tho '.Chip last year. At ;. that'.' poriöd hist party were BO-, sanguine . ' of his. suoooss that ?,,th©y '?aocopted 100 to 10 freely. This yoar there ia nothing Vary brilliant iii the handicap,- and I fahey the son of 'St. ' Albftiia, and Dooeption should 'run very, ' wall. vHblone, 7st Sib, I thmk l orie of tho: boat troatod "animals in the Est, ; so is Brown . andi Boo« and MinorTO,-tne lattor pair espooially so, oh tho form .displayed-ür tho ' Suramor Kod ? Tattersall's Cups. Aéolyto,a'''rtinning in Goalong'has broughtjhia name:' Jnt'ó muoh pTominanoo', but I don't think ho Vrill stay, I .judging from his brooding. His dam Nightingale is by 1 ;Porthofl, by Pooping Tom, while herdamwoflimportoa j Approbation by Wild Huntsman. So far, I think, if anything boats the old "hero" fi will ooma from I Ähigwood, Heleno, or Brown and Eoao. This year's St. ' /Leger does not command much attention, in foot, the throe-yoar-olds aro bnt a poor lot,, and quite ton pounds below the pas* two ar throo seasons' lots. I 'ool quite certain that snob aa Chostor, First King, ¡Grttnd Flaneur, Progresa, or Nfvrigato* oould give iBargo or ífcufna fully l-4lb and a boating oror any course. Up to tho present timo Bargo and David ; command most atto- ntion, and oithor should win tho laat .groat olassic OTcnt of thc fall of tho nooson of 183-L-5. Tha Champion I?«co looks » good thing1 for old Com moron, tráteos Lo Grand can bo brought hook to last Lye'ar's form. Garfield may bo rt, likely oandidato for Champion honoura ; and with Bargo and Da-rid oon I testing tho ovont, a fairly interesting moo VOAJ ho wituossod. Tlio Ancot Valo Stako.i and Siros' Pvor i duce Stakes shonld fall to tho lot of tho Hon. Jas. -White, with tho aid of Monto Christo or Uralla, and ¿he other ovent to Bargo. \ Tho Liverpool Jockey Cl lr have fired upon March ;17 to hold a day's racing". The programme. will be ; found elsewhere, by which it "will be seen that the ¡ i general entry olosos on March .4. ; : ;i - \' Last Thursday morning I paid tho Baridwick traiñ t.ing groitnds a visit, but did not witness anything of ¡|an'exciting nature. ' Prodigal'galloped a useful six i furlongs/. Battailous and Gostwyck "were sent once ..round, anä several others put!in useful work. 