Terrible Accident at the Caul | field Races. (feom our own coerespoitdent. MELBOURNE, StmDAT. In the history of Australian racing there is no such unfortunate accident recorded as that which occurred in the Caulfield Cup on Saturday. The field of horses was, with a single exception, the lareest that ever started for a race in the colonies, and that was when The Ghost won the Ladies' Trophy at Caulfied in 1883, when a field of 42 horses ran. All went well in the race till the horses were approaching the turn, where Too Too had struggled to the front and was leading by a bare neck, with Claptrap hugging the rails on her left, and Sardius galloping immediately on her right. The turn, which is considered the most difficult part of the course, was yet some distance ahead, and the horses, who were well strung out in what is really the broadest stretch of the whole track, were crowding on the rails in order to get the inside running for the rush up the straight to the winning-post. How Too Too came down is not known, even the riders of the leading horses holding different opinions as to what horses were really first down, or how they felL, The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she would be tiring at the time, the most probable theory — that favoured by many persons who were standing near the spot at the time— is that her front legs crossed with those of either Sardius or Claptrap, probably the former. From the stand the white jacket and blue cap— the colours worn by the rider of Too Too — seemed to sink suddenly into the ground. There was a clash of struggling houses ; silk-dad jockeys were hurled here and there in wild confusion, riderless and bridleless horses «u/iM/locl)TnA- O Dto wrljilo ntltAM limtwul rtff and unou i iiQ nwiie vuma vil cwm four of the jockeys, with two horses, lay quite still upon the turf as u they had been killed outright. The crowd extended nearly down to the point where the accident occurred, and almost before the last horse hadcleared the inanimate group, the jockeys were picked up. It was at once apparent that Donald Nicholson, one of the most popular of light- weight riders, had been killed instantly. He was riding Lord Exeter, and, strange to say, the horse was never knocked off his legs, but the shock hurled the rider with fearful violence against the white fenee. His skull would seem to have been crushed in, and blood was also streaming from a gash across his mouth. Cracknell's chest was crushed in from a blow. He lay quite helpless, though conscious, being able to describe his injuries and to take a glass of water from those who helped him. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on tne face, and he seemed to be worse than he really was. M'Grade jwho had been on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly. His nose was broken in, one arm hung loosely, and what with the dust end blood on his white face, those around thought that he also had been killed outright. M'Grath, the rider of Prinoe Imperial, was also ljrng senseless, having received a blow on the head when hu horse rolled over. The tiny rider Twomey lay stretched alongside his dead horse Urarah, who had been instantly killed. At first it seemed that both the horse and jockey were in the same condition, and the commiseration for the tiny boy lying on the end of the stretcher was greater on account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was one of the first down, and as the first horaes seemed to roll an top of him, his escape from instant death wasa miracle. He too was picked up unconscious, suffering from concussion of the brain. Some of the riders were able to walk, and others were assisted to the casualty room, while stretchers had to be furnished for five. At the casualty room the injured riders were attended by Drs. Fitzgerald, Williams, O'Hara, and others. His Excellency, who had arrived not long before the race, went down to make inquiries as to their condition, and, on learning the nature of the aocidtnt, he at mi* left the course. Mr. Speight, the chairman of the Railway Commissioners, volunteered to run a special train into Melbourne, so that those who were worst injured might be at once sent to the Melbourne Hospital. They were placed two and two upon stretchers and carried through a lane of people to the railway station, mounted troopers being required to keep the path clear. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was taken to the A 1 tied Hospital, and the dead body of Donald Nichol son was taken to his home at Richmond. The horses that came down were Sardius, Tom Drown, the Israelite, Despot, Prince Imperial, Impulse, Country Boy, Claptrap, Kingship, Tar- '? peia, Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, Too Too, and Urarah. Claptrap, one of the leaders, made a gallant to escape by jumping over Too Too as she fell, but Sardius e aa ho too went down, brought him to grief. Trahan got - oB wonderfully well, and was able to ride the winner after- i wards in the Windsor Handicap, Hutchins being the only 1 other one ' of those who came down who was 4 to take a mount afterwards. T. Brown, the i ^Mnr of Too Too, although in the very thickest of f fhs melee, escaped almost without injury, but the mare, i who was galloped over by a lot of horses, lay for some time m the ground apparently dead; but she afterwards rose and got away with some difficulty. The first three horses down were Too Too, Claptrap, qoirt Sardius. Prince Imperial was so close at their tiwdn that he seemed to fall with them; then Tom Brown, Despot, Impulse, Country Boy, Kingship, and Taipeia fell almost in a btinch, while Marie Louise, who was galloping with this group, was jnst far enough out to avoid the horses that came down in front of her. Amongst the last to fall were Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, and Urarah, tha latter being instantly killed. The fearful nature of the accident was shown in the condition of the horses as they rose. Prince Imperial and Sardius had their bridles torn away, while the saddle on the last-named was turned completely round. Tom Brown's saddle was Alan broken «md hanging, fn fragments. Some other horses came into colhsion^bnt they were able to keep their legs. Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown while ] ihe Sydney horse 'was straggling to roe. The shock was Bo great that Plausible was turned co pletely round, and Power, that his horse was injured, (linmnmitiJ Iioxd Wilton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being knocked forward out of his saddle by the shock, clung to his horse's neck, and came out all right. Amongst the horses most injured were the throe Who came down first, two of whose riders, as already stated, came off almost scatheless. Sardius is perhaps the worst of them, and it is very unlikely that he will be out again this spring. . Claptrap, who was very lame, was got to the stables with difficulty, and placed tinder treatment. It was at first thought that Too Too would have to be destroyed, but she improved afterwards, and can be got round. Sirocco was also cut about a good deal, bat the others seemed very little Ihe worse for the mishap. On the arrival of the special train which brought the sufferers to Melbourne, stretchers were pro cured, and Cracknell and M'Grath were carried on to the Melbourne Hospital, Dr. Williams, who had come from the course with them, attending to them on the way. M'Grade and the lad Twomey followed on another stretcher. The tidings of the accident had pre ceded them, and every preparation was made for their reception into the casualty-room. Drs Fitzgerald, Purdey, and Mollison were in waiting, assisted by Dr. Williams. Cracknell, who is 39 years of age and resides at New market, appears to have fallen on his left side. His ribs have become disjointed from the breast bone, and have been driven completely under it. He is also injured in ternally, but it is not known to what extent. Hia right thigh is considerably bruised and cut, and the shock which he sustained was so severe that it displaced his heart, M'Grath who also lives at Newmarket, is Buffering from a fracture of the base of the skull. Edward M'Grade, aged 25 years, is a resident of Band wick, Sydney. His right shoulder- blade is fractured and his nose is broken. Twomey is the least hurt of those in the Mebourne Hospital, having had his ribs fractured. He has been treated at this institution previously for injuries reoeived in a race. Morrison, the rider of Sirocco, had his arm broken, but his case was not considered serious enough to warrant his removal to the hospital, and he was taken home. Just before the crash came Nicholson called the attention of the jockeys beside him to the fact that Lord Exeter was pulling him out of the saddle. He had just remarked, ? Haven't I got a Boft thing to-day,' when he went down and was killed. Robert 'Wyman, ihe rider of Sardius, wh sustained concussion of the brain, had so tar improved at the Alfred Hospital this evening as to be able to converse | with the doctors. 