A team from tho Avocn Rifle Club are to try conclusions with the representatives Df the Talbot Club on the ground of the latter ou Wednesday next. There are to bo 'ten men on cnoh side, und the disluncas to ho tired are 200, 400, and 500 yards, as this is tho first matoh against an oppnsiug team by our local Club, great interest will he evinced in the rusult, and doubtless tho following members will return homo with a vory crodiluble sonrei— Messrs Campbell (enpt.) Archer, O'DonogllUc, Young, Gilbert, Chellow, Gale, Downton, W. Harris, W. Wiso and Glover. -r-- —-'ivcnna or ma vrvoea j'rogross Committco is to bo held in tho Shire Hall this ovening at half pnst sovon o'clock, to considor the question of sending delogntes to thoDocentralisation Leagues' Conferonco at Ballarat on tho 15lh inst. AVe have received tho " Australian Jour nal" for tho present month. It is got up in ita usual style and contains a largo quantity of reading matlor. Wo again remind our renders of tho ba zaar lo bo bold in tho Sliiro Hall tbo week after next, and from an announcement in our advertising columns it will be seen that Mrs Whitley dosiros all contributions to be loFt at M. M. Wiso nndCo's., us oarly as possible. Inspector JRcnniek is ngain in tho Moon- ambol distrlict on his regular tour of exami nation and inspection. On Tuesday ho ox- ii mined for results tho school at Iledbank, and on Wednesday that of Moonambel. Tbo examination of tho latter was a severe ono but thcohildren stood well tho tost, and proved equal lo tbo occasion, coming out with llio lino per oentage of 91.013. Two wero _ absentees. In eonnoetion with tiiis examination the inspector thus reports Tbo School has passod a good examina tion. Tho classes show excellent allnim- monts in nil subjects. I am woll satisfied witii tho work dono at tho examination. Good progress has been mado sinco last ex amination, and in progrnmmo tho attain ments nro vory satisfactory. Discipline vory good. Roeords complclo. Mr_G. W. Oxloy, tailor of Maryborough will visit Avoca for orders on Monday next, when ho may bo seen at tho Avona Hotol, or any gentleman loaving word at tho hotel can bo waitod on at his residenoo. Wo have roeeivod a copy of tho platform adoptod by (bo Sandhurst Branch of the Victorian Decentralisation Lcaguo, which is to bo suhmitted lo tbo convention of dele gates at Ballarat, on tho 15th inst., By a notification elsowhoro it will bo seen that the locnl Blue Ribbon Union intonds colobraliug its half- yearly anniversary, by a grand voeul and intrumontal onlortnin- mcnt in tbo Sliiro Hall, on Wednesday ovomng uext. W6" ar'o Tntormca — ttiar promises havo boon obtained from tho best local talent to tnko part and visitors are also orpocl'ed from Maryborough and Pereydale, so thai a really good programme should bo gono through on that ovening. The princi pal moiivoin making a special effort for this meeting is wo boliove on account of tho anx iety of tlm raembors (o pay off the balanco whioli remains on iho organ recently pur chased, and as that only amounts to tho'sum of £5_ wo think tliero will bono difficulty in securing an audience sufficiently largo to clear tho amount. Tho pricos of admission aro fixod at tho low rales of Is for adults and Od for children. Mr Campbell, the Inspector of sohools for this district reports as follows on tho examination held in the Avoca Stato School No. 4 on Wednosday,— " Tho examination gives evidence that (ho school is in a thoroughly satisfactory state, and that tho oiassos throughout have a good knowlodgo of the subjects of examination. I am also of opinion that tho programme is woll ad hered to. Although tho percentage of pro motions is not large good substantial pro gress lias bcon made during (ho year. Dis cipline vory good. Records made up to dato." Tbe porcontngp was 80. 882. Mr Campbell visited tho Avoca Lead school yesterday and bis report is similar to tbs abovo. Tho< percentage was very good almost reaching 91. The day of_ tho offioial landing of Lord Carrington will not bo a puhlio holiday, as was thought. The details of tho reception of previous Gorernou will bo strictly cu- furood, Mf Robert flairown I MT-A- for .Mary- bpraggli, ha? been compelled to resign his »egt in the kegjalstirp A«pmbir- owing to financial diiMliPJ: T'hP pnblio will be r&thPFflqrfjfiaoil; Aiid wiH fpel 4eP sympathy, for tljaf liQftQrublp BFRtleBleB» 0 re pleased to notjp that at ordinary roost iDRQf thpMaryborqngh Oouncil on Wed- novday niht p motion 179® Htl9Mn?oi|8ly carried osprossinc that body's extreme ro grot at tbo step Mr Bowman had, through force of circumstances, been called upon to take, Ho has dono an immense amount of work for his constituents during tho twenty years he has represented theiu in Parliament and will bo greatly missed. The following applications for licenses nnder the Land Acts 1889 end 1884 havo boon approved Patrick Daly, Yehrip; Alexander Mattbcwson, Glenlogio. License cancelled—John Harvey, Glenlogio. Ap plication for Grants approved — Andrew McNamara and Moneol Amarant, executors of John Phillips, Landsborough ; Walter Willinmsou, Eversley. Application for a lease epprnvod— Isaao Corntliwaito, Natto Yalloek. , A ' 'a-mceting in connection with tho Chut- > ol England, Moonambel, is to bo held r:v, Tuosday, tho 17th inst., and in tho ovcnii...' a lecture is to bo delivered by the Vert. A roh'deacon Julius, of Ballarat, who, wo can ini'orm our readers at Moonambel and otlier portions of tbo district, will afford his bearers a rare intellectual treat, and one that will perhaps not bo heard again for some time. The tickets are issued at the modcrato price of 2s for tea and locture, nnd >« iliu object i« in raise funds for tho ciiuroU snofiM be a vory. large tmeuuuncir.— . - We aro requested ,o draw tho atlbiilibn of lovers of llio (orpsielioroan art to tho plain and fancy dress ball to be given in tho Shire Hill on Tuesday evening next, as a compliment lo the ladies who assisted at tho Fire 'Brigade Spor's Bazaar and to con clude 'be present season of the Quadrille Club. The tickets, which may be obtained from 'he Scorotary or any member of the Coumitloo are, we have been informod, going off rapidly so that there ahould be a good ntlondanco. Mrs Yates, wife of Mr Yatos, sharcbrokor was killed by being ran over by a railway trail while orossing tho Croswick road, near tiio Jeuietcry, at about noon yostcrday, and aiioilicr woman nnrao unknown, was run DVfj by tho eleven forty-five train from IU larat to Scarsdalo in tho morning, near Kcirsdalo Junction and killed instan- l.KOUsly. Tho latter had ample timo gi t cloarof the train, but was supposed tu be under tho influence of drink. No bltme can bo attached to the engino driver G'.cnisler. Hr R. B. Stamp is announcod as a can- dicato for tho Maryborough seat, rendered vacant by tho insolvency of Mr Bowman. In an "order of tho day" to tho army His Majosty tho Czar warmly praises tho conduct of tho Bulgarian and Roumoliun troops in their recent encounters with tho Servians News was received in Molbourno on Wednesday night of tho deatli of Sir Peter Scratehley, British High Commissioner for Now Guinea. Upon the announcement being made in Parliament, botli Houses im mediately adjourned. " Men of the Timo" says:— Colonel Peter II. Scratehley, Royal Engineers, born in Paris in 1835, is tile youngest son of the late Dr. ,. Scratehley, Royal Artillery; was educated at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, from which he passed out nt the head of his hatch, and received u commission ns Second Lieutenant in the corps of Royal Engineers in Eehruary, 1854\. After studying at tho School of Military Engineering for n short term he proceeded io Dover, where lie was em ployed in military engineering duties, until ordered. In ill, i Crimea in the Sllllimnr of .185.5,- l"ie .Raifwav Commissioners hnvedeoidca to roorgiiniso the claims and enquiry office of the Railway Dupurtineut, by pluciug it under the control of Mr Francis, the assis tant trnilio iminagor. Hitherto the offico has been managod by Mr Moss, who has been granted throe months' leuvo of absence, but it is understood Hint ut tho end of that time bo will resign. Tbo new refrigerating chambers nt the Wooloomooloo Fish Market liavo been opened, and will it is thought, prove a great boon. It is tiio intention of tiio Public Service Commissioners to cause nil examination to bo _ held for both lliu clerical nnd non- clorical divisions of the public scrvico some lime in February next. The positions to be competed for aro chiefly operators, male and female, draughtsmen in tbo clerical division ; and telegraph messengers and asylum wardors iu the (ho non-clerical divi sion. _ Intending candidates should at onco send in applications lo the Public Sorvico Board, pursuant to regulations, copies of wliioh can bo seen nt all offices, and obtained at tbo liead office of the board. On Monday afternoon a Chinaman named Ah Shoo, a harmless, inoffensive trader, was shot dead on the Forest road, near Orange, in Now South Wales. No eluo to tho per- potrntor of tho deed lias been obtained. Tlie man had monoy on him, which was un disturbed. A curious onso isoablogrnphod from New Zealand, A female inmate of tho Lunatic Asylum nt Napier lias diod of starvation, i having porsistantly refused to tuko food for forty days. Sueli refusals uro not un common in hospitals for tho insane, but tho modical men are genorally able to deal with tliom oithor by persuasion or treatment, and there aro probnbly somo peculiarlfenlures in this onso not reported, which will be interest ing as showing how long life can really bo supported without nourishment. Our readers will doubtless romomber tho ease of Dr Tanner, who made a similar oxporimont voluntarily, ibut whoso; wifo stated after wards that lie had takon sustonanco iu tho shapo qf.a.lozeiige.. Tho nttontion of tho Ministor of Lands was drawn in tho Assembly on Tuesday to Ihemnnnor in which tho laws relating to tho travelling of sheep in tho colony is ovaded. Mr Russoll slated that largo flocks aro oontinualiy travelling ovor the Com mons and lownsliips, destroying tho pasture nnd polluting tho walor used for domestic and other purpoaos. Mr Tucker admitted that complaints have boon roeeivod as to the injury and loss caused by flocks de scribed ns travelling sheop. He stated that tbore was no doubt that in many instances tbo provisions of seotions 128 and 129 of Land Aet, 1884, bad been improperly taken advantage by tho owners of sheop not legiti mately travelling." Full inquiry is lo bo mado with a view to tho amendment, if ne cessary, of t,ho law, but owing to tho lato- ness of the session it is not likely that any immediate ohango will be mado, Tho attraotivenoes of tho police serviee to a certain class of young men in search of employment was exemplified a fow days ago, whon tho Cliiof Comissioner of Polico invited candidates for appointment as mounted constables. It is proposed to strengthen tho mounted police by engaging about thirty extra men, end no fewer than 2G0 applicants prosonted themselves to Mr Chomloy, and sought to bo enrolled iu the foroe. Tho Liboral party appears to bo retrieving some of its losses in tho later contests in England, Tho returns now show that 182 Liberals hsvo been olooted, against 100 Oon- i Birvotivps aud 29 Parnellitos, Jn oonnootion with tho oonoesston made by the Ministor on Tuesday night, when tho education estimates were under diacus- sioq, it lias not been clearly understood that the £30,000 to be placed on tho sup plementary estimates is to recoup teaohers for wages thoy have not received since the passing of tile new Public Service Act, _ in viety of their improved classification dating from Iho passing of the Act. A new Bill will bo required' to placo fourth and flflli olass teacucrs'oq a footing nearly equal to tliql of tho same class in other brandies of the service, and to this Bill the Govern ment are committed by the speooh of the Minister of Education although _ the measure cannot be introduced this session. The hour of " recess" is approaching and contemporaneously with it appears the usual cheerful readiness on tiio part of Ministprs to promiso to " look into" every thing and anything during that halyoon timo of leisure and repose. " IIow often Oh, how ofton" liavo thoy been broken. Natural history turns out many curious phenomena, : but a Minister which really " looks into" any business during a recess especially at Christmas time, has not yet been included in tho list of specimens. No, it is timo for enso, and Ministers take it, It is a time for picnicing, junkottlng and revelling; and they pic-nic, junket and and revel accordingly. The Treasurer, packs his Gladstone and hies him (o tho seashore with thoughts as far removed from tho Budget as thoso of an ordinary lion are from allowing a lamb to remain bis un molested bedfellow. Tho Chief Secretary tabont pr.par.'." for. K r'l> I" H'ntmnTiic. Io il.A cause" of religion and raspberries. " The Attorney-General flings away his note-book and resigns himself to a persistent study of tho words, "Gentlemen of tho Jury," as conncctod with a summing up. The Minister of Edaoation and Railways con gratulates himself on being bored with trains and teachers i and the great authority on irrigation contomplates tho possibility of adding an other chapter to that report wliioh has oleotrifled every cngineor from General Sankcy downwards, As to " work" that hat nothing lo do with a recess. Unfortu nately, howevor in this instance, Ministors will bo haunted by tho spectres of tho com ing General Eleotion. It will hover over their pillows, and be present as a skeleton at their feasts ; so that if thoy do have any spare timo for " work," it will probably ba devoted to " laying the ghost," in the shape of placating constituents. What a field for conjecture and enterprise.' In Victoria, says Judge Trench, punish ment by imprisonment has proved a signal and most disastrous failure. Judges pro- nounoo sontenoo for a first offence with fear and trembling, knowing that tho proba bilities are that the unfortunato convict in tho dock will cmorgo from tho gaol a very much worse man than lie was when he first received his scntenco. Every sentence of imprisonment under tho existing system of ueiiul discipline is in fact solitary confine ment to an intolerable, most reprehensible degree. _ "Let overy man," continues the leurned judge, " ascertain for himself tho dark, revolting evils of tho system, and their will be no difficulty in putting a right interpretation on and fully justifying my words." Emphatically he declares that the ullor ruin, body and soul, of numbers of hu man beings, where tiio solitary system is practised cries to Heaven for its complete abolition. The latest news to hand from Burnish confirms tlint previously received, that on the arrival of tho British expeditionary force at Ava, slight opposition was en countered, but tliat shortly afterwards General Prondurgast met the Burmese Em bassy, which, after some purlying, offered lilt a I s u rr.ui d " r on. b«lialf_of. Tho chief Wahauni has presented tho lion. J. Bttllnnne, tho Native Minister, with a'l'ailia, or war baton, to signify that no morn fighting shall take place between tho English and the Waikato tribes. The baton lias been treasured for many genora- tioDs past, and is a long Btaff, carved and ornamented with dog's hair and kaka feathers. Tho Postmaster-General forwarded on Tuesday tho following cablegram to Mr Stead, tho editor of the " Pall Mall Gazotto" Immense Melbourne meeting sendH sympathy. Indignation sontenoe. James Campbell, Postmastor-Gonoral, Violoria, Chairman." This cablegram forms the substance of tho resolutions passed at the Temperance Hall, Russel street. In submitting the monthly report of tlie work at Dookio Farm, tlie managor, Mr Herdman, reports that tho woathor was vory dry up to tho 25th ull., whon the rain began to fall heavily, but too late to bonefit tbo grain harvest, aud the yield will be vory light. The grape yield will, however, bo greatly increased, and tho supply of grass is now plentiful. Tho experiments with tho silo pit are in progress 38J tons of groen foddor having boon put down. Thoinsilago has shrunk 2j feot, but Mr Ilerdman states tho materiel used was not so green as could have been desired. Tho look-out of tho employes of Good- sell Bros., Nowton, still continues. Both mastors and men soem inclined to hold out. Tho whoio affair arose out of taking a holi day on tho occasion of tho recent Eight Hours' demonstration. A party of seven farmers, of Whilomooth Canada havo written to tho Secretary for Agriculture, intimating thoir intention (o settle in Australia, and asking for particu lars rolatiro to tho land laws of Victoria, tho agricultural prospeats and other mat- bars affecting the interests thsy represent. Tho party havo in all 50,000 dols. Thoy will bo supplied with the information at the command of tho department. The Tullaroop Shire Oounoil are the do- fondants in an action to be brought by Mr Grsnio nf the Whifa Hills, for injuries «u«. tamed by Ins wife on aocount of tho negli' genco of tho oounoil. Damages aro laid at £1,500. With reference to tho Lieensing Bill, tbo Counoil deeidod to insist on its amend ment, whioh tho Assembly rejeotod, provid ing for the transfer of a liconse to another locality by 20 to 10. Tho Bill passed through its remaining stagos, and was re turned to the Assembly. It is stated, soys tho Herald, tliaT on tho Victorian lines of railway there were, last month, 91 oases of wilful damage. As the proporty damaged belongs to tho Stato, overy man in tho country lias an interest n it, and every dooont person ahould do all in liis powor to bring to justice the mis creants who wantonly damage the railwav oarriagos. J" Tho Railway Commissioners havo ae- ceplod tho tender of Briaooo and Comeauv for nearly £220,000, for the supply of 40,020 tons of steel rails and fish plates for the now lines. In this colony, writes a Melbourne cor respondent, we do not often hear ot clergy, men dying very wealthy, and if such an oc currence does lako place it is "fow and far between. It appears, however, a case lieard in the equity court reoently. disolosed tlie foot that a Wesloyan clergyman (of all persuasions the most remarkable to be rich) the Rov. Teorgs Hurst, of Burwood, Syd- d07, . SSI diod' and left Prrerly in Now South Wales worth £37,811 and in V?0 borm worth £74.072, in all worth £112,383 The property iu Victoria included the well- known Temple Court buildings, 