THE SINS OF THIS AGE IN THE CHURCH. [By the Rev. H. A. Lanolev/.I The passage in 2 Tim. ii., 1 &c;, is designed to show the: condition of the outward pro fessing church, but the question we have to do with now is rather the sins of the church in its truest sense, the body of Christ. Even here, alas, there is much that is contrary to the mind and will of God. Let us remember that the sins we deplore are indulged in by our brethren, we cannot cut ourselves off from them, we deplore them and confess them, but we are forced to deal with them in sadness of spirit, because they mar the beauty ,of_ that spiritual body as represented among us, for- which the Lord shed His precious blood. The first I would notice is the sin of unreality. What was the reason of the awful judgment that came down on Ananias and Sapphira at the very foundation of the church of God? God forsaw that the sin of unreality would be the great besetting sin of the church of God, and therefore He condemned it at the very beginning by a signal act of judgment. They kept back part of the price, they professed one thing-, they_ acted another, and God at once marked this class of sinasalieto the Holy Ghost, the body was destroyed that the spirit might be saved in the day of the Lord. .Now this sin of unreality is specially marked in this age. Look at the hymns that are sung among Christian people — hymns composed under special circumstances in an hour of great spiritual fervor. They are now used without that fervor, aud become unmeaning and unreal words. We sing — Kearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Tliee ; Even though it be a cross, That raiseth me. Do we mean it ? Are we real ? Then again in prayer, how many pious sentiments are uttered, no real heart meaning in . them — words, words, only words. Cin we doabt that this unreality so manifest! is one of the sins of mis age in tue cnurcn. Again, selfishness is a sin of this church. Love of ease — of refinement, tlie indulgence of artistic but expensive tastes, how do these interfere with the progress of the work of God. Many a lady has great opportunities for pro moting the kingdom of God by using her house, by extending her hospitality to others in a Christian way. Her social position, her love of ease, keep her back. She is not prepared in this sense 'to take joyfully the spoiling of her goods.' There are the multitudes living without God and without hope. Many who nave the leisure live in idle self-indulgence, and do nothing to gather in the lost. Money is needed in every part and department of the work of the Lord, but it is spent lavishly by Christian men and women to please their taste and satisfy their fancy. I would say nothing against Christian men and women living as becomes the station God has put them in, but how often is this no suppositious case. A hundred pounds is required for a picture ; that same sum is needed for sending the gospel to the heathen, or for support of Christian agencies at home. Here is a case where the artistic tastes need to be crucified with Christ in order that His work may be done ; but, alas, in how many cases is there failure to take the right stand before God. This is shown again in that haste to be rich that is a snare to so many even of God's children. The Lord says— 'Lay not up treasure on earth.' This they are doing, some times at a ccst so dear that it involves them in snares most injurious to their spiritual life. Self-sacrifice is in the very nature of the spiritual life. The power of Calvary is the power by which now we live. There is a true manifestation of the spiritual life just when your service, your giving, reaches the point of self-denial and self-sacrifice. If the church was only aroused to the true spirit of devotion, what might not be done for God ? How this ?? love'of ease and self retards spiritual blessing only God Himself can know. ' Another sin of this age in the church is un belief. This is shown in the way men seek after success in what is called Christian work. How many run a church as they would run a theatre. The great idea is, what will 'take?' Thus men suppose that uiJess they make their church services resemble a Sunday concert they cannot succeed. Thus there comes in that which is deadly to the spiritual life ot the church — mere mechanical worship; and the thing grows on every side. Why is it? Have we lost faith in the pure gosxjsl of the grace of God, 'the power of God unto salva tion ?' Is it not unbelief that makes us doubt the efficacy of the simple preaching of Christ to gather men in ? This is manifested again in the way in which money is raised for religious purposes. Instead of trusting God for means to carry on His work, many use the devil's in struments to promote the work of the Lord. Look at these fancy fairs and bazaars, whore raffling is the order of the day ; men taming God's house into a house of merchandise— nay, worse, making it a den of thieves. Aud this in the very age when George Miilior, of Bristol, has by divine grace shown the power of faith in regard to this very thing. We vvaat to see tb'e deadly evil of this kind of thing. Unbelief paralyses the work of God. We hear a good deal at present on the subject of healing by faith. Now, I see nothing whatever in Scrip _ture to lead us. to suppose that the gifts of. healing were confined to one age of the Church. \- 1 cannot here -speak with confidence, butit may be that when faith is restored in the presence and power of God, God will show that He is the same to His people in every age, and His servants will be permitted to exercise that lost through unbelief. When speaking upon the sin of selfindul gence and love of ease there was one thing I omitted which is very important. I refer to the drink question. I do not say there is sin in any 'Christian taking wine. I would say nothing so foolish. I could not say it in view of the fact that the Lord turned water into wine at the marriage feast of Cana in Galilee ; but in view of the present distress snrely we ought to consider at least the ques tion — Might I not deny myself, that by my example 1 may strengthen weak brethren, for whom Christ died? In order that we may come out from these things and make our most solemn protest against them it is necessary for us to see what they are. Above all we must seek to stand in the light- of the knowledge of the glory of God as shed forth in Jesus Christ in order that we may know the course that is right, and seek grace and power faithfully to fulfil the same. 