A Strange Umbrella. A most laughable scene was witnessed at a suburban hotel one evening last week. A travelling nam named Smith was the cause nf it all. Smith has a new-fashioned um brella, which is the result of the study of eomegenius. The ribs of the umbrella have jointB in the centre, so that unless the um brella iB spread it looks the worst wreck of an umbrella in the world. The cloth lops all around the handle, ribs that look as though they were broken stick in every direction, the umbrella is half wrong Bide out, any one who «hould see it in its demoralised state would not believe that by a simple turn of the wrist the umbrella could be spread to perfection, and look like anew umbrella right out of the shop. Any man who should carry that umbrella along the street uuder his arm would at once get the reputation of being drunk, though he might be a temperance apostle, a prohibitionist, or a preacher. The umbrella has a drunk look when in repose. Smith was showing hiB umbrella to some friends, and all bad a laugh over it, when somebody suggested that they go to the hotel and fool the clerks and guests into the belief that {Smith was drunk, solely on the strength of the umbrella. It was agreed that Smith should let them do any thing with him that was suggested. He was simply to put bis hat on the back of bis head, muss his hair up, and let the umbrella and his friends do the rest. He was not to stagger, or Bhow any evidenoe of drunkenness, except to insist that he did not want to go to bed yet. So . they went iuto the office, and Smith, with the umbrella under his arm, haDgiDglistlessly down to bis knees, leaned against the counter, (lis elbow on the marble, and his chin on his hand. The host looked at him, and at the umbrella. If there ever was a drunken uian. the host thought, Smith was. He turned to one of Smith's friends and said, ; "Your friend is pretty full." The friend said he was trying to get Smith to go to bed, co the host said to Smith, "-Hadn't you better go to bed ?" Smith raised his head, pulled the umbrella around and laid it on the counter, and said it was only eight o'clock, and he didn't waut to go to bed. The host j looked at Smith and the umbrella, which i was collapsed all over the counter, and thought it was the saddest case he had seen. People gathered around and looked at the unbieila and Smith, and thought he must have been out in a cyclone of beer. One of the friends asked the clerk to call a " boots " and put Smith to bed. The bell was rung, and J ue, the" boots," was instructed to show the gentleman to bis room. Joe saw the umbrella and winked at the clerk, as much as to say he had dealt with a good many such guests in bis time, and he took Smith by the arm and told him he had better come along quietly to bed, and he would feel better in the morning. Smith said he felt well enough, and did not waut to go to bed, but Joe took hold ■ f his arm, and at a nod from the clerk he urged Smith along towards the staircase, the umbrella hanging all over, the ribs sticking against Joe, catching on the staircase and running into the passer-by's coat. Smith eat down on the stairs, put the point of the umbrella on the floor, when it turned wroug side out, aud when they ar rived at Smith's floor he dragged the um brella out by the handle. Smith started off in an oppoBite direction from his room, and Joe caught him, and led him the other way, Smith alt the time saying he did not want to go to bed, he had an engagement to meet a man at 6.30, aud it was an outrage to be dragged off to bed in a first-class hotel so early in the evening. Joe tried to eoothe him, and finally got him in his room, and Smith laid the umbrella on his bed and was going to sit down on it, when Joe grabbed it out from uuder him, told him the um brella was demoralised enough without being sat on, and he began to pull off Smith's bouts, sayiug, " Now, undress yourself and I will soon have you in bed an I you can sleep till morning." Smith begged as a special favor that Joe would go away and leave him. He said he could undress him self easy enough, and finally Joe went out aud left him. Joe went down the stairs, and Smith went out of his room and walked down the back-way, and was standing in the office with the umbrella under his arm, talking with his friends, apparently just as drunk as ever, when Joe appeared. Joe looked at Smith as though he waB a ghost, and walked nrouud him twice before he spoke, and then he walked up to Smith and said, " I thought I juBt put you to bed?" Smith looked at Joe iu astonishment, aud said, " 1 beg pardon, sir, but I believe I have never mot you before." Joa looked again at the umbrella, and at Smith, and then he went up stairs to the room to see if Smith was there ; Smith hurried up the back way aud got into the room, and pulled off bis coat, and was just trying to get his boots off, when Joe rapped, and was told to coma in He opened the door, saw Smith and the umbrella, turned pale, asked if he could be of any help, aud said there was a man down in the office that resembled him a good deal, and was about as drunk, and had mashed his umbrella terribly. Smith told Joe he oould undress, and Joe weut out and Smith put on his coat and went down the back stairs, and when Joe appeared again Smith was looking over the oounter, with his um brella hanging loose, one of the points in the overcoat pocket of a stranger who was trying to get up to the counter. " Stand back, please," said the clerk to Smith, as he pushed the hotel register to the stranger. Then turning to Joe tho olerk said, " I thought I told you to put that drunken man to bed." Joe looked at Smith, and bis eyes stack out, and the perspiration came out on bis face as be told the clerk that be had put the other drunken mm to bed, that this was evidently, bis twin.brother, as be had juBt been up to the other one's room, and he was there all right. " Well, take this one to the pound, or the refrigera tor, or somewhere," said the olerk. At this Smith's friends began to langh, and Smith straightened Mb umbrella out, and looked as sober as anybody, and the elerk ami the | 41 boots "soon found out that they had been fooled by a drunk and disorderly umbrella. The umbrella has been quite a curiosity at the hotel (or several days, many respectable citizens trying to borrow it to take home to fool their wives with. One gentleman said If he should go home with that umbrella iu that shape, bis wife would prooure a di voroe. Joe said he had been fooled a good many times, but he never was so completely taken in as he was by Smith and the drunk um brella. 