T I E : GOLDEN CROSS. (BY J. J. UTriNG.) C {APTER XXXIII.-Continued. 'Yes, Ada and children, I have found Fred Darrell. I have seen him and spoken to him, and if I am not greatly mistaken he is a brother of whom any sister might be proud. The ways of Heaven are unscrutable, and in restoring to you a brother and to him a sister, it has given another of its many proofs of infiinte love. And, sister and children, we will now offer np our thanks for the restoration of one whom we have long thought dead.' And the clergyman offered up a short and simple, but touching prayer stau,ding in the centre of the room and speaking from the heart, while his sister reclined in the arm chair with her face buried in her hands, and the three children knelt down and looked their thanks to heaven, which their lips did not utter, but which flowed with deep and pure religion from the heart of the good minister. Ada's face wore a smile of joy almost angelic in' its beauty, and she joined with fervour and with love in the thanks being offered up. The short thanksgiving being con cludel, Mr. Faithful proceeded to tell the young family and his sister all he knew on the subject, for he had every confidence in them. He first described his interview with Kilgore, and then with Pemberley; but the height of his recital was reached when he told them how, at the moment when he had begun to have grave suspicions, Fred Darrell and Jowler had entered I'em berley's lodgings, as described in our last chapter. Jowler had been intro duced to the clergyman by his friend, and had given the entire history of the Darrell and Fairwater families, so far as he was acquainted with it. Mr. Faithful had at once been struck with the -open, manly countenance of our hero, and also with its strong resem blance to Ada, although the one was very dark and the other fair, still the cast of features was the same, and the likeness between the two was very striking. When Jowler had completed his recital, the clergyman had a long talk with him and Fred, whose de light, when he learned that his sister was alive, and well, and happy, was unbounded. He had long mourned her as dead, and now that he learned she was in such safe bands, it need scarcely be said that his heart was filled with joy, for he had loved his little sister with a love which nothing had effaced. Like her, when she learned of his being alive, he had wept with joy, and the tears were so natural and so heartfelt that Mr. Faithful himself found moisture in his eyes. Fred had wished at once to accompany him to the parsonage, but the clergyman, thinking it would be better to first ap prise his sister of his existence, pre ferred to delay the meeting for a day or two. No longer was his mind filled with doubt as to the bona fides of Kilgore's or Pemberley's statement -if he had wanted anything to prove that his ward was the sister of the boy before him, the expression of the face would have been sufficient-so con vinced was he of the relationship be tween them, and of the truth of Jowler's story, that he resolved to remain in London until the following day, for the purpose of engaging counsel and plac ing the whole facts of the case before him. And the next morning he and Fred and Jowler waited on one of the leading barristers in London-Mr. Sergeant Glynn-and at the.end of an hour that gentleman knew almost as much about the history of the Carrell's and the Fairwaters as did Jowler him self. The clergyman gave him a cheque for a very handsome amount, and the Sergeant, knowing him by re pute, was at once convinced that the case upon which he was engaged was one that was likely to be pushed to the uttermost. And having heard all the evidence that Fred and Jowler could give-as having learned in detail the statement made by Ada and Mr. Wilson years ago to Mr. Faithful, and the more recent statement, or confession, of Dr. Kilgore to the same gentleman four diys before-he gave it as his opinion that the case was a very strong one, and that in all proba bility, if it were proceeded with,it would be found that the will could be upset, even although it were legitimate; and that both Fred and Ada would receive their rights, Mr. Faithful then left the case in the hands of the Sergeant, with instructions to spare no expense, and return to Bulmar, leaving Jowler to give all the assistance he could to the lawyer, and this-as we know from his previous training-was not likely to be little. All this, Mr. Faithful, seated round the fire, now made the family ac quainted with, and when they retired Ada had the assurance that she would see her long-lost brother in course of a day or two. And before laying her head on.the pillow that night, she again offered up her heartfelt thanks for that brother's restoration after so many years of suppositious death. She lay for some time awake, and when she at last fell off to sleep it was only to dream of her long-lost brother, who had always, with his greatest little strength, tried to shield her from all harm in days gone by. And even in those dreams she had a soothing feeling of joy that she had never felt before, not. withstanding the fact that for years past she had been a happy inmate of the Parsonage. CHAPTER XXXIV. Blackpool once more. Captain Dalton sitting in an easy chair, after breakfast, reading The Times, which has just been delivered. He now considers himself virtually master of the Hall-at least until his son comes of ago, which will not eventuate for the next six years. But his canscience pricks him a good deal now and then, for the sins he has committed in the past-sins which have, however, elevated him to his present position; and, notwithstanding the death of Sir Frederick and the settlement of his estates and personal property 'upon Aida, the children, and himself, an uneasy feeling comes over him now and again, as he thinks of the boy Fred and his sister Ada. He is aware that the latter is still with the Rev. Charles Faithful; but he is ignorant of the whereabouts of Fred, nor does he even know that he lives. In his heart of hearts he hopes he is buried athousand fathoms beneath the sea, but believing as Fordyce believes on that subject, he fears it is not the case. If the 'Carroll' reported in the papers was 'Darrell,' then he had landed safely in New Zealand, but what had be. come of him it was impossible to say, for neither Fordyce nor himself had heard of him since that time. Shortly after the wreck of the ' Balaclava,' the latter had written out to an ex-military officer, who had settled in the Waikato, asking him to make some enquiries about Fred, but as the letter had not been answered, he imagined it had never been received, or else that his friend had so far forgotten him as not to care about interesting himself on the subject. Dalton often speculated on the boy's death. He had been away over three years, and in .New Zealand and the colonies there were so many accidental deaths that Fred might easily be among the number. It was not probable that Fred had any friends out there, and even if not dead, had most likely sunk to some infeiior pos'tion, and would never be heard of again. He knew nothing of his antecedents, and it was exceedingly improbable that he ever would, so that, after all, there was little cause for uneasiness. Da'ton therefore tried for setile down in the beliefthatnothing more would be ever heard of Fred or Ada. Had he known that before Henry Darrell's death, he had con ided the history of the family to Jowler, the lawyer's clerk, he would not have felt so sure on this score. As his eyes wandered over the shipping columns of The Tines, they all at once came to a dead stop at the name of' F. Darrell,' and looking more closely, he found he was a passenger by the ' Great Britain' which arrived at Southampton from Melbourne. Im mediately preceding this name was that of J. Jowler. ' Jowler'- what Jowler was this ? and where had he heard that name? He remembered I This was the name of the person who had, about three years before, gone to his lawyer's and made inquiries on the subject of Sir Frederick's insanity, and who had on that occasion exhibited a good deal of Paul Pry-like curiosity on the subject of Sir Frederick's family affairs. He recollected, too, that the same officious individual had called upon the baronet's medical adviser, and had also bothered him about Bir Frederick's insanity. Both the gentle men in question had told Dalton of Jowler's hint to them, but he had not connected those visits in any way with Fred. Now, however, it was very different-here were the names of Jowler and F. Darrell in juxtaposition as saloon passengers from Australia. Could it be the same Darrell? Could it be the same Jowler Of a surety it must be. What was the connection be tween the two, and why were they linked together in this way ? Jowler, when speaking with the lawyer, had be trayel a cousiderble knowledge of the whole of the family affairs of the Fair waters and the Daltons, and if he was now with Fred it boded no good. But how came itthat both Jowler and Dar rell were travelling saloon-Darrell had no friends, he knew when he left England on board the 'Bala clava;' and Jowler had been described to him as being very hard up and very seedy looking when he visited the doctor and lawyer. There must, evidently, have been some great change in their fortune for the better. What had they returned for ?-and Dalton shivered and turned pale as he thought of a likely visit from them and a de mand for Darrell's rights. Rights What Rights? he could have no rights: the will of Sir Frederick, as proved, was very specifio-had left everything unreservedly to those mentioned with in it, and had not in any way whatever referred to his eldest daughter Milly or her issue-therefore, why need he fear the boy, even if he should know the relationship in which he stood to the dead Baronet. But all these arguments with his conscience by no means made him easy. He resolved to telegraph to Fordyce immediately. Fordyce had always helped him, and no doubt would do so again; particularly if it were made worth his while. He had received considerable sums of money from Dalton, who had scrupulously kept his word with him-indeed he dared not do otherwise. But Fordyce had had a heavy run of ill luck in his gambling transactions of late, and it was only the week befo:e the opening of the present chapter that he had applied to Dalton for the loan of a couple of hundred pounds, which he had let him have. To tell the truth, he began to get afraid of him. Fordyce knew too much for him to throw him off, which he would gladly have done but for that. Getting a telegraph form, he filled it up as follows :-' Come at once; I must see you on urgent business.' Then he enclosed it in an envelope and gave it to a messenger to take to the telegraph ollice. But for three days there was no ap pearance of Fordyce; nor did he reply to the telegram. Dalton was on the point, more than once, of going to Lon donl himself in search of him, but re frained from doing so, thinking he might cross Fordyce on the road. On the fourth morning after the telegram had been despatched, Fordyce walked into the breakfast room as Dal ton was taking his morning meal. The latter was looking very pale and haggard. Though he had tried to affect to himself that he believed the arrival of Fred and Jowler from New Zealand was nothing to him, that arrival had set him on his rack, for it had called up vividly to his mind everything he had done in con nection with the family since the marriage of Henry Darrell and Emily Fairwater; and looking deep inwardly, he found his heart ingrained with black and burning spots which cried out aloud of his many sins towards'them and their children. 'Well, Dal ?' was the salutation of Fordyce, who was looking as fresh as ever-' why what's the matter, man 1 you are looking as white as a ghost.' 'I wish, Frank, you wouldn't make these constant unpleasant allusions you know I'm not strong enough to stand them.' ' What unpleasant illusions What have I done now?' 'Don't speak of-of-ghosts. We were both mixed up with that !' ' Oh ! I see. Well, so we were : but I fancy you are none the worse off for that little affair, which was so success ful. I was the better for it too, for a time.; but my cursed luck stuck to me, and I was soon cleaned out. But what's wrong now ?' ' Nothing positively wrong-but have you breakfasted ?' ' No; I had a snack at Ely. I will join you;' and Fordyce sat down and commenced an attack un the good things before him. Oh, how Dalton envied him his appetite. 'I expected you before.' ' No doubt, but I couldn't come, my dear fellow. Only returned from Paris last night after a week's absence ; found your telegram at my lodging, and took the first train this morning.. I couldn't come any quicker now, could I ?' INn' Dalton did not know that he would have been at the Hall quite as soon even, if he had not received the telegram; for the fact was he was very hard, up, and had resolved to ask Dal ton for the loan of a considerable sum of money, which he would tell him would be the last, as he was about to go to America for the rest of his life. At least he had arranged so much of the programme, and was determined to enforce his request with threats if necessary. But on receiving the tele. gram, he resolved to alter his tactics, at least until he knew what was in the wind. ' And do you know why I sent for you?' ' No, I don't; nor do I want to hear anything in the shape of business until I have finished this excellent break fast. It is the only meal in the day I really enjoy, and it mustn't be spoilt by anything unpleasant- and business always is unpleasant.' ' I'm afraid this is,' said Dalton. 'Ah! all the more reason not to enter upon it then till the matutinal repast is finished.' So Dalton remained silent, looking gloomily from the windows on to the grounds beyond. ' Now, I'm yours to command; but with your permission I'll smoke a cheroot-you know I take one after every meal.' He did not want to appear to be in the slightest degree impatient to know what the business was which Dalton wished to see him about; though he was inwardly wondering what could have made his friend look so ill, and why he had sought his assistance. ' And now, what is it ?' ' Not here; come to the library, we cannot possibly be overheard there.' To the library they proceeded. Fordyce seated himself in an arm chair in front of one of the French windows. Dalton drew himself up before the fire. ' Blaze away, Dal What is itl' ' Fred Darrell has returned from New Zealand as a first-class passenger in a first-class steamer, in company with that fellow Jowler, I told you of.' ' What I' cried Fordyce, springing out of his chair, and flinging his cigar into the grate. There could be no mistake about it this time. This was no acting, but a genuine outburst of surprise; and surprise, too, of apparently no very agreeable character. Dalton produced The Times, and pointed to the names of our hero and his friend. Fordyce drew. up to the fire too, now, close to Dalton, and remained in a brown study for several minutes, looking into the grate. ' What do you' think of it ' asked Dalton. 'I think it is bad -very bad. Young Darrell must have, met- with good friends, or he never could have been a saloon passenger.. But that's by no means the worst of it. So long as he had remained by himself, and ignorant of his position iu life, it would have ~ :~. · :.··> been all very well, but that's not so.' 'How do you know ?' 'How do I know? Of course I know. Didn't this follow Jowler betray a considerable knowledge of family matters to your lawyer; and knowing what he does, is it likely he would long allow young Darrell to remain in ignorance? No; certainly not.I Depend upon it he means mis. chief.' 'Do Sou think so?' asked Dalton, in a half frightened tone. 'I'm sure of it. And if he should know anything about the Rev. Mr. Faithful's care of Ada, he'll blow the gaff to that rev. gentleman, who, you may depend, will leave no stone un turned to secure the children their rights.' ' Their rightsl What do you mean, Fordyce? You know they have no rights; everything was left to me and mine; and they were not even men tioned in the will.' Fordyce turned his eyes on Dalton, half basilisk.like, and half contemp tuously. ' Perhaps, Dalton, the less you say on that subject to me the better. I thought we understood each other.' 'I hope we do.' 'Then there must be no hidden thoughts-no half measures. And now what do you propose ?' ' You really think that this Jowler is m league with young Darrell, and that they will try to extort money from me?' I' really think that Jowler has told Fred everything ; and I really think they have returned to England. for the pur pose of prosecuting his claim, and trying to establish his rights. He dwelt with a very strong emphasis upon the last two. words. 'What would you advise ?' 'That would all depend ?' ' How do you mean depend' ' ' JstwhatIsay. Andrememberthat my advid6 will probably be worth' a good deal to you. I think you have found that so before,' 'I am not ungrateful, Fdordyce ; and if you can assist me now. as you have done in. times gone.by, you uill :not re gret; it. Very well, then,. we will talk this matter over quietly, and if ,Freid Dar rell comes into possession of what you know to be his own, you will have your self to blame for it.' He then drew his chair still closer to Dalton, and the two men entered into an earnest and what proved to be a long conversation. And, again, was their theme the late Baronet's eldest grand son, whose life -or rather death-was once more made the condition of a deadly bargain. (T, be Cont?nued.) 