THE RUSSIAN ARMY AND NAYY. (From the 'Morning Post.') The uncertainty which prevails with regard lo the relations between England and Russia owing tj the Afghan frontier question imparts addi tional interest to the slate of the Russinn military and naval resources. '1 he conditiuu of tho urmy of Russia was fully dealt with in an article which . appeared receutly in these columns, and it will now be sufficient for the purpose to slate thai, 0 nitting from our calculation nun-cmnbatanle, -Russia would in esse of war be able to p'neo into the field at once 798,000 infantry, 63.000 riHe- men, 56,000 cavalry (included in which force there would be 14 independent cavalry division!, with lG8 guus), increased immediately l-y about '48,000 combatants by the foriuutiuu of 7!) addi tional Gossack regiments ; 88,000 arti lery with 3156 guus ; and 35,000 engineers. The above figures are based upon a work published quite receutly on tlio Russian army, w liich enables us tz form an accuiate estimate of the land forces at tbe disposal uf Russia. The figures given .show that that country possesses a field army of 1(038,000 combatants, with over 3,600 guns. As, however, , according to the same source, in case of a mobilisation, an infantry reserve , of 400,000 men would at onee bo available, the grand total of a possible Russian field army could be raised to 1,438,000 men. But this .does not by any means represent tho real fight-, ing strength of Russia, fur there is avai'able a Reserve, the first class of which would supply nearly 2,000,000 men, whilst no estimate has yet been formed of the number comprised in the second class. It has been observed by a rrceut writer that Russia, is practically unassailable in Europe by England. To soiuu extent the justness uf his conclusions must bo admitted', but surely lie cannot overlook the fact that in case of hostilities tho Russian navy cuuld nut hope to successfully cope with that of great Britain. Alarmists in this countiy notwithstanding, our navy is still a weapon not to be despised, and the Russian Government knows very well that great injury could be inflicted by our ships. At tbe same time, it would be folly if we omitted to take iut'o account Ihe.defeusivu power, such a3 it iq which Russia possesses ill iter navy. It is true ti.at navy within recent years receded from the third position, which it I'orunrly occupied, to the seventh place among naval Powera ; yet it is still formidable enough to bu respected, us the following statement will show. Tlie Russian liavy is divided into four divisions, the Baltic Fleet, the Black 8ea Fleet, the Siberian Fleet, i and tlie Caspian Fleet, of which, however, only the first two need bo tnkeu seriously into 'account. Tho Baltic Fleet comprise 32 iron clads,. — viz., 5 turret frigates, 8ai mouied cruisers . (3 of them building), 1 casement ship, and five battery ships of the old type, all classrd as bat L ships, beBides 13 monitory for cuast defence, aud all launched .before 1867 ; 94 torpedo vessels and boats, 24 cruisers, — viz., 2 torpedo ram -cruisers- (1 building), 12 clipper ships of the. new and three of the. old type, X -frigate, aud 6 . flush-decked corvettes, 12 gunboats of the new and 5 of the old type, 30 yachts — viz , 9 steam yachts, 4 steam cutlers, and 17 sailing yachts ; aud 79 transport, harbour &c.;, shi; s (2 bu idin ), of which only 2 are saUiug ships (1 building). Total strength of the Baltic Fleet : 246 vessels iJ all classes (of which 5 are under construction). Tlie, Black Sea Fleet comprises 7 ironclads — viz., 3 turret ships (all I uilding), 2 Popollkas, and. 2 armuured gunboats, 14 torpedu vessels and boats, 7 cruisers of tho volunteer fleet, 3 auxiliary cruisers'; 86 oilier unarnioured vessels — vix, 2 yachts, 2 flush-deck corvettes, 1 screw- ateauier, 2 paddle- sttaniers, 14 scrcw-saliooncrs, 14 vessels classed as steamers, 45 small steamers, 1 mint-ship aud 5 fire-3bips. Total strength of Black Sea Fleet : 117 vessels of all descriptions, some of them, however, very old. Tlie three moat powerful ships of that division of the Russian fleet are still under construction. As . we stated above, the Siberian aud tho Caspian Fleet do not' count for much, aud the latter . would only come into requisition in case of an Afghan or Persian war for the transport of troops ; but to make this return complete theyT should be : included. The Siberian fleet com prises 0 torpedo' boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, 4 gunboats, 14 steamers of various sizes, and 18 sailiug vessels ; total, 46 vessels. The fli tilla of the Caspian consists of 3 screw guubuats,. 1 screw _ steamer, 7 paddle steamers, 8 small steam vessels, 8 sailing trans ports, 3 other sailing vessels, and 3 fire-ships — total, 33 vessels. As the Caspian would, in case of a war with Afghanistan, become an important' .'.route :of communication, the deficiency of steam transports ought to be noted. Russia also pna- . sesses some naval material on the sea Aral, con- . sisfiug of 6 steamers and about 20 sailing j .vessels ; but, leaving these, as immaterial, out of-, the reckoning, the sum total of tbe .Russian Navy amounts to 442 vessels of all ' descriptions. Of this number, however, a great many are almost useless ; and, confining uiir- selves to really efficient ships, we find that .Russia .has only 185 of them available for service, 25 being ironclads (10 battle-ships, 13 \- coast- defence vessels of the monitor class, and 2 -armoured gunboats, besides a large number of : transports, &c.; We have not included in this estimate 1 casemate ship and 5 butteiy ships i f « an old type, nor the 2 Popoffkas ; nur finally gunboats and cruisers of antiquated pattern, which would not stand the ghost of a chauce in a naval encounter. 