"WESLEY AN METHODIST CONFERENCE. RETIRING PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. DEFENCE OP THE EDUCATION SYSTEM. The Annnal Conference of the Wealeyan Metho dist churches of New South Watea was held last evening in York-street Chapel, There was a very large attendance of oiergy and laity, all parts of the spacious building being crowded by an interested assembly. The Rev. J. H. Fletcher, the retiring pres:dent, occupied the chair. A hymn was snng by the congregation, prayer oS-ired, and then the roll-call was read, the following ministers answering to their names The Revs. J, H. Fletcher, S, Wilkinson, J, B, Waterhouse, J. Oram, W. J. Davis, W. Moore, J, Bowes, Gh Pickering, W, Clarke, W. Hill, W. Keljnack, D.D., H. Mick, J. W. Dawson, G. Woolnough, M.A,, G. Martin, W. G. R. Stephenson, R. Caldwell, G, Brown, P. Firth, J. A. Nolan, F. Tait, O. Olden, J. PhiltipB, H. W. T. Plncombe, B. Bailors, W. E. Bourne, W, H. George, C. Stead, J. Gardiner, G. Lane, W, T. Babone, M, H. Parkinson, A. Parsons, E, A. Corner, J, Hopkins, W. O, Hughes, J. Mona- ban, H. Wiles, R. Johnston, J, K. Oirruihera, O, Jones, T. R. M'Mlohiel, J, W. Moore, J. P. Orr, W, G. Taylor, W. H. Beale, J. Wool, nocgb, H, Youngman, W, GlaBion, B. J. Meek, G, E, Glasson, P. Olipsham, R. Bast, W. W. Rutlcdge, J.G. M. Taylor, W.|Dinning, Joseph Bowes, J. G, Martin, P. K. Fletcher, M.A., F. (J. Buyer, J, Hulme, J. A. Jeffreys, B. Lane, J. Tarn, J. Bryant, T . B. Holmes, W. M'Oullum, J. Scott, G. J. Pres- cott, B.A,, W. H. Hall, B.A., B, 0. James, T. Par ker, J, Calvert, C. J. Duf≪, W. Pesrson, R, B, Howes, J. Parker, S. Wright, Joseph Woodhouse. The ex-Preeident then delivered the follow. n? address Two Jof ithe most interesting occur rences in relation to Mothodism during my year of ofhce now closed are the General Conference in New Zealand, and the revived interest in the subject of religious instruction in public schools. On these and other subjects I ask to be allowed to give my own judgment as I form it from my owa standpoint, without intending io any way to commit thiB conference to my utterances. I think 1 may say, however, on behslfofmy brethron who at tended the o euetal Conference at Ohristohurch.tbat vte are glad to have been present there, aud that we , are satisfied with the decisions of the houforeuce, ' espeoinlly on such important questions as the separation of the New Zealand conference, the onion with the other Methodist churches, and the pacification of Tonga. I cannot doubt that Gol did, in answer to many earnest prayers, guide us to the coucluaion»;wlilch for the time are tne best. We were impressed with the vitality and strength of Wesloyan Methodism in New Zualund, and with the ability and energy of its representa tives in the conference, but— my brethren bete will pleaee correct me hereafter, it 1 urn mistaken — but I icerlainly carriod away the thought that before the coafereuce closed there wsb no very ardent wish among the laity of New Zealand Methodism either for speedy separa tion from the Australasian C .inferences, or for the construction of a new Methodism in order to incor porate elements which do not cloarly appear to be homogeneous. It is eaB.v to mark the symptoms which indicate a necessity of coalescence between public bodies, whether, in Church or State, Whether these symptoms exist in this case the annual confeiences will have heroafter to determine. 1 should be very Borry ;to survive a uniun of Mothodist churches, which would re semble the combination of an acid and an alkali, which results in hasty effervescence, followed by insipid and intolerable stagnation. The arrival among us of a Bishop of Sydney who is earnest acd able enough to make bia infiuenco felt far beyond bis own Church, end is large-hearted enough to douruto draw other Churches with him in his own noble nmb tiunt, has ooino to us as a great surprise, l'be bishop bas smitten with no small iorce end porBisteucy on too question of religious instruction in. Pa blio schools as a question intimately connected 'with the Garisti m well- being of every borne ibrougbout the colony. In- teicsts tare concerned herd which overflow all Church organisations, and sprtad thumielves far aeri wide among ttie people. During the New Zealaud coufeience I had opuortuoitiea of conver sation with ministers and laymen from the other colonies aud 1 found them all concerned about the difficulties surrounding the question of reli gions iiiBti notion in their Public" schools, and all c'arcectly lorgirg for even a pottion'of the privi leges which are secured to us by Act of Parlia- mi nt. In the course of discussion on this subjcot t htte has been some vaiiancu of opinion as to the mining of the terms in the 7th clause of the Act for Public Instruction, viz., "In ail schools unncr this Act the teaching shall be Htrictly non-sectarian, but tho words secular instruction hhall be held to inolude general re- lip'topB teaching as distinguished from dogmatical or polemical theology." What then doss the law intern by noa-seutarian teaching, or non-dogmatic theuiofgy 7 The answer is ,to be found surely in the tkxt-books, which the same authority has i-auctioned and provided, I take up then the fuur flruull|volumes of Scripture lessous, with tholr ques- tic a and notes, which we have recently moer- tuin- d teachers are bound to ubs in the Public schools of the colony, and arc not alio wed to omit the ru— exetnp log only those scholars whose pir-mts object, as they have a right to objeot, to their chi'- drcn being so taught, I find, then, that the law pro vides a rich and various feast of what it calls non- sectarian and non-dogmatic religious instruction on such topics as the following The Divine authority of the Old Testament in general, and of Messianic prophecy in particular ; the historic character of the Mosaic account of the creation, of the fall, and of the early history of the world, including the deluge of Noah's day and its typical lesson as foreshadowing tho destruction of the world by fire; the personality of the devil; the reality of miracles in the Old and New Testament; the Mosaic authorship of Deuteronomy ; the personal converse of God with good men of old, and that He answers prayer ; the power of conscience and that "nothing can purge tho soul from the effects of wicked works, or give peace to the conscience, but a sense of the pardoning mercy of God through Christ Jesus, obtained through repentance and faith in Him ; the difference between the Law and the Gospel, that " by the former the law was written on tables of stone and announced to the Israelites as a rule of conduct, by the latter it is written on the heart as a living principle — the former was a miniitration of death, the latter a ministration of the Holy Spirit who gives life" &c;,; that " the Lord Jesus is called the Christ or Messiah because, like the prophets, priests, and kings under- the Old Testament He was anointed to be prophet priest and king in His church. They were anointed with oil, Be with the Holy Ghost," That the term repentance has substantially the same meaning with Roman Catholics and Prote- stauts. Tho reality of the transfiguration of Our Lord ; His divine power in casting out demons ; that He encouraged perseverance in prayer, as assuring tho petitioner's success ; that He spoke of blasphemy against the Holy Ghost as an unpar donable sin (though tho term blasphemy is not explained). The true meaning is given of the parable of tho prodigal son. The reality of future punishment is thus declared, " It will greatly add to thu tor ments of the wicked to remember, that they had neglected or made bad use of their advantages." The power of faith is declared, also— that the eaiiy Christians csoaped the miseries of the sings of Jiruealera through remembering how Christ forewarned them ot the exact time for eecaps. These books also not only teach in the very words of Scripture, but comment upon aud a9k painted questions on such events as the descoot of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost; the origin of the Christian Church ; the miraou'uus conversion ot Saul of Tarsus, They explain tie mor.tiirg of words so perplexing to ohil dien as these, "as many as wore oriUinsJ to eternal life believed" — " the time of this ignor ance God winked at." These l"s»oa b >oks iiiruloy isgecniuo records the noo-tolic upistw, quoting at least 8 out of the 14 Epistles of St. Pair, and speaking of him aa the author of the Episife ti '.be Hebrews. Ttiuy also loach from the Gospels tlist the destruction of Jerusalem was "a type or figure of the d«y of judgment;" tnat tho Pat-over lamb was a typo of Christ, and relate bow iu in tituled the Lord's Stpper that our Lord claimed to he the Sou of God at His tri-l, and that tho Jews ohsnyed thu charge from blasphemy to Bedltion when they, brought Bini before the Roman Governor; that pro phecy was fulfilled in His uruoilUion ; the reality of our Lord's resurrection ; ami that after He was risen He proved the neoe'sitr of His resurrection from tho Old Testament Scriptures. And this copious and almost matchless series 'of Scripture , letaune conveying this iion-uect-iriaa teaching and non-dog matioal theology as under stood by the highest legal authorities is introducd with the following words: "Toeae selections are net HI ft WlHtilutQ (91 th? Sftcrvd YelHUtt itself, bnt as an Introiuocioa to it,,v and tbey have been compiled in the hope of their leading to a more general and more pro fitable perusal of the Word of God." " The com- mieeioneis offer these extracts from Scripture to the careful attention of teachers and children, not only ts tinth, but as truth recorded under the the influence of inspiration, and truth with whioh it ib of the utmost importance for them to be well acquainted," and I think most of us would say at once, if these and their kindred topics in the Scrip ture letson books are non-dogmatical and non-sec tarian, so long as we get these lesions for the instruction of our children, we don't much care if tbey never learn anything all their lives about what is dogmatical aud sectarian. Here is surely the very living enbstance ot the truth out of whicU Christian faith g'ows and whioh j all Christians dearly love. But tbeu 1 have : heard it Baid though the lessons are good, are ; not many of the teachers irreligious or seep- ' tical, or such as have no sympathy with the sacred lessons /they are bound tu give. 1 am able to say j on the authority of a minister, who is more fami- j liar with the temper of the teachers In our Pubiio ; schools in this city than perhaps anyone else, thai majority of them are not only sincere and re- . verenti in teaching the prescribed ecriptnre lessons, I but are cordial fellow- workers with those who visit the Public schools to give religious instruc- ! lion under the provisions of the 17th clause. But j suppose it were not so, and that the noble series , of lessons given unier the 7th clause was ; occasionally qualified by suggested doubts and | undisguised sneers on tbe part of the teacher, yet ; 1 affirm tbeic is a weight and beauty in the Sacred j ; Word that was never yet hindered from benefitting ttc memory that held it, even though a hostile or ' reluctaut teacher conveyed the sacred lesBon. ; Elijah's dinner was not spoiled though his pro- j viuera were Agnostic ravens, wbo fed the prophet j but did nut believe in him. These words aro seeds J that will produce their legitimate fruit no matter who sows tbem, aud nothing sorely can ba worse thanthatany cbild'sentireeducation should proceed ! in a schoolroom as ntterly blank and barren of Chris- | tian influence as a desert is of fruit or dowers. It is always easy to die in a deceit, but very difficult to live there. And if there iB a danger that the series of religious lessons prescribed to the teyeberg may not have justice dono to them, there is surely tbe greater need that tbe Churches Bbould in some way supply possible deficiency and guard possible danger by maintaining the teach ing provided under the 17th clause. But I know it is said, and said with good reason by many of onr ministers that tbey have no time to do anything like justice to fivo or six or more l'ublic schools ia their circuits, some of them large and soma of them scattered far from ouch other. 1 hope that this conference will determine both that religious instruction shall be given tB far as possible in all Public Bchoolv, whero there arc children of Weeieyan parents and that they will make special provision to assist tbo ministers in their work, it would be an excellent thing to appoint one of onr younger ministers, or a qualified lay gent to take charge of this work, co-operating with tbe ministers in tbeir circuits, organising bands of visitors to assist him, ami reporting regularly to an Educational Committee. Such an agent could visit nearly 20 Bchools a week, and such visitation supplemented by tbe woik that ministers themselves could do and assisted by lay workers, would soon overtake the requirements ot the colony, especially where the miuisters of other denominations are willing to woik together, There are many pious women among us who could greatly help us here. For merly they took a very active pare in Methodism, and contributed iu many in-tauoes service of t< e latest quality. The biographies of very many of them are classical amongst us, tLough I fear like Milton's poetry, m- rc praised tn.ui read by Australian Methodists. It is a qu-.-s-tton- gaining more and. more regaid in the Stale whether worn in is not entitled to a higher position iu ar», inscionce, in medicine, and even in poiirice, aud iu t -is direc tion tbo qnesiion so ms a uuw one. liur in the Church ol Christ from the days of the Marys acd tbe Priecilloa and tbe Monicas of thu early Churches, down to the hurt -it noble women who havo thoir repr-se .tativ— in Hirer Dora, in Miss Marsh, in Mrs Tilt, Miss W.-ston, or Miss Havcrgal, Christian women hive always uad place of honour and influence peculiarly tbeir own. And until we can conquer the prejudice which forbldB women to pray in public, thcugh they are often rarely gifted ia intercessory power, and nutil we c-n re-enlist them in larger numbers as leaders in ottr society classes, let ns periuade them, wberover it is possible, to help us in visitiug the Public schools in older to give religious instruction tu our own children, in our Sunday schools, the most difficult classes— namely, those of the bigger boys, wbo are in what Hugh Miller called the danger ous age, between boy and man — tbe best teacher will often be a lady. The Auairaliau hobble dehoy (excuse the ungainly word, for the dictionaries recognise it), is often as awkward a creatuie to manege as an alligator io harness, but be usually bas a soft spot in his heart, which can be touched magnetically if touched wisely by a Christian woman's voice. Our Sunday schools are plea'aut flower gardens around our Churches,' but few of these fair flowers are trans planted to mature and bear fruit within the Church itself. We greatly need an enthusiast who will never rest, or allow other pe-plo to rest until in method, in discipline, aud in successful soul winning onr sobools have reached a far higher excellence than at present. The relation of tbe Sunday school to public worship opens many perplexing questions. I am told that the sept rate service system in America for Sabbath schools — 1b not an entiie success, for the scholars when they have lift school, in many instances are marked by tbeir absence from tbo house of God. Tbey. are trained from the church instead of to it. But if it is better that tbe older scholars at lenst in Sunday-schools should oin iu tbe service of the sanctuary, ought we not to remember their pre sence and adapt our services a little more to their needs 7 Where there is Sunday -school in tbe morning for at least sn hour, and the children with scarcely a quarter of an hour's iuterral ar n.ken into the church for public worship, to be detained there nearly two hours inorfi — it there not something wrong there 7 Physiology, common sense, and religion ' aro all alike offended by Buch unchildllke con straint. Aud why should not this conference consider the question of adaptation in our publ'o BerviceB generally? Have we learnt nothing by the experience of a century and a quarter 7 In fact, in particular congregations, alterations huvo already begun, In one cbuich I And ihe psilms lead in alternate verses by minister and people ; in another, an am hem is lung during the collec tion; in another, five hymns aro sung, aud prayer is divided into three portions, a printed form bring placed in the pewB to guide worshippers in tno ; new modelled service. I confeis my sympathy 1 is wiih most of these changes. Tim oonfereuco I ought not to ignore them. If it dous ignore them, alteration will follow altoratiou, and our public vvor- I ship will become to a stranger an incomprehensible tangle, 1 hope this conference w-'l at least ap point a committee to consider this important \- matter and prepare a report. There is one otnor | topic which also needs our consideration, and that I is tbe expansion of evangelistic work by our own \- agenis and in our own ways, Tue Salvation Army I has hewn out for itself a new path, and while it 1 pursues its noble work of ex-iavating sruts fur Ohriat out rf the vast quarry of ungodli- iieiB and viae, and keeps dear of prosnly- j Using, especially in small plasm, it merits from us | sympathy and words uf good cheer,' Honl-saviug ; is the greatest work to be done on this caith. ! God bless abundantly all who cao do it I Evunge- ' lisiio work has always been the tn-.is; productive . fie dot Methodism. It ba- given us more genius tor our le- den, and more fire for onr workers than all oihtr methods put together. But let us re> number, to, that touls cau be caved without tbe \- din tu- V " 1 enrte with trauienilpui sound your o-rs nsa-ulor \Wih gnu, dm in, trumpet, bluuderuaei aud thunder !" Our missionary s-rvicee in this church have been a new and a wise departure Irotu old routine, and 1 lock turwaid with juyous hope to the possi bility of anew York-street, where not only great vin i-iy uf mefnods will ne possible, and great euccess will wj given by our Master, but waere our theological Btuuenta uuy catob aud carry away many a (ire-flake that will help to warm and ina- diaie dull -villages and tippling townships far away in the Australian wilderness. We want every kind of talent consecrated in the service of Christ, I grudge to the devil not only every elo quent speaker, every witty intellect, everv hu mourist, every soholar, but every sweet voice, every fair face, every loving heart. Let the duvil take his own if he must, but I protest that tho b' iglil young facos in our homes, the scholars in uur schools, the worshippers in our sancturies do not in any sense belong to him , We need a revival of the conservative work of the church, that we may secure and keep out own children, quite as much as we need a revival of the evangelistic ardour which a century and a half ago thrust out Oxford stu dents as well as converted waggoners and prize fighters to Hannam Mount, to the Gwennep pit, or to Bartholomew Fair, singing, Outcasts of men to you I call Harlots and publicans and thieves. Old Methodism had quite other elements than these as a framework, within which it act the gems which its fearless field-preachers recovered from the human dust-heaps of cities and towns and villages all over Great Britain. The great missionary aod other constructive enterprises of Wesley and his succesors needed men of education, of great ad ministrative gifts, and of business tact, to manage them. Tho names of Farmer, of Lycett, and of the noble brothers M'Arthur, are represenatives of a host of gifted laymen whom the converting grscc of God gave to this church sb truly as it gave the burning eloquence of Benson or Bramwell, of John Smith, or of William Dawson. We need an increase of energetic help and sagacious .leadership in all departments of service. We need it in our choirs that our congregational singing may truly interpret the hymns and may lift the worshippers heavenwards on tbe wings ol aoul-siirrin or soul- subduing music. We need it in our committees, j that tbey may be united, far-seeing, and ready to devise liberal things. We need it in our congre gations that every want of our manifold nature may have something provided 10 meet it, and that every individual gift of speech, of wealth, of 1 social influence, of wit, or of wisdom, shall not lie ! unconrecrated. Onr greatest w-nt eeems to be tbe largenesB of heart which makes men familiar | with broad schemes, and inspires them to attempt great things for aod, and to expect great things ! from God. There are noquesiions riaiog before us in sucb number and magnitude as what are called social questions. And the far-reaching and bene ficent i'nterpiises which radiate from the cathe drals of almost every biibopricin England— which | cluster round Mr Upurgeon's Tabernacle— which have set Dniveroity men down among the | crowded habitations of the ill-paid toilera in East 1 Louden — which are associated in Englisu Metho dism with the numeB of Dr, Utophensou and Charles Garrett — these and all their kindred enterprises are the work of men and womtn who see the awful importance of tbe social problems of to-day, and are deter mined not tu leavo tbe soiutioo of thom to chance, to amateurs in political economy, or to Atheism, This city is indebted in no common degree to those true and practical lovers of their neighbours who have crtated eucii charities as the Children's Hoipital, the Htma fur the Consumptive at Pic- ton, the Newsboys' Brigade, the Night Befuge, the Ragged Bchiol, and many more. Not less do I' admire the organisations which appeal to self-help, Such buildings as those erected by the executors of Mr Peabody and by his imitators elsewhere represent grand. Christian work. Better dwel lings for the artisan, more abundant water supply, better cookery, more flowery interspaces in the heart of great cities, more pleasant recrea tions to counterbalance tbe public-house — these and such like things meet religion at a hundred points, and open a field for Christian services far beyond any present means of occupying it. Christianity must always be represented in lttera- ture by the Scriptures, and in society by the church ; but we want in every possible way to break down the notion that the Gospel belongs to a profession or to a class, Almost everything in the planet is becoming somebody's property. Grand rivers are part of a nation's goods and chattels, and Niagara ia a show place. Homebody is always annexing or wanting to annex every un occupied space of earth. But God has made somo things too great for man's bigness. No chancellor of blood and iron has yet ventured to annex the ocean. Syndicates have not as yet advertised the moon, nor as any distracted premier thought of taxing tho winds and the beauty of the world, And I long to see " the glorious Gospel of the blessed God" recognised every where, as indeed it is the grandest and noblest object of human thought. In 'he cross of Christ I glory Towering o'er the wrecks of time ! Nor is any feature of its greatness more marvellous than its comprehensiveness, and the combined equality and yet superiority which every sincere inquirer fiudB in it. Like the stately firmament which at once rises so high and yet stooos so low, bendB and yet ever expands itB all enfolding beauty until tfcere is not a human home nor an individual man, not a ship alone on the monotonous aea, not a child's cot, not a bird a nest, not a flower, over which all through the dnsky night fair stare do. not keep their watch and glorious constellations burn. True mou touching God's work feel them selves me an enough before Him, It always was bo. It always will be so, Yet our honour is that He may use us as instruments. And after all we are not mraner instruments than the rod that divided the sullen, reluctaut sta ; or the mantle that smote be shrinking (river ; or the ringing cock-crow that did more good than any sermon ever preached, for it recalled to repentance the greatest of tbe spostles, Gcd may ute us, Let us keep ourselves pure that he may. Ho our life shall be a service which closes on earth and then begins in heaven, with the Bncient doxology, " Thine, 0 Lord, is the kingdom, and tbe power andtheglory forever; Amen I" . A ballot was then taksn for tha eleotiBn of pre sident for tlie ensuing year, aod the voting resulted as follows : — Tbe Rev. John Gardiner I, Rev. W. Bill 1, Rev. W, Clarke 1, Rev, J. Dowson 2, Rev, Richard Sailors 12, Rev. Jas. G. Nolan 35, Mr Nofen was thus elected by a mnjorlty of 23 votes or onevnte more than the total number uncorded to tbe five other. The result was received with prolong «1 cheering. Addressing the president elect, the retiring president said that he had much pleasure in vacat ing the unadorned chair iu his beha'f, He sincerely prayed that God might give bim life and strength and wisdom to fill the position, if not to his own satisfaction, at least so that he might win the approval of Him whoBe ap proval was what tbey loved — the piaise of God, bo meant. The only poiBible insigni of office wero tbe conference seal and tbe Bible. He was to accompany thoee with as many invisible insignia of office as big imagination could lend, Tbe pitesidknt Elect, wbo was received with loud applause, said; Mr Ex-president and my dear Fathers and Brothers, — 1 am sure th it mylirat word ought to be one of thanks to God fur having brought me here, His blesBiug can also enable me worthily to fulfil the duties o( this groat office; nd I would, at tbe threshold of this, the greatest responsibility of my life, devote myself freshly and wholly to God, I must further thank you who by this magnnnimoos vote have placed mo in thia chair, 1 c-n only say that I shall do my utmost to fulfil its dutiee. As for what farther I can say— well for one thing— following your ex- amplo last year Mr Ex-piesident, and after tbe most valuable and very timely address we have just listened to— of all thiogs I ought to be brief. Looking round to-night for the rtHtone why you have con furred this great honour upon me I think 1 can say that one reason ia that 1 have tried, God helping me, to be a worker in Iiis minietiy, (Hear, bear.) I believe, sir, that no man will evor reach this presidential chair who ia afraid of bard woik. I say thia in no boaBtiug spirit but I know that although my career has been stiewn with favours— and nobody knows that Letter than w> Bull-trill ihtue live and twenty years I h-ivc tried to do my cuty, (Hoar, ber.) I imaaii e that anotber reason why you have pat me here is because you have confi fence in my loyalty; and I ennsay ttat thia coafldeuce is nut misplaced, I sm not half a churchman, nor yet bult a t'ongregationalist ; I am a Methodist through and turough, 1 believe that of all chnrchcs our MethodiHm comes nearest to tbo . New Xeftnmmt pattern, and both ecclesiastically and doctrinely it has my eiscerest approval, 1 claim hy viitue of my Prcbhyteriiin ordination that my miUslry is as vilid as tbe ministry of any minister in the. world. The d.-gma of Apostolic succession 1 reject, o! couree,,as degrading as tho Egyptian worship of cats ana animals, and 1 believe that tbe genoral system uf ecclesiastical Wesleyan Methodism is tbo mast efficient and the safest of any that 1 kuovv ; and ns for doc'riuc, well, I am old-faahioncd cnougb to believe that we as Metho- diets are equally removed from tbe extremes of tyranny on the one band, and lawlessness on the other. We find that tbe truth ab hors either . extreme, and with God'a help we have tiitd to maintain the truth in its integrity na it h>s been handed down to us, aud it is tbuB that we shall .baud it down. It is tbe greatest honour anyone can have, I am sure, to occupy such a place in -such a churoh as this, to preside over what is, in my opinion, the grandest brotherhood Id tbo world— the brotherhood of Methodist preachers. I hope we Bhall be a very agreeable conference. (Hear, hear.) I do not tee why we should cot. Difficulties may arise, and with- out a doubt they will present themselves for adjust ment, but we are Christian gentlemen at any rate and that ought to be aotficiont to get us over all, difficulrifB that will arise, end then I hope we shall h>ve a conference that will be marked by great dispatch of business. I know there are sne thiogB that are in my power, and th-.se things I will aim at. I will be attentive and diligent to the duti-i you have placed upon me, and I can he kind and courteous ; and, for I sup pose it is an open eecret that the secre tary of the conference is a foregoae coucinsion, with such experienced guidance we Bhall have dispatch of business, I hope we shall have a conference this year that will do our souls good. It baa otteu seemed to me that the coming together of so many Christian brothers onvht to make us better ministers and holler men, and send us borne to our circuits filled with fire. God help na to work with Him during tbe coming year. If we get this baptism of lire wesball have a pledge of a glorious year. Numbers are not always an evidence of success, Tbe British Conference can uphold its thousands every week and we .shall Burely share in their snccea ; and yet we might have a large increase in num bers and a large decrease in spiritual power. But, if the God 01 our Fathers cau this year bestow upon us His prospering bleating, He will surely increase us mure aud more. Of tbe increase I tbink we have the prosprct and the pledge. Then nevtr was a time in thiB city or ia thia country when the forcee of Bin were bo wakeful and strong; but tbeic never was a time when there was so much Christian enterprise and when the love of J-sus had so much power in this laud. If onr Father-.' God will bless us thiB year, we shall have a glorious rime. May God grant It. Amen. Tbe voting for a secretary to tbe conference re sulted in th<\- re-election of the Rev, George Lane with 40vot;s, ihe Rev, Charles Stead receiving G, and tbe Rev W. G. Taylor 3, The following gentlemen were appointed asala- tatt-seeietaiies :— Revs. Charles Htead, W. T. Rnbore, and W. Rutledge, with the Rev, Prank Filth as corresponding secretary. It was announced that the conference at its rising wonld adjuuro uutil 10 o'clock this morn ing, when the clerical section alone will sit trans acting its business with clo-ed doors. To-night tbe conference love featt will be held in Glese- roari Church. Tbe proceedings terminated with the bene diction. 