SYDNEY SPORTING NOTES. SYDNEY, February 23. '? All the sydney sportsman Favorite for Melbourne. Sporting matters are dull. Surrey is expected to leave for Melbourne on Tuesday evening. He is backed to win about £5,000 at 100 to (5 to 4. Welcome Jack has found considerable support. The following are the ruling prices Newmarket Hand- cap 400 to 10 Shoot Anchor (tk), 100 to 10 Prometheus (off, 100 to S Sir Garnet and Coningsby (Off), 100 to 7 Mnscotto, 1861 to 0 Surrey and Battailous (off), 100 to 5 Voloci pedo. 2 [BY SUBMARINE CABLE.] irnoMocn OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, THURSDAY. " Acceptances for the NEWMARKET HANDICAP. 'x AVolcomoJnclc Garfield Battalions Sir Garnet Blink Bonny Prometheus, Coningsby Middlemarch Duonna Topaz The Ghost King's Own Mistake Amelia Victoria Sheet Anchor Silver St. John Velocipede Alphabet Mascotte Town Moor Lavington Zantippo Bohemian Hannibal Squarey i Ellcatbury Marie Louisa Lepo relic Claudine Coronet. AUSTRALIAN CUP'. Commotion Welcome Jack Plunger Guesswork 'OffColour Sardius' Coriolanus David ? Sir Garnet Hilltop Ringwood' Silver King Sheet Anchor Helena,, Brown & Rose Acolyte Coronet Minorca . Stornaway. Mr. Yuille offered his entire stud to-day. There was a large attendance, but the bid : drags were slow. Metal was sold to Mr. E Weeks, 17 j guineas ; Bond 'Or to Mr. Weeks, 165 guineas; Ned of the Hills'to Mr. A. Davis COO guineas ; Dutchman to Mr. Ohif , ney, 115 guineas ; Lady Claudine' to Mr. Weeks, 300. guineas; Hartington to Mr. Chifley, 75 guineas., The rest were passed, in. ? An action has been commenced by Louis , Barnard, auctioneer, against the committee of the Victorian Racing Club for having ox pulled him from the club for refusing to pay; a fine of £50, which the committee ordered him to pay in reference to his alleged hitor-' . for once in trying to procure the withdrawal of a charge preferred against two other movie j born of the club, Flominpf and Vice, by a person named (Milne. The declaration at alleges that the action of the committee was illegal, and damages are claimed £5,000. The plaintiff also seeks to obtain an injunction to 1 restrain defendant from excluding him from the club. - i i . . i 9 There was nothing of a sensational chase ! tor in the gallops on the course this morning. Commotion went a long and useful gallop on the sand, doing the last found in good tune. Fryingpan and Plauslblo'had a long spell , round the tan track,' and' Silver King and I Little Sister had a useful gallop once round. j Coronet, went slowly and then executed one of the boat, gallops of the morning. But italians was fully extended over six furlongs. COLE Colour and Meteor struck out together ! for a smart gallop,' in the latter part of which the Australian Cup horse had to extend ; himself. Prometheus was only, asked to go slowly, and finished his morning's work. with a sharp brush home. Coningsby galloped six furlongs in good time, _ after which 20 to 1 was freely offorod.'ngainst him. Sir Garnet, who is a perfect picture of , health, merely exercised on the tan. Ring ! wood had mild work to commence with, us for which he went along the tan and with 1 Claudine, galloped tin co-quarters of a mile. Other horses also appeared, but cantering I was the order of the day. I Further changes are recorded in the wager 1 ing for the Newmarket Handicap. Coronet, on the strength of his gallop, has been backed at 100 to 6 but was let off at 10 to 11 in the evening. Prometheus at one time was 100 to 15, but Sir Garnet came in with a (great rush late in the day, and finally was a first favourite at 7 to 1. Welcome Jack has advanced to 100 to 6. Battalions la backed freely at 100 to 8. Duenna and Marie Louise are also liberally supported at outside prices. The following is the current bottine Sir Garnet, 7 to 1, taken and offered ; Prome- thus, 7 to 1,8 to I wanted; Coronet, 10 to 1, taken freely ; Shoot Anchor, 10 to 1 offered ; Salvo, 12 to 1 taken and offered ; Battalions, 12 to 1 taken and offered ; Welcome, 14 to 1 offered Loporollo, 15 to 2 taken and w wanted ; Mascotte, 20 to 1 offered; Lavington, 15 to 1, taken and offered ; Duenna and Marie Louise, 33 to 1 taken and offered ; 15 to 50 to 1 on others. For the St. Leger to 4 on the field. Australian Cup. Ringwood, 8 to 1 taken ; Acolyte, 10 to 1 taken and offered. Champion Stakes to 4 agst Commotion offered. a 