ST. PAUL'S CHURCH NORTH FITZROY The opening services were held at St. Paul's Independent Church, Del- -bridge-street, North Fitzroy, on Sun- day December 6th 1885. The Rev. D. Jones Hamer, pastor of Collins- street Church, conducted the morning service. The church being filled to its fullest capacity, the schoolrooms at the back being also thrown open. Rev D. Jones Hamer preachel from "The Acts of the Apostles" on the power of the Holy Ghost and the early Christians, and in the evening the Rev. J. J. Haley preached from Ephesians 2nd and 20th verse, "Jesus Christ him self being the ehr~feoriter stoke" the? building being -i ,lot=Tasricll= ai's- - te mnorning, the offertory morning and evening which in this church iitaken in the mildle of the service was towards the building fund.—The organist Mr. Johnston, with the assistance of the choir did good service, and the hymns being printed on ashdeth 'for the occa4ios were entered heartily intq.by the con are? _ ,ff the fn'o S.es'intimatb ,lf s?mgss?,o-t-dlsoon 06? a3otted, suiday school started and olher..branches' of useful work undertaken. Thischurch. will we hope fill a -long felt wput by ttXeelidsetI around. 6ofi-a ,place cof eq big nd. has besideit is.lofty and unlqgte.appearance oe.of the wost re centeiprouremeotrf tsn v entistoidwhere by a goofl?~tirxentilRTl iep'?e~it tained all round the church, and at thersamea time driving the heated air out of 'th roof. The .~6idian W~htcli his'eost abour£1500-is-to-bebsupplanted by a noble-church on the.vacant-grs uud .at the idejof tli?'present' ibding, as soon as the one now in use capable of seating about 400 is found-to be-- toc small: A tea- meeting was held on Tuesday evening, the Collins-street friends providing the tables, and the choir from the parent church under the leadership of Mr. Peake supplying the musical portion, the platform was filled to its fullest capacity by ministers and others, and addresses delivered by Rev. D. Jones Hamer, Rev. A. Go-. man, Rev. Ascher, Rev. C. H. Hager, Heon; W. M. K.Vaje and others. A col; lection being made for the organ was more than sufficient to place that instru m?ent out of debt, and the opening ser vices throughout were characterised with ·true heartiness and earnestness, and:we can sincerely wish our friends "'God' speed." - - 