; Our Sydney Letter. IVbcw orra own cobbbspondbnt.1 Ootobor 3. The Parliament is to be immediately dis solved. That is the extraordinary pieoe of intolli gonna, that was circulated in tho oity yesterday afternoon. Whon tho House met for buaiuoss ut tho uauul hour, tho Sergeantat Arms handed a dooumnnt to the Speaker ; at the mule moment, the j?romi»r laid a paper on too tauio, ana man Hiaruea non. momDers oy aayins:, ' I Wish yon good-byo, gentle men.' After that laconic address, it neelo.! not tint tho Speaker should read the document in his h'-uid to inform the Houso ?vh;::. it embodied. Everybody knew at once that it wiw a. proclamation proroguing Parlia ment. And auoh indued it was. Sir Alexander Stuart's words of farewell snpplied a partial carviinntion Af~ 'the bidden event that took pi£-;:'. Since* his return from New Zoaland it nas teen apparent t'- everybody that not only ?was ha unfit tor tho excitement of political lift), but ii wua curCuin ho would never again be fit Bat he would tot bulii'vo thia fact, and there loia ha exprossod his intention of again appear ing buforo hiti constitunnts at the next oleotion. Ti»g colleag»tja eaw that if he adhered to this intention the downfall of tho MiniBtry would be tfco innvitable consequence. Like loyal men, however, thoy stuck to their ohiof, and continued to do inoro than half d his ministerial duties. But the 'Parlia- mentary Proceedings' of the present week convinced several of them that that policy mubt bo abandoned, and Sir Alexander asked to retire. Accordingly, a cabinet meeting was bald yesterday at 3 o'clook, when the subjeot was discussed. It has not been announced that the Premier was requested in the meoting to resign ; but it is very well known that that Wfti - he first business transacted, and that Sir Alexander Stuart recognised the propriety of the roquoit. and intimated his intention of doHu; at once what bis colleagues desired. Of conrpe that step whom taken would necessitate the reconstruction of the Ministry, and that again, in this case at all events, would neces sitato an appeal to thu country. Therefore th» froroiftitiou preparatory to the dissolution of ariiiuueul was »greuil upon. The dissolution was also rot'lerfid ^oocssiry by tho obstructionist taotins of the Ormrwition. At the beginning erf tho suasion they saw pUinly that by fol lowing ordinary methods of attack they had sot the ghost of a chance of ousting tho Government; and, therefore, they agreed among ttiflmwilven that they would obstruct all buMiioSti, iio uutur of what nature it might be. It was the last resort of desperate and despairing ineu. And being a dangerous oonr°» it required mom than ordinary astute ness and ability to mika it successful. But thean nrt\ Tvrpcisr*! v tl\f- dualities which thft Ort - position lack. They ppun out the debate on the first motion of clours for nine nights : this wua their fir-it fnlye move. The country saw that there was really no need for this waste of timo, and that the Opposition were re«ponsib'e for it. A' soon as that motion had be'n t;oc rid of another was instantly tabled ; and while the discussion on the second was in progro3s, Sir Henry Parkes gave notice of a third ; and two more were to have been announced yesterday afternoon. During the debate on the first two motions of censure, every Oppositionist who spoke made it a point of roaring out ; or screeching, if he was fniiRfmiuM nf a rortr. 'Let na aa to our masters,' 'dissolve,' 'go to the country.' This Li just what tiia Government were de sirous of doing, for they did not want to pre sent tv ftmuicinl statement this year ; but their insenunto nrl*w-arics could not see this. The Opposition having dona enough by yesterday morning to tburonghly discredit themselves in th» eyun of the puljliu, the Government determined that the time had come to dissolve. They hnve hoisted Parkes snd h\x comrades with their own petard. The pppoidtioTi -ssit) now li*ve to discharge the dis agreeable tn-ik of justifying their obstruction to an snerry people, who know that the obstruc tion was oariied out, not in the interests of zr.ciscros, but solely in the interests of party. Whereas the Government will be able to say, walm-'irUtln'» Health Bill, a Local Govem mont Bill, nrid. several other useful measmci. We were prepared to 'go on wi'h business and pass tlic-e iuto'lkw, ir.fc th«j Opp-sition blocked a' cuv endeavours ; judgo between us. Jlr. Uihba i3,ccrt.riin'to bo the Premier in the new Ministry: 'Mrr O.-hen, the Minister for ?Juitice, will be dropp^l ; mj &Un; probably will Sfe. Wright and ilr.Snrton. Sir. Wright isan able man, and ii.ixip.illo of tho least act of corruption, but his position in the Wright Heaton OompiiiT, .i-iiiph hi* Urau transactions With the rnilways/imikea it utiv!i-irable that he should continue iu otttae. 'i lw twople do nut like it, and that i» sufficient. The elections ?will proba&ly; hogin Iccj iol- re the end of the month, End it may ba predict od that there will be no lack of candidates. In the Houee thia. week Sir Henry Parkes committee to inquire into all the allegations made against Liontcnint Mulhollaud in con nection with hia ; oondutit in tho Soudan. As aouu urf t.h« notice was published, the papers printed a statement whion showed that several years a^o Sir Henry P.irkes rownted Parlia ment's interfering in auoh a manner with Volunteer ofScnro. it )-«ing in liN judgmont the function of the military authorities to mako auch inqairiKi. -The House had actually passed u resolution appointing' a committee to inquire into certain eiikrjfts ugiinst a Captain Bob^.. but Sir Henry compelled it to rescind tha rrsolutifin; on the irround th it it implied an nuwarrsntable interf«rcnctj with tho military powers. No ono is surprised at all this, for Sir Henry is noted for lm inconsistency. The provotfutiuu, li'Mvever, will bafllo his little gamoin regard to Mulholland. ' A !-reat deal of indignation was expressed in tiia House a fevr days ago in Ronswquence of the (iovernnient; having app--inted a son of Xord Angufitus Loftua to be secretary to the Executive Conunifisioner, Sir Patrick Jennings, at tho forthcoming Colonial and Indian Exhi bition, to be hold in London. Sir Henry 3?artes characterised tho appointment as a gross job, and with thi* opinion the publio generally agree. At no time eimsa hw arrival in the colony lias Llie young man shown that he pos sesses any qualities which entitle him to the position. The Premier said he conld apeak several languages, but to that Ms. Abigail replied that he was addicted to obsoure ways. TLo Opposition will, of cour.se, try ' to make capital out of the appointment at the elootions, and it is possible tney may not be wholly un successful in the endeavour. Mr. Augustus Morris published an interest ing letter the other day, in which he proved from oortain unassailable faeta and statistics that tho depression in tho wool trade was only a temporary phenomenon, and that in a few mouths the prices might be pxp cted to go up to the 1883 level. The main points in hU argument were that tho use of wool is extend ing, while tho pastures of tho world are limited in area ; in other words, that there nevor can cone a time when the normal production of the commodity will bo in oxces? of tho normal consumption. Tho present production, hn pointed out, is not large enough to provide ono pound of wool per annum forlho population of tho world ; an* he explained that tho people of Australasia use an average of ten pounds per nunum f«ir etch individual. Tho letter has bud the eilcot of encouraging the large olu-w engaged in tho wool trade, and encouragement is xhe very thing they aeod in tlio present enui'Kanov. Mr. Dall«y is going to dclivor a looturo on Monday night in reply to Sir Henry Parkes'H milit ry address whioh I referred to in a previous, letter. The uoinission in to hn 3s.; but uh the lecture is to. be delivered at Manly it is possible ho will not pot a largn audionoo. The people of thd oity much aa they may admire 3ttr. Dalley, would not. pay that sum to hoar ?him or any other local man on that or any other MUbjeot. ' But the lcotnro 1b certain to be JntflTMting. 'Tho'Atteincy-Goucralis nlways at his best when ho ' i» criticising Hir Honry Parit63. 