Stales And sketches. > A. mysterious murder. "I rCOKCtUDED.J .Tcn voars piosod, and atilltlie master ot 'Dnrthurst wandered abroad in un known lands ; tho manor-house M into decay ; and tho grounds became a deso- l'atd wilderness ; tho Italian murderer seemed to hare vanished from tho faco of tbo earth : and the dcathof Stenhanin Van stone was oa. much n mystery, ns orer. Abont this period it happened thnt a very learned Scotch Professor, by namo M'unnciform, was making a walk ing tonr through Yorkshire, with a view of verifying his theory that a certain raro fern grow in tliat country in a wild state, ana of covering with confusion .bis friend and < rival, Professor Stamen, .who stontly maintained that it did not. Mr.M'Concifonn spent a day or two in oxploring tho country round Darkhurst. It waB wild and ragged, aparsoly popn- lntcd, and out of tno beaten track of tourists, and .tlrcroforo afforded a very happy hauting-gronnd for tho cnthusi- astio botanist. The Professor wandered over tho moors until ho approached .within half a milo of tho deserted manor, and: then, .wonderful "U relate, he disr covered his precious fern. He was tired, hot; and dusty) bnt lie cast his black felt hai wildly into tho air, and danced for joy Iiko a soboolboy. Sitting' down, ho grnbbtd up the plant, and transferred it iarefally into tho recesses of a tin box which ho carried along across hia back. Then ho began to sketch oat tbo treatise which- ho wonld writo to obliterate .Stamen, and as ho thought of it he grow quito excited, and waved his arms as i if : ho woro addressing a crowd of enthralled students. Unconsciously he seised the tin box,andwithannnusually onirgctic gesturo hiB fingors relaxed their hold: and tho box flow sovoral feet away, nrl ilmnnnrl emnniv'flin Tsnnflmi TIlo Professor at onco sprang to his feet in great excitement, and . ran to regain hie troasuro. Two steps brought him to the spdt where tho box had fallen ; he bent forward io pick it up, bnt suddenly drew back in terror. At his feet yawned an ugly dark hole, a dozen fcot in diameter, no donbt an old pit shaft. It was only by a miracle that ho had escaped falling into. iti.: His box had certainly gone down, and ho gazed into the golf with mingled disappointment at his loss and fright at hia narrow escapo. But tho Professor wns an obstinato man ; and, as soon as ho had recovered his prosonce of mind, lie cast about how the precious box was to bo reepvorod. " I wadna' lose 't for fivo pun' l" bo said, in abarst of.onthnsiasm ; and,. mprking tbo place witli biB pocket handkerchief, he set oS to look for assistance. In the course of an hoar or so ho sccooded in gotting a cpnple of laborers, a quantity of strong rope," anil' a boy, who volunteered, for a consideration, to ha lowored into tho pit. A. sort of 'windinsB was improvised, and MJjpy.yeps .sent .down.-on.hifl jnieBion. Yard' alter ynrd of rope disappeared, and still tlio. bottom was not readied. At length, lioWevcr, it became alack, and a moment, later .was violontly agitated. ". Puli 'nn oop," said tho men ; and they applied thomsolves vigorouely to the windlass. ' Presently the boy appeared bnt tho ' .box. did not, Tho youth was pnlo\vii.h terror, his hair bristled on 1hb heed, and,' for n long long time, ho could not nrticulato a word. . " -What's awa' wi' the laddie 1" said the Professor impatiently. " Boo — lioo," blubborcil tho boy, at length, " ar's seen t' ghost !" " Ghost bo hangit! What do yo moon ?" But nothing could induce tho boy to nttcr another word,. Ha lay down in the heather, howling and shaking with terror. Tho Professor grew frantic. " D'ye thinlc yon ropo will bear mo ?" ho asked ; I'm no' that heavy." v Tho. men thought it would; so Mr. St'Cunoiform tied it firmly around him, and -docended valoronsly into tho pit. After1', a long interval ho reappeared, beaming with delight, and bearing in. one hand tho prccions box, and in the other 'an objoct- which caused tho Yorkshire- men's eyes to open very wido indeed. ; Moiy.i" ho cried, breathlessly, "I'm in luck I . Here's my box, and hore," be continued, throwing tho singular object on the heather, " is a human Bkull 1" At, tho sight of the eknll tho boy blnbbcrod afresh, and tho men stared at .tho Professor in nmazomcnt. "Dinna glower Iiko that, yefulcsl" cried; M'Cnneiform, gotting very idio matic in his excitement, " I mun hae the lave o' tbo chiel's bancs sae lower awa'!"- In two mora jonrnoys tho undaunted Scotchman managed to bring up nearly the whole of tho bones, with certain other objects hardly less curious. Theae wore lajew.raohldoring pieces . of black cloth, several battered and discolored fragments of jowcllery, and 'a long, rusty knife. Tho Professor was hugely delighted, and personally escorted his booty into the nearest village. Tho news spread abroad, and tbo country inn was speedily thronged by crowds of gaping rustics. Por somo timo no light wns thrown upon the -mystery, hut at length ono man, wiser than his fellows, bothongbt him of tho murder at Darkhurst, of tho prowl ing Itnlinn stronger, and tho robbery of Mrs Yanstone'a jewels. ' The' Professor listened with much interest wliilo tho conntryman told him the melancholy story.- " It's as clear as daylight !" he cried ; tho murdorin' villain was rinnin awa' owor tho moor ond ho fell down the pit. He's ckoatod tbo gallows, but tho ven geance o' tho Lord over-took him." And he quotod a certain couplet from Horace, which bogins Jbtro antcceilenlcm sccUstwn, And so tbo Yanstono mystery was cleared up. Tho papcra were filled with narratives of tho extraordinary discovery, articles were written, and sermons preached on tho well worn saying, " A murder will out," and tho country people wagged their heads solemnly, mid pionsly crossed themselves as they told their children of -.this signtll iiusUmscaifiptsvlb- dontial jetributiuu. Naturally .enough tthe itiiwe wws utt once convoyed ;to iGweo 'Kmwloiiq, ivlln;, in duo time, iwrotoito stbc iloeiililiqpnra ftp express his tliiuiks itor ttlie iwiiiuint off sympatliy which had Ibvon toisorlljill tie him, and his :irofound tOilM Ctlmt lllis wife's mnrderor had iroet W.ith rtlic ifiite ho dosorved. Andinat ivo-llnngiflttiie- wards, to the great «urprise.oilllill«oniw of the noiglibarliood, (bo lamumnced lllis intention of joturiiing tto lliia mwu country, and mottling inn itlin lOatntoortff bis ancestors. He Iliad Iliad ifllimglli off wandering, lie -.wrato sto lllis sjilisitnr :i llio wae getting to lbe « im'iddle«\gelliimin;; at tbree- nnd-.forty iit-,rtns itimp doginaiiup aimless globe A rotting, mnU do -fiend m moro sobor.nnd usefUliB.siiitniB3!. Sttrroi- ovor, as .tho murderer mf his ihclftvodiviili! had at length Ibeon idiscp.varell.mnllmns beyond Abe .reach .of Abe llnvv.iuelliodmp longer nny object iin inirtKing-BWrjlliiTiir him iu his native , county (df Utillv. o Yanstono' s agent -.was iinflkuutotl tto ro;>ort upon Abe atotciflf his iiunnitr, \vit5h n viow to its bcingAhnrpiigldyivunnvutelj, and, whon necessary, iniblliU;; iti llininto was token for him on Abe iiimnertittto noighborbood until rtlicjepiiirellioilldllo' completed:; .and Alio exumly gtsqili began to look .forward rtolliiemtlvoiArW.ttb interest, as dikely to Alfrqrd.-oitwwamtso tion to Ahoir humflrmu llivos. Ju m month Yanstone xotnrncli. He looking old and weather Ibcaloq, he Iliad grown a greybeard, and lllis ffase -was ma wrinkled as Abut ofounnnrof aixly. ®jtt bis fignro was still npriglAmntlniliintio;; ho was as active os overhand Ahe.fllraitgi;, haunted look had gone iroiu lliia oyoa. He took tbo keenest hitorost iin Abe so- storation of tno manor house. Sdmiqi- soemcd.tobe .no.objco, .-and,. -as mini Ah after month, slipped .nwqy, Alio Ibnit-twll old bouse and grounds Ibccmnc itrann- fieurcd. nnd beimn Ao assamoillieilkiiu ond .ordorly nppenranco ,of m itlinetonlAb century .mansion. Yonstono avnq, off course, made a J-P. mod mttsntted lllk duties with much Koiil authregillnrity.. fide wos evidently trring ;to mffnto AliP ito- collobtion ,of bis .turbrilent youtl\, mud the country people -were mtlly App (g'lnll tto second Ins efforts, mnd Ao twdlenine $p eligible a sheep into Abe iTdlflafscqpsutC' bility. He hunted Abrce hove ,-0',Ka(ll), and rode wondorfulljr atraiglAlfnrmiinnn who bad lived soironcbmbrood;; lberwne an excellent shot, nnda voyiintoregting, though somowbnt . .silen, (Otmjimriinn- Moreoror, bo had mbout Ilfira hll Alio fascination of a -.man .Who ibnddlflnemnd suffered mncli, and, iin miiite of litis wrinkles and grey hairs, Abo llallktsmu- nnimously voted Jiiio olincnliug. Ulliflrc was but one thing -wanting Ao mfld to lliie popularity in tbo country, mud Aim t wae .that ho should take ito ill'miedlf mwifq, and rovivo Alio traditional llioepttillily mf Darkhurst Mnnor. It wae about m year. attar WnntttaiWie return, ond the restoration iflf Aim hid bonsa was praoticaUy.coinjrtflted, Wlionih was nnnonnced that -tbo imasteritff®ntk- liuret was engaged to ibepuarciedtlo.'ittiee Moudlp, of tbo Priory. Youe.tnne Iliad at length done his ,duiy,1ond(Ov«ytbplly cxcopt a lew disappointed immninaemtv knowjodged that he .coiibl inntlbuvedlnne it bettor, Mies Mondip woe m youi lady ofconBiderablcnttrnctions.mndenme six-ond-twentyyeara :; she woe mnmilly daughter, and tin '.heiress iinminiadamfp way; Bho was also :o iCntliCUq.mudifif irrcproaohnblo hneagc. ifotliiitgcwilUl bo more euitable, and Abe iWimAy showered congratttlations ,on Abe llnmne of the fortunate and wqll.wacbodiooiiilli:. Vanstone -seemed to lbe .devoted Aolllie future wife, and onharparthtiss.Mnndjp wos obviously very deeply iin llpveWitli her chosen hnslianil. 'There woe mp reason ior.auy -uuiuj., ,wiu wns, tberofore fixed to Alike place iin m couplo of month's Aime. 'llheitrraueaBiU), of course hnd Ao bo hougl, wntioiie fiuislung touches hod Ao ihc put Ao Alio Manor Loose, and ilougtby iuttluincnte bad to be drown up. .So YiiUHtinieAirtlk up bis quarters ot lbe Prioiy idutingAbe interval ; and ho and Mr. Mcnfljg, m hard riding, hard- drinking, .old-iMiinued squire, formod a groat attachment itp each other. Tbo weddiug-doy woeifisefl:; and Vnnatono had given a llnrge mnd somewhat disorderly haubelor ; parly .lit the Manor, before again ibocontiqg m Benedick. Tho day hcforcAbcseromimy Mr. Mondip and he agreed Ao tdine quietly together jn Abe ihome,AO:sefc5lpm few final details. " It is rather a .nuisance;" siiid Mr. Mendip to Vanstone, Ahnt.nrariiii!g;;l"lliut I shall have a priost stay ing-, Witlmnc to night. . I don't mind joaving Abo sent of them, for the wife -will , do all Ahut'a necessary, but I've only jiiatiboarllifrmn Lee, and I am afraid he will itliiilkiit rado, as be doesn't know Mrs. M"' " Bring him with you lly ollmicniif- By tho wsy, be is uncp.mropUly otlww;; bound to get on, I hear.:" J&md; Mr- Mendip shook hands With lO.wsq, and rode off smiling. But the squire of Darkhurst atood looking aftor hiin -with a weiy did (ex pression. fliB lace was deadly jpiilq, lliie ureai/U uaiuu nuurn .»ut» .««» hhh .right band clutched at'his ibreost. hllic old banntod look was ill! his <qy-eq, as lit hod been ton years ago. P.re«ciAly, bowevere, be turned on ibis ibeChwitbm sneering langb and -went ibsCk to Alio manor. ' The three men dined together iin a comfortable little room leading out m f tbo (lining ball. Everything had 'boon changed within the last two yenrs. H'be f urnttare wos entirely now, and Abe : fit tings wero modern and .ooinfortablfi, instead of being ancien, pieturosijueand incovenient. Mr. Mendip was iin ex cellent spirits, and VauHtone :top.; It 11 it up the conversation -.with uudogging gaiety. He drank, murt-ovcij soinewlmt more than usuol, ami pressed the blil port upon bis visitors until Mr. Mendip remonstrated. " You're in rare form to-night, lOwcq;" lio said, " but you rcnlly amatapnrc iUS. llcmembcr what wc hove to .do Ao- morrow." " Nonsense ! A tnau docs ;uof get iimiTiisli averydiiy;. and a- few bottles of Alliu wllll novorliitrf.yon." "'Jly-JLvq;-! believe yon !" answered Mmitlp;, with at sign of ssrisfaction ; "'iti cartisihlyr' is' a- grand trine. What (iloyin|itliiitlr,-Lco?" Ibid) priest: nod'dbd- assent- Ha bad dWnilf moro1 modbrareiy than his eom- pifllinn, Unit witli' evident appreciation off tfio! vliltago.- Hb was a silent, re- sorvadi limit;, though ant excellent com- limiinniwllcmliq' eliqse' to exert himself, mnd thaA cveitiiig: lie was by no means iiulliqtqsedkit'tiiko'big shore in the eon- veffimibm- Amhso tho' evening slipped mmy.- Mr.- Mendip told dozens of Miriicr,, mostly of m sporting character; Mmmt'omo ncrratod'- many carions ex- pnribttiresiofiliii! jorcignwatiderinRS ; end Aim pribstt dccasibnslly iritcrposcd with a rwiinrlbornni iihmtration, wlu'cli proved lliim tio lbe mil cppreciativo listener, Yont'vo' certainly seen some queer slillw dff lifo;. O'wcn," remarked Mr. Milllll j| j, !« Vdilstond finished tbo story off m singnlnr mfvontnro in Calabria ; "'IhiAWiO llovd-' not- bail a-tolo from yon jKrtf, Kod-';: now;, of oil' men, I sboald Alliilkm prliistf could toll an interesting irtlwyA'' "'NrO dbulit J coald',!'' said tbo Father, ctnlliiigc;; " littb our socroto sronotoar tuviipdUiionilb;-'' '"The not wiring yon' to divnlgo the myMbribmafl- Aid' enniessfonsl," laughed Jwmlip), "'allliougli' we are all good (SiAlulitcf liqrn1 hue you really must llumurmo:, Cbmo;, I can't excuse you." "''"flbllif im Aio-' Confessional rr a sen- cmibimllii'raimii.ini ono- act,!' cried Vhn- cttmuplkiigliilig: lioistorously, Mr- £eo! sot silent aminute or two so iifiiuAlmigllA- "'Ae m iimttbr of focf, " lie safd at lb)lgtll(,"'Alo'stbrjf- I meant to tell yoa \vmr oiiifoff Aiu confessional. It is a lluijg Aiiio- ego;- ond'- I don't see what llimmiitdotiuldi.esflocihllr us I ennld not thill yon! tlloi rtomcs of tlio actors,- even if ffrvMlicllto!- ft-ib noto- pleasant story, " HuicoiiUitnedl- '"(Sbnm'KccjI'saitf Mr, Jfcndlp, "don,t AtrAitvcour curiosity !" "Wollj, a«> you inm'st," replied the priicrtt,,"'il3iipp«so! I must oblige yon. It llnpilenictl mgtiodinmny ycarB ago ; I will iiodmyllow many;, for ohvibns' reasons, ffwomm very young priest thenr»nd I rtiimAnillnlbtllntMlcing a- beginner! was u'.'fcsslliig nervous; about hearing con- ihnsibmti- Clbo'd'aricovoiiihgin November I wots .ai'UJ'rtjfihi Aio: Oratory Charch in Alouourtlimibiinl'hox'j.woiAhgforpcnitonts ffbir nmntc reasom or other I left very dbjiwuiwill- lUiavo' lieon snbjbct to fits od lbw splHto old my life;, but that ufhtfiuflie f remember I was oppressed lly aoiiteltliiig of Ale; nnturo of a night- mmvs- FbonenA'yf lioard a. hurried step ouibiilb;, ondltiimyergcrnslicred a man iiutpAloqiwi'tolto'siilooftlic confessional Oil' eom«o;,Il onullb not sco liim bnt I llnorw lbe wus m nianiby liib stop, and ifoiiulliinHrentllihg I judged him to bo stwngljf ogtottcil- Aai bo' mode his, dUtltfcisibni Hits': vofcq: occasionally failed Ihllil, ami1' Altc partiiibiv between shook Wlttu Aim vlblbncei of liib emotion.- I will tod you), ma nearly its' f can, in bis own wwllij, wllntt f ltoiml1,. ond: yon will jbdgo ifttryomtfolbom Wfietlier-' I liavo not got ivmwtn to remombcr tbc terrible story, ''ArViarortWO' ogn;!' be said,- 'f was in Ihbly:- J met Aicro: Aio1 loveliest girl I etw soy im my lifo;- She was tho dlnitjflt'oir of! om ftiilinw nobleman, who IlifllUleoin niliieil im Aio: war,- and was itelhlcidl tolteophimsclfand hfo child by ll'wmiiig m fbw-' acres of ground in a mum to country di'sfrict.- I was travcl- lliigaiiiilbasly' about with: m gun and a nllitAilb lloolr;, and 1 chanced- to become msqimfutod with; AiooiifMorcbesc; Wo aiHiu llooomo! fi-lbmib.- Ho wae a man of einuiive ouiu oaucouon;- ana hi meet one rrtilhwllBtinllifcaultll exchange ideas was m lkcmi p|i!alnm) to' liim;- I fell fn lovo wl'AliAloidliugllfer:- Slip;. I fancied, ro- ituwd my passion;, and' licr father did not dliftcimwmc mo:- Ono day the old man iimAwlAli om ocoiilbnt ond' woo carried limine dyiig- (Db' bib dcaAi Bed he en' tomfoli lib; d'ougiitorto' mo;, and a week oir Avm afttir liim death I married her, slbewws lbnol;, friondlbss ond licnutifal, omUll Alongltsllo'lbvod: me, Welivcd lioyiiliyommgili for m fow months, and ttlera $ fiuntil out Aiat S had- mode a totrflll'ie nii'st'afta:- I'lio knowlbgo almost dlwvpnnsniaiil- Rlio-liml- already hod a llnwu;, w!lo> liadl deceived- and desertsd Ibm;, audi wi'Ah m woniaids perversity, she dlluig to> Aim inomory of this faithless s'i8iimdtol,d'(#tpibcdl my dbvoA'on, while .rlhe rtiiaAlutlbally endured' my attentions. If mm m nmudl man;- and': tbo discovery ipiiisimsitlmyllappihess.- I grew jealous, ibriUillliP mull siispicfouo, f would not Aciwtllor out of my sight,,, and I soon mmto ller ao; miscrahlb aa myself. iHwsenA'If dibeoveredi Aiat Aiis man limb lleom anew im Aio noi'gliborbood, and J fibmiii ai Ibctor wliieli' lio- had written to Hint, 11 Winn nenrfy' nrntf wiUi fbalousy, .mill 1 ilmti m torrilile scene wiAi my iviifu. lly' Alreato- and'- entreaties I mm toiler vow never to sco or write to lliim agrim;; audj- sliortly afterwards uve liiui Ate country and camo to iimitlHIllH' ' WUIH- M--L UUflHIW. If AlongilAallo: was; pining after her old Ik'.vm;, amb if sllmwanfed'-to mix fn society II ifini'iieb slim war anxious to' replace lliim. AJmll #» wo liveibfbrafbw months. AAltaigAbff fbiimb tliat my fears were wolllgpoumlbdl. Silo: hod; corresponded w! Ah Aim f muudl-ol',- audi he bad dared to (StuneAnErtgl'midl to1 scoklier, Iknew AlatrngjuneiltwaB' useless,- so Llefsmy llomiq, nioauiitgnovertorotnrn. But I iuiitiialbilhtob my owm strength. Tn mptle of ller tVoaollory' J oonlil' not help llwliigllcs;, audi jj'alousy eausod mo to mulbu Almtlomiento of bell1. So- 1 came Ibnjlblly- stoiAb iin Aim dbad'of niglit to wutilb iloit fit warn d'arif and stormy, amb am 5 ontoreib my owm ground I Alnugllt Jivama" tooll to tbrfaro' myself ewjr oito worAllte woman'. I half Aiicnsbllmdiydbtormmed: w fctlior go her luvin woy- Woul'dl to God; I bad dono am!! Itutff.artW'tuliglititii lierroom, and AlmoviH tomptodl nir out Ber window \Wiui opoilb mnb If dli'rtilledl opj Aio fry and ibolletbiiu- -WliafJiJid'-aoxtlknownot i I but in a second, a it vxmei, I had liim by the throat. He wrilld like an eel and tried to stab m: with bis stiletto, bnt when she saw him fall she threw herself open his body wiAi a shriek, and kissed his dead face. Uitkad notices for that f wonld hare spared her ; but I was possessed with the fury of a mad man. I struck ber in tbo mouth as she tamed to rerile me ; I strangled her with my hands, and I threw her lover's body into n coal pit." " The priest panted a moment, for, as ho spoke, there was a singular sound in the room — a mnfiled, wailing shriek — which filled hitn with a strange horror. He glanced nervotuly at his companions, who did not seem to notice the mys terious sound. Ysostonc was staring apparently into vacancy ; his eyes looked liim those of a bunted beast, and drops of perspiration stood oh bis forehead. Mr. Mendip was gazing at his fature son-in-law with an expression of help less bewilderment. " My story affects yon," continued the priest. " It was a fearful crime, but 1 know he repented bitterly. When I gave him absolution be tagged some small token of remembrance - from me, and I handed him a b'tllo crucifix." The speaker seemed for a moment to Irate forgotten his hearers, and his thoughts were with (he part. A sodden exclamation from Mendip broke tho silence. " Owen 1" he cried, " what's the matter, my boy? Good God! don't look like Aiat ! ' The priest started, and turned towards bis host. Vanstonc's face was positively livid, his features were distorted with pain, and his band was pressed orer his heart. He tried to smile, and his lips moved, bnt tbc only sound which came from them was a sort of gasp as be fell back in his chair. Both Lee and Mendip sprang to fliAtr took " 111 send for a doctor t" cried the old man. rushing into the hall. The priest seized Vanstonc'a wrist, and dashed water in his face. There was neither breath nor pulsation, and with desperate eagerness he tore open his shirt at the neck to give him air. Aa he did so, Father Lee's fingers eaoght in a chain, and his eye fell on a small dark object. It was a little ernafix, and when the priest saw it he started with . horror and fell upon his knees beside the body. " God be merciful to me !" ho said. " I hare revealed Ate secrets of tho con fessional, and tins man's blood is upon my head !" fa ocr ceit— "A Dead Man' Pace." 