. "... J»ftCtCi3Cl\ ... Out:. ®ar«Sval. Racccottrco. \- nt SnoavcNoa ausotF.nr - - (Core! licit.) ; Well, an I. hava raid thohill, as it now utandB.la tho best site on tho ground. Standi ing upon its dope, the cyo oatefcoo: every foot of thfi oomoo. - Ahd aol observe this, Ivdis- hover that n new. treming nround, oHQ iuilo round, has been recently :madu_, wlthiii v'tlio cirelj.of .tba cotirotl; Jbrihnni'thoetvbrthy rungor, tolls. mo that it is tho ebnndest training flTftunrl nn thn n/hnlnthnvt hrintlniil nn<9 i»nnl« acres, nnd that it is bnlit bhninoihbhesbf irpn- ntolio rook and nlno more 'of ioam, sand, and' tan, in. tho most approved 'fashion-,; :Yonder, us- ho points out— away to.the left, hro tho. sand track, one aiidnhaltmileS,thpbiiaiiiiiotdnt! and tho one mllo olndoni'. 'I'am told with a certain prido, tint tho rolling and harrowing, bud euott llko .work in. oounootiop wilh -these tracks,. mvolvD an annual labour- oovcrlng a dlstnnco of 700D miles. In eammer.tbb iraoits nro regularly watered every day.- .Wo descend frura -tho HlUntrd on tar' the' passsgo wlnoh leads to; tho' grand- stand and .dm ilawn. Hero, .Shortly; will bo bailt n covered way, through uhiah thn eoU of society Willpiaos, unseen and ancrititdsed by tho baser play.1 "Not thilt tbis.ia tba especial object of fBft imprbvemont,,' whloh indeed is'prbjcoted tor tho puroosb of etill further fncreaelng tho rosourecO. and area nf thoHill. v ;1. uuuuiuiuj, ujy iU biia yrjag oi oia GUSCsPVO dncca hre keys with that air Of: responsibility, which im igh t ottnch, to an old ,timo huthiin as lie loads tho way to an inspection of tho glories 61 thb cellar.- And now wa perceive ths fall- dovejopmoni ,o£ a sohemo, which has 'been mado ia tho interests at thai other class of tho public, tho members 'of whiob. eo to say, travel with ftrsi-claes tiokoTii in tho trains of muncsmcht.atraoo times. , This is tho swoll's Itegion; and proper' recognition offta snpcribr' rcqhfr&ncnta; is ovidbht on all sides, ' < - JMtiee. aiii liama f. tot Us ontf r, timidly and nervously, -yet with, that eager cariosity with which innocent' bachelorhood regards every- thing 'connected with tho lodicn nnd tbeir snr- rbundiuge. Thie fo one of tho retiring robmn. Nay, by tbo mass 1 but limutt langh. Ths most prominent farnitnrb in i thin gorgeous apartment ooiisists'of mirrors I Mirroroiargo, mirrors small ; mirrors which reflect tha fees end hast only, and largo choral glasses, whioh givo forth to tho inquisitive fair the reflex of tho.wholo of the glories of her form nnd cos tume. Horn, no question, the dainty maids nnd , matrenswho bloom on dta l&wn; during Cap week, r.nd whose gay and brilliant attire rival Mr. Mcoto'o mantling blossoms of many coio-: red hassr-bcro, I sey. wilhiu these rooms (for there nro two, oaett l lO feet long) might bo seen and hoard'mncb by tho philosopher (wore, ho .invisible whioh would imprarb his' knowledge Of the. feminlno nature. Whae plcasnro, gratified vanity, Innocont trinmph, mortified pride, delight, nnd disseris faction, have these mirrors in tnra reflcoted; and shall again reflect 1 How many a woman's heart baa. beaten highypr lowered ito pokes, as these honeattoU.talcs.oefonallsides.hdvogivcnbaek a truthful BUnwer to .wistful or eager feminino inquiry I I wonder whether Mr. Mooroohqoacs asho looks around at this room. For myeelf, I otvn I burst .ont. laughing. ;. 'Bat not alone mirrors for tho ladies; Everything tho charmers need Is provided. Hero and there are hung "housewives," filled 'with' jicedlca, silksp cotton, pics, '' and tho' thousand nnd ono contrivances with whioh women "fix" themseives-1. If an awkward Cavalier tread Upon a lady's train and rip its "gathers," nU'sba : has to" do is to'ropair to bnb,of thess dainty nparlmonts, whore' shi Wflf find appliances, for- remedying tho ovil, ond Veoayonng -her oompleceney by noting tha faoialeflsot oi 'bid ytempor in aiooklng. glosa.Viidiifhapiy.thq snh may hava unit,', wi(Ji hid ; aniordus .'giabees, ' her .fair, qheola, or." delieatp noEo; herolehaU flho'flni oald '.orcam, or ',;viblet powder, or toiletlo vinegarorepoio'suohdolieateproparfttjontb reliovobor S weotvisnge ; while aho may nSSaage hcr'amiDysiico endrelieva hbrifc-eliiigabythp; cxoeUeritSf_r.:Sloorc.':.By.GeDrga|."Ithin that; - all things oohsidered; thit-' gentlbman iehbDldAbbl,,tnb: bset: laudeil .man'in,yiotoria, among tho, ladies at acy.rato, (taring Carnival Fiowqja aro.'of couri:n, <litribiitedin overy .'part 'bf' Iheso 'BparitnentSiVfor.'.thoir.greitait adornment-: - Cut flowers are akp ' provided ; c'o'.tjiat aJS'dy.nbbding soma delicatoblooaom to Btill iartheronhancbhor oharmsAmiy find It , to her Imini. "Oases pl-flowcro for this pnr> jposb are brought .frpm suoh 'districts asr pro- 'dnep rthcin'learllcr 'tban,: hereabouts. , -'Even tiydneycphkibutSs'itu' obntingohibf blossoms' — amoDg wliioh tbo Warratah iii .over prbnii-1: ncnt. All tbio is Railant .wprk-'but it Is'rib loa8/pblioyir;Wbilo;it' gives plensu'ro tpv'tho fair, it.'no -loss brings Igrist- to the mill.' A ounping gentlcman is llryllyroii Sloore. ; '.It coorasn coarDo instEer", bnt really'I think I om as much interestcd-'in tho next apart ment into ,'rvhiohl' am introdaocd.WQ havd lopltbd'upon': (lio.'pnrelyitosthetio irid pootio fcaturos of n race meeting,; Jotus howinSpc'et ftin.mvvt'rt rintfVrftl nffvnniJ/itwi - Cfit«n mri f>T«M Jl' w -!«.'i)sher8eg:AppbtIte-la-iaunaged;...;.0b#ervb'' thttt.tlfis.iatho luncheon jobmi and. 'oOnsidor wliat'n opcc(aclb:ifnibst present "daring race : :w6obi;.'. It 'iel'eilsnt and empty cn'ongh- now. thpngh ono '. might. fanby .ghosts, of departed rbybllors flit about unseen, yot hiahgry:; htitin - fhot:eoUrs'o of a conpio :0f . inonthn: ita- loity". opaco. -Bhall: oaho' to, tka-pops oi abainpagon corlco, thb ornnoh'':p£, teeth,- tlio: biistle. and" laughter, and,':, truth ta/aay; ynlgtuk hubbub and oohfasion of ; Su'eh assemblies;. .Fioworo ..again wiU bb sppn in:prbfasion,..rWhy not ? Doea nbt ono; onjby, ouphVmattbre tho hotter- ' f0r;dainty.arid,reflaing''bnrreunding3,,,:If.it be pkasanfc to thb oycto' gaze upon, n: honed tGrkby or a rbiced piOj is not- it . thb more so; to lot it.rcst awhjlonpsn tho awcothess and iresuoess or, oioom anqomssomr vvlio aoos. dot nppreoialb tho eflect of thb . dainty' f pr'm- t'ore ofa.dinncr tnblo?.'> Who then nholl not applaud, tho.ooiijnnotlon of bucli influences as are afforded by 'tlioYprbseheabf'awect flowers. ,Nky, tbo tastos's blsasio.andhaa thb authority of ih'o bost.treSitiono.;'1'. y-'"; ' "Tbo Govornor'S opsrtmopta aro nH that thpy shbaldhe.' .vFIbasant ts bo a Gosrar'nor I hhpulfl say-atriicotimcs; anyway;-:; At 'other'- times; whop) .pestered hy dull flotatosmon"'. nnd .-vulgar pretension, tho' post-may xoahso- tbp nxiom that "All thaf-glittsrs ishot gold:" Itmust indeed bs hard work'somoUmea, play ing Governor, end eaotb to nay must involva an . "extra , cmplbyinent of - that eusvo bypoorieywit-h wbicli seeieliHosionsf,recnp.- p-jrie,!, uut i-.erc, away troni tlio disabilities of hie pfilco, be and his -hviy wifo' r.nd brave youun-dcn; r.nd galfciui cuit.', mnsthava is bi'fli old ti'-n.i of it. I iKjniulo Sho i-.:.,U.-y tliiao -.lien J v.ouM iiS'.v Gu-.c-nor. .e'er frulys/e'trest oor Governors' better in the matter oi feeding than fell to tho lot ol l-.oiie' t vel , oi l!;-.rr.t.-.ria, who get nothing to cat yon. ; -.Viif '.rem amber, . but e.rgument nnd 'i'liia hi Vno'-Prees room. ' 3Uic.ib stairs load to the. canipisrtihoiit wlisnon tlio recording r.Dgeb , Isko note "bad 'notice 'of tho raoeo. Every oohvoulcncs is ' provided for. tbeso . worthy 'paoplo." ".in that division at tlio cud are placed tho telogcaphis operalars., What a: jump nil tlii.'!, from dm time '-rben tlio fin l: oa'nrea in Australia was founded by tho 'fine goiitls.mea of Ilia Id'ajc- sty's loint rbgicaeiit c! fcr.t, ' ' - . '.'.'bo caddling ji-.Sdock, or'whoM luj men oi the ring do So ilu Sheii- l-safntej or do ooia.ikouy ake'j, V.', as nU-tiio j .' world kttovre, untie; tbo Hi!!, to. tho ->V;-:t of I ilea et.-.ua. Here tea , . I i«shJ tevu k- re mad?, cil tending to jho j iaeilitation of ths great Osinivai o! the year. Fonder tha judgoVstsnd, wherein tbo arbiter of every contest places hirnecU. By my foithl I often think that many a criminal has hoard with desa emotion, the fiat of A jmtgb ol.la'vi,: than have tbonrands who have marked that oi n jndgoof aruco, , - , . '. . :. Tho. now-utond:ovc:Iaps the old one. aml i« built-up on on, area of land eooopod out of; the lull. Tho orunh and orowding, vhtoh Olt late years, fnnrrcd the pleasure of so runny; is now avoidcd.'-Tha rnsh wiU bo for thonety, Stand, and IhO Taco,- to the- owilteati . The' ladies, whosa robes a"fa a higher consideration than n horso. reao, m.ay, therefore movn. more . lcknrely' with their OSOoilo, pod taka tbeir plnots in ibb:o!d;Stand;: "Tbb f orssigllt wbiob led tlio eomtnitob to! "adbnt this plan goes to chow aEninthoitFenblbnityta.thaolaimsof n'tlhlin fnn-ennfnnn r . ' . v BirtdetTis get bnj nbross fcblawnitRnd on past' the ivied walls and ranger's cottage.- 'I ohsstyo that carpenters nnd painters arb hard at worp, andlenrn tbatthoy aro tha brnploy 6i .of tUd'ciab. . .A!l work, wlietlicr of eraft'. or form, or gardcn, Is dbno by men obga'god An , the estate. '. .Tlio work-rooms of .'carpenters,, blaokomiihs, painters, point to tho oiroijm- stineo that there is cilongh to keep bnaincsa brisk tho year round. Tho fatm work is .'cx- .tohVfvd', -.consisting in' .hnrrowinj," cattiog, mowing, and snclvliko oporationn; .Hay is' grownior the worsingliprsoSiOt which thefsarb' oloven— sneh animela as are rarely Seen, save in n brewer's lorry, or n hbrsonhow.; Fat' and Insty, they ercm to have a good time - bl it, with a eplendid stable in which to pnsa their hours of oass and.monoh thoir avrcet hay.' By the, way in whieh Jonatlian poses himself as vre regard' eomn of thcao bravo oreatarbs,;! aa.uv .nun us msesraro prmo miii-.saviuae- Hon in thorn.. ... ' - > , On 'jileaaaht Tines, trnly, ia eaat tba lot or honest Jonathan. lEo has boon associated with tho bonrso'Tor inOfo than twenty ysare, and may bo said to bo pisrt and parcel of tho: institution.' -Horn ie his cottage oianding on a gdutlo slope, find cmbossomcd In flowers nnd ohrnbberics. . From tho vomndah I , watch tha coaching of tho yonngstoraon" tba tracks, There are soma twenty of them,: each, doubt less, as mnch a subject of anxiety, and hope and tear to.hla trainer, cs bipods, on their en- tronce into Ufa bsnoorri tbeir mothers mid fathers; Indcad, there Is .not a little which is .alike, and runs parallel to— tbo cocrro of a obild'a lifa and that of a colt or filly. - Bach trains fortba prizes o! life, In.'some form Or another, and a similar picture is prescntcdia either core of the rarity of success and the canetancy .of : I ailnro. ' , A " fow, : come to tho front, and a four remain tbAre—Iiko old Cooi- moilon— stoutly oontendinf; against all saw comers.. But what .becomes of She :rnck,' whether human or equina?/ "Do thoy riot pace into the oblivion of forgstfainoss ? Are thoy not merged In'.o the common Jot, end labor cnt -their, lives in humble shadow 7 1 often think that. a. Gap winner is.liko tho belie o! n Iiondan eoascn, Or a coaiety beauty, who' rarely shines in tho finqsmsnt of fash- ianabia oaprico or whim, more than once. And yet sea how oogor the women ore to oblno even for this brief space I ' Fcrhopj the motive may be the npccofation, end the value pi notoriety may bo turned to as hspriy acsoont in tba esse of tho woman as in Uie enso of tho horso. . ; _ \- But what is all . this I I neto that Jena-' than is oyolng mo furtively, as I stand in his verandah thus refleoting; and I doubt net that ho thinka the excellent whiskey to which wa hava been treated in hishocso hoc proved toft much for my weak briilntf. Bat I tell him I was thinking that bad I tho choice I .would rather lire in his cottage - than in Govoriuncnt .House, in whioh, indeed; is sober truth. At which his face relaxes, and though hri answers nothing, ho, looks, tho hofleat gratification- my poor compliment ".has in spired. " v ; - .. :.7 Jonathan's garden is nvoiy. glory of bloj- sotds. : Faiticnlnrly rim 3 nttrantodj'by 'the native heaths,' which are cultivated here. It fa a popukr delusion among umstcar garclcnern, that Uie.heath will not -bear .translation' to urtiflcial treatment. "That" nzyaonr cicerone, A io simply breausa thoy : know nothing about the mattor"rTran: explanation T fancy, of tho 'majority of popular, delusions. , ; Attsphed ,to- tho cottego .in U BtiiaU green- horiso.-whorepot'plantswre-plaoed'iri plenty; iqcuicbimua, y on eee,: lntmB ocoenrrto- oumato, . .'tho olo'rk'-ot tho weather playa'ssd pranks to-' Wards thu ond 'of Ootobef;; The wind ed fain bombinp to mnrtho'odmpiotoness'.'of thAfloral deoorationa' of lawri ! arid:: avodrie. ; ; In that base, tha remedy fa at hand. Tha pet plants arc buried in thucartfa, andthtTeye is satisfied.. Thera ia curely/eamcthing of enthuoiesm in thoso;fbrid..'lpreohutions on.tha .patt.lofrMv, Moore, to comploto tha .glory of tho place, - at Oaraival timo. < 'Ot.th'o.farrisrioo.'tho Ivied walls, ttg V' bar--' de'pirig.hquBoyi inwhicb plants' are . propafod" for, \ planting. oiit;. of -tho-hedgo'e'df gazorila nnd massca of wiiloBporum, . of tho pjaritd., tion's. "right nnd laft. nnd tlio whole fartiior: dotnilB of this.- moat ploaaant epocfeclo; I apeak rid;nioro;- -Bet mo!hopo" that there will b'o fow of my readers Who -will not jndgo for tllsmaolves.in thb first .wbck-'of Novbmker.Qnd viatofthethbrieandonporithoiiyaridswhothori :brpwd tho HiUin.rid.Iiawri and StahdatidFJat,' thur'b vill i:; nn fo,? irsscni-iblq to the circum- atarico.that:iri' converting thApablia. pnrtibn. oi Flemingtoh raccconroo into Q epooiea ot a' tlio mtcrcets of the popular sport and elevate its character by its assoaintionu." may be sure of this, tbat the Iosb horserscing is mndo purely n buBmosn . for the, gambler, and the more" its hrnyo irifluenosnr.ro'iiBSoOihted'With' beauty and rafinoniont and honest wholesome oujoyniens. tho mere certainly will lis popu larity ezpsml and grow. v . . - Yonder., on tho now ; traok are n dozen beauties taking ..their, gallops. '. As. our trap ascends tho gentle slopo of tho new mcmbore'- read I watch them, and marvol not nt tho olrong hold tho oport: they confer upon na shonld have upon, oooiety. : Nor do I wondor .oijthw;£tta|;.'p8opJgh'.Wn6'.';.sltt.'vQV:'raoli' sports should have been, and shonld still be distinguished above all others, -far thoir sturdy luuepouueueo aua roousi, manliness oi- ona- raoter. . :7,:, A r-i - ; 