THE STORYTELLER. SOPHIE'S FORTUNE. BY M. E: CHAPTEB IV. IN socnrrr. "Pleasantly toiling for pleasure." 3And so Sophie came into her fortune. There was no will found, and in due time all her aunt's large possessions passed into her hands for her own benefit as only next of kiu of the deceased There was no trouble or delay about the matter. Mr. Hyland, indeed, threatened mischief, and his lawyer went so for as to communicate with Mr. Travis and intimate that he would oppose Mrs. Douglas. But there was no shadow of & case, and the matter was not proceeded with. He then set up a claim for £5,000 for services rendered to the deceased lady, and Jack would have been content to give him something, but for a story, told in a confidential moment by old M'Alister, of how Hyland had endeavoured to persuade him to join in a plot to frighten the old lady into making her will in Hyland's favour by .dressing himself up as a ghost and in the character of her deceased husband ordering her to leave the property to Hyland. This so disgusted Jack that he refused to give a penny, and told Hyland to go to the devil, or a lawyer, whichever he chose, for he would get nothing from him. Whereupon Mr. Hyland departed in great dudgeon, nursing his wrath to keep it warm, and waiting for an opportunity to avenge himself. It was a proud day for Jack when Travis handed him his bills, bonds, and liabili ties of all kinds paid off in full. Travis had wanted to compromise with Spl&gett;, declar ing that his demands were exorbitant, but Jack said, " Confound the fellow ; pay him, for heaven's sake, at once, and never let me hear his name again." So Jack breathed freely once more, and walked forth owing no man anything. He left the bank, of course. There was nearly being a hitch though, because, when the pro position was mooted, Jack for the first time realised that the money was Sophie's, and not his, and that he was, in fact, dependent on her. He could not help feeling somewhat glum about this, and showing what he felt; and it was at once obvious to Sophie that the excuses he framed for re maining a bank clerk were really dictated by this feeling. " Now this is perfect nonsense, Jack, and I won't have it Did I ever refuse to receive anything from you ? And if you loved me a little bit at all, you would not refuse to share with me, or feel my fortune a burden. It will be too bad if, after having weathered all the dangers and difficulties of poverty, we get into" troubled waters when we are rich. If you make any fuss about the matter I'll just give the whole of the money to Mr. Hyland, I will; and I wish he had it-I do, I do-if it is going to make you unkind to me, and not my old Jack at all." " But, dear, you see, as long as I earn my own bread " " Now don't be logical. I do so hate you when you are like that If you want to lie a banker, let us set up a bank ourselves, and you can be manager and every thing, but back to that nasty place you shan't go, ort if you do, I'll go with you. Why, how can you look after Florrie and me, and drive us to all those nice places you're going to, if you are kept in by old gruff and grim till five o'clock every day ?" So Jack yielded, and, indeed, his own sense told him that he would have quite enough to do to look after his wife's pro perty, and that he could not be better em ployed. From thatday forward Sophie never Beemed to know that the property was not Jack's, ' and the word "my " never crossed her lips. His fellow-clerks gave Jack a dinner, and he returned the compliment. And, as Smithers remarked, " he saw them, and went a whole pile better." By which we are to understand, no doubt, that Jack's entertain ment was on a lavish scale. Nor was the dinner the only compliment he got He received a letter from the directors praising him for his past conduct, and re gretting the loss of his services. And the manager made him a little speech, in which he announced that he long had had his eye upon him. and noted his industry, ability, and business habits, and had looked forward to the day when he would fill a much higher position in the bank than that in which he had done it such good service." | The manager's wife presently called upon Sophie, and shortly afterwards an invitation to dinner followed. I Sophie could not believe'her ears and eyes when she was taken in to dinner by a dignified, pleasant, kindly, rather talkative old gentleman, who so soon put her at her ease, and with whom she got on so well that before the ladies retired she had confided to him that she had always called him " old gruff and grim." And Jack, too, could hardly believe that the courteous host, who deferen tially listened to his opinion as to the state of tne money-market, and who was so pained to differ from him as to the likelihood of a fall in wool, was the tartar of the " sweat ing-room," the terror of the overdrawn. But this is rather advancing matters. The first care of our young couple was to get a house suitable to their new position. This was a matter of some difficulty. It must be at Toorak or Malvern, and of a size suffi cient for the owner of Kambroona, And houses of this description were not to be found on every bash, so they were fain to putup at the Esplanade till they could find a dwell ing to their mind. Here they tarried so long $hey were beginning to think that they would have to make their permanent home there in the American fashion. They did not altogether lose their time, but proceeded to enjoy their wealth. The best drapers, the most fashionable tailors were glad to minister to them, and Sophie was never tired of adorning little, Florrie in the height ot all the fashions. Nor, did she by any means neglect herself; whilst the charge of shabblnesa WAS not one niftt could any longer be brought against J act. A ue&t; litough&m;, ft pony ~carriage' which Sophie was able to drive heiself, anda couple of riding horses enabled them to get about conveniently on their various house hunting expedition?. Altogether they not be called uncomfortable, but yet they were not sorry when the departure for ;'<ur°PG of a wealthy merchant and his family left " That desirable mansion," kc. (see ndvts.), for sale. The place suited them, and they bought it. , , ^ . s A handsome house in the best part ot Toorak, standing in its extensive, well- Kept grounds, with greenhouses, ferneries, lawn tennis court, and ample stable accommo dation. They would have been much harder to please than they were, if it had not suited them, especially after their experience ot the four-roomed wooden hut Sophie had plenty of taste and plenty of money, and the two combined can work wonders. Celebrated decorators, eminent upholsterers, were called in, and their eflorts, directed by Sophie's taste, gave the house an individuality mostly lacking in similar man sions, which are apt to look somewhat as Jt they were furnished and decorated by con tract and by machinery. . . ' Pictures and books were their principal difficulties; but in time, with care, they managed to suppl.v themselves with a fair, library and some decent (indecent some of them, Sophie thought) pictures. "It is ab solutely necessary now a days to have both I books and pictures," explained Sophie. I " You remember what fun they made when the Joneses had an auction, and there were no books in the house except the children's school books, and no pictures, and no place to hang any." j " But the fun was made by the people that the Joneses didn't ask to dinner, and was pure Bpite." *'The facts were true, nevertheless. You needn't read the books or look at the pic tures, but you must have both, or else con fess yourself an utter Philistine." Jack thought that the Philistines had just as good times as their neighbours, but he was too wise to say anything. Imagine the Douglases, then, fairly settled in their TooraE abode, and prepared to do their duty in tneir new position. Jack was somewhat dubious about their reception by "society," and confided to a friend his misgivings that he would be looked down upon as a nouveau riche. "My dear fellow,'' said the latter, " as regards the general run of Bociety, as long as you are ' riche' you can be as nouveau as you please. I don't include everybody ; there are some quarters where yon will hare to make your way slowly by your merits, and your sudden wealth will be rather against yon. But with the moss of our aristocracy, the blue-blooded bullock-drivers, as long its Kambroona is kept tree from mortgages, and the due num ber ofdrtraers and balls are given from the j profits thereof. no further questions will be j asked, if you don't absolutely eat with your knife, or drink out of your finger-glass. j So Sophie took a " day," the first and I third Wednesday" (Jack had suggested the i "sixth," but was indignantly overruled), and received her neighbours and re turned their visits in due course. The Douglases were wealthy, young, qood lookmg, and in every way presentable, BO they had no difficulty, or no insurmountable difficulty, in making their way into the very best society. Suppose tbem, then, taking part in all the gaieties of the season. Jack's four-in-hand and dog-cart, and Sophie's pony-carriage, all in the most perfect taste, soon being as well known as any vehicles about Melbourne It was shortly alter our young couple's social advent ttia^the Strange's married their daughter, and toc&lebrate; the event gave a ball at the Athenaeum. All Melbourne was there, and, of course, Mr. and Mrs. Douglas were amongstthe invited. " Who is that pretty women with that good-looking fellow just bowing to my mother," asked Jim Strange of a friend. " Don't you know ? I forgot you have just come down from the back blocks. Why, tbof e are the Douglases about whom everybody is talking. He was a fellow in a bank, and got into some nasty scrapes there, I believe, married that girl, girl's aunt wild at the mar ! riage, vowed she would never speak to her any more, buret a bloodvessel in her rage, died, no will, girl, as next of kin, inherited something like half a million besides Kam broona station. J oily place at Toorak-dined there yesterday. Here they come ; I'll in trodnee yon.*' While Sophie went off to waltz with Strange, Jack, who was debarred from danc ing by a slight sprain, was amused for some time by the conversation of his acquaintance, Stnmge's friend, who pointed out to him the various persons of celebrity in the room, about each of whom he had an amusing bit of scandal, true or untrue, to relate. Bat as he soon tired of his companion's somewhat cynical mood, he managed to lose him in the crowd at the first convenient opportunity, and enjoyed himself all the more gazing unrestrainedly on the brilliant scene, and wandered from group to group, exchanging a word or a bow here and there with some of his new acquaintances. As he passed a corner where a group of fern trees afforded some shade from the curious gaze of the passers by he heard a voice, indeed, two voices, that he knew, en gaged in earnest conversation ; be gathered from the tone that Sophie, for she was one of the speakers, was objecting to some thing that ' cousin Jim," for he was the other, was urging with great warmth. As he pushed the fern fronds aside, the pair saw him, rose with some confusion, and advanced towards him. "Here is Jim, just come down, Jack," said Sophie. " How are you, old man ?" said Jim, heartily. " I have jost come down with Strange, we only arrived to-night, he insisted on my coming on here. I had just time to get behind a white tie, and here I am. I saw Sophie looking aoout for you, and took charge of her." " You didn't expect to find me under that seat," said Jack, somewhat tartly, "did you?" But he immediately repented that he had spoken, and greeted Jim warmly enough. As they were talking, the hostess, who was a little distance off, beckoned to Jack, who went across to her, leaving Jim and Sophie for a moment together. ' I must speak to you to-morrow," said the former hurriedly, " and alone." " If you must, come at three o'clock, Jack will be absent then." As > her _ husband just then returned to Sophie, Jim pleaded an engagement for a dance, made an appointment to dine with them next day, and went hastily away. When Sophie, before her departure, murmured something to her hostess about never having enjoyed herself more, I fear she did not speak the exact truth, but had never enjoyed herself less, and was glad to get home, thoroughly worn out with the crowd of emotions th&t; -had overpowered her. Jack, too, was glad to get away, and went home anfery with himself with Sophie, with the whole world, and fearfully unhappy, though without cause, as he confessed to himseli, at Jims return, and at finding him ih Sophie's combaift. as he had done. 