GREAT PORTER SQUARE MYSTERY. CHAPTER XIV.—In which Becky commences a letter to a friend in the country. 'There was no impropriety in what I determined to do, and in what I have done. I must tell you that there is in me . a very determined and earnest spirit, and now that I am actively engaged in this adventure, I find that 1 am . brave and strong and cunning; and a little bird whispers t) me that I shall discover something—God alone knows what—which will be of importance to you. ' Do you think I shall be debarred by fears of ghosts ? I am not frightened of ghosts. ' Now you know how it is I arrived at my resolution. Do not blame mo for it, and do not write to me to give it up. I do not think I could, even if you commanded me.; ' I did not mnke a move till night came. Fortunately, it was a dark night. I watched my opportunity, and when nobody was on the stairs I glided down in my disguise, slipped open the street door, and vanished from the neighbourhood. ' I had never been in Great Porter Square, but it seemed to me as if I must know where it was, and when I thought I was near the Square I went into a greengrocer's shop and inquired. It was quite close, the woman said, just round the corner to the left. ' The Square, my dear, as you know, is a dismal-looking place. There are" very few gas-lamps in it, and the inclosure in the centre, which they call a garden, containing a few melancholy trees and shrubs, does not add to its attractiveness. "When I came to i ig; I crossed the'road and looked up at the windows. They were' quite dark, and there was a bill in one, "To Let." It had a very gloomy appearance, but the other houses were little better off in that respect.. There was not one- which did not seem to indicate that some person was lying deadin it, and that a funeral was going to take place to morrow. . • ' There was a great many rooms to let in Great Porter Square, especially in the houses • near to No. 119 , No. 118 appeared to be almost empty, for, except in the basement windows, there >vas not a light to be seen. I did riot' wonder at it. 'Well, my. dear, my walk round the Square did»not help me much, so what did I do but trot back to the greengrocer's shop. You know the sort of shop. The people sell coals, wood, gingerbeer' and lemonade, the day before -yesterday's bunches of flowers, and the. day before yesterday's cabbages and vegetables. , . ' Didn't you find'it ?' aslied the woman. ' Oh, yes,' I replied, but I didn!tiind what I was looking for; I heard that a servant was wanted in one of the houses, and I have forgotten the number." " ' There's a house in the Square*' said the woman, ' where they want a servant bad j but they can't get one to stop.''; ., . ' ' What's the number ?" I asked. ' No. 118/ the woman answered. ' Next to—but perhaps you dOn't'knpw.' ' Don't know what,?' I inquired. ,. ' That it's next door to the. house where a murder was committed,' she said. 11 ' What is that to me?' I said. 'I didn't do it.' " . The woman, looked at,]me admiringly. ' Well,' she said, ' you've got a nerve 1 And you don't, look;it, neither;/ You look delir eate.' ■ ' Don't you go by looks,' I said; ' I'm stronger than you think.' -vy j; «f s Then I thanked her, and went to No.| i t8j Great Porter Square, and knocked at the door. r {) •. r; i' 