SPORTING NOTES. _ EVENTS TO COME. UI<BNBI<a 'i'onp CLUB. -Match 25, ACCEPTANCES, March 18, STRATIIDOWNIB,-Wednesday, April 1. Nominations, Maroh 0. Accoptnnccs, March 27. OOMTOATNR,-April 15 anil 10, Nominations, Maroh 12, Weights, March 18. Accoptancos, April 2, HAMILTON,-April 22 and 23, Nominations, March 6. Weights, April 14. Accoptancoa, April 18. The following are the Melbourne entries for the Adelaide Cup and G odwood Handi cap Adelaide Cup.-Hobarfc, Waverley, The Assyrian, Don Quixote, Lord Wilton, Ned o' the Hills, Lavington, Ringwood, Too Too, Anglesey, Gohanna, Haaard, Cortolanus, Reginald, Plausible, Quality, Kingship, Commotion, Athenian, Blink Bonny, Sheet Anchor, Buckingham, Unoaa, Favo, Lord Exeter, Prometheus, Sardius, Weloomo Jack, Helene, Silver King, Guesswork, Oonjooture, OffCplor,Napier, vergy,Stornaway, Aooly te, Ohuokator, Hurricane, King of tho Gipsies, Siroooo, Tho Agent, Oountry Boy, Britisher, David, Oamerlne, The Broker, Precious Stone, Anchorite, Grace Darling, Qoroneb, Hilltop, Madoap, and Mlddlemaroh, Goodwood Handicap, -The Agent, Country Boy, St, John, Middlomareh, Madcap, Motal, The Ghost, Nunoio, Dirk Hatteraiok, Pre cious Stone, Anohorito, Coronet, Britisher, Spero, Waverley, Warfield, Don Quixote^ Lord Wilton, Ned o' the Hills, Lavington, Miles, Ringwood, TooToo,PaiUoro, limber to, Marie Louise, Hazard, Reginald, Plausible, Siroooo, King of the Gipsies, Hurrioano, GipBy'a Warning, Berkeley, Ohuokster, Duenna, St. Lawrence, Carbuncle, Vergy, Napier, Guesswork, Alphabet, Sir Garnet, Helene, Welcome Jaok, Sardius, Topaz, Claptrap, Ironmaster, Prometheus, Ellington, Lord Exeter, Favo, Unoas, Buckingham, Sheet Anchor, Blink Bonnie, Kingship, An unpleasant scone occurred at Fleming ton on Saturday at the finish of tho race for the Ascot Valo Stakos, Monto Cbristo, ridden by Hales, started a warm favorito, but he wa9 beaten by his Btablo companion Uralla, whereat ho was hooted by tho orowd on the hill, Both the owner and trainer of Monte Ghriato were muob disgusted at tho treatment Hales received. After weighing in the ocounants of the paddock oheered him. The Melbourne World is responsible for the statement that W. A. Wood, an Adelaide bookmaker, was warned off the Flomiagton raoecourse on Saturday afternoon for being a defaulter. Town Moor's prowess has already reaohed the eara of Mr, Barnard, the V.R.C.'a han> dioapper, for in the Colao Handioap, he ia treated to top weight, visi,, Ost. Sib., and in the Half-mile Handioap to Oat. 71b. Perov M'Dounell haa resigned bis position in the Viotorian Eduoation Department and accepted an appointment in the Australian Joint Stock Bank, Sydney. At the Ballygango (India) Steepleoliaae meeting, the Australian oheanut gelding lied Rover won the Trial Chase Cup, beating aeven others. The Ballygango Cup was won by the Australian mare Rebecca, and the Australian Zulu won the Amateur Welter Raoe. On the second day Tambourine, lOst. 81b., boat Red Rover, list, 71b., and others in the Suburban Cup. The greatest trotting match of all time ia recorded in the New Work Spirit of the Times, For soma time Maud S. haa been the aoknow ledged queen of the trotting traok, and the only one likely to beat her reoord was Jay Eye See, who waa regarded as invinoibla by his owner, Mr. Case, The latter sought an interview with Mr. W. H. Vanderbilt at Saratoga, and offered to trot the gelding againBt the mare for any amount, urging that the lattor could not hold the championship of Amerioa unless ready to defend it, Stung by the remarkB, andj>robably believing that Case would not agree' to make a matoh for a big stake, the millionaire replied that he would trot Maud S. against Jay Eye See for 500,000 dollars, When it bocomo known that the match had been made the exoite ment became intense, and on the eventful day an immense conoourse assembled to wit ness the struggle. As usual, W. Bair drove Maud S., and Bither the little gelding. In tho first heat Jay Eye See drow the pole, but Maud S. led him a length to the quarter in S3 seconds, and she was half a length in front at the half mile, which was trotted in lm, 5s, Jay Eye See struggled to catch tho maro in tho homo atrouglh, but sho waa equal to tho ocoasion, and passed undor tho wire a neok in front of him itimo, 2m, 13s, In the seoond heat Jay Eye Sua broko badly, and Maud S, drow out a dozen longtha, and Bither, seeing he had no show, eased up tho gelding just to Bavo hia distance, the maro jogging under thowire in 2m. 18seo. Tho third hoat waa tbo greatest over trotted by two horses in a matoh. They racod nook and neok to tho half-mile in lm. 3s, The paoo that Maud S. went to tho half in tho previous heat, with her efforts to hold tho polo, begnn to toll, and Jay Eyo See made a strong effort for the lead, which he obtained at tho threo- quartor, and amid intense ox oitomont ho led by half a length into tho homo etrotoh. Now oamo tho tusslo for Bupremaoy, Gamoly answoring her driver's oall, Maud S. began to oloso up, and half way down sho was level, but sho oould not improve her position, and " dead hoat " was tho proclamation of tho judge ; timo, 2m, 10s, Indescribable scenes followed, and when they oamo out for tho fourth hoat tho betting was B to 2 on tho maro, and sho won by a neok in 2m. 124s. Mr. T. Ferguson, tho well-known Hamilton trainer, who ia now looated at Flomington, met with a nasty accident a short time ago through a young horso kicking him in the face, Ho haa now noarly recovered from tho injury. The Molbourno Criokot Club are about ereoting a stand on tho site of tho one re cently burnt down, whioh is estimated to cost £12,000. It will seat over 2,000 people. Tho sale of Mr. J. J. Millor'a trotters waa only modorately successful, small prioea being the rule. The imported airoa Honosty and ContrAotor wore passed in, Messrs. \V. O. Yulllu and Co, offered for salo, at Tattorsall's Llovdo Bazaar, tho entire string belonging to Mr. Morris Jacobs. There waa a very largo altendanco ; but the bid* ding only wont slowly, some ,lota being passed in, }ncluaivo of Sunny Days, Muscat, and Hilltop. JPorlorn apd Rpy<*l jrishfflap yforo also submitted on accopnt of other owners, but wore withdrawn, The following were tho sales Mctftl, bay colt, 8 yre,, by Tubal Cain-Stook-^U'n°^' roso, Mr, E. Weeks ,, 175 Doml Qr, cjipanut, cplt 4 yra" by King of tho lllnff-Deviuo, Mr. b. Weeks ,, ,; jgn Ned 0' tho mils, chcsnut colt, 4 yrs,, by Pride of tho Hills-Euterpe, Mr, A, Davis ,, ,, kqq Dutchman, black liorao, Gyre,, by Honestish -Eutcrpo, Mr. II. Chlfney ., ., .. iifi Lady Claudia, chcsnut flllv, 2 yrs,, by Tho Drummer-Camilla, Mr, E, Weoks ,, ,, 800 Ilartiiipton, chcsnut colt, 2 yrs,, by Tho Englishman-Ithaca, Mr, II, Cliifnoy ,, 75 Attho Nhill meeeting Reprobate won the Fly}ng Handicap for Mr. O. Watson and nw third for the principal b^djeap, whioh waa won by Gambler, Malua pullod up BO lame after his defeat by Commotion in tho Essendon 8iakeB that it ia hardly liitely ho will over be aeon on a racecourse again, Mr. II, C. Ohittleboroughsustained a com. pound frftoturo of the first joint of tbo second finger of tho right hand wliilst nttemping to stop a cricket ball on tho Adelaide Oval on Saturday afternoi n. Middlemaroh ran very creditably for tho Newmarket under tho weight, and the Bal' larat patty did not make much of a mistake about Sheet Anchor, Tho form displayed by Sir Qamet, backed aB be wos for BO largo a stake, was nevertheless what was anticipated by most people except the Adelaide division, dosplto tho fact of his having rtono a trial in lin, 17^9. Prometheus was anothor favorite that uomes in much the same category. It is really inexplicable that Mr. Whittingham'a horse should run the sis furlongs oq the sand track at Plemington in tho good time of lm. 18a., and yet finish nowhere in tho actual raco, The long lunoof bad luck aeoms never likely to havo a turn in conception with the black and gold jacket, In accordance with the traditions of the V.U.O, Bt, Leger Stakes, the fluid was limited, During 20 yeftia tho largest number of start ni3 hits bonn a field of seven, whan in the >ear 1870, Dosworth won ; and on Ave occa sions tha St. Leger has boon reduced to a match. But tho small fluid* have included a great deal of equino merit, as tho appear unco in the list of winners of euuh names as Augler, Fishook, Fireworks, Melbourne, Kiohmond, First King, Qrand Flaneur, Commotion, Navigator, and Martini-Henry indicate. On this occasion David, Mozart, Sllvor King, and Tremando wero the com petitors, There was nothing in tha appear? anco of tho horses as a guide to baokora, for all four looked well. Silver King, a big wlry-looldug colt, was pulling Mooro out of tha saddle In his preliminary gallop, and the early baokors of the son of Fiiet King Were not inolined to hedge. David was re ported as being very well, and Moaart needed not oredontiala in that respect, his appearance being a sufficient guarantee of fitness, Tho four did little more than canter down to tho mnitiriK plaoe, and wore then Igt yo simultaneously, but sot soon ongiitfh to tnako anything like respectable time, Sliver King won as expected j and the only raoing was between David and Mozart for second place, This honour full to the little OtippBlander by a neck. The time was the slowest by some seconds recorded during the last 11 years, The Argus thus discourses on the competi tors in the Newmarket Handicap;-" There was no alteration in the field, the 80 horses on the oard all saddling up. They oame out la a oluster, and there was only time to get a glimpse at a few of tho favorites before they gravitated down to the starting point under the hill, Leporello, whose price had shortened a good deal, looked big enoug and bright ouough to carry hia light weight to victory, Prometheus had a very consider' able levee under the lower ehuds while the bandages were being taken from hia legs, Naturally ol a strong build ho had the appear* anoe of a horse ready for the show ring vather than the racfloourao, and the Impresalon naturally oonveyed to ordinary oyea that the horaa was aoarctly flno enough turned many against him, The same oommonta applied also to Welcome Jack, the top weight In the list. Tho interesting stranger, Maecotto, was oloaely inspected, and out on the oourse with the light coBtume of the JooUoy har monising so well with her own gtey coat, she was an equine picture. Blink Bonny was bright enough to repeat the Caulfield coup d'Jtat, while tho fretful chesnut Chologsby and the dark Town Moor were both anxious to gallop. Sir Gurnet's coqt glistened like the canary jaoket of bis lider, and tho horse was musoular enough to race, but an attributed predilection for swerving in a field of horses was urged against his chance. Sheet Anchor's handsome appearance was also the subject of favorable comment, Tboae who favour coincidences might havo noticed that Coronet, like Maiua, the winner last year, was the Inst to appear on tho course, Tho animal waa so restless that he had to be led to tho starting post, whilo the others waited for him, liko cavalry in line, for the word to charge. It was thoroughly an Intercolonial race, for the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, Tasmania, South Australia, and Queensland, had all representatives. Several of tho horses wcro so eager to go that they broko away twica before permission waa given. When tho flag foil the line was broken by a couplo of laggards only, viz., Velocipede and Mistake, who lost a lot of ground, and never recovered it, The race, though brief, waa decidedly attraotivo. Half way up the straight the line was uneven yet unbroken, but just below the carriage paddook the bril liant roBe Jacket and cap that bo plainly marked Craokntll on the favorite streamed right aoroas to the further side of the oourae and seemed to oarry a dozen other jackets with it, When, after this sido exoureiou, Coronet was seen atill in the van, the race was over, for the horeo hold his position, and won by threo quaTtere of a length from Mid* dlemarch, one of tho outside division. The TaBmanians made a very imposing show in tho race, the winnor being bred on the island, while Sheet Anchor, who ran third, and Blink Bonny seventh, are both from the same quarter. The winner aa well aa the third horse, Sheet Anchor, are by 8t, AlbanB, whoae Btook have recently gained rnaDy vic tories, The time was the slowest yet recorded for the race, The owners and baokeru of Coronet, as well as tho general publio, are heavy winners over tho result, The horse, moreover, waa backed for the double event, 7 to 1 having been wanted against him for the Australian Cup on Saturday night." Tho splendid viotory of Coronet in the Newmarket Handicap on Saturday will not fade from the memories of turfites for a long time to come. There was no fluke In the performance, and tho only element of luck-? a very important one, by.the-bye-Is theoir cumstance that a five year old of soak pro nounced quality and breeding should nave been literally thrown into tho handicap with the light impost of 7at. No fault, however, waa It of Mr. Barnard's that Coronet waa let off so lightly, Inaamuoh as when ho framed tho handicap thero wasnotblngi^tlie previous record of tho horse to rank him above the status of a common plater. Tho only occa sion, in faot, on which Coronet gained a winning brnokot was last year, whon he won a Maiden Plate, of 16 sovs,, in Tasmania, aa the property of the Hon, ThoB, Reibey, Wo are all very wise after the event, and there fore this part of tho controversy may be dis missed. Coronet, it will bo remembered, j was purchased by Mr, D, M, Robertson before the last V.R.C, spring meeting, along with Anoorlte, both being then over from Tasmania, From then the party laid thorn selves out for a big thing ; and aa Mi, J, D. Robertson, we beliovo, had the principal share of the management of tho whole preparatory buainesB, it ia cortainly another of the many testimonies to his perseverance and escollont judgment of a good horse. Coronet ran at | tho last Geelong meeting, where ho displayed a great turn of speed in the Cup, and waa done with a quarter of a mile from home, and finished fourth, Ab a son of St, Albona, hia great feat on Saturday ia another addition to tho long roll of winners of im portant raoea in the colonies to bo oredited to that siro, Tho party behind Coronet throw in for tho big atako of £48,000, tho working of tho commission for which was cleverly executed in three or four handB, ouo well-known Melbourne agent being respon sible for over £10,000, Vory little of the total waa hedged, and if added to the sub* Blqntial sums taken by tho publio during the week and at tho post, It will be easily seen that tho ring will have to pay pretty heavily to- day. Coronet's weight in the Australian Cup, inclusive of his 81b, penalty, is only G&t.; lllb, Aa he waa freely baoked for tho double event, there will bo splendid hedging afforded, Muoh of the credit of Coronet's success is due to the jookeyship of Cracknel), whfl gave yet another p^hiftition of his dashing finishes. Ho also won tho Nov?market Handicap ou Tyropeau, two years ago. Tho charge of conspiracy preferred agaiuat Megsra, Rogors and Lamerso, in couneotion with Iho Buapieious running of Tiohborno at tho lato Tasmanian races, has fallen through, and endod in tho accused being discharged, no evidence boing offered agaist thorn, It is stated that Rogers ia about to proooed to Mexico, Notwithstanding the discharge of tho men, the stewards of the Tasmanian Raoing Club stato that they see no reasou to alter the decision arrived at by thorn, The Soutli-Eastorn horses nominated at Onkaparinga havo been "peppered" by the handio&ppor.; In the ^rdleraoe Smuggler and Banker have been allotted list, eaoh, and, singular to suy, Brigand, who is at the top of the list with list, 41bs,, is also South Eastern bred, In tho Stoeplcohaso Banker is Beoond top weight with list,, Smuggler roooiving 21bs, Idea, and Swordfish 10at. 61bs. Another sire of note haa joiuod tho rnajo. rity, Conrad having died iu Tasmania. 