FOB A DAY AFTER THE CUP DAY BY " PEUTETRE." [Cup Day thoughts, and thoughts far some day after'—Cup Day at' Corinth 6'0'tne go'o'ff few years ago, and who dfraok'of it—The mytbblogioal Ch'ur&heB; of Jupiter, and Neptune, and Mars, and 150 others, and the danger of telling them what they didn't libe to hear —No dispute without denial—The infallible article of the ApoEHes' Creed—Why Di; Thornton didn't go to Q-Ieuooe for' a sample of Orange infallibility— Again— What is impliad by the postman's knock.] Hws Derbsfi the favourite, the winner, the mysteries of the Stable, the "dark" horse, the diplomatics of the "-bookmakers," the general- estimate and'prospeots: of the Field, but, above all and 1 before, Grandstand and the ddzzle oftKe ladies' dress**, and' tKfe far more' dazzling' dftzzle of the wearers' dazZtingeyes; 1 otrt-dfazKied only by the glintand glitter of-the carriage lamps ; and then Tke Cup, abdita tips, and its oracular hints; and its-weather prophetios, and its deep undercurrent of hedging calculations, and jockey skill,.. and - girth and- saddle mancsuyring; and the ten thousand watchers massed upon " the . Hill," and the ten thousand more upon " the', flat," straining their opera glasses' to ate the " start" and folldw' this' Struggle, and' the finish, and then the' aOSlaiming cheers which reward the victorious horse for his achievement— ali these; and all the other exciting accompaniments which engage and agitate thy sport-loving mind during, the annual racing tournament on Flemington course, will have so engrossed thee, O gracious and gentla reader, and still so absorb thy bitter thoughts, that any oilier topic will' be as stale small-beer to thy jneritsf'taste, and'consequently come ato e reHef and a^efMsVm6ritl faculties. Therefore I prfeent thee with one page more' of s tale wh'ioh' has supplied hundreds of nations for' many hundreds of years past with ,themes and' thoughts, and fierce joys and ferocious gladness, and with all the pleasures of murder, massacre, torture, oarnage, and other sucH pastimes more exhilarating to the heart than the most neck and neck race ever run on. our Isthmian hippodrome!. The Corinthians of old bad their horsef-rac'ing games, but when St. Peter catfae tb tbern, and when St 1 . Paul followed, and the rioquent Apollos-saooeefltd the Bpofltleg, the pe'ople- of Corinth found' a new amusement. Peter, and Paul, and Apollos had come" with a new creed. The new crped declared- that there was pnly one true Gk)d; and that .Jupiter,, and .Mars, and Pluto, and Neptiine, and Pan were not dds, hiit'eVil' spirit's or' fan'biful deities, So'w, the Corinthians h8d' ereot»'(F splendid teiiiples in' hofio'ai 1 ofJupitef", and'Nisptiiiie, and t'^ or tbr^fi- hrundrefd other false'or imaginary go'de; and wbrshipped' these false or imaginary beings with-a gorgeous ritual, and with grand altars of the whitest Parian marble, snd-with-dfrily-saorifioes offered by a large array of riohly robed priests. The Corinthians, aa a" people, honestly believed ia Jupiter and Saturn and Vuloan, and in their numerous other gods, and they did not Iti thd first itigtiaube feel it W be tfaeir duty to pull down thcstiftues of Jupiter and Venus Iron their pedestals and temples. Oa the contrary, tbeObrinthians turned upon the discipler of the now- creed; and made vfery B iort work- with the'm. They knockfed them oi theheid, threw them alive to the timers B id lions in the mehageries, and sank them sacks in the Eubean and Saronic gulfs. 3jV was a.,yery-dangerous piece of news to tell the Corinthians at: that time that their lji'O gods vierb rife gUgbdB at all, but only 160 yitlities' arid' delusion's and deceits' and abbminalioSft. The iiifoyinatititt exasperated Coritfttrisiis quite aB much as- it' exasperates all Protectant seots now to tell them that therb'is but' one true Church of God on earth—hiB Catholio and' Apostolic Church—and that they should. all he in visible union with this Churoh, and that their "Churches" are no Churches,but only Beots, or bodies out off by their own hands aiid knives from the one true Catholic Ohtiroh; Catholii, because she Was for bring lng together in one body and one fiaith all nation!; Apostolic, because she waspiahted by' the • apostles,- and by them instructed' in the Apostolic oreedv and; has never sinoe in anyreSpeat'deviated or departed from their doctrine,: worship; or government. Htiw THE ATOtfrOilO DoottBIKft - AND DlSCJI- PIIHB HAVE 1 BEEN PBBgE£tV£l). The cbristiiti' Failh firstrevealed to Adatn. He r disbelieved; and fellftom gtaoe. The Faith never ubt'eirly failed, and waekept aliveby the Jbwieh dispeneettion Until Christ came. ' Out Lord made & full revelation of All divine truth whiph iwas ever to be made in thi^.world. Hoyrwastbc tnpwledge of this faith to he kept alive ? It was tb be kept fllive only in one ^aV, and'Oiir Lord provided the Way 1 , if Christ' had" nbt pro- Vdfed'the w/ayth'fe ktidwledge oftfis truth, as i vfealea bjrHim; would have been lost,-and mankind would have fallen Into' a' worse atheism than that of Polytheism. The worship of false gods, of many gods, does not appear to have ever threatened the world with such a deluge of disastrous immorality that with which modem atheism threatens It, for modern atheism threatens the human race with the total extinction of all religious belief, all religious worship, and the complete banishment of the name of God from' the memory of man, and a reign of' Lucifer, of Satan, of the' devil instead, The faith or Christian Creed, attested by miraculous powers,' made rapid 'strides among the nations in the first three centuries. Pagan persecution hindered it not. Then oame Heresy. Heresy was the choosing of a faith for oneself. St. Paul told the Christians how to deal with heretics. The apostle commanded' them npt' to eat bread with a heretic. He' told them' [Galatians] further, that He had grounded them in the dootrines of Christ, as stated in the Apostles' Creed, that "if an angel from heaven came to them" with anything over or above what was in that Creed, they were to hold that angel as a traitor to God, and to the truth, and St. John commands the Christians of Asia Minor not to admit a heretic into their houses. The reason is evident. The heretio of today might reject one doctrine. The heretic of to- morrow might reject another doctrine, and so on until the whole Creed was denied, and' then there would be no- basis for Christian morality, and all human -passions would be released from the restraints of moral law, and the empire of sin exclude the Kingdom of God from the earth. The paramount object,- then, was to guard the Faith from mistakes of every sort: to guard it from alteration either in the ideal inward apprehension, or in the verbal and exterior expression. " Hold fast the form of sound words," the Creed, was St. Paul's constant and earnest exhortation to ali the faithful. If the wordB were ohanged, the meaning or sense would be ohanged, and the true faith thereby lost. No DISPUTES on some doctrines of the Creed took plaoe for 200 or 300 years. Then Arius sought to alter the true meaning of the Apostles' Creed, and was infallibly rebuked and condemned by the Pope in Council. No one questioned the dignity or Mary as M-other of God until Nestorius, and then the Pope in Council, rebuked and censured Nestor. As each; heretio arose, the Pope in Council explained the doctrine denied, and passed sentence on the pervgrter. Some heretics said the Apostles' Creed taught that "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost " were three Gods. The Pope in Council. said—No, they are not' three Gods, but three personalities or powers in the One Creator God. Some persons said that all Christians • who went back to paganism should, if they ever repented, be baptised over again. The Pope in Counoil said—No, baptism must not be repeated ; the lapsers must only do penance; Christ only allowed baptism to be given onoe, and there is only "one baptism for the forgiveness of sins." Some persons chose to thiuk, contrary to the Apostles' Creed, that there was no MIDDLE STATB, place of purgatorial Banctification for souls after death, and before they can enter heaven. The Pope in Counoil said—"There is an intermediate state. The apostles believed in it, Christ w.ent down into it: He proclaimed release to the souls detained in it. It is an' article of the Christian faith laid down in the Apostles' Creed. Finally, after every article of the Apostles' Creed had been doubted and distorted from its right and divine meaning, Luther chose to say the Pope is not infallible. Luther's heresy, Luther's new, and therefore false, opinion proves what was the belief of the Church up to hia time. He contradicted the dootrine, and thus proved that it then existed, and the ApoBtles' Creed proves that it was the dootrine and belief of the holy apostles, and, therefore, that they had it froin Christ. THE ABMCLB OF THE INFAIILIBILITY. Among the gospel truths which Christ sent bis apostle's to teach all nations was that of an Infallible Church, and the apostles taught that dootrine to all nations in the following words:—" I believe in the holy Catholio Church ;" and no true Christians could imagine that any other sort of Church oould be established by a Saviour who was God. It was in the eternal fitness of things that the institution whioh was to speak to all nations as the oracle of God should not speak dubiously or hesitatingly, or with a donble tongue, or in sucha niahner as to be mistaken about the way of salvation. The apostleB, when holding their Synod at Jerusalem, assumed their own infallibility. They spoke in the name of God, the Holy Ghost. If they did not so speak they lied, and sent forth a forged and false deoree, and thus began officially to speak lies in God's name. Did they do^so ? The very nature of the oase demanded that they should speak with an infallible knowledjge of "all the things whioh Christ commanded" them tb teach. The question then rises, When did the infallibility oonferred by Christ go and depart from that Church ? The ahsWer' is— that He never departed'-from it, for the promise of the Holy Ghost was to the end of thef world. Many councils were held from A S. 46 to A.D. 300, and they assumed that the promise of the Holy Ghost was for ever. The Council of Nicea, A.D. 325, presided over by the Pope by his', legates, assumed that the promise of the Holy Ghost was to be in forge for all days uiito the end of the world, and had, therefore, no doubt at all of its own infallibility when it' condemned Arius for altering the dootrine of' the Apostles' Cfeed. All the nineteen general councils; from A.D. 326 down to THE VATICAN COUNOU. of, A,D. 1870, assumed that the promise of Christ seoured to Christ's Qhuroh the perpetual presence of the Holy Ghost;, aM''uU these; Councils spoke in His name with an unhesitating confidence. For the Church, in her' terrible conflict against the intellectual pride of some of her own self-willed sons, and the ceaseless machinations of Lucifer the fallen could never hold out against, these enemies without the guiding light and grace of the Holy Ghost. TUls gttldtffi&T; Wwi for •ii mo ever. JLLUIV utnust. AUIH guuianue was Wdfea. for' ettftj aua THE DOCTRINE. How the infallibility is applied, and in whom is it vesfed, is the simple problem ovie'r which Protestant bishops lose their saVeh senses and their scholarship. It iri vain to tell them what the doctrine is, for they don't wish to know anything,about it. The very simplicity of the' thing" seetaS to bewilder them. Why should anyone who oan write their own name boggle at it? When the Pope addresses the whole body of the faithful on' an/ 1 point of Christian doctrine' ot of' Christian morals, his utterances are infallible. For the life of them; our two Protestant bishops 7 can't understand this very small sum in Catholio arithmetic. Dr. Thornton' completely lost his poor wits at the eight of it, and fanoied that the MASSACBE OF ST. BABIRHOIIEATEW'B DAY in Paris; 313 y^a'rs &gOj; was juSt an iriat&fibe; to which' the infallibility applied. But what article of the Christian faith-was denied' by the massacre. No article. Or what point of Christian doctrine- was denied by those etigaged in .the brutal atrocity. No point. It was not hfereey. Neither was it a preaohing up of any immorality like as Luther preached whenTie' taught that a' king might have two. wives at one and the...same time. Dr. Thornton must' go to schbol' again, and' learn to know what h6 is going to talk-about before he opens his mouth. Obrist sent' His apostles to teaoh the nations the true Christian Faith acid the true Christian 1 Morals, and some heretio must arise and attack the faith and inculcate a contempt' for and a violation of some one or more of THE TEN COMMANDMENTS before the papal prerogative can act. In the Bartholemew massacre no one attacked' any article of the Apostles' Creed,- and- no one said that murder was a virtuous deed. The whole world understood that the massaore was no attaok on any Christian doctrine, nor any mission in favour of robbery, or of adultery, or of assa'esihatiohl It was an open, enormous crime, of rfhich everyone understood the iniquity wiffib'ut' any papal ghost to appear and u'nfdld its baseness and inhumanity. It was a political stratagem. It was a political devioe. It was a Cabinet measure, with a wholly political purpose. It was no attempt to overthrow religion, or to destroy Christian faith, or to reverse the oode of Christian morals. The king, or the dowager queen regent, or the Frenoh Ministry, or some member of the Privy Counoil contrived and oarried out tie massacre of St. Bartholemew. Someone oi other of these wad responsible for the sudden blow at the Huguenot party, but the Pope had no more right to interfere than the Protestant Archbishop of Canterbury had tb pronounoe an official censure on King William III. [Orange William] of England for the still more inexcusable MASSAOBE OF GLENOOE. Dr. Thornton would write very false and very perfidious history if he attributed any blame, to the Pope in' connection with the horrors of the night of 24th August, 1572; of which he knew nothing only what be learned from the letter of the-King 1 of France [Gharles- IX ] written to th'e Sovereign Pontiff two days [or three] affer the event. Dr. Thornton very foolishly and ludicrously mistakes the whole question, but we Catholics put up with his misrepresentations because he is the victim of a bigot and malicious education. AGAIN, every pagan converted by St. Peter or St'. Paul, or any other apostle of Christ', was taught' the Apostles' Creed, and' in this Symbol or epitome of all gospel truth the agan convent had a manual of all Christian dootrine, Christian worship, and Church iscipline. For every pagan was taught tb ay, "I believe in the Holy Catholic Church." f this Church it was the pagan's duty and elight to attend its solemn offices, or orship of God. Could there be a "Church" ithout solemn Offices. I think there oould ot. The Scriptures of the New Testament incidentally refer to these offiees. St. Paul strenuously exhorts the Christians to be regular in their attendance" at Church." What for? To adore God. This exhortation and the epistle of St. James clearly pfove that there was an established form of worship, and St. Paul [Corinthians] severely reprimanded, certain Christians who attempted to introduce hymns and chants of their own into the" ritual service which had been established' by an apostolic decree. " I b'elieve ii the holy Catholic Churoh." Could the pagan con;- verts believe in what didn't exist.. Could they believe in an abstraction., ( No, they believed in a real, living, pra^iifl, sacrificing, teaching Ctiirch. What is a Church P It iB a Society. What is*aSiciety? If is ah organised body or association!. The very name of it implies rules, forms, laws, privileges, benefits,' duties, and penalties, such as fines, suspensions, expulbions. Are not all these intbe very natareland constitution of a society. Is there a *ooiety without a presidents head. Is, th«e " mating without a- chairman. The Anglican Pro teS the^orrOatlioJc Ch«ch is, that it is an immense army,, formed into regxments, eaot With" ifc owii colonel and officers, HILT'LIO . /L-WM. Cbjatisnsfe-nf-CfiiSF. t S / o o n J S - i b ^ i ^ give unity defeated 1 All societies ha-wa^iead. Who s ^ d o f ^ to believb in bis , F . pagan u • couldn't Bee; how oould : he ^t'into it not our Lord say that His Churoh Dij be BB a city set upon a till" R was ... to city oh a hill was, of course, for tw n J? * of hiding' it, and to throAhS S ^ 8 6 doubt concerning its- identity 2lT,. lot » agate,* cities are left to manatfe^Taffairs, and have no cityeounoilnt!u 0Wl1 or lord mayors to regulate and coffin preserve peace; nod restrain the ™?, 011 T b r Tih " " Uit *> and » « 0? and subordination, and good *ov«J? y everywhere, except in Godrs'CK&oh; W there should not be, and never shall bV i or order, or law, or power, or authoriW bond of unity, or recognised head J„„V or savs a Protestant' bishop, it is'beS?' dispense wifti law and order an everything doubtful, than to haJ infallible Pope. The Scriptures do not wH anything rabout a-Pope. Ah, do they no? 1 IMPLIED. This morning, O gracious and gentle reader the Postman brought me a letter from Lon don. Do you consider all that , this bit of news implies. Did the poBtm'an kindly »„ all the way to Londibh and bring my letter ? Only someone, who was tcte townie could think so. The mfetftion of the "postman" implies [and proves] a hundred things. It implies that we have a costly arid elaborate postal system—a fine edifice oalled a " Gene, ral Post-office," a Postmaster-General and a large suite of assistants—a steam navigation postal fleet which oonveys our letters from Southampton vid Suez across the ooean It implies, further, that there is a grM{ postal system established in London which collects our letters, packs them in bags and boxes, and sends them on board our steamers The' Imnllnn implies nUnl.n.j.. p'ostage stanm .1.1 ' envelopes, personB in London who oan write and who know me and send ms- letters, which are dielivered here by an offioer in a red coat. All this-and muoh more , is implied in the word. , u postman." Well, the word " Church" implies belief, not in any petty man-made, national Chnrcb or in. any number of dissevered and discordant " Churohes," 'but in One grand, alt embracing, univers&l;' Church of Which Ohrist Himself give tiie plan to His apoBtlo--, and sent thetti in all the plenitude of His divine authority to' plant it among all nations,- teaching everywhere "the same thing," administering everywhere the same sacraments, pro6laimin ^everywhere the same doctrines, using everywhere the same form of worship; binding all Christians together in one aooordant body by one uniform mode of government. Of this One, universal Churoh our Lord nominated Peter as chief pastor, vesting in him— as the Scrip, ture's show—an infallible grace and gift by which Christian faith and Christian morals might be preserved pure to the end of the world. 1 Nov. 3, 1885. 