"ALCOHOLIC" CHURCHKS-THEIR SIN AND GUILT. [To the Editor of the Adiertistr.) Sir,-Tho English are preeminently n religious nation. From tho commencement of the present contury, alcoholic? anil the good creatures of God wero regarded as identical. And so universal was the belief that it w<*uld not be easy to find any record counted worthy of notice, challenging the truthfulness of such belief. Henco in a matter of courso way, it came to form purt of tho recognised creeds of all churches of religion. Thus alcoholics so being called " creatures of God," wero re ceived with gratitude with giving God thanks according to 1st Timothy, '1th chapter, 4th and 5th verses. Soalcoholism, thus identified with religious sentimont, suggested and leavened all tho legisla tive enactments placed amongst England's statute laws. In this way drink, politics and the churches became united in the oneness of sympathy-the religious spirit leavening tho laws, and the laws receiving the Imprimatur and seal of the Catholic Church. In this position alcoholism, in which I include manufacture, sale, and use, as n principle of religious morality stood, say fifty years ago. But from then to now gradually bibleology, chemistry, physiology, pathology, and toxology have so dispelled tho mists of ignorance touching alcoholism, that now in 1SS5 the meri dian light of compound truth so proclaims to all that alcoholism which in honest anil sincere igno rance had so long been believed in and lived out as a principle of "religious morality," is indisput ably a " work of darkness," a principle of "irre ligious immorality." So that the ignorance can no more bo pleaded, and tho responsibility of know ledge can no longer bo evaded (see Acts, 17, 30.) Now, as having thus far statid the truth, it can easily be Been wherein tho religion of the churches havo from the first supplied the religious authority of sanction of all laws connected with the drink traffic. And it is this sanction which, though perhaps out of tight, is tho base or_ foundation upon wl ich all existing drink laws stand. But happily now, the last fifty years' teachings of truth havo so weakened and broken uj>tl o old religious morality foundation, and placed in its stead tho true foun dation of irreligious immorality, as to set religion ists and. moralists of every shade at loggerheads, that in Victoria, ia August, ISSo, tho Ministry of tho day in introduc:ng a bill strictly for curbing the now really monstrous and unbearable im moralities of the drink traffic, lind themselves in tho m'-dst of such a Babel of conflicting opinions and confusing, confounding and venomous tongues, that they seem hardly to know whether they stand on their head or on til ir heels; and it may be, are sadly puzzled as to what to do with the political child of their recent adoption. Can the religion of merciful pity aid thom ? Who is of even common humanity, and will withhold it? And it was surely the spirit of this kind of pity which prompted tho letter printed in your pages on tho 1st of Augiirt, hoaded " Co-operation in drink reform illustrated." Now, sir, in my mind tho applicatory teachings of this letter may pro perly take tho form of proposition thus-1. That the churches from the first gave weight and sanc tion to all England's drink laws. 2. That the churches have endorsed such laws as being of God, and have sealed them as with bible sanction. 3\. That the churches (though in ignorance) origi nated the doctrine of tho sinlessue;B of alcoholism, and the ssintship of aleoholists, and of their auty, and privilege and right to commemorato Christ's death in alcholic wine. -1. That the days of the darkness of ignorance upon the subject havo long sinco past, and tho days of the light of knowledge now shino with tho clearness of tho sun at mid day. 5. That tho spirit and letter of the Bible says that the sin in'd tho guilt of tho churches is by God in Christ and the Holy Ghost, by the Divine word, now distinctly chargoablo upon all alcoholic churches described in proposition Nos. 3.6. That as stated in my letter published in your pages on tho 1st of August, headed " Mr. Ilobinson, in reply to Inquirer;" tho Lord Jesus Christ in His now any day coming, according to 1st Thcssa lonians, chapters 4 and 5, will charge . hnme the guilt unto tho separating from all alcdiolic churches, and gathering from the outside world all His sober saints, not drinkers of intoxicants, as those appointed to obtain salvation, and Ho will leave all mero professing church members and professing Christians, who aro drunken, or drinkora of intoxicants, and unwatchful, w'lio sleep as in the night of spiritual darkness-as appointed into wrath and exposed to sudden destruction, and who oven yet as in carnal security boastfully say, "peace and safety!" 7. That the alcoholic churches in the face of tho statemensts of this letter,_ and of tho preceding six propositions, as tho originators and upholders of alcoholism, and as responsible for all tho evils resulting from alcoholic drink. Should they still dccide to remain alcoholic churches, such decision demands ot loyalty to God, to Jesus Christ, to the Divine Spirit, to the glorious Gospel, to tho true church, and to a perishing world, joint prayer and effort to tho end of tho wreck and annihilation of both alcoholism and alcoholic churches. 8. That though tho subj -ct of alcoholism, as in con nection with tho churches, as of lato and heroin dealt with, must naturally stir in aleoholists the strongest possible feelings of antagouism, yet tho religious intelligence ot all antagonists should suggost tho pondering over such questions as-( >) Has (ho subject been dealt with according to the general teaching of tho spirit and letter of the Scriptures? (B) If so, is it not tho plain duty of alcoholic churches to instantly reform? (C) Is not abidance in alcoholism practically a defiant and profane challenge to tho living God? (D) Can any resist or fight against God successfully? (K) Is it not bettor to by faith "Kiss tho Son, lest he be angry, and ye peii-.li from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a, little. Blessed are all they that put their trust in Him." Yours, etc.. HENRY .ROBINSON, Seuior. 4th August. ' 