THE YOUNG FOLKS, i FULE-GIBBIE. ADVENTURE AMONG THE ROCKS. Bx Jessie M. E. Saxbt, Chapter II. Tbe party couBirtea of the Manse boys, their fai hiul chum Gloy Win wick, Fred, toe laiid'< only son, Sveio Hoitum, and his brother Tom. Seven iade of true mettle, not 1 3 be uiaicued lor oourage, reNdy wit, and sal f. forgetful manliness in all the Shetland Isl 8. Tae spot which they purposed exploring in search of Fiiic- Gibbie was a range of cliff overlooking both Westervoe and Collaster. It was a lofty headland, rising in steep and f. -owning majesty from the depthB of the ccean. Its precipitous front projeoted over cbc fea, and was broken Here and there by deep rifts and dark caverns, the haunt of Bji-fowl. Peaip, and mighty waves. The Manse b ive and their special chums were wont to boast that they teldom required 5 i uee a ropu when climbing among their native craps ; bui not even reci>le?6 Tom Hoitum or plucky Harry Mitchell ever v ;atur«3ii to Ocboend the head of Collaeter j without a cord attached to their person and well secured on the land overhead. I The lads had chosen that place as the I S'.ene of their explorations because it wa<\- in | toe neighbourhood of those cliffs that FiiU- Gibhie had lust been seen. Also, Eric remembered that the runaway had often te ur c he hue, a way to iht cavs of the Hec.d whica could be followed without help hem boat or rope. Of course, the Manse doys reared uch assertion on Gibbie's part a ihc idle invention of an unsettled mind, ijr the\ believed that they knew every crevice of the Head of Collascer bolter than anybody else. fj$But in the present crisis it occurred to E :jc that there might have been truth in the j p lor half-wit's assertion, and when Fred and Sveis were consulted they agreed that some- ' la:ng might come of a more thorough inspec tion cf that locality. It was certain that Gibbie had fled there when he discovered the result of his treat ment cf the fowls. It was also certain that he entertained the moet extreme terror of death, and would never dream of seeking a madman's refuge in euicide. There was every reason to believe that if Gibbie knew of some secure inaccessible shelter in the I Head of Coiiaster he would hide there in j preference to any other place, and it was j quite possible that he had reached such a J refuge, hot could cot find a way of returning. I All those points our young friends took 1 into consideration, and they soon decided J upon their line of action. 1 One of the ropes Bill had brought was j attache to a boulder on the brow cf the cliff, and Harry, being the most lithe and light of the party, was cautiously lowered over the most icacoes'i le pari of the precipice, while Svein and Fred ewung themselves down two of the gees, and Gloy explored some of the lower crage. Tom Hoitum and Bill remained with Erie, ty hie express command, beside the rop from winch Harry was suspended. Thty were both rather recklees, and younger than the Feet, and Eric knew that the doctor and minister would bold him responsible for the Email boye of the party, eo he thought it right to keep them employed in guarding the j rope upon which a life depended, and the j t wo boys were soon so interested in watching < Hrtve progress that they forgot to regret' th-ir own inactivity. Ae 1 said, Harry was lithe and light, a ; master of athletics, and wary as well as bold, j He never trusted both feet on a rock until he bad made sore that it could bear his weight. You must remember that these cliffs over- ! udc in many parts, so that before long Harry va« swinging in the air many bundled f#3t M ove see level fathoms of ocean fai below, liTid cntbiog keeping him from destruction ; jt. that trusty cord guided by his com panions. Slowly, slowly tbey lowered him until he was suspended in front of ft narrow k »gc >J ri>ck, wnere numerous sc-a-fowl had their ccpts. There was a large cave lower down, end H»rry thought if he could gain a kotmg ou the ledge he might reach and tvploro tiio heiyer (cave, but the tl<il orw- hung a good deal at the point where he found i s'imif, a d It seemed impossible to get m&rcr.; 1 wish I had brought one of the sticks Hith rnc," he thought ai he glanced keenly nm ml, hoping to discover some means of ! I ft <i III/,' I Wjjite rising so. there suddenly appeared oo Wrdgi". within a few feci of bnu, the . fint, wil l form of Fule Gibbie ! lie had bieu hiding bebiod some crags, and nn recognising Harry bad crept near with the human instinct of gladness at sight of a human being. Hullo, Gibbie!' cried Harry. This is a ; queer place to meet in ! How did yon git j nerc ' The birds—they can tell.' said Gibbie. ' Well, I can't fly, if you can. So reach out. if you please, and give me a hand, that I may get my fest on something.' "i dinoa dare do it for yon awesome sea,' whimpered Gibbie, coveting bis eyes and nhivering with fear. Ob, maister Harry, I never thought t'-e sea was sae dreedful till I came here, but it has sounded in my head for a: the niebts and days like ghosts and crows roaring for a body's soul ; and when ever I tried to creep awa it's voices held me to the spot.' There, was evidently no help to be had feom Gibbie, and Harry was wondering what he should do next, when, a few yards to the right of him, Fred Garson appeared, hanging on a rope also, and carrying a long polo in his band. Before many minutes the two adventurers had gaioed a footing on the ledge where Fuls-Gibbie sat sobbing and quite oowed by the solitary awfuloess ef his position. The question, then, was : How was he to be removed? There was no possibility of bringing a boat belovi the crags, for rook after rock lay in the sea at the foot of the precipice, barring the way and making one shiver to thiok of being-launched amid such breakers. It all the wise heads is the isle had j been on the spot, they oould not have de- 1 eidcd on a better plan than that which . Garson adopted. It took many I to persuade Gibbie to trust himself J to Fred's guidance, and if the poor creature had not be.ieved more implicitly in the laird's gallant young son than in auy other body the plan would have failed, j At last he yielded, and the lads fastened one of the ropes to hie waist, Fred promising at the same time to go with Gibbie and support him. Httry took possession of the ' other cord and the pole and gave the signal to those above to 'haul away.' He was soon going up the face of the precipice, followed by Fred, whose one arm was clutched by Gibbie, while the other was twisted round the rope. There waB great excitement among the I other lads when they found that the one rope I bore such a heavy weight, and before long j they were gratified by a eight of the double burden. Right lustily they pulled on the I lines, and half the way was passed in safety, when Harry, ohancing to look up, saw to his | horror that the rope to which Fred and | Gibbie were attached ha3 got slightly frayed on the rockf», aad was slowly untwisting. The double weight had been mGre than it could sustain, and in a moment or two more it muBt part if not lightened. Oh ! Fred,' Harry cried in terror, ' your rope is breaking. There is too much weight on it. Can yon reach mine ?' Alas ! Fred had no hand to spare, and if I he had had Ido not think he frould have desert ed I Gibbie. He gave one despairing glance I upward and closed his eyes. 1 Gibbie, too, looked up and saw the peril, j but in that supreme moment cf impending j doom the aloud rolled back from his shattered I mind, and left him a man and a hero. Frrd's knife was banging by its lanyard within reach of Gibbie's hand. In a moment he had snatched at it and the steel was out. i ' There's nane to Borrow for Fiile- Gibbie, and you are the laird'a only boy/ he cried. Lord tak' me to Heaven this nioht !' With I these words he severed the rops between 1 himself and Fred. One wild cry followed, which was echoed by Harry and the appalled spectators on the brink of the precipice, and a moment later Fiile Gibbie had disappeared among the I seething, roaring breakers far below. | Faint with horror, Fred scarce knew j what was happening ; but Harry, by a violent effort, swung himself near enongu to I grasp his comrade's hand and lessen the tension on the failing rope. I Then boih were rapidly bcrne aloft, and 1 the pathetic story of Fii e-Gibbie'e death was j told to the Islesfolk, who heard with tears of I the noble self-sacrifice he bad shewn. — I Boy's Oicn Paper . 1 