MEIBEOPOLITAN ;;NOTAI¢DL (5oae oUn owkdo{ OinniarONDNT); r .a - .Taituary 6th. " * We-aeen to'want a colonial Plimcoll in Melbourne., Thu board iiF. invetsi gating the cause of tho disaster, to the Black Eagle appear'd, "to ignore, alto gether the moain, i4sue involved, the 'dangar to the lives of a large- number of human beings. Smoe example ought to be mado' of: .'th o ship owners who send a number of pebple to pea in an untrustworthy boat, and without the necessary applications for saving life in case of an accident., Whenever a holi. day occurs, overythipg that'will float is brought into requisition foi excursions on the Bay, and it aurprisa nme that some great disaster has not already oc curred. It was a mere matterof chance that that leaky old tub, the 'Black Eagle instead of settling down discreetly at the St Kilda wharfdid niot sink in deep water. If it had, thercs was no chancy of scnape for the crowd of pas sengers onl bourd, all of, whom must inevitably Ihavue. heen·drowned, One life buoy, and one boat were all the ap pliances onbt'oard, and "there; was evi dence that the boat was useless, and would not have floatend had it ;beo got into' the water, a fi?b cwhich daiipoars to have been recognised by thoseon board, sinco it was so placed that it could not have been got out if wanted. I expos. tad somue more appropriate remarks from the board than a compliment to thi master. What the public is anx. ious to know is whether it is not the duty, of some one to see that vesseol un-' fit for passenger trafliO are 'nob made available on holidays iti' this way,: whether such a vesabl as the Black: Fag!e should ho permitted; to sail even with her own sinall craw may 'wlal' be 'qqestipnpd, but certainly she qught not, to hI'vq hoen allowed to ,pu 'out with, o crowd of passenlgprs., I~ ,, t , bo hoped that thogouorprmoaeqt Wi.l.immed- lately take stops taprovent? thbI neo, of: such floating coltbht in ,the. future, as the passengers on going aboanid are no ceosarilyokbli?ed:to. take the afekty,- for g?anted. I. doubtwhelher the Gladstlos Gov ornmente wro' ?uito' proptiitdl f'" h storm of Indignation whioh has.broken out in Austrlh? a i?t Conseglpltgqq. of the proceedings in the Pacific., There !js certainly a lug rosy brewing. monster meeting Is to' be lild"in the Town, Hall this evenintg, and I se that others aro.coniing. olf thitweek ini Bal larate and othot towns;in the Proviisco. The strenuth of the feelihg is ~iown by. the itiability of'the' tosedulites to .wait the; initiation"of thoe 'nmoiemet in, the capital, blit t'inustnecdiftak'n the- leads bearing 'th'eflnigy 'of Lrd'Deiby.:I am not sura that that old formn..of' demon 'dration is not opena,to the charge of clildislinesH,h'and'I certainly .think, no? distieictlbii should' be" drawn between' tbrh Colonial' Eiretary and tile other leinfiers 'of tlie Gladionno Governniaent Tlissiwas no;hurried'rtiansaction by an individual minister, which imight. not have come under the cognizance of Iis. colledgtice "The whole question of,' tle ulti?iate fate of the Western Pacifllhas beoo?iie?oros.the British" Cabinet 'fors' couplie of.years, anddthero can bh'e no doubt whateverthatthlie snare to Aus, traliwas: cooly and deliberately;,detor-, mined upon by.,thea Government as; a whlielb. Thei Noiw Guinea business is the ab sorbihg topie of conveirsation' hbre,' aid it isrenarkablle hlow~ "'inaiino'us is the feeling bf,, anger hn'd:` disgdgues: Ml',en; wliose Imperial sympathies have always, been' most pronounced and.:whose loy.;: alty id unilueationed;are nowpirepared, 'to look upon'.eparatiionras not only'a: justifiable proceeding, hut' oveii a mat ter of stern duty. . It is ',a mostl muon strous thing that an English IMiinistry' ?whose continued' existence,.depends upon the support:of 'the, :vagabondage. of English political lifeo, should hlavo the jiower to sow the seeds' of,"rupturoe in the bosom of a miglihty Empie. 'Of' coures, separation is a thi ng ? oi to b' thought of at the'present tinme.? There is much to be done before :that w,wvold' be advisable, even under worse circums stances than- the present. "Bub,.there: is one thing which "vill liave'to be en' quircd into, viz,, 'whether'tli0'presefit relations beth~eenm thel se'lfgqv?rning colonies anr.d the Crown are so' satisfac. tory as they ought to be. - I. see the •Telbgrapl " takeaRthe;i Ago'' to task for pointing out the peculiar positions intowhlibh the, Governor has dcriftej in this 'colony' Yet;. the , Ago.l'is .riglit ih saying'that the communication be-, twi~en tlhe' Colonial Governments and: th Calonhial'Ofhlco'ar`o'ow 'really 'car ried on through thi Agents General; .aid not through His Excelleincy at hll. No blame. is attached to' Sir Heniry, Loch on that accouht, nor is it due to any'disrespect to that gentleman. But; the fact remains, and seems to point to ;a transition stage in the relations of' the colonies and the mother -colony. The great colonies are growing apace,' and however appropriate it may have been for their Majesty's Ministers, in England to do the fatherly to a hand fulof colonistsat the Antipodes. When the colonies become great States there would be something absurd about the Queen's Ministers in :one, part of the Empire being subservient. to herMlinis ters in aiother. It is the old question raised maiy years ago by Mr.EHigin bothnm, when he contended that colo sial Miniistors in respect to colonial af fairs occupied. the position in relation to the Crown that Ehglish Miniasters do in regard to English affairs. How Her Majesty is to be advised by a number of perhaps conflicting respon sible Ministers is the practical diffi culty.. The question might not have been raised, for many years at least, in any more serious wiay than in debating 'society question, had the .Gladstone SGovernment acted with anything like reasaonale prudence in regard to the AAistraliai claims. But it is now clear that,,a Ministry may cemo into office wbich:,iwill;grossly. abuse the pieroga tive of thoUrowni to trhe injury ,of the colonies-to attain, some purely Euro pean" object. ' For examplo there is nothing to'preventthe 'gession to:mor 'rov'if part ofWestern Australia to a foreign power, and in that event these colonies would not have a ghost of a legal or constitutional right to object. Some guarantes will have'to. be ob tained that for the .futureathe special, interesth of Australians shall ..not be dealt with by English Ministers, with out tihir. ioeowledge' or consent. :The question is'a large and inm?ortant one, and the new modus vivendon may be difficult to find, but Mir. Service should set hinself at ones to its dinegyory. 