Mm MB FdBB6N-.'V:', IRELAND. THE LAST OF THE GASTLE TYRANTS. (UNITED IRELAND.) Earl Spencer has gone the way of Mr. ior ster and Mr. Trevelyan, His three years' despotism ran the course which has now the rigid force of destiny for English rulers in Ire land : no matter though their will be of iron and their power as . unchecked as a Czar's. It has ended in; political destruction. His fate has the grim dramatic unity of a G-reek tragedy. He came in and goes out with the Crimes' Act. The issue of the: three years' agony is that Earl Spencer leaves Ireland a ruined man, and the destroyer of a ruined Ministry ; and it is the power of victorious Ireland that pelts him into the sea and lights bonfires of triumph behind him. His three years' tyranny has soli dified and disciplined the Irish nation to a pitch never realised before. He has left behind him deeds and a name which; will be. as potent to invoke detestation of English rule as the memories of Carew, or Cromwell, or Carhamp ton. He has shown that Liberal English rule in the last quarter of the nineteenth century can be as savage and unbearable as in the days of the worst of , these monsters«-with the very ; marked difference that nowadays in a life-and -death struggle between Dublin Castle and the Irish people it is the Iri3h people who in the long run baffle, torture, and crush the toughest English statesman who undertakes to play the the tyrant over them. The mill of tho Irish people grinds slowly but it grinds small. , Then, eyery enemy, high or low, Viceroy, land-agent, Castle official, or hangman, has a way of finding himself a worsted and ruined man when all is said and done, Mr. Porster is soured for life. Mr. Trevelyan is a white- haired, stooped, old man. The vote which expels Earl Spencer from Ireland hurls Mr. Speaker Peel from the chair. We counted them at break of day, And when the sun sets, -where are they ? Where Earl Spencer, with his mulish obstinacy , his omnipotent Crimes' Act, and his. ruthless terrorismj has gone down with a groan, who shall stand against the patient dint of Irish opinion P The Irish people have won by sheer force of patient intrepidity. Had they shrunk before Earl Spencer's proclamations— had their leaders kept silence because every sentence they spoice mignt suojeet tnem tnem to tne pianic bed— -had their newspapers taken a tone of whispering humbleness under the dread that their every issue might be their last — Earl Spencer would have pushed his advantage with out mercy, and Ireland would be to-day as reft of spirit as the corpse that Sir Charles Gavan Dufliy saw on the dissecting-table. Instead of that, tyranny was confronted, flouted, defied, and denounced to its teeth at every turn. Wherever one meeting was suppressed, three were held in defiance of the proclamation. When Mr. Harrington was claimed to the plank bed^ for making a moderate speech, his col leagues retorted with a hundred speeches more outspoken. When this journal was prosecuted for seditious writings, its writings carried the war into the inmost penetralia of Dublin Castle The unctuous Pharisees who bewailed the crimes of the Irish people were taught to look at home for the machinery of crime and murder, and for leprosy that shunned the eye of day. Not an inch of ground was ever yielded. The tyrant grew to fear the ghosts of his own ill-deeds more than the Irish people feared his steel or gibbet. It was a long and agonizing and doubtful duel; but the patience/ courage, discipline, and insup pressive spirit of the Irish pscple have co: quered. The ghost of the murdered G-alway peasant has proved stronger than all the wiles and terrors of Green-street, and all the quick lime that Earl Spencer could heap upon his bones. With Jiian. spencer to nis Juguurious limbo departs probably the lasfc 'strong' Eng lishman who will ever undertake to dragoon lie land out of her Nationality by police barbarism, paid perjury, jury-juggling, the immemorial informer, and the sacred rope. Hurrah ! The following from an English paper forms a fitting end to the record of the Earl'a reign in Ireland : — Dublin, June 27. — There was a larger crowd of prominent people at the farewell reception of Earl Spencer tc-day than was anticipated. The Earl, in the presence of the assenabled guests, knighted Secretary Kaye and Commissioner Greene for the part they took in making the recent visit of tho Prince and Princess of Wales to Ireland a succese. Every precaution was taken to prevent the Invincibles from perpetra ting an outrage, and packages destined for the Castle were carefully examined before beirg conveyed inside the building, for fear they mighc contain dynamite. A large force of police wore stationed in the courtyard, and numerous de tectives in full dres3 suits mingled with the assembled crovrd. The streets through which. Earl Spencer passed to the railway station en route to London were lined, with soldiers. 