True from the First AND FALSE TO THE LAST. CHAPTER IV- Continued. After casting around him a search ing glance, he forced his way thrqugh the weeds to the dreary-looking house, and looked in. The door had fallen 2from its hinges, the floor was of earth, andunothing remained in the interior but a rude bedstead, which had been built against the wall. HeI passed out into the open air again, and .looked up at the sun. It was sinking towards the West, and he saw that in a few more moments the precise altitude he desired would be attained; so he hastened to the back of the cabin to make such observations as were necessary. The clouds had rolled away; the blighted tree stood on the spot described by Calderon, and he hastened to the brink of the gully '~to mark the shadow as it fell, just be fore the sun sank behind the tall tree tops that girdled in the narrow space around him. The ravine was deever than he expected; it seemed to have been worn in the soil by the action of rain, for clay was mixed here with sand, and the embankment on the other side sloped downward a few feet, and then ·there was an abrupt descent of several rods to the bed of a narrow stream that wound its sullen way through the -avine it had worn for itself. Bodino tried to calm himself, that bhe.might accurately observe all that was necessary to success.in his enter prise; but his heart beat loudly, his hand trembled, and his hands seemed to fail beneath him. Slowly the shadow swept onward, and just as the sun fell behind the trees, it touched a point at the edge of Sthe ravine, a few feet from the spot he stood on. He roused himself, and prepared for action; the pick was taken out, the handle accucately fitted, and he com menced throwing out the brush-wood that had been heaped up in the ravine, and in a few moments, the way was clear before him, to commence digging in the front of the bank three feet be low the surface, as Calderon had directed. After a few well-directed blows, the sharp instrument struck with a ringing s·ound on some metallic substance, and, with frenzied haste, Bodine threw down the wall of earth, built up in front of an iron box about a foot square, which had been pushed back under the shelv ing bank into a small, natural cavity formed in the earth. With trembling hands he drew it out, and took from his pocket a key, which had been given him by Calderon. A metal slide protected the lock, and springing that back, he thrust in the key, turned it with a wrench, and saw within five roleaux of gold, a jewel nase, and a roll of papers carefully bound round with waterproof cloth. He took up the gold and weighed each roleaux in his hand, laughing aloud as he did so. Then he opened t;he jewel-case, and gloated over the sheen of the brilliant gems it con tained. 'They were once her mother's, and they may become hers in gooatime, but newly set-newly set, and she will never know them for the same. They shall be part of the bait which I will set for her woman's heart. The sex cian never resist finurry; she shall yet wear them as my bride.' The air seemed suddenly to darken, and the uind' came shrieking through the pine boughs with a wail ?so dismal tbhat .odine shivered, closed the jewel ease, and thrusting it in the breast of hiscoat, stood up and took a survey of the heavens. The clouds were gather ing again, and the storm of the previous night threatend to repeat itself. STaking the money, and the roll of boridt from the box, he placed them in the valise, and securely fastened it. He made no attempt to conceal the empty box again, except by replading it and throwing a few armfuls ofbrush wood in front of the excavation he had made. Then, witi an exulting heart, he idtrode over the ground with lordly tread, 'the possessor of such wealth as would make him a social magnate in the future. ,As he drew near the hut he paused a:homent, half tempted to look into it agaiii, but passed on without doing so, and descended to the spot on which lie had left his horse fastened. He had brought with him his saddle bags, in Wvhich were some papers of im portance, and a few letters, besides a change 'of clothing. His eyes dilated as he saw that they had half fallen from the saddle, and he feared for a few mbments that some other person be side himself had invaded this desolate slitiude and been tampering with hic Dpiperty in his absence. :' But on examination, he decided thai .".the horse had shaken himself, and thuin dipl!aced them, He haist9e$ to mount, and secure the valise, with its precious contents, before him, and turned to take a last look at the deserted' house. As he did so, his horse reared, and seemed wildly alarmed. In the door of the cabin stood a figure all in white, with its right hand pointing menacingly towards the intruder, and deep, hollow groans seemed to issue from its chest. For an instant Bodine felt as if all the blood in his body hadretreated from his heart, but it was not from fear of anything supernatural ; his own thought was, that there had been a spectator who had possibly watched him from the time he entered the cledring till the present moment. He snatched a pistol from his breast, and fired it full at the figure ; the next moment he was flying from the place at the fall speed of his horse. On-on they went, over every obstacle;' and well it was that he made such good speed, for two men were hastening up the raven, at the rear of the cabin, and a third one lay on the floor, uttering, curses loud and deep againct the stranger who had tried to take his life, but had only succeeded in inflicting a trifling wound in the fleshy part of his arm. He was a tall, well-formed man, with sinews of iron, and a face that was seamed with exposure and hardship, though it still bore traces of the manly beauty which had once distinguished him. He tore off his disguise, and sat up, feeling for the place which the bullet had entered. In a few moments, the two men, who had heard the pistol-shot, rushed into the cabin. One was a middle-aged man, and looked like a sailor; but the other was evidently a landsman, and alnmost in his first youth. The former hastened to the side of the wounded man, and said ' I was afraid I'd find the dead-lights up, captain; but you ain't killed out right yet. You've played the ghost once too often for your comfort, el ?' ' I ain't much hurt,' growled the wounded man. 'The fellow was scared, or he'd have done for me, sure enough. The ball has passed through my arm, and the place only needs a little sticking-plaster. But I'll be -more than even with the man that fired that shot before I'm done with him. Look out and find the ball, Tim, that was meant to take my life. I mean to keep it and send it back to that fellow some day, with a better aim than his was.' The younger man peered about the floor as he was bidden, but on stripping the sleeve from the wounded arm, the sailor found that the ball had fallen in it. . . ' I've found it, Tim, and' it hasn't done much harm,, after all. Do you run down to the Hole in the Wall, and get, me a bit of sticking-plaister out of the medicine chest. I'll look after thd captain till he can go with us.' Tim, rather reluctantly, left the two together, and when he was out'of hear ing, the sailor asked--. 'What brought that fellow here, Jose?' . 'He thought of buying this land, so I thought it best to give him a good scare.' 'Buying this :miserable spot of ground ! What on earth does he want with it ? and what's to .becomie of our trade in smuggled goods if he's allowed to colhe hereT' ' "- " ' Oh ! he wants to make turpenitine on a new plan'; but if he tries'it, I'll throw him in one of his own vats and set it afire. Ho! ho ! wouldn't that' be a nice conflagration ? ' ' How did you find that out ' ,. . SFrom Catlin, to be sure. He hired him the horse he caime here on, and then sent in search' of me. As' luck would have it, I was away at the cove where the last cargo' was .landed, and didn't get his message till late in the \- day. I wal ed over here as fast as I i could, and saw the harse hitched out. yonder.. I supposed the land shark had Sgone to walk'ronid the plhce.to see if it was really worth ..buying,. and I ,thought I'd'just take. a look in his saddle-bags, to see if I could. find out i anything about him.' : 'Well, what did 'you find in them. A flask of braiidy atid a clean shirt, I suppose.' , -:, ' . : 'More than that.: .There was a bundle of letters, arid I took two of them to examine when I Ihad time. As it was gettiiig late, I klinew he'd soon be back, and I\c~ept iround to the house and put oni this white tuggery; he shot me, and that's tlhe eid .bft the story, Pascon.' ' Not quite,' said 'Pascoe;significantly pointing to the bullet,: which the captain, as he called' hliim, was ahlaecing on his finger. He'd better not try to set.uphis head-quarters here. The other smiled grimly, and, rising to his feet, indiffeienitly replied ' Let him set up his household gods wherever he mniay, Jos6 Ilutiniez never forgives nor forgets.' This burley smuggler was the o`wner of a swift brig that traded in contraband goods brought from Cuba, and a secure hiding-place hlid been fouid .for them in a cavern a few huidired yards from thle spot f:om which Bodine had un earthed his treasure, the entrance to which was under tlrhe shelving bank of the little creek. The messenger came back with the 'adhesive plaister for which he had been sent, quite breath less. ' That feller ,in't beenu here arter no good,' he sputtered, ' an' he's been diggin' in the gully for somethin', as sure as I stan' here. I found a new pick' lying on the ground, and the brush has been throwed out'n the holler, and hardly any of it put Ibac'< agin. I I b'licve he's a spy sent here to find out the Hole in the Wall, and brinig down the constable on us.' . By this time the arm of'Marti'nez was bomd~ u$ p with a strij tori from his ghostly robe, and the three men left the house and strode rapidly towards the scene of Bodine's- late labours. In a tow moments the cavity was laid bare, and the empty bob displayed to view. The lid was thrown back, and the men looked blankly at each other. Pascoe gloomily said-' We are a set of blundering fellows. While we've been working.like beavers getting up a few lots of goods from the cove that don't pay no government tax, there was pirates' treasure buried almost above our heads, and that chap has diddled us out of it. -Ie knew that box had something in it worth having, or he'd never have come after it.' 'But there are no pirates in the Gulf now,' objected Martinez,' 'and this box is too new to have been put there by them; it's iron, and it's hardly rusted at all. It hasn't been in that hole over a few months., 'That's true enough, captain; but how did it get there, and how did that feller know where to find it 1' 'That is more than I can tell just now, butI mean to find out. But what is this? By Columbus ! he's left a clue behind him, Here's ia paper with a drawing of the house, and the old tree yonder, and - and there's writipg underneath that I know. Them cranky.looking letters could only have been made by one man, and I've fol lowed him up for years, meaning to take an old grudge out of him when the'right time came. But he slipped his cable. He's safe enough, and it's somebody else that has come here to get what he must have buried here.' While Martinez talked on in his ex. citement, the three examined the diagram which Bodine had forgotten to secure after he had used it. Pascoe al length asked 'Who wrote them directions under the drawing? Maybe the finder has no better right to it than we have, and if we can get a hold on him, he may at least be made to share with us.' With a hoarse laugh Martinez re plied 'The man that drew them lines, and wrote them words, came mighty nigh being my brother-in-law once. His sister was sweet on me in my young days, but her brother, who was only a lad then, cut up rough, and threatened to shootme. I'dhave married the girl all the same, and choked the young viper afterwards, but the girl died, and the coin I counted on getting with her went to that young jackanapes. If he had this money, it wasn't honestly come by, and the man that's got it knows it.' Pascoe took possession of the box, carrying it with him to the .cavern below, saying it might be made of some use. He was mate on the brig, and an old crony of Martinez; but the latter was at times despotic, and when in such moods, Pascoe knew thatwords were 'useless, so he said nothing more about the strange discovery they had made, knowing that in good time Martinez would be sure to take him into his confidence, and what was better, share with him whatever might be wrung from the trespasser upon the premises the smugglers had long regarded as their own property. Tim went with him to the cavern to complete the labour that had been in terrupted by the sound of the pistol shot, and Martinez, but little the worse for the flesh wound in his arm, went back to the hut, put on his loose sailor's jacket, and struck into a path leading through the forest towards the little bay in which his brig lay moored. A few miles beyond the character of the woodland changed; pines grew less frequent, and were gradually merged in the luxuriant forest growth of a semi tropical land. The sandy soil was left behind, and from the rich loam sprang tall trees that spread their umbrage over the heavy under growth, and clinging vines which matted the boughs together in an in-: extricable net-work. Through this jungle Martinez made his way with practised foot, for the narrow path had been perfectly familiar to him from boyhood. It was a nearer cut to the bay than the road by which the smuggled goods were conveyed to the Hole in the Wall, as he had named the cavern, and rough as it was, he chose it on this occasion forthe purpose' of'gaiiin_ time thoroughly to examine the letters he had abstracted from Bodine'o saddle.bags- befoire Paseoe could rejoin him. Martihez was not long in passing through the strip of jungle, for it was not over half a mile in width, and when he emerged from it the full moon was shining over cultivated fields, beyond which lay the massive Spanish house in which Mr. Rosidre and his daughter lived. Aimde was on the front gallery, sing. ing to her father, unconscious of the nearness of the stalwart sailor, who strode upon his way beneath the shadows of the trees till he gained the wide sandy beach that lay glittering, white and smooth, with the faint swell of the incoming tide breaking in ripples unon its margin. The little offing was narrow and completely land-locked. Half a mile from Oak Cottage, behind the shelter of a strip of forest, thickly matted with vines, lay the brig with furled sails, and two men were busy in getting out barrels and boxes, with which they were loading a arst, wiih a strong mule harnessed to it. The captain greeted them as he passed, and asked-' 'Is that the last load, Pedro ?' 'Yes, captain. We've worked with a will since you have been gone. In three hours we cani be off.' 'That is well, as we must be out of sight of land by daybreak.' ' Any land:sharks about I' asked the sailor. I,~~t~ IktigW of. IBIt I bg other business on hband that must be promptly attended to. Hurry up those things to the cave, and leave Tim t6 stow them away.' '.Ay-ay, sir,' was the response, and the captain passed on to his cabin in the stern of the small craft. This was a much more luxurious ship than one would have expected to find in so in significant a vessel. Its fittings were of highly polished mahogany; a carved table of the same wood was fastened to the floor, and above it swung a lamp with a ground glass. shade. Books were scattered on the table, showing that the occupant of the cabin possessed more culture than might have been expected in one of his calling. Martinez sat down by the table and took from the pocket of his jacket the papers he had purloined from Bodine's saddle bags. One proved to be a tailor's bill, dated but a few weeks back and receipted. ' Dr. Wal;er Bodine-hum-so that's the name of the thief that came so slyly and toolk away something worth having, or he'd neveir have travelled this' for for it.. Now for the other puper.' He spread out a torn sheet of paper, on one side of which was covered with figures, and a few lines of writing, on the other was written the following words ' It is useless for you to write to me again, Jane. We quarrelled the last time we met, and it is too late to try to make up matters. You have heard of my good fortune I suppose, and that is why you thought it best to make the attempt. I am not going to hamper myself with a cross and un reasonable wife, who has nothing of her own independent of her father; not that I care particularly about that now, for I shall be independent of all such con siderations. But you and I do not suit each other-we ought .to have found that out long ago, for we scarcely ever think alike on any subject. 'I have become the heir to wealth bequeathed to me on conditions and one of them was, my marriage with a young girl who lives in' the neighbour hood to which I am going. She has some claims on my inheritance, and this will be the best way to settle them. Besides I knew and loved her before you and I ever met, and the possibility of making her my wife has awakened all my old passion for her. ' In this state of affairs, there is but one course open to you-find another more congenial to you than I am, and when I hear of your marriage to such a person, I will send you a valuable bridal present. I shall be rich enough to be liberal, and. you may expect something handsome. It will be useless for you to-' Here the paper was torn, and the precious epistle ended abruptly. 'Well, that is as cool a way of breaking off a woman as I ever heard of. After she reads such a letter as that, I hope the girl will not be fool enough to care what~ becomes of the villain that wvrote it. I wonder the fool carried it about with him; but here are calculations on'the back that he, maybe, thought would be useful to him. • Let me see what they mean. Martinez set himself to study the memoranda, and his face brightened as he began to comprehend their mean ing. At the top of the page was a pencil slketch' of the ,blind goddess, holding her scales in her hand. Beneath this was written 'Oh, fortune I thou shall e tLe only deity I will worship from this time forth! Thou hast smiled on me again and I am grateful. Last week a beggar; to- day the heir of the hoarded gains of a man I only knew upon his death-bed. Be kind to me still, oh, goddess I enable me to secure the wealth so mysteriously hidden from grasping hands, and I.will raise an' alter to thee, and offer libations at thy shrine.' Below this rhapsody figures were scribbled in many places, which summed up the amount of wealth Oalderon had told Bodine was to be found in the hidden casket. Martinez read them over with' dilating eyes muttering 'Jewels, diamonds too, he has written down ; gold, bonds for-for let me see, he has it down in more than one place, and it must be true. And I have passed by the place in which it must have,been hidden, at least a hundred times; have kicked away portions of the .brushwood with'out suspecting that such a windfall was there. Oh, Mr. Walter Bodine, I'll follow you up arid make you disgorge handsomely, or I'll use the bullet you so obligingly let fly at me not many hours ago.' Martinez rose, shook himself angrily, and refolding 'the papers in the envelope in which he had found them, placed them in a leather pouch he wore under his clothing. The bullet with which he had been shot was secured in the same receptacle, and he then went on deck, to pace there slowly till the men returned from their nocturnal expedition, and the vessel was got under way with a light but favnurable breeze. 