Cricket Chatter. bx Mid-off. The cricket seoE6n, 1884-5, terminated last Saturday,, on the Albert Sports Ground, when eleven seniors tried conclusions with eighteen juniors. The weathe* was all that could be desired, and the wicket was in rare orders The contest was set dewn to start at 10 o'clock, but itfwas a little after that hour before play began; I must compliment all the players for their punctuality, for nearly all of the 30 engaged in the contest were on the ground shortly after 10 o'clock. The public did . not patronise the match in any numbers, and probably some kept away because there was a small admission fee to the ground. However, those who did go, were not disappointed, and it at any rate Bhowed that they took an interest in junior as well as senior cricket. The great majority of those who l-atronise sport like to see it on the cheap, forgetting the amount of trouble and expense there is attached to getting up contests of Saturday's description. Very few old cricketers were present on the ground, and those who talk a lot about the game by saying they would support it, were conspicuous by their absence. However, one of the most interesting cricket inatcheB ever played in Brisbane took pla6e without their patronage, and was carried though from start to finish without a hitch. There was no waste of time, no adjourning .for an hour business for lunch in this match, and everything went merry As a marrirge bell. All who took part in the match threw theiir whole heart and soul into it, and made it the success it wad, although it was played before an array of empty benches comparatively speaking. Never mind, the time will come in the history of this colony when not the leapt interestin g event will be the senior-cnm-junior annual cricket match. Perish the enthusiasm of those who care not for sport, and%ericket-is one of those manly, healthy sports that ought to fee patronised. And now a few remarks on the play. G. E. Palmer was elected.skipper of the seniors, while Grogan led the juniors/ Messrs. W. Hobbs and W. Swain discharged the duties of umpire, the former looking after the interests of the juniors, the latter that of the seniors. Grogan winning the toss, elected to go to the wickets,, and the little man was wise in this respect for the wickets, as before remarked, was in - perfeet order. The juniors made a very good fight of it, too, in their first attempt, despite the fact that they had to con tend against the cunning bowling of Palmer, ably assisted by Gregory. Stansfield, of the Oxfords, made 14 by really good cricket. Possessing a good reach, he plays the ball well for ward, and,-as a rule, along the carpet, and hits a.ball neatly. He knows how to play the game, hailing as he does from York shire. Duncan Munro, of the second Stanleys, made a fine stand, and the way he negotiated the deliveries of Palmer and Gregory, was pleasant to behold. Every ball was played along the carpet, and with thp greatest care. (Stepping out of his crease to drive Palmer, he missed the ball, and Hitchcock \- stumped him, and' the second Stanley representative retired amid much applause with a well put together 12. E. Brookes, of Brisbane Grammar School, will be a gcod bat in time if he looks out, and his score of 8 was very creditable. E. Green r»nd Grogan were run out when they made 5, and the pro bability is they would have made a good few more runs, as they were batting well. Pilkington, of the Oxfords, contributed 7, including a fine drive for 4 to long-on off Pal mer. He does not play a! bad bat at all. J. Hitchcock (Bulimba) made 7, Quill (Blackball) 5, and A. Brookes (Unions) 4. The first innings closed for 78. The eleven w'ere soon at the wickets, and when their last wicket fell, the scoring board denoted 94. Palmer made top score, with 33, got by inost careful play, every ball beingnicely timed—in fact, his nice neat style, and the vigour he put into every stroke, was often remarked upon,and his batting was the theme of general admiration. Early in his innings, he gave a chance to J. Hitchcock, at cover-point, off E. Geddes' bowling, but the representative of Bulimba was lenient, and so Palmer went on his way rejoicing, and almost immediately drove M'Cowan clean over the high ff-nce for 6, amid most enthusi astic cheering. It was a grand hit, and one that a person can pot see veiy often. Eventually, Cox snapped him up, at mid off, off Healion's bowling, and the skipper of the eleven retired amiahearty plaudits. Pride was next in order of merit with a rapidly complied 28 ; his leg-hitting and driving being very pretty. He made 4 fours, 1 three, and singles. Conningham played carefully for his score of six singles. 0. Hitchccok made a most useful 8, in which was a good drive to the on for 4\. Norris, who went in last, made a really fine square-leg hit for 4, but that was all he was permitted to get. Again the juniors were at the wickets, and remained there until 77 was reached, thanks to the vigorous hitting of Grogan who made some capital leg- hits off Palmer and M'Donald. The popular little skipper of the eighteen retired for 18, and the onlookers did not forget to cheer the plucky little batsman. E. Green " played like a book," and I must give him credit for the really careful manner in which he put his 18 together without the ghost of a chance. This is not the first time that Green has played a good and safe game. W. Cox batted neatly for 8,, and is the making of a fine bat, possess ing as he 'does, plenty of confidence. E. Geddes made a useful 6. When the seniors started their 2nd innings they had 62 to make to win. Toiler, Pride, Kitchen, M'Donald, and Gregory were soon dismissed and 5 wickets were down for 18 and the Jui:iors in rare spirits. But just then Palmer and Conningham got together and stooped the "rot" that had set in. Gradually "the score mounted, both bathsman showing great care. At last Conningham, flinging off his cap, went in for big hitting and several times hit the bowling for 4, Palmer all this time very wisely stonewalling and contenting himself with singles. With the score at 55 Palmer allowed Newman , to get at his wioket and he had to retire for a most valuable 11 got when most required. 6 for 55. Hitchcock joined Conning ham, the light being bad sometime previous to this. Owing to the leniency of the field the required number of runs were I obtained without a further loss of wickets, and the Eleven won a!t?r a fine and exciting fLash by 4 wickets and 2 runs. Con ningham carried out his bat for 32. I think he gave three chances, two to Green and one to Merchant/ which were de clined. Although he played a little rash alf times, and made one or two bad strokes, this is to be accounted for in a great measure to his anxiety to score rapidly and dndeavour to win. He made some grand long on drives for quarfettes, Hitchcock al60 gave a chance to Cox off Geddes which was missed. Had the " 18 " accepted those chances there is no saying how things would have gone. The bowling of Palmer was simply grand, but some of the Juniors played it very pluckily. Gregory and Conningham also trundled well up to the mark. Norris and M'Donald were also tried, but a good many runs were obtained off them. On behalf of the Juniors, the best bowling was done by E. Geddes who was in rare form. A. Brookes, Burton, Pilkingfcon, Healion and Newman were also pretty successful. The fielding on both sides taking it all through was very crediiable, and everyone on both sides worked hard. Where all were so good I will not go in for particularisiug. Palmer de serves great praise for the way lie bossed his team and the same remarks apply to Grogan who had charge of the " 18." M'Gill was unwell or he would have played with the " 18," and Wright could not get away to fill his place with the Seniors, so Sheridan was asked to take his place. The following is the score Seniors. First Innings. Second Innings. W. Voller c and b Geddes' ... 1 runout 3 W. Pride b Brooks 28 c Quill b Brookes ... 2 A. Gonninghan b Geddes... ... 6 not out ..32 • W. Kitchen b Geddes ... ... 2 c Merchant b Brookes 1 G. E. Palmer (c)cCoxbHealion 33 b Newman ... ... 11 E. Gregory c and b Pilkington... 0 b Burton ... 4 J. M'Donald b Geddes ... .... 3 c MerchantbBrookes 7 O. Hitchcock b Geddes . 8 not out 3 E. Sheridan not out 2 W. Munro c and b Burton ... 4 R. Norris c M'Cowan b Burton ,4 Extras ... .*. 3 94 Six for 63 Juniors. First Innings. Second Innings. W. Cox b Palmer ... 2 c Pride b Norris .. 8 Merchant b Palmer Ob Palmer .. 1 Stanfijld b Palmer • 14 b Palmer .. 3 A. Brookes b Gregory ,4b Palmer .. -4 E. Green run out ... , 5 b Palmer .. 18 A. Grogan (c) run out .... 5 b Palmer... .. 18 D. Munro st. Hitchcock b" Palmer ... 12 c Pride b Palmer .. 0 B. Geddes b Palmer 0 b Conningham ... .. 6 C. M'Cowan b Gregory ... 0 b Palmer .. 1 E. Brookes how Palmer • •• 8 b Palmer .. o Pilkington b Gregory • •• 7 c Sheridan b Palmer . .. 3 W. Burton b Palmer • •• 3 b Conningham ... .. 0 G. Crouch st Hitchcock b Palmer ... 0 b Palmer .. 0 Newman b Gregory ... 0 b Palmer .. 4 Quill how Palmer ••• 5 b Palmer .. 2 A. Crouch b Palmer 0 b Conningham ... .. 0 J. Hitchcock not out 7 run out .. 0 Healion ruu out ... 1 not out .. 1 Extras ... 5 Extras ... ... 8 78 77 Bowling analysis—Against Juniors first innings :— Balls. Buns. Wkts. M.C Palmer ... 114 39 10 5 Gregory 120 34 4 6 Second Innings Palmer ... 117 31 13 7 Norris 60 23 1 3 M'.Donald 30 9 0 1 Conningham 30 6 3 2 Against Seniors -First Innings Geddes .. 120 33 5 7.. Brookes 36 H9 1 0 M'Cowan 18 11 0' 0 Pilkington 30 13 1 1 Healion 36 11 1 2 Burton 6 4 2 0 Second Innings Geddes 24 10 0 0 Brookes 48 22 3 0 Healion 12 7 0 0 Burton 48 21 1 1 Newman 7 3 > 1 0 The second Senior v. Junior cricket match will be played on the Alberts Sports Ground about the middle of September. . So Mr. J. C. Moffatt, Vice-president of the Excelsor Football Club, has a poor opinion of cricket judging from what appeared, under the heading of " Football " in last week's Figaro, the notes being contributed by" Ajax." Thus "Ajax" reports: " Moffatt replied in a very neat and humorous speech, in which the superiority of the football field over that of the cricket, was forcibly illustrated," Just so. I don't believe in one horsed speeches of that description, they do no good and the probabilities are they do a lot of harm. To say the least of it, it certainly was bad taste to thus express himself. Football is a manly and noble game too. but, for all that, cricket is every bit as noble and manly. I like to see both games flourish, and football and cricket go hand-in-hand, but when people come to talk about " the superiority of the football field over that of cricket." it is time to stick up for the latter. In the Excelsior Football Club are several cricketers; I wonder where they were? When Mr. Moffatt was being so handsomely awarded by tlie Excelsiors for his services on behalf of football, he should surely have confined himself to talk football aud not cricket, the latter being out of place. The Union Cricket Club, Maryborough, presented Maitland, thfiir crack bowler, with an elegant gold trophy last week in recognition of his services during the past season. Mr. Kitchen, of the Albert Cricket Club, wishes me to correct a statement referring to him which appeared in Figaro of 2nd instant. Although presented with a bat and other presents, he got no purse of gold to enable him to come'out to Queeusland, when he left the old country. He paid his own way to this colony like a good many more, and he did not like it to go abroad that he was assisted when such was not the case. Good boy, Kitchen, show your independence. The meeting of the Queensland Cricket Association which was called for last Wednesday evening had to be postponed until next Tuesday, owinsr to the room being let. So boys, roll up at the same time and place next Tuesday* over Messrs. Grimes & Petty's Warehouse. We are invited by the spirit of the times to Hwell on the fact that the best to be got for love or money is the Rheingold Cigar. 