"THE T.fLC. STEEPLECHASE 3IEETLSG. (EEOM: OCS. 3TEI3S01IEXE Saturday. Xhe Urand JXafaonal Hnrdle and Steeplechases run with other events to day under the auspices of the "V.K.C., drew a large number of visitors to Rem ington- The weather, which for the two previous days had been fine, changed on Friday niaht, and thia morning- was ushered in by a light but steady rain, which lasted until about 10 o'clock. At first it was thought the races would have to be postponed, but fortunately the quantity of rain bad not been sufficient to make the course dangerous. Hurdle races and steeplechases always take well with the public, and the Grand [National events arc looked forward to bv some people with as much interest as the Cup. The sport to-day was of a first-class des cription, the fields were good, and the finishes in one or two instances, exciting. There were several spills, and some of the jockeys were injured but not to any serious extent. His Excellency the Go vernor, lady Loch and sniie were present and appeared to take great interest in the proceedings. As usual with Mr Byron .Moore, everything was in good order, and the races were got off to time, thus enabling visitors to return to town before dark. The following were the events :— Maidex Husdls Mace.—Of osovs- each, with 200 added. Second horse to re ceive 25 so vs., and the third 10 so vs. ont of the stake. About two mllea M. G- Talbot's b c Hippogrifij 3yrs, 9st (Corrigan) 1 3". Mhoden's b g Seabreeze, 4tts, lOst 2Ib(Hill) 2 J; Cxipps' bl h Dnration, 4yrs, 9st 121b (M'Leod) " 3 The. following also started—Coup d' Meat, Grattan, Echo, Oculist, Insolvent, AcPj Maven, AtWnwn^ Sun croft, Ebony. Betting—3 to 1 Maven, 5 to 1 Hippo grifij C to 1 others. Time, 4- min. 33ec Maxdex" Steeplechase.—Of osovs. each, with 200 added. The second horse to receive 25 so vs., and the third 10 sovs. out of the stake. About two miles. G. EL Mead's br g Meticent, 4yrs, lOst 71b (Chastouj 1 IV. Pearson's b m Lady Ashton, Gvrs, list 121b{EMduff) 2 S. Miller's b g Kulkyne, aged, 11st 11lb (Watson) .....3 The following also started —Brown Eagle, Joe's Tndian Queen, Signal, and Biverton. Betting—7 to 4 Meticent, 5 to 1 Lady Ashton and h-ulkyne, C to 1 Indian Queen. Time, omin. 2ssec. Gbaxp Nauqxal Hubble Mace, of 10 "sovs. each, with 400 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs., and the ihird 2o sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. C.H. T. Dart's ch ii The Agent. Gvrs. list 61b (Ferguson) " 1 J. M- O. Laurie's br g Guardfish, Cyrs, -IQst Sib (Beauchamp) 2 W. S- Cox's b h Cockboat, 5yxs. list (Cox) ... 3 .The following also started :—Hunts man, Sheet Anchor, Star, Student, Guard fish, Tattler, Oinadhaun, Tantaliser. Betting—5 to 4 Sheet Anchor, 4 to 1 The Agent, 7 to 1 Huntsman. 3 to 1 Guard fish, 10 to 1 Star and Tattler, 20 to 1 Cockboat. After a brief delay the lot were dis patched on even terms, Tantaliser leading over the first hurdle, followed by Guard fish, The Agent, Sheet Anchor, and Student, whilst Tattler acted as whipper in. Mounding the bend Huntsman rushed to the front, having Guardfish, Omadhaun, Sheet Anchor as his attendants, and in this order they took the second hurdle, where Tattler blundered- The Agent and Student having dropper back last. At this fence Tantaliser and Star came to grief, and were out of it. Along the back to the bridge Guardfish was taken to the front at a good pace, and led the field along by 10 lengths, Huntsman, Agent, Tattler, Student, and Sheet Anchor fol lowing in the order named. At the sheds Omadhaun fell, and interfered with Sheet Anchor, who dropped into last place through ii. Entering the straight Guardfish was 20 lengths ahead of Hnntsman Then came the Agent, fol lowed by Tattler and Student together ; Sheet Anchor being last. Pound the turn and along the river side Guardfish went a head merrily, and was over 30 lengths in advance of his opponents, and this as they ueared the bridge must have been increased to oO lengths. Manning down towards the sheds the leader began to show signs of tiring, and the gap was materially decreased by Tattled Cock- ; boat, the Agent, and Huntsman. As they approached the last fence the Agent came with a grand rush, and led into the i straight followed by Cockboat, Guardfish. Tattler, Huntsman, and Sheet Anchor. Below the distance Guardfish auswered the call, hut was unable to reach The Agent, who won with a little in hand by I three lengths from Guardfish, who was one and a half lengths in front of Cock- i boat; Tattler was fourth- Time, 6min- i Ojsecs. • Guaxd Nauoxal Steeplechase — Of T5sov3 each, with 500 added- The \- second horse to receive SQsovs, and the third hoise 25sot3 out of the stake. ■ About three milw j M. Loughlin's b g Wymlet, 4yrs, lOst 41b (Corrigan) 1 G. Knssell's ch g Sailor, aged, 9st 101b (APLeod) ... o J. Cohn's b g Denmark, aged. 12st 111b (KUdufi) ... 2 ; The following also started—Governor, Morven, Forester, Moonlight, Gran ville, Progress, [Native, Minerva, Mern der, Leo, and Trickett. \- [Betting: 4 to 1 Governor, 5 to 1 Morven, j to 1 Sailor, Wymlet, Forester, 10 to 1 Leo, Progress, 12 iol others. The fourteen horses were sent on their journey at the second attempt, Native being quickest on his legs, and leading past the stand, with Forester, Leo, Denmark, Minerva, at his quarters Bounding the river turn the top weight waspulling double, but had settled down .behind Native as the first obstacle was negotiated j Leo, Wymlet, Forester, and Trickett being the next, Governor and Morven being last Along the back stretch no material change took place, and on reaching the abattoirs Native and Denmark were together, then came Leo and Wymlet at the head of the others, who were well up, with Moonlight last Passing the sheds, the leaders were still together, Wymlet having run up third : Minerva, Leo, Forester, and Sailor being in a duster. The double at the end of the straight was - cleared by Den mark and Native almost together, Wymlet and Minerva following" then came Sailor, Leo and Forester in close attendance. An interval, and Governor showed at the head of the rear division, which was whipped in by Moonlight. Denmark led over the quadruple,* with NaiiTe a length in the rear. 'Wymlet struck the second fence, hut Tommy recovered himself. Morven, Forester and \- Moonlight came down here, the latter striking very easily. The field had now scattered out, Denmark and Native going along the river side, Leo, Minerva,Sailor, Wymlet and Governor comprising the second division. At the sod wall [Leo and Minerva came down, and Native had forged ahead of Denmark, whilst Wymlet was creeping up on the outside, and Sailor in the centre. At the abattoirs a couple more came down, and the race seemed to be a good thing for Denmark, but Wymlet and Sailor, who had been creeping up, challenged the leaders. Native was soon disposed of, and the weight telling on Denmark, Corrigan brought Wymlet on without any very great effort, and won by nearly six lengths from Sailor, who was twenty lengths ahead of Denmark. Time, 7min lOJsec. Szllixg Hukm.e Mace of 3 sovs. each with 150 added. W inner to be soldfor £50. One mile and a half and a dis tance. P. J. Cox's g g Stndent (ml), aged, XOstlllb (Cree) ... 1 JL Roaghlin's ch g Flamborough (nil) Gyrs, lOst 111b (Goodie) ... 2 B- Phillips' br b Doncaster (nil), Gyrs, list (Claston) 3 Eqniiy, Fusilier, and Assegai also started, Betting—5 to 4 Flamborongh, 4 to 1 Student, Fusilier, Assegai. Time, omin. ITJsec. Flat Race of 5 sovs. each with 150 added. One mile. J. G. Reid's ch g Ghost, aged, Sst 61bs (Williams) "" ... 1 Bon. W. Pearson's b « Plausible, 5 vrs, Sst lOlbs (Power) ~ 2 T- Jones' br c Bohemian, 3yrs, 7st 31bs (Blair) ... 3 The. following also started :—Iralee, Anglesey, Fernlea, Ringmaster, Cinciha tns, Sirocco, Gardenia, Favor, Sir Charles Warfield, Fernet, Sedition and Berkeley. Betting—4 to 1 Gardenia and Favor, 5 to 1 Fernley, 7 to 1 Plausible, S to 1 Ghost, 10 to 1 Bohemian and others. Time, "Imin. 4Sfsec. 