THEBARTON TOWN HALL MEMORIAL-STONE. On Saturday' afternoon, May 9, the memorial-stone of the Thebarton Town Hall was laid by the Mayoress (Mrs. E. J. Ronald). The need of a Town Hall has been felt for many years, and when completed the present building will doubtless prove a great acquisition to the district. It is situated in Henley Park, at a. central spot in the township, and at the rate of progress made by the builders it will very soon be out of the contractor's hands. The building will he 80 feet in length, 40' feet in breadth, and 30 feet in height. The walls will consist of brick and stone upon concrete foundations. The stage occupies about 13 feet. Underneath'there will be a temporary Council Chamber, 40 feet long, 12 feet wide, and 9 feet high. The roof will be opentimbered, on account of the acoustic properties. Entrance will be obtained to the hall by three large doorways, 8 feet across, and abundance o £ light and ventilation will be provided by windows and skylights. Messrs. J. King & Son, carpenters, are the contractors, Mr. W. H. Med well is doing the masonry work, and Messrs. Withall and Wells are the architects. In the afternoon during tine weather a procession of gentlemen in fancy costumes was formed in front of the Squatters' Arms Hotel, and marched to the Town Hull site, headed by a brass band, and accompanied by a large crowd of persons. On the ground there was a pavilion with a grand stand and a refreshment stalL Considerable amusement was caused for two or three hours by a cricket match engaged in by the gentlemen in fancy costume—ghosts, clowns, barristers, Driests, police-constables, &c.; being represented. In the middle of the play an adjournment was made to an elevated platform fronting the building. Mr. BUCKNAEL, M.P., after a complimentary address, presented the Mayoress with a handEome silver trowel. He thought the ratepayers of Thebarton mightwell be proud of their representatives in the Council, and they had a Mayor at their head who was hatdiy to be excelled. (Applause.) Tie MAYOR of HIKDIUBSH(Dr. John Rees) also handed Mrs. Ronald a silver trowel, which he requested her to keep as a token of the strong feeling of friendship that existed between the present Mayors of Thebarton and Hindmarsh. \\(Cheers.) The Mayoress then "well and truly" laid the stone, which was appropriately inscribed. The usual documents were deposited in a cavity underneath. The band in the meantime played the National Anthem, and the assembly afterwards gave ringing cheers for the Mayor and'Mayoress, l>r. Rees, Mr. Bucknall, and others. Hie MAYOR (Mr. E. J. Ronald, J.P.) expressed the great pleasure he felt iu attending the ceremony that day, and thanked Mr. Bucknall and Dr. Rees for their presents to his wife. The ratepayers had a good deal of difficulty in getting -a Town Hall, aud it WM -high time -that they had one.- - The old village of -Thebarton was established in 1838, and some of .the rising townships in the neighbourhood hod been established for many years, and they had felt the want of a hall very badly. It was only after a very detperate struggle that they were fortunate in getting * vote carried for the - building. He trusted sincerely that before four mouths had expired' the building won Id be completed. It would be one of the largest hulls in South Australia, beine about ten feet* larger than the Norwood Town Hall. He was quite sure that it would prove of the greatest benefit to the corporate town of Thebarton, and if : the inhabitants of Hindmarsh or any other-place needed the hall at anytime they would be very glad to let them have it. The hall would seat 1,000, and he hoped the time was not far distant when there would be a two-storied building in front. (Applause.) He proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Bucknall and Dr. Rees, who had put themselves to great inconvenience in attending. (Cheers.) Mr. BDCKJJAELj in reply, said he was always delighted to meet any of his constituents, beoause he had never met with anything but hearty good feeling from them since he had been their member. As for doing anything to promote the welfare of the district, he was only too happy to serve them at auy time, and the more work they gave him the better he was pleased. They would observe that Mr. Ebenezer Ward had recently advised the ratepayers in the North to beware of the town members of Parliament, because they were advocating protection. All he could say to that was he hoped that every.town and suburban member would support protection, which he regarded as absolutely necessary for the welfare of the whole of the country. He did not want to oppose the up-country members, but still it was necessary that the interests of Adelaide and the suburbs^ should be considei ed slang with the interests of the rest of the colony. (Cheers.) The MAYOR of HISDMABSB also responded, and the proceedings then terminated. 