LIEUATh .ZT SUnIL'FJII *rTO'TI53CooTES s =iiAilL~tdi\L u O ConiTESS 'I doi ntO kiviwhiit'rI'a tni 'tdso y to : o?n iiiotli'" "lettr:i tonly kiodhat Imoust tlil aill thdltsstrFug l sit1nde .'1 Yu iill?'take htlose avoids for hli-t they arot th cry of Sheamut that :would give. to last drop of its blood to spare you a s5ad monioiit, to awin smlile fromn you, to lingor a for tm hour by jour aid," I am younag, nmylrsart is full to .oerfilowing, and I shall never, soo you a-ailis: l-romn the momont that you read t~iso lis - I shall hlwe va?sishcd from the world for you. Do not boe ngry tht 1 tlared -notnecolpt the lionii of boing" yruii' lbrothrlli s-My m phn pyfate forbids; mo to live wit:lifoe to`cotuitt'?ypod?to' moirbti. lit iios "lting'- t it'ildoe' not fdor? ..bid-the courageo and tilo power. to toll you ihat 1 love you withtlio first, holiest, ai?l oh,: iudeid tl h last love ofxmxy lieart. I love you with sovey fibre of my boing; with ovory tlhought of Iy soiul, with every puhs of my body that in a few"momox?uts' is to moulder in the grare, where it has Slong heen due. I love ru" unutterably. God bless you. Farewellforever. 5." A starless night hunlg seer the Lunuut state1s, oppressive, damp daiknees. throhgh which a woman.ksocked at the lonelyf rm-liouse where LieutenantSterns. fold lived. The dent wan opened by the man himself, with a light In his hand. She entered; her old sermant, John Drim, stood on the steps outside. The Countese Elsa Areon, pashed back the htod of her 'waterproof and caid, as she stood within the threshold : " Lioutemut Stornfeld, yea are a wicked mant1." He placed his light on the window-sill with trembling fingors, onlysaying: "You here, countess ?' and then staod with folded hands before her, as if she were a saint. But shelooked at him with breath. less anger. " You terrrified me toi death by your letter. Heaven he praised, yon are here." " You were alanmed about nmen" "Yes she aunswered, honestly, though the glanMo she ave him was indescribable in its reproach anll pnrde ; "now itis over. I was alanned absub ia human being in deep distress. I was stupid enough for that. No nea ever eared for my gref." .He caught her hand and held her from going. `' lsa, do net leare me !" He cried. I told you that I was wretched, and you" " I ouly wished to tell you to heolane," slhestruck in. "You have a wife you do ndt leve, or you arem ia.loe with some ens you cannot marry, and you whimper lito a child. T1 that minanly ' ',Love.enyone but you? I can bear. it' noa: ongeor' in this heat hour' .when= muset returs to the geate in which'I liave : boon lying'for t year. Els, 'I dared not take or return love, because- In a dead main ".',..; -She took a skidden tep lack1ards' anid stared at him as if i iis nsad . Yo,' s'ho intiuied,, wnitlihhil oy-ee ined despairingl ein heicr face ; "If.a' you never felit;? Li sten. I am only a ghost; to.morrow's aun insist iot sea, mo on earthl. Do you think I anti mad ? Liston. My: parenta ivere poor;, I wais awinoys lonely, and aimbitious, anil Ir would neot disaip ito my youth an otlher men" do in nmy profesaiba.:. l told you of :my luarrel with -Prine~ Teko. A duel unti?. rally followed, but ourn colonel interfered. and it was stopped,' at'leant apparently'; not really, however. ;: As we could i not. ht opeonly, wne iarrangd a occreat duel. :W hlro-w lots In tlie prnesnco of twvo -wit;ieses, Dobsi and Liska ndL ki. The. oi on whom the lot fell wans to din by his own hand before the end :of a year."' It I£ell on minn, .nd to'inorroir is itmy last day. 'hwy sliould I not hllalo died beofor? . could talk care of my nother no aiuch tIhe longer; and I lived so.litti do aays work ing for my fortune.;i So I hivo lived-ny year, but ni o I ; Daylby day hour: byl: ' lusin, dcatlhc e ?pt t w?tloed hi; n -: .I du bind my?elf tno a bneio ":I nmst stainpi it. -all:longing for life nitillive;.: Then i'-ou amue .into my ;llfeanti: I loved yoni; .: saw heravocn rid dared iiot nitretAbh. it inf hanrid toward it ;'I sdi th higlihest blessiong oflifoholdout to me,n alhacdto dashit frome, ?my tlhirating lips. In must dio-=and yet atand boforo me the ime a of tho beaiuty, glor3, ancd blessedness of life, hoahplcssly lost to nic." : , Hins an ticsnedl, nld ha fall full length before hor, catching ia fold of her dress in his fall.' She sank hosido him, tooki himn iri her arms; andl eggedlhimni on if lbeside herself to say it was noa true;. sihe cried that sheo loved him, rld :Ihowr was it pose ,siblo for limn to die when- they could be hallppy 1 "It- is well I took the lpoisot u b.efore you caole," lihoaid at last; "niow Ishould nob lhave the couligo." His eyes did not clone again; ,but rested on heer face with an expression of unpelcak able love. She 'snn thinend was near, and neithor spokbe noinc?moved:d HIIer lips received his iat lbreath.':w The nwhole corps was at first horrlcifed at the "logitimato' suicide of abravo'coin rado; who ani hour :beforoe:his ilnoatlrhad' wvrittn; to 'tlie colodel setting forth the' reason, lbut thoy all declared he could not have dono ot0hrwise. Th To Coduntess :Elsa Arcon witlidrew' with hor oor aunt to sonio 'quiet Ithlilan baths. TI' great' world thoughtitl te countess wis aicting riobly in taliding her poor imbecile relative .:.They 'did not. know itia tln' rolative who was nuraing a dying w?m'an.m.. For whon' the o.Spring cacuno Elsa went out of lif as a flame goson out.. A nuiladie do lfaigner, said thelie : h was buried ino the sweet ItIalian' convent:whichlshe hald endowed ith liher fortuno?rind in l whieh Aunt lfonalingered out her lant:days, without a word And. witl,".at ? snilo: Trdtalated fromi the Germ ofi n/ B.: Afacao by Ieleti Lakel 