What gratis advicc is usually good for. —Nothing. Man is like a potato—never eure when he will get ''into hot water." A popular atithor was murdered lately by a reciter at a suburban concert. The nearer a lady's waist resembles a timo glass, the faster is the sand of her existence ebbingaway. Would it be correct English to call a bad man mofcvolent, or a bad woman femaU\o leht? A constable has been found on liis beat when wanted. Yes, but he was too drank to enforce the " move on" clause, even over himself. " You're always too tight for one to notice you," said a masher's pedal coverings (I mean canoes) to the unmentionables. " To say the least of it, you're very'pointed," was the .re tort. For mathematicians only.—If a baker's wages are 30s. per week, what should be the pay of a good /aa/ir, who has been bred to the profession ? Answer to be in befote ye(a)sterday. ■ . A New South Wales friend writes to say that, since the " contingent" has come back, tbe policemen have not had a ghost of i show with the Jtnrvs, 6usaus, Jaucs, etc. Nothing less than a soldier will suit a biddy now-a-days. It is said that if the elephant had the kick ing power of tbe grasshopper in proportion to bis size, Jumbo could kick a man from Liverpool to New York with one kick. This may be so ; bnt we don't believe there is one man in a hundred but would prefer to pay and travel by steamer, even though the trip did consume seven days' more time. Mrs. Winks : " It's a pretty outrage, Mr. Winks. The idea of inviting those gentlemen to dinner when you knew the house was full o£ company. Why it will make thirteen at table." Mr. Winks: "Surely you are not superstitious about that. Having thirteen at table won't worry me in tbe leaBt." Mrs. Winks: " Well, it will when you see the joint." She wore a perforated dress, The goods were very thin ; In fact, the waist and sleeves were cut To fit tight as the skin. Gawdge asked her for a parting kiss, And told her that " she must," When she replied : " Oh, Gawdge, I can't; My sleeves and ivaist'Il bust." A writer in a medical gazette gives the following lucid explanation of the pheno menon of a lady's blush : " Tbe mind com municates with the central ganglion; the latter, by index action through the brain and facial nerve, with the organic nerves in the face, with which its branches inoculate." The explanation beats Dr. Johnson's cele brated definition of network : " Anything reticulated or discussatcd at equal distanced, with interstices between the intersections." One of the Sydney contingent, on being pestered with the usual question of his ex perience in the Soudnn, and being much wearied by a constant repetition of the same old story, invariably cut the questions very short indeed. Last week he was button holed as usual, and after a long string of cross questions, was asked what he thought of the country. " Did you meet with much hospitality there?" asked the inquisitive one. "Yes," he replied, "agreat deal indeed. 1 was in the hospital the whole time." An extract from a letter from one of the fever-stricken unfortunates who returned from the Soudan is somewhat amusing in its way. After relating bis experiences at some length, and dwelling somewhat sarcastically upon the " patriotic " side of the question, he remarks :—"Well, I lcft8ydncy for the good of my country, I have been bled (by the doctor) for my country, and I think, by ap pearances, I'll soon be able to say I've die<$ for the good of my country too." ! Wc notice, in the recent billiard match at Adelaide, the biggest break ever made in Aus tralia was accomplished. Up to that time the divine Bridget, who superintends the culinary department of our magnificent domestic establishment, had achieved the best on record, and wc had grown quite used to dining off plates and dishes tastefully em bellished with IriBh breaks, but wc intend to furnish anew supply of crockery shortly, and are quite willing to wager that Grey's break of 491 will be totally eclipsed. Many people have enquired of us if we had made any observations on tbe recent earth quake. Wc did not notice it. We were at the time engaged in an energetic discussion with the wife of our bosom as to the advisa bility of promenading up and down the chamber of repose Q"), accompanied by the least and latest addition to our already numc-' rous family. Wo maintained that the oc cupation was unnecessary and inconvenient, as the fire was out and the' night cold. Our persistence was, however, in vain, and angrily wc performed the unwelcome task; and what with our quotations from the New Testa ment, and our wife's irreverent remarks on the use of bad language, and our oruclty in general, wc believe wc missed the earth quake, That there is a proper time and place to sneeze, both when it can be profitably done, is evidenced by the conduct of a young ensign, poor and friendless, of the English army. He was once attending a grand ball and stood near an immensely fat duchess, She inadvertently uttered an enormous sneeze—in fact, a snort, calculated to bring upon her the ridicule of the assembled guests. The young ensign took in the situation, re echoed the refrain, and grasping his nose aa if to throttle the sneeze rushed from the room, leaving the guests to suppose that he was the offender. The next day he received a captain's commission from the duchess's husband, with a line from the madame that 'It was an ill sneeze that did nobody any ;ood." Why docs one only see lists of new insol vents in the dailies 7 Are there no old in iolvcnts t I fancy bo, 