Divers Ways. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER XXIII. BY ONYX. MRS . CHARTERIS left Adine to herself all the next morning after Ashley's departure, and did not appear to notice the settled gloom which Adine scarcely attempted to throw off. But after lunch on the second day of her visit, when Mr. Charteris was happy and asleep, she took her young friend to task. " What is it, Adine ?" she said, coming to her land resting her hand on Adine's bright hair. Adinc turned towards her—her eyes slightly suffused with tears. She called them back bravely. She did not belong to the watery women, whoso tear fountains well up on the slightest provocation. " Bad, very bad, for ran ; for I am going away." " What do you mean, Adine? Where are you going?—to England?" 'No. My far.hrr is going to England on business : !mt h>- is going to place me with a lady he knows in Sydney—a boarding-school mistress ;" find a slight look of scorn and con tempt pawed over her pale face. It was aq ianult her father was placing on herj or at feast in that light she regarded it " What on earth is that for?" exclaimed Mrs. Charteris. "To keep me safe, and to punish me for having refused Mr. Otway,* said Adine bitterly. " I did not know then that I was so terribly in hits Way. It is clear now why he was so urgent: not for my happiness, but for his own comfort." Mrs. Charteris was silent. This news of Adine tended to confirm the truth of the rumours that had been current regarding the state of Colonel Greatorex's affairs. He may have othtr reasons too," she said, after a pautc. Adine looked up sharply. " What others ?" " I do not want to repeat gossip or to tell .you things that may pain y«u; but perhaps it will seem less hard to think that it is rather the pressure of money matters that makes him act like this than want of affection for you," •aid Mrs. Charteris very gravely. ''Why do you say that?" aaked Adine. •* Have you any reason ?' "Of course I have. I should not hint at auch a thing to you without a good reason, Adine," replied Mrs. Charteris rather severely. " I am not a mischief-maker or a gossip, am I?" which she certainly was not—for with all her liveliness and sociability Mrs. Charteris had never split upon that rock fatal to so many women's popularity. She never repeated what «he heard or saw; or discussed her friends and acquaintances, except with Godfrey. The •mount of gossip which is generated in every woman in th« course of the day's proceeding. as necessarily as food deposited in its natural receptacle generates chyle and other matters, was safely and easily got rid of by Mrs. Char teris in the morning's confabulation with her husband; and Godfrey Charteris was a safer depository of a secret than even Midas's barber. " Forgive me," said Adine. " I know lam unjust and cross and every thing that is horrible; but tell me what you mean about Sapa* He told me himself that his income was ininishtd." "Did he? Well, it is reported that your father's affairs are in a very bad way. You know that lawsuit cost an immensity of money." " I know that," said Adine slowly, " and we have Mr. Ashley to thank for it." " Not entirely. After it became dear that your father had no title, it wag sheer obstinacy to continue the struggle. You must forgive me for saying so, Adine; but we murt be fair to Mr. Ashley; and tho consequences of your father's actions press so heavily on you that I Caanot be charitable to him." Adine did not resent her friend's judgment .•■ her father; if Mrs. Charteris had known half what Adine had endured of late it would have been more severe. "It may be that."she said, after a con siderable silence; " but it would have been a food thing for me if Mr. Ashley had never come into tho neighbourhood." Mrs. Oharteris gave her a penetrating glance. What made her harp so on Mr. Ashley ? "If it had not been one person it would have been another," she said. "They aro Crowing more keen about land matters every day; and the fact of no title being forth coming for Lumeah would soon have come to light* " I really believe my father would not have minded the resumption of the land so much if the inquiry had been instituted by any other persun than Mr. Ashley. He has a most intense Abhorrence of him." " Only because he toot the man who ques tioned his right; it would have been just the aame with anyone else. You know the Oolonel is not a lover of his kind, whatever he may «ur." 'He says' he loves all men—that he knows not the word stranger,' " said Adine, absently re peating the formula that used so often to be on her father's lips. In the past times that was; of late he had never spoken on his once favourite topic or any other matter. He had not even continued his writing—he was changed in every respect Mrs. Charteris laughed, and Adine's thoughts had travelled so swiftly, and reached so far from her father's sayings, that she looked up wonderingly. " I only laugh because his words and deeds do ant tally so nearly even as people's do in geaeral, though the ordinary discrepancy is wide enough. I should have thought everyone was a stranger to Colonel Greatorex, even you, Adine. I wonder what kind of a woman his wife can have been?" Adine started. Mra. Charteris had touched a sore point. What kind of a woman could she divine from her father's words? " I have never heard about her," said Adine quietly. "I do not even know her name." Mrs. Charteris said nothing more; the ex clamation had escaped her accidentally. But ■he had often wondered whether it was on account of the mother that the child was so un loved. Even the grim repellent Colonel might have a story, after all. "We all carry some thing abnut with us," was the remark of a hard-headed man of the world, a man not to be suspected of romance or mystery. It is true enough, and if we could each know the other's secret burden our judgments might be more lenient Tout comprendre eat tout pardonnsr. M But now to come back to practical matters, Adine. Why are you to be sent to Sydney ? If your father must go away and Wicheloe be shut up, why can you not come to us ?" Adine shook her head to express her own gnorance of the reason. "Why should he object to your being happy while he is away ? Surely that could injure no one!" "I do not know, but he has decided; and when papa has once made up his mind no possible consideration will make him alter it" She did not like to say even to Mra. Charteris that she thought the fact of Mr. Otway's resi dence in Sydney had anything to do with her father's determination. Besides, she was not sure of it herself—it was a possibility, and almost the only reason she could think of for his decision. "My poor Adine, your lines have truly fallen in nard places. But cheer up, it cannot last for ever; your fathor will come back, I suppose?" " I suppose so; he said he was only going for a time to arrange his affairs." Mrs. Charteris said no more then to Adine, but she resolved that she would go herself to Colonel Greatorex and sec if she could not prevail on him to change his determination. She had great faith in her own powers of per suasion, and with reason. Towards the end of the week, to Adine's great surprise, Mrs. Charteris went ont for a ride without asking her to join her. "You must take care of Adine, Godfrey," was all the explanation or apology she deigned as 'she rode away. Mr. Charteria looked at Adine and nodded. He knew, though Adine did not, where his wife was going. The Colonel's annoyance when he heard of Mrs. Gharteris'B visit was extreme. He would have avoided seeing her if possible; but she was determined to see him. To his excuses he got the answer that she would only detain him for a few minutes, but see him she must. " I want to ask you about Adine," began Mrs. Charteris abruptly the moment he entered the room. She knew her man—the shortest way was the best way with the Colonel. " Can you not permit her to remain with us during your absence?" " No, madam," was the equally direct reply. " I do not desire that Adine should remain in this neighbourhood." "The only person you can object to her meeting in it is far enough away," said Mrs. Charteris, determined to bring matters to an issue. "My arrangements are made, madam. Ex cuse me for declining to discuss them." "Arrangements can be altered, Oolonel Greatorex. You have no right to make arrangements utterly regardless of your daughter's happiness. The Oolonel frowned angrily, but refrained from replying. "I trust you will not be inflexible in this matter. Adine's life has not been a very happy one. and it is hard that her father should need lessly make it more dreary." " Mrs. Charteris, pray spare yourself the trouble of saying more. The matter is decided, and I never argue with a woman." " Argue with a womanl" exclaimed Mrs. Charteris, impelled by anger to the vulgarity of repeating the Colonel's words. "You are polite certainly, Colonel Oreatorex ! Ido not wish to argue with you. I come simply to appeal to your affection for your daughter, to prevent her from being left to such a disagree able fate during your absence." " The fate is not disagreeable, madam : and I must be the best judge of what is good for my daughter." " The best judge! a loving father, truly, she has forjudge!" The Colonel was silent. He was white with rage, which he managed to repress with diffi culty. " It strikes me forcibly, Colonel Greatorex," continued Mrs. Charteris, now roused to such an extent that she did not care what she said, " from the manner of love you bear your child, that, despite your contempt for us women, you know, from sharp experience—and no man better—that it is we despised women who make or mar men's lives." And with this parting thrust she left the room without deigning a farewell. As far the Colonel, he stood where she had left him. The encounter had been desperate. He had come off victorious; but that last shot of his daughter's champion had gone home. Chapter XXIV. The hours pass very slowly when we are unhappy and alone; and yet day after day slips by, nothing to mark it from its dreary predecessor, and the week passes away and we wonder how the time has gone. Nevertheless, we are glad to be quit of it; ([lad to be rid of that which is our most precious heritage, of which such small portion is doled out to us that if we could out 'waken to its value we should make uttermost use of each passing precious fraction. Unlike tho wise man who said " The present only Is ours; live in it," men as a rule live in the future. Not what we have or what we ate is to be enjoyed; but what we are going to have and what we are going to be. " Man never is, but always to be, blessed," says Pope, stating incontrovertible fact in poetic language; while larger-minded Carlyle tries to make us grasp the grandeur of the* Now," "the • To-day' the confluence of two eternities, the Past and the Future." Adine Greatorex was living sadly in the past and in the future; of the present, with its dull vacuity, she took no note. There was nothing tangible to complain of in her life, except perhaps that she lived in the town when she hungered for the free unpeopled bush, but the expanse of the harbour was before her, beauti ful enough almost to compensate for the husk of trees and grass. Adine loved to look down the harbour, where she could see the water on its way oceanwards. She would have liked to drift with it—to solitude, freedom— away from the crowded wharves and quays and the bustling streets, where everyone seemed to have interests and occupation except herself. She was always alone, belonging to no one, useful to no one. Whether she lived or died— what did it matter? She would scarcely be missed out of the sordid household in which she lived; and, as for anyone else, why no one else seemed conscious even that she was still alive. Her last two letters to Mrs. Charteris had remained unanswered, and as she had no sus picion of the real cause, which was that Mrs. Charteris had never received them, she felt the slight acutely. Pride forbade her to write again. The Ohartet iscs were her only friends, and they had forgotten her. Mr. Carter and Francis Otway were the only persons con nected with her past life whom she ever saw. For Mr. Carter she had conceived a real friend ship ; he was so considerate and thoughtful for her, and Adine could see how painful it was to him to tell her when the rare letters from her father arrived that there was neither line nor word in them for her. Francis Otway had wonderfully improved since the early days at Walloon; he was less self-assured and presumptuous. His love for Adine, which not even yet had been subdued, had had an elevating influence on him. She was bis standard by which he measured every one, himself included. He called on Miss Greatorex as often as any pretext occurred, and, as he was most cautious not to show the slightest symptoms of love-making, his visits were very welcome to break the tedium of the day. But this weariness and depression told heavily on Adine. It was in vain she settled herself to her books, and her work, and her drawing; there was no interest to be found in any one of them. For what was the good of it all ? To what purpose and what end ? Even the unsympathetic Mrs. Woolner became alarmed at the change in her looks, aud proposed that she should "go to the doctor" —the panacea for all ills; but this Adine resolutely refused to do —she was not actually ill, and, what was much more to the purpose, she really was very poor, and could not afford the expense. The £50 barely covered the cost of Roany's feed mnd her own very shabby dress; and when Mrs. Gharteris, who, though a very lazy correspondent, was by no means the forgetful friend that Adine had pri vately accused of her being, arrived in Sydney, expressly to find out what had become of Adine, she was shocked at the change the fifteen months had wrought. Weakness had crept on imperceptibly, and Adine was the ghost of her former self. "You shall come back with me at once," ■aid Mrs. Gharteris peremptorily. Adine smiled feebly. She was much too thankful to protest. Busy Mrs. Gharteris hurried away to Mrs. Woolner, who tried to make some difficulty about Adine leaving her house without Mr. Garter's consent; to all of which Mrs. Gharteris listened with the utmost unconcern, and made the preparations necessary for Adine's departure without troubling even to reply. "Did you see who pawed us when we were getting out of the buggy ?" said Mr. Gharteris to bis wife when they were alone. "No; who was it?" Mrs. Gharterii asked indifferently. " Lyster Ashley. Now that is what I call ominous!" " Lyster Ashley!" repeated the wife in a tone of extreme surprise. " 1 thought he was in the Never Never country ?" " He has come back; just in time, it seems." "In time for what?" " Never mind, my dear; but it strikes me that it is not / who am dense this time." Mrs. Gharteris turned away in a pet. Of course she knew what Godfrey meant. "It is strange, certainly," she said, after a period of rumination, during which she had regained her temper. r< I must try and find out where he is to morrow," said Mr. Gharteris, seeing fair weather again. As he spoke the words Lyster Ashley was ushered into the room. " I was iust telling Mrs. Gharteris that you had passed us this afternoon," said Mr. Ghar teris, after the first expressions of welcome and surprise had been got over. "You are in splendid condition, Ashley," said Mr. Char teris in rather an envious tone, as he looked at his visitor's bronzed face and sinewy frame, unburdened with a superfluous ounce of flesh. " I should like such a trip as that myself." "You, Godfrey I" exclaimed his wife. "I admire you, I must say. Why, you lament over the hardships of a trip to Sydney fora month before you make it, and then to talk of going to the Never Never ! Where would the cigar be, and the made dishes, and those deli« cious afternoon naps V "Ha! I should be much better without them," said Godfrey philosophically. "Of course you would. I have told you so over and over again. You never believe me, and now your own sense tells you to leave them off." " But what is to take their place T " A pleasant chat with me and the children, and a ride or a drive." Godfrey laughed most impolitely. "Next time you go one of those Jaunts, you invite me, old fellow; do you hear!" he said to Ashley. " All right; bat I will not accept your com pany unless you have a written permit from the authorities. It would be* talcing a Jonah on board." Godfrey laughed. "WelL I would give something to be in your condition. Look at me!" Mr. Ashley did look at Mr. Gharteris, and so did his wife, and they both laughed, for there was a very decided development of flesh, and there was a slight double cbin coming into notice, and the hair had taken leave of the fore part of his head, which, though his wife declared it looked more intellectual, also gave an appearance of good living, good ease, and not over much hard thought. [TO BE CONTIWUBB.] 