j A LONDON LETTEE. (By a Ghost Critic.) That the age of supernatural exploit has passed away, and is being succeeded by an era of reason, or more expressly that the re-production of what is known as miracles, becomes less and less frequent in proportion to the advancement of education and learning, is an admission which, in modern times, has gained no limited ground. In ages of superstitious ignorance the most ordinary occurrences frequently grew by imaginative hearsay into tbe most startling facts — so that the further we retire into antiquity the more we find ourselves prevailed upon by fiction and myth. But a more profound cultivation of the sciences, the vast and incontestable discoveries within the various departments of knowledge, laying open, it is true, a world of wonder, yet composed of stern and impliable facts, and ever-persistent in natural sequence — have helped to balance men's minds, and to induce them to view with distrust every fantastic rendering of such ques tions in the order of things as have not yet been responded to by the results , of scientific research. But although the development of science has, in a great measure, succeeded in driving away these shadows of old, a belief in the miraculous still lingers with certain classes of men, including those who, from certain motives, have not, or dare not support the courage of their perceptions. But even here has the bracing atmosphere of our age been felt, that while a sense of duty requires the admission of the supernatural in the past, a belief in its repetition in the present is but imperfectly affirmed. There would seem an incongruity in this, which however sentiment may be permitted to justify, and which logic need not hasten to condemn. Perhaps the most consistent among the modern advocates of super natural mysticism are the Spiritualists, yet they cannot be heartily congratulated on the successful advancement of their doctrines. The marvels said to take place at their seances seem to be re garded by the general public with a feel ing of sceptic indifference. For this, no doubt, the wonderful scientific perform ances of Messrs. Maskelyne and Cook, at the Egyptian Hall, may in no small degree account, not to speak of the many actual exposures to which the capabilities of so called 'spirit media' have bean subjected. Yet adherents to the ' cause' linger, and we are from time to time reminded of fresh communications having been effeoted with the spirits of deceased members of the human guild, who in the next world appear to have developed a special pre dilection'for table-turning, spirit- rapping, slate-correspondence, and other interest ing thoagh manual occupations. Seated one night at a late hour in my silent study, I had just occupied myself with reflections of this kind, when I felt an irresistible impulse to overhaul a heap of newspapers which a few minutes before had somehow attracted my attention, and the presence of which in a dark corner of the room I could not altogether explain. Not without a touch of mingled agitation and curiosity I carefully uplifted the bundle, placed it on the table, and re nrvimiAil ttitt ftliaip. T nnened one of the newspapers and endeavored to read, but my eyes were restless and felt strangely tempted to look once more in the direc tion of the dark corner, I endeavored to resist, but my discomfort grew in propor tion to my determination. A curious ap prehension had possessed me, that if my eyes again ventured in that direction they would meet with an unpleasant surprise. I stared more firmly than ever at the print before me, yet I could no longer restrain myself— my blood turned cold, and I was on the point of — when Hooked ? there was only the dark corner. Somewhat relieved, I now succeeded in concentrating myself in some degree on the literature before me. I found that I had been for the last few minuteB vacantly investigating a heading in large prints 'Miracles performed by a Salvation Army Major at Hanley.' Good gracious ! My eye again sought the dark corner, but I corrected it this time successfully. I i * ? ? ..j.j - c- ? t- ^ttemiveiy pruueeutru : — juajui. xr., ui the Salvation Army, who professes a power of restoring the blind, the deaf and the lame, held services on Sunday in the Tontine-street Circus, Hanley. Many thousands of persons attended, including over a hundred invalids of all ages, some of whom were brought to the Circus in bath-chairs, being unable to use their lower limbs. After the ordinary service, the Major and his subalterns threw off their outer garments and descended inio the arena. A lad, who had been a cripple from an early age, was first operated upon, and while the Major vigorously rubbed the disabled limb, his followers and the congregation, at the request of the Major, engaged in prayer. They prayed earnestly and long, and finally the lad was induced to rise and walfc about a little. Before this result was brought about, the Major's followers had dispersed themselves over the hall, each detachment surrounding one of the many who had come to be healed. They prayed most vigorously, and the scene, which lasted until midnight, wag of a most exciting cliaracter. An old woman, who represented that she had been deaf for 40 years, stated that she had regained her hearing ; and a young woman, who went into the building stone- deaf, testi fied to her cure. Several persons as cended the platform and publicly affirmed their having been cured, and the congre gation joined in thanksgiving for their recoveries.' I was too impressed to attempt to suggest in my mind any solution to these strange occurrences. However, I went on to search further into the bundle, urged instinctively by a hope that some thins more elucidative mieht transpire on the subject. I was soon rewarded with a carefully detailed report of nearly a column's length. It was impossible now to entertain any doubts, yet I wondered how it was that, although I had read my papers diligently of late, I had not come over this before. So far was I, however, convinced, that when, in looking over another number, I met with some sen tences in which the subject was irre verently referred to, I hurriedly passed on, impelled by a decided feeling of resentment. My eyes had scarcely reached the next column, when I was struck, not by a Salvation Army report, but with a real and positive ghost story fiom Dublin. I thought of the dark corner, but kept my eye on the print, and proceeded with the harrowing details. These, however, I regret I am unable now to remember. There was a great deal about rapping at doors, suspected neighbors, and consequent disputations. Policemen and detectives occupied a prominent place in the afiair. There was also an actual combat with the mysterious intruder, who so far got the worst of it that a woman with a substantial hatchet severed one of its digital limbs. The chopped-off finger, which was distinctly seen to rail, it was impossible subsequently to find, to the no small disappointment of the conquerors. The whole matter i became ultimately so far- reaching and ! absorbing as to necessitate its being placed in the hands of a magistrate. Whether the evil spirit put in his appearance in the witness box I cannot say, yet somehow I believe the next-door neighbors had to be bound over to keep the peace for six months. Having read the intricate report I fell bacTt in my chair, and wiped my forehead with my handkerchief. However, I was soon again among the papers, and found myself racing through the columns of a foreign journal of far distant extraction. I ought to have recognised it easily enough, considering I was a Tegular sub scriber, but such was my present mental condition that its title, simple enough in ordinary circumstances, seemed now such a perfectly undecipherable jumble, as not in itself to appear much short of a miracle. ' Hufvadfvadsbladet ' — yes, that is how it looked, and I tried to spell it. H, d, b, f — just then I was interrupted by a distinct .hissing sound behind my back, but I heeded not, for my eye had already passed from the title to a very long correspondence, dated from Stockholm, which made my very hairs stand erect. Of what I read the following is the pur port. ' February 5, 1885. — Mr S. despite his previous cold reception, gathered courage and held another magnetic seance in the auditory of the Technic School in this city. About 200 persons were present. Having presented himself, Mr S. requested that a number of young ladies and gentle men might be good enough to assist iu the capacity of ' mediums.' Sixteen of the audience advanced. After some preli minary experiments, only a few of tbe applicants were found to be susceptible of Mr S.'s magnetism ; and these, all about the age of 16, had by this time relapsed into a profound sleep, reclining in the seats into which they had in the first instance been invited. Mr S. now began his experiments. One of the somnolent males, was requested to open his mouth. To this he instantly responded. One of the audience was next invited to tell the medium to close it. The latter attempted, but without suc cess. Mr S. then passed his fingers over the face of the medium, and the request was at once obeyed. A broom was then placed in the hands of the lad with orders to sweep the floor — a vulgar experiment, by the way. The sweeping was imme diately performed, It seemed as if a life less image were being induced into motion by some invisible extraneous power. The same experiment was next gone through with one of the girls — a 14 year ling of a weak and invalided appearance. Next she was 'magnitised' to the floor where she stood, and was requested by one of the audience to walk. Impossible. She made strenuous efforts, but in vain. Mr S. at length dissolved the magnetic bond, whereon she walked with consider able freedom and aotivity. Mr S. next exhibited his magnetic power in a still more impressive manner. He extended his fingers towards the girl's face; and retiring backwards caused the girl mechanically to follow him. She imitated precisely each of his movements. He retired faster and faster until at last he ran. Still the girl followed him with great precision, and at the same distance, imitating his motions. It was a ghastly sight not easily forgotten. As this girl, alike with the others who were afterwards put through the same experiment, ap peared to suffer considerably from the magnetic influence, breathing heavily, and turning perfectly colorless, it was thought prudent to release them earlier than the rest from the mysterious power. Further experiments were performed, during which Mr S. manifested his per fect command over the media through the agency of his magnetism. They were prompted into a variety of acts, such as singing, replying to questions—down to running on all fours, and barking like dogs — performances, however astonishing in themselves, yet soarcely in harmony with the spirit due on suoh an occasion. ' Next time I will give still more ex traordinary proofs of the magnetic power,' said Mr S. at the end of the seance. I I felt a cold shudder, and heard a crackling sound in thefirfaplace. The fire had gone quite out, and there was scarcely any oil left tn the lamp. The dark corner looked more sullen than ever. I felt an extraordinary heaviness, too, in my eyelids. A drowsiness crept over me, and at last I could see nothing but the girl running in vacant pursuit of Mr S. Sud denly I felt myself the dreaded touch of his hand. I struggled hard against its terrible influence, but Mr S. conquered, and all became— a blank. The next morning, at an unusual hour, I gave strict orders to my attendant that no bundles of odd newspapers should again be left about in my study over night time. 