_________ _ --L THE FAIRY STAR. A'STORY OF OLDEN SAWDUST LIFE. : :: (TV itten fo-. the Niew Yo.rk CGl)per,, :· ... by " Mnecnosyne.") '1;. Y.Es, the sun has galloped round the :::ring of the years a gooi many times ;`: since the season I waswith "The Grand :."'.Occidental," ' said the old clown as I came upon him sitting at his door-step one evening, and musingly smoking his pipe. 'Never heard of it? Well, it ought to have been called "The Grand Accidental' for a fact." 'Not a fortunate concern, I judge ?' 'Fortunate? Whew! Bad luck struck us at the very first stand, and kept following us until everything went up in a balloon.' 'A long and serious list of disas ters ?' 'I should remark there was; what with sick and dying performers and stock, tents blowing down, thin audi ences, fires, floods, and-well, the red flag of the Sheriff--and no more chance of winning against the odds than there is of turning a triple summersault.' 'You think that impossible ?' 'I don't think-I knaowm-though I have heard of a good many fools break ing. their necks trying to do one fairly.' ' .. - There must have been a special ../ cause for so unusual a chapter of acci :' . dents as you mention ?' . OChapter? It was a whole volume. But the cause of causes was the cholera' ' Cholera !' 'Yes; everyone in the biz then had Sgood reason to remember the black year .of 49, when Death was riding around on his skeleton steed, waving shrouds for badners, and none to dispute his •title of King. 'Not pleasant reflections.' ' Bitter; and I havu't thought of those days in a long time-never like to do so-wouldn't now but one of the kids happened to dig out an old play bill to-day with the name of "'The Modern Bercules" on it in big letters, and just now that bright star yonder ,flashed out.' '" 'I fail to see the connection. The "Hercules" was, I presume, the " strong man" of the concern ?' 'Don't catch on? Exactly; tossed .up fifty-sixes, bent bars of iron over his ' naked arm, juggled with cannon- balls, ::: .and all that sort of performance.' 'What has that to do with the bright ' :star?' 'What's Hecuba to him or he to Hecuba? Bright? Right you are. She was bright, and no mistake.' It is a woman, then, you are talking about ?' S?Yes, one that was a woman, sir; but, rest her soul, she's dead. Thought I was trying to connect the twinklers 'of the heavens with the Samson of the s:: - awdust ring? That would have been a go ! No, it wasn't a woman, either only a girl that.rode a-single-horse act. The Fairy Star? Yes: Pretty name, : .wasn't it? Well, she deserved it, for, -· she was pretty as a picture. -Young? About adozen years. Look lihe ? I aren't much on description, but she had : .skin as white as the feathers of an oi':strich, hair like yellow floss silk, and \--it hung down below her waist-eyes :- blacker than the blackest tiger. No, they aren't common. A little slight figure, plump as a partridge, red lips and cheeks, and a cunning wee mouth that always made me think of a rose bud just ready to open.' 'You are getting poetical, Mr. Mer :: . ryman,' I laughingly suggested. 'Slightly,' he answered, with a dis concerted cough; ' but one can'talways be talking shop. Even the illustrious William didn't. But there I go again, Sbolting? right out of the dressing-room into the ring before my act is on.' S'And forgetting the Fairy Star.' 'I can never do that,' he answered impressivcly, 'while memory holds a seat in this distracted globe- never !' 'There must have been an uncom '' . mon reason for you thus to remember :.' one among the many with whomn you : have beeu associated.' : ' There was, and for once I'll ride :: the principal act first and not keep you "" ,waiting for a lot of flip-flaps. Seen '--havn't you ?-a little, tiny dog in a. cage with a big lion, and how the greater brute loved and petted the lesser one? Yes? Well, that was just the way with Hercules and the Fairy.Btar. Did I tellyou lhe was a mountain of bone and muscle? He Swas, and had the vile temper of a lyena when crossed. Dangerous? That's drawing it exceedingly mild, especially when anything went wroug or he was in his cups. Ever happen to get eight of an elephant smashing everything in its way? That, was Hercules.' 'Not a very pleasant companion.' 'No; but he had his good pointe never saw a man, no matter how bad, but "Heaven -left some remnant of the angel still"'--no, that's not Shake spere, though it's almost good enough to be-hid .way in his heart. So was it with Hercules. Generally as rough as a bear and savage as a hungry tiger, yet he was gentle as any sucking dove to the Fairy Star. I've seen her go to him when in his tantrums and threatening to knock the brains out of everybody around, and lay her little mite of a hand upon his arm, and he would quiet down and be led away likre Mlary's little lamb. Queer ani mals we are; anyhow. I've done a tlhousand things I couldn't account for any more than I can for an elephant's always stepping on the same plauks in coming out of a barn it did in going in. Fact? Of course it is. Know it ? As well as I k]now I'm living, for I have marked them.' 'You keep drifting from the story.' 'Just as a four-horse rider lets the middle pair loose to dash ahead. But they always come back to the same place, don't they ? Well, I'm in the ring again, and if you follow me close with the whip I may possibly jump all the hurdles without stumbling. I don't know why it was, but every acci dent we had made Jercules worse. Frightened at the cholera? I think he was-everybody was. Brandy a preventive and cure? I don't believe it. He thought so? Acted like it, anyway, and I often expected to see his skull smashed when catching the heavy cannon-balis on his neck. Sham? Not a bit of it. Strongmen used to come in the ring thinking so, and sneak out again amid roars of laughter at not being able to handle them ?' M'ost time for the whip, Mr. Merryman.' '?Yes; I changed feet like an un broken horse, that's a fact. But here I go again all right. With one-day stands we got along pretty well and kept ahead of the black death until after we crossed the Mississippi. Then it tookl us into camp. Many die? Several, and the rest hadn't the heart to show, but had to go for grub. Didn't ever think of that? Audiences never do, though a man may be wear ing crape on his heart even while he has a smirk on his face. They pay for fun, and grumble when they don't gbt it. Natural? That don't makle it any more easy, and I'll be blessed if--- '.Look sharp or you'll be- ' ' I know, and will take a pull at the curb. Strange disease, that cholera. Had it? I should surmise. I had the regular, double and twisted back action kind. No, I won't talk about myself, and yet, in justice to my biz, you might remember the words of William, the sublime, 'I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad.' The Fairy Star? I'm coming to her. As the troop thinned out, she and Her cules became the main attraction, all but-yes, I have always been too modest-ahem! Then the poor child was taken with the cholera. Every thing done for her? You never said a truer thing. Any of us would have gladly taken hzr place. Queer, isn't it, how the good have to suffer, while the bad live and have a high oldtime ? I never gave much thought to such things then,. but have since, and the well df what the parsons call Provi dence is too deep for me to see the bottom.' 'YYou are getting off again, Mr Merryman ' 'Running wild? Can't keep it don't have any ring-boards now, and -no matter. The Fairy Star was riding her act, and yours truly doing his best to amuse the gods of the pit, when she gave a scream and half fell from her horse. Taken suddenly? Most likely. Poor little darling! She had no more strength to fight such a disease than a dove has to fight an anaconda. Seen them put into the cage? Of course I have, and it's devilish. Well, it crushed her all the same, and wasn't very long before the brightest star was blotted out from our sky. Another born above? Some folks think so. She died at night, and the next morning Hercules looked like an old man. I never before saw such a change. He had watched by the little dead body all through the dark hours with his eyes fixed upon the blue, pinched-up face thatlooked as if the dust of ashes had been sifted over it. Drink ? Not a single drop. When I saw how he was suffering I offered him some, but he crushed the glass, never minding how it cut his fingers, nnd answered in the most hol low, hoarse and ghastly whisper: 'No ! SJe asked me not to drink, and I won't.'' 'A sensible resolution.' 'Yes; many a man would be wiser if he did the same-and kept it. I wish you could have seen that funeral. Many go to it? Scarcely half a dozen. Hearse and white plumes and flowers ? Not much. Hercules carried the little coffin in his arms-would do it-and the few who dared followed. Services art thegrave? Yes. Who did it? I can't remember his name-but a man, I swear, a man ! He didn t think the poor little Star was a heatlhen and an utcast'because shebelonged toacircus May the Lord forever bless him!' 'The feeling you speak of is not uncommon, especially in uneducated communities.' 'As if she could have ever done any wrong, or committed any sin. Angel, pure and good, she was, and is weer ing shining robes, or the "suffer little children" is as meaningless as the jingle of a clown's bells. Do you hiuk the good Lord asked whether she wore spangles and danced on sawdust when her little white soul reached the golden gate ? Heaven help us if she needed forgiveness. Well, woll, hfe is a riddle and death a mystery. Her cules ? I never heard such a sob and groan as when the dirt fell on that coffin. Hollow? It is fuarful; heart breaking, the most terrible sound of earth, and makes the strongest-nerved man as weak as a sick woman. It broke Hercules all up; did all of us. We wiped from our eyes the"" drops that sacred pity has engendered" Shakespeare? Yes, and turned away, but Hercules would not come-fairly had to drag him, and he never was the same man' again- had the kind of a nature that breaks all to pieces. D'rink? Never. Save his money? Every cent. What for? Never told, but we judged it was to put a stone over the grave of the Fairy Star. Do it? No; didn't live long enough. Cholera? The worst kind-nothing but a wreck left in a couple of days said he was gaing to die from the first, and wanted to. Suffer ? Ever see a genuine case of cholera and ask such a question ?' 'I know the agony is beyond de scription.' 'You don't know anything about it if you never have had it. It is burn ing, freezing, twisting, tearing, all in a breath-is dying a thousand times over every minute-is having a ring of flaming fire and a hundred horses with red- hot shoes galloping round within you-is having the sharp claws of tigers ripping, the teeth of lions rend ing and the fangs of serpents stinging -is- try it once and see !' 'I have no desire,' I replied, vainly endeavouring to suppress a smile at his earnestness. 'I pray heaven you never may would not wish the curse to fall on my worst enemy. Hercules? He was taken so bad he never lef~ the canvas alive, and died on the straw in the dressing-tent. Doctor? Yes; but as if they could do anything when the after-piece of life was being played, and the heart making its last run to slow music. Say? Not much, until death was dropping the curtain. Then he became easier, and his inind seemed to wander. Kneeling down close to him I hoard him mutter some thing about his biz, and then-I won der if a man's strength don't all come back just before one gives up the ghost ?' 'A very great change often occurs.' 'So? Well, it was the case then, anyhow. Hercules got up, walked to the canvas, pulled it open, and looked out. Night? Yes. Bis face was that of a corpse, but suddenly he turned and exclaimed joyously, " See! See! The Star! There! There! Look, pards, she is watching for me, and-" Then he reeled and fell back ward, dead. If I hadn't seen, I never would have believed it, and say-it was the Fairy Star, you know, he was thinking of-do you believe he saw her face in the shining light above, and that it was true she was waiting for him in the grand, blue tent above, the "brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire," as my lord Hamlet picturedit ?' Tohave answered would have opened too wide a field for discussion, and to change the subject I asked: 'What became of the circus ?' 'It went to everlasting smash soon after, and--well, may I have as sweet a little angel as the Fairy Star waiting for me when I am called to play my part in the ring of eternity. Hope you'll find me a more merry man in fact as well as name the next time; but, when one plays the grave-digger in the fields of memory, what can he expect but dust and ashes ? Yes, I'm going in, for, see, my bright particular star has gone down. Goad-night!' 