Flemington Training Notes. {PBOM 'MiBTlSUiXE.') j£eleot7hbi;. Saturday. — The morning 'broke very bois teronfi, consequently, trainers did not put in an early ap pearance. About the £rit out was Middlemarch, ?who did useful' work on the' tan, where old Commotion was also treated to strong work, ine first interesting work was a, mile between Tarpea and Iiavington. Tbe former had a lot' the 'better of it in excellent time. Trenton and St. Lawrence galloped a similar distance, waen theKeir Zealander showed a clean pair of heels to the 'Victorian m linui'48*eec. Kit If Tibbies defeated Tissue in a moderate once round. Prince Imperial and Lord Wilton, were com panions for a mile and a half. Both finished well to gether. ? The on --e round was covered in 2min 34see, and the last mile in lmin 52sec. Sardine, looking blooming, put in a couple of miles at a sound pace. The Israelit-e could not ask Signor to gallop at the end of a once round. The former goes very well. The next Tisitors were Tom Brown and Coronet. This pair were watched Tery closely, and those who paid, attention were rewarded for their trouble by witnessing the best performance yet seen at Flemington. From the start to the finish Coronet was completely outpaced. Tom Brown ran once round in 2mm 31|sec, and the mile and a holt in 2min 43sec. He ie in great form, and gallops is grand style. This has completely upset the touts here; but my opinion is that anything that can't go Tovmd the track in 2min 30sec 'has not the ghost of a show with our horses. I would lite to see Folly give them a treat. XTralla moved vigorously over ?a once round at half pace, -with a strong finish* Savensworth, Lesbia, Boyal Maid. The Agent, Agitation, St. John, Country Boy, Off Color, First Prince, and others did similar -work. Gratitude put in a splendid mile and a half, rah once round in 2min 32sec, and finished home strongly. Comet ran a sound mile, and Crossfire and' Yellow Jacket put in a, useful half mile Great attention was paid to Ivordenfeldt and Despot in a mile and a half, in which both did Trell, running the dis tance1 in 2.52. People here are very unsettled about Nor denfeldt, and yesterday afternooa there was a strong ruiuor that he was a most unlikely staxter for the Derby, the opinion being that his owner will n with one of his own breeding it he cm. Should Slonte Christo win easily to-day, I folly believe that Uordenfeldt ?will go out. Honey&ew; -was treated to a useful once round, which he covered in tlie easiest possible manner iu £min 34sec. His stable companion, Lord Exeter took four seconds longer, and completed his mile and a half in 2miu 5lsec. 'While cantering yesterday afternoon the Wizard scumbled and broke his shoulder, and was shot immediately. The post-mortem examination JouHelene ehoxred that she bad. ruptured an artery near the ieart, and the blood had thoroughly choked that organ. Bob Cooper, who is very fresh, got away with tbe boy, yesterday, and threw the lad against the wall of the sheds, but he was not seriously injured. There is little or so change in the betting. 