THE VENERABLE 0AED1NAL NEW MAN PREACHING AGAIN. The groaetst English worker and writer of the day is again lifting up his voice, at the age of 84,in defence of the Church. His Eminence Cardinal Newman was present at the service in the Oratory Church on 'Good Friday morniug. The venerable Prelate attended also at the devotions of the Stations of the Cross iu the evening, and from the pulpit read at each, station from M'SS. a short meditation. OnEaoter Sun day High Ma:ia was celebrated at the Oratory Church, the celebrant being the Rev. T. A. Pope, assisted by Deacon, Sub-Deacon, and Master of Ceremonies. His Eminence Cardinal Newman was also present, and was attended at the throne by the Revs. M. P. Neville and F. Morgan. The sermon, which occupied thirty firfl minntofl in i.hft Aalivsrv. was Dreached bv his Eminence, who, notwithstanding his great age, looked remarkably well. Concluding his discourse, the illustrious scholar said : — They knew that those who were, not. Catholics had been struck by : the wonderful ways by which the Church triumphed at all times over the enemy. Christianity was hardly victor over the Roman Empire when the barbarians came from the east and north and undid all that had been done, so that it had to be begun again, and thus they had gone on meeting one enemy after an other, and the Church had always triumphed. The Chnrch was always in warfare militant against the world, the flesh, and the devil. On the Continent of Europe at the present time there was a great outpouring and uprising of evil against the Church, and they who saw it were tempted to think that it was a proof that the Church was coming to pieces, but it had been so in every age. Then, again, it was quite true that there had been rulers of the Church like Nicholas, one of the Seven Deacons, who had brought dishonour and unquiet into it, and there would always be such. But these were accidents, and the Church continued to prosper, just as Chriot triumphed when the chief priests thought they had prevented His Resurrection. What a triumph that was after our Lord had chosen to be put to death in such a horrible way. It was a great ruercy that they had been rightly baptized in the Name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. They wero born in the state of sin, but Almighty God had been merciful to them, and hud ahovverod His graces upon them by the Sacraments. He hoped, therefore, that they would i'emember those things, and boa? in mind that though the word of man lasted bat £0? a time, the Word of God endureth for ever. 