Amusements. Raw Opera House.— On Saturday evening Back ato«e'8 good old-fashioned comedy ' Married Life' ?was revived at this theatre. It is familiar to all pl&v-; ffoers. and is' one of those works which mark tlie transition Btagejot comedy between trie nmnara jn of the old school and the smartness and €un of tbe present day. Consequently it requires both caretnl ?and finished, acting, and on Saturday night the production was ? more distinguished by care than by finish. The five oddly but well-contrasted couples were impersonated by Mr. Joyce and Mrs. Palmer, Sir. Douglas and Miss De Valence, Mr. Graven and Miss Horfcon, Mr. faea grave and Miss Gwyime, and ilr. Philip Day and Miss Mainwaring, as the Coddles, Lynxes, Young husbands, Dismals, and Doves. Little fault can be j found with the individual merits of tbe company, and the weakness was only in the direction already alluded to, which surely could be remedied The comedy will be rcpeated«very evening until Saturday, when Mr. Lnsecmbe Searelle's comic opera, 'Isidora,' is to be produced tor the first time in Sydney. The Kendall Memorial Concekt.— The Ken dall Memorial concert, which took place in the largo ihall of the Sydney University, on Saturday night, though largely attended was not so crowded as we expected it would be, for the hall would have held a food many more persons than were in it. Consider ing the distance of the University from the city, and the size of the hall, however, it may reasonably be said there was a large audience. The committee bad made excellent arrangements, and the result was that the -subscribers, as they arrived, were soon com fortably seated. Mrs. Kendall, the poet's widow, and her son, were present, and they were shown to a seat by Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A.. close to the space allotted for the vice- regal party. The first number on the programme was a transcription of the over ture to ' William Tell,' which was played by the transcriber, Mr. Isidore Lnckstone. The wellborn, but spirited march, in the overture, rolled out from under the player's fingers, burdening the air with martial melody and winning lzrach : Applause from the audience. This was followed by the charming »ria, ' Softly Falls the Voice of Evenr ing,' from Der Freischutz, sung by Miss H. B. Downing, and an aria from Don Juan, sung by Mr. Rudolph Himmer, both singers acquitting themselves satisfactorily. This prepared the way for the gem of the programme, namely, Beethoven's violin concerto, a work which none but first- class violinists ever attempt to play, on account of the many difficulties which it involves. Those passages, however, which Are difEoult to others, presented no difficulty^ to Bemenvi, and hence the lovers of classical music 'had an opportunity of hearing a great work performed by a great player who ?was competent to do full justice to its merits. All sorts of passages abound in the concerto, passages in Arpeggios, quaint passages celestial and also common-place melodies, along with passages of crabbed double-stopping, and they were all per formed with a degree of tasts and ease which showed the player to be master of the music as well as master of the fiddle., The elesy on Kendall in the second part or the programme was chiefly in double stops, and was pervaded by a dreamy sadness which harmonised with tbe professed object for which it was written. The Dead March in 'Saul' was so varied — not exactly ad infinitum, but ?within a shade of being so — that if the ghost of Handel could have listened to the music he would scarcely have recognised nis own. tune. Being encored enthusiastically Eemenyi responded with tha 'Last Eose of Summer.' which he varied in a very original and beautiful way, chiefly in double stops. He also performed 'The Witche's Dance,' by Paganini, a wild weird composition, in which tech nical difficulties abound, but as the only witches pre . sent were of the white variety, and altogether unac quainted with broomstick drill, so there was no one to dance to the mnsic. The piece is a splendid specimen of musical gymnastics, and it was splendidly performed. After the first few bars of the Australa sian, a, bvmn. had bean wlaved. a string broke. and then Mr. Luckstono played the pianoforte version of the composition to the end. Miss 'H. B. Downing sang a lullaby in the second part of the programme ; and being encored she substituted the old Scotch song of ' Annie Laurie,' which she sang most sweetly and with fine effect. Mr. F. J. Halliwell sang Gounod's 'Nazareth,' and was accompanied in a masterly style by Mr. C. Huenerbein ; and Mr. Lcekstone played the accom paniments to the other concerted numbers of the ; programme. The Eemenyi concert last night at the Old Masonic Hall was fairly, though not numerously, attended; but the maiority of those wresent were musical people, who could appreciate and enjoy the q^and 'music which flowed in sparkling streams of sound .?from Eemenyi's violin. Mr. Isidore Xmckstone played Liszt's transcription of the Faust Waltz, and an adagio cantabile and rondo from Beethoven's Sonata Pathetique, in the latter of which he displayed both taste and skill. He was much, applauded, 'and encored. Mis3 Downing sang an air from Verdi's Aida, which very strikingly showed the change which has taken place in the Italian com . posers style, more especially if the piece be compared with the beautiful and ear catching melodies in 'Trovatore,' 'Traviata,' ' Ernani,' &.C. In the second, part of the programme she sang a serenade by Gounod, and fairly won a recall and an oration of ? applause. Mr. Himmer sang 'Adelaide,' the only one of Beethoven's one hundred or more songs, which , has become popular among English Epeaking com munities, and he sang it well, and was much -applauded. He also sang ' Kathleen Mavourneen,' and did fair justice to the plaintive melody. The attraction of the evening was, of course, the great .Hungarian and his fiddle. He played Goddard's ?Concerto Eomantiqne in its entirety, Weber's 'In- vitation a la Valse,' 'transcribed for the violin by the player), a caprice bv Paganini, aT-d some other nieces in response to most enthusiastic encores: and in each case he charmed bis hearers with, a dis play of skill which proclaimed him to be as artist of the first-class, worthy of all the encomiums which have been showered upon him by the press of all countries. His transcription of Weber's work, &b; performed by the transcriber, -was as celestial a piece of music as we ever listened to. A machine could be made, and indeed has been made, ? to produce harmonies, pizzicator gymnastics, and rapid movements in endless combinations : but to play a piece like that under notice as I&emenyi; played it there must be the soul of a Eemecyito guide the bow and animate the fingers. Among all tbe acoustic jewels of the programme this one shone as a gem of the unrest lustre. Tim last concert of the season will be given to-night, on. which occasion we understand there is to be a presentation to the artist. New Masoihc Hall.— On Sunday evening a con cert of Bacred music was given in the New Masonic Hall, which was very numerously attended. The first number on the programme was a quartette for the strings by Schumann, which was capitally played by Messrs. WiUimoff, Ooleman, Bice, and Patek. Gounod's Ave Maria was played with marvellous pathos, the violin obligate by M. de WillimofE, and the voice part on the cello by Herr Patek, with organ and piano accompaniments. It was a most delight ful number, and was appreciated by every one present. The vocalists were Mr. T. Bainford. Mr. W. F. Baker, Mr. ArHrar Eodney, Mr. Bentley, Mr. A. Whitwortli, and Messrs. Hiebam and. Reid. A fantasia on national airs was splendidly performed by M. tie Willimoff, who was spiritedly accompanied by Mr. Allprees. Being most enthusiastically and ?persistently encored, he responded by playing a well known American air with such extraordinary varia tions that none bat a master of the fiddle could per ' form. Th-*re is no use in denying the fact -that M. de Willimoff is an .artist, and ranks' along with the high-class players' who have visited our city. Mr. L. . Moonen rendered «ssential service as orgamst. The concert on the whole was of a high-class Character, and worthy of extensive -patronage. It is intended to continue these concerts on Sunday evenings. German Chttbch Conctbt. — On the evening of August 12, Mademoiselle If aegueli gave at the Pro testant Hall a concert for the benefit of the German -Chorea. The opening and closing pieces were ren ' dered by the band of the German man-of-war Marie. Another attraction of the concert was the Ringing o£ -the glees by the German Glee Club, which, with the grand recitation of ' Alexander's -Feast by Dryden,*' by Mr. John Convert, greatly delighted the large audience. To the pupils of Mademoiselle Naegneli, fell the greatest portion of the programme. The ''Gloria in Excelais' for thirty-sis, hands, aud the ' Marclie anx Thambeaux' for twenty-four hands, were played in excellent time and with great preci sion and vigor. The grand duo conoortant for 'two pUnoa, was rendered in a brilliant, finished style, the two young performers displaying great taste and talent. The fair performer of the concert 'Stack' by Weber, - and Beethoven's 'Grand Sonata, Quasi Fantasia./' op. 27, : simply as tonished the audience. Her playing is remark abld^for delicacy of -touch, rapidity of execution, and exquisite rendering of the most expressive passages. The ' Hosarenritt' dno for two pianos. Hie 'Fairy Queen Gallop,' quartette for twopienos, andthe 'Jnbel Overture,' quartette with ''GodSare the Qoeen,' were likewise a grand success. ' And lastly we mast specially notice, ihe tinging -ot ' Softly Signs, from the Frevschatz, by ft young Ifedy amateur, who to a hearty encore gave '♦ The Image of the Bone.' , Federal Misstrels. — Encouraged hy nearly twelve month* of ' continued - success, Bir. F. ? E. Biihtt8' nas started on a fresh season. He has re norated the Academyjof Music throughout, *od *o completely inyrored the pl«» that it is hardly re ;-sogmaaU0 In onerceepeet he has failed— thoojfh .throojdi co'ianlt of his otm-rhe naS not uudceeded jia making it large .epongn. -,:.?$&& sight itwasint mottibU-JorJbot -*ho arrived ;? * little txrfors Sgo'clock &\- obfcwa «ittine room ; and for the time r* t^snrtain'isPHi -iat meta 'M,' so welcome to a ' i -a — ? +-^«» to a treasurer, who manager's ears, and *»*rylIlSI of indiarnbber, was wishes that the house Remade ^ven^nt^^ inscribed at flie entrance. The u She entertainment accommodation is remarkable, ana. n^ ^ -s OTcej. is Eood throughout— in some pla ' t ^ , iU_ lent. Sir. Horace Bent. was absa. ,U8t ^° made ness, and therefore allowance n. ^ g ? j® for certain deficiencies, -because .'^a absence a host in himself. Mr. Moynham, m ta^ata«we, was one of the corner men as Bones, ani ««i ^ togrt, Mr. Cashman being the other as ?nambo. J?™™* part of the programme Mr. Dnnbar's render ing pf tho well-known muleteer's song from the ^o|« ? «t Castile ' was the most sucoaBsful number, s«d [ w-^i deserved its encore. Then, in ihc E^.0^.^ Brinley Richards's pretty quartetto Let th« iuJJfi Eesou^d' wasexcelfentlyBumr. Mer.srs. f^^f nr« ? v«m \,aA n V-r.T).)l»nf nonacalitiea , and Mr. *V. a. Waraer was admirable in his ^'^*eeJ^Sl. But the feature of .^he evening certainly was ttie reappearance of Mr. Leon, 'the only Leon. He is as accomplished as ever, aod, if anr-hmg, has im proved since his last visit to Sydney. His ™£e-np was perfect, and bis voice m good as ever _; the as sumption of the female character, which is his speciality, was jso deceptive that more than a ^few of the audience injected their programs owefoByto see whether they' we not bem,e hoaxed. Ob applause was incess.wt dorine; the evening, and alto gether the new combination which 3Sfr. HiscockB ;h*s brought about may be pronounced ^decidedj success. TnT»™» Eotat -— lolanthe continues as grearaBTaUraCti°ont8«er at the BoyaL and [general regret is expressed that LL- has so soon to be with drawn to make way forth^e author and actor, Dion B°GUSETrt-THEATEE.-«T^ ^^^sSce at the Gaiety has been ^^83,^^ full houses since its first presentation, and each ,nteM ^ »P^™!_ *? gain in popularity. On Saturday; -tVere waa aSama crowded attendance. iTr ,, _j__ People's C'ONCEETS.-Tho Protest nt.H^1' ™°f the maBagement of Mr. Cottier, has atfa. ^ed a P°?n: larity that is apparent from the rest ^™™° houses which are drawn to the hall each Saturday and Monday night. Every week some nova. ltT » «'- troduoed in addition to the regular progra. mme OI minstrelsy, dancing, and amusing farces. iQ™.o Alhambba Music Hall.— There was a .la*z? attendance at this now favorite place o£ amuses en^ on Saturday night. Mr. and Mrs. E. A.Harta\'a Miss Louisa Hart were very successful m m- Wife's Eelations.' The Alhambra Variety Company^ followed, and contributed a number of comic songs, pedestal dances, and a ecena, ' Money Matters,' which were enthusiasticully received. An amusing farce, ' The Baby Elephant,' terminated the enter tainment. . The Old Masonic Hall.— The entertainment by Millis, the ventriloquist, was well attended during the afternoon and evenina: performances. Sib Joseph Banks Pavilion.— A sacred and classical concert was given at this favorite place on Sunday afternoon. A very choice programme was i rendered, amongst the items being the following i ballads and songs :— ' Spirit of Spring,' ' The Press jGang,' 'The Slavechase,' and 'The Gallants of i England.' . . ] Feee Couceet. — A free concert was held in Mr. i J. H. Ferguson's Lord Nelson Hotel, Miller's Point, ! on Saturday night. Mr. J. H. Ferguson presided, j and there was a large and appreciative audieifce I present. A good programme of songs and ste# j dances was gone through. Mr. Ferguson's object in i havine the concerts is to provide amusement for the ! wharf laborers, coal lumpers, &c.;, who reside in the locality. Nobth Shoee Popular Co^cERTS.—The nrst of a series of popular concerts took place in the Masonic Hall, Walker-street, St. Leonards, on Saturday night. Mr. J. E. Ives, MX A., presided. Mrs. Kingdom presided at the pianoforte in first class style. Songs, &c;, were rendered by ladies and gentlemen who reside on the Shore, and were well appreciated. At the conclusion of the evening's entertainment a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman. Several well known residents of the Shore have interested them selves in the movement, and do not wish to derive any profit from the entertainments, their object being simply to provide amusement for the rising population of the district. ' 