ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ; ' ??'? '. (By The G-hobt;) ' ;n : -?: : The most recent cablegram in connection with the .Soudan business is that the offers: of an Australian contingent, will ,be acr cepted by the home' authorities; if renewed in.the autumn. . ; That they- will then: not be again proferred requires , no. great gift of prophecy to t-e able to foretell.; The cold water, pumped upon , our patriotism by Pownirig-street and the Horse Guards, has enecsuauy quencnoa tne muiLary araour that Mr. Dalley's action kindled into a' blaze, and even the' enthusiasm of'Mr. Ser vice has been' damped; His characteristic and national ? caution has coirie to his aid, and the Victorian- Premier has during his past week's retirement at Sorrento, appa rently realised the fact that ?' discretion is the better part' of valour;': thus: antici pating the prevalent feeling that pervades the soldiering part of the colony, now that, time has enabled our -would-be warriors to , count the cost at which their laurels would have to be -won., , 'When Parliament meets, to consider the propriety of renewing the Victorian offer of help to the old country, our patriotism will — like the courage |of Bob Acres— -have oozed' out at our fingers' ends, and' almost to a man the people's representatives will resolve that the posi tion of affairs in regard to' possible Euro pean ' complications ? has changed so mate rially, that there is- a chance erelong of every Australian being wanted on the spot, to defend what.Mr. Berx'y terms his 'earth and 'pine.' ., But even should- the political horizon , become, clearer than '.it now is— ? Bismarck alter his. .bullying tone, ? and- the.. Eiissian bear slink away before the, roar of the British lion— there. is riot, the 're- m'otest chance ' of- ' Parliament ever sane-: . tioniiig the despatch of troops to, Siiakiri:' To permit the departure from 'oiir shores' of a thousand or so'of iria'rriageable young meri' — to say ' nothing of; ' those' ] who ' ' have1 already become' benedicts— would -'.be '-''.in? the eyes of ithe fair' sex ?? an 'unpardonable offence ; and although' the 'ladies- of Vic-, torja do not yet, despite the -efforts ; of !Mr. Sliiels, possess the electoral franchise, fhey are here as elsewhere a power in the house-! hold, and- both the . Premier and the phief Seoretary are such well-known -ff squires of . dames,' that they ;will assuredly do noth ing to .offend or cause' inconvenience i to ' theibotter half of ?creation.' .-Arid: ' if Parliamerit does not ' 'sanction , the sending' away of bone 'and sinew,',' still , less v will1, it look with a1 favourable' eye on^the i proposal to send cash to help the ' grand ^old man;' out!bftKe'touddle into which1 he- has' got. i i..tn.ji V'-1'11-' ???? :il|i'(' '--' .?.!;?: Mvilij-. Ij.i himself and the country over whose des tinies he unfortunately presides. To bor-. row money biic yearV ., and give, it back* na a, 'frea :? gift to the :loudoi' the* next, is' a somo\yhat ridiculous pro ceeding, aud one which noiio but tho brain of a flnangier;: like Mr. Mirams could possibly have evolved. In rogard to tho offer of money it is ruuiouied that tho .first, in tention of the lion, mouiber for Colling wood was to offer a thousand contributing scrip in' tho Mont do -Picte Company as the 'nucleus' of a patriotic' fund^ but .that' ho (withdrew tho offer on learning that Mr. Vox, 'as Chairman of the Lunacy Commission, had been considering the propriety; of making arrangements i in order to add. to the ac commodation now available in the, various asylums, as his contribution towards carry ing out the objects, of tho Soudan cam ?paign. : . ?''' ' ?;, ' ? ',''?' I No need, is 'there' for the Victorian Ipppulace . to rais'6 tlie cry of 'Pcincm' at icirclnscs. A paternal. government provides' ?both,, and what is- -'more,', needs' no asking; iA; few days since a picnic of the iron j workers of some' upcountry towns was iorganised, arid the train— at reduced fares —duly conveyed: its :-juota: of . .ploasure- |seekers to tho metropolis.1 i.jOnlarcival tho; 'excursionists : were niet by a number of .cicerone, . appointed by tiio, Ministry/ and shown over the, -'.sights' of Melbourne, jThoy were., conducted to) tlio Museum, the iPublic Library,. the Houses of Parliament, and, irifaet, all ,thq lions of the.plaqe, in 'cluding '. those' of .the ? Zoological' Gardens,' ;w'prfe brought 'under' ,thoir' notice. Does' !not this' thoughtful solicitude' on'th'e part ;of the powers that1 be, 'for the due enjoy ment of 'the pleasures of' 'the many headed,'1 add yet another to the already mariy- existin'g proofs that the ? colony is' in ; ,vory sooth' a .paradise for! the working 'men ?'???.' Beforoj however, it becomes an Eden without a serpent for the unfortunate balance of colonial humanity that cannot Jay claim to be included among the , ' 'orny anded,',' the Eailway Commissioners have still some work to do. . These high-salaried, gentlemen have now been, in office for upwards of a, twelvemonth, and not one of the much needed reforms on the State's lines has yet been carried out. The first class 'carriages are ' still as dirty as ever, and the second as hard seated and draughty, while both ai-o still at night pervaded by that 'dim religiouslight' that makes reading an impossibility to 'the traveller: The civility of the railway porters has riot' grown pro portionately to their numbers, nor have tho facilities to country residents in the way of , return ,, tickets ; i been , en; larged. ; Has the vis. inertim of the depart ment proved too great for Mr. Speight and his colleagues ,to overcome ? ; As the railways wore in the beginning . when the Commissioners . assumed the reins of management, so are; they now, and' ap parently so will they ever be. Instead of King Stork succeeding' King Log as was generally expected, Eirig'Log'II; has suc ceeded to the State railway throne. Mr. James' Munro has been feted and tostimonialised by his friends and ad mirers, prior 'to his departure on . a visit to the old country. In full accordance with the fitness of things, the demonstration was held in the Temperance Hall. Moreover, Mr., Munro was.; invested with ambassa dorial functions. The honourable gentlo tnan was deputed ,to impress upon the British' Government the advisableness of compelling the Papuans to, become 'mem- bers of the Blue Eibbbn Army. Now 'Mr. Munro'.as a 'staunch Protectionist,favbured the ' subsidising- of ' the bottle' factory at South Melbourne. If asked by Lord Derby how he canreboneilehisdesire to encourage bottle making with; his desire to abolish the use of the article so manufactured, he may. find , it - difficult to reply. Unless in deed, at the factory favoured byMr.Munro, only lemonade and ginger beer bottles are turned out ? i; ,, .,. ; ' ; ? Were evidenceirequired that the dwellers in Australia, live in an antipodean region where things are naturally somewhat topsy turvy, it would bo found in the fact that the Adelaide race , meetings are' ' hence forth to be held on the Melbourne Eace course ! To this complexion has the abo lition ofibetting and the legislation against the totalis'ator; ' brought 'the national pastime ' in the sister colony. ????,?? The reciprocity treaty with Tasmania still continues to provoke the dissatisfac tion of the fruit and' hop growers, who fancy that their interests will be adversely affected by the contemplated change.1 And according to all accounts the Tasmanian people are riot.very much enamoured of the 'new departure.'/ So strong indeed will be the pressure brought to bear in theeVic torian Parliament, that it is far from improbable that Mr. Berry's first and only attempt, at inaugurating .' intercolonial free.trade' will prove abortive. Tasmania, is to be asked to impose duties in order to assimilate hertariff to, the one in force in Victoria.. IW her, own 'Rake it is to be hoped she will' not assent to the proposal. ; ' To tho pure all things are pure.' ?. So evidently thought the Melbourne ' halle lujah lass ' who was last week discovered by the police under' circumstances some what -compromising to her character for chastity. When: asked by the Polico Mag istrate at the City Court, whether' she did riot, deem it wrong to-be found in bed with : aigentleman without having undergone the formalities prescribed by tho church or the registrar^ the young damsel coolly replied, ' I seo.no harm in it.'^ It would be inter-; osting to ' know whether the answer was prompted by ignorance or impudence, or. whether it is the result of the morality in culcated iri ' the 'Army.' ' ' 