CHILDREN'S COLUMN WAS HE A HERO ? Many a time Frank Clinton had looked up to the beautiful outline of Mount Diablo, standing out against the distant sky, with the natural longing to climb its rugged heights and gaze upon the wonderful pano rama to be seen from the summit. His father had promised to take the whole family there some day, but " some day" is usually long in coming, and so it had proved in this instance. Great then was Frank s delight when he was invited by his teacher, Mr. Naylor, to accom pany him on an excursion to the mountain, along with the other members of his class. They were to be gone two days, and camping ont would see the sun set and rise, and, best of all, Mr. Nay lor meant to take his rifle and try to get a shot at a deer. Never were six boys in a wilder state of excitement, though it was the private belief of Frank's family, that the other five combined could scarcely equal their boy in his exuberant delight. There was nothing else thought of or spoken about; it was the mountain, the mountain, from morning to night, and every book in the house was ransacked which could throw a ray of light on the history or geography of Contra Costa county, that the young moun taineer might not be ignorant on any point. It had been settled that Mr. Naylor should go first to Martinez to make all necessary arrangements, the boys were to join him there, where he would have a conveyance in readiness on the arrival of their train. Each member of the party was to carry his own blanket, and to contribute to the general stock of provisions. Mothers have a fashion of interesting them selves intensely in the pleasures of their children, and Mrs. Clifton had never taken greater pains than in preparing the contents of Frank's lunch basket. Frank himself looked on with sparkling eyes. " How gcod you are !" he exclaimed at last, giving ner a regular bear's hug. "I don't believe there's another fellow m the world has got a mother like you." "I wonder what you would do if anything happened to keep you at home, Frank ?" said hiB eldest sister, teasingly. "Do 1" exclaimed the boy, " it's the reBtof you would have something to do ; either to bury me or to send me to Napa." "Frank," said his mother,snaking her head, " don't be foolish. I should be as sorry as yon if you should have such a disappoint ment ; but it would not cost either of us our life or our reason, I hope." " Well, I don't want to have it tried," said Frank, as he turned away. _ The next morning broke bright and beau tiful ; there was no sign of cloud or fog on all the wide horizon, and Frank was ready to set out in good season. His own home was about a mile distant from the village where the other boys lived, and he was to meet them at the station. By taking a short cut through the fields and along the railroad, he couid shorten the distance somewhat, and as it was not convenient for his father to drive him over, be went in that way. Passing the house of their nearest neigh bour—a lady who had lately lost her husband —he saw her little daughter standing at the garden gate. " Where's 'oo goin'?" she asked, for Frank and she were great friends. " Away up there to the top of the moun tain," said Frank, as he pointed to Mount Diablo. " Oh, let me go wif 'oo," said little Margie entreatingly. " Not this time, Margie," said Frank. "Wait till you're a great big girl, and then I'll take you." "I wants to go now," said Margie, begin ning to cry; but Frank, thinking her tears would not last long, said, "I'm sorry, Margie, but I can't take you now. Run in and ask your mother if you can go when you are big enough." Then he walked on. Why did he not look back ? Many times afterwards he asked himself that question, but now he was only intent on what lay before him. He soon reached the railroad: it was safe enough walk ing on the track at that hour, for there was no train due before the one he was to meet at the station; there was plenty of time, and he did not hurry. Two of the boys were before him, and the other three soon joined them; but as the last one made his appearance, the others raised a shout, " Tom, where's your lunch- basket?" Poor Tom ! He was one of those boys who are always late, always forgetful, and his blank look was too much lor the rest of the party, who burst out laughing. " I forgot my watch," ne Baid, " and when I went back for it I put my basket down under a hush, and now—what am I to do?" "You can't go back," said Frank; "the train is due in ten minutes. But never mind —you can go shareB with me. I've got enough for—why, Margie!" With one bound Frank sprang off the plat form. and caught up a little figure toiling painfully along the track. " Margie what are you doing here ? Where did you come from 1" " Pee goin' wif 'oo to the mountain," said Margie, nodding her small head. " But you cairtgowith me," said Frank, in despair. " Where is your mother ?" " She's home. I runned away. I'se goin' wif 'oo" " Fellows," exclaimed Frank, " what on earth am I to do with her? She lives close to our home, and she's followed me all the way." " Send her back the way she came," said one. " Leave her here till somebody comes for her," said another. " Take her along," suggested a third. He could not send her back, the poor little creature, at the risk of her life, neither could he leave her there with no one to take care of her. A mist came over his eyes, and his heart beat wildly with a feeling of suffoca tion, as he heard in the distance the whistle of the approaching train; bat his mind was made np. " Boys," he said, " if anything happened to that child her mother wonld go ont of her senses. I mnst take her home. And give np the trip?" There was a Yes," said Frank. "Tell Mr. Naylor I couldn't help it. Here Tom, take my basket. I'm glad mother's lunch won't go to waste. Good-hy. Have a fine time." He was glad of the hurry and bustle, giving him no time to think, but as the train moved off, and the boys shouted and waved their handkerchiefs out of the windows, do you blame him for feeling cruelly disappointed ? " Now, little Margie," he said to the child, whose hand he had held all the time, " I must take you home." Something in the tone of his voice made Margie nnderatand thatshe had been naughty. " I'se sorry, Frank," she said with a sob, " but I did want to go wif oo." " Never mind," said Frank, " we'll go another timeand taking her up he carried her, for she was too tired to walk. The hired girl came running to meet him as he drew near the house. " Oh, Mister Frank, wherever did ye find the child? It's out of me senses I am with the fright." " ¥ ou'd better look after her another time," said Frank. " I found her at the station." Nora lifted her hands and eyes in horror. "What would the mother say? She'B sick in bed, and I never told her the child was gone." " Ifon't tell her now," said Frank. " Good by, Margie, don't run away again." He dreaded the meeting at home, but when went in the back way ana opened the kitchen door, his mother was alone. " Frank 1" she started with surprise and fright. "Don't be afraid, mother, it's not my ghost," and in a tew words he told her all. Those two days were pretty hard to bear; indeed, Frank aid not know how he could have got through them without his mother's help; but she managed to save him from being pitied, while at the same time he felt that every one in the house shared his dis appointment. And when the excursionists returned he was at the station to meet them, eager to hear all their news. What was it that was taken out of the train and laid on the platform ? A beau tiful deer with branching horns? Frank's unselfish delight was as great as that of the boys who had been witness of Mr. Naylor's exploit. _ _ " I will be over this evening, Frank, to tell yon all our adventures," said the teacher, taking the boy's hand with a kindly pres sure. And he kept his word. " We all missed you," he said privately to Frank in the course of the evening, but the reason for your absence was one that made me proud of my scholar." A month later there was a surprise party at Frank's home—a real surprise party, for no one had any hint of it until the door bell rang, and Mr. Naylor and the five boys who had gone up tbe mountain were ushered in. They brought with them a mysterious box, which was opened and found to contain the antlers of a deer, mounted and ready for putting up over the door. " When I shot the deer," said Mr. Naylor, "I decided that the antlers Bhould be the property of that member of our party who had shown most unselfishness and _ the greatest desire to minister to the happiness of others. When I asked the other boys to help me to decide who should have this memorial of our excursion, they answered with one voice,' Frank Clifton,' and I think there is no donbt they decided right. There is a very pretty little poem of Celia Thax ter's, which you may have read, whose closing verse you will find engraved on the little silver plate attached to the memento. The words are these:— That was noble, Roger, that was glorious. Thus to help tbe weak— Better than to set your flag victorious On earth's highest peak. Great applause followed Mr. Naylor's speech, and afterwards there was a pleasant evening, with songs and games and a famous supper, of which Tom's share had not been forgotten. " But, mother," said Frank, when the com pany had left, " it Beems like making a great fuss about nothing, after all, for what ehe could I have done ? And his mother smiled a very happy, satis ed, "De fied smile, as she answered, "Dear, the noblest deeds which have won the highest praise have been performed by men who were thinking only of doing the duty which lay before them, as my boy aid when he gave up his own pleasure to bring little Margie -Aural rress. 