Sketchev. Spring-Heeled Jack. (From All The Year Bound.) IT is now nearly half a century since the inhabitants of London and its suburbs were kept In a constant state of terror by a man, who, under various disguises, would suddenly appear before the unsuspecting pedestrian, and, afierhaving nearly frightened the traveller out of his or her senses, would as suddenly .disappear with terrible bounds, leaving the impression upon his affrighted victim that his . Satanic Majesty had condescended to pay him a visit in person. Evening was the time generally chosen by 1MB eccentric character for his exploits, and, doubtless, there are many living who can recollect the pang of fear which shot through their hearts when, leaping from Bome datk comer, out of a door-way, or over a hedge, he stood before you. Who this singular being was, or what was the true object of his escapades, can only be left to conjecture, as he was never captured; certain it is, that robbery was not the motive, for he was never known to take a single coin from .his victims, ^ven when fright had rendered them an easy prey, nor did he often practice any other degree of cruelty beyond \- scaringthem, which, however, was quite sufficient, as in some instances the sufferers never thoroughly recovered the shock to their serves. The only surmise as to his identity that was ever hazarded, was that he was the Marquid of Waterford—then famous as a ringleader in all that savoured of fun and frolic— . but not'a shadow of proof could be ever adduced in support of this theory. The more general bdief appears to have been that there were eeveral persons concerned in the affair; that they were members of high families, and ihatthe cause oftheir pranks was a bet of three thousand pounds that they would proiure the death of not less than thirty human beings, apportioning them with nice descrimination as follows :—Eight old bachelors, ten old maids, and six lady's maids, and aB many gexvant-girls as they could, trusting that by depriving them of their reason they would accelerate their deaths. This is, of course, incredible, but the chief clerk of the Mansion House police-kourt, in a letter to the newspapers, said it was so reported to a committee that was formed by the Lord Mayor for the purpose of tracking and prosecuting the Scoundrels. It iB difficult to assign the exact locality which gave birth to this extraordinary freak, either side of the Thames claiming the distinction ; some averring that it was at Hammersmith, others again that it was Barnes. The most trustworthy aocounts give the palm to the lat ter village. It was in the latter end.of 1837, at Barnes, that the ghost made its firstappearance in the shape of a large white bull, attacking several persons, more particularly women, -many of whom suffered most severely from the iright. At East Sheen, in the form of a white bear, the alleged spirit carried on similar gambols. His ghostship then extended his operations to the town renowned for " maids of honour," and in the course of a few days all Richmond was aghast at the tales of women being frightened to death and of children being torn to pieces by him. The search after the unearthly visitant was here becoming too warm for him, and he shifted the scene of his labours to Ham, Kingston, and Hampton, at which latter place he was seen, clad in armour of brass, with spring shoes, and large clawlike gloves, but being hotly pursued he scaled the wells of Bushby Park and vanished. Teddington, Twickenham, and Hounslow, all had stories to tell of his appearance, and in Sion Park, the seat of the Duke of Northumbeiland, many and fearful were the injuries said to have been inflicted by him. At Isleworth a carpenter was seized at eleven o'clock at night, and most unmercifully beaten by the ghost, who was attired in polished steel armour, with red shoes, etc. It must be noted what an exceedingly varied wardrobe this sprite must have had, rendering it very difficult, one would think, for him to move, with such extensive properties, with alacrity from place to place. The neighbourhood of Uxbridge was the next scene of his pranks, and he approached the metropolis through Hanwell, Brentford, and Ealing, in which last place he was seen in steel armour, striking terror into the inmates of the various schools located there, and frightening the blacksmith of the village so completely as to force him to keep his bed in consequence of the shock he sustained. At Hammersmith he found a determined opponent in the shape of a laundress, to whom he appeared in the form of an immense baboon, six feet high, with enormous eyes, and arms of an extensive length; and in strict keeping with his animal appearance, he granted like an hyena. This courageous woman, after an ineffectual attempt to avoid her uncanny visitor, determined to give him battle, and flew at him with such fury that he was glad 90 give up the contest. Even the royal precincts of Kensington Palace did not escape from his visits, children having seen the unearthly being dancing by moonlight on the Palace Green, and ever and anon scaling the walls of the royal forcinghouEes. In consequence of the panic attending these exaggerated stories, the police had strict orders to investigate their truth, but were unable, in the majority of cases, to trace any person who had really seen the apparition. That there was mischief afoot, however, was clearly shown by the applications at the Mansion House and other policG-courfcs|for protection. At Peckham he caused the greatest alarm (judging by a letter to the Lord Mayor, from a resident there), appearing in a new character, aB a spectre, and scaring out of her senses, amongst others, an unfortunate servant girl who opened a door to him; and the writer also said that seven ladies had been reduoed to the same unhappy ..state -through fright at the awful apparition. Letters poured into fhe Mansion House from all parts of London, showing how universal was the terror which had been inspired by this masquerading miscreant. Several persons, most especially women, were injured bodily in many instances by the claws with which be appears to jhave armed his hands, and if one writer may be believed, several deaths on the south side of London had been caused by the shock his appearance had given. A letter from St. John's Wood stated that for a whole fortnight that neighbourhood had been favoured with Spring-heeled Jack's attentions; he sometimes appearing as a bear, and sometimes clad in mail. This correspondent asserted that the bet, which was snpposed to be the cause of these pranks, was that the monster should kill six women in some given time. That his appearance was calculated to upset even the stoutest-hearted must be admitted, for the Lord Mayor himself, though much inclined to be sceptical, acknowledged that he had been given to understand, on undoubted authority, that in the vicinity of Forest Hill, where he resided, one of the female servants of a gentleman who lived near his house had been terrified into fitsby the sudden appearance of a figureclad in a bear's skin, which, upon being drawn aside, exhibited the human body, with long horns emblematical of Satan himself—clad in a suit of mail. The ghoBt" did not disdain to avail himself of material means of conveyance occasionally, as is Bhown by a letter to the Morning 'Herald, January 16th, 1838, from "A Resident op Paddington Green," who stated that he had seen, close to his house, a figureclad in white, closely pursued by two men, and, after a smart chase, this matter- offact apparition jumped into a cabriolet, and was driven out of the reach of his would-be captors. A committee was formed at the Mansion House in January, 1838, for the purpose of receiving subscriptions, and to deoide upon the best means of capturing this uneasy spirit, and of visiting it with the punishment which it so richlydeserved. In sending a donation of five pounds to the fund, a gentleman residing at Dulwich wrote that his daughter was lying in a very dangerous state, having been nearly deprived of her senses by the sudden appearance of a figureenveloped in a white sheet and blue fire,which had met her on her return home from a friend's house; others equally testified to injuries received at the hands of the hobgoblin. A reward of ten pounds was offered for the apprehension of the heartless scoundrel, but unhappily it completely failed in its object, and the perpetrator of this ghastly " joke " continued to be at large. Thinking, perhaps, that he had done as much harm as he desired in the other parts of London, for a whole month Spring-heeled Jack devoted himself to disturbing the peace of mind of the dwellers in the East End of the metropolis, the neighborhood of Bow being particularly patronised by him. One gross outrage came before the police-magietrate at Lambeth-street, and caused considerable attention. A young lady, named Alsop, living with her parents in the vicinity of Bow, stated that at about a quarter to nine o'clock on the evening of February 21,1888, she heard a violent ringing at the front gate of the house, and on going to the door to see what was the cause, she saw a man standing outside, of whom she enquired what was the matter. The person instantly replied that he was a policeman, and said: " For God's sake bring me a light, for we have caught Spring-heeled Jack here in the lane." She returned into the house, and brought a candle and handed it to the man, who was enveloped in a large cloak. The instant she had done BO, however, he threw off his outer garment, and applying the lighted candle to his breast, presented a most hideous and frightful appearance, and vomited forth a quantity of blue and white flame from his mouth, his eyes resembling red balls of fire. Frpm the hasty glance which her fright enabled her to get at his person, she observed that He wore a large helmet, and his dress, which appeared to fithim very tight, seemed to her to resemble white oil-skin. Without uttering a sentence he darted at her, and catching her partly by her dress, and the .back part of her neck, placed her head under one of his arms, and commenced tearing her clothes with his claws, which she was certain were made of some metallic substance. She screamed out as loud as she could for assistance, and by considerable exertion got away from him, and ran towards the house to get in Her assailant, however, followed, and caught her on the doorstep, when he again used considerable violence, tore her neck and arms with his claws, as well as a quantity of hair from her head; but she was at length rescued from him by one of her sisters. Her story was fully corroborated by her parents and sisters, and her injuries, which were very considerable, bore unmistakablejtestimony to the truth of the assault. Subsequently in Bow Fair Fields Jack narrowly escaped capture by some workmen, and it was only by his extreme agility, and intimate knowledge of the locality that he got clear off. Two men were arrested as being concerned in this affair—one -a masterbricklayer, and the other a carpenter; but after a very long and searching investigation at Lambeth-street police-court, they were discharged, as they were not fully identified as being the actual perpetrators, though it was certain they knew something more about®the matter than they chose to acknowledge. Another sample or the ghost's playful ways in the East End of London, was shown by a statement made before the magistrate at Lambeth-street police- court, March 8, 1838, by a Miss Scales, who deposed that as she and her sister were walking in Limehouse about half-past eight in the evening, on coming to Green Dragon Alley they observed some person standing in an angle in the passage. She was in advance of her sister at the time, and just a3 she came up to the person, who was enveloped in a large cloak, he spirted a quantity of blue flame right in her face, which deprived her of her sight, and so alarmed her, that she instantly dropped to the ground and was seized with violent fits, which continued for several hours. This individual was described as tail, thin, and of gentlemanly appearance, and carried in front of him a small lamp, similar to those used by the police; he did not utter a word, nor did he attempt to lay hands on the young woman, but walked away in an instant. Not confining himself to tbe crowded parts of the metropolis, he made the suburbs his hunting-ground, and terrorised both sides of the Thames to such an extent that but. few females would venture out after dark without sufficient escort. He visited Blackheath in a truly novel and marvellous ^manner. Three ladies were crossing the heath at about six o'clock, when they suddenly came upon a monitions figurebefore them, and as the lamp3 had been lit some time, they had a good view of it. The {monster, they said, had a phosphoric lustre, showed tremendous long ears, herns and tail like those of a bullock. One of the ladies fell down in a fit,and the other two had resort to that potent weapon in the female armoury, a good scream, which promptly brought a policeman to their assistance, and on his bold advance the apparition threw itself over his head and disappeared on the heath, during which gymnastic performance, it was said, the hooks, or springs, on his he6ls were distinctly visible. In a pamphlet, published at the time, we have preserved to us a portrait of the " ghost," as he appeared in this instance, and the representation even, much less the reality, is quite enough to upset the nerves of any ordinary-minded person. He is depicted as clad in all the orthodox details of a satanic outfit, horns, tails, etc., with fearful claws on both hands and feet, the latter additionally armed with large hooks, attached to the heels, whilst his countenance puts any mediasval conception of the Evil One quite to the blush, No wonder, then, the ladies are shown as suffering an extremity of terror, with their mouths extended to their utmost capacity, presumably screaming. In another tract there is a similar portrait of this man-fiend, its horrors being heightened by being highly-colored, and there he is represented as appearing in a churchyard to two women. In a third booklet he appears as in halfarmour, with helmet, 8tc., his nether limbs being clad in a species of fox-hunting costume, a huge cloak adorning his iback. Saving alarmed the dwellers on the south side of the Thames, so as nearly to deprive them of their senses, he again crossed the water, and appeared to a party of people near Holloway in the guise of a bear. Here, however, he met with a reception he hardly con templated, for there being a brickfield handy, the men of the party treated him to a shower of bricks, a mode of treatment which he by no meahs relished, and whioh induced him to beat a speedy retreat. One evening, near Lord Holland's gate at Kensington, a gaunt figure accoutred like jDon Quixote, and covered with spikes, was seen striding along the road, and, after staring in the faces of some labouring men, disappeared in an inBtant. These men, it is said, went into a beer-shop in the vicinity, and then relating what they had seen, they again went to the place where the figurehad appeared, in expectation of its return. However, they did not meet it, but they saw an uncouth monster, having the shape of an enormous baboon, playing its antics beneath some trees which overhung the road. As they approached tbe creature Sprang up on the branches and disappeared, Spring- heeled Jack, of course, being credited with this mysterious occurrence. Hackney was favored with an extraordinary vision of this many-shaped intruder on the public peace, for he appeared, so the story runs, in the shape of a lamp-lighter walking on his head and hands, and carrying his ladder between his feet, to which was suspended a lantern of large dimensions, amply lighted. And this curious creature, on being approached, somersaulted so high that those who saw it were utterly astonished. But this, surely, is rather more than even the most credulous ought to be expected to swallow, and the story must have been manufactured to feed the public taste for the marvellous. Another glimpse of him was had on the road to Woolwich, when a blue flameissued from his mouth, and a girl who witnessed it fell into fits. His dress on this occasion is described as that of a gentleman, with the somewhat startling addition of a wide strip of scarlet down the back of his coat. Being pursued, he sprang over the fences as usual, and was out of sight in an instant. Still lingering in Kent, he was found the following night at Dartford, where he was clad in a bear-skin, and amused himself with the mischievous trick of putting out the town gas and leaving the streets in darkness. The ubiquity of the fellow was something wonderful, and tended, of course, very much to enhance his fame; no sooner was he heard of in Kent than he turned up at Hampstead Heath, springing over the furze-bushes and somersaulting over the gravel-pits. So numerous were the tales told of Springheeled Jack that a good many must be supposed to be true; whilst, on the other hand, great allowance must be made for credulity, some people not being content with the marvellous as they find it, but being only too happy to add thereto. As a finalspecimen of the nonsense circulated about his appearance, perhaps the following is about the best: A wonderful sight, it was said, was witnessed on Primrose Hill one evening. On the summit appeared a huge figureof a man, in a flame of pale blue; it then assumed the bulk of a massive elephant, then of a windmill in full operation, and lastly, in lessening its dimensions, it became a large ball of snow, which rolled down the hill, and escaped further notice. What Spring-heeled Jack had to do with this dreadful appearance is not at all clear, but it was attributed to him, nevertheless, such was the hold that he had obtained over the public mind. Whether too much attention was beginning to be paid to him with a view to his cqstnre, or whether his love of mischief had died out, cannot be told, but certain it was that nothing was known publicly of this singular being after April, 1838, having kept London in a ferment of excitement and terror for about six months. The foregoing are only a few of the stories, veracious or otherwise, that were related of him, space not permitting any more detailed account to be given. The notoriety this fellow had obtained seems to have had the effect of making many . »lly young men emulous to enact the ruffian in a small way, considering it the height of cleverness to brighten women and children out of their wits, under the belief that Springheeled Jack was attacking them. Many cowardly assaults on women were reported in various parts of the metropolis, under the impression, doubtless, that it was all a " lark;" but it was a joke the victims hardly appreciated, as, should they scream out in their terror, their unmanly assailants did not hesitate to strike them with their fists in the mouth, in order to silence them. One of these imitations of Jack, a young footman, who bad kept the inhabitants of Kilburn in considerable alarm by sallying out upon them disguised as a ghost, in a white sheet and hideous mask, from which depended a long beard, was captured and fined £4, which seems hardly an adequate sentence for the offence, seeing how seldom these gentry gave justice a chance of punishing them. In a satirical paper, the " Age," of March 11, 1838, is found a recipe for the cure of " spring-heels " in " Jacks." " Take of peas, pepper, salt, and gunpowder an equal amount. Fiat mixture in blundeabusii without ' scruple." Make application in th9 region of the • os cocygis,' and let fly. We are happy in having the best opinion that no person afflicted with" 1 Spring-heeled Jackism' can withstand the effects of this treatment of his nervous system." Undoubtedly, if this prescription had been followed extensively in its entirety by the inhabitants of London, there would not have been much more heard of the pranks of these cowardly fellows, whose only redeeming point was that they abstained from plundering those who had been weak enough to ba frightened by their appearance. 