Meat food for Nervons ^People, PpBK is good for nervoua peieons,'bat is not easily digested; - Wild"; game : is. excellent: Fish is good for nervous people.. Eggg boiled just enough to /harden the white are easily dig®ted. it is fembtake^boui people ebtitig toomufti. The majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyspepsia comes- from * working^tpo hard and not eating. 'enough. Wlwn~ a man begins io -suffer -from pverwork he should eat plenty of good bread and butter, drink? iwo quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty; of good meat. When such a person resorts to a vegetable diet he grows weaker and-lose* his nerve power. . At a meeting of the Anthropological Institute, Mr. James G. Fraser read a paper on •« Certain Burial Customs, as illustrative of the Primitive Theory of the Soul."- The Bomaris had a custom that when a man who had been reported 4o have died'abroad "returned home alive, he should enter his house, not by the door. bufc'fover the roof.' This custom (which is Etill obseEved in ^Persia) owed its origin tocertain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to the dead. The ghost of an unbtiried- man was supposed to haunt and molest the living; especially his relativee. Hence the importance attachsd to the burial of the dead, and various precautions were, taken that the ghost should not return. When the body of a dead man could not be found, he was buried in effigy, and this fictitious burial was held to be sufficient to lay the wandering ghost, for it is a principle of primitive thought that, what-is done to the effigy ofa man is done to the man himself. The Director read a paper by- Admiral F. B. Tremlett, on the " Sculptured Dolmens of the Morbihaa^ {North-WjBEt France.) About 80 sculptures had been found, invariably on the interior surfaces of the cap-stones and their supports. It is remarkable that they are confined within a distance of about 12 miles, ahd are all situated near- the sea-coast, beyond which, although the megaliths are numerous, there is a complete absenqp 4>f sculptures. The sculptures vary in intricacy, from simple wave-lines and cup- markings, to some that have been compared to the tattooing of the New Ze&landere.;—K nowledge. 