EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. Br " PBUTETKB." (Tbe Rev. Mir, Stannery studies 1st Corin thians, chapter xiv.—Mips Stannery takes the nuwing—She is still surprised that the Scriptures ate freely read in Oatholio ohurohes—Miss S. would like to see St Paul's own handwriting—She does not know what has become of St. Paul's original autograph epistle to the Ephetians —No printed Bibles for 1350 yean after Christ—Can illiterate people write in Greek, Latin, or Syro-Phoenician—The Bible not neoessary for anyone's salvation —My sohoolboy sweetheart and how I made love to her, and the romantio oonsequenoes — 1 Copying the saored writings—Martin Luther's Testament, and what it ended in —The Rev. Mr. Stannery returns to the " unknown tongues " — The Authorised Word of God wrong for 270 years—The Revised Testament—The inspired teaohing of the Holy Ghost falsified in all the Anglioan ohurohes for the purpose of rais ing a clamour against the Ghuroh for her use of Latin in her liturgy.] THE Reverend Edward Stannery- listened tn silenoe to what I said, and made no immediate reply. He still held my Greek Testament in his hand, and, after a short pause, as if struck by some sudden thought, he re-; turned to chapter ziv. of 1st Corinthians and 1 began to draw his fore-finger slowly down; from verse to verse, as if in searoh of some; particular word or sentence. While thus engaged hie sister turned round a little in her seat and said to me: " I am still in a state of surprise at hearing that you read the BibleBO freely in your ohuroh services, and at finding that you, who are a Oatholio, or a Roman Oatholio, can carry a New Testament In your pocket. I really thought and believed that yonr Ohuroh striotly prohibited the study of the Scriptures and exolnded them altogether from her forms of worship, as well as from the haDds and homes of all her members." " That is," I said, " you thought I believed that the Oatholio Church forbids herself to read her own saored writings, the gospels and epistles written for ber edifioation by her first bishops, who were inspired apostles and evangelists of Christ. That is what yon thought and what yon believe. Miss Stannery was a young lady about half-way between 20 and 30. She was of a pale, but healthy oomplexion, with large and soft and intelligent dark grey eyes, dark brown hair, and regular features. Her: voioe was truly feminine, and sweetly modulated, bat was also firm in tone, and oame forth with a very dietinot enunoiation, indi-, eating the possession of a high and generous spirit. She looked at me for a moment as if doubtful of my meaning, and then said: " I do not understand you, I fear; the apostles! and evangelists did not write for your Ohuroh i alone, butfor all Churobes." " But," I said,! " there was only one Ohuroh when the apostles: wrote their epistles—that is, the Ohuroh which! they governed; and it was under one and the! same form of government everywhere, and had only one form of worship, whioh it stilli retains all over the world. To the oongre-' gations of this one Ohuroh, the apostles, whoj were its first bishops, wrote and sent letters,! or epistles. Do you know what has become' of the autographs of these epistles, the manu-' script letters which they wrote with their! own hands f" Miss Stannery did not know, • but thought it did not signify, for we hadi bis epistles printed, and read in all Soriptural' Ohurohes. But I asked waB the printed copy! printed from the very identioal letters, or i epistles, which St. Paul, for example, wrote with his own pen, or stylus. Miss Stannery had really never thought of that point before, but she was quite sure we had in all Protestant Bibles the true Word of God as it had come from tbe apostles. " But all Protestant Bibles are in' •print, and not in manuscript," I said. ," Was printing in use when St. Paul, for example, wrote.his letter to the Corinthians f— o and did the Corinthians get St. Paul's epistles printed next day after they reoeived them, just: as letters are written in our day, and sent to the newspapers and printed next morning f" Miss Stannery looked a little annoyed, but replied that she was well aware that the art; of printing was not known until, the time of Gutenberg, about the year 1340 or '60, andj Miss Stannery hoped I did not suppose she: c had never been a schoolgirl. I replied that I had once myself been a sohoolboy, and as' a sohoolboy I /had taken great delight in waking love to and agly-faoes'at « bevy of schoolgirls in ayoung ladies' boarding-school - -contiguous to the boys' aohool in whieh I had; 'been taught to understand the castigating' -qualities of different kinds of leather. Our' boys' school, I informed Miss Slannery, was ; idirided by a very thick and high and well- i #immed hawthorn hedge and a deep sewage drain,, Into whioh I one day tumbled head jfmpmost while I was attempting, to hold contraband oommunioation with a small jnaiden tsf eleven who had blaok eyes'and a »oseb4d month. His -premising little flirt haddbtaehed herself from a duster of her playmates, and stole over to <the •drain In order to reoeive a slioeof raw tumfedtato >nie, which I reached put to her on the prong of a weeping-fork as a fledge of eternal sohoolboy effaotion. Just as her fingers tottihM'4he «ov«hrt tUce of turnip, Suflr.fMli ' k f h a o c a c p a lwwC s u e w I poised in' the air. My disappointed and terrified sweetheart had the presence of mind to shriek out In her loudest contralto, and a gardener oame running to the spot with bis rake in his hand. My little'lady love continued shrieking, and could only point to the drain where I was submerged. Just in time to resoue me from suffocation, the gardener caught sight of my legs-and dragged me out with his rake. He then sluioed my head and ihouldera with sundry buokets of water from the garden tank, took me to a side door whioh opened into the public road, boxed my eats, and turned me adrift. This sohoolboy episode having convinced Miss Stannery that I had a great regard for sohoolgirls and their attainments, I asked her how the Christian world had kept itself supplied with oopies of the New Testament 8oriptures for all the 1360 years before the art of printing was discovered. Mies Stannery said she had never reflected muoh upon the subjeot, but she thought it could only have been by the art of penmanship. I then put the case to her again about St. Paul's epistles to the Christians at the cities of Corinth and Ephesus. In a hundred years oopies of these epistles were in possession of the Christians over at Alexandria and Carthage, and at Rome and Antiooh, and many other cities. How did tbe Christians, so widely scattered, get these copies? Then, these Christians were quite sure that the oopies they got were true and faithful copies, taken and made in the first instance from the real, original letters, or epistles, whioh St. Panl had himself written. " Would you not like," I asked her, " to see St. Paul's handwriting; to see the letter he had penned, and folded, and subscribed with his own name, and sealed with his own seal?" Yes; she would like it very mnoh. She would like to see the Apostle's autograph. Well, but it is lost. It is gone; and we must, and we do, take what we have as bis genuine letters. But oonsider, then, that for 1350 years St. Paul's epistles were kept in use and in circulation by the nse of the pen, and not of the press. "And consider," I said to her, " that the pens by whioh the oopyingof the Holy Scriptures was kept up muBt have been held in the hands of men who oould read and speak the Greek language, in whioh St. Paul wrote those epistles whioh your brother here now holds in his hand and is reading. And then there were oopyists who oould speak and translate the Greek into Latin, and thousands of Latin copies were made for Christian congregations in the north of Italy, and in the north of Africa, at Carthage, and iu Spain, and France, and in England. Wherever there was a Christmas congregation, there, by the nature and the necessity of the case, the Holy Scriptures must have been used and read in or at or after every celebration of the Ohuroh's daily service. Greek and Latin were the predominating languages 1800 years ago, and 1700 years ago, and 1600 years ago; and the Christians of those early ages would have the Scriptures in those tongues." "But," said Miss Stannery, "the Greek and Latin were not the only tongues; and Greek and Latin would be unknown tongues to many nations." " Certainly," I said; " bnt every oonntry, every congregation, and every individual Christian who chose to have, and was able to buy, a copy of one of St. Panl's epistles, or of one of tbe gospels, oould have it just as anyone oan lave a Bible now in any bookseller's shop in Melbourne or Sydney if they have the money to pay for it. The Holy Soriptures are cheaper than they were 1600 or 1000 years ago, beoause printing is cheaper than penmanship. Bnt what I would urge upon you is this: that penmanship was a profession in the time of St. Paul, and on to the middle of the 14th oentury. Those who oopied the Sacred Soriptures were soholars—men of learning— who oould speak, write, and grammatically understand several languages, and the business of copying the Bible was oarried on by Christian penmen who lived in monasteries— by Oatholio monks, and Catholic priests, and Oatholio students. Do you think," I asked her, "that the men who were'driving the flock of sheep whioh we met an hour or two ago could copy the Greek of that Testament whioh your brother is looking into ?" " Oh, no 1" Bhe replied; " no ignorant man read or oopy St. Paul's Greek." "Oould an ignorant man do it 1700.years ago?" I asked her. "No," she replied, '< an ignorant man oould not oopy the Greek at anytime." "Well, then," 1 said, "it comes to this: that the monks of the Oatholio ages who devoted themselves to the life-long labour of copying the Soriptures and multiplying oopies of them for the - use of tbe. and laity were not ignorant wen, but very studious and learned men. And then remember that it was -wholly by the. hand' and pen that the supply of the Soriptures was np for 1300 years. And remember, that the Oatholio Church held it in power for 1000 years to destroy the whole of the New Testament Soripturesat time; bnt she did not destroy tfipm, but, the contrary, took. ceaseless .and pious to propagate them." " I think," said Miss Stannery, evading my remark, " that, the prooess of copying was so slow, there after all, be only very few copies of the Scriptures in .circulation, and thatprinting was a providential discovery,; as it provided Bibles so muoh faster, at less cost.'? "That mqy be true," Isaid, "but if the Scripturcb were absolutely Aebeseary for jour salvptipn, will you tell me wljy PrOvidenoe didn't! Cause minting to be invented 1800 yMM Miss Stannery would not take, answer my qaeitioD. Gpd, .she heWoulfsay. __ i'ttfMWff*! ere necessary fpr jrnarisfal' WgjVVvl ieft wj^ouM&agn; explanation, and I left her to ponder on the obvious inference that the possession of millions of Bibles was not neoessary for our salvation. We have the Ohuroh and tbe Faith and the Saoraments, and nothing more is necessary for salvation. "Bat," she said, "they must have had;.very few copies of tbe Soriptures nntil printing came in." " On the oontrary," I said, "copies of the Epistles, Psalms, ant Gospels would be very numerous. . They would be in every parish and cathedral ohuroh, and in multitudes of Christian houses and hands. Many Christian converts were in the habit of carrying portions of the New Testament Soriptnres and Psalms in their bosoms and girdles, and this oustom was well-known to the pagan polioe, who often seized and searched the Christians, in order to burn the ' sacred books.' If any Christian voluntarily gave up jthese saored rolls he was oalled " TBABXTOB, " from whioh we have our English term of reproach Traitor, one who hat delivered up holy things to the enemy. So that, although copying the Soriptures was tedious work, there was no dearth of them. They were transcribed into the Coptic language, as it was spoken in Abyssinia 1500 years ago. They were oopied into Arabic, and Persian, and Syro-Chaldaio, Greek, Latin, Armenian." " But was it not Martin Luther," said Miss Stannery, interrupting me, " who first translated the New Testament into German, for the use of the German people, and the Roman Catholio Church excommunioated him for doing so, and persecuted and imprisoned all who read his translation F" I laughed, and replied: " Martin Luther translated the greater part of the New Testament after he had ceased to be a Oatholio, and had begun to teaoh a new religion never heard of before his apostacy from tbe Apostle's doctrine and Communion. He translated the New Testa ment falsely in order to give oolouring to his new dootrines. Had Martin Luther continued in the evangelio faith of the Oatholio Ohuroh, and translated the New Testament truly and honestly, .the Catholic Ohuroh would have approved and confirmed his translation, as she approved and confirmed the translation of the Soriptures into the Eoglihh language, or the Spanish, or the French, or the Italian, or the Tamil, or the Chinese language. It was not for translating that the Church censured Luther's version of the New Testament, but far translating falsely, just as your Authorised Version has in several places translated falsely." Here the Reverend Edward Stannery closed my Greek Testament, but still kept his finger between the two pages over whieh he had been for the last few minutes so intently poring. " My sister," he said, " has just touched the point I have been oonsiderng. In Germany, 360 years ago, the publio worship and the Soriptures were in an unknown tongue. The peasants, the labouring olass, the artisans, thirsted for a service, a form of publio worship in whioh they could join with tho understanding, as the Apostle sayB here in this xivth ohapter of 1st Corinthians. Luther knew what the people wanted, and which the Church would not give. They wanted a German liturgy and the Bible in German, and they got it, not from the Roman Catholic Ohuroh, but from Luther." "Well," I Baid, " and what are they all the better ? If we may believe your Protestant lord bishop of Melbourne, speaking from his pulpit to his Protestant congregation, Germany has gone off to an awful extent, especially in its chief oity, Berlin, into openly avowed materialism— that is, atheism—so muoh so that, in a population of a million, only about twenty-fire thousand attend the Lutheran Ohuroh services on Sunday, whereas the Oatholio ohurohes are always crowded. This is what Luther, and his German form of prayer and his New Testament translating have done for Germany; and it has done the same to a fatal degree over the whole world ; for, go where you will, be it on the banks of the Spree or the oity of Sydney, it is all the same: the Lntheran progeny are but too . oonspic'uous in ohuroh by their absenoe, while the Oatholio—as Ohrist commanded and his apostles taught—the Oatholio V^s it to be his primary duty to be present at tbe publio worship of God on the days set apart for paying homage'to the Created King whose tubjeots we all are. For God calls us to assemble publicly and adore him in concerted acts of praise and prayer; and tbe Oatholio regards it as a gross insult to the almighty majesty of God to stop away from or to be late in coming ,to his solemn levies, whioh he holds on certain ays and at the appointed plaoes. I call , ipon you," I said, r to aooount for this in henomenon: you with your open Bible and our truly Scriptural liturgy, whioh you, ave' purified from all ' popish errors' and' eOatholios with our Mass in an ' unknoW: ongue,' and with so many * senseless .mum-! erles.'" " Even if the faot beasyou state, t," replied Mr. Stannery, '^it does not andj annot explain away the express oondemna-, ion which Paul passed upon the use of an 1 nknown tongue s* a medium of oommunionl ith God: the Apostle's words are clear' ainst it." •< Arid where are those .words?") : inquired. M They ara here,", he *aidi! holdingupmy Greek Testament; "and they, re in every Bible, andare ueadinall our; rotestant Churches as often as we read, «ul's .l4th chapter fil.Msiat EpMtle to he. Corinthians.TheiAportlp plainly tells he Corinthians that iianyone^raiyin an^mi^ uofen tongue the besrers-artaot profited,*^ dified, and.if theyprayinanunknown'stongw ijose who oooupy Tpy Toirpf T&r; tSiujrvvi thousand words in an unknown ton ens And it stands to common-sense,-" add Mr" Stannery, "that praying or reading lha Soriptures in a tongue whieh the people-fa not understand—that is, in any unknown tongue—is oontrary to soriptural preoent " " Now, it is not half an hour," X replied. " sinoe I proved to you (1st) that flt.Paai was not speaking of things whioh concern M in any way as a rule for our publio wonUi beoause the Apostle waa-speaking of a miraeulout gift no longer .poured out upon tha Ohuroh so abundantly as in the Apostle's times. In individual oases, as in that of St. Francis of Assise!, the gift of speaking a foreign tongue may be conferred moment, but that plenary power so profusely bestowed at Corinth of speaking languang intelligible to the great body of Grafr Christians of Corinth is gone. It did not in any way refer to the ordinary use of a Latin or Greek ritual, but to tho abuse of an ettH. ordinary manifestation of the floly Spirit, 2nd. I showed you by what a simple anil all-snffioient method the Oatholio Ohuroh meets the difficulty presented by any or by all modern languages. For by this method the Oatholio Ohuroh can oollect people of every nation under heaven in the cathedrtl or parish ohuroh, and cause them all to join devoutly with their spirit and their under, standing in one and the same act of adoration. If a Turk went into your Anglioan ohuroh on Sunday, all your English prayen psalms, and lessons would be to him a vety unknown tongue indeed. But would yoa turn your service into Turkish to meet one Turk's oase P If you did, it would be all an unknown tongue to yonr English congregation. But if you put a Turkish prayer, book into the Turk's hands he oould prey with you at once; and this is just what the Oatholio Ohuroh does with all nations. She gives them her Liturgy in their own tongne, and thus she becomes in one day ' a Howe of prayer for all nations.' But now," I said, "about this whole affair of Lath in the Mass. On what do you gronnd your argument against it?" "I ground my argument against it," replied Mr. Stan, nery, "upon tbe word of God .as delivered to us by the Apostle Paul in Ist.'Oorinthimi, xiv., verses 2,4, 13,14,19, and27,ineacli of which the Apostle Paul either direotly or by implication declares against the use of lb unknown tongue in tbe worship of God." "From what version of your Testament do you quote ?" I asked. "Igivemyreoolleofloo of our Authorised Version as we read itinonr ohurohes," he replied. " Let us he oirtain," I said. " Let us see the verses in jour own Testament." Mr! Stannery regretted that he hadn't one with him. " Wellj" I said, "do you.reoognise this?" and Iputledoinfc a small Testament from my pocket. " Tea," he said; " it is a Protestant Testament^' Here Miss Stanneiy laughingly remaftfld that if I was to be judged by the contents of my pockets . one might suspect that I ws&a; travelling agent for the Bible Soqiety. Tmg pleasantry oaused some amusement at my :eit« pense. "Now," I said, "wilWou look at tits verses you have named." He did so, and remarked that they all spoke of 'Urikniwt tongues." Now," I said, " will you'.lcfcru the.Greek." He took the Greek Testain&t; from my hand and examined the verses. " Will you now tell me," I said, " what jj the Greek for 'unknown?'" He, looked eaah verse, and his sister followed Ihe move, ment of his fingers with an earnest eye. "There is no Greek for the word 'nnknown,"' said Mr. Stanneiy; but—" " But," said I, interrupting him, " yonr translators in the reign of King James VI. put the word in. Will you maintain that the word whioh your Protestant translators foisted in was the Word of God P* , Mr. Stannery hesi- tated, but soon reoovered his presence of mind, and said, with an air of one who was not to be defeated: "Oh, but in onr late Revision of the New Testament remember that our revisers have omitted the word ' Unknown,'' and adhered to the Greek text literally." " Bat their doing so," I replied, " cannot alter the aot of your translators 270 years ago, who garbled and ^falsified the words of the Soly Ghost, and falsified and jgarbted these six verees of St. Paul's epistle II. Oor. xiv., 2, 4, 13, 14, 19, 27] with the intention of misleading the people of ^England, end making them believe that S^. Paul denounced and condemned the use of Latin in her liturgy bv'the Catholic 9haroh; ^id lipon this fabricated and falsified version & j^ours reitl your, whole argument." 14th April, 1885. MICE ADTNITEEJLTIOJR.—Proceedings wen on Monday taken in the Distriot Court against WUUun 'Hunter for selling add. terated milk. The summons:' had j returnable at the court -co the 10th Ufst., but as the prisoner did hot then appeal a warrant was taken out for him, exeouted'-by Sergeant O'DonneU. It appealed'that John Fallarton, inspector, liad .purchased a bottle of 'the fluid from defendant on the 12th alt., in'-Eug-stnet, and "having it analysed^ it *was-Xonnd to oontain 46 to 48 per ««nt. «f -added bid wate^-nearly half its bulk. Mr. (Walsh, who defended Hon tor, contended <that'he was merely the *, j v»nt of; J. H. Oarrigy, airyman,-of Hot! tin,land did bnt &dbw; Ids employer's iritn ciiQQj. &eeerving; their decision, the~bench "y ent on with the case of jfcnigy, who was tie.. uded by -Vr. Jorda&. After hearing the ividenoe, the Bsnohwere of Opinion that the case <was *>lttost 'gltf&g; H e y» the wfore,inflioted» fine- of-220, lf h .£10 costs, to be -ievied by distre»8, in twofse of Cattily, and fined OutertMtt.; ^Dop BrrrEEs.dbM i int,jptores, curM/tina'" a 'neb- 