THE ;;8TO1WTELl.jER. Bol) Billington's Clieut. By Horace Vickahs Rees. In Homo Oliimes. CHAPTER I. (Continued.) FLOATING A LOAN. . :Poor Felix could hardly believe hia ?senses.- Twenty pounds for u, starving ' man with a starving young wife and an irrepressible landlady ! It was the wealth of Croesus to the playwright. :, He stood up with a swimming in his ; head, and tears in his eyes. '? «I thank you, Mr .Uillington trom tho bottom of my heart,' he said un :. steadily. ' If there is any gratitude in this wfde world — ' ' ? ,'But there isn't, sir, said tlie finan cier savagely. Don't talk to me of gratitude. There's no such thing in ?this world. .There's that big rascal Swingeley,'vhe continued, dashing his huge fist. on the writing-table. Lard Sebrge Swingeloy, of tho Carkington family — well I positively had to clothe : that fellow before he could go to his . sister's house to dinner in decency; all his people, except his sister, had turned him off as an irreclaimable scamp, and . I took pity on him, and took him out of the hands of those horrid Jews ; and —?-'I'm dashed if he hasn't lot me in for .fifteen hundred pounds! If I come across that rogue again,' said the ' financier, seizing the astonished play wright by the arm and twisting him around like a piece of, cardboard, look ing; unutterable murder the while 1 I'm going to strangle him. I am, . byheaven ;' ;': At this juncture l?el!x Vane began to1 think he was having an interview , , ..with an inenrnato fiend, but beforo . the playwright had made up his mind ? on, the matter the financier's wrath had disappeared, and he was chuckling grimly 'over some particularly astute , feat of the noble lord. '?Here, just aign your name here,' he' said suddenly, breaking off and commencing to draw a promise to pay. A sudden idea struck Felix, and he ?drRW from his pocket a small roll of manuscript. 1 1 beg your pardon, Mr Billington,' ; he ? said nervously, interrupting the ' financier. ' You asked me if I had any security to give for this loan. This is the MS. of a play which I have written, and which, perhaps presump tuously, I value highly. I would like to leave this with you as a pledge of my earnest intention to repay you. this money.' 'Humph ! of no value except to the owner, I should Bay,' said the financier drily, looking askance at the roll of ? paper. Then .the humour of the thing ' seemed to seize him, for he said sud denly : ' Very well. If you don't show up v with, this money six months after date you .forfeit all rights in this precious production. You shall give me a note to, that effect.' It , was drawn up in a few minutes, and to it the playwright tremblingly appended his name and address. The thing was done and Belix put the two bank-notes into his pocket, and a weight like lead seemed to rise from his heart. ''Now then, you run along,' said , Bob Billington j ' you've wasted quite euouglr of my time over this precious job. . This day six months remember, or I'll swallow you alive, I'm a man of my word. Take a cigar. You'll find some in that box there. Put some in your pocket. Here's your hat. There, that'll do,' as Felix attempted to reiterate his thanks. ' I'll know all about . that. For heaven's sake, r man, . get out !' and beforo Felix ex actly grasped the situation he was standing, in speechless wonderment outside the door of the great financier's office. .In a few minutes he was out in the bright sunshine, and walking along gay, glorious Piccadilly, that prince of princely thoroughfares. 'Well, truth is veritably stranger thay fiction,' he said musingly ; ' if anybody had told me two hours ago that there was such a man as Bob Billington in the whole world, I should have laughed at the utter absurdity of the suggestion.' As for the subject of Felix Vane's reflections, before tho sound of the playwright's footsteps had died away on the stair, the financier had sum moned a clerk to his presence with a touch of his bell-rope. -'?Follow that gentleman who hns just gone out, Gregory, and boo what he does and where he goes to.' And Gregory followed the play wriglit with that easy confidence born ? Three hours later he presented him solf before his master, who was just preparing to leave the soono of his labors and betake himself to dinner. ' Well ?' said Bob Billington, paus ing in hie ablutions. ' I followed Iho gent, sir,' said Gregory with a broad grin, ' and the first thing he did was to buy a big basket, and into this here basket he put a pound of ham, two mutton chops, a jam tart and a pork-pie, a couple of loaves, and groceries, in the manner of speaking, had lib. Then he ordered a hundred o' coals, and — ' 'There, tbat'U do !' roared Bob Billington, throwing the clothes-brush at his sententious follower, who ducked his head with admirable pre cision. ' Get out of this. Stop a minute ; whore did he go with all these delicacies ?' .' Twenty-four, Brown street, Pim lico,' said Gregory doggedly, feeling himself highly aggrieved at being in terrupted in what he considered a graphic account of his labors. ' Very well. Go home and be hanged. Here's a shilling for you to get drunk with.' And the coin fol lowed the route of the clothes-brush. Gregory knew his master, so he picked up the coin and marched off without a word. ' A. jam tart, a pound of ham, and a pork-pie !' said Bob Billington medi tatively, as he walked to Blanchard's. ' Well, T can't say much about the poor beggar'B brains, but ho must have a superlative stomach !' CHAPTER II. SIX MONTHS AFTERDATE. 'SlE, ' I had expected to see you yesterday — :not to receive your appeal For more time. Be. good enough to 3all at my office to-morrow ' at four o'clock. 'Yours faithfully, ' R. Billington.' 'Edith — my dear Edith. — what am I fco do.?.' ? ? ~. ? ' It was six months after date and a Jay over. The letter, in Bob Billing ton's stiff handwriting, lay open on bhe table, and .poor Felix Vane, with his head resting on his hands, was staring at it with an agonized coun tenance ; for Mr Billington's pound Df flesh was due, but was not forth coming. ' I should go to him dear, and ex plain matters. Suraly he will give us i little-time,' said his' wife. Poor Edith Vane, a pretty little tired woman, worn to death with beartache and waiting, but with her unuouimou laicn in me nuauauu oi her love as strong as ever, put her arms around his neck and began to cry as the handiest method of distract ing his attention from this unwelcome missive. ' I can't face him, Edith,' said Felix mournfully. ? J ust think of the ingra titude of it. He said there was no gratitude in the world, and he'll point to this as a fresh proof of what he says. God in Heaven ! How hard, how oruel, thiR world is !' They had struggled and struggled and laboured, these two pure-hearted young beings, but to little purpose. And at times the stricken soul of tho poor man of letters would burst out with a throb of pnsBion under tho weight of tho petty, miserable troubles that made their young lives so bitter, and his heart would go to heaven, in fierce despair. How little we know of the wraot-up agonies, of sensitive souls, my brother — you and I, who can laugh like Comus at all the ills that befall us, and hold them to be harmless little pleasantries of Fate ! How little you and I, who can laugh so well, do know what the agony of life means to such as these — say to that ghastly, body while it yet had being — that thing with the nasty blue mark around its neck — that you and I, my brother, with ten other good, solid, sober-minded citizens, have ust been viewing. What madness did his ill-regulated mind build up from those trifles that wo hold so cheap ? Ah ! Mr Coroner has a clue. It was found on the deceased's body — a scrap of dirty paper. Mr Coroner will read ics contents tor tne lniorrnamon ot trie gentlemen of tho jury, as clearly in dicating the state of mind of the un fortunate deceased when he committed the rash act. Mr Coroner is not, he is sorry to say, an elocutionist, but — ha, ha, ha! — no matter, gentlemen — he believes that he can read with tolerable accuracy. The deceased was appar ently a poot of some capacity, to judge from the contents of his pockets. This was, however, neither here nor there (rather more ' there ' than ' here, ' Mr Coroner feared, under the present melancholy circumstances — (laughter) but Mr Coroner would read those verses found on the deceased which seemed to bear more directly upon the evidence before them, and to corro borate the important testimony of Mrs Squiggins, deceased's landlady, who had stated on oath that the de ceased, rolled his eyes and very rarely partook of breakfast — two important facts when we come to consider the connective causes of this rash act. Hum ! Silence there. ' 0 God ! where is tho end of agony 1 Count ye it limitless as Thine own time ; That vastest, most inscrutable of mys teries 1 Where is the fihifcy Of human reason under human woe ? May Thino own creature bo appor tioned this — The long continuous yoke of weary years — And still be not distraught 1 May this be his, Till he must needs bow low his nching head, And moan, ' 0 Father ! blot Thou out The reason that thy touch implanted here; Let darkness like a veil of endlees night Encompass all the Buffering of my soul, And shut out all well ordered memory From tliis Thy handiwork. Oh let Thy creature's mind Become a void, a thing of nothingness, As limitless as Thine eternal years !' jyj.au, my r.ooust-iiiinuBu uroiuer- mad as a March hare, must be our ver dict. What were the doctors doing that they permitted such a lunatic to be at large? Suicide while in a state of unsound mind ? Good, gentlemen ; very pro per verdict — nothing could be clearer ; suits Mr Coroner excellently; no trouble about it, and, bless me — half- past two — Mr Coroner must; get on to the last but two on the day's list. Good-day, geatlernen ; /food-day. Our young frieud Felix buffered !rnin npRfunnniil mild attacks of tho disease, and he had one now. A coal heaver would have taken a much more practical and efficient view of the situa tion, but unfortunately for our young friend he was not a coal-heaver. ' Oh, Felix, love, don't, pray don't,' sobbed the crying wife. The outburst 'was done with, he was the same once more, and set to work sen sibly to console his wife, Poor things, they were like a pair of children in their emotion, much as they were in everything else pertaining to mundane affairs. Delicately formed, delicately nurtured, they were like a couple of exotics bnttling against a rude east wind in their present strug gle for existence. Sho with her music leseons, he with his fugitive writings — what hope was cnere ior eituer oi tnem i xney man aged to live with tho aid of that timely loan of Mr Bob Billington's ; and wit Hope, manufactured on an extonsiv scale but on a very shadowy basis, they sauced their daily bread. When that great novel of his was .accepted, and when that piano playing of hers wills heiifd .at fashionable con certs — ah ! whab would- they not do then? But unfortunately th'C novel was not accepted, and the concert was not yet announced ; but Mr Billing ton's bill was due. And tohave to descend from the realms of Hope to the regions of Practicability was exactly the journey xor wjiicn neituer ot tuom was at any time particularly fitted. 'I'll go to him,' said Felix, starting up with a sudden throb of resolution ; I'll go to him. Ho may be merciful, and wait. He may be unmerciful too and pitch mo down his office stairs,' he added with a slight smile.. ' He could certainly do it if ho wero so minded.' He kissed his wife, and sho poor thing, gave him God speed, and watched him all down the shabby street. He walked across the Green Park and into Piccadilly, and although he was a quiet, trustful being, with no particularly exalted opinion of him self, he yet felt a bitterness of soul at the signs oE wealth and luxury that rolled by him, rubbed shoulders with him, or stared him in the face. Those superlative dandies lounging about and chatting and filling up half tho pavement as if the world had been manufactured for them to order ; the fat dowager, whose lackeys cleared the way in order that her grace might de scend unimpeded from her carriage into monger ; — had these people done any thing to deserve a fate better than his own 1 He had worked so hard and done so little good, it was perhaps natural he should envy. Envy is the birthright of the unsuccessful ; the other people do not seem to be troubled with the instinct. At any. rate, here was Felix Vane, the unsuccessful, envying his brethren to his heart's content; but the dandies and the dowager were wholly indifferent. They wero satisfied. Ho turned into a by-street and for got them. A little later he was out side the lofty portals of Mr Billington's place of business, nervously fingering tho buttons on his waistcoat, and en ilnnwnriiKV tn nnrAw liia nnnr/ifrn nn tn the sticking point. A neighboring clock struck the hour of four, and with a sudden desperato rush Felix mounted the stair and en ered Mr Billington's Bunctum. There wore two or three men wait ing to see. the great financier, and Felix felt like a criminal enjoying half-an hourB* rejirieve. One oE them was a man with a gold mine, another was the patentee of a new pump, and the third was the Hon. Bertie Bol dover, who wanted five thousand pounds, and felt himself considerably aggrieved in. having to wait halfan hour for it. At length the gold mine, tho pump, and tho Hon. Bertie were disposed of, and Felix Vane was usherod into the much-dreaded presence of the financier, who was in his favorite attitude on the hearth-rug, smoking a cigar. ' Let mo see, you're the author,' said Bob Billington, fixing poor Felix with his terrible eye. ' Well, have you brought that money V ? I'm sorry to say I haven't, Mr Billington,' gasped Felix; ' I've tried so hard, but ? ' ?But you're like the rest.' of them, eh ?' said Mr Billington. ' Not a ha'porth of principle in you.' ' Indeed, Mr Billington, you are mistaken,' said Felix firing up a little. ' I said 1 would sweep a crossing if needs be to repay your generosity in trusting me, an entire stranger ; and 1 will do it, too, if it comes to that,' he added a little bitterly. The financier looked at him curiously in silence. ' Sit down,' he said, nodding towards a chair. ' Do you know you've forfeited all rights in the play — comedy, isn't it — what is it, a comedy or a tragedy V ' A comedy,' said Felix, feeling a little aggrieved that tho financier had not even troubled himself to unfold his MS. ? Yes, I do know that I have forfeited it.' ' Have you written any more plays V was Mr Billington's next inquiry. ' Three.' ' And never had one produced 1 ' Never. It's the one ambition of my life,' said Felix ; / and it's the one that apparently will never be realised.' ' Well, you're a pretty fellow to go on writing plays that you never ex pect io get produced,' said the horriblo man on the hearthrug. ' I suppose you're on the posterity tack, eh ; five hundred years henne Shakespeare and those fellows won't hold a candle to you V Felix was silent. He wasn't quite sure whether Mr. Billington was not getting uncommonly insulting. ' What a pity you can't draw bills on posterity on the strength of it,' grinned Bob Billington. This was far from being the recep tion which Felix Vane had anticipated but it was equally unpleasant to our playwright. At this moment another client was announced. ' Well, so you can't pay this money ?' ' N — no, sir.' 'And don't know when you can, eh?' Felix certainly didn't, but he hoped ? ' There, I don't want that stuff and nonsense. That money must be paid to-morrow morning,' said Mr Billing ton, looking very fierce. ? ' But indeed, sir, it's utterly impos SIUIU, gUS[JBU [JUUT i'Ull.Y. ? Oh no, it isn't. You'll find it somewhere. Don't you tell me,' said the financier. ' Well, I must see the baron, so you be off. Can't discuss the matter any mere now,' he said as Felix attempted to remonstrate. ' Hero, I shall be at tho Aristophanes theatre to-night. Come and talk to mo there. Take my card, and they'll pass you in. Where will you be ? At the back of the boxeH ? Very well. Now be oil. Take a cigar — that top boi- Gil -t'b.9 left. You bring that money, or'l shall swallo^vou-', _ And just as before, Felix found^TiKBSoll.. outside the office in a twinkling. He went into a restaurant, and ordered some coffee, and 'thought to himself that Mr Bob Billington was the most incomprehenbible specimen of humanity that his experience as yet had discovered. His present resources barely amountod to twenty shillings and the transformation of those shill ings into golden sovereigns by the feat considerably beyond its powers. Perhaps the financier would listen to his entreaties in tho end, and that was the reason why he told Felix to see him at the theatre. Or perhaps Mr Billington had not the remotest inten tion of seeing him at the theatre, and had given him the pass in order to get rid of him and his troublesome im portunities. For although Mr Billing ton had read Mr Felix Vane with very considerable accuracy, that young gentleman had been wholly unable to return the compliment, and his general impression of the characteristics of the subtle financier was a very confused one, for the only fact he felt certain about was that anything that Mr Billington did or said could not sur prise him much. His astonishment was, he felt sure, exhausted. He turned out of the cafe and strolled on to the Embankment, lit his pipe, and gnzed listlessly into the dark watev. Whab would it all come to, this young life of his ? ho mused, with the weariness of twice its span en shrouding it, eating into it like a can ker. His thoughts went back to the happy country vicarage, the home of his boyhood, to the vicar's gentle chiding and his mother's fond touch. All gone, all lost, and in its place the rudo buffeting of a world which knew not how to be gentle and recked not how it smote. Then bis mind wandered back to the dark waters and the dim lights over head and artistic-like, he became en grossed in weaving a plot around those silent companions, to be developed in a new story, and for the nonce his troubles and his weariness were for gotten. Tho sudden clanging of Big' Ben announcing the swiftly passing hour called him back from his world of imagination. He was late for the theatre already. / He started off at a quick pace ind reashed the brilliantly-lighted ehtV^ .ice of the Aristophanes. Ho turned in through the crowd oE gaily-dressed fashionables and courtly men, feeling a little ashamed of his ordinary attire in that brilliant throng. But the cur tain was up, and the late arrivals were jostling towards stalls and boxoa hurriedly, so that he was ablo to pass in to his quiot position unobserved^ Mr Billington's ordor to admit one, being apparently an indisputable talis man. Tho play had commenced, and tho opening act — a gardon scene — was proceeding. ' My dear sister,' the laughing lady at.C. was saying, 'wha;ever induced you to marry such a ma i ?' ' The man himself, I s lould imagine, Edith,' was the reply of Miss Fors dyke, the popular leading lady of the Aristophauos, from her rustic seat at L. ' Ho is the very, last man in the world I should have dreamt of marry ing—' Merciful heavens 1 Why do the footlights bob up and down like will o'-the-wisps, and why does the scene and stage: whirl' round and round as if -ngaged in, a ? now version of the witches' dnnce ? And why does the young man at the back of the boxes, who also perceives these strange phantasies, turn pale as death, and clutch the velvet- covered partition as if he would faint ? Why indeed ? They are playing his own play — his own comedy I Surely, surely, or else he has become utterly hopelessly demented, and his brain a generator of pure illusions ! He finds a chair in a dark corner of the carpeted promenade, and hides him self from everybody's gaze. ' What is this new misfortune come to him ? He has roally gone mad 1 What will becomo of his poor wife ? Listen, what is Miss Forsdyko saying ? — ' Stop, Edith. Turnham may be stupid, and possibly he is foolish ; but — pray remember that he is my hus band.' On ! this is insupportable. His own words. He rises, steadies himself against the partition, and looks round the house. Why it must be a first night ! There's Jones of the JlfontVor, and his bosom friend (with whom lie is eternally quarreling), Smith, of the Morning Courier in the stalls at the left, and there is that trenchant pen man, Slate, who does'tho dramatic work of the Daily JEnvolver and the Weekly Instigator, looking as if he wondered whether it would be inad missible for him to yawn or not at this early stage of tho proceedings. And there is Blimber, the stock author of Aristophanes, in a private box — burly, good- natured Blimber, heartily, un feignedly amused by the latest produc tion, and too fine a gentleman and too honest a man to conceal his amuse ment. *Whflfc is ?flinfc 1 A miinf-. plinolrlft running through the house I There it is again — a steady, rippling laugh, very subdued ; these wary first nighters must not commit themselves too readily. They have their reputa tion to sustain, and immature judg ment is their abomination. ' Presently it bur3t out. again, it warms a little, and then it -culminates in a very decided roar of laughter, and neighbor looks at neighbor with pleasant appre ciation. What music it is for that pale youngster behind the boxes ! He has never heard the like of it in his life. Yes, assuredly this is his play deftly touched and toned by an ex perienced hand/ bufc still his play. ?'Boruci, ' rT-'Hand' they call it in the bills ; thuv '.was no* h's. tltl-?- t'ufc he is not inclined toquSTfol with them on that account. His lieo.rfc, is too full of gladness and wonderment to quarrel with anything or anybody. The curtain conies down on the first act to a very decided show of approval from the critical audience, and Felix wanaers amongst tue Knots or men that are gathered in the lobbies dis Bussing the play and a thousand and one other topics of the literary and artistic worlds. ' Oponnd well,' he hoars one long bearded gentleman, remark ! ' wonder who it's by V ' Seems to mo to run in Briggs' 3tyle,' said his companion. ' More in Diggs' way, te my think ing, replied the other. ' By the way, what did Palette get for that picture he painted for the Duke of Stub beshire V And so the conversation ran on. . Felix hears another gentleman with m eyeglasB express his opinion that tho play is ' very weak tea ' — an opinion which he feels can hardly be viewed as complimentary, so he moves nway quickly. All this time the massive form of Bob Billington never crossed tho ex cited mind of the playwright. He seemed to be moving in a pleasant dream, and could only gaze spell bound upon the stage, wrapped up in the movements of tho players, and tho financier, with every thing concerning him, was entirely absent from his thoughts. But a critical period had arrived in the for tunes of tho play. The second act did not quito suit the watchful audience, and tho close of the act was somowhat coldly received. There wero a few cries of ' Author ' from tho curious or interested, but these wore quickly quieted. It was felt that this second act waB hardly worthy of the immortal Briggs, not to speak of the seraphic Di:;gs. Felix experienced a queer heartsmking, and sought Ins retired chair once more, too nervous to mix with the critical crowd again. Suddenly he felt a heavy hand on his shoulder, and starting round, he saw Bob Billington, resplendant in evening dress, diamonds, and shirt-front. ' Well ?' said that worthy, interro gatively, with a grin. 'Mr Billington, its going to fail,' said poor Felix, giving exproBsionto the one prominent thought in his mind, a thought which drowned all others. ' Is it, by gad ?' said the great financier. Til take care of that. I I've got twenty fellows in the gallery, at three-and-six apiece, and if they don't shout themselves hoarse at the finish I'll murdor them. Fail indeed ! You won't find much that Bob Billington has a hand in, fail.' Felix was about to protest ener getically against Mr Billington's ques tionable system of commanding succoss when that gentlemau seised him by the arm, and led him through a private door on the stage, where they were busy arranging the properties for the last act. Felix had broken his hat against the framework of a wing, and nearly tum bled down an open trapdoor before he reached the staircase that led up to the manager's room. 'This way,' said Mr Billington mounting the crenking Bteps. ? The manager's room was a kind of amateur curiosity shop, crammed so fall of theatrical odds and ends that it was difficult to turn round in it without bringing something or other to grief and destruction. Felix reached a couch through the maze, and sat; down feeling utterly bewildered and lost. Mr Billington busied himself with a bottle of champagne (he had busied himselE with a good many already to judge by the wreck of' empty bottles strewn around), and emptied its con tents into tumblers.. It was Mr Billington's peculiar idea that nothing worth mentioning was complete in this world without cham pagne, and plenty of it, so he turned to Felix. ' Here, this'll put some life into you. Why you're as pale as a ghost, man ! Drink it up. Jehoshaphat ! There's the curtain up.'1 And away flew Mr Billington, after draining his tumbler at one gulp. Felix felt too sick and faint with excitement to move ; he lay on the couch, his head lay whirling, listening dreamily to the progress of the play as the sounds floated quietly up the stair case and into the open door. A few minutes elapsed, and up came the irrepressible financier again. ' Failure, eh?' he burst out, seizing another bottlo of his favorite fluid. ' Why the whole house is shrieking with laughter ! Can't sec what they're laughing at myself,' ho added frankly, as he refilled the glasses ; ' but I'm not much of a judge of those sorts of things. What do you call it — a comodv, eh ? Well, there's five thou sand pounds in it, whatever it is, as sure as I'm a sinner.' Away went Bob Billington again down tho staircase. Felix could hear tho shouts of approval for himself now ; the play had passed tho Rubicon ; he was. the author of a successful comedy. It was over : he could hear tho ac tors being called before the curtain ; he could hear the tumultuous applause of the audience ; no need was there for Mr Billington's fifty olaguers ; the critical audience were doing the clap ping themselves, and Felix felt a great gladness thrilling his worn young heart. Mr Billington again : ' Now then, look sharp ; they're shouting for you. You'll have to go and show yourself.' In vain did Felix protest and point to his shabby appearance ; Mr Billing ton was equal to every emergency. He picked up his own overcoat from a chair, and before the astonished author could say yea or nay, it was on his back. ' There, that'll cover a multitude of sins,' said the financier, critically ex amining his proteges appearance. ' Fits'- jou 'ike a glove. Come along,' and down t-jjo staircase he waa uncere moniously dragged 'Now then, go 02- and don't make a precious fool of yourself,', was Mr Billington's parting adjuration as uo thrust the fortunate playwright- on '° the stage. Felix could remember nothing af tor wards but a sea of upturned faces and a deafening noise, and a general desire on his part that the stage would open and swallow him up. He was brought to his senses some what abruptly by hearing Mr Bob Billingtou's strident tones from the wings. ' Come off, you idiot I ' was that worthy's bland admonition. ' Corao off, and don't stand bobbing your head there like an animated tombstone!' And Felix Vane ' came off.' # * * * # * * ' How did I come to produce this play ? said Mr Billington in reply to Felix's inquiry. Ho had borne his protege off when the congratulations and the handshakings were over, to have supper with him, and it was over the oysters that Felix had ventured to put the inquiry. ' Well, I'll tell you in a few words, I lent Charley For tescue five thousand on his interest in tho theatre, and Charley wont to the bad, poor chap, so it fell into my hands. And I gave Miss Forsdyke (clever little girl that) your blessed play to read, and sho said it was clever, so I got Craven Hill to produce it. I've arranged about the royalty, and you've got to thank little Forsdyke for bringing you out. ' And there's some body elso you've got to thank in the whole business, hark 'e,' continued Bob Billington, looking into tho fire ; ' that's Jack — Door little Jack, who went to school with you.' After a moment's pause he went on, Tory business- like again — ' You forfeited all rights in thiB play, you know, out and out. Very sharp work you think,, to keep it so dark from you 1 No 1 Well, business is business but I won't be hard on a youngster like you. Come and see mo to- morrow, and you can have five hundred pounds on account if you want it. You can, by thunder. You've gotinothing to complain of, for I've made your fortune.' ' And listen, my boy,' continued this coarse blatant, aud most extra ordinary man, ' when you meet men who tell you that Bob Billington is a born thief, don't you believe them, just for tho sake of poor little Jack, you know, who went to school with you !' Noble's Goidsn Eyh Drops.— The rnonfc wonderful cure for blight nnd inllammntion of tho eyes. Do not suffer or let your children suffer when u ouro eoscing but a trifle is at band. Made only by W. A. Noble, 'Pharmaceutical Chemist Toowoomba 