my agrees stirring letter WED NESDAY, MAY 27. 1886. In the Herald of Monday is republished a full account of the brief discussion in the House of Lords on the second reading of the Federation Enabling Bill, and anyone can see at a glance that there was really no close examination of the measure, no real knowledge of its origin, and no acceptance of it on its merits. The idea of federation is popular in England, and the erroneous impression has been created there that it is popular also in Australia, except in New South Wales. The reason why federation is popular in England was stated plainly by the Earl of DERBY, who said-" Federated Australia, forming, as Canada, a single State, united for all except purely local pr poses, would be a new power in the world, and both in regard to its relations with England, and the relations of its various com- ponent parts among themselves, the advantages and conveniences of such a complete union would be incalculable." The Harlot DERBY, however, fails to perceive, and omits to say, that the movement for federation as it is, has had its origin in Australia in purely economic purposes, and is in no way general patriotic movement; while, on contrary, those are best lighting for the Empire who are resisting a protection league in Australia against the terms of British commerce. It would Ja- been Ltisn commerce. A "V-- T , interesting if the noble W ulara had gone into some parties show what incalculable advantages would arise if the free-trade policy of a Mew bom Wales were overborne, and if Auetr followed the example of the United States contracting the English market within its own boundaries. _. a The Earl of DERBY further led the House of Lords to believe that the bill water. expression of colonial feeling, and fully rep sented colonial opinion. He told them 3 a Conference was held in Sydney on Beau ject, which Conference sat for so weeks," and considered and we minutely every point of the proposed arrangement that the bill had been considered by the Legislatures of the various colonies, and that in the Legislative Assembly of J South Wales the measure was only and J majority of one. But suppose, instead of a , headland :_« My Lords, theC inference is mainly summoned for beating J questions of New Guinea, the, 1 some, a French penal colonisation, and the j as federation was considered mainly incidental thereto The Government ^ New South Wales was not as" _ discuss that question at all T on (Ma"y the Parliament of any one of the co is a resolution passed recommending it tfw cussion. The Conference was th.e M governments, and in aTf PrTrïainent«, result of the recommendation of Part 2 nor did the Conference takes a question of «-»-*««» » consequent . any general manifestation of public opinion. The Conference only eat ten days ; the question of federation was not substantially brought on till the fourth day. On that day Borne resolutions were submitted, on the following day they were referred to a committee, the next day the report was brought up, and on the three following days it was discussed and finally adopted and the discussions were all conducted with closed doors. This measure has not been submitted in the form of a bill to any colonial Parliament, but has merely been approved of by a covering resolution and the decision of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales was not at all on the merits of the measure, but was merely a carrying of the previous question, giving no clue whatever to the opinions of hon. members. If the measure is passed by the Imperial Parliament, it will not be open to the colonial Legislatures to amend it, and this new constitutional Act will come into force without any local Parliament having dealt with it as Acts are usually dealt with." If Lord DERBY had put the matter before the House of Lords in this way he would have simply stated the fact, and would have instructed and enlightened his noble) bearers. As it is, the House of Lords was led to believe that the bill was not one for their criticism, because the colonists in their self-governing capacity had drawn up the scheme, and, they ought to be left to work out their own ideas ; the real fact being that there is not a single colonial Parliament that has had a finger in shaping the scheme, all that was permitted to them being the option of accepting or rejecting it in the lump. Lord DERBY did not conceal his opinion that the scheme was very far short of his desires, but he admitted that a regular federation was impossible at the present time. That being the case, he might well have asked whether it was worth while to do anything at all, and whether the scheme now hastily formulated is not much more calculated to hinder than to help the natural progress of union ? These questions, so important, were all thrown aside under the erroneous idea that the colonists were hot for the present scheme, and ought not to be thwarted. Lord DERBY said " They are the best judges of their own affairs, and we must go at their pace, not ours. It would be madness to reject the plan on which they are agreed, and to tell them to take it back and bring a better one in its place." This is as much as to say the scheme is not a good one, but it is not to the interest of the British Parliament to give offence by saying so. Our readers will remember that when the bill was before the different colonial Parliaments every suggestion for amendment was met by the argument that the bill was only a draft measure, and that any defects would be corrected by the maturer judgment of the British Government and Parliament. So that we have really landed ourselves in this absurd position, that the bill has never had any parliamentary discussion at all. In the colonies, it was said-leave it to England in England, it was said-leave it to the colonies and so we are about to have a new Constitution Act that has never been subjected to any rigid parliamentary discussion at all Lord CARNARVON, who did not like to oppose the bill, but did not profess to admire it, said " I believe it is a true policy to go rather slowly than hastily in this matter. In politics it takes a long time to achieve large results." That is quite true, and if we were moving towards federation under a natural impulse all would be well ; but the present movement is not one for the sake of federation, but with a view to get certain local advantages out of it. Con- certed action would at the present time be good in many matters, and is quite within our reach and as to the most important of these matters, viz., naval defence, it is becom- ing clearer every day to those who study the question that what we want is not federal action but Imperial action supported by local contributions levied according to population. We touch elsewhere upon the question of precedence raised by Dr. MORAN on Monday, at the formal opening of a Roman Catholic school on the Botany road. Whether the occasion was suitable or unsuitable for the introduction of such a subject is a point upon which opinions may possibly diner. The presumption is that the ARCHBISHOP considered it suitable, and from his peculiar point of view it may have been. The reference was, perhaps, made with a purpose, and it may tend to serve that purpose. P'tit as to one thing there will probably be little if any dispute. If the ARCHBISHOP desires to acquire the title of Apostle of Discord he is taking a course well adapted to win him the distinction. We are not sure that even now there is anyone who would compete with him for precedence in that respect. Dr. MORAN is not the first Archbishop of Sydney ; but he is the first person holding that title who has, after privately ransacking the early records of the colony, appeared in public with vague stories of alleged persecu- tion and wrongdoing in a forgotten past, the reproduction of which, even if their accuracy were beyond challenge, could hardly have any other tendency than to promote ill feeling and disunion. But in talking on Monday about " the blood of men who had bared their backs and borne their lashes sooner than be dragged to heretical conven- ticles," he was repeating an accusation which was satisfactorily refused when he made it some time ago. The repetition under such circumstances is an aggravation of the original offence. Inspired by the fact that the school stands in the district of Botany Bay, the ARCHBISHOP pointed to that district as "the cradle of civilisation for all Australia;" and as the spot where, " as regarded the Catholic Church, the seed was sown which had in the course of a century grown to be a noble tree." But under what conditions has that growth taken place ? Even though the seed was sown (as was necessarily the case) " in sorrow, humiliation, and tears," the up springing of the plant has been protected and promoted by the liberality of public opinion and feeling, and by the care and direct assistance of the State. The Roman Catholic Church in the colony is at this day a subsidised Church. Why reproduce apocryphal stories of blood from bared backs, consecrating, " perhaps," the seed of the Church, and keep out of sight the generous policy of the State, which, dis- regarding older scores, gave the Roman Catholic Church the same freedom and protection as were given to other Churches, and endowed it with as liberal hands ? No fair-minded man can consider the position of the Roman Catholic Church, and of its Irish people, in the midst of this community, without acknowledging that broad principles of religious and political equality have determined the privileges and the status of both. Every career here is as open to Irish- men as to Englishmen or Scotchmen. Irish- men are liberally distributed in the public service ; they are prominent and de- monstrative in public life ; they shine in private society. It is the settled habit of our people to ignore distinctions of race and creed. This is a mixed community, and by common assent the conditions appropriate to a mixed community are recognised and acted upon in every department of life. This is not the result of indifference, or of cowardice, or of want of patriotism. It is traceable rather to a sense of justice, and to the teachings of an experience that is not so readily obtained in communities of a more homogeneous character. It would be a mistake to claim an undue amount of credit for the existence of such a state of things. But it is a far worse mistake to deny or overlook its existence, or to act as if the maintenance of a practicable modus vivendi was a thing to be fought against and brought to an end. That is not the part to be taken by a good citizen, by a man of peace. This is a mixed community, and there are distinctions existing in it that might be drawn on other lines than those of race and creed. If Botany was the cradle of civilisation for Australia, rocked amidst " sorrow, humilia- tion, and tears," the causes of suffering in those early days were certainly not all specially connected with nationality or religion. But would any public man of ordinary sense and consideration revel in the resuscitation of old tales or fables that would tend to break up the peace of families, and spread ill-feeling, or at least embarrassment, far and wide ? Instead of that, the more probable course the course actually taken in one instance would have been to destroy old records that might have been productive of mischief had they fallen into inconsiderate hands. Is the salutary tendency which is illustrated by such an act as that to be broken through by an ecclesiastic, in the supposed interest of his race or of his Church, and in disregard of the interests of the community in which he lives, and to which his Church and his people owe SO much It may be, but with unexpected consequences. The blind leader who has behind him a people that can see is more likely to lose his leadership than to be followed into the ditch. Under other circumstances remarks such as those which Dr. MORAN has more than once indulged in might be expected to provoke retaliation, and to engender strife. We direct attention to them as a matter of public duty ; but do so with the less hesitation because there is little reason to fear that any Protestant ecclesiastical functionary of dignity or position will follow the bad example that has been set, and also because the majority of our right- thinking Irish and Roman Catholic fellow-colonists know well the value of good neighbourhood and peace. If the ARCHBISHOP hopes to gain anything by digging up the graves of the past, and scattering the dry bones amongst a community living and working together in a friendly way, what have they to gain by betaking themselves in consequence to a separate and hostile camp P We know that some at least of them, and some of the most intelligent, shrink with honest aver- sion from attempts to disturb. But none the less is it to be regretted that such attempts should be made. The question of ecclesiastical precédanse has again presented itself. It is a long time since it first arose. In an old Book it is written, with stone of censure on the parties to the contention, that " by the way they had disputed who should be the greatest" if the greatest of Teachers could not ''lay" this ghost of pride amongst His disciples, it is not surprising that the Governor of a British dependency cannot do is amongst a number of modern prelates. Dr. MORAN, Roman Catholic Archbishop of the Sydney diocese, declines to sit below Dr. BARRY, Primate of the Church of England, in Australia. If the matter ran on these two lines only, it would appear that Dr. MORAN is in the wrong, But his objection is made to rest on the ground that there is no State Church in Australia, and that, therefore, precedence cannot be claimed for his Anglican neighbour, So far he is quite right. In the early days of this country the Church of England alone was the Church of the State, and its head was the nominee of the Sovereign. When invited to Government House he went as a servant of the Crown, took his place by right of rank, without regard to those who went by courtesy. Now all that has passed away, and the head of one Church has no more right to prece- dence than another. It is not necessary for the GOVERNOR to know anyone in the community as the head of a Church. But if he is pleased to invite Rome in that capacity, he may lay himself open to remark if he does not invite nil. This part of the question of precedence resolves itself, therefore, into this-that his EXCELLENCY must be at liberty to dispense his hospitalities as he wills, and being the master of his own house may place his guests as he pleases. Precedence amongst prelates under such circumstances is a figment which need not be named by host or guests. Dr. MORAN'S objection wears the appearance of a stroke for liberty. But a man who is invited to take second place is at a great disadvantage when he plays the martyr. The question is, Would Dr. MORAN have been willing to sit first, and by that means give reason to man cious persons to say that he was trying to set up a "shadowy" State Church? A good many persons will join him in protesting against the head of any Church claiming precedence, but not many will join him in believing that such a thing could be done by the relative positions of two gentlemen at the GOVERNOR'S table. A correspondent yesterday pointed out some difficult places and unpleasant sores in the matter which is broadly described as " the betting question." The purpose of the letter is chiefly to point to the anomalies in the administration of the law-to the irony of the fate which sends the Leger stand or outer-course gambler to the bread and water of the police cells, and permits the licensed bookmaker of the paddock to wager openly, win or lose hundreds or thousands, and drive home in phaeton or hansom to chicken and champagne. There is room, and, as we have before pointed out, urgent need, for some control in this matter, its present conduct tending not only to demoralise the community, but to bring the law and its administration into contempt. The folly and, it may be said, the injustice, of tolerating wholesale gambling on one side of an iron fence and crushing the retail tradesman in the same line on the other is apparent at a glance, but it is by no means clear what steps should be taken to bring about a generally satisfactory condition. The desire to gamble is almost as deeply rooted in human nature as the desire of natural healthy sport, and no prudent legislator would dream of touring either the one or the other out by the roots ; still, it is the duty of every legislator and every administrator to recognise the evil tendency of every form of gambling, and, wherever it is possible, not only to control, but to curtail. It may be that the police efforts, which occasionally are treated with some ridicule or contempt, are in this direction ; if so. we have only to ask that they be intelligently made. It is the lack of intelligence by which they are generally characterised which makes them repugnant to men well in formed, and anxious for measures of a remedial I character. It is difficult to recognise intelligence in such a step as the prosecution of the bookmaker in the St. Leger enclosure while those in the paddock bowl and bet without molestation and still more difficult to describe that as an intelligent rule or law which prohibits a man from gambling with the money which he actually has in his pocket, but permits him to mortgage his salary or income. Also, it is difficult to describe that law as beneficial which by freeing the gambier from the responsibility of his gambling debts encourages him to ventures which are frequently enough in their very essence fraudulent. The desire to check or quash immorality in the matter of betting requires some tutelage of common reason and practical experience. There is room and need for reform, but there are obstacles in the way which will not easily be put aside. 