CUT BY THE COUNTY. A NOVEL. By M. E. BRADDON, Author of ' Iiady Audley's Secret,' ' Phantom Fortune,' &c.; £Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] Chapter VL — All was Silest, all was Gloom.' Inedncinedncson, the great surgeon had come and had gone, and was to come again. So far he had been able to say few words of comfort or of hope. Sir Allan's condition was so precarious that the surgeon had not dared to attempt the extraction of the bullet ; 2nd until that was extracted there could be little hope of recovery- The symptomatic fever was more violent than is nsual in such eases. The patient was delirious, sleepless, and un able to take nourishment. Altogether the case looked threatening. Xiady Darnel's slumbers had not lasted long after that awful dream of hers. At four o'clock in tile morning she had awakened, and had gone to Grace's dressing-room to give herself a -cold bath] and to dress forthe day. A-nH now it was late.in the afternoon, and she had not closed her eyes since that troubled sleep on the sofa. The three women wandered about the house like three ghosts, so pale and wan and silent were they alL. Grace turned to Colonel Stukely for her only comfort, Dora read her Bible at all times and seasons. Lady Darnel sought comfort from no one. She paced with zoiseless footfall up and down the corridor out side her husband's room for hours at a stretch. She interrogated everybody who came oat — the neatly dad muse in her prim cap and spotless apron, Danvers, the medical man, Pordew, the old military servant. These were her only sources of comfort, and such comfort as they could give was mixed with gall. It was some relief to hear of her beloved, to Itnow that he still lived. It was agony to know that the fever raged fiercely, that the delirium continued without abatement. He could re cognise no one. What mattered who watched beside his bed, what hireling' hands ministered to him? 'He would know me,' said Clare piteously, 41 but they will not let me go to him.' 'My dear soul,' replied the colonel soothingly, 'he does not even know me, his old comrade of many a forced march. Why lie and I have ridden side by side over an Tnflian desert when we were nodding asleep in our saddles for sheer weariness. We were chums and companions for a quarter of a a, century, from Eton to the Punjaub ; and yet he does not xecognise me.' 'He would know his wife,' said Clare, with ?conviction. As the day wore on she could hardly be in duced to leave the corridor. Lunch, dinner, all conventional meals were scorned by those three women; but it was only Lady Darnel -who bad not broken her fast by so much as a biscuit since the previous evening. But at last Grace beguiled her stepmother into her den, and made her sit by the fire and take some tea and 'bread and butter. 'Do yon want to be ill, too, and make us still more unhappy ?' said Grace reproachfully. She bad insisted of giving Lady Darnel her own bedroom, the door of which was opposite the sick room ; while she herself was to occupy a little bed hastily put up in die dressing-room. This arrangement was deeply resented by Dora. ' I think if anybody has a right to be near Allan -at such a time it is I, his sister,' she said when she and Grace were alone. 'But surely, Aunt Dora, a wife's right is above all others.' ' That depends upon the wife.' 'Then, if there can be any such distinction nobody can dispute my stepmother's claim, for she Ib the most devoted of wives.' 'She has a knack of seeming very devoted,' remarked Dora. 'Seeming, and a knack !' repeated Grace indignantly. ' How can yon say such things, Aunt Dora ? How dare yon insinuate that my fathers wife is not true?' 'I insinuate nothing, Grace; and I am not going to be taken to task by a schoolgirl. I can only say that lady Darnel is a mystery to me just as she is a mystery to the county. ' Indeed, I may say that you axe the only person who appears to understand her and believe in her.' 'My father believes in her,' retorted Grace, more and more indignant. 'That is enough forme;' ' Your father is under the spell of a potent fitadnation, iny dear. Have you never heard of a middle-aged widower subjugated by the manoeuvres of a handsome widow — a widow whose antecedents are -wrapped in profound darkness?' \- 'You are talking most unjustly, Aunt Dora; and what is more yon know that yon are un . just. I wonder yon don't expect something to crawl out of your Bible and sting yon, I wouldn't .-It with my BibSe en my lap and spit 1 venom at innocent people.' *' If you caunot control your tongue, Grace, I shall go !o my own room,' said Dora, closing her Bible, and rising as if to depart. 'I shall be very much beholden to my tongue if_ it drives you there,' retorted Grace, upon which Miss Darnel had no option, and was obliged to carry out her threat ; more especially as the room was Grace's own par ticular den, and she was only a visitor there. She departed, carrying her Bible and a large assortment of angry feelings with her. Buc she did not retire to the solitude of her own apartments in the north wing. Solitude is apt to be intolerable in these periods of sus pense and anxiety. Miss Darnel went down to the drawing-room, and on her way met a ser vant who was going upstairs to announce Mr, Colchester. He was in the drawing-room, the man said, and wanted to see Lady Darnel, Miss Grace, anybody. Dora felt that she came under the head any body, so she hurried to the drawing-room, eager to be en rapport with the county ; though, indeed, in spite of his splendid position, she always looked upon Edward Colchester as in somewise an outsider. He was so good natured, so hail- fellow-well-met with all the world, so little governed by the Draconian law i of county society. She found him in the drawing-room in hunt ing clothes, fidgetiDg about with a crop in his hand, just as if he had that moment dismounted to iest his hunters back during a pause in the morning's work. 'My dear Miss Darnel,' he cried, seizing her hand, 'what a dreadful thing this is? Been out with Colonel Thorpe's harriers ; only jutt heard it on my way home, or should have been here before. How did it happen ? Is he very bad ? How is Grace ?' He forget himself in his agitation, and said Grace tout court. ' It is a long story, Mr. Colchester, and it is a profound mystery. We none of us know what it all means yet. My poor brother is in a most precarious state. I fear we may lose him.' Here the tears rushed to her eyes ; and they were not crocodile tears. If she hated her brother's wife, she loved her brother; and though she could not bear to see him happy in his second marriage, nay, resented that second marriage as if it were a deadly wrong done to herself, she could not calmly contemplate the possibility of losing him. 'Don't cry,' said Colchester, very much inclined to be tearful himself. ' Things are never so bad as they look. Doctors are such regular old ravens, don't you know. They like to frighten us out of our wits in order to take credit for their wonderful cleverness when the patient pulls through. We pulled him through they say, and then we poor fools pay their big bills without blinking. But for good ness sake tell me how it happened ? Sir Allan shot himself, they say, late last night, after you had all gone to bed.' 'Not all, 'said Dora. ; ' Lady Darnel sat up late to write letters. She was still up at the time it happened.' 'Then she must know all about it.' 'She appears to know nothing. She had been to Grace's room. She was in the corridor when she heard the pistol go off.' 'And Sir Allan was alone in his room ?' 'So it appears. He had gone to bed an hour before. He must have got up and gone back to Lady Darnel's morning-room, where he bad left the case of revolvers on the table. Why he should have got up and half -dressed himself, and gone back to get those pistols, is an unfathomable mystery.' ' He may have heard burglars — or fancied lie heard them, ' suggested Colchester. ' Some men are always on the qui vive for burglars — sleep -with life preservers under their pillows. They might burgle all round my house and I should never hear 'em; but I know it is a weakness with some men. How do you know that there wasn't a burglar there ? He may have shot Sir Allan.' Dora shook her head. '' I do not believe it was a burglar. If there had been anyone in the house — any scuffle between Sir Allan and a robber — Lady Darnel must have heard it. She was in the corridor when the pistol went off.' ' Then how do you solve the mystery V 'It is my painful conviction that the deed was either murder or suicide.' ' Suicide,' exclaimed Colcester. 'Out of the question. Why there wasn't a happier fellow in Wilts than Sir Allan ; the cherriest, the kindest, the most genial of men.' ' Kind, genial, I admit,' said Dora; 'but I know my brother better than anyone else can know him. I was his companion and confidante from the time I left school till the day he married his second wife. I do not believe that he has been happy of late. His marriage wasnotasatisfactoiymarriage. Even if he him self could have felt thoroughly satisfied — which I do not think he ever did— he knew that the county was dissatisfied with his choice. He knew.thatthecloud of mystery which surrounded Lady Darnel s antececents cast a dark shadow uponanoldandhonored family. People might likeandesteemhim, but they could not esteem a woman of whom they were told nothing, who was foisted upon them without a word of ex planation. And so they naturally fell away from their old friend; and although my brother pretended to takeihe matter lightly, ~I believe that he was cut to the quick.' 'The county are a — set of snobs,' said young Colchester, swallowing an evil word with a wry face. ' Why couldn't they take such a splendid woman as Lady Darnel on trust?' 'My dear Mr. Colchester, I am thankful to know that in good society no one is ever taken on trust,' replied Miss DarneL ' What would society be like if people were ?' 'Perhaps a good deal pleasanter than it is now,' retorted the reprobate squire, who troubled himself much less about the ante cedents of an acquaintance than about the pedigree of a fox-hound. 'No, Mr. Colchester,' continued Dora Darnel, 'my poor brother has not been happy of late. There are mysterious circumstances connected with his marriage that I have not been able to fathom ; but I am not a fool, and in spite of all outward appearances I have seen enough to know that Allan is not happy. This sudden idea of going off to winter in Italy is so unlike him — such a com plete breaking up of the life he loves— that the notion could only have arisen out of a dis turbed state of mind.' 'But, my dear Miss Darnel, the physician ordered ? ' interrupted Colchester. ' Physicians may be inspired to order any thing. They are often only the mouthpieces of their patients. If this dreadful event is not the work of mv brother's own hand, in an interval of despair, why then we have to look for a still darker solution of the mystery, and to ask where is the murderer V ' I say burglar,' protested Colchester. 'Sir Allan heard a man in the room next his own, got up, put on his coat, challenged the man. Burglar saw revolvers on table, snatched up one, and shot Sir Allan — or shot him with a revolver of his own just as likely.' 'Would a burglar enter a room in which there were two lampsburning — a room evidently occupied V ' Burglars have cheek enough for anything. No doubt Lady Darnel keeps her jewels in her bedroom, women always do.' Miss Darnel shrugged her shoulders with the air of declining to waste any more time in argument with a person of Mr. Colchester's limited intellect. ' I should very much like to see Grace,' he said, getting very red and faltering a little, ' if she is not too bad to see any one.' 'She may not be too bad to see you,' re plied Dora, ' I dare say her taste for hunting will survive the calamity that has fallen upon us.' 'True,' answered Colchester simply. 'She may like to know where next week's meets ate to be, even though she can't go out. She is always interested in the hounds. Perhaps she would like to have a couple of puppies at walk. They might be an amusement to her while there is illness in the house. But I trust in God poor Sir Allan will pull through quicker than you expect.' Dora rang the bell, and sent a servant for her^niece, Mr. Colchester walked up and down the room meanwhile, sorely troubled, and find ingno word to say to his companion. The footman came back to say that Miss Grace Darnel sent her compliments to Mr. Colchester, and was much to unhappy to see any one. 'Thank'ee,' said the young squire; and when the man was gone he added moodily, ' I didn't much think she'd see me. She's been un commonly rough on me for the last year or so. And before she went to school in Paris we were no end of chums. Good-bye, Miss Darnel ; I f hall call again to-morrow, and perhaps Lady Darnel will be well enough to see me. I have always been one of her wannest admirers, you know, and I— well, it would take a deuced lot of hard facts to make me believe that her in fluence upon Sir Allan's life has been anything but a good influence, and that he isn't as happy as a bird in his marriage with her.' And |with these words Mr. Colcester de parted, feeling more easy in his mind after he bad thus expressed himself. The vicar's wife and the doctor's old maiden sister called in the course of the afternoon, full of friendliness, and anxious to see Lady Darnel were she able to receive a friend. The county . sent cards and enquiries, but offered no warmer form of sympathy. And so the long day of grief and fear wore on, to be followed by another sleepless night and a dawn of sorrow. There was no improvement in the patient. The utmost comfort Mr. Danvers could offer was the asEurance that he saw no increase of danger. Dora and Grace went down to the dining room to breakfast on this second morning ; but Lady Darnel could not be induced to leave her room. There she was close to the sick-chamber. There ehe was within call at any moment should her husband recover his senses and ask for her. There, too, she was secure from the horror of strange faces, the agony of having to go on' with the routine of daily -life. She was shut in from the outer world — her own mistress, . . . ? - - Grace had anxieties of her own, as well as that agonisiog- fear for her father's life. She wanted very much to have a few words with i her godfather ; and on Miss Darnel retiring to ] her daily interview with the housekeeper the desired opportunity occurred, Grace and Colonel Stukely were alone. 'Have you seen anything more of him?' she asked, plunging at once into the heart of her subject. ' ' Have you heard anything ?' 'Not a word,' replied the colonel. 'Itook a long walk yesterday afternoon with the idea that I might find out something. I called at the inn, saw the landlord, and asked if he had had any strangers lodging in his house. Not a mortal. Then I went the round of the better claes of cottagers, mostly pensioners of yours and Lady Darnel's, to whom you have intro duced me at odd times. I didn't put my ques tions directly, but let out our idea of a., burglary at Darnel, and asked if strangers had been noticed about the place. I even walked across to Handlebury_ 'Union, with the notion that it was jnsfc possible the poor fellow may have had to take refuge there.' ' Oh, colonel, how utterly dreadful.' 'My dear child, the union has sheltered better men than he. However, no such person had been heard of there. So I take it Mr. Camillac must have had a few shillings about him in spite of bis wretched appearance, and that he has gone on to some other place. The mystery is that he should have come here at all, unless with the idea of seeing you.' ' I feel convinced that he came here to see me and for no other purpose, and that he is Ijirg dead or dying on some dreary common, where the fox-hounds are more likely to find him than anybody else,' said_ Grace im petuously. 'Oh, what double misery. Victor dying or dead— my father's life trembling in the balance. It seems as if the world were coming to an end.' In vain the colonel argued with his god daughter, urging that in life the unforeseen is always likely; and that there was no reason to grieve for the fate of a young man who had perhaps already fallen on his feet. Grace was not to be comforted. The romantic fancy which had induced her to pledge her young life to this stranger was a foliy of the past ; but all her womanly feelings were enlisted by her lover in the hour of his helplessness and desti tution. ' To think of me, surrounded with all these luxuries,' she exclaimed, looking angrily at the lichly furnished breakfast table, 'while the man who was to be my husband has not as good a shelter as the stable dogs.' 'My dear child, a young man's life is generally a fact of his own making,' said the colonel sagely. ' A man of education, such as you describe this Camillac, could hardly fall so low except though bis own misconduct.' 'You said that before,' retorted Grace. 'Pray don't sermonise. If I were not so anxious about my father I would take a couple of dogs and ride over every bit of wasteground within ten miles, till I found that poor fellow.' ' If that is your idea, Grace, I can carry it out for you, dogs and all,' said the colonel kindly. 'Oh, my dear godfather, how good you are,' cried the girl, repenting her rudeness. ' Forgive me for my ingratitude just now. I hardly know what I say. I am so very miserable — about Victor — about my father and Lady Darnel most of all,' ' Poor Lady Darnel ; yes, your father's acci dent is a terrible blow for her.' ' It is not that only,' said Grace, dropping her voice, and drawing a little nearer to the colonel. 'But it is all so strange — so full of mystery.' Aad then she told Colonel Stukely how she had been awakened by a cry of agony from Lady Darnel, and of those strange words spoken in a dream. ' My fault, my fault — I murdered him !' ** Was not that strange ?' asked Grace, with a troubled look. 'Only strange as dreams are strange. Would you accuse Lady Darnel of having shot her husband upon such evidence ? She fell asleep with her mind full of death and murder, and dreamt that she herself had fired the fatal shot, or had been individually concerned in the deed. Dreams are for the most part sheer lunacy. God knows what hideous visions her troubled brain may have woven.' 'Yes,' that is just what I thought at the time. But the words have haunted me ever since. You know how fond I am of Lady Darnel. I believe I love her almost as well as I could have loved my own dear mother, had | God spared her to me. And yet there are - times when I feel worried and perplexed about the mystery of her past life. Aunt Dora says . such cruel things.' I ' My dear, it is in your aunt's nature to say ' cruel things, just as it is in the nature of , wasps and hornets to sting. I don't wish to \ be rude about your family, but I fancy that ' old Sir George Darnel's second wife must have : introduced a particularly venomous strain into the .fine old stock. It is a good thing forthe race that Miss Darnel has remained a spinster.' ' Yes, Aunt Dora has a peculiar talent for being disagreeable, and she has exercised it un sparingly with regard to Lady DarneL I always take my stepmother's part ; and vet in these last dreadful days Aunt Dora's instnua- { tions about the mystery in her past life have made me miserable. If I were once to believe that she is a hypocrite, that her devotion to my father is only a clever piece of acting ? ' . ' Have no such doubt, no such fear, Grace,' said the colonel heartily. 'Your father has told me — his old friend -the whole story of Lady Darnel's life. There is no mystery, nothing that could not be told as freely to you as to me, if your father were so minded. He has held back this knowledge from you only . because this story is a dark story. It you knew all you would know that Lady Darnel's first marriage was a time of martyrdom, '. that as wife and as mother she has been j a martyr.' . 'I did not even know that she had any j children,' said Grace. ' 'Yes, there was a son, but he is dead happily.' ' He was a bad son, then ?' ' A very bad son — following in the footsteps of a guilty father. Your stepmother's life has been blameless — it has been even heroic. You cannot love her too well.' ' And I have loved her with 'all my heart,' answered Grace. ' And I will go on loving her. And I will trust her implicitly, come what may. Dear old godfather, I feel ever so much happier after this talk with you.' 'And I'll order my horse and scour the country in search of this ragamuffin suitor of yours,' said the colonel ; and to himself he added, 'and if I find him it shall go hard if I don't buy him off pretty cheap, and set this little fool of mine free to smile upon honest Ted Colchester.' Chatter VII, — ' Love will have his Day.' The third day began, and still no change in tie patient. Mr. Colchester had called on the day before. He called again at breakfast-time on this third morning, on bis way home after cub-hunting, apologetic about his mudbe spattered boots. The footman ushered him into the dining-room, and he found himself face to face with Grace. Darnel before he had time to collect his thoughts. _' So glad to' see you again; so sorry to hear Sir Allan is no better,' he faltered, as they shook hands. ' A capital run ; found at Ring tree Marsh, quarter past six; ran him into Milksham Copse, over Chadbury Common, back again into Milksham, got him out into the fields, ran right away to Pattsfield over some stifEsh country, lost him in Swatley Wood after forty minutes' hard going ; started another at half-past seven. But! ought not to talk to you about such things when you are all so unhappy, ' said Colchester, suddenly aware that he was behaving like a brute, as he saw the blank faces of the two women. The colonel looked a little interested in spite of his anxiety. 'Will you take a cup of tea, or may I give ' you some coffee ?' asked Dora solemnly. 1 ' Thank you. I should like some tea above ' all things.' i The butler had arranged a place for the 1 dropper-in at Grace's right hand, and had put i a dish of cutlets in front of that place, by way J of invitation, so Mr. Colchester sat down and took his cup of tea. He was much too agitated I to eat anything, in spite of his three or four j hours in the cold morning air and his forty minutes across country. He thought it an ? extraordinary privilege to foe sitting next Grace, to be able to'look at her and talk to her. 1 Yesterday he had been favored with a second interview with Dora, which had been depress ing to the last degree. Grace looked very - miserable ; but oh, how pretty she was in her ! misery, and how many years of his life he would have bartered away for the power to console her. But he could do nothing except steal a look at her every now and then as he drank his . tea. I ' When do you begin your regular season?' asked Colonel Stukely, after silence had pre vailed for some minutes. ?. 'Not till next month. We shall finish our ' cub-hunting this week, and then we shall have a few bye days. Our first advertised meet is to , be on the fifth of October. I hope all will be ' well here ever so long before then, and that — if I you don't go to Italy — you'll be out and in full force on that day,' added Mr. Colchester, look ing at Grace. 'I don't suppose I shall ever hunt again,' said Grace, bursting into tears, and the lord of the Manor felt that he was an undisciplined brute, always blurting out foolish speeches, snd that there was no help for him. The butler came back at this moment, with an unusually solemn air, as of one who only carries messages of vital import. He bore a silver salver with a card upon it, which he carried to Miss Darnel. 'The gentleman says that he is here by appointment, ma'am.'. 'Show him into the library,' said Dora, rising with a stately air. ' Kindly excuse me, Mr. Colchester.' . 'I am going this instant, I ought not to have utayed so long,' said Colchester apolo getically, gettingup with « b.urri«d. ajr. But nobi-dy was thinking about him, or how long he fitay&i.; Giace had gone over to her aunt. 'Who Ls this person, Aunt Dora?' she asked anxiously, ' another doctor?' ' No, it is a person on business. A person whom I sent for,' answered Miss Darnel. ' I don't think I need make any concealment of the matter. The person is a detective from Scotland Yard.' 'A detective, Aunt Dora? A detective in this house ; summoned by you ?' ' Why not, child ? If you are indifferent as to the manner in which your father received the wound which may be his death ; if you and Lady Darnel, his wife and his daughter, are content to sit down and let the murderer escape, I, his sister, am not so content. The mystery ought to be fathomed ; and as there is no one in this house clever enough to fathom it I have sent for professional assistance.' ' You may have acted wisely in so doing,' replied Colonel Stukely, 'but it would have been more friendly to acquaint Sir Allan's daughter and his old comrade before you took such a serious step, not to mention bis wife, who bad a still better claim to be told.' ' I'm very glad you've got a detective,' said Colchester, ' for I believe he'll be of my way of thinking and scent a burglar in this busi ness. Good-bye. Ill come round again in the afternoon if I may, just to see how things are going oil. ' 'Come as often as you like, Colchester,' replied the colonel heartily. ' Your presence will do something towards cheering us.' Grace shook her head despondingly. ' Nothing can cheer us till my father is out of danger,' she said, as Edward Colchester backed out of the room, entangling himself with bis spurs, and looking at her adoringly to the last. ' As this kind of thing is altogether out of your line, Miss Darnel, I think it would be as well forme to see the detective with you,' said the colonel, ' that is to say, if you wish to see him at all. I could spare you the painful inter view altogether, as I can give the man all the information necessary. I am not a stranger to this kind of enquiry.' 'I would much rather see the person myself, ' replied Dora, with an offended air. ' I sent for him upon my own responsibility ; and I particu larly desire that he should know my ideas about this terrible event.' ' If you take my advice you will tell him no ideas of your own'or any one else's,' answered the colonel sharply. ' Give him nothing but the plain facts, and let him work out the solu tion of the problem in his own way. The detective police are not heaven-born geniuses ; but most of them are hard-headed sensible men, and not likely to go far astray except when they are muddled and misdirected by nonpro fessional interference.' 'I do not think you have any reason to con sider me either a child or an idiot, Colonel Stukely,' retorted Miss DarneL 'Pray permit me to manage my own affairs. You can go with me to the library if you please.' The colonel did please, andfollowed the lady closely, while Grace went upstairs to her step mother, who sat by the fire, motionless, apa thetic. The dainty little breakfast-table be side her was scarcely disturbed from the neat order in which it had been brought into the room. 'You have eaten positively nothing, mother,' said Grace, scrutinising the table. 'I have had some tea and a little toast ; I have done very well,' answered Clare, and then in a despairing tone she [added, 'Oh, Grace, there is no improvement. I spoke to one of the nurses. She was going off to her bedroom with such an orderly air, as if life or death were all the same to her. There is no diminution of the fever, the temperature is just as thigh. He 'has not spoken one sensible word since that night. Mr. Friedricson is to come again to-day ; but the nurse thinks it would be madness to attempt to extract the brllet while he is in this state. I do not be lieve these people have any hope of saving him.' 'Oh, mother, we must save him. God will answer our prayers,' cried Grace. 'Let us pray for that dear life together, side by side, with heart, and strength, and mind. Surely God must hear and answer such prayers?' In the library Mr. Penwern, a homely looking middle-aged man, with pepper and salt hair and whiskers, and pepper and salt clothing to match, was listening and question ing, and making notes, until he had the story of Sir Allan's wound, so far as it was known to Miss Darnel and Colonel Stukely, all in black and white before him. Then he went up to seethe room in which the catastrophe hap pened, and moving to and fro quietly, lest he should disturb the patient in the adjoining room, he made a complete inspection of the ground. Here was the spot, just inside the threshold, where Sir Allan was found lying. There were stains of blood upon the Aubusson carpet to mark the place where he lay while they waited for the coming of the doctor. He had clutched the portiere as he fell, for the first three or four hooks that sustained it were wrenched from the brass rod. There was Lady Darnel's writing-table. She had been sitting there writing ten minutes before she heard the pistol shot from the corridor outside. There were the two French windows opening on to the balcony. Was either of these windows open on that night ? Yes, one was open., The colonel re membered the wind blowing' in his face as he came in at the door. Mr. Penwern stepped out upon the balcony and made his survey. It was a broad, old fashioned balcony, roofing in a colonnade out side the breakfast-room below. The iron pilasters of the colonnade were covered with greenery — a mighty wisteria spread itself along the ironwork like a curtain, an old magnolia was trained over one side of the balcony. Easy enough for any active man to scale such a balcony. No difficulty as to access. The next question to be considered was motive. 'Any valuables kept at this end of the house?' asked the detective. 'Lady Darnel has some jewellery in her dressing-room,' answered Dora, 'but Lady Darnel's are not family jewels, not of sufficient renown to tempt a thief, I should think.' 'Thieves are easily tempted nowadays,' answered Penwern. ' The trade is overrun, and business is often slack. It seems to me that this balcony is about the easiest access all along this side of the house, and the point at which any man would naturally enter. ''But with this room occupied ; with lamps burning?' suggested Dora incredulously. 'The room had been deserted for some minutes before the shot was fired. A man might have been on the watch for .this oppor tunity.' 'Surely he would have waited till Lady Darnel had gone to bed ; till the house was dark. That seems only reasonable,' said Dora. 'It seems reasonable; but there is the fact that the shot was fired, and there is the ante cedent fact that Sir Allan got up and came to that door yonder. I take it that he heard a strange footstep in this room, and that he came in just in time to surprise the burglar. Are you sure that there were no valuables kept in this very room ?' 'Quite sure,' answered Dora. 'It is Lady Darnel's boudoir. There has never been any thing kept here except her workboxes and writing cases, and books, just as you see them now.' The detective had devoured the room with his eyes. He knew every article it contained. ' In that Italian cabinet, for instance — are no valuables — trinkets, money — kept there?' he asked. 'Nothing of the kind, to my knowledge.' ' Stay,' exclaimed the colonel. ' Sir Allan told us that he had drawn four hundred pounds mbank notes for travelling expenses. How do we know_ that he did not keep the money in this room — in that cabinet, perhaps ? I saw him put away a lease in that very cabinet a fortnight ago, when I was here with him and Lady Darnel, at afternoon tea.' 'Lady Darnel would be the most likely person to enlighten us, I take it,' said the detective, who thirsted to see Lady DarneL CJntil he had scrutinised and taken stock of every member of the family and household it was to Mr. Penwern as u he were playing a difficult game of cards blindfold. When he had seen all his cards he would begin to under stand what game he had to play. After a few minutes' whispered conversation with the colonel, Dora went in quest of Lady DarneL She went reluctantly, since she would have preferred that this professional investigation should have been carried on without Lady Darnel's knowledge, a secret underground business, dark as Belzoni's re searches in Egyptian tombs. She wanted the thing to be her work, a mystery between her and the detective, to ex plode at a given moment in a startling revelation which should bring shame and dis comfiture on the woman she hated. And now \- this detested second wife was to be let into the secret, was to have due notice of what was taking place, and would thus be able to prevent discovery were she, as Dora Darnel firmly be lieved, a guilty agent in this catastrophe. 'If it was her infamy in the past which drove l''i to suicide, or if it was some lover of hers who stole into the house to murder him, this detective ought to be able to unravel the mystery,' Dora told herself as she went slowly to Grace's bedroom. ' But Lady Darnel once ' on her guard may be able to frustrate him in i his investigation, to throw dust in his eyes.' (To be continued.) 