Shakespeare rs a Moralist. —H''' ? ii. The subject of Shakespeare's morality is such' ail attractive one that at tho rist of, wearying some readers (though I am sure, at the same time, that others will be deeply interested), I return to it this week. If there be one thin;- more than another whioh marks a strong line of demarcation between mcditoval and modern doctrine it is tlie different way in wmon lue super natural ij regarded. In the nineteenth: century it is the fashion to assume that we know all about the mysteries both of nature and grace. Worms of the earth though we be, we talk as though the Almighty had in some unexplained way or other oalled ' us into His councils, and revealed to us His seorets. In Shakespeare's day, on the con trary, men did not pretend to know more than tho church taught. Then knowledge of spiritual matters was embodied and symbolised in the oreeds, and the modia through whioh grace was conveyed to tlie soul were held to be the sacraments. Hence tlie horror with which that man was regarded who was the means of depriving his fellow sinner of those supernatural divine gifts to man. The ghost m Hamlet for instance, is not forced to exclaim ' Horrible, most horrible,' till he recalls the circumstance that by his brother's hand he was deprived of the last' consola- tions of religion. The passage reads as. follows . : ? ' Brief let me be : — Sleeping within mine orchard. My custom always of the afternoon. Upon my secure hour thy uncle stole, With juice, of eurscd hebenon in a vial. And in tlie'porches of mine ears did pour : The leperous distilment : whose effect ? ? Holds iucli an enmity witli blood of man, That swift as quicksilver it courses through The natural gates and alleys of the body ; And, with a sudden vigour, it doth posset And curd, like aigre droppings into milk. The thin and wholesome blood : so did it mine ; And a most instant tetter bark'd about, Most lnznr-like, with vile and loathsome ./ crust, All mj smooth body. Thus was I, sleeping, by a brother's hand, 0£ life, of crown, of queen, at once des patched. Cut off even in tho blossoms of my sin, Unhouseled, unanointed, unannealed ; No reckoning made, but sent to my account With all my imperfections on my head : 0 horrible ! horrible I most horrible 1' Is that not a truly beautiful passage ? It was bad enough that the king should have , i been ' oi lue, oi crown, oi queen at onco despatched,' . and that too by a brother's hand ; but that the murderor should have attempted to kill the soul ' and allow no reckoning to be made between it and its God, and that the poor spirit should depart unhouseled (without the holy viaticum), unanointed (deprived of extreme unction), unannealed (unab \- solved from sin), this was indeed most horrible. And; mark the fearful present conse quences of the unprepared departure of the King.,. His ghost thus describes them:-^-'' ' I am thy father's spirit ; Doomed ' for a certain term to walk the night ; ? And .for- tho day, condemned to , fast in ' ' ' ' fires', Till the' foul crimes, done in my days of nature, Are, burnt and purged away. But that I , am forbid To tell ;t lie secrets of my prison-house, I could a tale unfold, whose lightest word. Would harrow up thy soul ; freeze thy young blood ; Make thy -two eyes like stars, start from . ; their sphere^ - Thy knotted find combined locks to part, And each paiticular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon the fretful porcupine ; But the eternal blazon must not be To eaTS of flesh and b'ood.' In the same play the folly of mere earthly affection 'and the superiority of a life of . contemplation to an active one in the ' world are woll brought out, thus 'Get thee' to a nunnery. Whywould'st thon be a breeder of sinners? . ... . , If thou dc'st; marry, I'll give thee this plague ' for a dowry ; be thou as chaste ns ice, as pure dp snow, thou shalt not escape calumny. Get thee to a nurnery ; farewell. ... I say, we will lmvs no more marriages : . those that are married already . . shall live ; the rest ,. shall keep as they are. To a nunnery, go.' So much for leaving the world-; now for .-. battling with it. Borneo, in the third -act of Borneo aaid Juliet, appalled' at the bad worldly consequences which have resulted from his marriage, (upon : which he had -adventured, be it remembered; disoreetly and soberly) talks,- of j-.- killing himself.. Friar Lawrence thus addresses him : — ] ' Hold thy. dei-perate hand : ? , ? ? _?;- ' . Ait. thnu'a man-? iliy form ones' but; thou . v art : ... :*j , : :: ;Tliy ' tears' are ' womanish j - thy :wi!d acts ' 'denote' ? The unreasonable fury of a beast ; Unseemly, woman, in a seeming man ; Or ill- beseeming benst, in seeming both ! j Thou hast amazed me. By my holy Order 1 thought thy disposition better tempered.' The friar proceeds (o advise him, arid succeeds so admirably in recalling him to .well-disciplined manhood, and convincing, 'him' that his duty is to protect his wife, iiBtead of basely deserting his responsi bilities, that Borneo exclaims — ' How well my comfort is evinced by this 1' How true, notwithstanding all this it is that, as the ..Preacher said, 'there is a r : time to live and a time to die.' The time -v .to, ; live , is when duty oalls upon, us- to grapple with difficulties and this is what Shakespeare:' has hitherto taught us. Let .. ' Ushsten^to his voioe in another predica '.'.inraii*. 'Mttrina (in Pericles) has been in veigled into a brothel, where all sorts of ,,,, traps are laid to ensnare her virtue. She ,i thu8 '(like St. Agnes on a similar occasion) . announces her resolution — ? 'If fires be hot, knives sharp, or watcrs deep, v; Untied I. still my virgin knot will keep.' . ' And so' well does she aet up to/ this ? virtnouB resolve that she' even converts those who are set upon her and thus ad dresses one. of them, Lvsimaohus — ? ..'For me. ? , ' ? ?-That am a mnid, though most ungentle j, r ' fortune : ; ... Hath placcd me here within this loathsome .- sty, . . ' '/. Where, since I came, diseases have ibeen sold, ? ?? Dearer than phytic. 0 that the good gods ??''--'?Would' set mc free from this unhallowed place, ' Thpupli they did change me to tho meanest ' bird ..That flies in the purer air.' What an exquisite image is that last; ' a, The. bird flying unfettered in Hie pure air - uneontnminated by the notice of man, and . uninjured by tjjie craft of the devil, con trasted with popr Marina, aipong human ! ' Velves, in the lupariar. This is fortitude (last, but not least, of tho cardinal virtues) in a woman. See it, i on another occasion, aB exhibited in a man. Richard, Pn]{e of Gloucester, has deter \- , Viincd to seize the throno. Hcis credibly in ,.forpied_that Lord Hastings (who pretends to be his friend, and who lias actually been his instrument in doing tp death three of ' W- enen'es) 18 plotting against his life. With admirable coolness and decision he resolves to despatch him. And this is how Shakespeare describes the incident, which, is historical. Richard outers tho Counoil and thus exclaims— ' r i . ' I pray you all toll me what they deserve, That do conspire my death with devilish plots'' ? Of damned witohcraft; and that have prevailed ' Upon my body with their hellish charm3 ?' Hastings, eager to kill Richard's sus picion at onoe, before all .the rest, ex claims ' The tender, love I bear your grace, my lord, ? MakeB me most forward in this noble prcsencc To doom the offenders . , Whoso'er they be, I say, my lord, they have deserved death. Gloucester renlies : . Then be your eyes the witness of their evil, Look how I am bewitched, behold mine', arm Is, like a blasted sapling, withered up : And this is Edward's wife, that .monstrous witch, 1 Consorted with that harlot, strumpet Shore, That by their witchcraft thus have marked me.' Jane Shore was ourreutly reported to be Hastings' mistress, aud the latter know that by accusing her of plotting against his life the Protector really charged him as .a participant. Losing courage he falters out — , 'Ifjtlicy have done this deed my noble lord—' In a voice of thunder the man of iron will and decision answers — !; 'If, I Thou protector of this damned ' ? strumpet; ; : . .?? - ; Talke'st thou to me of if's 1 Thou art a traitor, Off with his head Now by St. . Paul I swear, I will not dine until I see tho same.' ? Would that such a man as this were now England's Protector. 0 for the spirit of tho Plantagenots — those statesmen and'heroes— who had the minds, to discern the designs of foreign nations and the hearts and will to fight agaiust them. The warlike spirits of old no longer rule the state, but the vile demon of, trade, repre sented by a Gladptone, allows English honour to be trampled in the dust. 0 for the pen of a Shakespeare to ' scourge the rascal, naked, through the world.' TBUTH. 