EVENINGS AND MOENINQS TB THE BTTSil THE BUSH. BY "PEUTETBE." [The pleasures of sleeplessness—The font night of my last visit to Woolcumaorifer!. Belzebnb, or his bird; or the mianig^ horrors of my bedchamber—An incident in the life of a cookatoo and a oat—Wanted a Fallible Ohurch.] ' A SLEEPLESS night. HaBt thou neve» learned from thine own wakeful, reatu, experience, O thou who now readeBt that a day of exoiting or fatiguing oeoupatioB does not always ensure to thee a speedier lapse at night into the balmy abyss of that long, profound, lethean slumber into whioh thou expeotedst to be plunged as soon as thou hadst laid thy weary head upon thv compassionate pillow ? It was thy hope u thou drowsily cast off thy garments'b* the foot of thy oouoh, that thine eyelids should be sealed, and all thy seven senses be instantaneously and irreBistiblv plunged into the delioious ooean of somnolent oblivion as thy head WBB laid upon thy oompassionate pillow; but Nox and Sige ordained it otherwise, and tired Nature's sweet restorer oame not near thy curtains. Then began thy fiery grief—at first in wonder at thy watohfnlneeB, and then in tossings and turnings of thy uneasy liniba' and at each turn oame the desire to tnhx again, as' if relief would oome by frequent ohange of 'posture ; but tbe current in thy veins only grew more hot, and thy nightdrees beoame a Dejanira gift, wrapping thee in flame ; and then the sounds and voioeB of the past day return upon thee, andre-eehoin thy brain, and will not oeaee their torturing olangour. I do not at all envy thee, 0 gentle reader, the sensations of a sleepless night, if ever thou bast enjoyed one. If thou did, I do not think thou wilt ever pray for another, especially after an agitating day of protraoted turmoil, Bnoh a night may oome of other oauees besides over-exertion or exhaustion. A jealousy quarrel with yonr sweeheart may bring you a night of exquisite emotions, " better imagined than desoribed," and of whioh I have no wish to deprive you. I leave tbem all to yourself, as I would leave you the bliss of a burnt, finger. Or you might lose a night's sleep after losing a good Government billet; or if your hard-hearted tailor refused to measure you for a new suit for the mayors ball; or if you had bet your last shilling on the wrong horse ; or if the bailiff was sent in to sit on your sofa ; or if you had a very superior toothache. In these, and several other trying cases, a sleepless night would not seem to be altogether out of place, and I speak feelingly, and from the very vivid reoolleotion of two or three such ambrosial nocturnes of my own in times gbne by, and the latest of which befel me on the night of my arrival at Wooleamaurifer, and this night was thus. My landlord's friends mustered at the Kangaroo Club Hotel on the evening of his return from Melbourne. He had been away for a fortnight, and snoh a severance from his Dtilce Domum was embraced by a score of the hotel frequenters as a very good excuse for sipping a glass extra of very good liquor. Some sippers enjoy their wine or gin with a more serene conscience when they have a fair excuse for their anti-teetotalism. Accordingly, an EXTEHPOBE SYMPOSIUM was got up in tbe large baok parlour, where my landlord was installed in his arm-ohair after tea, and then the room resounded with the tinkling of spoons and against the sides of glasses, and with the loud, language of fervent hotel declamation, until the netir bell in the new tower of the new Town-hall gave warning that the email illegal hours had commenoed, and reluctant sippers must say Good-night to the Kangaroo. A select party of five or six received a seoret intimation from an authorised waiter that my landlord requested them to assemble in the small front room up stairs, where a petit eouper solicited the honour of mastication by their molars, and here the impromptu festivities were continued on a very appetising scale for more than an hour. It was close on to 2 a.m. when the house was finally given over to the care of Somnus and bedroom candlesticks, and just as I had shut the door of my old sleeping apartment the town clock chimed, and then struck tbe ghostly hour of 2. The gas bad bfeen laid on Bince my firBt visit, but not caring to give a waiter the trouble of lighting it at that late—or early—hour, I had taken « bedroom candlestick to .my room, and stood with it in my band listening to the sullen clang of ,the town plock, and called to mind tne tones of many a European town clock,' and of many an old Cathedral tower, from which I had heard the solemn hour of 2 annOunopd. As the vibration of the second stroke died away I advanced to the dressing table, and in Betting down the candleatick the light fell upon a large looking-glass attached to tbe table, and. presented ta my' view a dimlyreflected portrait of myself in the glass. All the world knows that I : am awfully superstitious and frightened at ghosts. Consequently, as soon as I beheld my own shadow in the glass a nervous chill or tremour passed over me. For I remembered fearful legends of 'my nursery day's wbioh ground it into me as an artiole of the .goblin creed that, if I should he alone in a'room by myself after midpight, and looked into a mirror, I should Bee anotbWarid'a hideous face raise itself up behind tod peep ovelf my shoulder, abd "while ''it 'fixed"Its ghastly look upon me,* at'-' the same time it would stealthily lift its long, Waoki snake'like arm to coil it round my neck and strangle 'me. The stillness of the room, and the latenesB of the hour, and the mystery of the dark demon face as I saw it once in my child mind's eye may have disponed me to a susceptibility of weird influences, and another thrill of tremulous Apprehension stole over me. I did not like to look into the glass again, and I wished for someone to oome to my door and knock, and dispel my sadden fit of trepidation. For a moment I seemed spellbound, and began to fear that evil spirits hovered invisibly in in the dark corners beyond the bed. At this instant, when my nervous stupor was growing painful, a loud, sharp, discordant voice behind me exclaimed, "Now, d n your eyes, what do you say to that ?" My first thought wa'sthatBeleebUb wasthere, and that he would seize and oarry me off vid thechimney. But A seoond thought swiftly ensued upon the alarming first, ana suggested to me that the voice, though demoniac enough in its intona<tion and utterance, was not Belzebub's, bat of something far less fiendish and profane, and as I raised the candlestick to throw' the light on the gloom, a voioe of mild entreaty begged of me to "give poor Polly a bit of bread," and on looking up I saw a large •white oockatoo perohed on the rod of the window curtain next the door. The diablerie of the situation was at once merged in the ridiculous, and the oold perspiration which had began to ooze from every pore •evaporated in a laugh. It was the pet of the family for its shrewd oommon sense, soctat disposition, and noble orest. A pious Ostler, had taken some painB to instruct Folly in English grammar and the art of swearing, rand my bid friend, Miss Mildred, had endeavoured to correct Polly's immoral habits fey some religious tuition, and taught IPolly to say, " Bless you, give Polly a bit of foread." Polly was a studious bird, •sod strove hard to perfeot himself— tot, in spite of the feminine name, Polly was <of the inferior or masculine gender—in the lessons given him by both his tutors, and would often hook and crook himself up by his bill and claws along a clothes line wbioh hang down by a post in the stable paddock, and waddle back and forward on the cross .bar, repeating his two speeches a score of times over and over, though the OBtier's prayer was always pronounoed with more distinot emphasis than Miss Mildred's bene- diction, as if Polly knew what " D n your eyes " meant, and that he really meant it. He never said " Bless you " with half the ornithological unotion which he infused into the "I)-—n your eyes." Polly had "one enemy, in a brown cat with large yellow •eyes and a stumpy tail. This cat was liked by nobody on acoount of her uncatlike looks,; 1>ut was tolerated for her merciless conduct ] towards the mice of the establishment. One day i this yellow-eyed oat came up the servants' passage, and saw Polly very busy ripping off & knotfrom the large mat at the foot of the front staircase. Puss' crouched, and crept On until she came within distance,'and then spr&iig; «]fon poor Poll, who was knocked 'over on'bis ba'ck, with one of his pinions in the oat's mouth. Poll, though taken by surprise, struck oat spasmodically with hiB claws, and happened to oatch the oat by one of her ears, and thus was enabled to poll his-eaemy's head on one side, and hold it in hat position while he straok at piiBS* face with bis strong hooked hill, and at the firat jerk scooped the oat's eye out. Puss, in an agony; let Poll's wing go and stumbled over on the flags, and wriggled found and round as if she did not see whither to go, bnt at last retreated from the field of battle by the way she had oome, while Polly, (from a cloud of his own feathers, torn off in 'the scuffle, cried out in triumph, "Now,d a yonr eyeB, what do you say to that P" MiBs Mildred, who was standttg inside the side passage window of the Bar, and saw the fight, ran round and came to Poll's assistance, but Poll did not seem to have suffered severely in the strife, beyond the loss of his feathers, though it took him two or three days to ad- Just his ruffled' crest and plumage. But now, here I was, at 2 o'clock in the morning, exposed -to thb 'bad language and saucy inquiries of the spoiled pet of the family, and what was I to do at so unseasonable an hou'rp Turfed to 00a* Polly ilO'wn' from his roost with some bits of 'sweet biscuit I had in iny pocket; but Poll wis deaf to my soft word'B, aUd 'Spurned my sugared crumbs.' He drew himdeM up to Irs fall height, erected his fine crest^ and peered down soorbfally ou me with hiB jet Mftok eyes; and badb medefianee. Then I lit the gas, placed a obair in front of the table which stood in the recess of Poll's window, and unfolded one of the towels whiohlay on tKe dressing table. IWith this towel' I mounted from the ohair to the table, and thus came face to faoe with my pretty bnt profane oookatoo. He seemed to think 'his dignity in danger, and shuffled off sideways, from me along the - rod; but as he moved I threw a towel over him, mufflled it round his feet, and :t>j«)ught him down from his "pride of place/' with his feathery diadem and his coroneted head and jet black eyes ignobly tlindfolded in a Baden. He did not resist or remonstrate, but submitted silently to his fate; and then, opening tie room door, on tiptoe I carried him to the rail of the banisters at the stairs-head, and set him with his feet upon the rail, and then removed the bloth. The lamp was still burning in tbe hall below, and ag soon as he saw the light he opened'his throat with a sucoeBsioin of exaspera^dsbreains or shrieks that filled tke comdorB like the blast of an untuned tiugle or clarionet, as'if h'e'WaB protesting'to the- whole household against the dishonour inflioted on him. I fied tb my room, leaving him 'to' 1 explain' the oause of his ototcry and ftbger as %;ell as he could, and locked my flctor. '80011'after X heard W/»'inia Voices ftij&'fobt- ' 7. In steps on the stairs, and Polly was borne away anathematising the eyes of all creation, and publishing hia wrongs and insults as he went. But he had his revenge. Polly had murdered sleep in me for that night beyond the power of soporific to revive. . The appetite for bed was gone, and a journey into dreamland not inviting. Bleep was gone from the sleeping-room, and a train of unconnected thoughts and fragmentary recollections came pouring in upon me. I would rather spend a sleepless night anywhere but in bed, I would sit up and read. But I had no book, and then oommenoed a searoh round the room for a volume of some sort. It —or was—a practice in first-claBS English hotels to put a small Bible and book of the ANGLICAN COMMON PBAYEB in the bedrooms. Being long aware of this holy aB well as hospitable practice, I was prepared to meet with these two books at all events. My landlord was an English man, and the Ghurcb of England is generally the Church of English botelkeepers. The Kangaroo Club had undergone a thorough renovation in an English direction since my former or first visit. I was sure to find an authorised version on the chimney shelf or obest ef drawers, and on the latter they lay along with Shakespeare's plays and a volume of Crabbe's poems. I took the Prayer Book and Bible, and, seating myself under tbe gas light, I turned tbem over promiscuously here and there, and thought of all tbe changes the Anglican liturgy had undergone before it was moulded into its present ritualistic shape, It was changed by King Edward VI. changed by Queen Elizabeth; changed by James I.; changed by CharleB I.; cast out on the dunghills by Oliver Cromwell; cleaned acd restored and obanged by Charles II. rejected by half the English people as a folly or a falsehood ; and now a great clamour by Anglioan churchmen for its further and radi oal ohange in its whole structure and dootrines; ay, " doctrines fashioned tc the varying hour." Then I thought of Mrs, Sparkisley, a model Via media High Church woman of the most intensely ProteBtant type, for there is no Protestant so absurdly, yet inconsistently, ProteBtant as the High Churoh diecipie. The thought of Mrs Sparkisley recalled the subject of our con versation in the Grongar coach. She didn" meet the word "Infallibility" in the Bible, Therefore, she did not believe the papal infallibility. If she had only seen the word the Bible, s.he might - then consider whether or not ehe would believe it. She did not undertake to believe it even if it was in the Bible. She reserved herself even from contingent belief in it; but she should like to see the word in the Bible before she did anything. As it was, she was very happy in believing that her Anglioan Churoh was both Soriplural and Fallible. That was the beauty of tbe thing. Tbe Church of Eng land was the most truly Scriptural Churoh in England among 120 different Churches but, nlthough so undoubtedly Scriptural, the said Churoh of England was as un I notedly fallible as ehe was Scriptural. Of course the Scriptures were Infallible. Even "the poor, outside Protestant Dissenters" admitted that much. The Scriptures were infallible. But the Church of England, b-ung in all respects most Scriptural, was, for that very reason, perfeotly fallible, and could be mistaken in artioles of faith, and teach what was false instead of what was true. So, at least, Martin Luther had said, and so Thomas Cranmer after him had said, and everybody was bound to take Cranmer's word for it. Why crazy Martin's word was to be taken iB not very clearly explained in the Scriptures, but all Protestantdom is agreed that Martin was an apoBtate monk, and hia word is there- fore as good as the infallible Soripturea. Supposing then that Martin L. was infallibly right, is it not a queer riddle to give out that a Church moBt truly Scriptural should be regarded by all Presbyterians and Uni tariansand "Nonconformists" on the ground that she is most unEoriptural ? And then, again, as these Nons and Cons and FonniBts.of 150 varying sorts and sizes, are all thankful to God for being fallible, how are they all so sure that the truly Scriptural Churoh of England is fallible F If they are all fallible—that is, liableto be mistaken—how is it that God sent them to oarry the message of Salvation to immortal souls ? Eternal consequenoes depend on God's message being accurately delivered. A mistake would be fatal to the souls of millions. Does it oomport with the wisdom and goodness of God that he should commission messengers in his name, and bearers of his truth, who would be as likely to forget their message, or to misoonceive it, or to blunder in telling it as not P Why should any "Churoh" be fallible? Why should God's Churoh not be infallible P Why do all Protestants advertise in this style : " Wanted, a Fallible Church. No Infallibles need apply." Is it then a jest, sir, or only an insanity ? Or is it a weariness to you already P Is it a dark family secret which you don't like to be talked of, but kept quiet in the background p Has Bishop Thornton, of Ballarat, or Arohdeaoon Slattery, of Geelong, pat an end to itp Look you, sir, this Infallibility sums up and concentrates in itself the whole body of Catholic dootrine as now denied or disputed by the Protestant world, and it will be the vexed question, the bone of contention between the Churoh and the Seots, nntil the next General Council. "Ia it in the Bible ?" asked Mrs. Sparkisley. What is the answer P 21st September, 1885. THB dread disease oalled " The Siberian plague" has made its appearance in three different villages within the immediate district of Odessa. ' 