T0W1ST TALK? Onr cable messages state'that the protocol of the agreement which has been concluded between Great Britain and Russia with ! regard to the Afghan frontier has been signed on behalf of the two powers. In eonseqnence of the paucity of the rainfall in the province of Mysore, Iudia, a famine is feared to be inevitable. The R.M.S. Peshawur • arrived at Por Phillip Heads at half past one oTclook. yes- i terday morning. A letter has beeti received from the Chief Secretary stating that his Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch will arrive at Geelong to-morrow afternoon at half-past three, by special train, for the purpose of opening the bazaar in aid of the Ladies* Benevolent Association. Two private carri ages have been kindly placed at the disposal of the vice-regalparty, which will convey them immediately on arrival to the Mecha nics' Hall, driving round by way of Moorabool-street. Mr F. Dicker Hamilton, a former residett of this town, and a well-known sporting journalist, died in Sydney on Friday evening last. His was for years a well known figure on all the racecourses oE the colonies, and hie turf contributions to the press under the signatures of "Nimrod'a Ghost" and "ToutCela" were familiar to all. He frequently/ a . few years past, furnished this journal with gossip anent our local race meetings, under the no?« deplume of "Nestor." Mr Hamilton, who was born in the south of England in 1820, came to the colonies about 30 years ago, and Boon established a reputation for himself as an amateur runner in Adelaide, from whence he shortly afterwards sailed to Tasmania and New Zealand, where for some time he occupied a prominent position amongst owners of racehorses. Mr Hamilton leaves a widow and four children in indigent circumstances, and it is in contemplation to initiate a subscription for their benefit. At a quarter past nine o'clock last evening the kitchen of a house in Candover-street, Geelong West, occupied by Mr A. A. Curtain, and owned by Mr Le Levre, coachbuilder, was discovered to be on fire, and the alarm having been given by the Geelong West bell, prompt efforts were make to extinguish the flames by - the brigade, assisted by several members of the Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade' and the Salvage Corps. Although the reel of the first- named brigade was early on the scene i' was not found necessary to throw.a jet of water on the fire, which was speedily sub dued with buckets of water. Although the wooden partition of the tenement caught fire, very little damage was done. The firemen and Salvage Corps hastily removed articles of furniture from Mr Curtain's house. in the absence of any of the family, and the police were left in charge of the premises. Mr Curtain, whose fnrnitare is not insured, Btates that he locked up the house at seven o'clock in the evening, there not being any fire left in the kitchen fireplace. The house, we believe, is insured. Great credit is due to the brigadiers for the alacrity displayed on receipt of the alarm. The prospectors for coal in the Cape Otway forest are vigorously proceeding with their operations in boring and tunnelling. The seams of coal already met with are said to be 3£t. Gin. and 4ft. in thickness, and the work of exposing them for view to the Government inspector when he arrives has been pushed on. It is said that there are excellent deposits of potters' clay, and also fire clay. A party of six persons, formed in Sandhnrst, intend taking np a large tract of conntry to the sonth of Colac, and making an effort to develop the mineral resources of the land. A slight accident happened on Saturday t0 a juvenile named Charles Holmes, residing in James-street, through his enthusiasm at the Geelong versus Essendon football match. Mounted on top of a fence, be applanded the efforts of the former until he lost his balance, and fell to the ground. He sns« tiioed lacerated injuries to the arm, which rendered a call to the hospital necessary, where they were attended to. A girl aged eight years, named Mary Forster, residing at Jan Jnc, also had injuries to the right elbow, cansed by a fall, attended to. Mr Heron, P.M., and Mr GibsoD, J.P., attended the Police Court on Saturday. Two men, named Edwin Church wood and Richard Hope, were arraigned. Constable M'GreaJ stated that at half-past six on the evening before he saw both prisoners fight ing in Corio-street, in the neighborhood of the watchhouse. They were on the ground, "pommelling" away at each other. On ob« serving his approach one of them—Hope— jumped up and rau away, and the other com batant was arrested. Id abont five minutes Hope retnrned to look for his mate, and was then secured. The watchhouse records showed that Hope was on the 19th March» 1SS3 (under the name of Wilson), fined 40s, or one month, for insulting behavior ; on the 3rd November, 1SS4. for nsing obscene language, 40a, or 14 days ; on the same day .he was sentenced to three mouths' imprisonment for assaulting Constable Austin; and he had also served two months for assaulting Sergeant Swale. The constable said Hope was a larrikin of the worst type, bat his companion had only once previously been before the court, and was generally well conducted. Mr Heron regretted that the punishments pre viously passed on Hope had not been effec tive, and fined him £5, or three months' < imprisonment, and Chnrchwood 40s, or one month. The latter fine was paid. On Saturday, at the police court, Mr W. I H. Dixon, the Trnant Inspector, proceeded against Patrick Ryan for neglecting to send his child to school the required number of days in the quarter, and a fine of os was imposed. Another case, in which John Dunstan was the dcfeodant, was struck out. The following appointments have been made by the Governor-in-Council —Messrs G. Breunan, Alex. Hood, and Robt: Smiley to be members of the school board of advice for the Paywit Riding, Shire of Bellarine ; Mr Peter M'Kean, to be a trustee of land permanently reserved as a site for a public library and reading room at Colac, in the room of Mr Peter ■ M'Lean, appointed in error; Mr George Booley, to be returning officer for the school district, Hast Riding, Shire of Bannockburn. According to our Melbourne correspondent, it is whispered that things have not been quito so harmonious as they might have been between gentlemen interested in a comic newspaper published in that city There has been, it appears, a difference of opinion on the subject of books, which has cnlminated in one partner going to a Supreme Conrt judge iu order to get power to se6 the books, to which he had been denied access: In connection with the removal of Mr E. E. Pollard, district superintendent on the Gippsland line of railway, to take charge of the Ballarat and Geelong line, the railway employes in hiB present district have (the Ballarat Star states) resolved on making him a presentation. This will take the form of a handsome tea and coffee service, and will be handed to the recipient at Warragul on Thursday evening next. An invention which will be found of great nse to hotelkeepers, as well as to the general pnblic, has just been patented by Mr B. Gleeson, of the Caledonian Hotel, in Littlo Ryrie street. The sale of bottled ales has proved expensive in many hotels where the demand has not been brisk and the Honor spoiled through being nncorked. Mr Gleeson's invention meets the difficulty. As soon as the bottle of ale or stout has been opened, and part of the contents served, the bottle i3 placed on an ironwork stand, the base of which is formed of springs. By pressing the bottle downwards the neck of it comes under a screw, covered with an india-rubber washer, which fits into the bottle, thns effectually excluding the air. By this means the liquor may be kept for a week or longer in just as sound aud whole some a state as before the cork was re» moved. The invention, of course, can be applied to champagne aud all other kinds of 'iquors from which it is necessary to exclude the air. Messrs Scott, Davison and Co., of Ryrie-street, have been appointed the local agents for the invention: Yesterday afternoon Caroline Stephe&Vj; aged 25 years, an unmarried woman, who j his beso acting as a oorse at Mrs Wyatts residence, at Fyansford, wa3 brought into Geelong, as she had betrayed symptoms of insanity. Xhe police were commnnicated with, hut they could not take any action until a medical certificate "was obtained. Dr. Smith was called to examine the young woman, and he gave a certificate to the effect that, In his opinion, she appeared to he of nnsonnd mind. Miss Stephens was then arrested on a charge of lunacy by Constable M'Cracken, and oa a warrant signed by Messrs Pardey and Brady, J.s.P., she was remanded to the lunacy ward at the hospital. The hitherto invincible football players representing the Geelong Club had their colors lowered on Saturday for the third time this season, the conquerors bong a TPt-y strong and fastjteam from tbeEsseudon club, which met with a surprising defeat on the previon3 Saturday at Williamstown. The game was a most exciting one, the utmost interest being taken in it from start to finish by over 6000 spectators. Both teams struggled manfully for two hours, at the end : of which Essendon were declared the victors by seven goals to six. The steamer Excelsior brought from Melbourne about 300 passengers, nearly all of whom visited the scene of the football competition and re turned by the vessel, which was detained until after six o'clock for their accommoda tion. The special train from the metropolis conveyed nearly 700 passengers. On. Friday evening a meeting of }he Victorian Football Association was held in Melbourne, when a resolution was passed that a series of intercolonial matches, i° which a Sydney team should be invited to take pari, miould be played in Melbourne on the 22nd May, in Sandhurst on the 26th May, In Ballarat on the 25th May, and in Geelong on the 29th May, the net proceed® of the matches to be handed over to the representatives of ISew South Wales. A special meeting was then held to consider the protest raised by the South Melbourne clnb against GeeloDg for playing Hatson in a contest with South Melbourne, Matsou having *-?»lr*»" part in a match, Co lac against JBirregurra. There was considerable diversity I of opinion, but it was ultimately decided unanimously that the protest should he dismissed. With regard to the association's decision in awarding to Essendon the reccn^ ■matrb played against the South Melbourne club, a notice of motion was given to rescind the resolution which altered the goa* umpire's verdict. In connection with this matter Mr JEL P. Douglass, one of Geelong5 representatives, intimated his intention of „ supporting the notice of motion. The members of the Corio Bay Bowing Clnb hare tendered to their popular president, Mr J. XL Hopkins, a compli mentary dinner. The event will take place at Mack's Hotel at eight o'clock next Wednesday evening. Our Inverleigh correspondent writes:— A very pleasant gathering took place at Warrington's hotel, Inverleigh, on Wednes day evening, the occasion being a farewell dinner to Mr Firth. Mr Grant occupied the ] chair, and Mr Costaln the vice- chair. The usual loyal toasts were succeeded by the following :—" The Parliament of Victoria," j responded to by Mr Mulloy ; 44 Oor Guest,' proposed by the chairman, and responded to by Mr Fxrth, who said he felt the parting with his old friends very deeply; 44 The Press," responded to by Mr F. Amiet ; *' The Ladies," responded to by Messrs Worland, Campbell, and Fnller ; The Chair and Vice-chair," proposed by Mr Firth, and responded to by Messrs Grant and Costaln j respectively 5 " Mr Mulloy," who In responding iock. advantage to mention the high esteem in which Mr Firth was held by the inhabitants of Inverleigh j 14 The Host and Hostess," responded to by Mr Warring ton. Mr Firth was presented with a hand, some silver watch, dnly inscribed, during the evening. Songs by Messrs Nicholson, M'Cartha, Haygartb, and Amiet added greatly to the enjoyment of the evening. Xhe Exhibition theatre- was packed in every part on Satnrday night with visitors to the Emerson minstrel entertainment. A large portion of the audience were foot ballets, many of whom no doubt felt grateful for the music supplied on the Corio ground by Mr Emerson's orchestra daring the afternoon. The dress circle contained the two team?, who were present by invita tion. The minstrels acted with unusual vigor, and the allusions to the football nh made by Billy Emerson in his song, 11 Tidings of comfort and joy," were stormed with applause. The programme was tho roughly enjoyed by the immense andience, and several encores were insisted upon. The company proceed to Adelaide tbi8 week ; but we understand that Mr Emerson -has been so gratified with the patronage accorded him here, that it is Ins intention to revisit Geelong at a future date.' ft There .were 256 births and^99 deaths re gistered in Melbourne and the; suburb^ during the week ended the 5th insfc. Four handsome volumes of plates, forming a memorial of the exhibition which was held at Jeypore in 1SS3, have been received by the Government through the Agent-General from the Maharajah Madho Singh. Mr | Service intends to present the volumes to the trustees of the Public library. Sir John Coode on Friday completed his ; inspection of the various works submitted to j consideration by the Melbourne Harbor | Trust. The most important brought under his notice was in connection with the pro posed dock to be constructed near the Varra, below the Melbourne Gas Company's works. Sir John Coode also had an interview on Friday with Mr Steele. Inspector-General of Public Works, in reference to certain baibor works at Portland, Warmambool, Belfast, Gippsland Lakes Entrance, and on the Mitchell Elver, Gippsland. The ques tion of utilising the water of tbeVarraas a motive power was also considered. It is stated by the Age that Sir John Coode will proceed to Sydney early next week, and after reporting on certain harbor improve ments in the sister colony will depart for England, via Isew Zealand and America. On arriving in England he will draw up his 1 report on the works and plans submitted to \ him by the Melbourne Harbor Trust, and forward it at the earliest moment. We hare received from Messrs ICicholson and Co, of Melbourne and Sydney, a copy of their near illus trated catalogue of pianos, containing designs and descriptions of the most famed instruments, by the best European The catalogue has" been compiled at considerable expense, all the engravings hare been executed by colonial artiste, and in general **et-up and tvpogiaplucal finish it viB bear favorable comparison with similar productions of Great Britain and the Continent. The Melbourne papers the other day contained an yntfmntinn t>rat "Mr Patrick OToole had applied for a transference to himself of the license for the Manners Sutton Hotel, Carlton, and the matter had been postponed. Mr P. OToole, of the Kewmarket Hotel, Geelong, desires his friends to know that he is not the individual referred to. Hoe&x;^lz'XheAtibtraZasiajiInsuraJictajidBankinj lUxord for September. We learn that the shares in the Koyal Bank of Queensland, which is being floated, are being rapidly applied for. -Applications hare already been re ceived for 32,000 shares in Melbourne alone, and great confidence is felt that the bank trill prove to be very successful. The rapid development of banking business in Queensland is shorn br the enormous increase in advances, and deposits made and received during the past 15 years. The advances during the last quarter of 1570 were £1,300,709 ; whilst during the first quarter of 1SS5 thev Wl increased to rorruiwa t» - * -.t. _ .•» £0,790ffe33. During the same period the deposits lodged in the bnrytrg of the colonv hare risen from to -£C^C1^33. Mr James Bendy, Malop street, is the broker for Gcelong, from whom pro spectuses and all information mar be obtained. The share list closes in a few days, so that early applica tion for shares is necessary.* The first annual meeting of the Temperance Cricket Club will be held in the Temperance Utile Malqp^treet, on Wednesday evening, at S o'clock. Mr John Bernolds, of Brrsdale^ announces else where that the stud horse, Earl of Bartold, will travel through the Bellanue district this season. Special attention is directed to the clearing sale at auction this dar, at two o'clock, l<v 3Ir John Davison, tinder instructions from 3Ir 1L Fink, of the balance of stock-in-trade of groceries, oihneris stores, etc., shop fittings, store utensils, and sundries. As the premises .are let, the whole must be cleared. Mr E. J. Jones wishes attention directed to his unre served sale cf furniture, etc., at noon to-day, on the premises. Corio-street. Attention is directed to the auction sale, this dar, at noon, by W. P. Carr, on the premises, of Mr Glee son's property. Messrs W, F. Danker and Co. draw attention to an important sale of properties situated in the parish of WurdiYouaDg, to be held in their rooms o n Saturday, 56th September. 