Divers Ways. (WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER XXVII. BY ONYX. TWO months had passed since Adine had been installed as a member of the Walloon household. She had recovered her health and she was cheerful, though the sharp eyes of Mrs. Charteris divined that she was brooding over ncr father's strange silence. Whether any more tender sentiment was at work Mrs. Charteris could not make out Adine never voluntarily spoke of Mr. Ashley, though when he was made the subject of conversation she joined freely and without restraint At to poor Francit Otway he had not a ghost of a chance, so Mrs. Charteris informed her hus band ; and "it was a pity that the man could not realise the fact, he only worried Adine and made himself ridiculous." This, however, wss scarcely just on the part of Mrs. Charteris. Otway did not make him self ridiculous or make any show of his affection at all, but he was stanch and leal, and he made Adine feel just what he wished she should feel—that he was a friend always to he relied on; that, no matter what happened or who interfered, he was always ready to help or defend her; and the resoluteness of the man and the self- denial he displayed gave a oertain nobility to his character and a depth to hit feelings and expressions which made him a very different man to the pert youth who had been despatched to Wicheloe, and had fallen incontinently in love with Adine. Adine was sensible of all this—of his improvement, of his devotion, of his constancy. She respected him as much as any man she knew; was grateful to him; but there it ended, ana Otway knew well enough that it ended there; hut it might be different Time changes so many things. Why should a woman's heart be the exception? So he loved and served. He had availed him self of Mrs. Charteris- invitation to Walloon, and it was after this visit that Mrs. Charteris recorded her opinion to her husband. A new addition had been made to the Walloon household since Adine had been living in Bydney. A youth had been confided to Mr. Charteris. care to gain colonial ex perience. Fancy coming to Mr. Charteris, of all people in the world, to gain experience of any active thing! Evidently he had been a different man in the days when his friend, the father of the colonially-intended youth, had known him ; for he begged bim, for the sake of old times, to take the boy and see what could be done with bim. "He is just the fellow for the colonies," the anxious father wrote, "willingto do anything"—"aad com petent to do nothing," he might haveadded with truth; unfitted for profession or trade or any thing else, having imbibed the scantiest amount possible of the intellectual nutriment that had been lavishly spread before him. So John Bontham came out to Walloon to gain colonial experience, and as his father paid very handsomely for his son to prove that he could learn no better in the colonies than in England, and as Jack was a good-natured and fairly good-looking youth, Mrs. Charteris endured his presence, and Mr. Charteris was as kind to him as a shrewd clever man could be to one who provoked him incessantly by excessive stupidity. If his head was large, and the amount of brain power deposited within tho cranium unusually small, that was no fault of Jack's any more than that his hair was yellow, his nose snub, and his ears large and red. Jack, of course, fell desperately in love with Adine from the moment she entered the house. He was at a susceptible age, and young ladies were scarce in the locality. It was no matter to him that Adine was several years his senior any more than that she generally appeared unconscious of his presence. He gazed at her, he watched her as she lay on the sofa, and fell in love. " How much longer are you going to gaze at Miss Greatorex !" asked Mrs. Charteris laugh- ing, as she had watched Jack for more than a quarter of an hour at one time staring at Adine. Jack coloured crimson, and his red 'are got redder still. Adine looked up and laughed good-naturedly. " A cat may look at a kihgi she said, trying to cover John's confusion. She Was too much occupied with her own affairs to have observed the disorder the was causing in poor John's hitherto calm and tranquil bosom, or heart, or whatever part of our organisation it may be that falls in love. John looked gratefully at Adine. " She is an angel t " he thought "Could that angel by any possibility be brought to love him ?" Jack sighed. Then he bethought him that a good large slice of his father's handsome fortune would be his, and his face brightened. The young fellow was not altogether a fool. He did not for a moment insult Adine by thinking that money would have any weight with her in the choice of a husband; neverthe less that money counted for something in this world bad penetrated even Jack's thick skull; money meant comfort, pleasure, luxury ; the world and all its etceteras, as Mrs. Charteris would say; and it might help Adine to listen to him, or at least its possession might justify him in addressing her. It is said that love is a developing process : it was developing Jack at a great rate—he was becoming calculating and far-seeing; never theless it led him into a pitfall—and the ruin thereof waa great. Several nights after the one in which Mrs. Charteris had surprised him gazing at Adine Jack spent in practical efforts. St Valentine's day was approaching —it was an opportunity not to be lost. Valentines were not to be purchased in those far-away places, and even if they had been Jack would have scorned them ; bought sentiments were not for him to offer to Miss Greatorex, it must be something of his own — original, tender, true, and gently leading to the point at whioh he so ardently desired Adine should arrive. He was aware that in conversation he did not shine. It would be long before he would be able to intimate that which he so devoutly wished she should know; and, to add to his usual infirmities in society, the mere sight of Adine bound his tongue. A short poem might help to break tbe ice; and Jack thought that if he once got a footing he could make way. He thought long and heavily; he spoilt quantities of paper; nothing seemed to come to his mind but Verdant Green's address to Pattie Honeywood. It was exactly the kind of thing he wanted to say to Adine. But then it was addressed to Pattie and it could not pass as original. John murmured it over again to himself: Pretty Pattie Honeywood, fresh, and fair, and plump, Into your affections I should like to jump. "Pretty Adine Greatorex" wonld not sound so welL " I suppose a fellow ought to be sentimental to make poetry." Jack said to himself as he rolled over on his back. He had been trying very hard, but not an idea would come. " The girls always said I had not a grain of sentiment about me, and I suppose they were right;" and Jack heaved a sigh from the very lowest button of his waistcoat, and looked up to the heavens where the moon was rising in her glory. "Hang it all, a fellow ought to feel poetical— the moon, and the stars, and being in love, and all that sort of thing," and John felt really hardly used, as if he were defrauded of a right Oh, Adine, beautiful, pure, and sweet That was a good line, but then nothing would rhyme to " sweet" He tried again. Oh, Adine Greatorex I oh, my love I Beautiful, pure, with the eyes of a dove. Bravo ! that was " coming it," if he could only get more to " hang on;" and John put the pencil down on the log beside which he was lying and doubled his fists into his eyes, and literally "squirmed" in the agonies of poetic delivery. If you. would only consent to be mine, All things I have should be laid at your shrine. Bravitsimo! John could not help feeling that it was good, really good, although it was his own, ana people say you cannot judge of your own work; but John felt convinced now that he had achieved poetry. He wrote out the precious composition several times, and each time he wrote it he admired it more. At last the eventful day arrived; good or bad that copy must be the actual one to be given to Adine. His hands trembled as he folded the sheet in the most graceful fashion he could devise. He scarcely dared to look at Adine as she took it from ncr plate, on which he had laid it himself, and opened it A merry peal of laughter, gayer and merrier than any sound that had come from Adine for many a long day, caused Mrs. Charteris to look up in surprise. Before she could ask a question Adine caught a despairing glance from Jack. In a moment sho guessed the truth—not only that it was Jack who had sent her the valentine, but that what he had written he meant from the very bottom of his honest heart. Both pained and vexed, Adine coloured as deeply as Jack himself. "Oh, Jack! I am so sorry." The words escaped almost without her knowledge; but before she bad finished Jack had vanished. He understood. He felt she bad compre hended, and that that "Ob, Jack! I am so sorry," was bis answer. Luckily only Mrs. Charteris wss present during this little episode, and she wni too good-natured to make fun of others' sufferings, however ludicrous the shape they took. Jack's secret was well kept, and after a time John learned to look at Adine without blushing, and Adine added another stanch friend to her list Chapter XXVIIL Four months passed before Mr. Ashley appeared at Walloon. " I thought you had forsworn this part of the world altogether, Ashley," said Mr. Char teris as he went out to welcome his guest " I should be very sorry to do that I had to go down south unexpectedly." "Ay! what a thing it is to have so much property!" " I detect a sneer. You mean the trouble is at least as great as the advantage." Mr. Charteris laughed. "The grapes are sour, I admit. I should be happy to encounter the trouble this very moment " Not you! * Love in idleness' is your style." " And yours is ' Love —how ?'" "No liow. Work is my lot It is" Something in the distance distracted his attention, and he left his speech unfinished. Mr. Charteris followed the direction of his eyes, and saw Adine. She saw Mr. Ashley, and came forward. By this time Mrs. Charteris had become alive to the fact that there was a new arrival, and came out to greet Mr. Ashley. " You have come just at the right time. We have a number of nice people staying here." "It is quite unnecessary to inform me of that. Mrs. Charteris. At Walloon the hostess is a host in herself," said Mr. Ashley gallantly. "By Jove, Ashley, you are coming out! I never thought you were a lady's man before!" "You are in.considerable ignorance about many of my best points evidently, Charteris," said Mr. Ashley laughing. He was in high spirits, and Mrs. Charteris was charmed to have such an addition to her party. Tbe bright colour tbat Mr. Ashley's sudden appearancee had called up still lingered in Adine . cheeks, but she stood very demurely by the side of Mrs. Charteris, all her thoughts concentrated apparently on teaching a young bignonia shoot which way it was to turn. " I thought you would have been to see us before this." said Mrs. Charteris to Ashley as he stood by her on the veranda after dinner. "It was impossible. I was obliged to go to Victoria. I can assure you it was no want of desire to come." He spoke so quietly and earnestly that Mrs. Charteris forbore her usual repartee and spoke as gravely as he had done. "You said something about not coming until some matters were settled, I remember, so I thought you were staying away purposely." "No; nothing of the kind. Those business matters remain just as they were. Has Miss Greatorex heard from her father?" he asked after a slight pause. " Not a word. Did you ever hear of snch a father before. I declare I have not patience to speak of him, and all this time he thinks Adine is with that wretched woman." "He has been informed by this time that Miss Greatorex is with you, I suppose ?" " I am sure I do not know and do not care. I daresay Mr. Carter has told him. It would be a good thing for Adine if he were" Mrs. Charteris stopped abruptly, for Adine was standing by her side. "They want to go down to the river; what do you think ?" asked Adine of Mrs. Charteris. She looked more bright and eager and animated than Ashley had ever seen her before; the colour that had been to bright when he arrived had not altogether vanished. She had on a soft white dress and deep coloured roses in her hair, and her beautifully formed hands and arms looked like polished ivory in the bright starlight 411 think there will be plenty of mosquitoes," replied Mrs. Charteris. "Oh yes! of course—but the lilies are so lovely at night The scent is far sweeter than in the day time." "Just as you like. Will you come?" she asked, turning to Mr. Ashley. "Oertai_ly." Everybody eeemed to want to go, but the boat was large, there were plenty of gentlemen to pull, and time was no object Jack Bontham would very much have liked to steer, and then he might have sat beside Adine, or at all events sat and gazed at her— for in spits of the unfortunate valentine he had not yet conquered his devotion. He was Adine's abject slave, and now that Adine's eyes were opened to the fact she was very considerate and kind to poor .Tack. Perhaps it would have been better for him if she had not been, for be tortured himself with twisting her words and actions to mean what in his heart he knew they did not mean at aIL Poor Jack's love wss ludicrous, but he suffered as much as if he had been the cleverest and handsomest of men. The dove's agony at finding itself in the talons of the hawk may be small, but it fills the capacity for suffering in the dove, and a giant can suffer no more. To-night Jack was specially engaged in watch ing Adine, for there was a change in her. She was brightand restless; the apathy thst had so often been her mood of late had fled. -Fate—in the shape of Mr. Charteris— ordained that Jack should be one of the first to take the oars. Now Jack prided himself on hit rowing, so if he was not to sit beside Adine he wss not sorry to have to nulL Adine had once said she liked to be rowed by him. They pulled leisurely up stream, while the rest of the party lounged and chatted and joked and laughed. The mosquitoes were bad, as Mrs. Charteris had predicted; and the gentlemen hsd to get large ferns to try and keep off the enemies. <rThat is the best place for lilies; let us get close, Mr. Charteris,'' exclaimed Adine. Mr. Charteris, who was steering, obeyed: and toon a gigantic bunch of lilies waa deposited on Adine's lap. Everybody gathered lilies, snd everybody banded them to Adine. " Enough yet f said Mr. Charteris. "Very nearly; is not the scent exquisite?" and the held up as much as the could of her fragrant burden. Ashley, who was watching every movement, thought the pure white star-like lilies were like herself—and from that night he never saw a water lily without thinking of Adine. When they had nearly cleared the little island of its clusters of white flowers, they went on again. "Somebody ting," said Adine, who, quite contrary to her wont took an active part in the direction of amusement. "We have the beauty of the stars, and the sweet scent of tbe lilies, now we must have tbe soft sounds of music;" and obedient to her command, some one com menced to sing. First, the old fsmiliar Canadian Boat Song, the song tbat has been sung at so many picnics for so many years, and comes upon us like the voice of an old friend, not hackneyed by use, but loved for familiarity. The rowers rested on their oars, and let the boat drift They had turned homewards, and the current took them slowly and silently back to whence they came. All the party sang except Adine and Ashley. Adine, though she was so bright and lively, and had so peremptorily commanded music, felt she could not sing herself. There was a curious swelling in her throat, and she was so keenly alive to the melody that her bosom heaved as she listened; it seemed different to any music she had heard before, more intense and thrill ing. She felt that she would never forget that night, with its deep blue sky lighted by the lustrous nebula- of the milky way, that looked indeed a roadway of stars across the heavens; the dark water with its white gleaming ripples, the dense shadows of the trees that lined the river, the delicate scent of the white lilies, and the faces of her companions that shone whito in the starlight Lyster Ashley took the lilies from her, as he handed her out of tbe boat, and he walked beside her from the river to the house, but he did not attempt conversation. He seemed to feel the influence of the night as Adine did herself, and Adine felt thankful for his silenoe. [to be continued.] 