IM- flUlUfiJJ misiil \ OR, The Bailiff's Sclnme. By MRS. HARRIET LEWIS, ? ATJTHOB OF ' THE DOUBLE IiEFB/' THE BTVAli COUSINS,' ' THE HOUSE OF SECBETS,' ETO. CHAPTER V. — The Question op a Life. The village of Wilchester, a mile distant from the Towers, 'was situated ip. a pleasant, sunny valley, shut in by low Kentish Mils, ?which were crowned with handsome dwel lings, fair green fields, orstretches of purple forest. Upon one of these hills, visible from every part of the Tillage, rising from the midst of its surrounding greenery, was the 'stately castle of Wilchester Towers, by far the oldest place in the neighbourhood. Upon opposite or adjacent eminences were situated beautiful villas or elegant mansions, the seats of noble families, many of them of higher rank, but less ancient pedigree, than Sir Archy's. The village was small, consisting of two wide streets crossing each other at rujht angles, after the fashion of so many English villages. Upon the upper Btreet, in square brick mansions or ornate cottages, set in gardens of various dimensions, dwelt the local aristocracy-*— the doctor, the lawyer, the rector, a few army officers on half pay, a retired rear-admiral of the navy, and one or two younger sons of noble houses with their families, who had come to Wilchester osten sibly for the sake of quiet and pleasant society, but really for the sake of economy. Upon the upper street, also, was the pretty, rustic stone church, with, its porch draped in vineB, and its memorial windows, the pride and admiration of the church-goers. The lower street contained the shops and market-place, the homes of the trades people, and those who gained their daily bread by the exercise of £ome active em ployment. WilcheBter was a quiet, dreamy Iittlo place, little frequented by strangers. 2J'o excursionists from town ever disturbed itB precincts. On market days the country people thronged into the busy lower street; and during the hop season crowds of ill-fed wretched-looking creatures, wbo, seemed just emerged from eorae union, or just released from some woxfegbop, passed through the little town on iheir way to the hop-grounds. The great houses on the Burroundine; hills, however, were often gay with fashionable visitors, and ihe village aristocracy were wont to gossip at tea-fights and evening parties of the gay doings 01 the higher aristocracy, with whom they had not even a bowing acquittance — much to their secret envy and chagrin. On the lower etreefc, near the station, was the village inn, the Blue Boar. It was a quaint, old- fashioned edifice, with a tea garden in its rear and a porch in front, which, was provided with a bench for tavern loungers. The taproom of the Blue Boar was spotlessly neat, and usually filled with appreciative quests. The inn parlour, with its diamond-paned windows, flowing dimity curtains, yawning fireplace, heaped high. with living coals, and worn, but well polished furniture, promised more eonfortf to its occupant than all the stately drawing rooms of modem city hostelry. In this snug parlour, on the afternoon -of the very day on which the preceding events Lad occurred, two strangers, just arrived on the down train, were seated at their private table, upon which a tempting' little dinner was displayed. The more noticeable of the two was a, youth of apparently three and-iw%nty years, ? tall, broad-chested, and athletic, tlie incarna tion, of manly beauty and grace, fira broad' brows showed themselves the seat of a noble . intellect. His brave, fearless blue eyes, of the rare, pure, deep blue of a summer's sky, were bright and keen as the eyes of an eagle. Bjs mouth, shaded slightly by a drooping moustache, while capable of expressing the, tenderest emotions and . almost womanly: sweetness, was yet. firm, in all its lines,. and without a trace of weakness or effeminacy* His fair hair was Hung carelessly back from his forehead, and ihe whiteness of £h» latter contrasted effectively with the bronzedlower face. There was a high-bred, patrician air about this youth, and it was evident that lie also possessed the truest nobility — the nobility of mind, heart and straL He looked like ons j born to command — as much. {torn. Ins grand and towering mental qualities as from here ditary right. His companion presented s ^striking con-: treat to all that eplendour&nd; grace. He; belonged to a lower social order ^evidently, but there ires an honest look In- Ms eyes, andanhOTeste^jreBeion^mJbisronjced, florid countenance that showed «£ loastone reason why the Wo should be on 'terms of «uch apparent intimacy. ,' ?=, The fi-une gentleman tw*& «aHed Hugh. Chandos. Bis' comcamoi me Irisfciter*' brother and personal attendant, Martin Cross. *I cannot -eat; I 'am too excited,' said Hugh, quitting the table and going to the window.ifrom which he could command a viewof^the street. * My veins seem, filled with molten fire. I wonder, Martin, if I am noton the threshold of a discovery that will affect my whole destiny.' ' In truth, Master Hugh, I don't rigntly understand why we have come to this place at all.' Hugh smiled* and seated himself, still at the window. Then he drew from an inner pocket of bjs coat a thin packet of old and fcime-steined letters, neatly bound together withjfJbibon. ^1*11 tell yon the whole story, Martin, so far as I know it,' he said, undoing the packet. 'Ton kDOW that I have never, in my remembrance, seen my parents. This jOTirney lias to do with them.1 Martin dropped his knife and fork, and turning in his chair, faced his young master. ' In order to make my story plain to you, Martin,' said the young gentleman, af fcer a pause, * it will be necesBary to remind you of much that you know already. You know that your mother, good Margery Cross, was my nurse and foster-mother. You and I are nearly of the same age, and spent our early years together, sharing the same instructions and care. When Iliad grown to be of suitable age, I was placed by your father at a gentleman's school. 1 left it for Harrow and Oxford. I have been supplied bountifully with money — more than I can use. I bear an honourable name, yet I cannot be sure that it is my own. I recognise the fact that some person has watched kindly over my destiny so far, but I have no idea who that person is.* 'All this I know,' Master JElragh,' said Martin, withdrawing himself entirely from' the table. * But you did not know, mygood friend, my foster brother,' replied Hugh, 'what longings I have had to solve the mystery of my being. I knew there was a mystery, for ydnr parents always evaded the questions I put 'to them concerning my parentage. I have had doubts, feara and suspicions. I have walked through life alone, suffering tortures you can never understand. Alter leaving college, uncertain how long these mysterious allowances of money would continue, I de voted myself to the study of law. I have just been admitted to the bar, and am in a position at last to face the world, to stand up lor myself, and to search out this hidden mystery of my life. Yesterday I decided that Margery must tell me all she knew. It was my right t8 hear it. I so represented the case to her. Heretofore I had. pleaded for that knowledge. Yesterday 1 demanded it. My demand was successful. Margery told me everything she knew about me. Alas ! that was so little ! ' Hugh sighed, and fixed his gaze upon the dull street below, with its occasional passers, as one who saw nothing. His nature, how ever, was eminently hopeful, and it was not long before he had shaken off his brief gloom and turned a bright back face upon bis trustworthy attendant. * Why, didn't mother know all about you ? inquired the latter, in surprise. ' She must have known who your parents were, or she couldn't have had you placed in her charge. Surely, Master Hugh— forgive me — you didn't come out of the Foundling ? Hugh laughed in a manner that instantly dispelled the fear of his foster brother. * My origin may not be more creditable, Martin,' he said, 'but it has the merit of being more romantic Listen. Your mother was at home one evening, just 22 years ago this spring. She lived then in a little de tached cottage at Kensington. Her door was open, her table spread for tea, and she stood in the door-way, with you, a little child in her arms, waiting for the return of your father from his day's work. The evening had just fallen, and the streets were already dark. There was no light in the cottage but the light of the fire. While she stood there, her figure outlined by the firelight, a man came slowly along the street, a child in his arms. He stopped before your mother's cottage, hesitated, then abruptly entered. Your mother retreated, and would have pro cured a light, but that he told her not to do so. He inquired her name, her husband's business, and the number of their children. Then he told her that the mother of his child was dead, and that he was seeking a nurse for the little one. He offered Mar gery a handsome price for her services as nurse, desiring to leave the child with her. Margery acceptedhisofcer atonce,halfdou.bt ing her good fortune. A bargain was made im mediately, Margery's first year's salary paid, and the business was completed. The stranger then pressed the child to his breast, and Margery says she «aw his tears fall on the little, unconscious face. She says she is sure that the man was the father of the child. He placed the little one in her arms, and then departed alone ; but twice he came back to kiss ins child once more, and to see if it were still contented. He went away, tMartin, and your mother never saw him again.' * And you. wereUiat child, Master Hugh ?' * Yes, Martin. I was that child: That man, my heart tells sne, was my own father. He sent every year to Margery a handsome Bum -of money for my support. When I had attained the proper ag©, he ordered thai I should be put to school. Your father placed meat thja school designated. The tetters continued to come yearly, each re mittance being larger than *he last. Minute instructions accompanied each remittance, directing my studies and my life. In short, Martin, that man — my unknown father — has been the invisible fairy who has guided and directed me and wafcohed over me all these years. Margery never answered his letters— never knew his address. He never wrote to me personally, and until yesterday I never beheld bis handwriting.' * I -wonder tow h& looked, said Martin, thoughtfully. ^Margery says that as she saw Mm only by the fire-light^ -she eannot describe him with, exactness, but she thinks I am las «x&d; counterpart. He was dressed! in black, and appeared like, a gentleman used to society — to use Margery's own words. Helovcatne. *£hsse.ia no doubt of -Siat. f jtaotr beis xoyJatiher. Be ranjsfc be living, or lie could not have jjontasued bis remii iaooee and letters xmta jnpw- Bat why las bfi never claimed ^ne ? - Wfejr hm bo never comedo see snef Wby^fca^fc not permitted mBtoiamviaiaf 93b6Bpsaw the questions %bsfc trouble nwnow.4 ^Bu* what has our journey fawn to Jflifa jpWiF^ jgrvfr to do wish, ifeis 'mysterious indivkufilf' asked Mar^fi.' ' 'These,' replied Hugh, separating iha letters he had in his hands, 'are the letters he wrote to Margery. Afl but .one at» post marked London. The exception is stamped Wilchesier. So you see, Marian, I have a faint clue to work on. I might Bearob. Jjon don for ever without finding a trace of lilm. Here I may meet 'with some success. I mean to try for it. The WOchesiertelter Was sent last year, and, like all the o£b£ns, Is signed ' Chandos.' Now I have to inquire after a gentleman of thai name £ist. It is possible that the name was assumed. That lemaabs to be seen. Margery says be wore diamond studs in bis shirt-bosom said fit bis trriefa. His allowances to me ijrove him rich. HSs handwriting is taat of an educated send xe fined person. Of coursp, I must look for him, then, among the gentry, or possibly still higher. I shall give up xoylixb 4© fee prosecution of this search. X will kaov if I have a right to ilie came I bear; i£j la fact, I have a right to any name.' And the young man's face grew proud and white at the bare possibility of discovering tiiat his heritage was one of ehame. 'And I will join you in the search, Mas ter Hugh,' cried Martin. 'Wipwill work together. I promise yon that X waU give up my life to your service,* ' Hugh grasped the band of Ms fbsjter brother warmly, and the compact was sealed. ' Let us have the landlord up,* said Hugh, ' and I will question him. Just ring the bell, Martin, and we will learn, to begin with, if there is a Chandos in the neighbour hood.' Martin hastened to comply, Tinging ih& bell lustily,' while he exclaimed : ' I begin to like this mightily. We *re al ready in a full blaze of mystery, romance, and — who knows ? — riches and honours I* CHAPTER VL— The Mujhigh* Se&sch.; The night had deepened and Wilchester Towers was hushed to stillness. The tread of servants had died out in the corridors, and lights and fires had faded from every room, save the library. There Sir Archy, Rosa mond, and old Bettine still remained in earnest and secret consultation. The baronet was pacing to and fro with a feverish impatience for the moment of action. Rosamond sat before the fire, bathed in its ruddy glow, ber face still bright and resolute, her bronze eyes fol lowing the movements of ber father. The centenarian had sunk into a deep reverie. A silence had fallen upon the three, during' which their strained hearing could detect the murmur and moan of the fierce November windB without, as the|t restlessly tossed and fumed and fretted' about the Towers or among the neighbour ing trees. Suddenly the silence was broken by the silvery chimes of the clock on the mantel shelf. ' Eleven o'clock,* said the baronet, pausing in his wearsome march. ' It is time for me to be at work, . Rosamond. You think you had better go with me, darling ?* ' Of course,* answered Rosamond. * I may be able to help yon papa. Get a lantern and tools ready, while I run np stairs and dismiss my maid and change my dress. I will be back directly.' Without waiting for a response, Rosamond battened from his presence to ber own rooms. They were more than ever delightful in contrast with the task before her^ The candles had been freshly trimmed in boudoir and dressing-room, and the ample fires flamed and sparkled on their freshly swept hearths in cheery ruddiness. An easy-chair had been drawn np to the hearth, and a dainty white cashmere dressing-gown and. slippers of snowy velvet, duly warmed, awaited the pleasure of their owner. Bessy, the pretty Kentishmaid,was dozing before the fire on the thick hearth-rug. She started up at the entrance of iier young mistress, who said quietly: ' You may go to bed, Bessy. I shall not retire yet.' * Your bed is warmed, Miss Rosamond,* returned the maid, rather sleepily, ' and your night clothes are laid out in your dressing-room. Good night, Miss.' Rosamond responded kindly to the salu tation, and the maid departed to her cham ber. ' ' ? Then Rosamond hastily changed ber bright-hned garments for a short dress and cloak, with hood attached, of sober gray cashmere, and exchanged her satin slippers for warmer ones of list. Thus equipped, she secured her doors, and returned to the library, where she found Sir Archy awaiting her, with foil paraphernalia of lanterns, matches, knives, hammer, and &? stout pick, all of which might be required during the pro jeoted search. ' Gome- my darling,' he said, shrouding his figure and equipments in a long military cloak, which he buttoned across his breast ; ' we have several hours before tis in which to try our fate. Look the library door Rosa mond.' They passed out into the dimly lighted corridor, followed by old Bettine^nd paused while ihe young girl complied with. Tier father's latest injunction. * We will gQ through the castle jto the Gray Tower, instead of passing out : of doors/ whispered S£r Archy, when Rosa mond bad dropped the key of the fibrary door in her pocket. * We must^movesoffclyv If Hadd a suspicion of our designs he would frustrate it. 'He intends the bidden trea sure' for his son. Come.' Softly and stealthily, like midnight rob bers, the three stole along tke corridors and great, empty, ghostly rooms, their wiy lighted dimly by a lantern which Bosamond withdrew from -beneath her father's cloak; '-? Heavy shadows lay thickly all around them, shadows^ which, the imaginative Rosa mond would at another -time have peopled with grim and ghostly, images. The apartments nearest the Gray Tower, is the main edifice, had not been used for years ; all need for them having declined with the fortune and hospitality of the house. The dust lay thickly on these base and unused floors, and the winds penetrated into the rooms, sighing and meaning1 like imprisoned spirits. 'The wind sounds like 1;ne ghost ot ^h& laughter ibat used to eoho between ibese WauBin the rayoldtames'wbfinXwas«boy»'- said Sir Axbny, half -nervously, half jsadlr. * Ah,' Rosamond, oar iortunea 'were'Vrigbt then. Xf yon could but have *een *he bouse of Wilch&ster; in its glory I What bright forms once ikvdSSed. this very room, bow given api© the wind i What |ewtils bave flasnedb^i^whatfmeiTyjvotcwbAT& sodded where all is now duit and aeBolaioon V *It may all be so again, papa,* replied Rosamond, cheerfully. *Ab old Befctine reminded me, history repeats itself. If we find this treasure -we eeeWe will otitdo thepld times, dear papa. More than that, our prosperity .will he snared by our tenantry and the-villag© poor/ (to be cosinroiED.) 