CHAPTER XVII. WE SEND A BOAT. The evening lay in a fine clear darkness astern, the white stars plentiful and bright. The Silver Sea was reeling off a fair six knots, and a wide stream of froth poured out from under her stern towards the moon's wake, but the crescent was yet too faint to do more than give a pallider look to the foam that ran under it. The sea had a cold weltering ap- pearance, despite the fair, warm night. A chill came off it that was not to be met by an overcoat; and as the head of a surge ran with a yearning gush of foam out of the gloom to the ship, and fell short and melted into a sheet of seething white that was upborne like a floating shroud by the following billow, I thought that let the weather be what it would over the ocean—hot, if you like, as the shadowless equator—it was but a bitter cold grave a drowned man would find in the silent heart of the vast and restless shadow I was looking at. I peered into the darkness over the taffrail for the barque, and not seeing her raised the glass to my eye, and searched afresh, I swept the sea line from our star- board to our port quarter, guessing if she were not in that field she would be nowhere; but no blotch to represent her or any other vessel that way rose between the lens and the stars which winked into the telescope all along and just above the horizon. "She's foundered," said I aloud, though to myself, and not without a sort of consterna- tion, for I had made sure of seeing her, and this evanishment was a kind of shock in its way. "There's na doot about that, sir," said a voice, and I found the second mate, Mr. Semple, at my elbow. "Upon my word," I exclaimed, "a man should be able to sympathise with nervous people who think the ocean but a perilous playground, when he looks along its surface for a ship, visible but a few minutes before, and finds the frothing platform as bare as the sky." "Ay; the sea's got a maw ye'll not find in the land," answered the second mate gravely; "when a mon dees ashore there's a mark put up, the sexton mak's a moond over him, ony way ye knaw where he is, and feel that at ony moment, by digging, ye'd come across what's left of him. But it's different with the sea, sir. When a mon sinks he's moor gone than had he been turned into smoke and blown away by a gale of wind. Where's that barque noo? Ye may follow her in fancy, if you like, sottling down in to the water there. But thot's not it; she might ha' been fule of people—t'would ha' been arle the same. There's a score of heeds of froths where she went down; but there's nowt under God's eye," said he, with a glance aloft, "to show you where she made a hool, and the surface remains the same as when the Saint created the earth—aye, and it would remain the same if every ship upon this globe was to founder and tak doon every sailor mon alive at the present time." "Well," said I, struck by such fancies as these in a plain merchantman, and not a little impressed by the pulpitical twang and rattle of his north country notes, "one thing is quite certain, wherever else she may be, she's not afloat." Just then the colonel, with his wife upon his arm, came along. "Is that you, Aubyn?" he shouted, halting to windward of the wheel and peering over the spindle at me. "Yes," said I. "What have you been looking at? Any- thing wrong; anything in sight?" "I have been trying to find out where the barque is; as she has disappeared, Mr. Semple, and I have concluded that she has foundered." "There's na' doot of it," said the second mate. "Well, this is a pretty state of things!" cried the colonel. "Barque gone down, do you say? A pleasant omen, by Jupiter! I say, Edwards," he roared, "do you know that the vessel behind us has sunk?" "Has she, indeed?" sang back Edwards in the tone of a man who is perfectly comfortable and does not want to be bothered. Pipes came rolling aft to have a look. "D'ye see anything of her?" cried the colonel to him. The old chap peered and peered and then said, "No, she's gone. She was more in a hurry than I thought." "She's gone, do you say?" demanded the colonel. "Ay, she's gone." "Well, confound it all, this is a beastly thing to happen right under one's nose, damn it!" bawled the colonel. "Why, in the name of Heaven, do you want to put us in the way of these accidents, Captain Pipes? shoving your ship into the thick of them. Hang it! even now your aiming for the other vessel as if we had formed a party for the purpose of going to sea in search of horrors." "Anything but a drowned body for me, please, Captain Pipes," said Mrs. Inglefield, languishingly. "I am far from being a brave woman, Mr. Aubyn." "There's no need to talk of drowned bodies, ma'am," responded Pipes. "You may navi- gate the ocean for years and never come across such an object. As to my putting you in the way of these disasters, colonel, you've seen how it came about, as well as the other ladies and gentlemen. There may be a chance of saving life in running down to have a look at a craft knocking about like that there chap ahead of us; and I hope there's no living creature about the Silver Sea as would object to the rescuing of a fellow being in distress." "Oh, that's all very well; and if there's a fellow being in distress, I hope he may be rescued, confound it!" cried the colonel. "But what I say is, if we're to call ourselves a party of pleasure, there's no use in you, as captain of this ship, steering us into un- pleasant sights and making us gloomy with deucedly unpleasant reflections. Eh, Aubyn? Pipes is no fool, but I don't see how he's going to answer that. What should I say if a friend asked me to a ball, and on my arriving led me into a family vault, and begged me to interest myself in skulls and dust? By Gad, I must tell Edwards that. Hang me if that's not a simile worth repeat- ing." And away he stumped with his wife on his arm to the group at the other end of the quarter deck. "He's the most nervous gentleman I ever had to do with," exclaimed Pipes. "Timid! why, if a baby was to make a face at him he'd run away and hide himself." "He has suffered much from his liver, and the liver, you know, plays Old Harry with the nerves," said I. "How comes such a man as him in a fight- ing calling, sir ? I never had much respect for soldiers myself; but I've usually found them with courage, anyhow. But here's a military officer frightened by an abandoned ship going down." "Captain, you must take no notice of him, except to laugh at him, as I and the others do, I suppose we shall be fetching that derelict soon—if she should prove to be abandoned." I went to the side, and past the curve of the mainsail saw the ship lying about a mile ahead of us. The narrow strip of moon and the stars threw out among them light enough to shed a faintness of white upon the sea, and the ship in it was a dull pale shadow. Pipes said to the second mate, "There's been nothing like a signal of any kind shown. She'll be abandoned, as sure as my head's in my cap. But we'll give her a good chance; so get the mainsail hauled up, Mr. Semple, and let some hands stand by the mizzen tops'l braces and back the yards that we may pass her slowly." I walked to where Mr. Edwards was sitting, while the watch came over to the main clew garnets. "This is the sort of thing to make time fly at sea," cried Hornby. "We require at least one excitement every day." "Why are the sailors pulling up that sail?" enquired Miss Edwards. "That we may not pass the ship too rapidly," I replied. "Suppose Pipes should run into her!" shouted the colonel. "Eh, Hornby? Nothing more like to happen with a man who will go mousing about among wrecks." "Then we must vie with one another to distinguish ourselves, and all that sort of thing, don't you know," replied Hornby. "For example, my ambition would be to cover myself with glory by preserving the life of Miss Edwards." "You're free from gout, Hornby; but don't talk of glory to me," said Edwards. "There's no covering one's self with anything in acci- dents at sea. In fact, I think it is the rule for people to uncover themselves at such times." "Here comes the ship!" exclaimed Miss Inglefield in her quiet voice. She was close to the windward, and went rolling and slewing past us very slowly in consequence of the backed mizzen topsail yards deadening our vessel's way. She was 300 tons bigger than the Silver Sea, and her high freeboard and tall bulwarks made her look a complete lump of craft in the gloom. "Hark! what is that?" cried Miss Ed- wards. It was the tolling of a bell that had appa- rently got fixed in some fashion so as to allow the tongue or clapper to strike the sides with every roll of the wreck. It was a strange and mournful sound to come out of the deep shadow which the ship's hull made upon the dusk of the night there. We passed her so close to leeward that her yard- arms and ours seemed almost to come to- gether. Pipes may have wanted to frighten the colonel or to leave himself in no doubt as to the vessel being abandoned; but be his reason what it would, I was not a little eased when our helm was put over and the big craft was on our quarter. The skipper hailed her with all his might, but the only answer he got was the dreary tolling and the echo of his own voice floating back out of the ship's canvas. She was in ballast, and rolled as light vessels will; hence a constant slapping sound of ropes and sails came from her masts, along with the chafing of blocks and chains and the creaking of timbers, and the splash- ing and sloping and frothing of water under her stern and along her sides; and through all this flowed the dying notes of the bell. "It is rung by no mortal hand, anyway," said I. "It's a deuced unpleasant funereal noise to listen to," exclaimed the colonel. "Who's ringing it?" asked his wife. "A ghost, no doubt," said Edwards. "Upon my word, it is depressing," said Hornby. "If the ship was full of life, and all that sort of thing, don't you know, it would sound rather nice; but coming from an empty vessel and nobody doing it"— Here Pipes arrived to tell us that she was abandoned like the other, and probably leaking. "Though her crew," said he, "don't seem to have given her much of a chance; for they must have got away hours ago to judge of our seeing nothing of them, and the vessel is high enough out of water to prove that by pumping she might have been kept afloat till the nearest port was made, and that's not far off. But, ladies and gentlemen, for what goes on at sea there's no accounting." Whilst the old fellow jabbered away I was staring at the abandoned craft, impressed by the picture she made, though it was the pathos in it, the sense of her loneliness that you got by looking, the feeling that she was bound down to the dark sands beneath us, that gave the marine night scene its chief poetry. By her being to windward she sent the notes of her bell to us along the wind in a kind of thin, shivering sound, like the tremble in the end of a tone emitted by a silver wire when twanged, which the imagi- nation heard long after the ear was deaf to it. The curl of moon over her, and the yeasty glare of foam in the darkness on the water, and her ashen canvas, like some sheeted plain of the deep, and the dance of the stars on either hand of her, as she rolled her pallid fabric of spar and sail in and out of them, converted her into a picture fit to muse upon whilst she lingered; and I was staring and thinking and trying to fit her with a story, understanding pretty well that the two vessels had been in collision, and abandoned by their crews, for reasons they would doubt- less be able to explain, if they came off with their lives, when on a sudden there was an unmistakable thud forward, the feel of a smart blow struck upon the ship's bow, followed by a shout from a hand on the fore- castle, though I did not hear what he said. "We've knocked against something! I knew it would happen!" roared the colonel, at the top of his voice. "It'll be a bit of wreckage!" cried Pipes, as he and the second mate floundered to the ship's side to look, whilst I bent over the rail, finding Miss Edwards on one hand and Horn- by on the other. "I see it!" cried the girl. "It's a large dark mass!" and as she spoke there came bumping and scraping along the bends of the ship what looked to me to be a vessel's long boat, bottom up, and floating close to it was the body of a man. The moon was on our side, and that gave us the glimpse we caught of the thing, and a bit of white water washing past the figure threw it out as the glimmer of a dim lamp would, whilst a gleam, snatched from God knows what, came off the wet planks of the boat as it lifted a moment like the back of a porpoise, and passed with a squattering sough into our wake. "Anybody see what it was?" yelled Pipes. "There's a lump of something black goin' astarn, sir!" sung out the fellow at the wheel. I heard the skipper tell Mr. Semple to sound the well, though he never meant that order to reach our ears, and he was rolling aft to look at what the helmsman had seen, before it passed out of sight, when little Hornby cried— "Captain, there's a man's body made fast to the object we struck." Mrs. Inglefield shrieked, "There now! the very sight I begged to escape. Charley, take me downstairs—take me downstairs in- stantly, sir." If this were affectation it was capitally simulated; she ran to her husband, caught his arm and bundled him away to the com- panion, while Pipes called out— "A man's body? Why, he may be alive, Mr. Hornby. Better heave the ship to and send a boat." And at the top of his voice he shouted to the watch to lay aft to the main braces. "Are you sure it was a man's body?" said Mr. Edwards, throwing his cigar overboard. "Cocksure," answered Hornby. "I saw it, papa," exclaimed Miss Edwards, speaking with an awed voice, her figure erect, her hand grasping a backstay, and the sheen of the glittering heavens in her eyes as she sent her glance into the gloom over the stern. "There is no life in him though," said I. "I'm sure of that." Miss Inglefield came up to Miss Edwards and put her arm into the other's. Meanwhile the helm had been shifted and the watch on deck, tumbling aft, were haul- ing on the weather main braces. In a few minutes the Silver Sea was lying without way upon her with a sharp noise of the run- ning waters pattering against her sides, but with everything quiet aloft in the grasp of the wind, though the reeling of the moon over the mizen topsail yardarm was evidence that there was swell enough under-running the pale shapes of the surges to force our masts to keep time to the inaudible music that the dark folds swang through the ocean's heart. Three hands jumped into one of the lee quarter boats, and you saw the rugged form of Mr. Semple in the sternsheets shipping the rudder as the boat slowly sank from the arching points of the davits. The bearings of the object the men were in quest of had been taken, and the distance was but short; yet I don't think any of us felt over-comfort- able when the boat shoved off and in a minute or two was scarcely to be distinguished from the dusky curves of water that paled into a fringe of form as they ran aslant of the moon's course. The wind swept with a wail in it out of the misty weather starlight, and though it was balmy enough yet you seemed to find a chill in it then from the sound of the spat- tering of spray and the seething of foam you heard in it. Indeed, this heaving to brought the chilly ocean strangely close to the senses, nearer than ever it could approach a man aboard a vessel sliding over it; it was like dropping the weapon that kept some wild beast at respectful distance from you and feeling its breath on your cheek in the gloom. The deserted ship lay a long way to wind- ward; she needed some intent looking at to descry her; though when seen and thought of as sinking out there with the bell on the deck sounding her dirge, and then when the mind came to the body in the darkness be- tween, the sea took so desolate a character, there was something so unreal, so cold, so mournful, in her liquid jetty line of it against the sky with pale luminarie's feebly twinkling beyond it, that, upon my word, it made con- versation with one's fellow-creatures a sort of necessity, and the thoughts of a cheerful cabin and a glass of grog a real relief. "A pretty look out now if that boat upsets and drowns the men," said Mr. Edwards, "Can you see her, Hornby?" "Why, no, I can't say I do; but she's perfectly safe—no fear of her upsetting, Edwards." "Did you see the body, Margaret?" asked Miss Inglefield. "Quite plainly, dear." "How dreadful!" cried the girl, and though it was not to be noticed, one felt the shudder she gave. "I say, Edwards," shouted the colonel, coming out of the cabin and bawling the moment he had his head through the com- panion, "this sort of thing is confoundedly queer pleasuring, isn't it ? If the gout's to be cured by running dangerously close to sink- ing vessels, striking against half-submerged objects, and examining dead bodies, all I can say is the prescription a a deuced nasty by George!" "It's all right, colonel," exclaimed Edwards. "Don't bother now, my dear fellow. Try one of these cigars, and endeavour to enjoy the sea as I am, by finding something exciting in everything that happens." The colonel without answering took a cigar and lighted it at Hornby's; and it was laugh- able to watch them bobbing at each other, the little chap on tiptoe and the colonel stooping his hairy face as though like a bull he meant to heave the shipowner overboard with a toss of his head. Presently a man came aft with a big globular lamp and stationed himself on the quarter with the light in his hand. The yellow lustre tinged the fellow, and his rough figure and pale face stood out against the darkness like the sketch of a seaman drawn on black canvas with a pencil dipped in phosphorescent light; it shone dimly too on the helmsman holding by one hand to a spoke to steady the wheel and looking seawards, and on Pipes standing up on the tail and grasping the gaff vang, and on the great wan space of the spanker that carried the eye up to the delicate tracery of rigging alive with the floating and swaying spangles of the stars. "How long is the boat likely to be away, Pipes?" cried Hornby. "Not many minutes, sir. The object is not a quarter of a mile off, and it will be visible enough to them afore they're close to it," answered the skipper. "Who saw the corpse?" demanded the colonel fretfully and in a raven note. "I did, for one," I replied. "It was a corpse, I suppose?" "It was a man's body and a corpse, I believe." "All this sort of thing's a mistake, Ed- wards," cried the military man. "Why, hang it all! this is not voyaging for health. It's body snatching, I call it. If we're to stop the ship to examine every dead thing we meet, who's to tell me we shall ever get home? eh, Hornby? Why, by George! I've been towed up the Hooghley through swarms of dead blacks; but who'd dream of dropping anchor in order to examine the deuced un- pleasant crowd, one by one, as they floated by? yet that promises to be the rule here." "No, no," responded Hornby. "Pipes thought the body we passed might be alive; and as Christians and gentlemen and humane people and all that sort of thing, don't you know," he added warmly, "it was our duty to make sure that the poor fellow's dead before leaving him tossing about on the sea." "Captain Pipes would have acted cruelly had he not sent a boat," said Miss Edwards, with a touch of indignation in her voice. The colonel half smothered up some military blessing he invoked upon the head of Pipes, and fell to stumping about the decks, glaring aloft, then at the sea, then into the standard compass whilst he sucked at his cigar with all his might. 