Wnz (Eotttrtbtttcrr. LAUD AND INCOME TAX. No. VI. ( (Joti-chtsioit. ) [By Eschequer.1 Adam Smith, in his ' WeaHd of Nations,', has given four rales or principles for testing any system of taxation in regard to its economical working, and these rules, as Mr. Mill says, having received the concarrence of every sub sequent wiiter on the subject, may be said to haTe become classical, and Mr. George's ap proval has, in the opinion of many, rendered them more so. Let me quote from three of these rules' ciid )e.ive the reidei- 1 ) see how far ?uir svstpm is from comDlvina- with them. '2. The tax which each individual has to pay ought to be certain and not arbitrary. . . The certainty of what each individual has to pay, if, in taxation, of so great importance that a very considerable degree of inequality — it appears I believe from the experience of all nations — is not near so great an evil as a very small ainouut of uncertainty. ' ' 3. iivery tax ought to be levied at the tim3 or in the manner in which, it is most likely to be convenient for the contributors to pay it.' ' 4. Jivery tax ought to be so contrived, as both to take out and to keep oat of the pockets oi the people as littleas possible over and ab j ve wimt it brings into die molie treasury of the State. :- 'Io begin with certainty. As regard's cj;r taii-ty it \v-j;:id be iiaivi to invent a. iaa i-ti-: \vhu.n more tu-.uoughiy fails in respect oi tiiiis quality than our own, winse solo iii:n is tj t.tt mat wliicii is only liie nutter of ijaesi'.vjr.c, namely ths unimproved value of the l.tiii. .but tliis oae t'midajndiiSj.1 ii:uerij,in:y iia$ lailed to satisfy the framera ot one A-ii and regulations, lor they hav-j pivij'.ji-jj to pile up every possibio uacsrt-iin-y on t:ie top of it. Having resolvel to ca:v tile mniriTiroved value, they mighc have proceed id to ti^css the ia:id by serur.iti; h iiAr.i^i, j.s sn-5 English do, so as xo guess At the uu'.:ii;-:.\H'.;i vaiu«j of Unit holding and let thiir guia u; km.-vvii. Tliis wniiid, at alleve.it-s, iiivebiii :i busis of reckoning fur t!ie lessee wh-ia i.i: :unount '?!' hirs contribution c:xi;i3 to bj o.i fktcred. {i f.;iy 'a basis of i-o'c)iuaj,'; ;'.jt tlie ].-n;p;.rri-;n -f the rent 'fairly attrib::t ibi-i' to the imiiiiijrovud value would still li-ive to 03 gnessed bciore the reckoning- o--uli b-^tu). LA.i, instead ot this they assess ail t'le iiai luiu's l-irope; ty togeilur, leaving the uai.n proved va-nio --c e en tcfcvifr's hulumg a mitiii: oi ' niict'itiimty between niiii and Ins l.-i ia!.-ir.l when the latter demands contribution. H. iv ing nt-xt given a. number of rules, alphabets, anil tables for reckoning, with a great show of precision, what cannot be reckoned at all, they have pretty well ex!iiu-;ted ttis means of keeping the u-;io-.'.nt in .lacir tainiy. But tins is not nearly enoagli to suit them, it was also necessary to Ci\s.tt-3 &ia-; fusion as to the jptvdoitrf liable, for fcHis pur pose they wake a. number of artiScial o.vn^rs in fee-eiiuyle, every one of whom is to bs liable to ll:c tv.-vt'.nmient lor the whole tax, bit to tLai.-j with his follows ' in the reUtive ywpjf tions ct the ; value of their interests ' — a p.'SJiiiar phrase, which svems to i:;ti:Jiite that there are huine proportions which a.re not iN?!ati?e. A.-vl lastly, as it there were not people cnoa«'.i iii ihe (jungle, the tenant, if he is a.L;- a rig.it of unifl',:!**. -rnmi is; vpmip.st.p.rl to m.v fchft w'v»',*- tax, and thi.-n tt- cue iiiaissli in half a,a.l w-M-k away at the first alphabet and rales to find out what is his proper share as a right of parchdse in:-.n, and then to grind away at the sej -nd alphabet and rules m order to see how in;i3h, m his capacity of lessee he has to contri bute to himself and the others ! The amount being thus left uncertain, the land in respect of wbicn the contribution is to be paid being also uncertain, and the persons who have to pay ami their 'relative proportions' beiiKjaiso xiajir tain, 1 wiil not add a word to exaggerate our failure to coni|)ly with the rule as to '«? tainty.' AijirfjHUch as no iiuiiincr of paymeat cm bw: ess .convenient than where one has to pay for half a dozen others, u,nd no lime less coave-jie.it than where the victim lias to pay a long tiai? before any on« can be got to contribute to him or any one oven to reckon the contribution — it is clear that our legislators have not consulted t--ar convenience as to time or manner. As to the 4th rule, vre may bs sure thit Vkatever the tax brings into tna Trei-ssn-y it will ''take Gut'aiid keep out -u th.9 poiksts of the people' a good deal inore t'iiaa 'the vaii tive proportions of their interests' if tha people goto work to get contribution as the A-jt invir.es thc-an to, namely, by suing one anothsr. .And here I may propose a problem quits after the fashion of the regulations -.—The tax being a half-penny oil the unimproved capital value, and there being ten persons liable _ to contribute and wishing to avoid calculation a7;d litigation, how many half-pence would they - have to toss up before settling the business amicably? Apart from all these diSSev- ltios, let .the reader reflect a moment on tlie trouble and waste of time in flict.-d on ]andowners.- A man who lias ? sevi-ral contiguous sections or allotments has to give, the hundred, township, num ber, registration, reference, street or place, area, occupier's name, mortgagee's name arid amount of mortgage, value oi land and iffl provements, value of improvements, unirn proved value, amount of tax* and nasnes of all other taxpayers in respect of tlie same land. He has to do this for every section, acre, or- allotment separately. However old are tlie improvements, h° must find out what they cost, and if he kin two sections together, aud a dam, a fence, and a house partly on one and partly on the other, he must split up his dam, fence, and house between tlie two, and then give the value of each piece of land separately, giving to one say a quarter of the fence, a third of the house, and three-fifths -of the dam, and then must take them all off again, and say what eaih section would have fetched ' long, long ago' without any of them. The operation is irri tating, childish, and ridiculous, and whin we consider it as often having to be p2rfoMi2'd separatelv bv each one of half a dozen '.' tax payers' in respect of the same bloaks of land it will be seen to involve an expenditure of time and calculation often far beyond the value of the tax to be paid. The essential ad vantage of a land tax seems to have been wholly lost in hunting after the 'unearned increment' shadow. That advantage is that you always have the land to go to, and where there is au occupier he can be made to pay, and if he is a. tenant can be allowed to deduct the whole or any proportion of what he has paid. Where ever land tax exists this is the sort of tax that people have. In England they call it the property tax, and there is hardly 'ever known to be a dispute or a lawsuit about it. In South Australia the new land tax is simply a fire brand nf litieration cast wantonlv atnone- the people. In lingland and other places where there is a land tax tlie Government g£ts all the 'unearned increment,' or most of it, without saying anything about it; but its t existence has flashed upon the South Aus- I tralian mind with all the force of a new and \ great discovery, resembling tliat of Moliere's hero when he found he had been speaking prose all his life without knowing it. Let us hope that the Act and regulations by thair complicated follies have laid its ghost, and that we may proceed in future — if we must — with our land tax business undisturbed by a phan tom which we cannot grasp. JI.I.P. As regards income tax it is almost super fluous to point out that Adam Smith's rules above quoted have been as much disregarded as the nature of the tax would pannit. It is estimated '?i an average «f three bygone veara whose earnings and losses have to be suddenly recalled for the purpose of the impost, and they are required to be recalled in divisions, combinations, and arrangements unknown to I bookkeeping. Whatever benefit there may ba in the principle of distinguishing property income from earnings, and laying a higher burden [on the former, that benefit has bsan wholly frittered away by the confusion in which the distinction itself has been iosfc. To have laid down either class with clearness, and to 'have ascribed all other income to the other class, might have bean possible; but the opportunity was flung away, and confusion has resulted. If what was to be reckoned in each class had thus been defined, and a list of deductions from each had been given, the plan might have been made plainer ; but the reckoning of income only to take it off again is a needless complication. If a joint income were to bf returned once for all, and no o .ie were troubled about his neighbor, we should be nearer to simplicity ; bus whan every partner makes a separate return of the joint income, and another of his own, and every trustee returns the total income, while each re cipient of a part has to make a return of his share, aud a man lias to return the income ot his wife, and give a list of his clerks and shop men who have £300 a year — we see oaly an effort to raise inconvenience to its maximum. Whether it is necessary to resort to a land t:-.x aud income tax at all ; whether it is preferable to keep m hand what we have got lather than ppend it and attempt aa expansive aud irritating collection of more, is a question beyond the scope «f these articles . Thai we spent during the last year £'77,000 on grantsm aid, i:l-33,OOO on main roads, and £40,030 iii introducing into tlie colony parsons with incomes of less than £3U3 a year, are facts pretty well known to most of my rcadtrs, and how far the retention of a ].orti-n of this revenue would not ba pre n-rable to the collection of more revenue by way -;f land and income tax shall hi dt'eidei, without a woid from me, by those who ara more concerned in the question than myself. But what I claim the right to say is that if we are obliged ,to submit tu these imposts, from which we have hitherto boon exempt, the least that we are entitled to at the hands of our legislators is that the experience of every other CM;jitry which bears such burdens shall not be rejett-rd in order to make thid colony a iidd for an igncrant and unfeeling experiment. : To contribute, my effort to rescue. my fellow-. caktnifcls frcm this oppression has been my duty, and it Is. now, however imperfectJy, dis1 ehaicsd. ? ? -j ? - 