THE DIAMOND DEPOSIT. Bt an Ex-Detective. Perhaps there was not a more respectable man in all Hatton Garden than Mr. Samuel Solomons, although his lending money and being a Jew, as well as a diamond merchant. made many people Bpeak against him. However, that is neither here nor there. I had had one or two little pieces of business to do with Mr. Solomons, for Beveral robberies had taken place in his office. You see, the business of a diamond merohant opens up great facilities for thieves— the booty is so small and so valuable ; and as to there bei- g a diffloulty of disposing of the plunder— why that's all bunkum I A quick run over to Holland, and there are no end of Dutch merchants who will purchase any amount of diamonds — at a t rice. In every transaction that I hwi with the gentleman, I had always found him etrictly upright and honest, and always lenient to the thief when caught. So it happened that a kind of acquaintance ship bad been struck op between ne, and whenever I was passing that way I would call in to see the old gentleman and have a glass of wiu8 with him, for he always kept a bottle of '47 ready. It was on the 6th of Jan", 18—, that 1 happened to drop in and found Mr. Solomons deeply engaged wfrh some gentlemen in the outer office. The oierk not being in, I made eomeexaase, and waa about to withdraw, when Mr. Solomons stopped me. 4 Don't hnrry away, Mr. Smith,' he oried, eagerly. I may want yon to do me a little favour — my clerk being out. Gentlemen, this is a gentleman I have known very well for some years. He is a man we oan trust, . aod you may speak openly before him. It does not matter what he he&te;— It will never be repeated.' As for that,' said & tall, stout, florid man, who epeke with a German accent, and was dressed in a most showy Btyle— ' as for that, the business we eome upon might be torn-, eaeted anyhow. There is no secret about it — is there, Brown ?' None whatever, Wolff,' replied a little man, who was standing by the German. What we - propose is a mere matter of business, common enough in our trade, as Mr. So'omons must know. . If be does not like it, we can go somewhere else ; only Bur gen' — here he indicated & tall, thin man, evidently a Jew, whose long bony fingers seemed unable to leave his beard alone — only Burgen was anxious to give hiB co religionist a turn — that's all.' Of course I was,' replied Mr. . Burgen, combing bis beard with his nails, which, by the way, were not too clean. I have beard a great deal of Mr. Solomons in Amsterdam, although I never had the plei8ure of meeting the gentleman before. Everyone speaks- well of him, and the business which we have on hand necessitates as being most particular in whom we trust.' Here Mr. Burgen gave me a not very friendly glanoe, and I therefore strolled to the window and gazed out into the street ; but I oan assure you that I did not fail to run my eye over Messrs. Wolff. Brown, and Burgen, for Ibave a habit of doing that with everyone I meet, and I can tell all young detectives that it is a very good plan, lor it not only keeps the eye in practice, but may ! turn ont useful — for we never know whom we may want. I mast candidly confess that I e&w; nothing to excite my suspicion about these, gentlemen. They seemed thorough men of business. ' Wolff wae a light bumptious — but, then, many Germans are Brown elightly vulgar— as I am sorry to ray not a fevof my oountry- men are; whilst Buigsn seemed a bag of nerves. After eome further 'alk, of which I did not hear tbe substance, a small steel eafe was lifted on to the tabid. It was tbe first time I had noticed this and I w&b; at cede struck by the ouriousness and bsauty of its workmanship. It was not much more than a foot and a half square, and was made much after the shape of a drawingroon clock, having pillars at toe corners, and a filigree cornice running round at the top. It was evidently of a great weight, for I noticed that it took two ot the men to lift it on to the table, and that they did with great difficulty. Then each of the three gentlemen produced a key, and Mr. Wolff, touching a spring, made one of tbe little columns, or pillars of the safe, fly back, exposing three little keyholes. Into these kej holes the keys were fitted and turned, when the door of the little safe flew open, showing a number of very band- eome diamond ornaments; but the chief thing was a large diamond, reclining, as it were, upon a velvet cushion. As Mr. SolomonB saw it, he olasped hie hands with that peculiar delight which only a connoisseur feels, and cried out to me : _ Mr. Smith, come here, and look at this diamond. Is it not beautiful ? Splendid ! What colour ! The first water !' and so on. Then it was taken from its velvet bed, carefully weighed, placed in certain lights, and tested in various ways — all of whith seemed to give the greatest satisfaction to Mr. Solomons, who declared the diamond to be worth over ten thousand pounds. Of oourse, I like and admire diamonds — all people do ; but I have not that love tor them which many people have ; so, after admiring the beauty of this one and some of the others, I retired to the window again, until I heard Mr. SolomonB say : With pleasure, gentlemen. I will advance you three thousand pounds, and keep the diamonds bb security. That ie what you Baid?' That is It, You keep only the large diamond; the rest we must have to sell. You see we want the money so that we may Dot be in a hurry to part with the big atone, and have to take less than it is worth,' Baid Mr. Burgen. As a diamond merohant, you understand what I mean? These thingB cannot be sold every moment.' ' I should think not. Neither are tuey found every day,' laughed Mr. Solomons. Now, gentlemen, if you will remove the other diamonds, I will replace the beauty, and then we will ei.n the bond, and seal it with a capital glass of '47. Ha, ha, ha 1' The papers were quickly drawn out, and the clerk — who had returned— and I witnessed them. Then the diamond was replaced in its bed of velvet, a.d the other gems oarefully packed away in a black bag, which Mr. Wolff had for the purpose. Take one last look at it, Mr. Smith,' said Burgen ; 1 you will never see the like of it again. _ Ten thousand pounds ! I would not part with it for twelve thousand. It's a beauty— a real beauty ! Come, young gentleman, you havs a look at it'— this to the clerk. 'Only to think if you were to have that Uttle bit of crystal you might marry Mary or Polly, whoever is yoer favourite, and retire to a snug little place down at Glapham, and keep a trap. Fancy that now V The olerk, who was an nnderdone-lookiog youth, with light hair, pink eyee, and a complexion something like half-baked dough, did open bis eyes, and mouth, too, as if he should have liked to have swallowed the diamond like a pill. Then tbe safe waa closed, and the glorious gem shut out from our view. Mr. Solomons had the ohief key entrusted to him, and I saw a look of pleasure beam over the old man's face as he locked the door and placed the key in his poket. Mr. Wolff lockel the top lock and Mr. Burgen the bottom one, but he dro pped his hfy. However, he caught it up quickly, and then the safe was carried into the strong room. of Mr. Solomons, and we drank more than one bottle of his '47 over the business, which must have been highly profitable to the old diamond merohant, for he was in Buch hi h spirits. Well, scarcely a month had passed when I received a note from Mr. Solomons asking me to come down immediately to his office — which, of course, I did — and I found the old gentleman in a most desperate passion, Smith, he almost shrieked, 4 you saw that infernal diamond placed ia that cursed safe ? You can swear to that ?' ' Why, of course I can !' I replied. 1 There was no mistake about that. Your olerk also noticed it and witnessed it.' 'I know -I know. Well, well, well— I'll believe in witchcraft after this ! The owners ! of the diamond have been here. They have j the three thousand pounds they borrowed f from me all eady to. pay back — like gentle- I men ana men of business. I asked to have ; one last look at the diamond before I parted with it.' 'Well?' ' They said yes. You know no single key could open that safe — it wanted the three. We opened the safe, and ' Here the old man ga?ped 8nd looked wildly round him, qs one might who ex pected to see evil spirits in ths air. ' And what ?' said I. And the diamond was gone.' ' Now, I have heard and Been many things in. the course of my experience, but I must confess that I never had suoh a knock over has this. Has the safe been tampered with V was the first question J put. ' No, the looks answered to the keys readily enough,' answered Mr. Solomons. ® Besides, the safe had evidently not been touched sinoe it was placed in my strong-room. loan swear to that. ' j ' Had any one access to your strong-room j besides yourself ?' I inquired. j 'No, not even my clerk. Besides, there is 1 a secret with the door of my strocg-rocm. See here.' j He opened a sort of large cupboard wherein were placed toilet arrangements, and showed me a clever contrivance — how a etrong iron bolt could be shot from the cupboard into the door of the strong.room, so that if burglars had broken the locks or picked them, the door would have remained securely fastened, and eo baffled the would-be marauders. 'Now, what do you think of that ?' said the old gentleman, as He threw himself back in hu chair, and wiped the beads of prespira- tion from his forehead. 'I think it very strange. And you say these gentlemen brought you the money you had lent them ?' 'Every penny, interest and all— nothing could be more honourable. In fact, but for this unlucky accident I should have done business with them concerning some other ' diamonds— and this one ' Strange ! Whom do you suepect Everybody— nobody ! What am I to think? You were here— saw the diam nd looked np — helped to carry the safe to the Btrong.room. And now it has gone !' Are you sure the diamond was a real one?' asked I, trying the most absard speculations. Am I sure that I have a head npon my shoulders? Of course I am ! The diamond was worth more than they stated.' Tell me how they behaved rhen they/ oame here. Were they at all hoisterohs— - bullying, you know ?' No, very quiet and gentlemanly. Had & bottle of port — the '47, you know- — produced j the money, and all that, and then asked for the diamond- It — I mean the safe—was carried out and opened and the diamond : was gone.' What th--n ?' I asked, calmly, Why, then, I need not say, there was a fearful noise. They all spoke at once, and I had no power to calm them. Mr. Wolff snatched up the notes be had p aoed on -the table for me, and Mr. Burgen swore he would sue me for twelve thousand pounds more unless I restored t-he lost diamond. After a long time I managed to pacify them, and they left, saying if I did not pay the money in a week they would prosecute me.' ' Oh, they want the' money, not the diamond ?' said I. 'No; they said they had a customer for the diamond— a Russian prince— that made them' so eager for it.' And where are these gentlemen to be found ?' said I. At , Great St. Helens.' Your clerk— ie he to he trusted 7 ' Gracious goodness You don't suspect that poor fellow. Why, he has not the brains, if he had the means, to carry out such a robbery.' ' No, no ; I do not mean that. Only he must be careful not to breathe a word to anyone about this matter, and, above all, not to let out who I am. Do you under stand?' € Perfectly. Then you will take up the oase and discover the robberB ?' ' I cannot promise that, but I will do my best. I must draw upon you for a couple of hundred pounds. A couple of hundred pounds ! Why, I never heard that that was necessary.' In most cases it is not — in this it is. Do not think that I shall spend anything like that sum; but money I must have, if I am to carry out this affair successfully.' The old Jew Bighed as he drew forth his note.oase, but he paid me down the money and never asked a receipt forit. I liked hitn for it, and in my own mind determined that' he Bhould be no loser for his confidence and trust in me. The next morning I was dressed out Bb a regular swell. Eyeglass in eye, moustache done up a la mousguetaire , gold chains, gloves from Hoabioam's, rings of value, and clothes from Blamg and Shditz's. As I stepped into my oarriage, and glanced at the pair of beautiful greys w ieh were to draw me along, I must confess that I felt sorry to i think that all thia finery was but borrowed plumes ; that in a little while— perhaps a few hourB — it would vanish as & dream. However, I rolled gaily away to Great St. Helens, to call upon Messrs. Wolff, Brown; and Burgen. I found they had splendid chambers,' rather than offices, and as I hsd sent up my card as Lord Grouviile, I was wonderfully well received. I explained that I had come about some diamonds, as I was about to marry an immense heirees ; that I was bound to make her some very handsome presents, and that as to expense — that was of no consequence. The fish rose to the bait, and many of the jewels which I had seen in the little safe were prodaced, but none of them were good enoagh for my iatended. Poor Polly, my wife, would have gone mad at sight of one of them. However, I bought a small one for fifteen pounds, and paid for it at once, taking care that they should have a good sight of my note case and its contents. This seemed to encourage them, and they began talking about good diamonds, and the difficulty there was in disposing of them. I saw the game, and played them quietly. I could see no reason why big diamonds should not sell in England— the richest country in the w »rld. For my part I would not mind giving twenty thousand pounds for & diamond if it pleased me, . and would pay the money down on the spot. I saw them glanoe at eaah other eagerly, and Brown nodded to the other two. _ Well,' said Wolff, after a little hesitation, ' if you want a big diamond, we can let you have one in a week or ten days. At present it is out on anproval ; but I don't think tbe old gentlemaS who has it will keep it. Do you, Burgen?' I am sure he won't.' 'Aren't you frightened to trust such valuable jewels out of your bauds to strangers?' I asked. Oh, no! Bssidee, we knoW that the diamond is sa/e enough,' laughed Burgen; and the others joined in ohorus. . I think that would be the kind of diamond I should like. You see, when a fellow fe going to marry & girl worth half a million, be must plunge a bit ; eo if you have the diamond ready, I will call, say, this day week.' 'We had better make it a few days later,' said Brown. Weil, ten days from the present date.' This WS3 agreed on, and I was soon in my carriage and rolling fast westwards. I passed close to Hatten Garden, but refrained from calling on Mr. Solomons, and contented myself, when I had reached home and changed my fine cloches for a disguise ot a footman-out of-servicel sort of thing, by sending him a telegram aMollows : \ Pay no money— do not part with the safe —keep it in, spite df allMreats.' - ; then I set off to wander about Neighbourhood of Great St. Helens, eeeing . „ , wl»t crumbs of informfttioja J apgfct piojpp. ; s \- But here I must say I was u fault, - .. end the diseovery.I did make was ealiy and " truly a ' fluke,' as itiB vulgarly called a The few inquiries I . eould .maiip only - showed me that Messrs. Wolfi.JBrown, and. ; Bergen were foreign mercbanta, whQ paid their way honourably, and were respected v round the place. : . x , : Perhaps there Is no man more despondent c than a detective wbn be thinks he has made a failure, and that i what I began to think I had. done. Oould these men be ; honest ? -and bad the diamond really been / stolen, and, if so, by whom ? I sen ashamed to say that I began to think that perhaps I had been mistaken in Mr. Samuel Solomons. Nevertheless, I persevered, aud at las < niy ; f perseverance was rewarded. , „ I was sauntering away irom Great St. . Helens One day— it was the day before the - week expired which had been -.given Mr Solomons to produce, the . diamond or he value of it — when I saw Mr. BergenIeaveJ.de. r office, puffing a beautiful, agar,: and ola wing bis beard. . He turned eastward, and I fplIowed, aad soon found that he was heading, away down Shoreditcb. . On he went, smoking as carelessly, as oould be, when suddenly a shabby man on the, , other side of the way glanced at him as if in. doubt ; then, seeming satis ded that he had not mistaken his man, he dashed acroes the road and tapped my gentleman on the shoulder. That the meeting was not an agreeable one I oould see. However, Mr. Bergen remained quite oool and oollected, whilst the man grew warm at intervals; and. cringing at others- — evidently a mean, despicable hound — one whom an honest man would despise— a die hoaest one use. I watched the interview from a distanoe, and saw Burgen give the fellow a. few shillings. That night that shabby man had sworn brotherly love to me for ever, and had fallen asleep, drank, on tin sofa of my little back parlour, much to the horror of Mrs. Smith, - Well, the next morning I and the shabby man were quietly seated in she little siderbom of Mr. Solomona's office — I mean the one which I have already mentioned, which served as the sort of lavatory, and where the bolt of the strongroom was. Soon we heard the talk of men in the outer office, so I gave a signal to the man — whose n ame, by the way, was Bare wick— to keep quiet, and stepped out into Mr. SolomoDs'e room, where the old gentleman sat pale as a ghost and trembling like an aspen. 1 Keep quiet; let them oome in. said I. Poor old fellow !— he did not' know what I was up to, and I was not sure of my game. However, Messrs. Wolff, Brown, and Burgen were daly announced and ushered in They bowed politely enough, but spoke in rather imperious tones, Mr. Wolff leading the way; or rather acting aB spokesman. Now, Mr; Solomons, fre have borne about that diamond The matter cannot stand over a moment longer. Only the other day Lord Grouvills called upon us, and would have purchased it for twelve thousand pounds, o«teh down. had we had it bur possession. 1 think, sir, you must admit that we have shown a great deal of patience in this ease.' Gentlemen,' said old Solomons I regret whai' bae happened as much as yeu can. I have not found the diamond, and do not know how it has disappeared.' ' A likely story, indeed !' oried Brown., ' We are not going to lose , ' ttvelve thousand pounds for the pleasure pf believing yea !' chuckled Burgen; ' Gentlemen, gentlemen, I pray you be calaii I; believe «lr. fcolomons to he f & 'very respectable gentfeuian,' said Wolff. therefore I do pot wish to press haraly upon bin:. Let us make a compromise. For myself," I do esnfesa J oaunqt understand how - this diamond has gone. . Still, . there is the faqt— and a deuced unpleasant, one for ail parlies. However, we mut all bear part gif the loss. Let Mr. Solomons heed us, over, the sam of five thousand pounds,, an acquittance of the .debt we owe him, and we wpi put up with the rest of the loss, heavy as it is.' ' Good !' said I, stepping suddenly forward Mr Solomonu will do that en the condition that you let him keep the safe ' Ntver did I -ee three men. look more astonished and dismayed ia my life. They turned livid. ' We are not going to have terms dictated to us, eir !' thundered Wolff. ' Give us tbe safe and we will enter an action to recover our loss,' said Brows, pompously. 1 ' Let us be merciful,' said Burgee. 'Mr. Solomons is a co-religionist of miqe. Web, drop two thousand more.' ' Mr. Solomons will not give you a farthing, 1 know where the diamond is. Mr. Solomons, have the safe brought in. The safe was brought from the strong room by two burly fellows — policemen in plainclothes — aud unlocked. No diamond was there. « There, there— now you see !' oried Mr, Burgen, clawing his beard as if he wished to pluck it do; by the roots. « Yon see it's gone — gene — gone !' - ' But by a little magie can be oalled back again. Hey -presto ! — oome and show.' us this little trick.' ... The doorto the lavatory opened, and out glided the shabby man, at the sightof whom Messrs. Brown, Wolff, and Burgen seemed almost ready tofaint, i - ' Gentlemen,' said the shabby man, as he advanced- to the table, ' this little article was made under my direction; at the <der of those gentlemen yonder. I am a oon juter, need to be thought clever ; but drink has mined me. I was . performing at Antwerp — that's where this little 'safe! was made— in the Rue Qcentin Malays, or Meesis, as it should be oalled ' - You have not a show eh here; my g od fellow,' I interrupted. J pray > yutt make >- more --peed.' ; . . : ( . . ' Just sir, Thete gentlemen sav tb« trie?!, took a i'aacy to rise littlts woof I had on the et≥ — a eubinet in wihoh all things disappear at with : They bought the aeoret, andgotrife tosupcrintend the makin -of one in iron. The trick is simple enough «when you know it. Ton have but to ttfuoh toe spring, and — up oomB the— \- 4 " DIAMOND1 'l 'f ' Sq i Yea; there |$ric$air it hadhewi' placed. The velvefrijcfshion in which it had faen pat safely beM in golden claws had one like it underneath. Touching the spring tnade these revolve, and the diamond disappear or appear at will. I am sorry to say that somehow — I don't icnow how — this matter waB patched op. Tea fellows got off, and Mr. Solomons made a good thing of it, and I was well paid. Brides this, I have a very handsome diamond ring, and Polly a diamond brooch, with which she astonishes the neighbours ; no that I have never regretted the Diamond Deposit. 