ECIL0LS 1 10 It OA TI[[E 1MOUNTAINS. Br Ecro." An i:nstu7lco oif the instalility-"'of wealt?h was realised by the onice lucky reefer, Thoitl.as Cherry, who, died a p.up er lately in the Melbourne loos pital. In tlhe very early days of the \Voods Point rush he maode his iap-. I;iaraua oil (ovau euii .oan aail aljacont hill, which is still -,iown,'l Chlrry's Point, with,an old. hors and a hbag of Sflrur,;nsoting it h'tsllo butrt OfI ties, he caomnauoad selling it at.h~alfa-criown. a iiannicu! iirfill;,'i was ruasheoil for it at that price; as the bag lowtiodd lie ri~sei to live shillings, without any abatement sif the don;itid,; and ere he came to the .bottou scoven shillings was thli isminianin' price per panlican.' This high price was a gaod thlla; fur Cherry, but avery unfortunat olne for the old horse, for instuad if rusting thati;ight, he ehad,to carry his `master through the wild and solbrila shadlowe d bush, son route fr a fresh supply of life's staill. It is enough to say tlit Ceilrry prosplred waill it his udle'rtakiig, and in loss than it year hie was worth ninety thioti?aild pounds. Thou ca nllo snapishness andl arrogance. lie strove to mlix with the lat of society. Spilent it deal of tiloiaoy ill his endleavour, and got weil stripped by its jfekals. lie wanto to Enaglad l nd the eauitiaellt;,dtlid the grand tOur on f.?at, ccanie b..clc lrrokel in' fortlune, awended his way back to the ran,;'s lieinnilaas, wlere he lhas existed (far it would be a libel 'to say ha lived) by'fosslcking'ila the' old workad creaks. Wheat his thlught: wire as lie lay night after night in his lonely bush hut in solitude, nooe can tIll; but they must have boon full of ranaarseful regret. Two things will keep his nmminory, one is a builling of which he was the originator, called Ohorry's Hall, situated, I believe, at Briglhtu.. And the other is the hill clldied Aho.'rv Paainit, where hae nnce soll the llir. Fit nmmoarinl it is for such a mai.n, with its, wild' siar.iagy hush. \Vhere all through the long winter im anths a heavy, .leadean-coloread fog linters, wareathing down its sides in wild, fantatic shapes, cnstin;. i' ighltly g.omna over the whole nspect, eveni at th." midday hiiar:" Whare the fot it white or llahk man seldom treads. Wherea the demo:-like dilngoes stalk, nauarolhs of the wild world; piercing thu'air with their. long, laud dismial howls, which is alone joined by the mournful dirge- like cry of the mapoke, and the, unearthly clatter of the ghost-like bark that rnitlbs on the lalack decrepit boles of the urook,,d fora-t giants, -lendled .saouids of weird hideoaasness that may be alian expoedted to rise fr.na the guonies and ghosts that .haunt a inurdoarer's csite tery. Such is the malunaeilt that will hand! thlio tntioa of Chlerryidown to ,pos tor;ty, `but it will tt tell that his dust lies in is pauaper's grave. ' SAfteir six years perseverance.in po titiloinis, &e.;, Woods' Point is to get the diamaoiul drill tio work,; t, soe if, it casn filtd asy of bher hidden treasures. 5My hope ::and waisia is that it will. What life would spring up in the ranges if such claims 'as the 'Meorning :Star, Alps,. All Niations, or Cherry M'J?l'Du g dl's cauhl hli f.and, climsli thlit in thelir Ipime turned out two lackotsfull of re torted gold per fortnight. There is nothingisonsational'toa write about( hero in the rsieos;' nothing eveni a'xcitabls; all the winter tap hero we hlave onts ding dotng tlootiny; a regui lar series of sleepy hollHws. The only thing to talk abarut is the weather, andl the bulk of that this last month las been apoaor;', ut, this lasti weok' li Fiitv had a slight fall of snow, andi the weather now is wild -and wintry, with latlty ralins ,in the gully and'snow,ota the hill tops. 'Ado we to have cowlel monks and •fat faced frianrs li.u hlero to entertaain travellers in this the inaontain hospices Mr. Barry is goitia ti'establishl (see nlow licensing hill); or tiro the nmov miodern Salvation siilliers anid Hallelujahl linsos to wand their way up her' forthle ;nc ,oamnandatii;, of weary, travellers.., It.is said'that itho hion gentleman is a great. supporter of the Salvation Ariiy' litely (age coaes ot apace), and this maight be his idon, who knows. I have a young'frienld who sonmetimes amuses ' haiaself by writing 'skits 'oti paesinia oveit': his last is entitled " Picturesque Wictorin; I y tIe Ilagsa b aie," sild, as the title illplios, is a satire on the " Vagabond." My friend was not always traated, perhaps, as awell as the." Vagalbnd," for thus he relates the latter part of Ilis stay at onet place. (Boniface was showinaRJaim the rasources of his house.) "Look hero," said Iloni fanc (and t as :lhe spoke he opened a solmbre covered book, elhioh was torimed sisitors' a bhuk), " this i't T'om' Ciar rington's htlndiwork." ' Thei handiwork alluded to was'a full-pnge illustration of I'ech, entitled "A Trilp to Fal'nshaw." There weerae sarl ludlieronsi predlica iments in which Carrinagton had found hilisolf involved linut it wais the lost vwhieli: tiade tio laugh, atiil causal tny abrabtr departure; baneath the sketch was priatedl " I get I)isguslted waith i.ay l[anadlardl " and thl aketchL represaJntad ,lluifac using all tlhe agility of wliulh he was, maasaar in conalllaliag tate tau of his top blant (which, by the way, was of the kiidl kaowna as the IaIga'tIg bralnd) wci lhe han,'i rirk that Cnrriiaton's tuilbr hal plice I in the seat Ir is pl:elte. IU ais. Calrrillgtsu doelias aUlt shlw what ilalareassiaua the iuagget imailsa oni thaei silt of his l)lat:ahaaanas. IortllInately foir iue, hlonifaae only had light shaes ana, for I ala quiita curtaia tLhat haId ie hlalVi hlad thins of the nugget hanral, Ilhe t,'talpr intturi if thlt eatait utl' Ialy lalntalins wouha uva t haatlVa atalaa thu fares of cau. aclssiln wlth Iuirt lu*eonia g roU t anld tirta lik, thlus of Sualliaht's " lHian l aTy OClinkor," whlichl woalah havie iell ex caadinalgly oeialarrasing to allo, for, lik. Ipoar Cjlilk'r, I hald ibut thi oe ol ai'r. aForihlls ijectllmaaat alhaws no IaLtoniarg, so it is IWalasas to eay s Islt." WiVth thlsIe:xtraet faro a is bfr'ota I " hullj"a far thils wouk bIco;aes sllait, 