THE JULY MAGAZINES. No. 11. Mr Dicey's article on the Khedivate of F,opt in the SS tnetcn/h Ccnlunj, is directed to Bhow that Tewfik is the right man m the nDht place, and nil the more bo becauso he is not a strong ruler with a marked individu alit) oi his own Had he been so it is argued he would never have acquiesced in the subordinate position to which a native ruler is neccssarilv reduced b) the existence ot a loreign protectorate Prince Hahm s claims to the position uro dismissed as unworth} oi lunsi leration, und ihn restoration ot Ismail would involve a return to a Btute of things under which the fellaheen were taxed to tin utmost limit 01 their ie3ourccs and ground dow n with debt Mr Swinburne rev ¡en s the workot AictorHugo, who pnssel iwnj, he Buys, ' umid such universal anguish und passion of regret as nev cr before accouipanie 1 the death of the greatest amoug poets, and then his 1 nglish adorer goes on to indulge in a dithyrambi: rhapsod) over his 'spiritual service, ' which is declared to have been that ot a redeemer and a prophet, a son of consolation, nn inexhaustible da) spring of love, a fountain of everlasting and unconsum nig fire, and much more in the same h) per bolical strain. Professor Mivart, writing as " a loyal son ot the Catholic Church, ' rev lew s the attitude of that church towards ecience in past dii)s, and finds comfort m the inct that the result of the struggle in the 17th century has been " the permanent enlarge ment of Catholic intellectual hbertv in every department of science without exception, to a degree which not the most snnguiuo of our predecessors could have hoped for" Under the title of "A Swain of Arcady," the Rev. Dr. Jesaopp pivea us a Bkctch of a Nor- folk rustic, dirty, beery, lazy, and nasty ; but of whom ho constitutes himself the apolo- gist Mr. Lucy'a essay on Parliamentary Mannera ia written for the purpose of show- ing that the House of Commons has not deteriorated in this respect, while the Houae of Lords has improved. Immediately fol- lowing this comes an article by Mr. H. IL Fowler, M.P., on public business in the lower chamber, in which he submits some practical propositions for expediting the work of the House, by giving more time ' to private members, by leasening the powers of obstruction now enjoyed, by establishing standing committees, and by enabling a two-thirds mnjority to pasa a re- solution for closing a debate. Archdeacon Farrar puta in a "last word" on the drink question, and winds up with some very Btrong language about drunkards "kindling the very fires of hell on dese- crated hearths," and malting " their root na rottenness and their blossom to go np as dust " Captain Gascoigne narrates the events which occurred during the 12 days occupied by Colonel Wilson in trying to open up com- munications with General Gordon and the garrison in Khartoum ; and Professor Ray Lankeatcr makes us acquainted with what baa been recently achieved in biological science at home and abroad ; but the chief drift of hia article appears to be to prove that Dr. Koch's theory about the production of cholera by the comma-bacillus ia altogether un erroneoua one, and that two or three kinds of this germ occur in the healthy human mouth. Mr. G. B. Walker, writing on the subject of mine inspection in the mother country, contends that what is really wanted is not so much more Government inspectors as more individual inspection by the miners themselves. With respect to the true scien- tific frontier'of India, Mr.'J. Slng'g, M.P., argues that the pplicy of converting Afghan ¡stan into 'a "buffer' state" rnust be dia missed as impracticable, and that, na n necessary consequence, " the future defensive linoot India mast be found on its own proper frontier." We ' ought, he says,' to r'elinguiah both Quetta and Candahar ; and if we fight Russin, the conflict must take place on the Indus where, "if 00,000 British soldiers, backed and supported by double thnt number of Sikhs, Iats, Ghoorkas, andRajports, could not defeat and practically annihilate an invading army, we should deserve to lose the Empire, which the gallantry of our fathers won for us." In tho concluding article, Mr. Arnold-Forster adduces a pretty strong'array of facts to prove that the naval defences of Great Britain are totally inadequate to her requirements. In the Fortnightly Bedew there is an un- signed article, which is generally understood to embody Mr. Chamberlain's views on the subject of local government for Ireland. His scheme 'contemplates the establishment of primary local bodies, to be suppjemented by county councils1, which ' would eleqt national councils, one of which would'sit in Edin- burgh, ' another jn Dublin, aW'a third -if* * "desired-in "Wales.1 Mr. nenry Ceard'a' .paper on Victor ."Hugo should be tead as'' "a "corrective of Mr. Swinburne's. Few dispassonato critics will dispute the accuracy of this passage :-" WordB aro the great power and the supreme quality of Victor Hugo, nia writings aro fuller of images than of ideas. The splendour of his diction deceives, and in many circumstances has led to the belief that there is extra- ordinary depth in his thoughts. But the most superficial examination shows imme- diately how much there is that is factitious and artificial in this grand display of rhetoric." Mr. T. G. Walpole, writing on the Imperial wine duties, points out how £700,000 per annum may be added to the revenue by an increase of öd. and la per gal- lon on the rates now levied. Lord Stanley of Alderley has something to say about the Unsworth Union, which will not interest readers at this end of the world, and Mr. Marion Crawford gives us the benefit of his experience with respect to Rome ns a desira- ble place of residence. As he remarks, it ¡s one of the best abused cities in Europe, and one of tho healthiest for there are only two others which have a lower death rate and it has everything to recommend it for persons with a filed income and few ties. But it is not a cheap place to liv c in , for it would cost a bachelor £200 for the nine months during which the city ia habltablc. In repb to Dr Morell Mackenzie s article on specialism in medicine, Dr H B Donkin uiideital ea to expose its dangera Accordinj, to the respondent, " he w ho has the widest knowledge of tho human bod} and its d18 orders and diseases is host able to find out what is the matter with his pntients mid consequently with certain exceptions to tend or help them best towards recover} , foi the wideramuns knowledge is the hotter phj sician he willTie. A C} nie w ill probably conclude that Dr _Iac~en_ie hav uig obtained u splendid advertisement Dr Donlmvvasre solved to follow suit Mr 1 mill dedicates an agreeably written easr} to the more serious of the writings of Mr J It. Lonell who during his tenure of oflico as Amène in I Minister at St James a, won golden opinions from all classes of societj and was offered j but declined a lucrative professorship in the University of Oxford Hie cnt c while recognising Mr Lowells Bturdy American patnotiain na at least ouo good quality which ia not wholly Lnghsb considers th it some of his excellences as m in and writer are traceable to an intel lectual ancestry which he shares with our selves. Mr G I romanes writes a rejoinder to some recent deliverances of Professor Mivart on the subject of animal instinct an 1 allenea that the constant endeavouraof that gcntlem in to deify the uni nown are es sentinll} unscientific ' _ Joke or a Tob 13 the alliterative and interrogative title ot ii critical comment on the appointment b} the University of Oxford oi a Mr Napier, ot Gottmgen, to the chair of TnLhsh literature recent!} founded there It is written b} A Member of Convocation and the pith of the article 13 to bo found in the following paragraph,- lo elect a stu lent ot Ang o Saxon (for such Mr N ipier is so far as Oxford is concerned) to u chair of literature at Oxford seems moro lil e ft jol e than a job but then on tho other hand to elect a student ot Anglo Saxon to a chair ot literatura for which a professor of Anglo b ixon vv as a candi late Booms more hi e a job than a jol e Mr I Mucknrncsa in a paper on the future of South Africa enlarges on the necessity ot making n Crown colony ot Bccliuaniilnnd and of establishing it nro tcctorate over the /ulua and the Swa/us. A iurther instalment of the Radical programme deals with tho subject of taxation and finance the outhnea of the scheme bein. these -To secure the highest degree of economj and efficiency in the public service, to readjust the incidence of taxation, throw ing upon property the duty which it acl now ledges but evades , to improve and simplify the method of levying and collecting (axes , and final!}, to make n liberal apportionment of state funds on sound principles for tho social advancement of the people. In the Con'emporary /iflion, Mr Goldwin ? Smith acquaints us with his views concern ing the administration of Ireland He thinks a positive assurance should bo given ol the inviolability ot the union, and ot the hope lessness of all attempts,to destroy it, and fie is nopetul tnnt m time Ireland will be brought up to the lev el of Britmh rrngrcsi in Edi government Mrs Ohpmint coutrt but"H a critical estimate ot the gciuu3 of "victor Hugo She dots not ¡,ush U the Mme extent ns Mr Swinburne does, but while condemning "the extravagances ol hero worship, she cannot help (.11 ing 111 to them occasionallv She pronounces Ins romances to be, "in their kind nnd period, the greatest works produced in his time an I asserts that their writer is so much /mi« coi cun enre, that ehe does not 1 now how to classify him. A translation of the tribute paid to the poet 1 ) Giosuo Cnrducu an It than, follows done into I nghsh by Mr B F Lock Principal I airl nirn takes up ths question of Catholicism in relation to his torical criticism, und is conducted to the following conclusions -The principle ot development analytically applied to the Catholic system proves that the parent form or nborigmal germ-the ideal and socict) of Jesus-was by the environ inent modified in a twofold direction, first, mené mouiueu in a iwoioia airection, mar, from the ancient religions, Jewish and pagan, it received the notion of the pnest bood, vv ith all its accessories, and so became sacerdotal ; and second!}, from the Roman empire,working on tho material of its Judoo Hellenic policy, it received the dream and function ot Roman supremacy, and so became Catholic, papal, and infallible Moreover, the principal alleges, "there is nothing so little historical as the spirit that identifies Christianity and Catholicism, or that sees in it either the creation ot Jesus Christ, or the sole vehicle of Ina truth " An acceptable article on tfie Rus sum nrmy, its Btrength and organisation, lrom the pen of Captain W. L. Dav union, informs us that it consists of 700,000 men on a peace and over 2,000,000 on a war foot ing, mid is maintained at a cost of 20 millions sterling, which is about equal to one fourth of the total expenditure of tho state At the present time 40,000 men, 11,000 horses, and 10 guns nrestationed in Turkestan Mr. Romanes prints the Rede lecture, de livered by him a few weeks ago in the senate house of the Cambridge University, on the Bubjectof "Mindand Motion.' Discarding the theories both of the spiritualist and the materialist, he adopts the h)pothesis of the substantial identity of mind and motion, which is, in cflect, a restatement oi Bruno's monistic theory of things, and m this alone, lie eajs, "do we meet with what may bo termed n philosophically adequate conception of Deity " Mrs Haweis takes up the topic of gardening m London, and asks why the leads of houses in that city and its immediate surroundings should not be scoured and cleaned, and also covered w.th boxes, grottoes, rockeries for -uvei-u men euee-, fciu.--, lunecilla lue plants, or even laid out with a made soil for a regular garden Back } arils, Bue urges might be similarly utilised, or they might ha roofed in with glass and made greenhouses of at a trifling expense "Hie Primitive Ghost and his Relations ' is the title of an interest ingcsBay by Mr J G Frazer, m which he exhibits the antiquity and universality of the belief in these spectral visitanta, and de scnbea the methoda adopted by various nations, in all ages and in all parts of the world, to prevent the return of the spirit to the localities with which he or she was most tamiliar in life The nmount of research displn}ed by the writer in tho footnotes denoting the sources from whence he de n\edhi3 information ia something remnrl able. Lord Harris, the new Under Secretary for India, has found time to write a short paper on cricket, in which he enlarges upon what tina gamo has done towards bringing together the mother country and her Australian colonies "We nro inclined to question, he observes, " whether the excite ment m Australia baa been greater over the transmission of a body of colonial troops to assist the mother country m the Soudan than it was over tho Buccesa of tho brat Australian Lleven that visited these shores. ' In Great Britain, he tells us, the Pnglish people nie la} nig hold of the game more and moro ever) year, and there arc as many thousands ot spectators at all important matches as there were formerly hundreds Mr Bernhard W isc, of Sydney, makea nn "Australian Appeal to the Lnghsh Demo cracy in the pages ot Macmillan. It con sista partly 01 adverse criticism on the 1 nabhng Bill, which, ho alleges, "transfers the supreme political authority over the whole of Australia to a non electivo hod) oi 13 members," and partly of a protest against the action of the " narrow doctrinaires, ' hnv ing their headquarters m Melbourne, who are insisting on the entire exclusion of foreigners from the Pacific Ocean. Mr. Wise is ot opinion that great moral and material ad vantages will flow from having the repre sentatlves of other civilisations m our neigh bourhood, and that S)dney being "by its position the emporium of the island trade, ' will reap a large share of these advantages. Mr. A. G Bradley contributes a readable paper, partly historical and partly descrip tive, on the sleepy little town of Marl- borough, in Wiltshire, on the edge of all thal remains of tho old ro)al forest of Saur nake. Very few persons are aware that a law is likely to bo adopted by the Govern mentsof Denmark, Sweden, and Norway for the registration of trades, firms, and procura tions, which, according to a writer in Mau vitllan, "ma) be of more weight ultimate-} in the history of the w orld than all the more stirling events of its time,' since it is the first step tow arda a closer union of the Scan dmnvian kingdoms "ABtrong, united-not unified-Scandmavia, holding with a firm band the keyB of the baltic, penning up Russia, and capable ot holding German) in check, would," it is argued, " be one of the moot poncrlul factors m the maintenance of Euro pean peace, more especially if at some future time the rising nationality of Finland were able to enter the union on equal terms." llio author of the paper entitled "A Walking Tour in the Landes ' introduces us to a part ot lrnnce l}in,i outside the usuul route of tourists, but presenting man) features ot special interest, both us regards its peculiar landscape scenery and tho occupa- tions of its people We have received the first number of the Ileiiila biouca Italiana, a quarterly review published by the Brothers Bocca, of 1 unn, nnd edited by Proíessor limando, which is intended as a receptacle not onl) for articles of Bpecial interest on historical subjects by Italian writers of eminence, but also to pre sent in a compendious form whatever ap- pears in Great Britain, Trance, or Ger many bearing on the historv of the penin- sula. 'Hie present issue contuns four sub- stantivo memoirs on important topics by Professor Villon, of 1 lorencc, and other con- tributors of repute, 21 review 3 of historical works recently published in Purope, n com plete list of pamphlets, books, and mn^a-ine articles of a similar character, vvlncL have appeared during the previous three months, and reports of the proceedings of all the his- torical societies in 1 lance and Irai} 110m the same house ne have received the lost number of ( osmoi n (.eogrnphieal serial, edited by Professor Com, containing com munieations with respect to tue most recent discovciies b} exploréis, ns also in relation to the allied sciences It is illustrated b} an excellent map, showing the track of tho Dijmphna in the last Danish Arctic expedi- tion 'J hore ia plenty of v nriety and onl) n moderato quantity ot fiction in the eurrtnc number, of the Oeutlunan 1 Wavaxiiit Mr Grant Allen tells ua all about clover, and the methods by which it ia 1er tihsed, and by which nlao ltproteets its seeda from depredation, the Rev 1 P T Djcr empties a good deal of erudition into an eaany on faith healing, showing the antiquitv of the superstition Mr Hudson lav ours us w ith some entertaining reminiscences of lil in Patagonia, Mr Mern ale describes som i of his mountaineering experiences iii the Tv roi, and Mr T Abell relates apilgrinuvg» which he made to O^nma, one 01 til. two holy mountains of Japan 