,, IDA; MAY22, 2ss. IN connectioi with- ti'e?long pending negotiations., betwcecn: the polpdnr tion of .tia` boronli of= Sale n il the Geoienimneiit,in :tl atteiof the pro posed Canal, it will be seen by the re port oflth⁣'lbiunriteoibf the whole council; kil;ich e pil;ihist'this morning that the ranch ci iticised horongh cou - clddors ~ave mniplyvinhitte'- the posi tion they have assumed all through, a:nd that they have acted with wisdom alnd discretion entitling thoem, t: thi thanks of, ratcpayers. Without desiring for. one mnomneintTEU titact fromn the vaisne "(noonlr to th, horoogl, - buý,toaMll the readent' of rt: Giplshntl)' of lhe cilct a sinces.on, tlhanksO ..lie indle fatgihlti relffits of MIiL.Ais7i?'Ak t'L rtw and his colleague in Parliament, iat lengthll obtained'fironi the Government, it most not lie forgotten thiat fronm hle very outset, as claitnanrts fLr this Canal, the ieol ?lisnt sted'lh ave feccpieilt a vr'rvyst ;ongileositiOn.t ?gFd?after all ! idathd d ient' x h ok rn question only secures to us thlat which both Ttilsatof' -ealii uanment- sou lo ii ago is Noveiniher 1-3'ii3 urlyt t-welve yearsr, promised its in "The Railway. Constrnc tion Act,, 1873,", naiel the cominnec tii.. with thl Sale termiinius l: 'a loop line to the sLatrobe, as any one may see for himself,.ivhbwvill take the trouhlA to iread, the first :schedule: to thle 'ct. The iLegislaiire hlaviigie thus a?llirnied the:.necessity:;fo_ coiineting "r ilsca and shipjling trfltic, the only ,ossible ale hateable point thatecould hereafter arise wa's its to, the' iest' .iieans "of secnring that conneetion." ThIus it wasithat Sir John CGoode' scheme; No.;, ?-ine to 1be adoptced;-ind riou weim:tiy congratulrat, ourselves that tlhere is at longth a neai prosleet of the,?vork, beln,?ncai iedi to a snuccesful-isscue ;in the:l eluitablt agreeimintl with the Goveumimentls to fSer's i":'Thise! terms, we believe all will admit arej generally satisfietory, and in one point eminiently do6?'.i,that the' fee simple of" the wholoe of tlie boroighi common-is.to be ve~tein~ the cor poratimoi absolutely arii the ' cbuncil are to have power to devote tlie grnzing and ?iny other reveuiules deived friom it. toarnids defraying the cost of the niain tenance and nianagemnent of the anal)! The ratepayers will have- the power of sayi(og throngli their: representatives in the council at: aiy.time 'whletlhii the continoen is to?be retained 'as such or leased or. soldin" the whole ;or part to.,-p y off! the; debt, on, the: canal. In addition to, free grintiof thl?ewhole common lalnds adj acent to hthe Canal, tli' Govbiisaineimt hiaitHi.nd.oy.ce 'to 'is £15,000,: and unidertikes;'a, itse own cost entirely, to imake the- connectibn by iail, Ibctaceiic' the existing line and' the slhipping- asin, iwhich Iterminiates immediately : lppositei . tlle i uci:hnics inhtitnte: This connectioh will be ilade alongone'of-tlhe:back streets ii 'asitiilar way to thel line lietiveni t'lie Spencer rind'Flinders street stations,s; Melbourie. Thie. cot of itie wholb woik, it., will be seeh 'firo td' 'rieieort, is' estiniatCil it £30,000; one half-of wr ich'is prvidedtl for. by the" Gooernmient,; leakinig the. other hIlf to lbe: provided for by the boirongl;, ,,aiist ':hiclmulcihe'f t 'hti io' haithe I lh sands' for tihe pnrl)ose of dis posiaig'of, so hliatl' ite teriisa grid pUln ,;by thlecodniicil itllh the Governmiient are, "as we hbefore I intimateed reason abile, aind suoh .' liusinhTsu.iueism wouldl be jiustified 'in' acceiting. 'As ill necessity for the vexaiiois delays, swhiclielhaps a prndeit sution,;n -eo - deredJ:excusablea wliil the e ttmaer was ,i mplending,' ha.s now. "lipsed away, we cannot doutbt tiit; the borough cotncil will endleavour by every imeans -within its, iwor': to :ex~iite' thui: coiniience ment ofh t ioe r(s" so, that'eon 'duuring the ipresent Year we miahv see it fairly started. Thlat iit. e le s'uic'eaifilly completed,i' and when "comnlleteil will achliede it.i puripose,.is bevond llquiltion. Thi,re apoult, who ii he sietirt?uto ielieve, willbe that this portion?of the "Nei Province .will .iimekly, developetinto a perfect hive of profitable indiistry w?ith a luerativc man ufai:tuuring and shipping trade, thl!ulsliaking.Sale one of thlie most prosperous and sulbstintaitl ieiitres of population in thleswhole colony. "'Owin' to the extreme' pressure 'on'our space, we are, compelled'to hold oser a full report.of last night's borolgh connemil meet ing,=and our Melbourne' and district- corres ponidinedc. The report of thlie coinmhitte of the. hole council' on' the proposal of the "scruic:inan?t c the cailal ii; esti imnm liow evier, lihillsheld odiletail,.and will no doubt be read with interes . :.: : At the lor'ti h 6~i coincil iueetiilg last' ltght .th. mayoi staited in rifercnce to the M~arlejr street arestan well, that a else hail heco etlbcteal ,et nIea MIessrs Wright arid Ed wards andl the council.. No money :alhd een ihdit ii? e counceil for the lasmt contract Of £1, as it had not beien ~ mrricled out. It was resolved that step ihe at once takenu to clear SMondayornext iyill be.olbserved 'as -a pblic .holidayl: :celebrttion df thle sixty -sixth anilierstary of the Queen's birthday' anid tlhe usaali holidaysarrangements will be carried aI lat the ale p O "stl ad telegrapli otiees. "lie tps tonlhe will be closed at 0o a.m. Onl) the first delivery bly letter carrier will be effected, but. country mails will be re ceived and despatchtl . The telegraph office will ie open frotm 8.30 to 10 a.m., and from 6 to 7 pin.m. The local banks isill also 6bit ve Moudtlay hs a Ilsiday. - \- 'The post-olffice hithierto known by: the namne of 3lirboo will, from the Ist prox., bel calcled Mirboo South, and a nsew post oftice nildter the name of .1irboo will be opencedl at the place known as Mirltoo terminus. Mails -waill be despatched frotm Melbouono for- the new post ofie on Mondays, Welednesday, and Frilays at halflhiast 3 p,l., Idue at' tlhe post town on Tuesday, Thursdays, andul Saturdays at 11 a.m, ald mails flroml Mirleo wrill bIe despatchecd oel Mondays, Wedhies days, and Fridays at half-past 9 a.ntl., due at tlelboarne on Mondtays, \wohnebdays, and Fridays at tetn Itinutcs p:ast 11 p.i. :A fille mol of 135 horses were sent by special tLrajin yesterdlay frol'thle iSale station, ,onsigned to Messrs Krcrotuse anud Mulladden, of Port MIclbourne. Thie horses are to be foretrded to tihe Indtlian rharket. We asyaii reoiindl our coursiug flendis that the nominatioons for tihe Poppy Stakes, to lie runii on Monlday next, are to le ill tile Ihamrl of the sccretary at thie Royal Exchlange lIotcl by six o'clock t-mottoruw cte-ing. Thie dlraw will take place at sesen o'clock. The police dlesire it to be understood tihat, un!ets those parents awho hIave chlildrenm to be vaccinated cotly with thle notice alreadly given, re vaccinator, proceedings will bhe talen ?:ie?stl those io default, A meeting of ; intending pupils for the Sale School of Design was held at the mechanic's institute yesterday evening, when the preliminary arrangements for the establishment of the classes were carried out.. There were shabout 40 persons present, and Sir Stocks explained to the pupils by illus?tioni.whatkimls of drawing would In1 requircLi T ht?e;i ed ifor the first class ~net ti i' the first Friday in July, from 7.30 to 9 o'clock. It was decidel to try and proditieiffei of the rooms at the S hta~ge- nol in.whoiclt to conduct.th classes. l o ic dsnsl immaterils are to be "ohtaindfremi-Melliornce n6xt 'week, and will be retailed to the pupils at cost price. The clanses'o/ lie forided are figure, animal, landscape, architectural, geometrical,) and ornamjti '7' t rar was fixed at 2s Gd. For tle information of tlose who desireato.join the classes, we lave b /tir dukitAt io te that Mr Joiner will take further signatures. ,T., f~i, 1ol ing is thos taiam.to represenit the Gipppsland twenty-three in tile foot?iil match against the Essendon team, whichtis to take place to-morrow afternoon on the Sale cricket ground :-Bairnsdale.-Cae nýý If Ellr _nan.Hey d ? dale.- Miller, Murren, Scott. Sale; i AlladiBlakker,:i Mpbell,: hCeiMes, ir win, J. M'Dowall, 11. Moitgominry, J:?Tor, Simonseil, C. iWiit) WVylid." Te-f ralgon.-Minogue, Morrison, West. Emnr gcncia mli--i;iarshkl, f T -lnder. The visitdtrs will ibe entertained at a social in the cvcni n at the.R1oyal Exclhangv Hge).! The second, twenty of thd Essendon foot balltt uf iiill b? engaged in a match with twenty of the ,Taralgon club on Monday next. thel25th inst. The visitors will arriye in Traraaloloh\ Atis'd iVand will be en tertained at dinner the same evenicg ot 'Lifr if '.r1 1tili'J .i II84i atl'idaladas are as follow :--Essendon.-Duncan (cap t, l1; Bro1sBnogle, 'Coonptfjioh, Knowles (2), Lang,. Moloney, 3I'Kenzie, l'Kinnon, Smith, (2),Wicklham, Yarra, add Bruce.. Traralgon.--Wilson, Watson, Mfor sln5? jy))'hittakersc' (2h;?!hom'iassnl, 'Miler, Keesing, Scott, lHenderson, B-ird, Kewish Iandis-".inoi?gBreet, B 'o 0 omtlo, Jomhnson, West, Montgomery,; and Sheehan; emer geiicies: Grilliths, Laorenson, Al bersos, ison ,ad IL Curranu. Iu St-' Paul's Church of England on, Sud lltyrnighlt,iit<blinglWLit bSamd.ay, thioean thet to lsq sungitby .thechoir.iisAttivood's ::.Gomd,,Hola.Ghost;?i Atithe close'of'tlie service; it being bled the aniiter?iqry'bf Hdr Majesty's birthday,?'the, National s Anthem will ~hesung~; n:, ? iar .d1 11ud i-? '.lu 'i +s "We are glad to hear that tle,singing eda.s establisied nunder the auspices of the S l aI thoiblic YoungMirn' Societdjias'i ro l an un qualified success The class comprised abodt? 40 pupils for ttlit'iiinaelr which has just ed plred and mnel of) the sugc sa?cbiicisil is hen i 1 ,h fnctl it thioem e hiýeo wais most reguelar and atisfactory. On Tuesday eeniang,1ast;a consideribld.numberofjtihe pupils presentedi themselves for. examina tioa iu the rcquirenents for thu juniorcer tilicate, of i the " Tonic-Sol Fa, College, anil upwards of a dozen succeeded in passing, and it is anticipated that this number will Ie angmented to twenty onTuesday evening next. The second qunarter, as will be seen fby an ? nonuncemnent'ins ouridvcrtising columns; ?. ?mmnces-.n e y evening next, and intending new pupils are re quested to coinnimiicetifwith the hon.?ebrd tary on or before that diate.- " ' A concert will is hfeld dn Tuedac y cseing next at Upper hlatfra iu·taid of lthle fiids df the meclianics'instit~teand astlhe committee of the latter spare no pains to make the institute as comfortabrle I-o possible, there should Ibe a ood attenda co to help to swell the funds,i especially as' the concerts held there are generslldyso enjoyable.:, I. At ai ilecting of the timber committee of *the Colonial and Indian Exhibitfibonu 6mis sidu held on Wednesday init, at;twis decided to : pay: a visit' shortly' to the' district i of Ynrragonifoi tile purpose of seleetintg' ife specimens 'of the giant Gippslandt trees Satisfactory progress-is reported to have made with the collection, nry, orkstreet, have just omplte lto l orde l of the boroui,.hlf couuncl several street hump, pillar.. •lh ey dare n1milars iii dein 2 o those alreaily in uTe are ?luily as well tfnisal , and ' re ttirncd outa a lower rate than tlose-supplied Iby Melbourne firms.' " On• -Ji ?1is1l 'i£ ua utfJ| of settlei. iii tihe tNa rtcn ihstdielt-wasr h?rl ced " the Railyray.Conmmissioner4 by IMfr .F· ~,( Mason. M.L.A., to ask .for n jstation.at Wrood's track, near the iNarracan Falls, mi the Moe toNarracan lice, about three mniles beyond the station whiclh is to be provided for araflgio and fromithae co3l tue. lh T sGtthfrd'" i"half: f l'oa' ti 'lsllbrenti locali ties,'h e.torilsa ftbm n which"dtnver geilat Wood?'afrackek:;The' deputation urged that there was plenty of good water for the'lodo? mnoti.es and thmt all the asurrouidin, disa trcet wa settld, a tite 'great difculty of troinelling so the Gippislainddistrit rkde'eit it ndecessary to have mnore stations lmn wcre ssually illotted tohues in loc.hltis osirenle with gioodietaRlfl.?liroads. ;'le ildeputation also desired to uri~ upon tl·coilmissiondie s the iecessityl ir constir'tii' t ilid lile hd full'lengthi auithorisd by PIarihanicnt,'- iz.; to block 13lt tlerwise it ;onuld leay tihe settlero of Nsrrucsu West auuproSidesl with r2-i ay facilities.: Mr loa lli, J..,, pree sentod ,to the:comuissioncrsi a memorial from a public, meeting recently chld' in sup portof the reiluest for a station near iNa?r can Falls.?. ir Agg said the commisiorldes woul ask the kiiegineer- in-chief to repirt? ~ to the erection of a station at tihe place in dicated, and if thire "was no insuperabl difliculty in tIhe way, the requ est of the de putation slioui hbe favourably considered. They ?;vould also mike a note of the .desire of the West Narracan settlers to lhave the railwaiy constructed to the fulllengii nutlso rised Iby Parliaonent, imd-wouldl give the matter full consideration. The deputation then tlhai ked the Cgmmissioners and witli mren. A meeting of the creditors of ?lr Tllioias Whlitney, of Traralgon Creek, was Iheld na thie Sale lIotel oni Tuesday, Mr RI. Mackay biing'in:thecahaui. 'Mr:Whitnyailade as offer to pay 5s in the £, a 6ll at once, and L id in three months. This was refused, and Mr Blencraft said tliat Whitney would Ihave no otlher alternative than to6 fill his schedule. The principal represented cre ditors were Messrs RIt. Mackay andi Co., £60 Ss 8d; Mestrs English, Little and Co., £33 ISs 10ad; lr O. Marriage, £3G6; and Mir . M. Mill, £31. The principal creditors un; represented were Mr Alblert Whitney (amnountdue for wages), £137 ; Messrs Butler and Moss, £30; 3Messn H. M'Kenzie and Co., £13; MJr J. Peterkin, £30; Colonial Bank, £75; and Mair P. M'IGuaran, £12. We were yesterday shosin a hanldsome single-sesteld blggy, nmasnfactured Iy Ofr James Cole, of lIaymond-street, to timhe order of Mr I. M'Farlane, of Panringa Park. Thel rehicle is one of the neateet nd. most comi pact in every particular that has come undler our notici fur sonte time, anid sacrves to lshow the rapid strides that are being Iiadel tiu ti line of busicness in Sale. Tlherc are firve other buggies in course of construction at ir Cole's factory, all of whici are osslered, and the shop at preseist exhibits quite a scene of activity. Mr Gee. Davis' cult David isto be treatedl to a well earned spell, and will shortly he tylped qut at lRivbrladle, r: A series of interesting letters written from Khartoum by Mr. Frank Power, the corre- spondent of The Times, who was killed near Merawee with Colonel Stewart, has been published (says the St James's Gazette). They were written to members of his own family, and edited by his brother, Mr. Arnold Power. In the late letter of the series, dated Khartoum, March 6, 1884, Mr. Power writes : - "Gordon is working wonders with his conciliatory policy. Of course those French brutes must interfere. Today a new French Consul, or a man intrusted with a secret mission from France, arrived here. There is not a French subject in Khartoum, or a penny's French interest in the Soudan since M. Marquet went from here, yet this fellow comes. He is the Editor of the Bosphore Egyptien, a halfpenny evening paper in Cairo, which was suppressed last week for violent attacks (personal and filthy) on Baring, Clifford Lloyd, and the English officers, and horrible stories about our Queen. The people here, Greeks, Arabs, etc., all condemn the bad taste of the French is sending him as consul. He has not yet called on any of 'us in the palace ; but we three (Gordon, Stewart, and myself) fare agreed as to how we will receive him." .{-1yonng jman na n?eit;William S banhy will ojpriesented "on rt dmanthe tlieaR'cort tltjsii?? ,ningon: n, ,ar1 of?, ? from, te Idwesllin;Ig ious of .Carl RtnlTff,;ldBald illsThre uwallllsohe ecbro horse liIhmngi, aunt p?týY lareny lip i'.gainst Thie curm?i rof: anttest. tates has oh tained a rule to iiister the estate of John Webb, Stratford, who died !st Mary, 1878, £05: The tender of Mr , H. Hawkiuns, £23,3 w &(, for 165-chains widening 7th and 8th miles Donnellys Creek valley road, has been accepted. The Ierald says the prospecting party on the -Thonmon river, Gippsland, report thlat after trying the stream for a distanee of se?en miles, frequently examining prospects from it, they have been unable to raise the col r of gold., o 1. intl'!,h 5f>,ll(,. ':1:{ -aMr Jqhtitarbe.,Ieof l lydlelnkl, met with I painful acideinton i'tnesaay Inst .. It' appcarsithlatplu wras/engageliciinutting branch offa tree, swhei the axe le was using slipped ountof is hands and fell boi his'icad, inflieting anasty gash, which ihdl profusely. The sufferer '-as attended to by Dr. M'Leanl,' who stitched the wound up, and we aroe pleased tb state that ihe is nosw progressilig favorably. . The Grant co?rreisiident of the cBairns dfale Adrertiser says, that affairs in co-. nection with the New Good Hope are by no means as promising as: they were, the last crushing not havig're:ched cxpeetations, and iN a consequlencee the men have not bIeen~ paid their wages upti.ll 'te. Fd- me csnsiderahle time past th menlih cce ii, the habit of maiting for their wages until crushings take pliici', but they are appi reutly ired of doing so any longer. Sonm /,th nnoyjii t cft the mine now, anst dtlerj will 'hlelading shortly. There are still some at Grant who think good gold ivill yet be struck in this mine. MrW lB. Blaey.- pianofotrtetiiner from Melbourne, will be in Sale for a few days longer. Orders may be left at Messrs 8. Kahian and Co., Foster-street, Sale. Tl~o members of thle -A. 0 ,F.;are requested by ai'ertisinmet im anbthereolumn to meet at the court room at 10 o'clock on the 25th inst, to take' part in t'he \fancy costume procession in connection with thi: Sale cricket club. T)'he imeemher' of the Sale V\olunteer-Fire trigArle are also requested to meet at the depot in Foster-street for the same purposue. iWe would again draw attention to the bali to be held in the shire hall Maffra to night, in aid of the funds of the lio d'foot ball club and mechanies institute. By advertisement in'another column it will be seen that a concert is to be given at Sitratford on Friday evening the 5th of .une; in aid of the fulnds of the Stratford Wes leyan church. Thoprogrammeswhieh is said to he a very attractive one will be published shortly, " /dumhtiol.lea Tareo tol,e' sc ellej at Traralgon- dvdry alt ntit 3roda3 6n "aid after the Ist June; a notice to tlhat effect signal by all the aetioneers appearing ill onr ndveitiiit{elgofhuni nts{i Th'mcwvil he und sales in Traralgol on o l Monday niext. . + . . . . '.. . . . . .. . " - - 