CUT BY THE COUNTY. A NOVEL. By M. E. BRADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Phantom Fortune,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] Chapter XII. — 'Then Be We, Each and All, Foegiven.' A week went by, a week of misery for every one at Darnel Park, and for at least one person outside the gates ; a week which had brought no new tidings of any kind. Mr. Penwern had gone -back to Scotland Yard a confessed failure; and Dora was scathing in her con tempt for the detective force. He had eaten and drunk ; he had been handsomely paid for. his services; he had gone upon expensive journeys to Liverpool, and Plymouth, and Cork ; but he had failed to arrest the footsteps of Jaker, or even to discover what white wings had wafted Jaker and his fortunes westward. Among the crowd of emigrants for that western paradise, the poacher, a marked man in the neighborhood of Darnel, had been but an insignificant unit, and he had left no trace behind him in the memory of dock laborers or quayside loiterers. The note changed by Jaker at the village shop had been identified by Sir Allan's bankers as one of the notes issued to him. This fact established Jaker's guilt in the mind of the de tective. But it did not satisfy Dora Darnel. From the first she had made up her mind that her sister- in-law was in some wise implicated in the guilt of that fatal night. She was not going lightly to surrender that belief. It was the fruition of her own evil thoughts, the culmination of her long cherished dislike of her brother's wife. She was not going to re linquish her own convictions, the outcome of much intense thought, merely because the real criminal had been clever enough to pass some of his plunder to Jaker, no doubt with the express intention of putting justice on a false scent. While Miss Darnel clung to her own convictions Edward Colchester was pursued by the thought of that handsome and gentleman like stranger, whom the HMowbray girls had seen lurking about Darnel. He took occasion to discuss the subject a second time with Miss , Mowbray and her sister — during a chance meet ing at somebody else's house— and again he heard of the stranger's shabby clothes and superior air, his anxiety to know who was stay ing at Darnel, and .upon which side of the house Lady Darnel and Miss Darnel's rooms were situated, 'Did he ask about both?' asked Edward, deeply interested. '¥es, abont both. And we were so frightened that we answered him like silly sheep, without thinking how improper it all was,' answered Jane. ' Such questions could only be asked by a burglar, could they ? And yet he had such a gentlemanly air : and he looked very ill, poor creature,' said Miss Mowbray. ' The whole thing is too mysterious,' said Mrs. Vincent, the lady of the house, who had called upon Dora Darnel that afternoon, and whose imagination had been fed with sugges tions and inuendoes. ' But then Lady Darnel is such a very mysterious person.' 'She is a charming woman,' protested Edward, who was not going to sacrifice Lady Darnel to these ladylike harpies. He had always liked her, and believed in her ; and he was prepared to stand by her now. It was Grace whom he suspected, Grace who had treated him so badly. 'Charming, no doubt. She is very hand some, and very elegant, and she has a certain style of her own, which is very taking even if it is not quite good style,' replied Mrs. Vin cent, with a judicial air ; ' but every one must admit that she is mysterious. There is a want of candor, a something underhand.' 'Why should you accuse her of being under- . handed,' exclaimed Edward. ' Did she ever tell you a lie ? People are not obliged to go about in society advertising their antecedents. Perhaps she was very poor in her first hus band's 'lifetime, and doesn't care to talk about the shifts she was- put to. The world is so snobbish that people are ashamed of owning they were ever hard up. Or the man may have been a scamp, who knows ?' 'No one knows anything,' said Miss Mow bray maliciously. ' Lady Darnel has shown a peculiar talent for holding her tongue.' ' Then she is the most original of women,' retorted Edward, 'and I only wish the rest of her sex were as clever.' This' was a glaring piece of injustice, since a few minutes ago he nad been doing all in his power to make Jane and her sister talk about their encounter with the tramp, outside Darnel. But Edward Colchester had not been himself for the last ten days. HiB heart was gnawed by jealousy, and this gnawing process is apt to have a very bad effect upon a man's temper. A week had gone by since that morning when Clare Darnel had entered her husband's room, full of love and hope, to be received with such crushing coldness. She had not seen him since that hour, She had waited meekly till he should summon her to his bed side. She was ready to bear the punishment of her sin against him, that one sin of conceal ment, ready to acknowledge that she had erred in withholding her. confidence from the husband and friend to whom she owed all her allegiance. During the week that was just ended Sir Allan had made marked progress towards re covery. A powerful constitution and habits of exceptional temperance had made his re storation to health easy, when once the bullet had been successfully extracted. He had been gradually regaining strength of body and mind during that week of quiet and seclusion. He had seen his daughter once, his. sister three times. Dora had urged her right to see him, and he had yielded to her wish, not with out reluctance. She had sat with him for an hour on each occasion, and she had talked softly in low and gentle accents, yet dropping such drops of venom as those lips of hers were wont to distil when her brother s wife was the subject conversation. Whatever Sir Allan thought of her insinuations he had been in scrutable. And now the day had come when he felt himself equal to an interview with his wife^ — that interview which he felt must needs be final. His house must no longer shelter a traitress ; his daughter must no longer call an infamous woman mother. It was to Grace, his only child, his darling of peaceful days gone by, that he turned in this hour of dark despair. Amidst the shipwreck of his happiness she was the straw to which he clung. And now, to- day, when he had to pronounce judgment upon his guilty wife, he summoned Grace to stand at his side, to be in some measure judge between him and the woman they had both loved. Grace would incline to mercy. Grace would pity the sinner, even in the midst of indignation and sin. It was the first day upon which Sir Allan bad been well enough to sit up for an hour or two. He looked the pale ghost of his old self as he sat by the fire wrapped in a long brocaded dreesing-gown, bordered with sable, as pictu resque as the robe of a Venetian senator in the sixteenth century. The gown had been planned and chosen by Lady Darnel and made in secret as a birthday gift for her husband. He remembered that fact when his valet handed him the garment, and would have avoided putting it on — but his only other dressing gown had been stained with blood on the fatal night. He could not reject the obnoxious robe without too plainly indicating his antipathy, and he did not want to make his wife's dis grace common talk in the household. \- He sent for his wife and daughter, and they came to him side by side. Grace flew to the hearth ' where he sat 'in a spacious armchair. She flung herself upon her knees beside him, and nestled her bright head in his lap. ' Oh father,- what delight to be with you,' she murmured. Clare stood a little way off, calm, erect, but very pale. If she stood before him thus as a criminal, conscious of that last worst crime of which a wife can be guilty, she was indeed the most audacious, among women. But though her face expressed a proud tranquility, and her eyes — grave, sorrowful, reproachful even — looked at him unshiinkingly, she was content to stand aloof, as one who knew there was ' an impassable gulf between herself and him. So Allan Darnell thought in his agony as' he looked at the wife he had loved. Had loved ? Is there ever an end to such a love as this ? Did Lucius Junius Brutus cease to love his sons, when as their judge, he con demned them to death ? Never had Allan Darnel loved yonder pale beautiful woman more intensely than he loved her now, in this supreme hour of renunciation. 'Grace, I have sent for you because I have that to say to Lady Darnel which I wish you to hear,' he began gravely. ' There are some fathers who would keep euch a sorrow as mine for ever secret from a daughter, who would hush up and gloss over facts, leave all things in darkness and mystery, a something to be won dered about for ever afterwards. But I have chosen .to act otherwise. You are a woman, and it can do you no harm to know that there are wicked women in this world as well as good women. I give you my whole.. confidence, Grace, because I oelieve you are wise as. well as loving. ' I 'Father,' cried ihe girl, looking at him with horror, ' ivhat are you going to say? Not one word against my mother i' ? '?usn-' exclaimed Sir Allan, putting his L'and upon her lips. 'You must never again cjvll that woman by such a name. Yon look upon her today, I hope, for the last time. Lady Darnel and I are going to part, Grace, for ever. There is no need for me to enter ' upon the reasons for that parting. She know* what those reasons are as well as I. There need be no public scandal, no disgrace for her — whom we have both loved. Lady Darnel is comfortably provided for under her settlement. She will do well to live abroad, alleging any reason she may please, not dishonorable to me, for our separation. I would spare her all the pain I cap, although her infamy well nigh cost me my life, although her midnight visitor did his best to murder me.' ' Father, father,' cried Grace, with a wild shriek of horror, 'you are wrong, deluded, deceived — deceived by me, your wretched daughter. It was in the hope of seeing me that that man came to this house. He had been lurking about all day. He wanted to get an interview with me — to claim my promise perhaps to ask me for money since he was brought so low.' ' Grace, what are you raving about? You are mad,' exclaimed Sir Allan, looking from his daughter to his wife in sheer bewilderment. Clare had said not a word. She stood before him silent, imperturbable, waiting to hear his accusation in all its fulness. She wanted to hear him to the end—to learn the lowest depth to which she had sunk in his estimation before she uttered one word in her own defence. And now Grace had come to the rescue ; Grace, the generous and impulsive ; and the whole story must needs be told. ' No, father, dearest, I am not mad ; but I have been foolish, blainable, wicked even ; for it was wicked to keep the secret of my folly from the best and kindest of fathers. I am deeply ashamed of myBelf. If that dreadful wound had been fatal I should have been the most miserable creature in this world. I could not have gone on living knowing that my folly had been the cause of my father's death.' And then briefly, bravely, without disguises or sophistications of any kind, Grace Darnel told the history of her entanglement ; told how she had seen her scampish lover upon Chick - sand Common when they were out cub-hunting in the morning, and how she had seen no more of him. ' You did not see him again at night, then?' questioned her father. 'How do you know that it was he whom I saw in the next room — the man who fired the shot ?' 'I do know it — as well as one can know anything from circumstantial evidence, but it is a long story. Hark ! there is a carriage,' cried Grace, rushing to the window. 'It must be the colonel. I had a letter from him this morning saying he should try to be back to-day. He knows everything. He can con vince you that I am telling the truth.' ' He knows,' said Sir Allan. ' You trusted him, then, when you dared not trust your father.' ' Because I was not one little bit afraid of him, dear indulgent old thing,' cried Grace. 'May he come upstairs at once? I am dying to see Vim f' ' Not yet, Grace, we must have this story out first. If — if I have wronged your step mother as deeply as your words imply ? ' 'You have wronged her — deeply, cruelly, 'outrageously. There never was a more de voted wife. I know how she has suffered all through your illness, poor thing; and she stands there like a statue, accused of crimes of which I alone am guilty.' 'Clare,' cried Sir Allan, holding out his arms to his wife, trying to rise, but almost too weak to lift himself from the capacious depths of the low armchair. ' Clare, can you forgive me?' 'Allan, my beloved husband.' She flew to his arms. On her knees, with her head upon his breast, she sobbed out the fulness of her heart. ' No, Allan, no,' she gasped, when her pas sionate tears had exhausted themselves ; ' no, I am not without guilt. I, too, hays been weak and cowardly. Like this poor girl here, I have had my secret. I have kept one Blue beard chamber in my life locked from yen, the best and most generous of men. Grace is mis taken. Her unprincipled suitor, the unhappy young man who in Paris called himRplf Victor de Camillac, came to this house on that dread ful night to see me, to obtain money from me ; from me, whose purse had been emptied for him time after time since my marriage. You must have often wondered what I did with my money, Allan ; how I contrived to get rid of that handsome income which your love had settled on me. You know now. It was not spent on private charities, as you fancied. It was not from motives of benevolence that I stinted myself of those luxuries women love. It was my worthless son who drained my purse and squandered your money in gambling clubs and on racecourses.' ''Your son?' ? 'Yes, my son, Stuart Mackenzie's son, who,. God help him, has inherited all Stuart Mackenzie's vices, including the capacity for. murder. My son, who may before long be standing in the criminal dock to be tried for the crime of that fatal night, and to bring dis grace upon you through your -wretched wife. He was not drowned as we thought in the Erl King. He wrote to me from San Francisco within two months of my marriage. He had seen the announcement in an English paper, and he congratulated me on my good fortune, and my power to help him. From that time to this his letters have been one long series of demands. I have complied, weakly, hope lessly, ready to grant anything rather than to let you know my trouble, rather than that you should feel ashamed of your wife's son. He is mine, you know, my very own, my flesh and blood. No dishonor can touch him that does not cast its shadow upon me. I could not bring myself to confess how low he had fallen. If I had told you anything I must have told you all. I preferred' to keep my secret, and in this one matter to be a hypocrite.' ' Poor Clare, poor misguided Clare. As if I should have failed you, love. Why I would have stood by you and helped you if you had been the mother of half a dozen scampish sons.' ' Ah, you are so good ! But I wanted to spare you all trouble and worry.' 'And so worried yourself out of health and spirits. All wrong, Clare,' said Sir Alkn gently. ' I tried under these conditions to do my duty to my wretched boy, tried to be bis ad viser and guide, to put him in an honorable way of life. I gave him the means of living as a gentleman ; the leisure to cultivate the pro fession of his choice. I refused no request he made me. I lent a willing ear to his promises of amendment. . All in vain. He was a drunkard and a gambler — his vices were in grained in him— a hideous hereditary taint — the leprosy of sin. When he stood before me that night, threadbare, down at heel, haggard, degraded, I knew that he had fallen to the lowest depth of moral and physical ruin. Hjk shaking hands and restless man ner told me too plainly that he was a sufferer from his father's old disease, the brandy-drinker's fatal fever. He had so suffered before, as I knew. He had hardly emerged from boyhood when he was first attacked by that horrible complaint. I knew all this ; but I did not know that he could be mad enough, or wicked enough to attempt murder. He told me of his courtship of Grace — ad- mitted that he had passed himself off as a Frenchman, was daring enough to talk about claiming the fulfilment of her promise directly she came of age. He asked me for a large sum of money, which I refused ; and, while I was absent from the room he opened the Japanese cabinet where you had put the notes — he must have seen you from the balcony — and was in the act of malting off with them when you entered.' 'I understand,' muttered Sir Allan. 'It was the money, then, that madehim desperate. I bad forgotten all about that money.' ' Other people did not forget. Miss Darnel brought a detective from London, and he put the whole story together.' ''Dora brought a detective here, and with out my permission,' exclaimed Sir Allan. 'She brought the police into the house while I was lying unconscious here ! That was rather a wide stretch of her authority as my sister.' ' We were all so anxious about you, dearest,' murmured Grace.' ' I daresay it was Aunt Dora's anxiety which made her send for the detective.' 'I don't think the whole of Scotland Yard could have done very much towards saving my life, Grade. It would have been more sisterly of your aunt to have postponed her' enquiries till I was able to sanction them.' - 'She could not have guessed that the thief was my son and Grade's suitor,' said Lady Darnel, ' Happily for us the man from Scot land Yard was beguiled by a false scent, and my wretched son is still at liberty. God only knows where he is, and what we may next hear of him.' ' Nothing bad, I hope, mother,' said Grace, for the colonel has undertaken to look after him ; and as I had a very cheery letter from the dear old man this morning, I have no doubt he has managed everything admirably. Would you mind- his coming here now, father ? I am dying to hear what he has dope.' ' Yes, Grace, you can send for him now.' Grace went off to deliver her own message, and Allan Darnel and his wife were alone for a little while. Alone, and side by side, full of trust in each other, just as they had, been before the crime which for a little while had wrapped their lives in a black cloud. 'Ah, Clare, what a besotted idiot— what a ruffian I have been to you,' said Sir Allan, lifting his wife's hand to his lips. 'What shall I do to atone for my brutality ?' 'Get well and strong as fast as ever you can, dearest, and let us start upon that delicious journey to the Italian Lakes. . And — . . yes, there is one other favor I should like to askyou.' 'There is nothing you can ask, love, which I will not grant.'1 . : 'I think, Allan, when we come back to Darcel it would be better for your sister 1u ' find a £ome elsewhere. I do not believe that she and 1 .can ever be quite happy and at ease '. under the s£me roof, for I have an idea that she detests me. ' ' . : : 'And upon m-' honor, Clare, I believe you are right. My sisv.'' was a ^erj good sister as : long as there was no i?ival to dispute or share her influence ; but slit is fond of power, she was proud of her positioV as mistress of Darnel Park, and she has never .Oonestly forgiven me for marrying again. I belicsye that, in a lady like way, she has contrived to .prejudice a good* many of my old friends against my new wife. She shall find another home, ClaTft. You and I will have nothing but sunshine in *-ur domestic lives. You don't mind, Grace, do ^pu ? Grace is devoted to you.' ' And I am devoted to Grace. I shall be very sorry when we are obliged to pjvrt with her. Oh, Allan, while we are still alo.ie tell me that you can forgive the trouble I Jbave ' brought upon you through my unhappy sorr— . poor .Grace's . entanglement— that . terriWe wound, which has imperilled this dear IiftC H yon had never known me these things might not have happened.' . '' ? - 'If I had never known yon I should have missed knowing true happiness. ' We must - - take the sour with the sweet, the thorns with the the roses, dear love. Life is made so. As for Grace, she is a' fine impulsive : creature, created to - .get into mischief ? of some kind in the flush of youth and - folly, like a roe caught in a thicket. Add she might have met your scampish son in the - ; Louvre all the same had I never met you.' ? ' Hardly, Allan, for it was your money that ' ' , gave him the means of living in Paris.' - ' Here comes the colonel,'' said Sir Ailgn Grace came gaily into the sick room, bring ing her TnHig.-n warrior, whose fine benevolent countenance beamed with kindly feeling. ' 3tfy ? dear Alln.nl this is a change for the ? better. Lady Darnel, I congratulate you,' he - said, as he sank into the chair which Grace - wheeled forward to the hearth. ' I was very sorry to leave Darnel while you were in such a critical state ; but I had some particular busi ness in town ? ' 'You can speak before father and mother'; they_ know everything about Monsieur de Camillac.' ' I am very glad of that, Grace. First and foremost, then, there are your letters,' said the colonel, handing her a sealed packet. ' You - can count them by-and-bye and see if they are all right. And there is a letter from the young man, whose name is no more Camillac that it isStukely.' 'Grace knows his real name now,' said Clare. 'The deuce she does,' cried the colonel. -' ' 'It's more than I do, for I believe the fellow has half a dozen aliases. However, Grace knew the man as CamDlac, and as Camillac he writes to her, renouncing all claim upon her, acknow ledging that he was altogether unworthy oE her girlish confidence, and that he obtained her promise under false pretences. The letter was written on board the Orizaba, bound for New Zealand, where I have dispatched our young friend under the care of a doctor who is going to settle ip the colony, and who will look after Mr. Camillac and set him on his legs when he gets out there. If. there is any capacity for reform in the man he will have a - - ' fair chance of redemption.' ' God grant that he may take ad vantage of- - . it,' exclaimed Clare. ' Oh,' Colonel Stukely, _ .. - how can I «ver be grateful enough to you for - ? this good work V .-..-?- 'Yon !' said the colonel, looking' puzzled. - , 'Ah, you do not understand: yet. ' You.. have not been told alL The service done for Grace is a tenfold boon to me. The man you ' have tried, to rescue is my son, Valentine :' ' Stuart Mackenzie. If you have indeed saved him ? ' . ? . ' If he had been my own son I could nofc: I have done anything better for him.' 'And you have taken all this trouble; you have spent a great deal of money — -' began Lady Darnel, but the colonel interrupted her. ' Don't talk about money. The whole busi ness has cost very little more than a hundred so far. And that reminds me that I have ' some money of yours in my pocket-book, Allan ; just half of the notes which Lady . Darnel's son took in his mad fit. The other half ' ~ fell into the clutches of Jaker and his brood, who robbed him while he was under the in fluence, of delirium tremens. Don't be un happy, Lady Darnel, the fit was over before we put hirn on board the Orizaba, and my friend the doctor will look after him throughout the voyage. The Orizaba is a sailing vessel. . The passage will last long enough for a perfect- ' cure if my friend Feronisas firm as I believe he . will be. I put the case in his hands as an in- . teresting experiment. ' Here is' a young man - ; organically sound, good-looking, well-made, well-born, well-bred, given over to the demon drink. I give him into your custody, out of reach of temptation, for tie steward and the captain will work with you for his welfare. You can have him all to yourself for the next two months. If there is any virtue in your science you ought to be able to cure him.' And Feron declared that he would cure him.' , ;; ? Clare gave the colonel her hand. - — . ?' ' * ' You have brought me comfort and hope,' ' * she said fervently. ' You are' a .noble- hearted '.' man, Colonel Stukely, worthy to be my hus- - band's friend.' - ? '?-??' . -J - 'You can give me no higher praise than - that.' . ''..-'.. Grace had opened the packet and looked.. : ' ' over her letters. Yes, they were all there, the poor little school-girl notes written in the most Britannic French,' with much recourse to. ; grammar and dictionary; the letters written : Liter from Darnel, in a freer style, and a little more Gaelic, but abounding in wrong genders and impossible tenses. She glanced through the collection, blushing as she looked, and. - . ' then knelt down on the hearthrug and threw . them behind the burning logs. What a merry blaze they made. While the flames went roar ing up the wide old chimney, she turned to her godfather, half in tears and half in mirth fulness. . ? ? r ?- - t ... 'You have* done something more for me than teach me my catechism and the (Ten ' Commandments in the vulgar tongue,' she said ; 'you have rescued me from a great difficulty.' :?,-.-. 'Perhaps if I had been in the way to teach- . ' you the Ten Commandments, laying a par ticular stress upon the fifth, you might never have got into that difficulty, my poor Grade.' 'No ; if I had honored my father as I ought - . - to have done I should never have engaged my self to a French art-student without his know ledge,' said Grace, and then, with a touch of pretty rebelliousness, she added, 'but then he ought never to have sent me to school. That was the beginning of eviL' ? - ? ?- 'That was Aunt Dora's doing,' said Sir Allan. *' The school was her advice.' 'I hate people who are always giving ad vice,' exclaimed Grace. 'A thing that costs nothing, and which nobody wants. =? - How happy they were, sitting round ths coBy hearth in the spacious old room which Wren had planned for just such family uses. Four people sitting round the fire in the average modern bedchamber would be a crowd,' ' but here there was room enough for twenty. They sat round the fire talking for the next hour, and almost forgot that Sir Allan was still an invalid, till the family doctor came in. . . and reproved them severely all round, in cluding the patient. v--- ???? ?-- ???? — ??-?'?? ' I said you were to sit up for an hour or so, and you have been up at least four hours,' he ' expostulated. -- -^ - - ? _? - ? ' ' The other three hours went under the head of or so,' replied Sir Allan. 'It was a vague expression on your part which I took to have a liberal meaning. Don't be frightened, Danvers, I never felt better in my life ; and I am going to eat one of those partridges which you navebeen pressing upon me as persistently ? as Louis the Fourteenth upon his confessor. I am going. to eat a partridge and HriTiTr a tumbler of Heidseck 'to my supper/ as old fashioned people say.' — - ?? . -. ? - , ? - ' Upon my soul, I believe you have been : taking Heidseck already,' said the doctor, 'for yon are as merry as a grig, andyoutave been all in the dolefuls till to- day.' ': - 'The tide has turned, doctor,' said Sir . Allan. 'You shall see now fast a man of forty-five can gee well when he is surrounded by those he loves.' Before the end of November Sir Allan was well enough to start for the south. The day before he left Darnel Park he had a decisive - - interview with his half-sister, during which he- ' made it very clear to Dora Darnel that her place was no longer under the same roof that - '- sheltered her brother's wife. . ? ? . : 'I do not understand in what manner I ; have offended Lady Darnel,' said Dora, with - ; an air of ill-ueed innocence. 'I hayeabso- . lutely slaved in my desire that everything in - - this house should be as near perfection as , possible. If Lady Darnel had any experience of a large establishment she would be, better able to appreciate the trouble I have taken in her behalf.' ' Lady Darnel is not unappreciative, Dora. She has a great admiration for your talents as a housekeeper— so great, in fact, that her am bition has been aroused by your example, and she would like when we come back to try her hand at housekeeping on her own account, so I shall be glad if you will plan your future life while we are away. I am sure we shall all be excellent friends at a distance.' Dora paled to the lips, and the hand that played with her watch-chain was faintly tremulous, but she maintained her dignity as she replied — ' ' 'I am deeply grateful to you for my re lease, Allan. Residence under Lady Darnel's roof has long been painful to me. My own wants are of the simplest. My poor little in come will enable me to live in London, and in an intellectual atmosphere, where I hope I ; shall not be misunderstood as I have been here.' ... ', You mufit allow me to double your income, as I have always intended if ever we camato. = live apart,' said Allan kindly. _. Dora protested against the idea, bntvMiere was that in her protestation which assured Sir Allan that she would not be inflexible. - ? _ - . Glare and Grace both left Damd with Iijfcter . i hearts because of the knowledge tiiat tiiey would not find Miss Bund installed there on i ibeirs&tnrn.; That penueious influence would J be taken out of their lives for ever. 'I can never forget that it was Aunt Dora vho sent me to school,' said Grace, in hex- con fidential talk with her step-mother, i^nile Sic Allan slept peacefully on the other side of the railway carriage which was taking them to Genoa. 'She is the only person who ever parted me from my father. ' , 'Bui X believe there ia one other person who has the same JnalicioBs intention, Grae%' answered Lady Darne^. -smiling at her. 'IX Mr. -Colchester comes 'to spend Christmas at Venice with us, as he threatens, I fancy it will be -with the Bope,t-£ persuading yon to ex change Darnel J?ark tor the manor before long.* ' He is a £isst persistent young man,' said tJrace, binding. 'I hope it won't bore you io have him in Venice.' *- I shall be delighted to have him. He has always been my friend. He has never looked coldly.tlown upon me as other people have done at DarneL' 'I believe that coldness was mostly Aunt Dora's fault,' said Grace, and she was right, for on Lady Darnel's return to her husband's house in the spring, and- upon the announce ment of Grace's engagement to Edward Col chester, people who naa held themselves some what -aloof before hastened to Darnel to offer their congratulations upon that pleasing event, and somehow before the year was out the neighborhood began to understand that Lady Darnel was a really charming person, and that Sir Allan was altogether fortunate in his second Sir Allan's second wife received all such tardy attentions somewhat coldly, and did not by any means fling herself into the newly opened arms of the neighborhood, but Grace's marriage, which took place early in August, brought about festivities and visitings that necessarily- drew Lady Darnel into county society. She stinted no splendors or hospi talities that beseemed the marriage of her hus band's daughter and heiress with a man of wealth in the neighborhood ; and she bore her self at all these festivities with a quiet dignity which impressed even the doubters. ' Whatever she may have been in the past, she must always have been a lady,' said that * pleasant old Lady Scattercash, who had lived «very hour of her life in London and Paris before she took to wearing poke bonnets and holding mothers' meetings in Wiltshire ; 'and that is the main point after all. We don't ?want to pry into people's past lives, but we cannot receive ci-devant barmaids or ballet girls.' X,ady Darnel is eo completely happy in her lrasband's love and in the perfect confidence vow established between them that she can afford to be very indifferent to the opinions of the county. She has received cheering news from New Zealand, where Stuart Mackenzie has been behaving well and winning friends. The End. 