Amusements. Sir Joseph Banks Pavilion.— The Sunday after noon concerts at Mr. Frank Smith's Sir Joseph Banks Pavilion, Botany, have become quite an institution. The utmost good order is maintained without any exertion on the part of the directors. Apart from the merits of the concert is the attraction of a stroll through the grounds and along- the sea beach, with the pleasant drive to town in the cool of the evening. There were sixteen items on the pro gramme on Sunday, and all -were rendered to the satisfaction of the audience. Matinee Musicale. — Herr Kretschmann, assisted by Messrs. Caron and Patek, Mr. Knight Ashton, Mr. E. Massey, a lady amateur, and Master Frank Smith, gave a matinee musicals in the University Hall on Saturday afternoon. It was very numerously attended. The programme comprised some fine pieces of music by Eeinberger, Spohr, Chopin, and Haydn, and two songs one by Lacome and the other by J. Davy, the words by Andrew Cherry — a song well known as the ' Bay of Biscay.' Mr. Ashton gave a spirited but not very accurate rendering of the fine old English ditty, for which may the ghost of Davy forgive him, for we cannot. He was warmly encored, and seating himself at the piano, sang another song in response to the encore. It is almost unnecessary to say that the quartettes from Reinberger, per formed by Messrs. Caron, Patek, Kretschmann, and a lady amateur, were beautifully played. The main object of the matinee was to give Master Frank Smith, one of Herr Kretschmann' s pupils, an oppor tunity of appearing before the public as a violinist. He chose for performance a concerto for the violin by Spohr, and a Nocturne by Chopin, both of which he played fairly well, and in a style which won him much applause. He was recalled both times and bowed his thanks. Very few people can play Spohr's music so as to make it tell upon an audience, and consequently Master Smith set himself to accomplish a rather difficult task. He has greatly improved since we heard him last. His tone is firmer, bowing more graceful, and his crescendo and diminuendos more artistic. He promises to become a fine player ; but, of course, has yet much to learn. Jf he chooses to devote some years to study and practice there is nothing to prevent him from making the world ring with his fame. We heartily wish him success. The matinee was in every way successful, and formed a very enjoyable entertainment for the large audience who attended it. Academy of Music. — A French proverb says that we always return to oar first loves. It has appa rently seemed pood to Hiseoeks's Federal Minstrels to do so. In other words, they have fallen back on that style of entertainment which originally rendered them so popular in Sydney ; and which, for twelve months and more, brought such a regular and ample supply of grist to the managerial mill. The change took place on Monday night, and it will doubtless be a welcome one. At any rate it was evi dently entirely 'o to the audience which, despite the elements, not to mention the impending elections^ were attracted to the Academy on the occasion in question. When the curtain rose on the first part of the performance Mr. Sam Keenan was discovered in the familiar figure of Tambo, while on the oppo site side the bones rattled merrily in the hands of Mr. Horace Bent. Both corner men were in their best form, and between them the fun was kept going with unceasing force and spirit. Every joke told ; end, if some were not brand new ones, why, so much the more merit to the jokers. There was excellent concerted and solo singing. Mr. Porter vocally flung down 'The Gauntlet' with appropriate energy. A pretty ballad was sang by Mr. Beaumont Bead, with flute obligato bv Mr. A. La Fenilla.de, and another by Mr. Whitworth. Mr. G. C. D unbar gave a most dramatic rendering of 'M'Gregor's Gather ing ;' while, in his turn, Mr. Keenan woke the echos in ' Stop dat Knocking,' and Mr. Horace Bent sang the comic ditty of ' Lucinda Mops.' The first part wound up with ' The French Conductor.' Nest came a musical and terp siohorean sketch by Hesssr. Moynham and Keenan, to which succeeded Bent's droll ' Lecture on As tronomy.' Then there were songs by Mr. Carroll, tlie double-voiced vocalist, followed by a comic sketch; after which Mr. Dunbar sang 'The Vil lage Blacksmith' and 'The Mountebank.' The burlesque, entitled 'A Piucky Youth,' concluded a highly entertaining programme. 