THE NOVELIST. A STRANGE VOYAGE BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sea Queen," "The Lady Maud," "A Sailor's Sweetheart," "The Wreck of the Grosvenor," &c.; n.pXbl^M®,^POS8,bl9 noti,lB* CHAPTER XXXVII. I SEARCH THE SHIP. It was the feeling of helplessness I have just written about that determined me to search the ship myself, it was all very well for the men to say they had looked every- where; but if their hunt had had no more spirit than their language had shown concern for the captain's disappearance, then, to be sure another and a most careful exploration would be needful before I could satisfy myself that the worst had befallen the poor old man. The crew still hung about the wheel con- versing. I was not well enough acquainted with the construction of the vessel's interior to be able to undertake a search over her so as to content me; I therefore walked up to the men and said, "My lads, I should like to have another look for the captain. I don't doubt you made a close inspection; but the loss of the master of this ship must prove a very serious thing to all on board by de- priving us of a navigator; and before, there- fore we make up our minds that he is out of the vessel we might as well turn to and have another good overhaul of her; for there's no telling what place you may have overlooked, nor in what strange hole or nook, supposing him to have been mad as you believe, he may have hidden himself." "Misther Aubyn's quite right," exclaimed the Finn. "Did you go inter der hold? Did you look inter der shain-lockers? Huv you been inter der after-peak?" "What's the good of looking into such places as them?" said the steward contemptuously, pulling out a pipe and striking a match, the flame of which from the hollow of his hand threw its light upon the face of the Finn, who instantly reared himself with a backward movement from the wheel to get away from it. "De captain's det ash pork, dat vat I shay," exclaimed the German under-steward. "Any way," said I, "I mean to search the ship to make sure; and I should be glad if one of you would lend me a hand to do so." "I'll go along with you," said Nipper, after a few moments' pause all round. "Steward, where's the lantern you used?" "You'll find it in the pantry," answered the steward, who had seated himself on the grating, and was there smoking complacently and swinging his legs. "You're bound on a useless errand, Mr. Aubyn. You'll find nothing living below unless it's rats." A low hoarse laugh broke from the Finn at this. "Captain Moses Pipes has committed suicide by castin' his body overboard, as sartin as that there red hobject out yonder's the moon." "Shtill der's no harm lookin' for 'im," said Grondahl. I walked to the companion and Nipper followed me. As we went down the steps I told him we had best begin with the cabin and examine all the berths there, as though in fact ours was the first search; for the manner in which the steward had answered the Finn's question whether the hold, chain- lockers, and other places had been looked into satisfied me that the hunt the men had made must have been a very short narrow one, maybe because they all believed the captain was overboard. Nipper fetched and lighted the lantern, and we went along the rows of berths, taking them one by one, and moving very quietly and speaking in whispers, as I did not want Miss Agnes to catch scent of what had happened until the night was gone and daylight was in the air to take courage from and hope. It made one mournful enough to see all the belongings of those friends and companions of ours who had rowed away to the wreck scattered about the berths as though the owners were on deck and would come below shortly. In the Inglefield's cabin there was a handglass and a pair of ivory backed brushes, looking as if they had been put down in a hurry—I can't tell you why; but that was their suggestion to me, and in a flash up stood the stout figure of Mrs. Inglefield, and I saw her backing and filling before the glass as she figged herself out for the strange and miserable excursion to the hull. One found dresses too hanging up here, and the colonel's coats and trousers, and under the bunks and in corners of the berth there were portmanteaus, bonnet- boxes, trunks, and so forth. It was the same with Edwards's and Hornby's berths, and the compartments in which the mates had slept; they were all as they had been left, and there was something so natural and lifelike about these interiors, their aspect--with a coat thrown into a bunk, a pair of shoes on the deck, an open book, the unmade bed of one of the mates with the indent of his form fresh upon it—I say their aspect so persuaded one that their occupants had only just quitted them, that I positively found it harder to realize the loss of Mr. Edwards and the others, stale as that loss now was, than that Captain Pipes had disappeared. He was assuredly in none of these berths, nor in his own; yet the search here caused me to take notice of one fact—that there were very many valuable things amongst the luggage belonging to the missing party. As an instance, I saw in Edwards's berth, with its lid raised—whether so left, or whether since done, I could not say--a very costly and beautiful dressing-case, that literally shone in the lantern light with its gold mountings; all that he had for his toilet use was equally valuable in its way; and when I observed that Hornby appeared to be pretty nearly as well off in such foppish elegancies, and when I considered the jewellery the ladies had no doubt brought with them, and the value of the contents of the boxes and portmanteaus, taking them all round, in- cluding my own baggage, for I was not wholly destitute either--why, faith, the sense of the character of the fellows who formed the crew of the ship came upon me with a harder blow than the thought had yet administered, and a mighty misgiving seized me that Miss Agnes and I had only been preserved from going on board the wreck with our friends in order that we might encounter experiences of another, and as it might turn out a worse, kind yet than that hull had been the theatre of. However, I took care to preserve a composed face and to talk very quietly to Nipper, whom I was by no means unwilling to think well of, though one could never guess how the influence of the others might work in him. "We may as well make an effectual search of the ship," said I. "I may take it that the men didn't hunt very far." "Why, no," he replied; "the two stewards overhauled these here berths and the rest looked about the decks. Since he's not in the cabin, I don't think you'll find him any- where else; but I'm quite willing to help you to search; for, as you say, if the captain's gone it'll be a bad job, as we don't want no----" he checked himself with a hurried glance round, and holding up the lantern, said in a different voice, "Where shall we look next, sir!" "We may as well try the lazarette," I answered. The hatch leading into this part of the hold was under the after table. It was closed, and it was impossible to suppose that if Pipes had descended through it he could have closed it after him. But then I was resolved to examine every part of the ship. I had made up my mind to consider the old fellow as mad and extremely cunning, and until I was certain he was not in the vessel, I deter- mined to act upon this theory of him and to omit no hole or corner. Nipper dropped below first, and I followed and found myself in a compartment well stocked with provi- sions for the ship's use, casks, coils of rope, and so forth. It was extremely hot down here, and after crawling and peering about for a few minutes my underclothes were soaked through with perspiration. The lantern light flung many a fantastic shadow «n tho -I,:- ..I ru myself starting at what exactly resembled the outline of a human form skimming along the sides or overhead; whilst I'd see Nipper's eyes gleaming like embers in the shine upon his face, and he'd come to a sudden stand with a fearful stare abreast of him, or into a dead black corner over my shoulder. The belief that the skipper was drowned caused the search for him in the ship's dark inside to put a fancy of ghosts into Nipper's head; I am pretty sure of that; his eye was bright with superstition; and he never shoved his nose round a coil or warp, or peered over between a couple of casks, without suggesting by his manner that if a phantom suddenly uprose, he was always standing by to sing out and run away, though the apparition would be nothing more than he expected. The skipper was not in the lazarette, and we were pleased enough to scramble out of the place, I to escape the intolerable heat, and Nipper because there remained so much less of the ship to explore. There was a door in the cabin bulkhead that led to the half- deck, and from this place the 'tween-decks lay right away open, a long clear sweep of empty space, to as far as the forecastle bulk- head. The light breeze held everything steady on deck; the ship floated without a creak or a strain upon the smooth water; and the silence along the cavernous interior, with the shadows drawing away from the pale glare of the lantern into an ebony dark- ness that prevented one from imagining to what distance this hollow space penetrated, could not have been profounder had the ship been resting, a green and glimmering phantom, upon her keel five thousand fathoms deep. We walked along, nothing stirring but our shadows in the swing of the lantern- light and dusky flittings upon the skin or walls of the ship, past the mainmast, and chain-lockers and pumpcasing, till we were stopped by the forecastle bulkhead; then we returned and went down into the hold by a stanchion with bits of steps nailed to it, and here we found ourselves atop of the ballast that was piled up in a great mound, the summit of which came close to the deck. It consisted of river shingle and big lumps of stone, and looked by the light we bore a mountainous mass of stuff. "There's no sign of him hereabouts," said Nipper, holding the lantern high and peering round. "We'll go right aft first," I answered after a long survey of as much of the surface of the ballast as I could see; and down we trudged, gritting and crunching to the after-hold, that was full of old lumber, warps, dunnage, and the like. We were deep in the water here, with the kelson close under our feet and the sternpost, with the rudder hanging just be- yond, against our ears, so to speak; yet the stillness was unbroken; it was wonderful; it made me contrast it in fancy with the roaring, boiling, crashing sounds one would hear in this place in a gale of wind, the shock and wrench of the surge-beaten rudder, the creaking, grinding, and straining of massive timbers, above all the wildness and fierceness of the movements of this extreme end of the hull now flung up to the brow of a towering sea, and now let fall into a hollow that lifted the white water swelling to the main brace bumpkins. "Hush!" cried Nipper, standing stock still, and squinting past the lantern with rounded eyes at a huge warp. "What do you hear?" I exclaimed, instantly excited. "Hell alive! what's a-coming!" he yelled, making a spring backwards that would have stretched him flat but for his plumping with his stern against the mizzenmast. As he shrieked out jumped from I can't tell you where five or six enormous rats; they skurried past me, one slinging clean between my legs, bolted up the ballast, and in a breath were lost in the darkness. The light may have magnified them, or maybe it was my own alarm; but I protest as they fled by they looked more like young cats than rats. I have a greater horror of these animals than of anything else that moves on four feet; and for fear that there might be more of them knocking about, I called to Nipper to bear a hand and bring the lantern along, and made all the haste I could to overhaul this after- hold for any signs of Captain Pipes. "He's not in the ship, sir; you may be sure of that; he was made daft by the loss of his passengers and men, and has chucked him- self overboard," exclaimed Nipper, whose nerves had received a shock, and who was anxious to cut this hunt short. "I fear that it is as you say," I replied. "But since we're below we may as well look forward; it won't take us long to do so; and if he's not there then we can have no further doubt as to what's become of him." Making no answer to this, he led the way forward, and I went stumbling over the ballast close behind him so as to get all the benefit I could out of the lantern he held. We went down the pebbley and stony slope into the fore peak, which we found half full of coal, along with a heap of odds and ends, which there is no need to particularise. I stood looking and looking, but the place was as vacant of Captain Pipes as the other parts of the vessel were, and with a sudden sinking of the heart, accompanied by a feeling of consternation, I climbed the stanchion lead- ing to the fore hatch and gained the 'tween decks. I cannot say that I had begun this search with the belief that Pipes had hidden him- self: yet I had undertaken it not without a kind of hope; therefore I was sensible of great disappointment now that we had ex- plored every part of the vessel, including the chain lockers; for I should have said that we peeped into them before we went into the aft hold; and this emotion revived in me with threefold power that depressing feeling of helplessness which had seized me when I had moved away from the men and stood alone looking upon the dark sea. We entered the cabin to get on deck, as all the hatches were covered, and Nipper extinguished the lantern and replaced it in the steward's pantry. When I reached the deck, I found the men where I had left them, gathered about the wheel, that was still grasped by Grondhal; they looked as though they were waiting for me to arrive and tell them the result of my search. The moon had vanished, but the dusk was finer and clearer than it had been when she was sinking; one could see outlines plainer; there was even a kind of sharpness in the edges of the sails spreading out square and dim into the darkness, and I could faintly make out the faces of the men. Many of the stars shone with the brilliance and ardency of fire, and the breeze still blew mild and steady, gushing softly out of the gloom astern into the canvas, and giving the ship way enough for her to thread the broken starlight in the water beyond her counter with a vein of green sparkles. "Well, sir, no luck, I allow?" exclaimed the steward, rising as I approached from the grating and coming close to hear me. "No," said I; "Captain Pipes is not in the ship." The Finn gave a grunt that might have signified anything; and the under- steward cried, "Det ash pork; dat's vot I say." "Where did you look, Charley?" enquired Eye addressing Nipper. "Look?" exclaimed Nipper; "why, where- ever a chap could shove his nose." "I suppose you're satisfied now, sir," said the cook to me in his usual sulky voice. "You're willin' to believe your own eyes, anyhow." I took no notice of this, and addressing them generally, said, "Well, the captain's gone; there's no doubt about that; and here we are without a head, without a navigator. Is there any man among you that can use a sextant?" There was no reply, though I saw Nipper shake his head. "I'm no sailor, as you know," I continued, "and have no knowledge of navigation. I understand dead reckoning, and might make shift to shove the ship along for a port by means of the log----" "But what port are we a-goin' to be bound to?" interrupted the cook. "I've had enough of able seaman's work. I signed for the galley, and as this here ship's turned out the most sickening job as ever a man had any- thing to do with, I'm for cutting the bloomin' woyage short, leaving nowt but the tail and chuckin' the head and shoulders overboard." "We couldn't do better," said I. "It vas me ash recommended der shkipper to shteer for Pernambuco—you remember, Mishter Aubyn?" exclaimed the Finn from the gloom into which he towered at the wheel. "Dat vas because ve vos very short- handed. Vell, he tretten me vid his revolver," here he gave a glim unpleasant chuckle, "und say he vould carry der ship to England. Dot vould not be treating us ash men, by Gott. But he has trowned himshef und ve are our own mashters und can stheer der ship to hell if so be ash dat course please us." Eye and the understeward and the cook laughed loudly. Well I remember that harsh mirth and the uncanny echo of it as it floated forward on the breeze and came down out of the hollowed sails. "That port may suit you, Grondhal," said Nipper; "but I'm for steering for some place where life ain't all pusperation, and where, when you're tired of dancing, there's no pitch- forks to compel ye to go on cuttin' capers." "For God a sake, men, let's discuss this matter seriously," I exclaimed, afraid that if they got joking about it they would fall into a reckless and audacious vein and settle upon some scheme of a desperate nature; for I well knew what sailors are, and how "chaff" amongst them will lead to horseplay, and horseplay to defiant resolutions, which carry them heaven knows where when they are free, as these fellows were, to follow their own inclinations. "If you'll tell me to what port you're all agreed we ought to carry the vessel, I'll go below and consult the chart and see if I can make out a course to the place." "What's the nearest port—that's the ques- tion?" grumbled the cook. "Vy, Pernambuco. Sphlit my vind, Joseph, you ought to know dat, man," exclaimed Grondhal. "Then let's steer for Pernambuco; that's what I say!" cried the cook. "I'm sick of the woyage. I'm sick of the ship. I'm sick of the sea; and I'm for getting ashore as fast as hever we can get the wind to blow this cusssed old hooker along." "I'm for Pernambuco, too," said Nipper. "There's no call to go on mucking about strivin' to sail the ship to England, when we can make a quick and heasy job of it by headin' her to the westward." "What about the salwage?" exclaimed Eye. "Salvage!" answered the steward; "there's no salvage here, mate. You'll only be sailing of the ship you belong to, doin' of your duty by her; there'd be no savin' of her. Think of Eye talkin' of salvage!" and he burst into a laugh. "Den are ve all agreed to shail to Pernam- buco?" demanded Grondhal. There was a general affirmative murmur. "Den praps Mishter Aubyn vill not mind going below," continued the Finn, speaking very civilly, "und look at der chart, und find out der course." "I'll do the best I can in that way," I re- plied; "and whilst I'm below will you settle among yourselves how the work of the ship is to be carried on? So far as I am con- cerned, I am completely at your service for anv duties I am capable of performing. I will keep watch, pull and haul, go aloft, and do what I can." "Yes, we'll talk that business over whilst you're below, sir," said Nipper. I walked to the companion hatch. In the act of descending I heard Eye exclaim, "It's tirin' work discussin' politics in a man's watch below. I wonder what sort o' flavey the cabin brandy's got?" I paused to hear what followed. The cook said, "What d'ye need to schreech out your notions for, you blazin' fool? d'ye want 'em to hear you in the City o' London ? what's left of the cabin lush is to be quietly habstracted I guess, and let them as is out of the ship get the benefit of having drunk it. Eh, steward?" There was a short laugh, and then Grondhal said something about Pernambuco; on which I descended into the cabin. 