IFtoveUst DAN LYONS' DOOM. By WAIF WANDER. ? ». CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) ? 'Does any ono but you know of this place?' ho aeked, suspiciously, ns sho held up tho lamp for him to seo around him. . ' Only Ellen.' ' What ia it for? What do you havo Buoh a hiding-place for ?' 'Don't you soo?' she aalced, 'wo dis covered it by accident, and I have sometimes used it to bring fools into blindfold to frighten thorn with visions — have you forgot that I am a fortuneteller, -and the witch of Mount 'Roban, Dan Lyons ?' ? 'I have forgotten nothing,' ho said sharply, 'b'ut there is light here, or those ferns would not grow— mind, woman, how you dp.ro to deceive me.' 'I' am not deceiving you,' and sho drew back iv screen of old bags as she said so, ' there is tho pan I burn my herba and sulphur in, and tho Bkull that frightens gold out of fools' 'pockets', and aa f or light you will ate it up there among the slopes of the roof whon the sun is not so low. And now I will show you that I mean nothing unfair — follow me still.' Sho hobbled up a steep incline that was in ? a corner of tho cave, and then turning a cor ner suddenly there was a dense screen of living verdure before Dan Lyona. 'If you doubt me at any ? time, Dan,' she said, 'you have only to part them branches, and you are freo on tho side o£ Mount Roban. And now I mUBt get back for fear some one should get into the hut and look for mo. I will bring you a bed and food and drink, and .no policeman can over set an eyo on you here.' ' Stay,.Nan 1 If I want you, how am I to . oall you ?' ' Knock at the trap-door ; I shall hoar you, if not the first time, surely at the second.' Sho put the lamp on a ledge of rook, and left the 'murderer there alone, with tho sand under his feet and tho ferns by his aide, and he lay down to sleep again aa criminals so often sleep, with the shadow of their terrible ' doom surrounding thorn closely. CHAPTER XVII. THE ilUIVDEimn's DMAM. It had been a day of great excitement at Marranga, and over tho township tho round rmoon shone on a generally-shared and great '??-' disappointment — Dan Lyons had not been ..?' ? arrested. Every man who had turned out to '. Bearoh for the lost ohild had tried to hunt up the murderer, but tho sun had set and tho moon risen vainly so far aa the arrest of that fated man. .. At the cottage, out in the garden, some \- vwhore standing, and seated on tho edge of the . erandah, wero several of the parties you have become interested in, I hope, during the relation of this story. Mr. Pollard was there, and Leonard Prbsser with him. Little Daniel was Btanding leaning against tho wall of tho house at a little distance, and in a spot from whioh ho could watch his mother's move ments to and fro between kitchen and sick chamber. Tady was talking to tho boy and ' looking in Daniel'3 face with a sad pity, and ?' tho boy had confided to tho honest Irishman more of his thoughts and feelings on the lato ovonts than he would have told to oven hia mother. To hia mother, do I aay ? Dan would not havo trusted her with ono idea now ; he had loBt all confidence in her, and lost it for ever. It ia a sad state of affairs between a mother and child when the latter gets old enough to reason and suspect the actions of tho author of hie being, but it had oomo to that with Ellen Griffiths and her aon Daniel. The boy waa getting on for thirteen years old, and he had not reached that- ago without having hoard many sneers striking at Ellen, passing his disreputable old grandmother's lips. Now that ho know his mother had actually visited that vile murderer and secured his escape, Daniel began to recall these- sneers and hints, and to shrink within himself at what thoir meaning may have been. Dan did not toll Tady Connor anything of his suspicions against his mother, but he said enough to make the Irishman eo sorry for the lad as to be anxious to sever him entirely from Marranga. Evunv now and then as they were speaking the boy would look toward tho door of the voora where his dead oompanion lay. Oon -toblo Loader stood there Bilent and grim . jolting, for his disappointment was lecon, and he had yet to impart his want of success to Charlie Ellis, who ho knew would not give ,him_good words for it. It wasn't his fault, certainly — he had done all a man could do ; but in all probability the impossible would bo oxpeoted from him. Loader had said a word or two of this to littlo Daniel, and tho boy was determined that if ho oould trace Dan Lyons through hia mother, he would tall Loader first o£ it, for Loader had bsen kind to him, and it seemed just to him, who had the trouble of search all day, that he should be in the success, if suo cess there was, and Dan waa thinking of this oven while Tady was telling him how ho and Mr. Leonard were going away as soon aa'tho claim was worked out, and what a lovely land IrelUnd was. ' Dan,' said a womau'a voice near the boy, and he startod as he turned'quickly to her, for ho knew it was his mother. ' Oomo here, I want to speak to you, my son.' Ellen Griffith was sta nding in the shadow of the verandah as she spoke, and she had a dark shawl folded around her. . ' Dan,' aho said, ' if any ono askB you for mo, toll them I've gone up to do a message for Miss Fanny.' ' To tho farm, mother ? Why it's miles away.' ' I'm only going up to grandmother's, Dan, only I don't want any ono to know I'm on Mount Raban. I don't think any ono will missmo; butif thoy do, sayrmgonoonamoa- sago. I won't bo long, and Nurse Brown ia with Mrs. St. Herrick.' Sho waa gone, and tho boy stood whoro aho had loft him. Gone to grandmother's I and thon it flashed across tho boy's memory like a gleam of lightning, that thoro woro hiding places on Mount Rohan I Old Nan did not know that hor cave was no myslory to littlo Daniel j but I should liko to know what place to climb, or what rook or tree or cavo could ever romain a mystery long to Australian Bush boyhood. Ono dc.y, two years ago, Daniel had tracked a wombat into that cavo, and explored tho cor ners where tho bonea and the Bkull and rub bish wero, and ho had onco frightenod the hag herself hall out of her scnaoa with a doep groan, just as alio was protending to call up tho devil with her pretended sorcery. Dan LyonB was hidden on Mount Roban I That was the idea that flashed upon him bo vividly. Ho stood atill for a minute to think, and then ho went to tho aide of tho glum looking constable, and whispored to him — ' Mr. Loader, don't tell any one just now ; but I think I know whoro Dan LyonB is.' ' What I ' almost yelled tho constable in his surprise. ' Hush I I'm not suro you know, but I want you to como and aeo. Can you without telling any ono?' ' What maltC3 you think this, Daniel ? You must tell mo more than that ; I can't bo going off on another wild gooeo chase just when wo are expecting Ellis baok.' ' I am sorry you oan't no, for I'm sure bo's there 1 ' tho boy said decidedly, ' I can't tell you how I know, but I do know, and I will ask Tady Connor to go with me.' ' Stop a minute, Dan,' tho policeman re turned, aa ho laid hia hand on tho boy's arm, ' lot mo ask you a question or two. If the villain is where you think could one man arrest him ? ' ' Dan Lyons is only ono man and we, you and I, would be two,' the boy contemptuously replied. ' I am only twelve ypars old, but if I met Dan Lyons alono I am auro that God would help mo to kill him.' ' Mo boy,' Tady said softly, ' do you think tho littlo girl that's lyin' oowld inside would like to hear you saying that you would mako a murderer of yerself.' 'No, she wouldn't, and I didn't mean that, but I'd die myself to see Dan Lyons punished for killing her.' 'I will go with you, in tho name of God, wberover you go, Daniel, and if these fingers of mine can help to twist a knot round the villain's throat they'll bo strong, I know.' It was Loader who spoke, and Tady Connor looked wonderingly at him. 'Where doea the boy want you to go?' Tady asked. ' To take Lyona ; he thinka he knows where be is. Oomo on then, my boy, we will havo a look at thia davo of your's.' ' Daniel I ' cried Tady, in a hoarse, low voice, ' don't go ! don't go, as drag ging a man to the gallows is no work for a tender-hearted boy like you.' ' I'm not tender-hearted. I hate Dan Lyona. Didn't she 1 ' and he pointed toward the room where Resignation lay so atill, ' Bho used to call me her friend, and I would go up Mount Roban the darkest winter night that over fell to see tho handcuffs on her mur derer's wriata. If you do not como I will go myself.' ' There is a fato in it,' murmered tho Irish man. 'Wo can't let the child go himself; let us both go with him at all evonta.' It might have been nearly eleven o'olock when little Daniel, leading his companions by a circuitous way, so as to avoid any chance of meeting his mother, climbed up the wooded sides of Mount Roban. The moon was on their backs as they climbed, and when they crossed a patch of grass on whioh no trees grew, their shadows fell short and strangely distorted on the hill before them. ' Do you seo that rook a little to the left 1 ' tho boy asked, as they paused on one of these grassy spots, over whioh hung tho great branches of a yellow box, ' the cave is just behind it, and if you look among the treea farther on you will seo tho light in granny's window. Now you can wait hero until I oome back and tell you if he ia there.' ' If ho sees you, my poor boy, there mightn't bo time for you to cry out,' Tady said anxiously. 'Let ua all go together.' ' No, we would mako too much noise. There is no fear for mo, I wont lot him see me until you are there.' ' The boy is right, let him go,' was Loader's deoision. 'These young native born chaps are like native cats in the buBh — there ia no fear of him coming to harm.' Daniel jknow every rod of tho way he had yet to go, most of his young lite having been spent about Nan Grifllth's hut. He had treed 'poaaums on hundreda of old troea up Mount Roban, know tho warm haunts of the snakes by the sunny rooka, and had friends with many a protty lizard as it crSwled from warm, moasy nooks on the fallen logs. And not always alone — evon as hia heart beat wildly with his eager exeitemont and hope of being the one to bring Dan Lyons to hia doom, the boy's oyes filled as he remembered Resignation aa his dear lost companion in many an expedition in search of wild flowera on tho skirts of old Mount Rohan'. Light of foot, tho boy quiokly reaohed a rook, from whioh he had but to stop and crawl through the bushes that screened the opening from the cave whioh Nan Griffiths had pointed out to the hunted man. Ho paused there, and drew baok, for he heard some sounds that were not of the leaves or tho breeze, o£ the sleeping birdB, or tho gentle 'poasum. There was a sharp rustle of branohes that were parted by two fierce hands; and tho boy was face to face with Dan Lyons, only a thin screen of leaves between them. In the pale moonlight the man's awful face gleamed with an unearthly whiteness, yet the shadows under the overhanging oye browa aeomed dark aa an even atarless mid night. Tho thin lips wero closed tightly, and there waa something so terrible in the eyes that looked out and down the mountain to tha' valley beneath that littlo Daniel shud dered and shrank from it. Dan Lyons had no hat on. The marks of the tonsure were still visible on his head, but long thin looks straggled on his temples, and woro blown aoros^ his sunken oheuk by the damp night breeze. Ho looked up to the stars and the moon, down to the township, across to tbe cemetery, and to Murdor Gully, and ho mut tered a ourse as his eyes rested on the last. 'Ho has kept his word so far, damn him 1 ' he groaned out between his olonahed teeth, ' and now it is not the brat's faae I seo but his I ' With theso words he let tho branohes ruBtle into their places and disappeared, leaving tho boy to orawl back as he had como to tell his companions of his suoceBS. ' I could almost havo touohed him,' ho said, with such triumph, ' but it will be for safer to get him in the oavo, and I oan show tho way I ' ' Toll us something about the inaide of that cave,' the cautious polioeman Baid, and Daniel did hia beat to describe the inolined path inside, and the sudden turn behind the screen of bushes. . 'What are our plans?' Loader asked, turning to Tady Connor. ' Can I count on you, Connor? ' ' You oan bo,' tho littlo Irishman replied, ' but don't let tho lad in it at all.' ' I'll bo in it, in spito of you,' was DanioTs firm declaration ; ' you can't go without me, and I'll hold tho wrotoh whilo Mr. Loader puts tho irons on hia wrists.' ' There's a fato in it 1 ' Tady groanod, re peating himself, ' so go on, and I will bo at your heolB.' Whon thomurdcror re-entered tho oavo, after looking through the ecrcon of buBhos down on tho fair sweet world beneath him, ho dosed himself with poison again, and flung hia gaunt form upon the rough bed Nan had sup plied him with. Tho bod, buoIi bb it was, lay on tho floor of tho cavo — if tho wrotched man atrotched out a hand on cither aido of him it lay upon the cool Band ; with cither he could have gathered tho pale groon ferns that flung thoir dolicato fronda almost to his pale faco. But he did not feel the sand, or pluok tho ferns — ho slopt nnd droamed. Tho murderer's last dream I Oh, merciful heavens, that such a thing can bo I That a being on whoso soul lios tho curse of him that aheddetb blood should dream of happy faces, and the innocent laughter of children I That ho should feel tho breath of the sweet sea on his fnco, and tho touch of loving lips on his cheek I That he should teel caressing wo mnn'a arms around him, and tho perfume of tho roaes on her bosom in hia nostrils, and awnko— oh 1 pity of it— awake, to feel tho felon's irons on hia wrists I Dan Lyons dreamed that ho waa a boy again on tho green mountains of his Irian home. Ho heard the whiaper of tho watera of tho river near which he was born, and the ruatlo of the aedges upon ita banks. It seomed to him that ho heard Mb mothor call him by the name ' Dan I ' and that somehow or other the notes of a lark away up in the bluo aky woro mingled with and drowned hia mother's voice; ? Anon ho was in a great ship on a wide sea, and he saw the white crests of the blue waves breaking and rolling down tho waters like sheets of white fire under the silvery moon. Thoro was music and dancing and kind words ; there were girls' bright oyes and girla' aweet smiles. It seemed to the miserable man that he was sailing on a never-endiug sea of happiness, and that there was no such thing aa- sorrow in the wide world around him. And thon he tossed his arms in his sleep and grated hia set teeth, aa he mumbled awful, broken words. Groat gnarled treea aeomed to be stretching their crooked limbs all round him, leaving no hope for his esoapo. Trees without a single leaf on them, and so pallid and dead that thoy seemed liko ser pents, slowly and hopuleesly entwining him. Ho Btruck at them with hia hands and cursed them with his lips, and he awoke shrieking out to find faces bending over him that were not the faces of his dream, and when he struggled to rise he found he could no longer touch tho sand, for there waa steel on his wrists 1 Evon thon tho poor boy Daniel flung him self on tho man, and held or tried to hold down his struggling limbs. ' Tio him I tie him down or ho will get away I Tio him I tie him I ' Daniel's face was ucarlet with a groat passion ; the fury of an aivf ul excitement burned in bia eyes, and as Tady dragged him from tho helpless man he Bhrieked all tho louder, ' Tie him down I tio tho murderer down I ' Tio the murderer downl That awful cry was heard by two women up above in Nan Griffiths' hut. One of tho women was Daniel's mother, and as she recognised her son's voice, and knew that Dan Lyons was taken, sho fell forward on her faco at hor mother's feet. ' It was as neat a job as ever I eaw done 1 ' Constable Loader exclaimed ; ' and now Dan Lyona will yon go, quietly with ub, or must we drag you down the hill liko a bundle of firewood ? ' ' Let me empty that bottle,' was the hoarse reply, ' and then you can take me to hell if you like.' CHAPTER XVIII. THERE ARE TWELVE OF 08. The night waved Blowly on, and Mr. Pol lard, Leonard and Dr. Syme hovered yet around the front of the cottage waiting for the long delayed arrival oi Charlie Ellis. They had missed both Loader and Tady Connor, and did not know what to mako of it, and the doctor had just been in to 'see the sick woman, and waB telling, the friends about her state. 'She lies in a most peculiar state,' he ex plained, ' and as I cannot honestly Bay I understand tho oaae, I have aent to Bowden's for Dr. Crowther. Half the time she Bleeps and thon only she seema oonsoious, dreaming doubtlese of what she talks of, sometimes loudly and sometimes in a painful mutter. Her husband's death, her daughter's name with terms of endearment, instructions to Ellen Griffith about household affairs, all proceed from her lips when asleep, but through all and above all ia tho name of Dan Lyona and her unforgiving hate of him.' '? And when she is awake ? ' Mr. Pollard asked. ' When she is awake she lies as one dead, save that her eyes wander round as in a rest less search for something, she knows not what poor thing.' 'Here is Ellis on foot,' said Leonard,' and he is coming quiokly. Bless my heart, how tired and upset you look, Charlie.' ' I am both,' the young trooper replied ; ''but I have no time to tell you much until I see Loader; where is he ?' 11 Wo don't know, he has been gone from thiB a couple of hours or more, and Tady Connor, it would seem, with him.' 'No olue yet of the man 1' ' Dan Lyons ? No ; Loader and several of our fellows have been in overy possible direc tion all day— the man has disappeared as suddenly as if he had gone down in the earth.' ' The Bhaf ts 1 Have they been searohed ?' ' Over and over again. St. Horriok'B was deserted when Loader went straight to it after coming baok from Bendarraok. No, Dan Lyons is not oapturod yet.' ' Thank God 1 ' ejaoulated tho young trooper, as ho took off his hat to wipe the dust and perspiration from his faco. ' That the murderer is not taken ! Wo are all surprised to hear you say that,' Mr. Pol lard said, ' and you must have strong reasons indeed, for I know that ono great object with you, since you were stationed at Marranga, was to find some trace of poor Colonel St. Herriok's murderer, and bring him to justice' ' At this time yesterday, no greater prize in my profession, if I may oall it so, oould have been oftered mo than tha oapture of Dan Lyons — now I pray to God that ho may not fall into my hands 1' ' Good Heavens, ElliB, explain yourself 1' ' I will. I was returning to-day from Yaw benack, where I had been to seo Father O'Far rol about Conn. Brady's statement, and had almost reaohod Marrauga, when I was spver taken by the priest himself, who had ridden after mo in consequence of some information he had gained that was of the' greatest conse quence to me. I need not tell you word for word what he said, the whole of the matter being comprised in the faot that Ika Lyman'a American party have sworn to lynch Dan Lyons, even if they had to drag him out ol Marranga lock-up to do it I' * Pausing a moment to permit of a host ol smothered exclamations from his listeners, Charlie wont on again. ' You know suoh a thing would bo ruin to mo, and it would leave leas blame on my shoulders if Ike Lyman had to taka Dnn LyonB himself before ho falls into our hands at all, for tako him ho will, living or dead. Ike was never known to go baok on his word for good or oyil. I did all I oould. I turned back and rode to Bowden's for the man who is stationed there.' 'And brought him with you?' 'Yes, ho is at my station now; but what would our three bo against Ike Lyman and his American's?' ' You know that many of us would stand by you Charlie,' Leonard said, as ho laid his hand affeotionatoly on the young trooper's shoulder. ' You would be willing to do bo I know my dear fellow, but all of us would bo as feathers in tho way of these twelve determined men. I saw thom onco on the war path, and I don't want to boo them again, though they only burned down a shanty at Ryder's— a shanty that doservod it too, for it had become the haunt of all aorta of immorality and rowdy iam.' ' Thia looka very liko our lost party com ing down tho road,' obsorved Mr Pollard, ' and they'ro running— something is wrong Charlie.' There was no time to Bay more ere Loader, Tady, and littlo Daniel were upon them. Tho constable was pale with excitement, and so tired with his oxortions that ho oould hardly gain treath to speak to Charlie. It waa the boy who cried in triumph. ' Dan Lyons is arrowed.' ' Speak it out Loador,' Charlio Ellis urged, ?' though I guess what it ib.' ' Wo took Dan LyonB up on Mount Roban, and I had no sooner lodged him in tho look up, that Ike Lyraan's vigilance party sur rounded tho station.' '? Didn't I tell you ? ' Ellis asked of Leonard with the calmness of despair. ' Go on Loader.' ' Smith from Bowden'a was there — he told mo why you had gone for him, and Ike Lyman sent me for you, Ellis. Ho wants to talk to you for a minute ho says.' ' They have taken possession o[ the station ? ' questioned Mr Pollard. ' Yes, and are armed up to the tooth. A finer looking body of chaps you never set eyes on, and they'll lynch Dan Lyons as auro as I see that moon.' ' Wo must do our best to save him ' young Ellis said, ' who is with mo in this ? ' ' All of us, of course. I am a magistrate — I have a right to reason with these men against wrongdoing.' ' Do you call lynching Dan Lyons wrong doing I ' cried young Daniel. 'A murderer, a murderer like him I ' 'Daniel, my boy, don't let your young voice bo heard in such a serioua matter as this,' Mr Pollard said to the lad. ' It is time for you to be in bed.' '?if I had been in bed Dan Lyons would not have been in the lock-up,' tho boy sulkily returned. ' It waa me that showed Loader where ho was hiding, and I hoped to take him ! ' Daniel answered with pride. ' 'Is that a fact?' Constable Loader was asked. ' An undoubted one, sir — we should never havo droamed of searching for the man where tho boy guided us.' Mr. Pollard looked sadly at the puzzled lad, but the importance and. neoessity of im mediate action about Ike Lyman's bold step put poor Daniel's affair in the back-ground — only Tady murmured for the third time that day. 'There's a fateSn- it. God help tho boy, there's a fato in it.' ' I, at least, have no ohoioe,' Charlie said, aa ha turned toward the polico station. ' It is my duty to try and save this villain from any punishment that is not meted out to him by the law of whioh I am a sworn servant, and I will do it if it is at the risk of my life.' ' They will surely not procoed to extremi ties in the faoa of a Justice o! the Peace,' Mr. Pollard said. ' Go on, Ellis, we are with you.' They went on in silence, a band of six men, with the boy oreeping after them, unnoticed for the moment save by Tady, who dropped baok to Daniel's side and vainly whiapered an advice to return. ' They oan't prevent me,' Daniel said dog gedly, ' and I'll Bee Dan Lyons hung in spite of them. Mr. Pollard thinks it dreadful that a boy like me should be glad to see a man die. Does he forget that Dan Lyon killed Resignation's father and then Resignation her self ? I should like to Bee him torn in pieceB by wild horses.' ' My poor boy, my poor boy,' the sympa thetic Irishman whispered, and with his arm over Daniel's shoulder Tady followed the little band before them. When they reaohed-the station the moon, now high on the left hand of the road, ahone down on a peouliar sceno, considering the time of night and the place. Twelve horses wero tied to the fence and either Bide of tho police gate, six at one side and six at another. Lithe men, tall and dark looking, and with a thin orape stretched aoross'their faces, stood grimly awaiting the arrival of the policemen, while distinctly thrown out in dark relief against the white walls of the lock-up were four other men on guard, and dressed aa were the others, simply in 4f»rk belted panta, grey ' shirts, and dark felt hats. Aa Charlie Ellis advanced in front of this party his quick eyes glanced from Ike Ly man's uncovered faco to the revolvers in every belt around him, ' You have done a very neat job, Ike Ly man,' Charlie said, ' taken possession of the police camp and a prisoner of the Ocown, to say nothing of turning a policeman out of the camp in the middle of the night.' ' We have not turned the poor fellow out,' Ike replied with a grim binilo, ' wo only aent for you, for, on the contrary, we aro very anxious to have all the constables iu the sta tion to- night,' ' Where is Smith, from Bowdon's ? ' Charlio asked. ' The policeman you wont for, Ellis ? Oh; he is on guard over the prisoner in tho lock up.' A low laugh rippled from one man toj.the other of the grim bund, ' My friends, this is no laughing matter,' reproved Mr. Pollard, as ho stepped toward Ike Lyman : ' you are committing a grave breach of the law. My name is Pollard ; I am a magistrate, and I would urge you to go home peacefully, and leavo this unhappy man to be dealt with by tho British laws he has defied and outraged.' 'You know our objoot here, thon, Mr. Pollard?' ' I have hoard, with horror, that you havo threatened to what is called ' lynon' the wretohed being who has been arrested for murder, and is now in that look-up,' Mr. Pollard replied. ' 11 You havo heard the truth; such is our intention. Now, air, will you toll mo if you believe this Dan Lyons to bo an innocent man?' ' God help him, no I There oan be no doubt of his guilt. He has not denied it to Loader here.' ' No ; he has boasted of it. He buried Colonel St. Herriok alive twelve years ago out of revenge for a just act o£ the Colonels, years previous to that. Now he has oome back again in the guise ot a priest, and has killed Colonel St. Horrick's innocent ohild in tho moat cold-blooded, cruel manner. Don't you think Dan Lyons deserves death ? ' Yes, but'not by your hands.' ' You think he deserves it at the hands of the law? Well, sir, I am glad you agree with us; we. are going to pat lynch law in . \ force on Marranga, and Judge Lynch has sentenced Dan Lyons to dio within the hour.' ' Try to realize that it will bo Lyman Law if you do this dcod,' cried Mr. Pollard. ' You are the lender of this lawless party, Ike Lyman, and the blood of thia man will be at your door.' ' If it did I should know it to bo a mark on tho right niric of tho Big Ledger for me ; but you are mistaken, mr, wo aro ono and all in thin. I am only Iko Lyman of the Amerioan Vigilance Committee, and thore aro twelve of uh, all told. Is thia truo, mates?' ' Tiikhk are twelve of vs I' was the reply from every throat, echoed by^.tho men on guard at tho lock-up ; and it was echoed also by the desperate being inside, who heard every word that was apoken, and know that his doom waa sealed. ' You hoar,' questioned Iko 'again, ' there are twelve of us, good men and true, who are willing to sharo all the sin of taking a villain's life, believing it to bo a praiseworthy and just deed.' ' But thero ia no necessity for you to have this wretches' blood on your hands,' pleaded the pitying J P. ; ' he is now in the hands of the law, and his doom is as certain aa if you take his life.' ' Is it. Your law is a queer institution, my good friend. Let mo see just what would be likely to happen in this fellow's case. Thore will be an inquost on that innocent creature who lies under the same roof with her dying mother, and Dan Lyons would be committed for trial. From lock-up to court house, from court-house to gaol — remand, postponement, loss of months. In all these there would be .1 hundrod opportunities' of escape by bribery, by sympathy, even by death— we will trust none of it, our deoision is made.' ' Will you let mo beg for time and mercy for this wretohed, guilty man 1' asked Leonard Prosaer, eagerly. ' I wonder if you could find words, Mr. Prosser, for I know you havo a Bister at home about the age of. this cruelly murdered girl.' ' For tho love of God don't murder Dan Lyona this way,' cried poor Tady. ' You speak feelingly my good man ; do you beg his life because he wears a priest's coat? Tady Connor, I know all about your feeling for him. You knew of this villain's blood-guiltiness before any one did, and you would have hid it and let him go free. Stand back, my man, the night is going, and our work is before us to do.'; 'Not while I atand hero to do my duty I' cried Ellis. ' Thero are only two ol us, for it ia not our friend's duty to die iu defence of our prisoner. It is mine, however, and you will paaa over my body to remove Dun Lyons from our custody.' ? ''fa'rbaps so, my good man, but it will, please God, be a living body,' Ike coolly responded, as he wrenched Charlie's ready revolver from his hand. How it happened the witnesses would have been puzzled to describe, for in a moment, as it were, Con stables Ellis aud Loader were being marched off to .their -own lock-up under the guard of adetachment.of Ike's men. 'There is no harm intended you,' Ike himself declared; 'not a hair of your head shall be harmed, only we will have our man; and we will see* that no blame can possibly attach to 'you for what we do this night. Bring out the prisoner.'. He was marched out between two men, hia white faue showing ghastly in the moonlight, hia wild eyes staring in tumble fear upon the laces of thoae around him. While the door, of the lock-up was open, Charlio Ellis and Loader were pushed inside, and the heavy ironed door clanged upon them. You are better out of it,' the Lymans said, 'and we will release, you the moment all is over.' ?'?..' Out of the gate Dan Lyons was marched, with the grip of a strong man on oaoh arm. His handcuffs were unlocked with a key taken from one of the constables, and his wrists fastened behind him with cords, but not until the long black coat had been taken from his back,'as Ike oried angrily : 'Tear it off him I We musn't let any man's religion be mocked or despised by the touoh of a rope 1' And Dan Lyons had Baid as yet no word. If he could have told he might havo said that the terrible words, 'There aro twelve of us,' were repeating themselves over and over in his brain as he looked hopelessly around him. What oould he do face to face with twelve men ? And what could the others do ? Some words tho doctor and Mr. Pollard again urged, but they were taktn no heed of, and evary man, save those in charge of the pri soner, Boon stood ready to mount by hiB horse's side. ' Bring him here,' Ike commanded again ; ' he rides on my horse to-night, and Iko Ly man will hold his bridle.' As Dan Lyons was passing to his place voiceless, he saw the boy Daniel oroucning against the fence, for the reality o£ the awful scene had at last told upon him, and he felt how terrible a thing it was to die. It was a cruel murderer, no doubt, but it waa awful — awful to be dragged out in the night to die, God know how, at the handa of these silent men whose faces were hidden 1 Even at that, last moment he remombered that even gentle Resignation! would have pitied him, though he had killed her, and before he thought more ho was at Ike's side, pulling him by the arm, and almost shrieking in his agony ol remorse — ' You have no'right I Let him go, let him go I' 'Too lato my lad,' sneered Dan. Lyons, with a fiandish glare at the boy. . ' You have done your work well. Stop men, I muBt speak to this youngster, und some of you know I have tho right.' 'Lyons, if you never did one good deed hold your tongue now, ' oriod Mr. Pollard, with uplifted hand ; ' spare tho boy for the sake of that ineroy you , so sorely nued your self.' 'Ho has spared mo,' was tho bitter reply, a3 his oyes met Daniel's,' with a hate that haunted him for years ; ' he trucked his own mother's footsteps to lay tho police on me; and- ho may now-livo, curse him, with the knowludgu that ho hunted his own father to death.' ; The poor lad shrank baok as'though he had received a blow, and would havo fallen if Tady's arms had not caught him. Hid lips grew white; and he trembled as ho shrieked out,- 'It is a lie I ' but Dim Lyons withered him, yet with. those burning eyes as he re plied— . 'It is.no lie, you cub ; ask Mr. Pollard — he knows ; ask your mother — sue knows ; and may the oursc ? ' hn was gagged bafore another word could pass his lipu, and in a moment twelve men rodo down the road with tho. murderer in their midst. Daniel's whole frame uoll&peed;, and his weight lay in Tady's arms aB ho whispered faintly— 'I hope I ani dying. His son 1 Oh, mothor, mother, a murderer's son I ' 'Don't believe him, Daniel dear,' Tady Connor shouted bravely; he's no father of your*. Don't I know ? Wasn't I hero long beforo you wor born? Ask Mr. Pollard thoro ; and whisper now, sure I didn't like to say it before, but it's your father I am meaelf, asthore I You won't be ashamed of poor Tady Connor for a father, will you ? and we'll go home to Ireland, where you will never hear of that scoundrel Dan Lyons again ;-and there now, he's better,' the honest fellow said, as Daniel turned his face to the.fence and burst into tears. ' If you oan carry him away in that belief, Tady, you will have done a good action, and saved a young life. To suoh a boy as that, tho knowledge that his father had been hung for auch terrible murders wonld have ruined him.' ' Oh, I'll swear him into believin' it,, and if I never take a worse oath, the Lord will for give mo for it, I know. Come on home wid me, Daniel, alanna.' And bo away into tho Bhadow of the dis tance the murderer and his guards passed from the sight of tho horrified watohers into the shadows of the distance, where oould be traced in the moonlight tho dark entrance to Murder Gully. ' They are going to hang him on the spot that witnessed hia deeds of blood,' whispered Mr. Pollard in an awestrioken voice. ' And there is justice in it,' added the doo tor, emphatically. Yes, they are going to exeoute the man on the claim in which he had buried one victim alive, and within sight of the spot where he had hidden another. The wretched murderer knew that, as soon as he saw the direction they wero taking him in ; but if he had not been gagged he could have spoken no word. For the faces of the dead wero around him, and tho voioes of the dead were in hia ears. He saw Colonel St. Herrick as ho had seen him last, and he heard his words as he had heard thom then — ' If you leave me here to die, as you see my face now, you will see it at thia hour every night until you die yourself, and your own death will be worse than mine — aye, a hun dred times.' That was what the murdered man had said Co him — aye, what he was saying to him now, with his white face within a yard of his own I And they had oome true, every word 1 Colonel St. Herriok had been his companion every night for twelve long years, and now he wbb there before him to see him die 1 'And I'm glad of it I' he shouted, aa they atood him on his feet and took the gag from hia mouth. ' Hang me, and get it over 1 No hell can be worse than life surrounded by devils I' ' Man, try to realise the awful importance of this moment,' Ike Lyman Baid sternly. ' By your own confesaions you are guilty of thefouledt bloodshed — aak your God for mercy now, while it is not yet too late.' ' Mercy to me means Oblivion. I have asked it of Him so long in vain that I will not try now. Do your worst.' ' Abe, give UB^a prayer,' Ike said again, and his brother lifted up his voioe in a power ful appeal to the great First Cause for mero- on this doomed man. It waa a scene to be recalled, and that was recalled, by many of the participators for years after. Twelve men with bowed bare heads and a pinioned one standing upright in their midst. The steep sides of the gully mottled with moonlit patches and black ahadowa. The claims with their piled-up stuff and silent windlasses. The leafleaa trees on No. 1, and under one seared, gaunt, outstretched limb a coil of rope lying on the ground. A solemn pause after Abe Lyman's prayer had arisen to heaven, and again hi3 brother spoke. ' Dan Lyons, won't you say one prayer for yourself ?' ' Not one,' returned the monster ; ask him to pray for me,' and he pointed to the imaginary form of Colonel St. Herriok. ' Then I can only Bay for you, may the Lord have mercy on your bouI 1 Mates we are ono in this matter? If there ia one doubt that we do a just deed let it be spoken,' and.the answer waB — ' There are twelve of ua 1 ' Before the echoes of the words had ceased to ring around among the rocks of Murder Gully the nooso waa around the doomed man'a neck, tightened, and become a power that drew him up among the dead limbs of the horrified trees upon which no leaves had grown for twelve years. In one dreadful moment he saw the blue, deep starry sky above whioh waa the dwelling place of hia offended God, the spot where he had laid the bloody form of the murdered ohild, and the face of Colonel St. Herrick before hia eyes to the last 1 Oh what a terrible death to face 1 Among thoae men who stood gaping in silence at that figure suspended a dark, struggling form between them and the pure sky, was there not more than one who wished that the deed had not been done though there were twelve of them. CHAPTER XIX. AND LAST. The scene has obanged andtbe time. It is two years since Dan Lyons had met his doom at Murranga, and from the window before which Leonard Prosser is soated there is outspread broad Carliugford Bay, and the green slopes of the County Down. Leonard's face is but littlo changed— his calm and thoughtful nature ia not one that leaves many traces on a handsome face, and Tady Connor's wrinkled, queer visage ia from other causes setting defiance to the ravages of time. On tho morning I reintroduce these two of my characters to you Tady ia standing on tha opposite side of his master's table, and thtsy are talking over sundry affairs of tho management of the Prouaer estate that are in Connor's oharge. Suddenly Leonard changed the subject. 'Daniel's holidays aro nearly over are they not Tady ?' 'Yes Bir, time'e up a Monday next. We war thinkin' of axing you lor an extension Mr. Leonard ; tian't so long since ye war glad of a holiday yerself,' Tady added, with a twinkle in his eyes fixed on his foster brother's countenance. Leonard smiled. 'You have never re gretted fathering the lad Tady ? ' he asked. ' Regretted I Sure you'ro not axin' in oarnest Mr. Leonard, for well you know I. never . did. Everytime that boy calls me 'Father' me heart jumps up in me mouch, but truth to tell sir I don't think he believes 1 am that, though he never scs so. Any word from Australia since Mr. Leonard ? ' ' I had a letter this morning from Mr. Pollard— I waa juBt going to tell you.' ' No word o£ the mother, Bir ? ' ' Tale or tiding of either Nun Griffiths or 'her daughter have never been heard of since. Do you think Daniel frets about her ? ' ' He thinks of her I'm sure, Mr. Leonard, but fretting I don't know. You see that busi ness of her trying to save Dan Lyons he has never got over. But he will get over it, plaze God. I never saw anything liko tho way me mother baa taken to him, and, indeed, he to her. I deolare I believe she sometimes fanoies he is her rale grandson.' ' When are you going to give her a ' rale ' one, Dan.' ' Never, sir,, with the help of God.' ' Now that Nora Brady is within a county of you ? ' 'Mr. Leonard,' Tady interrupted, with such an expression of pained reproof on his honest phiz that Leonard hastened to appease him. ' You are right, Tady ; I ought to be ashamed of myself, and of course I was only joking. But everyone does not know that tho girl ia sister to a murderer, and it is to do hoped that some decent man may yet make her a wife. 'I hear that both Conn and the mother havo become'very devout,' Tady Baid. ' I am glad to hear it. Charlie Ellis and Miss Clarke are married, Tady.' 11 Aro thoy Bir, Oh, by gob, he could well afford it. We did well in them three months' ... work, though the Lord knows it waa like mur der to mo to come up out of the shaft and Eee that ropo hanging thero ovor and always — I wonther if any one tuk it down yet ? ' ' I don't know, Tady ; it was a hard climb and no one liked to touoh it. Well, Charlio has resigned, at all events, and they aro mar ried. Mr. Pollard Bays that the gully i3 de serted onoe more, and that ho fccla sad for a week after he visita the cemetery.' ' Indeed, and no wonther. Oh I it was the sad sight tho day of Mrs. St. Herrick's and Resignation^ funeral ? Thero they wor in one grave, you may say all three murtliered by that cruel villain.' ' And Dan Lyons within a stone's throw of them.' ' Outside the fence though, sir ; not in con secrated ground, anyway.' ' Oh no, of course not, Tady.' ' Did you hear exactly where tho Bradys are, Mr. Leonard? ' ' Near Armagh. It seems that they came home by tho first ahip after Conn's inoet uu expeoted recovery. It was a lesson to him, and I am glad he ia a changed man.' ' There was-room for it, Mr. Leonard.' ' There is room for improvement in every one of us, Tady. And now will you go and tell Daniel that I'm on for a morning'» fish ing if he likes to come with mo, and we will talk over that question of the extended holi days.' 'Oh, they're as good as granted. Mr. Leonard ; Daniel will b3 so glad to go with you.' ' A minute more, Tady. I would not s»y anything to the boy about the news from Australia ; it might unsettle him.' ' Of course not, air.' ' And there's one other item of newa in Mr. Pollard's letter. It's quite in youi- line ^ too, Tody, for you believe in ghosts, I know.' 'Dan Lyons has uppaaifid!' exclaimed Tady, making aauoers oE bin round eyns. ' Something like it. Several liava declared that they have mun him hanging in the Gully where the Americans lufc him. It ia always an moonlight nighta, of course; and the dead man swiugij round hia rope, show ing hia wbitd facs at all paits oi the compass. Now, you know, Mr. Pollard doesn't vouch . (or tbe truth ol this, Tady, nor does ho be lieve in it.' . ' There's plenty of men as wise as Mr. Pollard, though I've uothin' to suy ag'm' tho gintieman, tuat bclievea in the like,' said Tady, as he opened the door for hia own exit, ' an' why wouldn't .they ? Doean't it stand to raiaon that part oE n lost sowl'a puniahmaut may be to see his sufferin's an' his sius over again on earth ?' THE END, ?:'.'.?? 