NOT , PEACE, BUT A SWORD. 0 King of King's! piRule of the jiosts . > Which rule.ttie mighty mystery of things! , Fjllirig '(lie eriptij ;iriti; graves, and hell with ghosts, 5 | thither by tlie madness of tlie kings I ' Share vet W littlo : in'thv mcrcv share ' " ,'yThe, nature yhiph 'still blindly groan and bear. 1 Each desolate Hopie cries out aloud ; i s ' ; iThe orphan'd children, widowed women cry, Andryeii still: onward strive tlio madden'd crowd, Blindly to slaughter, and as blindly to die. Spare them a 'littlo "pin.thy mercy spare - The millions: which blindly groan and bear. Peace, and the hapiness of human life; Friends 'in the 'cornfields,' brothers in tlio homo: ; The/stffiwaVt ytomrin and the blanieless'w-ife > On bebded knees'in grief before thee come! \- Sparo them a "little; God, 'iii mercy spare ' The nations .which still blindly groan and bear. ' , Shall, the great Christian nations still advance IWitH'Gatiin'gsi NonieilfeldM, in fierce arrtiy, ' England 'thW hferoieV 'and' the gallailt' France " '"The'Arab'fibits'and Chinese swarms to slay? Sparc them a. little ;.God in mercy sparo _ . The niilHons which still Blindly groan and bear. jl£jiartqum has fallen! Gordon now at rest. 'Holil till October' January just closed, And he, :the -heroic soldier, bravest, bust, t,, ;ppght' while i valiant people almost dozed. . Spare them a little ; God, in mercy spare The nations 'which still blindly groan and bear. Who will not ih'o'urn' thy fate, betrayed Khartoum ? ' -(No Lucknow rescued by brave Havelock), ( Captured' to fill ;all English hearts with gloom, And make insulting adversaries mock. Spare us a little ;. Gpdj in- mercy spare, We eroan-the nations crroan and blindlv bear. — Sydney Epho.j ;- " - H. II. A new,' find of, a, lode of tiu is reported on the Port ''Darwin' Company's ground, Snadden's Cfisfek.""1"1 ' ' : . ,. A Remarkable instance of voluntary regtilu- Hipn .. of 'stolen property (says tlio ' Age'), was -brought- under the notice of Inspector Kennedy, of-jihe1 detectiyiT police, on Monday. Last Fri- 'dayiiight it came to the knowledge of Detective Michael'; Ward) that a middle iiged man, whose 'namet and' address could not be' ascertained, had been" ' robbed- of1 a large sum of money by some women iri 'a house of ill1 fame in Stewart-street. "'Ward' made careful inquiries Into the matter, 1 but could only 'learn that the amount stolen ' was between £G0 and, £70, arid that the riionoy consisted .almost entirely of new sovereigns. "With'out knowing the number of the house, or , tiiepames of its inmates, the detective proceeded to the. street indicated, and before long he was accosted by a woman, who, said, "Ah ! Mr Ward; ilV'know what you are come about ; here is -what5 you, are' looking for," at thesame time handing.' : the. officer a Bmall cigar box, which contained thirty-eight perfectly new sovereigns. She .said" this was all that was left of the money ' tHS.' man .had lost, 'and Ward took the newly minted gold. The strangest part of the affair "is that no robbery of sovereigns has, up to late last night,' been 'reported to the police, and not the j .slightest' idea exists as to who the individual may be .who has been robbed. The , money so strangely recovered is now in Inspector Kennedy's possession, and the police are at a loss to -know to whom it rightfully belongs. /Soliloquising on the departure oftheNow "South Wales contingent the 'Brisbane Courier' of Wednesday remarks :' — "And now that the hurrah's are over' and the troopship has sailed, we 'shalfhave leisure to think of the outcome of all this. "It ,i3 certainly a leap in "the dark, and ' lie ..would ' be a wise man who could tell where it vyill ultimately land the Australian colonies. . Tliis,, much wb know, that it is a step forward :';W.hioh r canqot- be . withdrawn. Never again can we resume exactly the snmo relations to the mother-country and the rest of the world whioh we occupied before the despatch of this corps 'of : -armed men to a distant war. No longer . will nii Australian poet sing—' We pile the arms of- peace— hisr trophies manifold, her ploughshare ' swi)rd.B,! her 'shields of fleece, her armour of ' bloodless' gold.' Like the rest of mankind, we ..shall probably in future hang the ' battle-riveu' banners' brought back from tho Soudan high ...above all peaceful trophies. But theso are not really subjects for regret. Approaching man hood; brings to nations as t-i individuals its : responsibilities as well as its privileges, and we are fast nearing the period of our emancipation from leading strings. Under the leadership of New South Wales we have made a great stride towards the unknown future that awaits us. Tliat' prudence as well as boldness will be dis-. played by , the. group of statesmen into whose .liaridk t|ie guidance of Australia at this critical time of her history, has fallen, is the fervent ; hope of every Australian who loves his country." , An enterprising provision dealer in Glasgow, T. J. Lipton by name, recently wrote to "Sir Roger .Tichbprjie," offering him a month's engagement, . to. date from the 15th December to lath January. .Ho. offered the claimant a very handsome sum of money.upon the following conditions: — Roger was .tp don a jacket ami apron like Mr Lipton 's shop men,, and, serve his customers like tliem. He was .to perform for the first fortnight in Mr Lipton's establishment- in Glasgow, then go to Edinburgh, thence' to Dundee, and finish his engagement in -Aberdeen. The Claimant did not accept tlie engage ment. If his ticket-of- leavc would permit Mb >. absence from England, he could obtain better terms for an," exhibition" of himself in the colonies. 