LAZARUS IN L0ND0X. BOOK THE FIRST. THE SHOP IN SOHO. CHAPTER Hi. WHAT WAS IN THE KBW3PAPEH. B7 F. W. ROBINSON. Author of " Grandmother's Money;" " Owen, a Waif;" " Mattie, a Stray ;•' " L'he Black .Speck " No Church&c.; Returning to the parlour for the third time I found my father's place -vacant, and Lydia folding u]i her work. ™ Has he gone to bed ?" I asked, *'Oh, no. He is gone into Mr. Wellmore'a room to have a warn and brush up, as he calls He is tomirig down to play whist after ail" Mr. Wellmore was our second-floor lodger —a gentleman of whom the reader will hear more concerning presently—a troublesome lodger, though Lydia would never agree with me in this, bat" who was very often considerate in liis way. Always on the 4th of November did he vacate his second-floor rooms for father, and disappear for four- andtwenty^hours. He knew we bad no rooms to spare, and that my father was an old man and did not see his daughters very often. Mr. Wellmore was obliging enough to surrender up his lodgings and depait from the premises. OhT he could be very obliging if he liked—but he did not always like. And he could make himself very disagreeable if he liked, and he did like to do that very often, too—at least, rethought so. And that is all I can say of Mr.' Wellmore yet awhile, Bave that he had asked-me twice ^to bs MB wife, aid I had said on both occasions very calmly Atari decisively that I couldn't think of it—not I, Indeed. ' • : i suppose I must have bad that night a speaking face—that is, a face that betrays a g&od; deal, and is very uncomfortable and ''unreliable" always to its owner—or else India's glasses were extra strong that evening, for after a p&uBe; Bhe added to her last pibce of information— * ''You don't want to play "whist wit faijhe her?" "nnC^^iu: No," I answered frankly," I want him to go to bed." '"I often fancy you don't care for^your father so much as I do—and yet £ am only his step-daughter. How's that?" "'I' don't know," I replied, "I don't seem tor care for him very much at times." '" Maud, you havehateful way of talking," Bald Lydia." " I know it. I can't help it," I said, feeling strangely inclined' to cry. " And dad has hardly been-like a father to ns—all his life. He—ne has not. thpught so much of us as he might have, done—hasn't ever seemed' to properly; but has let us run wild and grow ujianyhow." '.'.;•'' | ""Has anything happened to yon to-night?" asked Lydia quietly. " No. Why?* ;"\on don't generally go on in that dissatisfiedptrain. You and Ella have not much to complain abc#it.'"You both try to havo your own way in:everything, and you generally gtt it If you two run wild and grow up anyhow, as yon aay,whose fault is that? Not .mine," she. added, very gravely, "for yon two .hang together, and don't care for me aa I eat betore the fire. " I am only in a bad temper tonight—pnt but a little. Don't take any notice,. Lyd. I don't mean to be disagreeable—there !" "Ta it because EUa has gone out, and you are, as you .sometime* call it—slaving at heme?" , . V No,, no," I saidj " I like Ella .to go out. She droops indoors, and—and she is so happy when Bliets going out—when thereis something to look forward to. as she calls it." c" So are you," said Lydia; " that's the worst of it." I heard the heavy sigh, and was sorry to hear it too. I knew what it meant, and I might have attempted a little consolation or assurance that it was. not our wish to escape her, to leave her always ia the house alone, that made it pleasanter to get away from business than to stay at home. It was not tha$ with me, at any rate. Of late days—for toe lastiew months—I had learned to regard Lydia somewhat differently, and the feeling ifas growing with me. not,dying out: and why that was will be explained later on with all the explanations I am putting ofi, for I do bate explanations very much indeed. " Don't let HB say any more to-night about this," I said, a little wearily. " Oh, but I have such a lot to say," said Lydia, very bluntly now, " and I have intended to ^ay it all day, too. And I can't speak before father." . "No, not exactly." . V.I know that yon and EUa are deceiving me. J don't want your confidence, j ou two," she cried, quite warmly; " but-don't try to throw dost in my eyes. That's not fair." " I don't know what you mean." Yes you do;" " I can only guess." *AGnesa that Ella is in danger, and you and I don't try to help her." "lean trustfcElla. I do help her." " Help herto-drift down ward,-Maud. That Is all you can do." . ' "I can trust-Elia^'^Irepeated again, with extra emphasis. ' "I know how good and brave and honest a girl she is, ana that she can take care 1 of herself as well as any woman ever did. I would stake my existence on EUa: I" " Where is she to-night?" she asked, " is it so great a seicret? -Are you bota so very ftucft ashamed of it?' " Mhamed!" • "Ashamed to tell me." *' Ella said you would make a fass." < l Very likely. Where iB she ?" asked my ifa&U; sister again. It was a leading question, and not easy to reply to. " Do at say anything to Lydia," had been Ella's last instructions to me. My half-sister saw my hesitation, and said— " You told father she was at the Pages," "She went to the Pages first." " And from there?" "I would'rather not say," I"replied. " Ah! thafs better than telling lies," said Lydia bluntly,' "and I don't think, girl"— and here her hand rested for an instant heavily on my shoulder—" that you make a good liai." I did not flush up and answer saucily as a young woman might have done, 'as I had always been in tbe habit of doing. I had lost all my high spirits that evening, my facUity of retort, my sharp way of answering anything to which I objected. There was. something on my mind; I felt myBelf, for onoe, in the wrong. • I had yery grave doubts myself 'of Ella's wisdom; I had told her so; I had persuaded her,-to her surprise, to give it aU op, and she hadlaughed at me, and said, " I VRts getting bs ba^as «ld Lyd." And In her own wilful, hard way,, she, so full of light and life, .BO bright and self-reliant, went away froin ""Fisher-street early in the evening to dress at the Pages for tHe danoe. " Fm sorry it's dad's night," she had said, " bht I have pcDmised, and I shonld offend Walter very much if I did not go with him to the ball; and the tickets are bought, and oh! it will be a very happy night. It wiU be something to look back upon, to feel happy again in thinking it aU over." 'Jt will be something to look back upon! ' That was a true prophecy at least. .'". My father came down quite fresh-coloured and renovated, and altogether a different . heing. He had buttoned up his shabby 8urtbut coat-rhe always buttoned up his coat wheif' he, wished to Look particularly well 'jfiineasecl—and he declined the easy chair 'with 'a cLeprecatory ^ave of hitf right hand. ; Let us begin wHist," he said, " I will tike ' dummy, and wis .will play for penny points." " It is a gopd deal of money," said Lydia, who was always careful. ' " My dear, you are just as likely to win as to lose." But Lydia'find I had been, .never* able to win against fitther &nd; dummy. Father was : temper. I may as well say that I had not a wonderfully .good temper, and cards—which I did not like—tried me to the uttermost. We wanted Ella to keep as laughing with her odd remarks, her quaint turns of speech.Ithe fun that she would have made even dut of our little family card party; : we missed her directly we began. . " EUa will be home in time for a rubber, I : daresay,"' my father said at once, " Ella and . 1 againBt ydu two. I am disposed to make a .'.night of 'this. I feel ao much better since sponging my head in cold water; all that Bwimminess,has gone to which I. strongly object, and which always comes on Founder's Day. I wish you had sent that pickpocketlooking scamp for the brandy, after all. Isaac, wasn't his name ?" " I can run across in a minute," I said. I did not like the idea of running across to the Feathers, which was a noisy house, where were many Irish, and a few foreigners, and innumerable snuffy old women'before the bar by thi3 time, but 1 wished to be agreeable, and to make up for Ella. "If you would, Maud," said mv father, after the first game, " I shall be extremely obliged to you. I would go myself if I had not taken my boots cff." If we had not taken his boots off he meant. "Iri will go,"«dd Lydia, very decisively. "Just as you like, my dear child," said my lather, " it does not matter in the least who goes. Your deal. Maud, and do-for mercy's sake pay a slight amount of attention to the game, and don't stare over my head so. Is anything behind me. "Nothing particular." "It makes me nervous," he added. "I have been unstrung by the sight of Mackness: I have been lorded over by Mackness ; and 1 want to settle down now, and be comfortable. I want to forget him." ' " He's not worth talking about, dad," I "^No, he's a mean hound," said my father, " I would not have treated him so had I been up in the world and he down. I would have been the most munificent of patrons, I—two by honoora and five by cards. I am fortunate to-night." With such luck as my father's, the second game was quickly over, and Lydia and 1 both rose together for the honour of fetching the brandy for him. Lydia was nervous in a crowd I knew, objected to spirits altogether, and easily caught cold—I was younger anc quicker. I ran up for my hat before Lydia was at the foot of the stairs, but when I came down Lydia had vanished. She had opened the shop door, and gone across bare-headed. My father had lighted his briar-wood pipe, and was sitting quietly at the table waiting for us both to return. - " How tiresome she is," r exclaimed. " She does not like the idea of you're going into the public at this tine of night," said my father, " one of the Protheroes, at an open counter, purchasing a quartern of brandy iB not a nice sight for the gods. Ah! I had a wine cellar once in which I could lose myself, and every bottle in it was worth half a guinea on the average. And—great heaven! what a draught. Lydia has left the shop-door open surely." "Shall I shut it?" " Shut it, by all means, my dear. The row in the street is deafening, and tries my head. I wouldn't live in such a deu as this for all the world." 1 went into the shop. The noises in the street were many and varied at this hour of the night. The Feathers was close to us, and people were either noisy or disputatious there from 9 till 12, more disDutatious than merry towards the latter hour, and settling little differences of opinion in the street with clenched fists and bad language, and an excited cockatoo screaming from women who invariably mingled in the fray and clawed right and left indiscriminately. No—not a street in which any one would live from choice. Still there was no dispute at The Feathers just then—there wasa little laughing, and cabs were rattling from the theatres, making short cuts to the Strand or Oxfordstreet, and stray youths were still forestalling the next day's celebration by flinging damp squibs and crackers about, and there was a penny whistle being vociferously blown by a dreadful boy a few doors off, and there were two hoarse-voiced, iron-lnnged men striding down the middle of the road shouting, "Terrible Murder in the City! Terrible Murder this evening in the City— Terrible Murder—Great" Murder ' in the City:!" This was the murder, the details of which Isaac Garboush would nave horrified me with at an earlier period of the evening had.I stopped to listen to him—the murder in which I should not have believed from the ravings of these late night-birds with their papers—but which, on that occasion, was like the grim chorus to a tragedy, aud which seeiited suddenly and strangely to me like a tragedy, in which I had a part to play. When ! opened the door widely to admit Lydia, who came tripping across the gutters, with a white handkerchief over her hair, the men were in front of our shop, and bawling the news into the premises, it had a bloodcurdling effect upon me, but Lydia was more practical, and cool, and curious. " It will interest dad," she said, dispensing an extra penny in the purchase of a paper. Then the shopdoor was shut, ani I followed Lydia, who bore the brandy and the newspaper into the parlour. My father was sitting where we had left him, but lie had turned as white as a ghost. The florid colour on his cheeks had entirely vanished, and I. could hear his teeth chattering against the amber stem of his pipe. The horrible news that had been called out in the street had startled and unnerved him, and he looktd from me to Lydia a strange, scared way. "What's that? what's happened ?" he en- * quired. :" What do they say out there ?" "There's been a murder in the City," said Lydia,"" I have bought you a paper."' "I don't, want to read it," he said, speaking very quickly and'irrelevantly, "I can't read it without my glasses—I'll read it in the morning—give me the paper, will you ? Why do you"- . Then he slipped off his chair to the ground, and fainted away. I gave a scream, "and Lydia looked as if she were going to faint too, but she quickly recovered herself, opened our bask window for air, and sprinkled some water on my father's forehead. ; " He is subject to these faints, Maud," she said, "I have often known'him have them before. Don't be frightened. He will come round in a minute." And he did, sitting up and looking with some surprise at the disordered condition of his rusty black stock and waistcoat. "Spades are trnmpB,' I think," were his first words, as he rose slowly to his feet, assisted by his step-daughter and myself. I looked at the newspaper—I had sharp eyes and saw that the /murder case- wa? folded -Outwards—and I quietly slipped it behind me, and * went into the shop with it,. Before I put it on the shelf along with the new hat which the Worshipful. Company of Spiders had endowed my father, I felt drawn, to glance at the newspaper again—compelled, as it were, to know a little more concerning it. And I saw that the name of the murdered man was one Richard Mackness, a merchant in Mincing-lane. 