ECHOES OF MBLBOURNE [Br TuB GnosT] It would almost seem, from the readiness displayed by honourable members of the Assembly to " shunt" the magnus opus of the session-the Licensing Bill-whenever they can find or make an opportunity, that they are somewhat puzzled in regard to the "safest" attitude to assume in regard to the measure. Tuesday's sitting, which was to be exclusively devoted to the con sideration of the bill, was entirely occupied in a fruitless discussion on the recent court-martial proceedings in connection with the mutinous members of the Defence Force. The question was raised by Mr. Bent under cover of a motion for adjourn mont, and the objectless talk was continued during the whole evening. The speakers who in the greatest degree distinguished themselves by their utter ignorance of the subject they were dealing with, and the ridiculous theories they pro pounded in respect to military discipline, were Professor Pearson, Mr. Gaunson, Mr. Bent, and last, but not least, Liout. Colonel Smith, who availed himself of the agis of parliamentary privilege to give utterance to sentiments which, spoken elsewhere, would assuredly have caused him to appear before a court-martial charged with "conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman, and subversive of military discipline." That the Licensing Amendment Bill will, to borrow Mr. Patterson's phrase," go into Committee one bill and come out another" is a "moral" certainty. Petitions for and against the measure are being poured into the Assembly from all sides. So numerous and bulky were the documents placed on the table of the Assembly on Tuesday,that a special messenger was fully omployed in removing the pile of papers placed before the Clerk of the House. The majority of the petitioners consisted of those members of the Wesleyan persuasion who are against any compensation being paid to dispossessed publicans, in favour of local option without limitation, and strongly averse to the employment of barmaids and Sunday trading of any kind. Mr. Bent, who on this occasion has assumed the role of the publican's friend, raised a laugh at the expense of the chief opponentsof Sunday work, by pointing out that all the petitions against this class of labour had been signed on the Sabbath. It is safe in regard to the bill to predict that if ever it becomes law, it will only be after a vast amount of dreary talk, and as the Government have handed it over to the Legislature to be dealt with in a " go-as-you-please" fashion, the last state of the measure will indubi tably be worse than the first, and it will be found "so lame and unfashionable" that not even its authors will recognise their much transmogrified bantling. It certainly will not be the fault of the Legislature if Victorians are not ore long the most virtuous people r'nder? the sun. Nor will it be the'its'if they do dot compel the present generation of colonists to "take their pleasure sadly," as was the wont of their ancestors in the time of old Froissart. "Cash betting" on race- courses is no more to be permitted. The frequenters of the " Hill," at Flemington are henceforth to keep their half-crowns in their pockets, and wagering is to be confined to the classes who can afford to "book" their wvagors with the bookmaking fraternity.And when there are no barmaids, no lfcbes to present the cup that inebriates and cheers, there will be no. more nobbler ising, and blue ribbon become an article of general wear amongst our young men. The proceedings in conection with the court martial on the Queenscliff mutineers has been one of the principal topics of the week. Any amount of nonsense has been talked in regard to the affair, outside aswell as inside the walls of Parliament. Never, perhaps, before has a mere regimental or garrison c~.ort-martial atltined such notoriety. Singular to say, among the whole host of wiseacres who have given their views, not one has had the nons to see that the remarks made in the various law reports refer solely to " general " courts martial, and are utterly inapplicable to the court that tried the disobedient ar tillerymen. Even the Attorney-General appears to have overlooked this point. In military, as well as civil matters, with how little wisdom is the world governed. The strike among the Melbourne omnibus drivers still continues, and with very little prospect of an amicable arrangement being arrived at between the proprietors and the employes of the Company. As there is sufficient accommodation for the travelling portion of the community afforded by "cabby," there is very little sympathy shown by the general publio. A little wvet weather instead of the beautiful days we are now revelling in might perhaps cause some slight inconvenience to the public, and their growling might be inter preted as being sympathetic with the strikers. But just now all is sunshine in our streets, and as no incon vonience is experienced, no sympathy is felt. True there has been an attempt to create a "popular feeling" for the "poor over-worked 'bus driver," and one or two clergymen have, from the platform of the Trades Hall, expatiated on the wrongs of the jehus, and, what is perhaps more to the point, subscribed their £1 towards the sus tenance fund of the men who are out. But their example has not been generally followed, and as the Company are rapidly engaging new drivers, the "strikers" are hardly likely to be much benefited by their combined action. In a few days the Vic torian metropolis will have once more assumed its busy and "bussy" appearance, and no one but the omnibus drivers be a bit the worse off than they now are. In the early days of our history, "claim jumping" was a not uncommon practice. Of late years it has been out of vogue, for the good and sufficient reason, perhaps, that there were no gold mines of sufficient richness to tempt the adventurers who levied black mail upon the proprietors of gold mines. The richness of Mount Morgan appears, however, again to have awakened the dormant predatory instincts of the "jumpers," and it is reported that the property has been "applied for" by a new proprietory, who have taken the reaui site legal steps to secure the ground which it is alleged the late or present proprietory neglected to take. A "syndicate" was a few weeks since formed in Melbourne for the purpose of "taking up" the Mt. Morgan claims, and this hasjust boon done. Among the gentlemen who, if successful in ousting the present holders, will become the new proprietory, are, it is said, an ex-mayor of Melbourne, a leading Ballarat solicitor, a Melbourno ditto, and one or two mining speculators. Shares in the venture are at a premium. As a number of the present proprietors of interest in the Mount' Morgan claim are men of great wealth, it may fairly be assumed that long and ex pensive litigation will take place before any decision is arrived at in regard to the title to the ground, and that the lawyers will reap the greater portion of the harvest the members of the "syndicate" hope to garner. Evidently the members of the scientific world in the old country do not ignore talent simply because it happens to be associated with the colonies, for the Royal Geographical Society of England have recently elected Mr. A. C. M'Donald, of Collins-street-who, by the wayis a native of New South Wales-to a fellowship. The gentleman named has worked hard for the honour, and fully deserves the right of appending F.R.G.S. to his patronymic. August 6. 