ECHIOBS OF MELBOUR1NE. (BY Tne GHOST.) Historians of undoubted acumen are found who entirely discredit the statement that the Emperor Nero indulged in a violin solo while Rome was a prey to the flames. They doubtless base their un belief on the fact that it is impossible that any rational being can have been so lost to all sense of decency, so careless of the interests of others, so indifferent to every thing excepting his own amusement, as to behave in tihe manner imputed to him. It will not therefore be matter e for much surprise if, when in the course o of 'a fewryears, some local Gibbon gives to the world the story of the decline and fall of Victoria, the fact that within four weeks of their final prorogation, with a c large number of important measures awaiting consideration, the paid members of the Legislative Assembly of the colony voted themselves a week's holiday is en- I tiroly disbelieved. But it will neverthe less be the undoubted truth. The sensible proposal of the head of the Government to I adjourn on the Cup day, which has come to be recognised as the great raqing I carnival of Australasia, was hega- ] tived in favour of an amendment pro- e posed by one of the 'oungest members of e the House, and the passing of two or thllree pressing bills rendered impossible o during the present session. To postpone e the discussion on the reciprocity treaty with Tasmania, and hang up the Federal 1 Enabling Bill, in order that the lawn at I Flemington might be graced with the c presence of some of our M.P.'s, is certainly I a game not worth the candle. It would almost appear as if parliaments, like indi viduals, were liable to a period of senile e decay. The last session of most Victorian c Assemblies has always been marked by I apathy and disorganisation, and the present I era of the Coalition certainly bids fair to I form no exception to the rule that has obtained in the past. The Ministry has evidently outlived its authority, and the 1 Assembly its usefulness, and the sooner, therefore, both are resolved into their e component elements, the better will it be for the colony. During the recent electoral campaign, e West Melbourne has been unusually fortu nate, for like the damsel celebrated in song, the constituency "could have been happy with either, were t'other dear charmer away." The only people who can e by any means feel disappointed at the result of the contest are the "sitters on a rail," who are really afforded no hint of the direction in which the political cat is likely to 'jump, for no significance I can be attached to the choice of the electors in connection with the Licensing 1 Act. Honourable gentlemen are still as much at sea in regard to the trend of the I current of popular feeling as ever they were. Had one of the candidates been in the ranks of the Blue Ribbon Army the I result might have been taken as a guide to their future utterances by aspiring legisla- e tors. As it is, the constituency has simply i chosen Tweedle dum in preference to I Tweedledee. One fact only has been made plain, and that is that despite the daily e girding of a section of the Melbourne Press at " Conservatism," neither itadical nor Liberal had "stomach for the fight," e which was left to two proved staunch e Constitutionalists. If the act to "improve" the administra- < tion of justice be not a more successful piece of legislative work than the Judiea- I ture Act passed during last session, the I sorrow of the general public at the delay e in the progress of law-making caused by e the Assembly adjourning for a week for e the purpose, as stated by Mr. Nimmo, the senior representative of South Melbourne, of swelling the ranks of the "rogues, thieves, and vagabonds" on the racecourse, 1 will be considerably mitigated. Under the e " improved" course of procedure law costs hlave, according to one honourable e member, increased 50 per cent., while e fees have been swollen to an extent of 500 per cent. In the face of this statement, deliberately made and allowed to pass unchallenged by the numerous lawyers in the House, it is easy to understand how much truth there is in Sir Charles M'Mahon's averment that litigants who are compelled to go to the Supreme Court only go "to be plundered." Mr. Kerferd's approaching elevation to the Bench will be shorn of much of its lustre when he reflects on donning the ermine that he has become a yarliceps riminis in the "plundering" arrangements now pre valent in our highest courts of justice. The Victorian Crown law officers have been somewhat unfortunate of late in their endeavours to purify the moral and religious atmosphere of the colony. The prosecution of the young man Wil- kinson, arising out of the admissions made by this too much wedded telegraph operator in a recent divorce suit, has ignominiously broken down, and the pro- ceedings against the secularist entertain- ments of Mr. Joseph Symes have likewise ended in a "fizzle." In the former case, however, something more has been achieved than merely allowing an impudent trading impostor the benefit of freely advertising himself and his "Sunday services." The question in regard to the validity of the three thousand and odd marriages per- formed by the "Reverend" Nicholas Kins- man has been raised. Mr. Purves, who appeared for Wilkinson, was able to prove to the jury that the proceedings in connection with the marriage cere- mony were invalid, and the ceremony a nullity. If the contention of the learned gentleman should turn out on further in- vestigation to be correct, there will be quite a rush of illegally-made husbands to the Divorce Court. A few months' experi- ence of wedded happiness is, in many cases, quite enough for any ordinary man, and the possibilities of escape from con- nubial bliss presented by the Wilkinson trial are such as will doubtless induce a large number of benedicts to make an effort to regain their bachelorhood. Under these circumstances—certainly under no other—there may be some sense in the pro- posal made in the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Shackell, and endorsed by a meet- ing of Australian-born young men, recently held in South Melbourne, to tax every male person over 21 years of age who is not the happy possessor of "a wife of his own," or—should the three thousand faultily-wedded ladies be set free—of some body else's. It is still a moot point whether man "eats to live" or "lives to eat." Vic- torian legislators are apparently careless about solving the question, for on the issue hieiig raised on Wednesday evening by Mr. Conner, M.P., honourable members incon tinently fled the chamber, and the Assem bly was counted ost. A proposition that the moderate sum of £1000 should be placed on the estimates for the purpose of cookery being taught in the State schools in large centres of population coull not receive the serious consideration of the Legislature. The time selectedfor bringing forward the motionwas perhaps inopportune; honourable gentlemen had just "fed," and therefore a debate on cookery must have had the same effect on our replete law makers as have the fumes of the viands on the restaurant diner emerging from table and whose nostrils es passant are assailed by a strong whiff from thle kitchen below. Perhaps it is for this reason that a matter so eminently practical met with the treatment it did. Cookery is unques tionably an art, and it is precisely in art education that the average Australian is deficient. From tie female pupils now attending our State schools the bulk of thIe wifehood of our middle classes must come,and in the wife aknowlodge of how to prepare a palatable meal will be vastly more conducive to domestic peace and comfort than a knowledge of algebraic fractions, or a thorough comprehension of the binomial theorem. There are higher authorities than oven " nMr. Cattormole," who trace important results to the state of peoplo's livers, and our Legislature might, therefore, do worse than devote a small portion of serious attention to inculcating a knowledge of how our daily food should be resented to us, even if it should stop short of imparting all the attributes which are requisite to form what the gentleman in the " Private Secretary" terms " a - good cook." October 31. 