Hilary's Iliisband. HIIABY stood leaning against a rugged old oak just outside the farm-house gate, watch ing her lover as be drove away Irom her for over. It was a lonely road; there were neither neighbors nor paasers-by to peer curiously into her {see, and Aaron never once looked round as he went; the need not have pressed baok the tears eo resolutely. But ahe stood perfeotly calm and still, looking fixedly down the road after the retreating wheels, though feeling as if she were watohing a hearse that bore away her heart to burial in some far-away gravoyard beyond rcach of tears. When theTlast flatter of dust had laid it self in the road behind the gig, like a sorrow momentarily lulled to jeleep, but ready to start into life at memory's first breath, the girl raised her clasped hands above her head, and oloEcd her eyes tightly as if to shut out the vision of the long anil yean to oome, etretobing themselves aimlessly into the die tanco, empty, lovelesf, end nard like the blank road before her. Then she turned and walked steadily into tho bouBot and up the narrow stairs into her annt's room, and eat down by the bed, folding her Blender hands in her lap, and looking down at the invalid with tired grey eyes that seemed suddenly to have discovered tho end of all things, and to know that henoeforth they most always look back instead of forward. The paralytio neither flaw nor heard when i Hilary oame in. She lay as she had lain theno many months,-past seeing, past bear ing, past suffering, yet living still, though sb utterly dead to her old life as had the lie guitscat in pace already been written in let ters of marble above her. For a long time Hilary eat by the bedside, absolutely motion less, save when Bho mechanically leaned for ward to brash a fly from her aant's brow, or smooth away a crease in the counterpane, or straighten some Bmall crookedness that un oonsoioUBly arrested her eye. One's outward senses are never so peculiarly alive to trifles as when a great crisis of fate holds all the spirit spell-bound. So now tho various conseoutive sounds of overy-day fatm-lifo struok sharply through to Hilary's brain, and she rose obediently from her scat at the first stroke of tbe bell ringing in the men from tho fields to their evening meal. She lingered a moment before going down, to look onriously at herselt in the glass. No; this ohange that bad eome was all in her life-not in herself. There were no wrinkles amid the faint horizontal lines that crossed her forehead, no hollows in the gmootb, pale cheeks, no faded threads in tbe blonde braids that coverod her head in such profusion. She looked the same now as when she had run down so blithely to bid her lover weloome only an hour before, She pressed her tbln, sweet lips together, and shook her head an if (o fenoe off memory, and "then Blowly descended to the dining-room, where farmer Perkins and his wife, with whom she and her aunt had boarded ever since she could remember, were already seated at the table, which was Bet for four, and had that air of elaboration **bou£ it whfoh tables, like people, put on for an expeoted guest. " Why, where's Aaron?" asked Mrs. Par kiob, in evident disappointment. " I made sure he would^ Btay, and opened a jar of my beat strawberries, though young men are that ignorant, I believe he'd all as soon have had orab-apples." ''He oouldn't wait," Hilary answered quietly, as she took her place ana busied her' self with her napkin. " Ho had a great deal to do." Farmer Perkins raised his bushy brows without lifting his eyes from his plate. 41 Had he, then ?" he said, with good-humored donbt. " I'd bo glad of the day when Aaron Johns had a deal to do." " Yes," answered Hilary, lifting her head with a desperate feeling that it was best to get through the worst at ones. "He bad so little time. He leaves to- night for the West -for Omaha." .' What I" The exolamation came from Mrs. PerkinB. Her husband merely suspended his opera tions with the waffles, and stared at Hilary sideways. " yes," she continued, in a perfectly quiet, unemotional voioe. " He said he had failed long enough here, and he was eure to get a 6tart there. It's A poor opening a young lawyer has in a little country town like this, he saye." " Bight enough there," assented tbefatmer, resuming his knife and fork and appetite. 11 We ain't so dishonest about here yet, that many folks can earn a living swearing blaok is white f or ns. He'll do a sight better ID that lying conntry where he's going. He's a smart enough fellow too, is Aaron. Give him* start, and he'll sot come in with the hindmost." " Well, I am took back," said Mrs. Perkins slowly, quite forgetting to spread her bread in her surprise, absent}/, eating, the buft^r In little lumpe'oS the end of her fecife, sfflf test ing it. " I can't eeem to settle down to it. Who'd have thought he'd go off so sudden, for all the world like a rooket before the match is set to it 1 And when is ho coming back to fetch you, Hilary ? " " He is not aoming back." "Not ever?" "No." The girl answered steadily enough, but her eyes fell. " Hilary," said Mrs Perkins solemnly, lean ing forward to look at her, with both elbows on the table, " yon don't mean you're been keeping oompany with Aaron Johns this twelvemonth back, lot him to give jou the go-bye like that in the end ? " " There isn't any go-by about it," replied Hilary qoiokly, a hot crimsoa spot com tag to eaoh ohcek. .. We've broken with each other -that's all. He wanted me to go with him, and 1 wouldn't. How could I leave aunt, when she's only me in all the world to stay by her and close her eyes deoently when ehs dies ? " " Come, come," said Mrs. Perkins sympa thetically. " I don't know as your ohuroh is stricter than ours, though it's trae Episcopate have qoeer notions; bat .1 do think there oughtn't any religion to expect a young girl to let go so likely a fellow as Aaron, and tie herself down to a half-dead body like yon poor, unknowing creature upstairs, that oan't tell porridge from cider." "I don't tie myself to her," Hilary an swered, ",Ood tied ae to her when he left ns two all alone in the world, and I can't un do a duty of God'e making." . There was silenoe for a time, during whioh Mre. Perkins gaged fixedly at the ^ri, oeo* sionally giving some tempting dish an abrupt push in her direction, and once.going to .the pantry to out off a alice of particularly sno oesafal election cake, whioh ahe silently put on Hilary's plate, as if wishing to ottsr euah alleviations of destiny as were in her power.' "Don'tyon feel bad, Hilary*?'' the brrirf quely asked, at last. " Very true, my dear," said Mrf. ParMns approvingly, considerably cheered by the an ewer. " That's the only proper way to take afflictions. That's jaet what I said myself when the blaok hen wouldn't eet, and all the egge went addled. And I dare say there'll be some other young man along ail as good as Aaron, and a stay-at-home besides. There's Nathan Taylor, now. He's none so bad when you get need to his eqnint. Oh, you needn't think you've had yonrlafet ohanoe yet, Hilary. There's many a hook slip a a fish that lands its sccond easy. Hilary shivered ever so slightly. " There'll never be any one else for me, Mrs. Perkins. Don't let's talk about it. Are you going to look over those currants to-night? Shall I help you 5" " Well, yes, if you like," answered the good woman briskly. "Foar hands is always better than two at a job, and there's nothing like picking over currants for diverting the mind. It's the moat distracting thing I know of. I set myself right to it the night after my little Jim was buried,and it oonsoled me wonderful. It was really providential that be died in currant- time. I'll fetch 'em right in." They all left the table together, and the farmer took np his etraw bat from the chair where he had thrown it npon entering, then tuned baok awkwardly to lay a heavy hand on Hilary's shoulder. " Hilary, my girl," he said kindly, " you're made of pretty deoent stuff. You'll do." By ten o'clock that night all apparent life had oeaBed in the little farm- house, fiavis in Hilary's room every light was oat, and all bat she were eunk in the dreamleBB sleep of the hard-working. But Hilary still eat by her aunt's bed, lost in thought and taking noliote of time. At last she rose, with the look of one who has oome to some solemn dboisiob, unci, going to a tall ehest of drawers that stood square and ungainly in a oorner of the room under the eloping roof, she took out B white muslin dress that h8d lain there undisturbed ainoe her first and only ball, and whioh was still very fresh and unrumpled. She' shook it qarefully out of its creases and laid it by while ehe aought for various other dainty articles of apparel,-her one pair of silk atookings and kid slippers, a white ribbon sash, a bit of rare old laoe,-and then, taking off her plain stuff dress, she prooeeded to make a fresh toilette from hoad to foot, even rebraiding her heavy masses of hair and arranging them in a way that suited her better. She stood at last fully dressed in the soft white muslin,-very fair, very bride-like. But something WBB still wanting. Brides wear veils. Ah, ahe mast borrow hers. That little Shetland ahawl, soft as epun Bilk and cobwebby as laoe, whioh had been her aunt's pride in bygone days,-what could better fit her need? With trembling hands she un folded it from its many wrappers and threw it over her head, fastening it deftly here and there to her shining bniie. It tell fleecy and light over her shoulders and floated far down over her drees. It waa the finishing touch. Surely all was complete now. lint no; did ever bride go to the altar without a flower upon her ? Hilary hesitated an instant, then gathering her white skirts closely around her,* with her long veil flung over one bara white arm, down she went, noiselessly as the ghost she seemed, to the tiny hall below. £be list ened anxiously. Had the creaking wooden stairs betrayed her ? There waa pfet a sound tadoors save the old elook ticking weariedly in the corner, where it atood like a sentinel at his post waiting to be relieved. Another step and she rc&ohed; tho front door, slid i>ack the bolt, lifted the latoh, and passed out into the dark and dew; garden. Het heart beat high as she stole softly down between tbe shrubberies. There was but moonlight enough to make the darkness visible, and to snow herself a misty white spot upon it, strange in the midst of strangeness, as if a oloud had fallen to earth and gathered a eemblanoe of human shape in falling; the rustling of the leaves was as so many faint spirit-voices asking in frightened whispers who and what she was that had thus oome among them; the tan felt cold and un accustomed beneath her feet; the air was damp and heavy with too eweet odors t bats flew low aoross her pathway with ngly, flap ping wings, and her ears tinged with a thou sand little sounds that eheseemBd never to have heart before. It was a gruesome hour for a girl to be out alone, but she kept eteadily on her way, down between tbe straight, stiff flower-beds. The lilaos were long Biriee done blooming, and the lilies and the syringes too. She thought of these last with a sigh; they would have been quite like orange- blossoms. There were plenty of white balsams and white phlox and oandytnft too, on -either side; bnt she passed them swiftly by, never pausing till the tome tt> the very end of the garden, where a white rose-bush, laden with hall- open buds, seemed to have bloomed purposely for this hour. Hilary broke off the flowers with hasty hands,-a few for her breast and a few for her hair wero all she needed,-and then, with an exultant thrill at her heart, 4be turned and retraced her steps through the filial moonlight and the mysterious shadows, that seemed to turn when she did, and to ehase her with gliding, dusky footsteps, «s though, loath io let to lair a vision go. \- But fte house was readied fa safety, the doors reolosed npon that strangely unfamiliar world of night outBide, and Hilary Btood onoe more in her rooqs before the glass, smiliqg a sad little smile of triumph at herself. Tea,'it" was -all complete now. There lacked -flothing: save only some one to say that she was fair. She glanced shyly at her own image, ashamed <tl her involuntaiy- pUosure* inita sweetness,, aha turning away went to the bed to bend down over the poor invalid, who was no far ther from her now deeping than waking, and eoftly kissed her forehead. "Aunt," she murmuredboneath her breath, " I take yob as my witness." The clock in the hall below struck eleven; the lamp began to flioker and turn dim; Hil ary saw she mast not delay. From some hidden nook that held her choicest treasures she took out a daguerreo - type and placed it open npon the table. It was the likeness o! . good-humored, {sturdy young fellow ol about three and twenty, with . beardless face and honest blue eyek, and big, awkward hands, brought into bold relief aguoet the uncomfortably fitting Sunday coat. It was not altogether admirable aa« work of art, bnt Hilary looked at it wtth'loving eyes as ehe fcnelt by the table, in her bridal dra peries, and opening her prayer-book laid her right hand npon the picture and repeated aloud in a grave, hashed voioe, firm with re solve and eweet with unutterable love: "I, Hilary, take thee, Aaron, to he my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, tor better tor worso, for rioher for poorer, in Bickness and In health, to love,' cherish, and to obey, 'till death ns do part, ac cording to God's holy ordinanoe; land thereto I give thee my troth. Tbe strange rite was not ended yet. Should die not too wear a marriage symbol npon her hand, like all women who have sworn this vow Y Still on her knees, Hilary teaahed out for a spool of yellow silk in ber basket, and, knotting a Blonder thread firmly about her wedding-finger, elijgped .over if a. little ring whiohene had heretofore always worn on the other hand. Now she felt wedded indeed, and bendtng forward she pressed her lbs against the unresponsive piotnred faoe, blushing all over hotly in eweet shame. .. . ... '' And so the weird midnight eercmonybami tp an end, and Hilary rose, folded np her fefedting garments bne by one and laid (hem tenderly away tor ever with the white roses that h&djsoaroelj; vet lost their dew, gaiornad the picture to its hiding-place, blew out the light, crept silently to ner couch, and lay there motionless as the sleeping figure in the bed beyond, botWiAi wide< bright eyes that refused to close, though all was so dark and still. From that night a new life began for Hil ary-a life unshared by any, Unknown to any, and of whioh tbe only outwatfi sign was that tiny silken thread tapbnlher finger, whiob ehe replaced as often ae jt-loosened or showed dim, and which, safely hidden aait was be neath tbe little ttnmper^ 'garnet ring, pro voked no manner of comment. - Or if oooa ?iosally it caught a curious eye, her simple answer-" It is only to remember something by"-was a quite sufficient explanation. But everything was changed'to her.from that night. She wore only the ribbons that ho best liked her in; every f new gown was ohoaen and fashioned wholly according to his taste. Every Christmas, every birthday, she worked him presents that none saw save the poor to whom she gave them in hie stead. 11 Aaron's handkerchiefs must be nearly worn out by now," she would say soberly to herself. " I must hem him some more.". Or-'"Aaron's shirts can surely hold no longer; I must make him another set. His wife must not neglect him." And the needy creaturcs who rooeived her gifts little knew what pure and perfect love had aided in their making. Once a year npon her wedding anniversary, as ehe called it in her thought!, she always made a little-feraf to mark out the day from its uneventful fellows. Was it not natural enough soma timos to call b few friends together i And nl one thought of notioing that on those occa sions ehe invariably wore a bunoh of white rosea at her breast. . And so the years went by. The poor .old aunt qui«tly slipped away altogether out Tit tbe life upon whioh ehe had so slight a hold; the farmer and his wile became old and in firm, and upon Hilary, who had grown to be more daughter than guest in the house, now devolved muoh of the real management of lbs homestead. But who, seeing the quiet, middle-aged woman moving methodically and prosaically about her work, Blurring no homely part of it, negleoting no wearisome detail, would have guessed that she hid suoh a bright fresh romanue in her heart,- and was glad ot it and comforted by it through all the lonely days, and through all the tedious oommonplaees of the monotonous routine? Aaron Johns had been heard of bnt once einoe he drove angrily away through the sun shine and the dost, never turning to look back at the girl who could so lightly let him go; and that onoe 'when Farmer Perkins brought home word from town that Aaron had gone on from Omaha to Denver, and settled thure, and had married a wife and was doing well. Hilary listened with ne deepening of eolour, no quickening ot her even pulres, but with a curious eeneB ttat Aaron had com mitted a crime, and that she was responsible for his sin. But even that feeling wore ofi soon, and Aaron remained her drenm husband still, her secret counsel in emergen cies, her daily dlreotor and helper and com forter, while she tried to think of him as keeping pace with time, and to imagine him every year with hair a little more gray, and eyes a little less blue, and obedn a little more sunken and furrowed. " I should knew him'' anywhere if I saw him," she otten sai^'to herBell. fjl cotoe&o; would not riasgiilM, me now i t>Ut ttyloVe has kept step with his' ohanges, and be could net have grown away from it." And bo the years slipped Boftly by, until one day Farmer Perkins returned from town bringing a wonderful bit of news with him. " Hilary," he said, aB he eat down, retting the palms ot both hands on his kneel, and looking solemnly at her over his spectacles, " Aaron Johns is baok. He's pieked np a tidy bit ot money .apd buried his wile ont then, and now he's ijbtne on . fist to see how tfce old plaoe looks. I told Mm he'd find you here the same as ever, only that the oldaunt was dead. He wanted to know special J1 she wis Uive itill. Ialwayaeaidhewaii a smart {allow, was Aaron. I knew he'd get on."? "You don't mean Aaron's biokl" Mrs. Perkins exolaimed, all In a flnttetof «xoite ment at onoe. " Now I shouldn't wonder it he'd really oome lor Hilary at lut, and here [she's been a-waiting ready to-bis hand *11 these years 1" * She went about all day as it atanned, and when at last word was brought her that Aaron was there and asking lor her, ehe went to meet him like one walking in a dream. " Ha will never know me,"< she-repeated to her self. " I have ohangedi and so ofcotuwfhie he; yet I (eel that I ehoold know' hitnjWJr where." ? ' And then she .heard A voloe saying heartily, " Why, she's positively not altered through all tbBse tfrenty years ! Hilary, lipoid ham known yon the r " '" i" ' ' "~ eyeaelft' taw a I her, a large, stout i bushy,'reMjrown wMskart, and not «trnnltla anywhere op all his round, good- humored faee; : Vf4i this Aaron ?Was It possible that this wu.be? ,Not a look, apt a tone, not1* gestdre' 'sedmed' bmillat; eveii his snllla saepipdstrange. ; ' Itoame upon her'like a shook and took May her fiftiftlv 8h« wmld'OBly gW* faimhsr band la eiiende. "Yes, the very, very «amel'' tie oried de i ligh^dln, Nothing is changed. JSp.pne ft changes. The wiiiie plaoe',' the feamthodse, ^e Batne pMpje.tIt,£ ^ietW^fcjfcWn baa beea Bleeping an enouDtea aeep. Then are so improvement®* no innotwm8> &o; Sowf^itfnWto have beoopf his «wn gjwiduithej. X oonld swear I «aw wrae olfhs' Yeryfcats in the street to-day that J saw-twenty yean ago. tt'i -«fo&l;£i83£fflfeasa perpetual newness ana stir and changs, to step back to some spot where time u at m standstill, «nd when'there Is MtUy nothing .new under thVtun."Should vouliave .known me,'Hilary?* Voihiva)task f «onld wMl you ty ah jibing hot the -old Aanie." " She bwn!lL*ny^other-beeabonta," said the taimer, patting b$t shonUn aflegttan ately. " Our Hilary -is HUairy'to'Wl'the townsfolk still, just -as «hi toaataluc gifting days." I T,iiirtJ "She has nevjr p^gro^ihatjjj^deya," said Aaron, lobtin# '^tbpleetod eraatttaa slim figure and gentle, lovKmHpMf',wwn* has stood more Btill with her ttum<*tthaay tbingelse. ^But I'm afraid you haWtojgOtteo She flushed deeply all over hardallaite pal* taoe. and her eyes droppedi' .* "No," she answered,Iharo'lioW' -Bdt bnt yon do not seem the same.'1! : ,; : inte his own plaoe. Ho was a lie# 'Aaron al together, not the old Aaira (HtoQltfxKliMM loved, and to whom fhe, had fawn: Sao fttthful through the years. She oouldnof nturito him. Hispresenoe wasabbnmagiia.nmkto her, as it his real and his always at war with each otbwU CMsAlton was too stout, Jpo, noisy, too"carsleas,!«ii4 in too exuberant good spirits. His clothes fitted him loo well, and she n and the fiinpoollat, abi ohain. And. he now, and won " _ simple nfeill oould fashion." Hewasveryl .very ple*wt| peftmd <wJm1) asVe wMt it was only that lis wuaot Aaron of her dreams, And when one evening, as he was bidding her good-bye, he came nearer and said, gently. .. Hilary, will yoa£0 Weet wUhUMttlristima when I go baok?" she trembled violently,'and oanght away bar. hand,. looking np at blm " Oh, Aaron, give*me time, give me time," she faltered. " I do not know,-I cannot nj, as die had sat there onoe so many years be fore, thinking it all over with a disquiet bsut. There was no helpWMjfami^tonsd'On'iho bed beside her now. There was abpcfeiMyno one to keep her baok-nothing.^ Item her from him. She had beentnAtonimilltMn years; ehe bad shut out all oth\ir Cmrefatun her heart beoatue of that lost Jove'cMiis; and now be bad bronght it bwktd hsrtW be hers, and here always, if .frits mold. How could ehe do else than reaohloutto hjm,the hand that she had giveiihlihMo bajliiy Weirs ago? She looked down at it)flnjjtnhgthe little gold thread nervously, Hist absipirt with that? Oould anyjthinityg nddil^ ring ever be dearer to herthu ihathMbeenf It would be like unsaying'itli bld TOW, like tasting off an old allegianoe, ^0 tiU this thread away. She went to'.herdeikand tobk the little daguerreotype fromite.bidlqgflMe. A faint odor of rose-leaves oliing to ft,,lue a tangible emanation from all the gentle aiad eweet assoeiations with whioh it had'fthridhed her life. A trsliquiiiiing sense ol peaoe stole over her as ehe looked down ;at tb4 dsar familiar taoe that had smiled ehangeletsly baok at her for so long.. Oh, thit was the real Aaron,-Mi* waethe Aartifi towhom^hehafl given her heart-this was the Aaron who had ^jjeen ^'Hh her tillto "h^d groiw ^irtgero^y. to him now, giving bersell away to that other , and different Aaronfwbo had ep boldly .eongj ii to cltdii herT ' " "x01i, no, -ao J" ehe t the phituie rtd ber hi paroxysm ol foolish tears; oannot-I cannot! Aaron, my dear bioture-love, you have been my all when I had no one else, and t will not. give you np. This new Aaron ie, not the eame. a'nilt i'tbdk htui in yotir plaw,' it would be like divoroing myeelf from you to marry him ; and'Iiahoqll mite ybni-«b, I1, sboiild Jaitt yoii tiul idied J * ' J -T . i And so, merely for sake of a dream whioh she oould not banish, Hilary sent her lover away onoe more, andetoed at thefnd ot,bu story as at the beginning, watohing him h he drove disoonsolately down the road, 1m0#ing that ehe should never see bin ajgain.' Bnl he turned this time to wave his .hand to ber in friendly farewell, feeling vaguely', perhaps, that she was right after all, ana, that the Hilary he loved would oiase to be the same transplanted to foreign toil.1 And when ho had disappeared and the dtutibad settled quietly down behind him, Hilary turned with a smilo on ber lips to re-enter the honie. Farmer l'erkins-diooil upOn thi ,threih5d, watching her somewhat anzioaHy.' She went up to him and l»id hot band Dpon his shoulder. "Aaron is going baok to; Den wr to-morrow," ehe said, still emiling. "And -I shall stay behind again." " Hilary, my girl," - -atid the old man earnestly " I've always said it, you'r made of pretty deoent stuQ, and"-he took oil his speotaoles and wiped them carefully-"and I think you'll do, Hilary-you'll do." Grace Dinio HUItfiela, t» the Ocntvry* 4^4=== 439, 