OUR MELBOURNE SPORTlNG LETTER (BY RATAPLAY.) October S. Caulfield week commences on Saturday, and will terminate a week fromn that date. Every preparation has been made by IMr Bond for the'reception of visitors, both country and intercolonial, so that on the score of comfort nothing will be wanting. Included in the rich programune are two evonts of more than passing interest to lo?rs of racing, as they serve as a key-note he more important events that eventuate a week or two later on at Flemnington. The first of these two important items marked for decision is the Great Foal Stakes, which, as its name implies, is restricted to two-year-olds. Since its inception in 1881 the stake has fallen to animals who, in after seasons, have made a name for themselves on the turf, such as Fryingpan, who opened his racing career in the Foal Stakes; then St. Lawrence, David, and last but not least Ringmaster, who defeatetl a strong field twelve months ago. The field this year is oomposesl of flyers from both Sydney and Adelaide who have already winning brackets opposite their names; and I fear very much that unless something in the ranks, at present unknown, comes to tile rescue, Victoria's prospect of retaining the valuable prize is a very poor one. Taking them in the order 6f merit, the South Australian candidate, Maeidelina, is entitled to firat notice. She is a powerfully built, and at the same time compact chestnut filly, by Neckersgat (sire of Newstead), from Meg Merrilies, who, in her day and generation on the turf, was a veritable flyer, but at the same time an arrant jade, and unworthy the confidence of even her own shadow. On more than one occasion, when her party planked on the dollars in real earnest, she sadly disappointed them, while at other times, when she was allowed to run for the stake only, she alnlost invariably won. Her daughter, tile subject of my remarks, holds an unbeaten certificate up to date, her brace of victories haling been accomplished in the land of her birth, and without the semblance of a strluggle. But whether she will race when pinched, or throw up the sponge, .as did her mother, has yet to he proven, and will probably be done soon Saturday. Next in order is the Sydney bred representative, Accme, by Chester from Princess Maude, and she is most appropriately named, being the acme of strength and good looks, yet one of the low sort. In colour Acme is a dark brown, and is owned by tlle Hoen. J. White, by whom she was bred. She made her bow on the turf in thie Richmond Stakes at tile late Spring Meeting of the Australian Jockey Clnub at Sydney, wherein site carried Sat. and fairly lost her field without ever being once extended, and such an impression did the performance make on the minids of all those who witnessed her gallop, that she imnme diately supplanted Maddelina in the quota. tions for the valuable Maribyrnong Plate. This is her only appearance in public, and, like Miaddellia, she has yet to show whether she be genuine metal or brass when the test is a crucial one. For my part I think she will be found composed of the right stuff, and I intend standing her in preference to the Adelaide filly. The Nun is another filly that can lay claim to a victory, she having won the Sapling Stakes at Flemington as late as Saturday last, and the way she spread eagled her field inspires us with a glimmer of hope that our visitors will not secure tile prize without a struggle. The Nun, I may mention, hails from the famous St. Albans Stable near Gcelong, and is by First King from Pilgritmaze. The rudiments of her education are being imparted to her by MIr. J. D. Roblrtson, at Kingston, where the great Coronet was prepared for the New market llandicap. Edith claims the honour of having won the first two-year-old race of the present season in Victoria, her victory being obtained at Geelong. Shite is by tile highly useful sire. Glorious, from Mangasna, and was purchased at Mr Mitchell's annoal sale of bloodl yearlings by Mr E. Weeks, and subsequently sold by that gentleman to her present owner, and is located with Denmark and Co., in Ciifney's stable, at Flemington. Edith is not without her admirers for the Foal Stakes, but I fancy she will lind the company just at little too warnm for her. Anita is the lifth filly in tile race that can claim a victory, she Ihaving run a dead heat with Lord Chancellor at the last Elsternwick meeting. Anita is a bright chestnut, rather on the pony side, hut a compactly put to gether little damsel, with a head as game as the proverbial bull-dog. She is by Neekers gat front La Kaine, the dam of Tyropean, who wvon the Newmarket Handicap in 1883. Anita gallops like a filly that will come at the right end of the tussle, and I shall not he the least surprised slould sthe carry Sir William Clarke's popular colours into a place, if not absolutely to the front. Of the colt dlivision, Manxman IL has a great private reputation, so has Iuuendo, who holds a winning bracket, but my inclinations are all in favour of the fair sex on this occa sion, and I shall look to Acme, Maddelina, and Anita to.till the three first positions. The Caulfield Guineas is hrimfull of inte rest, as it will introduce to our notice a candlidate who will, or at least shoull be entitled to respect for the V.1.C. Derby. Ia ISSI, tile Guineas were won by the Queensland horse, bWheatear, who was by the Stockwell horse Epigram, from Wheat sheaf. A year later the prize fell to the lot of Fryingpan, and twelve months after, that great and ismprovrig horse, Sardius (whose victory in the coming Melbourne Cup race is next to a moral), appropriated the stake. Last year tile South Australian fillies, San dat, Gratitude, and Ilenlse, filled tile three first places much to the delight of 1Mr Wil liam Blackler, who bred the trio. For the event under notic the t supporters of Monte Christo and Dunlop are about equal, but why, or wherefore, is one of those tutf mys teries that occasionally crop up. Look at it how I will, I cannot see Duulop witll a ghost of a show on paper, as Monte Christo has beaten him every timtle they met, and on one occasion e gave gae unlop a stone and defeated hitm with fully a hundredweight in hand. 'The adnirers of the Adelaide colt base their faith on Dunlop s defeat of Uralla in the All Age Stakes at thie last V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. Those, however, who saw that race will, I think agree with me that it was the reverse of a truly run one, for hiarlichl or rather Colley who rode him, and Ellis who guided Uralla, cut their own throats in the endeavour to wear each other down, the ultimate result being that Dunlop, who wtas nicely ridden by little Flanagan, gave the pair of them tie go-by at the distance post and won comfortably. But that perform ance is hardly good enough for me to for sake Ir White's colt in favour of )Dunlop. Respecting the work done 1y, and the con dition of each colt, there is not much to say. Monte Christo certainly looks on the big sile, and since his arrival at Flcmington has had tlle sweaters on more than once, and moreover strikes me as going somewhat short in his work. Dunlop has not been sent along as fast as might have been ex pected with the exception of once, and that was on Tuesday morning last, when he is reported to have done a mile in 2min. 4S see., with 8st 51h on his back, at four o'clock in the morning; but I do not believe he did it, and granting that lie did, I sam greatly averse to such tactics, for, althouglh supposed to be a clever move, it is in nine cases out of ten indlicative of a hidden desire to dspense with some of tile money which has been invested in wagers, or, more plainly speaking, that the horse is either broken in wind or danmtaged in litmb. I maiy be wrosng it msy arguments, buit I shall cer tainly stand by Monte Christo as against Dunlop. Remuss is doing very well at Brighlton undler the watechiful care of his owner, S. G. Cook, but there are some doubts about hIis starting, bit should hlie do so, thie mount will bie entrusted to Alec Robertsot, who was so successful last sea son with Mhalua, Ringwoodl and others. Mr Cook, I aui informeld, is very sanguine of his De)rby chlance witlh Ilemus, antd will probably reserve him for that event. At the tilne of writing bIoth Lady Claudia andi Suny Days are in tile stake, and the selected one will take a lot of beating. This brings me to the pony Ringmnaster, wrho played such havoc with his field ill tile miile race at Fleminglton on Saturdary last. Young James Wilson has got tile little fellow tlhoroughly well just at present, tand although sft 51bs looks a terrible crushecr for himn to carry, hle is so in domitahly game that I fully expect to see him get home first or seconad. His pedigree is jist to tmy liking, for le is by First Kiing (a great performer) froms Mischief,l by the Plremnier frosa Maid of the Mill, the latter Ibeing by lCory O'More, ly Irish Birdeatcher, etc., etc. Eagle Grange ihas arrived fromi Sydney and has taken up his quarters at Caulficld. He may be looked upon as a certain starter, bitt I am sceptical about Iris ability to overthrow Monte Christo. A filly that wrill perform very well is Juana, who last season displayed a rare torn of speed at Flemington. TheGoldsborough colt, Egbert, will probably form one of tihe field, unless sent for the Maiden Plate, in which case he is hardly likely to be saddled up a second timne. One or two others, too, of more or less repute may take part in thie contest, but the winner is I think, concealed in tile above imentioned candidates, and to occupy the three premier positions I shall stand by MONTE CHIRISTO, RINGMASTER, and DUN.LOs, who may possibly creep into a place, unless Juanna or Eagle Grange disap points him. Coroset and Coumnlotion are ill tile sJame| category as Newsctcad; supposed to be brokien down. I have nto doubts about the Derbly colt's being amiss, but, respectig the two Cup horses, there does not appear to In anything wcrong with them, as they are on the training tracks daily, and do work thlat no cripple coald accomplish. The owner of Coronet hass publicly notilied the witluraiwal of Las horse from the Caulfield Cup; his resson, so he states, is because lam Is been forestalled in tile market; tile statement, however, not only displays a painful ignor ance of the precariouts gamte of racing, but is tIle veriest bosh imaginable, as the horse had very few followers for the Caulfield Cup, and that few were hardly likely to influence his position in the mnarket. But it is truly re markable what trouble some people will go to in order to see their names in print. As a matter of fact 100 to 1 has been in offer against Coronet for the Caulfiel Cup for over a week, and surely that price is long enough for any owner who is desirous of snp porting lhis horse. Commotion's rumoured break-down may be traced to the fact that lie managed to tread on something hard when doing a fast gallop on Saturday last and slightly lamed himself, but he is all right again and goes as strong as ever he did in his life. Wagering during the present week has keen of an animated nature, very large sums having been staked on the result of the Caulfield Cup, which has proved to be a splendid betting race for the bookmakers. Velocipede, who is being trained at Caulfield by Bence, has at last crept into the position of first favorite at 1000 to 100, at which price his name has been written down to win a £10,000 stake. Lord Exeter and Hlelene tread closely on his heels at a couple of points less, then ib close order follow the South Australian trio, Gratitude, Lord Wil ton, and St. John. I have more than once mentioned that St. Johl would be destined to play a part in the Caulfield Cup, neither do I see any just reason for altering that opinion; on the contrary, I am more than ever convinced that hle will be slipped for the event; and what is more, readers, he will take a lot of heating. The Sydney horse, Tom Brown, has been quietly backed during the week by the right people, and with Mr E. M'CGrade in the saddle, will, no doubt run a great race. But the animal that has probably been backed for twice as much imoney as any other two in the race, is the beautiful filly, Gratitude. The commission about her was executed by Joe Thompson, who informed me on Monday. that lie has written dowvn her name to win his client £27,600, and to this amount must lie added the public support awarded her, which will reach something like another £10,000. Gratitude is a full sister to Hurricane, and is being trained at Flemington by II. B. Tothill, whose success would meet with general approval, as in addition to being a popular trainer, lie is one of the very few of our nineteenth cenutury horsey men who would scorn to do a dirty action of any kind. Can such words be spoken of all our public and private trainers ? 