Xlsternwick Park Races. One of the most successful meetings ever held at Elsternwick Park took place on St. Patrick's Day. The weather was beautifully fine, and the attendance was the largest ever seen on the course. Ton racing throngnout was Highly interesting, nearly every event resulting1 in a close contest at the flnish. Proceedings were initiated with the. Champion Trotting Stakes, which was appropriated by the favourite Honesty, who won both heats comfortably from Defiance. Ocista carried off the Shamrock Handicap, and Royal Maid landed the Hurdle Race, after a dose finish with Concord. The Adelaide filly, Delamia, was much fancied for the Selling Race, but she succumbed to Hopetoun, who was very determinedly ridden at the finish. Eight horses came to the post for the Steeplechase, Deceiver once more being entrusted with the confidence of backers. The uncertain grey was going particularly well when he unfortunately came down, and lost what appeared to be an excellent chance. A peculiar contretemps occurred at the fence in front of the grand stand. King John, who was in front, struck the obstacle heavily, throwing Butler, - his rider, on to his neck. Butler made a splendid recovery, and quickly regained his seat, amid loud cheers, but unfortunately for him, King John's bridle eei"" off. The horse continued on in the race, and negotiated two fences successfully. Butler, however, realising his helpless position, jumped off with safety at the back of the course, while the horse was at a gallop. The meeting concluded with the Elsternwick Park Gup, for which twelve out of the thirteen coloured on the card came to the post. Meteor was at first served up a very warm favourite, but bis position was only transient, as the real Simon Pure of the Btable turned out to be Alphabet, who was extensively supported down to 3 to 1, while Meteor receded to outside prices. Lavington made most of the running, but he retired beaten at the entrance to the straight, where Moore brought Alphabet through, and won a good race by half a length from Marie Louise. The following are the details of the racing : — Champion Stakes (trot), of 100 sovs. Free for all. One mile heats. Best two in thr66« Messrs MlUer and Cturnow'fl dh h Honesty, by Priam — Chieftain, aged Barr 1 1 Mr F. Robbins's b g Defiance, aged .. Brooks 2 2 Mr A. Mulholland ns b g Little Dick, aged Mulholland S 3 Betting: 7 to 4 agst Honesty, 5 to 2 agst Defiance, 3 to 1 agst Little Dick. First Heat.— On the signal being given, Defiance went to the front, and took the pole, the favourite and Little Dick, running together, next. Along the back Defiance maintained his position, but as they neared the three- quarter pole Honesty made his effort and leaving Little Dick some distance in the rear, got on terms with the gelding, and going in good form, won comfortably by about a couple of lengths. Little Dick was a poor third. Time, 3min. 35Jsec. ,. . .. Second Heat.— Defiance went to the front at the start, and was again indulged with the lead until reaching the three-quarter pole, where Honesty passed him, and though the favourite broke frequently in the run home, he won easily, Little Dick again being third. Time, 3min, 36fsec. Shamrock Handicap, of 50 sovs. J ive furlongs. Mr J. Whittineham's ch f O nsta, by Argus Scandal \- Atalanta, 2 yrs, flst .. - - Uuy Mr D. S. Wallace's g f Duenna, 4 yre, 8st 8lb0,Brf 2 Mr a H. T/Harfc e o f Gymkhana, 4 yre, 78131 Mr" A. SumiAertbg The Ace. 6 yj re, Sst 4lb q Mr A. Saqui's h g" Squireen, 6 yre, 0 Mr K. W. Mlia's chc Manfred, 8 yrs, 7® 0 MrH. Haines's b c Berkeley, 8 yw, 7st . . £ waUow 0 Mr W. Langley'e br m Mary, 6 yre, Art 0 Mr J. G. Beid's ch f Bonny BelI, 2 yre, flet » Q Mr 8. Wahotrt br f Brella. 2 yrs, 6st 8!-llP|toD 0 Mr H. K Ken's b f Mountain Lass, 2 yre, ,, M » » " " Betting : 3 to 1 agst Duenna. 4 to 1 each get Gymkhana, Berkeley, and Ocista. The ooloure of Mountain Lass were most conspicuous at the start, but when the lot were fairly set going, Gymkhana, momentarily held command, relinquished it to Ocista. who. soon established a long lead, and entered the straight well in front of b r fie'd. Below the distance. Duenna and Gymkhana shot out from the ruck, and though OciBta began to tire in the run home, she held her advantage to the end, winning comfortably by a length and a half from Duenna. Gymkhana was third, Berkeley next. Time, lmin. 5£sec. Erin Hurdle Race, of 75 sovs. One mile and five furlongs. The second horse to receive 10 sovb. out of the stake. M< T. Boucher's ch m Royal Maid (late Sally), by Kingdom. 6 y s, llet 51b .. Fergarson 1 Mr P. Kelly's b g Concord, aged, 9;t 121b .. Butler 2 Mr H. Connolly ns ch g Angler, aged, lost 21b j . .. .. .. Gardiner 3 Mr E. Evans's b h Vanguard, 6 yre, ll»t 71b m . . .. ... m M'Leod 0 Mr h. Lhituey'a br g Sundowner, aged, list 3lb — — .. .. Cbastoo 0 Mr G. Pyere's ch g Fusilier, 6 yre, lOst 101b » Munro 0 Mr A Johnstone's g m Sunshine, 6 yrs, 9sc 81b Aspinall 0 Betting : 2 to 1 agst Sundowner, 5 to 2 agst Vanguard, 3 to 1 agst Royal Maid. Snfldnvnor mo/io nlav avav fKa fine f where Sunshine came down. The favourite maintained his position past the Btand and along the back, but rounding the turn Royal Maid forged ahead, and Concord and Angler made a forward move. Entering the straight the favourite retired beaten, and a good race home ensued between Concord and Royal Maid, the latter gaining the victory by a neck. Angler was third. Time, 3min. 12sec. Selling Race, of 50 sovs. Half a mile. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for £125. 71b. allowed for every reduction of £25 in selling price. Mr J. Crlpps's ch g Hrpetoun, 4 vis, by Proto- Martyr— Princess, £25, flst lllb .. Brown 1 Mr W. A. Filgate'8 ch f Delamia, 2 yre, £125, flst 131b .. — .. „ .. Weazel 2 Mr A. G. Webb's b g Babecia 5 yre, £50, 7st 4lb — ...... Bruce 3 Mr T. Jones's ch g Primus, 6 yrs, £60, 7st41b — .. u . . Blair 0 Mr R. Phillips's b h Chaudos, 4 yrs (nil) — .. .. .. Johnston 0 Mr J. Dwyer's br g Bourbon, 3 yre, £25, flst 51b F. Barr 0 Mr J. Whittiogham's Acbmet, 2 yre, £75, flst 21b .. Guy 0 Mr M. Jacobs's ch o Hartington, 2 yrs, £50, 5st 91b — — .. .. .. Redfern 0 Betting : 6 to 4agst Delamia, 3 to 1 each agst Primus and Hopetoun. Delamia made the running until a few lengths of the winning post, wh re Hopetoun came with a well-timed rush, and beat ner by a neck. Babecia was a good third, and ' Bourbon last. Time, 53sec. St. Patrick Steeplechase, of 75 sovs. About two miles. Second horse to receive 10 bovs. out of the stake. Mr T. Jones's br g Sai dstickor, by Lucifer colt, aged, 9st 71b .. _ .. Fergusson 1 Mr A. R. Johnson ns b g Our Boy, aged, lOst 81b Floyd 2 Mr J. Dayer's ch g Mare, 6 yre, lOst . . M'Leod 8 Mr R. Batty's g or ro g Deceiver, aged, list 101b Battv 0 Mr T. Boucher's br g Fire King, aged, lOst .. wall 0 Cr W. A. Monties' g g Hector, aged, 9st 7lb \- .. .. Harden 0 Mr J G. Reid's ch g Clifton, aged, 9st 71b . . Munro 0 Mr T. Watson's b g King John, aged, Sst 71b — » . — .. Butler 0 Betting: 7 to 4 agBt Deceiver, 2 to 1 agst Our Boy, 4 to 1 agst Tandstickor. Our Boy took up the running at the Btart, and showed the way over the first fence, where Clifton came down. At the obstacle in front of the stand King John, who was running in front with Our Boy, struck heavily, throwing his rider out on his neck. Butler quickly got into the saddle again, but unfortunately the bridle came off in the contretemps. King John continued on, however, and cleared two of the fences before Butler threw himself from the saddle. At the fence at the turn Hector baulked. Along the back Onr Boy'was eased, and Tandstickor assumed the lead, Deceiver being third, and Mars next. Our Boy came again at the turn, and led past the stand the Becondtime, with Deceiver, pulling double, next, and Tandstickor close up, Fire King, being out paced, . last. At the fence at the back the favourite fell. Tandstickor then tackled Our Boy, and the pair raced together over the succeeding obstacles. Entering the straight Our Boy got the inside running, and anneared to have the advantage, hut below the distance Tandstickor drew level with him. A great race ensued up the straight, resulting in victory for Tandstickor by a neck only. Mars was third, Dece . next, and Fire King last. Time, 4min. 38sec. Elsternwick Park Cup and Mount Mace- don Tropht, of 200 sovs., and a trophy valued 50 guineas, presented by Messrs. P. G. Dixon and Co. ; second horse to receive receive 30 sovs., and the third 15 sovs. out of the stake. One mile and a furlong and a half. Mr. James Wilson's (jua.) b g Alphabet, by Marl- byrnong— Q.E.D., 4,yre, 7st 71b .. Moore 1 Mr. S. G. Cook's b f Marie Louise, 8 yre, flst 91b (in cluding 71b penalty) .. .. Swaneou 2 Mr. T Jones's br c The Bohemian, 8 yre, 7st, Blair 3 Mr. J G. Reid's ch m Grace Darling, 5 yre, 9st 3 b (including 71b penaltv) .. O'Rrien 0 Mr. J. G. Reid s ch g The Ghost, aged. Set 71b Williams 0 Mr. J. Whittingham'8 ch h Ironmaster, 5 yre. Ssd .. .. .. .. .. Gardiner 0 Mr. R. Phillips's b or br f Amelia Victoria, 4 yre, 8st .. .. .. .. Power 0 Mr. James Wilson's (jun.) b o Meteor, 4 yrs, 7st 81b .. .. .. .. HutchinoO Mr. 0. W. Bowman's brc Lavington, 3 yre, 7st 51b 0 .. . - .. Weazel 0 Mr. L Foulsham's ch c Salvo, 3 yre, 7st lib, Doherty 0 Mr. F. Henty's br o Gohanna, 3 yrs, flst 101b Cracknell 0 Mr. J. Simton's oh c Yellow Hammer 4 yre. flst . . G. Johnston 0 Betting : 3 to 1 agst Alphabet, 4 to 1 agst Grace Darling, 6 to 1 agst each Amelia Vic toria and Gohanna, 7 to 1 (at first 2 to 1 agst Meteor, 10 to 1 agst The Ghost, 12 to 1 agst DttiVU. A splendid start was effected, the colours of Lavington and Grace Darling being the first to show in advance. Lavington maintained his advantage past the stand, followed in order by Marie Louise, Ironmaster, Grace Darling, Alphabet, and Amelia Victoria, Yellow Hammer acting as whipper-in. Along the back Lavington was still in front, and the field closed up somewhat as they rounded the turn ; be was the first to enter the straight. Below the distance Marie Louise shot to the front, bat Moore brought Alphabet up at the end of the carriage paddock, and keeping him going, won cleverly by half a length. Bohemian was third, Meteor fourth, Gohanna fifth, and Yellow Hammer last. Time, 2min. 6sec. 