A Lively Five Minutes. Shut up with a mad Dos, A Hair-breadth Escape. A correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette writes :—" We are told every day that • troth is stranger than fiction;' and that this is so is again shown by the following facts, which I narrate as nearly as possible in the words of the person (an assistant to a well-known veterinary surgeon) to whom the adventure occurred last week :—We had been having several cases of rabies at the surgery during the last month or two—more cases than usual; but, with the exception of one, they had all been brought in before the disease reached its most virulent stage, I am rather interested in the disease, and had been readingabout it; and, sitting in the surgery alone and quiet (but for a poor beast in the yard with rabiea which gave vent every now and then to the Hiamii howl peculiar to the disease), it was not particularly lively, and when my master (a veterinary surgeon) came in from his usual round I was not sorry. He went into the yard and inspected the patients as usual, ordering the collie with rabies to be killed at once, I attended to this, and, returning to the surgery, received orders to go to the Britannia public house, in Soho, and poison a large retriever belonging to the landlord. My master had seen the dog during his rounds, and found it in a dangerously rabid state. I filled a »"»»» bottle with hydrocyanic acid, and, taking a syringe, went off at once to see about it. Ar riving at the house I stated my business, and was handed over to the potboy to be conducted to the dog, which 1 could hear howling every few seconds. There being no yard to the house, they had chained the dog down in the cellar to a staple in the wall. ' '£'s a wery bad case, sir,' said my guide, ' an' I'll be glad when it's all over, for, although he waa a great pet with us all, and that fond of the kids you never see, it's awful to see him not know any of us; but when we goes near 'im to have 'im come allying at us. Think 'e'll suffer much ? 'Ear him ? All day long 'e 'owls like that.' I assured him it would soon be over, without much pain; and, descending some steps, we passed tlirough a room in the basement that was dimly lit by a small and grimy window. Cases of wines and spirits were ranged against the walls, and we could hear the tramp of the thickly-shod customers in the bar or taproom just above our heads. Opening a door, we p»md into another room; this was lighted only by the small window in the room we had just left, as it shone through the now open door. * He's in there,' said the potboy, pointing to another door in the wall opposite. Thinking there was a window in the room, I pushed the door open, and immediately heard the rattle of a chain, and the hoarse half-howl, half-growl of the poor beast, whose eyes I could see against the far wall, gleaming through the dark. Win dow there was none. ' Why on earth didn't you bring a lightf I asked angrily; 'you don't suppose I can poison him in the dark V ' Thought I 'ad a match,' said the man, fumb ling in his pockets; ' there's a gas-jet the door.' I had no matches, so I sent him upstairs to get some, and, awaiting his return, sat down on an empty keg near the door. The dog seemed uneasy, and fancying the light through the doorway annoyed and distressed him, I pushed it to with my hand. The man was some time gone (I found afterwards hs had been to ask his mistress if she would Him to have a last look at the old dog), and I sat there thinking over the notes 1 had been reading in the surgery. The air of the cellar was close, and the smell of the wet sawdust on the floor was most unpleasant. Clank went the dog's chain against the wall or the floor as he moved uneasily about, wondering, I dare Bay, what was my errand there. The movement ceased for a time, or partly absorbed in my thoughts, I failed to notice it. The next minute I started, feeling something rub against my leg. Looking down, I saw two glaring eyes just at my knee. The dog was loose, the staple having worked its way out of the damp and yielding mortar. For a second or two I nearly lost consciousness. My heart seemed to stand still; but by an effort I kept from going off into a faint. I shall never forget tne next few minutes as long as I live. I was alone in the dark, with this rabid beast rubbing about my legs, first one and then the other, as if he were trying to find out who I was. Then he rested his nose on my knees and looked straight np into my face. I sat like a statue, knowing that at the slightest movement he would pro bably seize me, and knowing (who better?) that such a bite in hiB advanced state of disease was almost certain death, and a horrible death too. Nerving myself, I sat perfectly still, calculating as well as I could my chances of escape. Presently the dog pot first one paw then the other on my knee, and, standing on his hind legs, gently robbed his nose against my breast, then over my arms, and then commenced to explore my face. I shut my eyes, and felt his nose pass several times across my face, covering it with saliva. Yet I dared not move. I expected every In stant he would seize me; the very beating of my heart might disturb and annoy him; ami I felt that come what might I must fling him off and make a dash for the door. Suddenly he coned rubbing against me, and appeared to be listen ing., He could hear the steps of the potboy descending the ladder. I also could hear it, and knew not whether to call to him or keep silent. The dog now dropped down to my knees again, still listening; andas the light of a candle streamed, through the crevicee of the badly-fitting door he crept into the [far corner of the cellar, evidently dreading being put upon the chain again. Then I made a dash at the door, swungit open, and, bangingittobehindms, sank more dead than alive on a case near the wall. Seeing my state, the man brought me quickly a nip of brandy, and I pulled myself together. All this time the dog was growling furiously on the other side of the door, apa tearing at it in his mad endeavor to get at as. Steadying myself as well as I could, ! plaoed »> the light on a pile of cases, and filling my syringe with acid opened the door about 2 inches. As I expected tne infuriated beast rushed at the opening ; as he did sol discharged the oontenta of the syringe into his open month. In a few seconds all was over. When I went upstairs I found my trousers, vest, coat, hands, and hw covered withsaliva from his month. I felt side and faint, and looked—so the people said white as a ghost; in fact, I could nattily stand. The dog I had killed was bitten by the mad dog that ran down Piccadilly some three weeks since, and had only showed symptoms of madness during the last few days." 