&E;&JPJE3Z; JLN1J SALT. [By Qohhtokc.] An enlightened eon of Ham, who has re cently returned from Kimlwrley, where he has been employed for some time in following sheep, was asked the other day how he liked the place, and how the climate agreed with him. etc. " Ob, very good place, dat," replied the dandy nigger, in an off-faandish, dashing style. •' Take um out sheep 'bout daylight, an' fetch um in 'bout ten o'clook, and then tako um out in de afternoon; and fetch um back 'bout dark. Oh, yes, dat'sa Tery good place." Upon being ^further interrogated as to who were the best suited to4be climate, and who could endure the most fatigue,'white or black, this worthy reprcKcntatiyc of the "fallen race" quietly and calmly, and with all the assurance imaginable, reiormd : *■ Oh 1 white fellarbefry near as good us black-fellow, down Kimberley. Well, dati6, if he behaves himself 1" Ghost of Moses land has the black man takcp tho reins at last f The worthy scribbler, whose interesting effu sions are chained to the signature of;' Bucolic, now and again delights his readers with a de tailed account of the management of some body's farm, bow many lambs are dropped (each year, what the qjigs 'arc' fed upon, how much whyat israisbdto tbe'acie, at.d dwelling in delightedjeytn*-yipon the enormous average of they hay cop. . Now. wore our furmeia every now and tiueti furnished with some par ticulars with reference to the internal working of a firitiClaBs, model fawn, they Would doubt less feel grateful jo " Mr. Bucolic,"' • -but when he lets out in advei li^aient style, shouting the praises of some, patent piece of machinery, then bis writings become dull and insipid. It is hard indeed now-a-<ia\6'to tell yhediSeicnca between advcrJisenrente and iie*varVs1 hey are jumbled into one confused' heap. *■ Bucolic" undoubtedly knows all about the subject upon which Le writes, but he-should be careful not to tire hie readers with the puffing "of ona particular piece "of machinery, when "he is perfectly well aware that there are others equally deserving of some attention. In Carlton,- Victoria, fso saya the Sydney SulUtin) the latest London system of having a eoiistable stationed at a fixed point day and night has been adopted. All that is repaired to keep a constable at a fixed point by day is to provide him with achair,'a newspaper, and a gallon if beer, and tell him thefe's a man being murdefed in the next street. And all that is necessary to anchor him at night is for the Master and Missus to go to bed, so as to enable Jemima Ann to "eat the 'ash for Robert, whilst be squattyvoub down near the stove, And sings:— "-tjhure, it's no -oaatiher what y' do, -For if ye tip-til oian in blue, «Kaix,he'll always pall you through, •Will a Miaabir av th" Foorce. " But, though job way fall the ditch in, Into grub in some mail's kit chin You can bet that he's a pitchin', Loike a/Mtthbirav th' Foorce. For, wid cooky kapin'senthry, ; He foinds euthry to the panthry ; Oehl the fastist fa lin' gintry ATcthe/Mimbira av th' Foorce, " Then may his shadow ne'er decraiee, Nor the shmoile lave hi* darlin's faice, . Till on his knee she'll proudly place , A young Mitobir. av th* Foorce. " Musha,'Nee-yagh'b'h. Och hone l': How gratifying it whs:to dind with what promptness/people flocked to the scene of the fire at ftlr. ■Davis's residence the other day. Eager and'restly hands were willing to afford all.p&a;^lhle aid to prevent property being des troyed, each one doing his.best to rescue what ever he could from the burning mass, and yet amid all this display of kindly human feeling, how sad it is to find one, yes, but one solitary exception to the rule. A well-known indivi dual, who was in town on the day in question, was" resting, Nero-like, in sublime unconcern edness in his spring trap outside one of our pi ices pt bnsine- s, waiting for some member of his family, who wasengagea in doing a little shopping. When it is considered that the scene of"the fire was something like a mile and a half from this place of business, there was nothing outlandish in the request of some persons who were standing near to be allowed the pse of the trap and horse, to <u?nvcy them to the fire, upon the assurance that they would return the 'vehicle by one of their number upon flick- arrival there. Rut on, this creditable spucttneii of htunun kiml. m tones in which ignoivance and impudence were the predomi nant characteristics, stoutly refused lodo^ny •thingof dim-kind. Cum-eqaintly, those'who had so gallantly volunteered to go tQ bbe fire, had ro proceed there on foot. It were better to allow property to be laid waste and devas tated than to take the win! out of n horse. /So dictated the keen and expansive reasoning powers of this kindly-di6posed and indeed <Jliristian-like sp .cinien of the sons df Adam. Would it be prudent to tiring his conduct in ■this matter under the notice of the Society fur the prevention of cruelty to Dumb Ammalef 