HOWARD. ['FROM our own correspondent. 1 June 8 Mb Sheridan, M.L.A., satisfactorily wired to the chairman of the diamond drill committee, Howard, 'Will gladly assist vour eflorts to obtain diamond drill.' Mr. Smyth, M.Jj.A., lias written thus':— The proper per. torn (the italics are mine) to push your claims are Messrs Mellor and Bailey, yoar members. It would be out of place ou my part to write to the Minister ou a matter affecting another electorate. When 1 go to .Bris bane I would go with your members and support your claims to get a drill pro vided, but if to test private property, the owners should pay for the working of it. Mr Annear, M.L.A.' writes re promise of Minister to place and work a diamond drill on the Burrum coalfield I shall be glad to co-operate with the other members and do all I can to indrce tbe government to do what is required. Mr T. Adair, of Maryborough, is offer ing a complete diamond drill with all the latest appliances, for sale for £1200. Could not Maryborough persuade the Government to purchase it, so that there would be no delay in having the pro mised bores put down on Goveument land ? The cost of boring in Victoria is sa'dtobe eight shilliu^s per foot. I would say let the Government also bore in private land, and charge for each bore four shillings per foot, even if the boring cost the Government as high as 12s. Let the bores be put down at that price to a maximum depth of 600 feet each. Each bore would cost the owner of the lard £120. If the land required two bores, £240 and so on. The Governir ent wou'd be paid over aru over agaiu , uibl iu iuo greatly increased value oftheirown land, of which they hold at least ten acres to every one alierated, aud in the railway traffic returns and settlement generally ou the coal field and its port or ports. There is not a soul in Wide Bay who is not more or less interested in developing these lands. Is Maryborough so helpless that she cannot squeeze a paltry £5000 or £6000 out of the Government for such a grand and productive purpose ? As to the idea that the Government should charge the whole cost of boring against private ownere, it would per haps be fair enough if they were the only persons benefitted, but it is not so. The land belonging to Mr. Robertson, Mr. Walsh, and the Queensland Colliery Company (once the sole property of Messrs. Howard, Whitley and Woodrow) would actually be benefited if no other coal land was opened up. They would have a monopoly. There is a general feeling that the field should be thor oughly tested, aud to do it bores must be placed both on the Crown and private lands, and every bore put down on the latter will add to the value of the Go vernment lauds. Those lands at present are as a white elephant— no good to any one. A system of boring, however, will probably prove them to be of immense value, muuB wluuli wm w awogu ^ royalty for generations and never sold. Would that not repay the cost of a few bores ? To charge private owners the full cost of boring is out of all reason, and any one living in Maryborough or its representatives at any rate would bemad to indulge in such sentimentalism. The district contains valuable mineral cap able of raising this part of the colony into great importance, no matter whether it is obtained inside or outside private boundaries. Where would tiie grand colony of Victoria be to-day if she went in such narrow gutted lines? Deep shafts are to be sunk, heavily subsidised by the Government, on our goldfields. Who will benefit from the discoveries in those shafts ? The answer is, its proprie tors, but they will be proving ground outside their boundaries. That would be exactly the position of a diamond bore on a private block, in a much more extended sense. Put them any way you like, objections to the complete exploration of this coalfield by the diamond drill on any land, be it in tbe Queen s or not, will not liold water. If it was all private land instead of being to such a large extent tbe property of the State, the case would be different. If any man can sbow me bow tbe Government will loose one farthing, or in other words bow the taxpayers of this colony will loose one by boring through this coalfield on public and private lands alike, I will shut up on tbe question for ever. But I contend this cannot be shown, anyone who has a ghost of knowledge about coal beds, their extent , and changes below, must not only know how a complete survey would be in valuable, but that the chief value would accrue to the taxpayer who provided tbe little assistance required to produce that value. Prove this field to be capable of supplying unlimited shipping coal, and what would be the result u) Marybo rough—or to Queensland? If some pri vate individual made a fortune through tliis, would it hurt anyone ? Would this field be in debt to Queensland, or Queens land in debt to it ? Which ? Mr. Rands, Government Geologist, having examined f.hia field as far as Cherwell Creek, is now camped on the Isis river to examine the coal measures there. This very important survey is doubly important now that we are expecting a government diamond drill. In fact Mr. Rands' sur vey would be but of little practical use without the drill. When the geological report of the Burrum coalfield is given to the world, I say let it be such one that practical men with £ s. d. can, in a busi ness way, understand it. To be merely told that we have a large and rich coal field accordiog to scientific reading, were but a 11 twice told tale.' It is thus far beyond question — not a shillings value 'will be added to the large area still in the hands of the Government until the ?diamond drill gives us practical proof where to sink, how deep, and what will actually be found. Then will the estate be of enormous value. ? 