A RAILWAY GHOST- , As there is a ghost in this story, nccordu^g to iffl-estabhshed j-rules iit ^ught i to >comm Snce With' once upon a 'time," but as I atn-samewhat of an iconoclast, not-even snob aanerable figureof speech can-escape annihaabon at my hands. L°t me "bs cxactm chronology st least I: had ieen hastily summoned -fKan Cornwallip thebedaideof awealihyold unolefromiwlaom viormed me .that'ha,could ; not:,«urvive:1iis:pie^ , Sent attack of gout, I thought it might-be-as well for me io De " in at the death," and so one .foggy day in November. lS60j found me travelhng to; Ashbourne, & little,' out-of-theway place, where the old gentleman lived, Tncre. were bet few passengBM-'OB the aaui, and Iiadthecomfortof a-oarriage allto jnyself We stopped to coal at some little way: station,when - a passeijjer was iinmedly UBhered,ior rather ibangeJySnto my-comparw:: ment by the -conductor. \- The stranger was stall, thin, middle-agedmen, with a face lean and withered like a shrivelled apple. In a dress tight-fitting and of an ancient and Jaded black, he looked like a man-whorhadiun-veryinuchito seed, whiah; ofliis armsand- legSiObBervingihisclotlieB steamingvith the damp air,5 began to realize that it had suddehly beaonae very cold. "Quite a ebaage -in the Tveaiher," I iemarked -"Very^old to-night,is'it no.?" "Don'tieelthe cold myaeil Perhaps you would like "to change places with, me; ihere is , no draft here " I replied that I should he glad to do so if it did .not mconvemeEcQ - lum, and accixdingly we changed seats. It was cold, and no mistake. I must hive taken a .ohill, ior I Jolt .the ;col3 creeping- orcr ing: at my companion on :the ,opposite seat, oni whom the lamplight now shone Jail, I saw that Ins face was notsothai nor his ieutureseo withered as I at first supposed; and I ; must have madea mistake as to his age, ior he was by no means as old as I had previously, t judged How coldit was, to be 'sure I As I looked at -him, I noticed that ins aspect : s changedmomently—that~-Jie:waB::.growing: younger; that .the JimnMeg.m his iace were t filling out and smoothing down, and.that he VasgradaallybecomiEgliliesomeflBalhaa Been; befere. As h*i8 cheeka grew round and; i rnddy,.and.liiefiair.charigea:lrom..gray:to j hrownheforesjnyTery cyeSj-sHiecamoaierTOUs; 1 i andendeavonrfidtoory.ontjbnt jjouldfeot.-: 1 p ; wasparalyzed with thevcoia^e-cold ,that seemed? tomaka'my- hmbssrigidandienumb'.jny ; vitals, for I saw that the man sitting before me jrasao JoDger a straager^-no-mere friendor acquaintance—he had become me 1 i I.heldJop ®yhandsrt0itry:j;o:shut.iout ihei sight, And, as 1 did so, -so that they were withered, -and thin, and old. X pressed jthem to my -brow, to see if I jreir; dreaming, and jtound it shrivelled, and seamed, and puckered And then.1 knew that this itnan—this .fiend—^ had stolen my body, and jgiren me his iMdened with the disoovtry, I rose to my i feet—his .•feet-^which:todered -ibeneath;sme;'! :and^struckHwddlyiatvthe^iBionif»mysai«onS the other seat But Xionnd my arms, light Bfi ^apor, JoriheyipassedOTOr-fciB fcodjiswhic went throughtheinj'givuig.miBiheampreflBion. -of pain -It was % body of shadethat had been given me lor my own body "of flesh and ilood, -which this wretch haB aWilen 3By some -plaoes. ~ "Sorcerer—demon 1" J cned out, oply to iMia^atiBaqpniaiigwn&^nln^Ysa^Drf^ nice When I -Bawmjjseli sittiDg opposite: to me, coollyAddressmg me jnjny own voice, I could -no longer Ei*d|t fjny senses—if,; : ndeed, I had -any <ot thjm at«113eft of my et •osni ' '-t ' * •* i "-Dare Eay "you -thiak you aie speakiiv -loud now," he*said Janswerediyshonting lor thc.jjonductor as loudly as l oould ; *'Afc yop might call -» good, deal louUer* Shan Sthat Why, if the carnage 3f ere Jnll -ot; passengers they could noanorejiettrjyo 1 " jthan; jiheyaoiiiajflebsyop^SiBMO^itinvied^hucklHigl and screwing .my ^features 4ip nto<a Mdeonsly. knowing grin such .as J" conld never have 4nade-them «ssnme T-ou^sge.any^neiid,: fom isabod^ of 5 air, ft shadow, unsensible' ampalpahlo to all but myspjf, suat as it was to; a 1 ! but yon when I entered ibo carriage. You wish, p»rbaps, to know who I am. Well, two years ago to night I was a passenger "by this, jrain There~"n as a colhsiou with a stupid freight train, you sec, and toe result was that poke s«verol first passengers '•. were injured One of them; wbb—wjell, H'«> no use mincing matters— killed on the spot Qnte, eo It was X Yes, I am what yoq would call a ghost, al though we do not consider that ^ust the correct term among ourselves—we haye better word for it. Now I have told you what late, yon will, donbtlesE, like to know what I want Very .good, you shall eee" " The -ghost in my body then began to feel -an vmypookets,-from: which vhe drew outmy : meersehanm, which he filled from my pouch and lit with one of my matches. ,r Ah," ho proceeded, puffing like a steamcngine; ?f.you »moke^Kery good stufl-anatural •leaf :an Old Jndge;;:not«ibadinixture, though 1 preTcr alittleiGavendish withit myself. Sot at-all a bad body of yonrs, either," he went .on, eyeing the form in .which he was sitting; " not at all a baa body-, and it fits me to aT, iDnly alittle- Bhort in.the arms.- By the way, I fiid one ofyourfrontteetha little loose, so don'tgo »nd say I :did.that, when you come to yourself again, and yonr nose is a little long forme, .but I dare say it blows none the Tvorse for that." I shuddered -as'l Bhw him; ?take out my pocket-hatidkerchief and- use it on tbat cheriehecl orgail of mine. "Xes, I dare say now ybu feel the cold a little ; 1 did at-firBt, but it's nothing when you ^are nsefl/to -iti--I'find your body very warm —being heavier than -1 am accustomed to; wear; -but it won't bo for long.- I nqniro it: '^ositively for this night only,' r,s you saym :your play- biUfl; and will return it uninjured by the - timei'we get to; Ashbourne, i By the •bye, ] "let mo -beg-of you to bs a little careful how yon, throw~your arms about bo much as ycn dia 3Ustsaiow,-.for :my -body;is of=a more delicate construction than-yours ; «nd,bsing so thin in -substance, I am afraid you will chafe-it under the armipits.: Ibu.will-observe, ladies - and ' :^ntlemen'.;.: i he - went -on, lectnrer'B style, , " that if I take a lighted match and 'insert -it: in the corner of the patient's eye, he will feel no pain." Saymg ;this,.-my-dreadful companion-proceeded to illustrate his remark by .making a dive at my shadowy eye _ .with a. b urn mg match. -I certainly felt no jain as the match burned m: my head. "Yon-will allow, after all yon see, that my shape has its advantages," the ghost pro cceded; "but it.also has its disadvantages. 3;ry,:• the pipeatOKiV:^I tried, to take the pipe —it dropped through my vapory fingers. He; placed it in my mouth; I could not hold.it, •nor:^;et a-wbift Trom it. Precisely so," said tho glioet.- "Now, this is jusi what has •.brought, me.'herQ.-to=night: • A great smoker all my lite, domg my twdve pipes a day -regularly,- I-haveibeen defunct these two years, and .during -all - that time 1 haven't bad a smoke 1 Kot a blessed draw. I miss my .'baecaLdreadful.-' Ihere as a provision made lor smokers down-.with us,:yotr mil- undersiand; but =wo are governed by a Board of Directors whose general incapacity equals that of many of your city boards. There is a Btock of bodies kept for smokers, so ihat if yon want to «njoy a pipe you must go •intO iOne of the bodies to get it. Butif -you will beheva me,;the supply is .so notoriously insufficient to meet the demand that there is no chance whatever-for a new ghost ; to .get a smoke WhenIentered the society all the bodies were out m use, and hooked for ^three-years jn advanee.^: -Myname has been down on tho books ior two years, and there is no chancaTof my getting a body allotted to; me jor a twelvemonth. Fancy two years without a smoke f Why, sir the mcompe tence of our Board is something awful 1 -can only explain the reason why we put -up .With such grosB mismanagementm tho other world is because weha\e become so need to it an. this. • Our-constitutions;.:hoivever, are being nndeimmed to -that extent that ihe Boardhas-at length been* coerced by popular; feeling into passing - admeasure, empowering ghosts to Tender, themselves viaible to aaingle" individual at a time, in order that they may «fiect«: change of bodies ior short periods, al. ways with,the consent of the peraon^sn qaes: tion, ,for the purpose of indulging in- a; habit which the directors «ay - they -' cannot, how. ever, but characterize as pernicious and »n, ^unous/ '. George III. and George Washington, both members of (the Boara; opposed the measure;, they,' however, were left in-a ridicu lously small minority. Under this new act, I obtained your body." "You never had my consent, friend!"I: cried. \- " It is vulgar to call names, my friend;'! the' ghost :repliecl, smoothing my monataehe with my fingers, *' but you are trifling. I -aBked-yowto change places with me, and you Bgreed, as,:yon :mU8t: be well aware. . -But; dear jnei here we -are at Ashbourne, but, however* 1 must.finish my^ipe^hink of two years, ananota^lessedidraw/myfriendl" 