MURDER WILL OUT, CHAPTEE 111. THE MEETING AT THE EaILWAY STATION. When the hands of the little clock in Mar garet's sitting-raom pointed to five minutes be fore threo, Jameo Wentworth rose from his loung ing attitude in the easy-chair, and took his hat from a side-table. ' Are you going ont, father ?'' the girl asked. ' Yes, Madgo ; I'm going up to London. It don't do for me to ait otill too long. Bad thoughts oome fast enough at any time ; but they come fasfcoofc whence, fellow sits twirling his thumbs. Don't look so frightened, Madge ; I'm not going to do any harm. I'm only going to look about me. I may fall in with a bit of luck, perhaps ; no matter what, if it puts a few shillings into my pocket.' ' I'd rather you sfcayod at home, father dear,' Margaret said, gently. 'I dare say you would, child. But I tell you, 1 can't. I can't ait quiet thin afternoon. I've been talking of things that always seem to set my brain on fire. No harm shall come of my going away, girl ; I promise you that. The worst I shall do is to sifc in a tavern parlour, drink a glass of gin-and-water, and read the papers. There's no crime in that, is there, Madge P His daughter smiled an she tried to arrange the shabby velvet collar of his threadbare coat. ' Wo, father dear,' ahe said ; ' and I'm sure I always wish you to on joy yourself. But you'll flomo homo snnn. wnn't vnn ? ' ' What do you call ' aoon' my laso ? ' 'Before ten o'clock. My day's work will bo all over long before that, and I'll try and get something nice for yonr supper.' ' Very well, then, I'll bo back by ten o'clock to-night. There's my hand upon it.' He gave Margaret his hand, kissed her on both cheeks, took his cane from a come? of the room, and then went out. His daughter watched him from the open window as he walked up the narrow lane amongst the groups of children gathered every here and there upon the dusty pathway. ' Heaven have pity upon, and keop him from sin ! ' murmured Margaret Wentworth, clasping her hands, and with her eyes still following the retreating figure. James Wentworth jingled the money in hi3 waistcoat-pocket as he walked towards tho rail way station. He had very little ; a couple of sixpences and a few halfpence. Just about enough to pay for a second-class return ticket, and for his glaso of gin-and-water at a London tavern. He reached the station three minutes before the train was duo, and took his ticket. At half past three ho waa in London. But as he was an idle, purposeless man, with out friends to visit or money to 3pond, he waa in no hurry to leave the railway station. He hated solitude or quiet ; and hero in this crowded terminus there was life and bustle and variety enouch in all conscience ; and to be seen for nothing : go he strolled backwards and for wards upon the platform, watching the busy porters, the eager passengers to and fro, and meditating as to where he should spend the root of his afternoon. By-and-byo ho stood against a wooden pillar in a doorway, looking at tho caba, as, ono after another, they toro up to the station, and dis gorged thoir loads. Ho had witnessed the arrival of a great many different travellers, when his attention was sud denly arreated by a little old mau, wan and wizen and near-sighted, feeble-looking, but activo, who alighted from a cab, and gave hia small black loath er portmanteau into tho hands of a poster. This man v/ns Sampyon Wilmot, the old confi dential clerk in tho house of Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balderby. Jamea Wentworth followed tho old man and the porter. 'I wonder if it is he,' he muttered to himself ; ' there's a likeness — there's certainly a likeness. But it's so many years ago—so many yeara — I don't suppose I should know him. And yet this man recalls him to me somehow. £11 keep my eye upon tho old fellow at any rate? Sampson Wilmot had arrived at the station about ten minutes before the starting of the train. He asked some questions of the porter, and left his portmanteau in the man's care while he went to get his ticket. James Wentworth lingered behind, and con trived to look at the portmanteau. There was a label pasted on the lid, with an address, written ia a business-like hand— 'Mr. Sampson Wimiot, Passenger ro Southampton.' James Wentworth gave a long whistle. ' I thought as much,' he muttered ; ' 1 thought I couldn't be mistaken i ' He went into the ticket- office, where the clerk was standing amongst the crowd, waiting to take hi3 ticket. James Wentworth went up clone to him, and touched him lightly on tho shoulder. Sampson Wilmot turned and looked him full in the face. He looked, but there wan no ray of recognition in that look. 'Don't you want me, air P' lie asked, with rather a auspicious glance at the reprobate's shabby dress. 'Yes, Mr. Wilmott, I want to speak to you. You can coma into the waiting-room with me, after you've taken your ticket.' The clerk stared aghast. The tone of this shabby-looking stranger was almost one of com mand. ' I don't know you, my good air,' stammered Sampson ; ' I nover set eyes on you before ; and unless you are a messenger sent after me from the office, you must be under j\ mistake. You are a stranger to me.' ' 1 am no stranger, and 1 am no moMen^er !' answered the other. ' You've got your ticket ? That's all right ! Now you can coma with me.' He walked into n waiting-room, the hnlf glass doors of which opened out of the office. The room waa empty, for it only wanted five minutes to the starting of tho train, aad the passengers had hurried off to take their seats. James Wentworth. took off his hat, and brushed his rnmpled grey Iiair from his fore head. ' Put on your spectacles, Sampson Wilmot,' he said, ' and look hard at me, and then tell me if I am a stranger to you.' The old clerk obeyed, norvously, fearfully. Hia tremulous hands could scarcely adjust his spectacles. Ho looked at the reprobate's face for some momenta and oaid nothing. But hm breath came quicker and his face grew very pale. ' Ay,' said James Wentworth, ' look your hardest and deny me if you can. It will be only wise to deny me ; Tva no credit to any one — least of all to a steady respectable old chap like you !' ' Joseph !— Joseph !' gasped the old clerk ; 'is it you ? Is it really my wretched brother P I thought you were dead, Joseph — I thought you were dead and gone !' ' And wished it, I dare say !' the other answered bitterly. ' N'o, Joseph, — no !' cried Sampson Wilmot ; ' Heaven knows I never wished you ill. Heaven knows 1 was always sorry for you and could make excuses for you even when you sank lowest !' 'That's strange!' Joseph muttered, with a cneer ; 'that's very strange! If you were so precious fond of me, how was it that you stopped in the house of Dunbar and Dunbar ? If you had had one spark of natural affection for me, you could never have eaten their bread !' Sampson Wilmot shook his head sorrowfully. ' Don't be too hard upon me, Joseph,' he said, with mild reproachfulnes3 ; ' if 1 hadn't stopped at the banking-house, your mother might have starved !' The reprobate made no answer to this ; but he turnod hia face away and sitrhed. The bell rang for the starting of tho train. ' 1 must go,' Sampyon cried. ' Give me your addreso, and I will write to you.' ' Oh, yes, I dare say !' answered his brother, scornfully ; 'no, no, that won't do. I've found you, my rich respectable brother, and I'll stick to you. Where are you going P' 'To Southampton.' ' What for ?' ' To meet Henry Dunbar.' Joseph Wilrnot's face grew livid with rage. The change that came over it was so sudden and so awful its nature, that the old clerk started back as if he had seen a ghost. ' You are going to meet him P' oaid Jooeph, in a hoarse whisper ; ' he is in England then P' ' No ; but he is expected to arrive almost immediately. Why do you look like that, Joseph P' ' Why do I look like that P' crisd the younger man ; ' have you grown to bo ouch a mere machine, such a speaking automaton, such a living tool of the men you serve, that all human feeling has perished in your breast P Bah ! how should such as you understand what 1 feelp Hark ! tho bell's ringing— I'll corne with you.' The train was on the point of starting : the two men hurried out to the platform. ?'No, — no,' cried Sampson Wilmot, aa hi& brother stepped after him into tho carriage : ' no, — no, Joseph, don't come with me, — don't come with me !' ' 1 will go with you.' ' J3ut vou'vo no ticket.' 1 i can get one — or you can get me one, for I've no raonoy — at the h'rat station we stop at.' They wcro seated in a second-class railway carriage by this time. Tha ticket- collector, running i'vot'i car.viugo to carriage, was in too gi(M.\t a hurry to discover that tha little bit of pucteboaru which Joseph Wilmot exhibited was oi;Iy a return- ticket to Wandsworth. There was a brief scramble, a banging of doors, and Babel like confusion of tongues ; and then the engine gAvc its fare Wc- 11 shriek and rushed away, iV ' The oid clerk looked very uneasily at his younger brother's face. The' livid pallor had passed away, hut the strongly-marked eyebrows met in a dark frown. ' Joseph — Joseph !' said Sampson, ? Heaven only knows I'm glad to see you, after more than thirty years' separation, and any help 1 can give you out of my slender means I'll give freely — I will, indeed, Joseph, for the memory of our dear mother, if not for love of you, Joseph— 1 do love you very dearly still. But I'd rather you didn't take this journey with me— 1 would, indeed. 1 can't see that any gooil can come of it; ' Neveg you mind vrhat comes of it. I want to talk to you. You're a nice affectionate brother to wish to shuffle mo off directly after our first meeting. I want to talk to you., Samp son Wilmot. And I want to seo him. I know how the world's used me for the last five,.ind thirty years ; I want to see how the same world — such a just end merciful world as it is— has treated my temptor and betrayer, Henry Dunbar !' Sampson Wilmot trembled liko a leaf. Hia health had been very feeble ever sineo the second shock o£ paralysis — that dire and silent foe, whose invisible hand had stricken tho old man down as be sat at his deck, without one moment's warning. Hia health was feeble, and the shock of meeting with his brother — this poor lost disgraced brother — whom ho had for five and-twenty years believed to be dead, had been i almost too much for him. Nor was this all — unutterable terror took possession of him when ho thought or a meeting between Joseph Wil mot and Henry Dunbar. The old man could remember his brother's worda : ' Let him consider it a lucky escape, if, when we next meet, he gets off scot free !' Sampson Wilmot had prayed night and day that such a meeting might never take place. For five-and-thirty years it had been delayed. Surely it would not take place now. The old clerk looked nervously at his brother's face. ' Joseph,' he murmured, ' I'd rather you didn't go vrith me to Southampton ; I'd rather you didn't meet Mr. Dunbar. You were very badly treated -cruelly and unjustly treated— nobody knows that better than I. But it's a long time ago, Joseph — it's a very, very long time ago. Bitter feelings die out of a man's breast as the years roll by — don't they, Joseph P Time heals all old wounds, and we loarn to forgive other? as v/e hope to be forgiven —don't we, Joseph P' ' You may,' answered the reprobate, fiercely ; 1 I don't !' Ee said no more, but sac silent, with arms folded over his breast. He looked straight before him out of the car riage-window; butkesawno more of thepleasani landscape, — the fair fields of waving corn, with scarlet poppies anddeep-blue corn flowers, bright glimpses of sunlit water, and distant villages, with grey church-turrets, nestling among trees. He looked out of the carriage-windows), and some of earth's pleasantest picturos sped by him ; but he saw no more of that over-changing pros pect than if ho had been working at a blank sheet of paper. Sampson Wilmot sat opposite to him, restless and uneasy, watching his fierce gloomy counte nance. Tho clerk took a ticket for his brother at the first statioa the train stopped at. But still Joseph was silent. An hour passed by, and he had not yet spoken. He had no love for hio brother. The world had hardened him. The consequences of hin own sins, falling very heavily upon his head, had embittered his nature. He looked upon the man whom he had onco loved and trusted as the primary cause of his disgrace and misery, and this thought influenced his opinion of all mankind. He could not beliovo in the goodness of any man, remembering, as he did, how he had once trusted Henry Dunbar. The brothers were alone in the carriage. Sampson watched the gloomy face opposite to him for some time, and thon, with aweary sigh, ho drew his handkerchief over his face, «.nd sank bank in the corner of the carriage. But he did not sleep. He was agitated imu anxious. A dizzy faiutness had seized upon him, and there was a Btran«a buzzing in hia ears, and un wonted cloud3 before hia dim eyes. He tried to speak once or twice, but it seemed to him as if he was powerloss to form the worda that were m his mind. Then his mind began to grow confused. The hoarse snorting of the engine sounded monoto nously in his ears : growing louder and louder with every moment ; until the noise of it grew hideous and intolerable— a perpetual thunder, deafening, and bewildering him. Tho train was fast approaching Basin gstoke, when Joseph Wilmot was suddenly startled from his moody reverie. There was an awful car.se for that sudden start, that look of horror in the reprobate's fase. CHAPTEE IV. TEE STROKE 01' DEATH. The old clerk had fallen from his seat, and lay in a motionless heap at the bottom of the railway carriage. The third stroke of paralysis had come upon him ; inevitable, no doubt, long ago ; but hastened, it may be, by that unlooked-for meet ing at tho Waterloo terminus. Joseph Wilmot knelt bosido tho stricken man. He was a vagabond and an outcast, and scenos of horror were not now to him. Ho had seen death under many of its wor&fc; aspects, and the grim King of Terrors hud little terror for him. He was hardened, steeped in guilt, and callous as to the sufferings of others. The love which ho bore for his daughter was, perhaps, the last ray of feeling that yot lingered in this man's perverted nature. / ' But he did all he could, nevertheless,, for the un'cousciou8 old man. ' He loosened' his cravat, unfastened his waistcoat, and felt for the beat ing of his heart. i That heart did. beat: very fitfully, as if the old clerk s weary soul had. been making feeble struggles.to be released from its frail tabernacle of clay. ,--.'..:'?:?? ? ??? j ! ' Better, perhaps, if this should prove fatal, Jpseph muttered ; ' I should go on alone to meet Henry Dunbar.' , The train reached Basingstoke ; Joseph put his head out of the open window, and called ' loudly to a porter. The man came quickly, in answer to the im patient summons. ' My brother is in a fit,' Joseph cried ; ' help me to lift him out of the carriage, and then send some one for a doctor.' The unconscious form waa lifted out in the arms of the two strong men. Thoy earned it into tho waiting- room and laid it on a sofa. The bell rang, and the Southampton train rushed onward without tho two travellers. In another moment the whole station was in commotion. A gentleman had been seized with paralysis, and was dying. _The doctor arrived in less than ten minutes. ' Jio shook his head, after examining his patient. ' It's v, bad case,' said be ; ' very bad ; but we must do our bost. Is there anybody with this old gentleman P' 'Yes, sir,' tha porter answered, pointing to Joseph ; ' thia person is with him.' The country surgeon glanced rather suspici ously at Joseph Wilmot. He looked a vagabond, certainly— every inch a vagabond ; a reckless, dare-devil scoundrel, at war with society, and defiant of a world he hated. 'Are you— any— relation to this gentleman?' the doctor asked, hesitatingly. 'Yes, I am his brother.' ' I should recommend his being removed to the nearest hotel. I will send a woman to nurse him. Do you know if this is this first stroke he has ever had P' ' No, I do not.' The surgeon looked more suspicious than ever, after receiving this answer. ' Strange,' he said, ' that you, who say you aro his brother, should not be able to givo rno infor mation upon that point. Joseph Wilmot answered with an air of care lessness that was almost contemptuous : ' It is strange,' he said ; ' but many stranger things have happened in this world before now. My brother and I haven't met for years until we met to-day.' me unconscious man was removed from the railway station to an inn near at hand — a j humble, countrified place, but clean and orderly. Here he was taken to a bed-chamber, whose old fashioned latticed windows looked out upon the dusty road. The doctor did all that his skill could devise, but he could not restore consciousness to the paralyzed brain. The soul had gone already. The body lay, a form of motionless and senseless clay, under the white counterpane ; and Joseph Wilmot, sitting near the foot of the bed, watched it with a gloomy face. The woman who was to nurse the nick man came by-and-by, and took her place by tho pillow. But there was very little for her to do. ' Is there any hope of his recovering ?' Joseph asked eagerly, as the doctor was about to leave the room. ' I fear not — I fear there is no hope.' ' Will it be over soon P' ' Very soon, 1 think. I do not believe that he can laot more than four-and-twenty hours. The surgeon waited for a few moments after naying this, expecting some exclamation of sur prise or grief from the dying man's brother j but there wag none ; and with a hasty ' good evening' the medical man quitted the room. It wag growing dusk, and the twilight shadows upon Joseph Wilmot 's face made it, in its sullen gloom, darker even than it had been in the railway carriage. ' I'm glad of it, I'm glad of it,' ho muttered ; ; ' 1 shall meet Harry Dunbar alone.' Tho bed-chamber in which the sick man lay opened out of a, little sitting-room. Sampson's carpet-bag and portmanteau had been left in ??- this sitting-room. '' . Joseph Wilmot search od tho pockets in tho clothes that had been taken oil! his brother's senseless form. There was some loose silver and a bunch of keys in the waistcoat-pocket, and a well- worn leather-covered memorandum-book in the breast pocket of the old-fashioned coat. Joseph took these things into tho sitting-room, closed the door between the two apartments, and then rang for lights. The chambermaid who brought the candles asked if he had dined. ' Yes,' he said, ' I dined five hours ago. Bring mo some brandy.' The girl brought a small decanter of spirit and a wine- glass, set thorn on the table, and left tho room. Joaeph Y/ilraot followed her to tho door, and turned the key in tho lock. ' I don't want any intruders,' ho muttered; ' these country people are always inquisitive.' . .Ho seated himself at the table, poured out a glass of brandy, drank it, and then drew ono of the candles towards him. He had put tho money, tho keys, and momo randum-bopk in one of his own pockets. Ho took out the memorandum-book first, and examined if. There were five Bank of England notes for five pounds each in one of the pockets, and a letter in the other. The letter was directed to Houry Dunbar, and sealed with the official seal of tho banking-house. The name of Stephen Balderby vvaa written on the left-hand lower corner of tho envelope. ' So so,' whispered Joseph Wilmot, ' this is the junior partner's letter of welcome to hia chief. I'll take care of that.' He replaced the letter in tho pocket of the memorandum-book, and theu looked at the pencil entries on tho different p&gee.; The last entry vras'the only memorandum that had any interest for him. It consisted of those few words— 'H.rD., i expected to arrive at Southampton Dock's' on ^r.labout the 19fch inst., per steamer .: Electra ; will bo met'by Miss Laur a -D/at Port 6i)jand. Place- ; ;,;,::nv) ^--TT vcfJ ;:;.- ^r!v:;;V- ???.]- ''!,' Who's Laura D.?' .m,ufled the spy, as : he 'closed the memorandum-book. 'His daughter,. I suppose. I remember seeing her marriage in the papers, twenty years iago. ,; He .-marriod well, ' of course. Fortune made ever j thing smooth fp'r ' him. Ho married; a lady of , rank. -Cursie '.'him!'. :.-?:.;?:? ; r'v _.--. -^U^r :;;-;-;.;?'-? ,n;j Joseph Wilmob sat. for some time, with, his arms folded upon the table before him, brood-, ing, , brooding,, brooding : with/ a sinister smile uponbis lips, and' an ominous light in his, eyes. \ : , A! : dangerous' m]an always— a dangerous ^man ;' When' he was loud, reckless, brutal, ? violent,'; but , ^jimp'st; of'all dangerous when he ^as, most 'quiet. '? ]'?'.' 'By ?arid-bye he took the bunch of keys f romi, his ! ^''pocket, knelt down before the portman'teau, and \ dxamiried its contents.'' ! ,' ? ' ,','. !,;'..,., .',.'?'.; ! ? fl Jj There was very little tp^rewar'd his Scrutiny —r ; only a suit of clothes, a /couple'., pf !, .clean f shir ts:, , and the necessaries pf.thojqierk'si simple tpilet. ''I The carpet-bag contained! a pair ; bjf bqq'tis, , a1 hat brush, a night-shirt, '^ndv'.'^.''^^^^^^^!^.''^.^^, ? ' dressingrgown. '-., '...,.. ',..?,?,',',. 7 '',''.-: .1'.'i',''\i,. ?/?.?;,,' .?;?-'?? - Jbkeph WiLmq.t* rose 'from ,/h^ examining these ^things, 'and 'softly ^o'ppned .the 'door between the two' robins.1 't TOere' had .been no change in the sick chamberr' The'nurse' still : sat by the head of the bed.; , She ^looked round at Joseph, as he opened the door. .' . . , .,,. ! ? ? ? ' No change, 1 supposeP' he; sard.u!;'f ';,' ; . } ?;! ''No, sir; none.' ' ''^'/i:- ^^ I'.'.V^'-J;' '?''''?. i '??'???\' 'I am going out for astroli, 'presentlyr Ishall ?be in again in an 'hour's' time.'' [' -.'''/.' !*'-\yv~}, !,. ; ; ' He shut the'door again, but' ;did:| iiot :gb jout' immediately. He knelt down once' more by/the \- side of the portmanteau, arid'5 ^^t6r'8:'o^:'$Veu label with his brother's i name upon/it. n J;:He\lferd a similar label off the carpet-bag',! taking 'care that no vestige of the clerk's name was^eft' behind; ? ?? When he had' done this,' and thrust the torn labels into his pocket; he began' to walk up and down the room, softly, with his arms folded upon his breast. ' t j ? The Electra is expected to arrive on the nine ? .teenth,' he said, in a low; thoughtful voice,', 'on or about the nineteenth. '?/ She may arrive either -ifbefore or after; ' To- mdrrowwiUbethe5 'seven! -'teenth. ? If ? Sampson ??die-i';thera;:wilti'be-!,'anIiiinlr '-'quest, no doubt ; a post-mortem -examination, \- perhaps ; and I shall be detained till; all1 that is over. I shall be detained two or thr^e'd^ys at least; and in the meantime ' Henry ^iiiibEirmBy arrive at Southampton, hurry on tbiLq^dpn, and 1 may miss the one change of meeting that; man face to face. I won't be baulked;6fft'his' meeting —I won't be baulked. Why should ,1^ stop here to watch by an unconscious/ man's . death-ibed ? No! Pate haa thrown Henry -Diiribar^'brice.. ? more across my pathway ; and Iwbh't throw ;my ': chance away.'' ?'r-'' ?'?^ 'V-!^]H ?y^-o aoai.\ ??'?' Ho took up his hat—a battered',' shabby rlbdk^ ing white hat, which harmonized !'J well -.wl^li-^liis vagabond appearance — and' went '- ou-i? ''after stopping for a minite atthe-b'a'r to'tel]; 'the'Clap'dj lord that he would be back1iris&njh6u;¥'s'^inTfev* | Ho went straight to the4 railway statibn/'arid made inquiries as to. theCtr'ains.;1 ' ;ii^l') '??'?'? ^ 'i;- '-'? \ (Tobocdntjinued1.) ;' 