TOE NAVAL ARTILLERY VOLUNTEERS REGATTA. On Saturday afternoon Farm Cove and its vicinity was the scene of one of the most lively and interesting aquatic events of the season. The Naval Artillery)' Volunteers, who have already distinguished themselves on shore in various branches of the art of war belonging especially to landsmen, came out on Saturday in a capacity more nearly approaching their esson final function, and gave an exhibition which asserted their connection with the salt water. The members of the artillery competed in several events, and if they did not score any signal victory for their corps their performances and the initiation of the regatta itself gave sufficient proof of the versatility of talent which manifests iWf in the operations of this valuable branch of the service. The artillery must be congratulated on having made a highly commendable move in in- stituting this regatta, as it is the first step to wards the establishment of naval and military sport, competitions which may be made of very great value in promoting the efficiency of the defence forces. It is a remarkable fact that in this colony it is left entirely to private and individual energy andonthusiasmtokoop up and stimulate the vitality of the force, even in the most essential branches, and the inauguration of competition based on the conditions of actual service will go far to supply what the authorised system of instruction ought to supply but does not. For example, one need only refer to the cavalry and artillery sports now established in England, in which conditions of actual fighting are imitated and the men familiarised with them by matches in which the troopers ride over several years and bring off wounded men under fire, or save a team of her loss from capture by riding them off the field, one man on his own horse leading several others and taking them all over the jumps together. Ojl this principle of supposing some likely occurrence in a battle, on land or sea, and making it the basis of competition, very desirable results would be obtained, and it is easy to see that the method could be followed ad infinitum. Making every allowance for the friction of a first attempt, it may be said that the artillery regatta was highly successful. The events proved an agreeable change from the ordinary class of aquatic contests, both in regard to the character of the boats and their occupants and in the genuine earnestness with which the competitors fought out each contest. A mo jority of the races were for rowing boats, end as the course was always well within view of the flagship the interest of the spectators was well sustained. The amusing element was provided by an acquatic tournament, in which the competitors in fancy dress tilted at each other with poles, until "Neptune" had assorted his supremacy on the water over all comers. A tug of war closed the day's sport, A large number of ladies and gentlemen were spectators from the deck, of the steamer Emu, which was moored off Farm Cove as the flagship, The officers and other members of the Naval Artillery Volunteers were present in force, and took every care to provide for the comfort of their ghosts. The cove was covered with all kinds of craft from the Nel- son and other warships ; smart steam launches and stately yachts down to the smallest " shore going " canvas dingy ; " and the whole scene was very lively. A number of spectators watched the regatta. in a long line of fringing the sea wall round the Cove, or parched on the higher ground of the Domain. the Vernon band and the file and drum band of the Artillery played alternately on board the flagship, and the Vernon gun was kept firing with considerable rapidity all the afternoon. It may be hinted recently that the gun should not have been laid straight on to the flagship. It is worthy of note that the usual want of attention was apparent, in regard to carrying colours and having them named on the programme. The starting was very badly performed, and on one occasion there were two races started at once, over courses running in opposite directions. This may have been done to save Sio half-hour that was lost at the beginning of the regatta by want of punctual adherence to the announced programme However, those ladies are only such as may be easily avoided by experience, and in the next Naval Artillery Volunteers' Regatta it may be expected that a very great improvement will be observable) in all respects, and that the Naval Artillery Volunteers will fully maintain their reputation for aiming at doing the right thing in the right way. Mr. F. Curtiss officiated as umpire ; Mr. F. Adams and Captain BroU were appointed starters, and Sub-LiouteniuitNewsnam, N. A. V., was the judge; while general assistance was rendered by Assistant Paymaster Curtis, N.A.V., as secretary ; Surgeon T. B. Clune, N.A.V., treasurer and Lieutenant Loo, commanding NEALY ., and other officers of the corps. The steam launch Little Dupleix followed the races as the umpire's boat. The following are the details of the events: Light Skiffs, single sculls, open to Naval Artillery Volunteers only. Course: From flagship round marked buoys in Farm Cove and back to flagship. 1st prize, cup, value £2 2s., presented by Messrs, Messrs. M'Lean Bros, and Rigg, George- street ; 2nd, smoker's companion, presented by Mr. T. P. Curtis, of John Sands', Georgo-street 3rd, silver-mounted briar wood pipes, presented by Sir. M. Grierson, George-street S. E. Brown, 1. The only other starter was T. Mortimer, who rowed inside the third flag, and was never in it. Windsor Rowing Race, open to members of the Navy and Defence force. Course : From flagship round Orient buoy in Neutral Bay, passing Pinchgut on star- board hand, round H.&.G-.S. Wolverene, and back to flagship. 1st prize £5, presented by Captain Hixson, R.N., 2nd £2. Wolverene, 1; Nelson, 2. Eight boats started. The Wolverene crew took the load, and rounded the buoy full three lengths ahead of the crowd, four crews running close for now. place. A good race took place to Pinchgut. At the fort the steamer Waterview ran right across the course, and completely spoiled a splendid race. The Wolveiouo crow gained about two more lengths by this misfortune, and finished at the flagship with a lead of about 12 lengths, a Nelson crow coming second. Cutter Medley Race, open to navy and Defence Force. Course : Round a yacht at the head of Farm Cove, round Fort Denison, and back to flagship ; rowing out and sailing back. 1st prize, suit of clothes value £5 OR., presented by Mr. M. Goulston, Market street, and £0; 2nd prize, 24. Nelson, 1; Myrmidon, 2\. Four boats started, three from the Nelson, undone from the Myrmidon. A Naval Artillery Volunteer crew came to the start, but was left behind by the starter. At the turn the boats set their sails, the Myrmidons boat being the first under canvas. The race was won by a Nelson boat, the Myrmidon coming second. Licensed Watermen's race. Course: Some eschalots. 1st prize £3, 2nd prize £2, 3rd prize 21s. O'connell 1; T. Trussell, 2 ; R. J. Banks, 3. Drum and Fife Band Race, open to the drum and fife band of the N. A. V. only. Course : Same as light skiffs. 1st prize, £3; 2nd, £1 losses. Wardrop and Wm. Moore, J, S. Simmonds and C. Cavill, 2. Two other crows competed. The finish was spoiled by several boats placing themselves in front of the race, a Mercantile Club four-oar being among them. Whaler Sailing Race, Handicap, open to the Naval Artillery Volunteers only. Course: Same as whaler rowing race. 1st prize, cup, value £2 10s., presented by Messrs. Bray Brothers, George-street, and £3; 2nd, £2; 3rd, one case of Auhenser-Busch St. Louis Lager Beer, presented by Messrs. Butcher and Co., Ill, Pitt-street 1st, Pay- master Cavill's crow ; 2nd, S. T. Wilson's crew. There were three other competing crews. Merchant Ships' Four-oared Gigs, open to merchant sea- men only. Course: Same as whalers'. 1st prize, £4 ; 2nd, £2. Fort JanioB, 1 ; Tweed, 2 ; John Duthie, 3. Several other boats started, and a hardly fought contest was won by the Fort James in first-rate style. Cutters, rowing, open to Navy and Defence Forces. Course.: Same as whalers. Ht prize, silver tankard, presented by Sir Alexander Stuart, K.C.M.G., and £6 ; 2nd, £4.-Wolvorcno. 1 ; Milanda, 2 ; Nelson, 3. Crews from the N.A.V., Myrmidon, and Dart also competed. The Wolverene won a good race with a lead of eight lengths. Vernon Boys' Race. Course : Same as light skiffs. 1st prize, £3; 2nd, £1.-Hathoads. 1: Leather-,ockotg, 2; Shrimps, 3. 6 3 6 Whaler Rowing Race, open to N. A. V. only. Course : Same as other whalers' race. 1st prize, Cup, value £5 presented by Mr. Larry Foley; 2nd, £2. Gunner Sharp's crew, 1;.Bugle- Major Jenkin's crew, 2; Chief 1 city Officer William's crow, 3. This race was one of the best of the day, and ended with an exciting finish, the three boats named overlapping each other. Aquatic Tournament, open to N. A.N. only. First prize meerschaum pipe, presented by Mr. Evo, King-street ; second, concertina, presented by Mr. Elvy.*-Paymaster Cavill (Neptune), 1. * ' Tuan's War. open to N. A.V. only prize, eight dozen pints of wine, presented by Mr. J. Wilkinson, of Coolalta. -Won by Stevens' crowds 