OUR TRIP. THE tedious journey from Soma to Mit chell is by no means a pleasant one. Slow coach work is what the public call it, although the divinities who role over the Works office are pleased to call it the mail train. This, however, did not much"trouble as. Oar business was to note what there was to be noted between Mitchell and Dulvadilla and consequently when Mitchell was reached a little before midnight we slang oar bag and ourselves into Binnie's buggy, and thanked thej gods that the train had arrived to time, instead of keeping ns longer in the cold night air. Mitchell tries to get up some show of excitement when tbe train arrives, but it is energy wasted to do so. Passengers arrive wearied with a long journey through country that the dark night prevents them seeing, and a buggy to con vey them to their hotels is abont all the travellers seek lor. These bnggies are always there to time, bat there is no touting for passengers. It happened to suit ns on this occasion to go to Bionie's, and to that Elace we went. There is one peculiar thing owever, in connection with the drivers of Mitchell hotel bnggies. They like to give a little cheap excitement to their passengers. The traps are pulled np in the most impos sible positions in the railway yard, and the horses are wheeled out through the gates on a curve of about 1 in 6. Then the route taken is evidently made "scarifying." Passing from the railway station approach into Cambridge-street there is on the left hand side a fence, and there is also a short distance from it a telegraph post. It would appear simple for the driver of two horses and a waggonette to drive straight into Cambridge-street, and follow the "bicycle track" as the main road is called, but no this would be too easy, and so the boggy is cutiu between the fence and the post at great risk to the wheels, and being satisfied with having accomplished his absurd feat with success the coachman draws ns quietly up to tbe Post Office Hotel just at "the hour when churchyards yawn and graves give np their dead." Ghosts did not trouble us on Friday night or Saturday morning. Perhaps we are ac customed to ghosts, or perhaps they are afraid of being libelled by newspaper re porters, but however tbe strained relations between the ^pressmen and the ghosts may stand, we haa an undisturbed slumber, and awoke on Saturday morning ready to travel as far to the far far West as tbe train would take us. The party was a fair sized one, bat the engine, water-tank, composite carriage, and brake vanprored sufficient for all require ments. The acting chief engineer was at tached unto Mr. J, Gargett the chief partner in the firm of contractors, known as Gatgett and Co., bat at all times and in aB_ places we had tbe opportunity of making snch enquiries as were necessary for this report. Engineering details we can not pretend to deal with. The railway man talks abont twelve twenties, ones In fifty, three in a hundred, or seven in a thousand in an easy hap hazard sort of a way that we could understand if it referred to billiards or any other speculativegame, bat we except rail way contracting. Our ideas of gradients are Srobably confined to rolling down a Jawn in ays gone by, or making* weaty pilgrimage up to the Roma Court House in order to in form the public in nextissne of thenar that John Smith had got stupidly tipsy and had to pay 5s., or that Thomas Jones had been wickedly using bad language in some public place. Most of our readers have been at Mitchell. The magnificent bridge that spans the Maranoa is now an achievement of which we need say little. At the present time it is in a full state of completion, and for months past the trains have ran over it into the town of Mitchell proper. The absurdity of patting the goods shea on the wrong side of the line at this point has also been pointed out without any effect on the rhinosceros hide-intellects of those who ought to know better, Tbe well bored by Mr. Falconer revives happier recollections of Government work, bat it is disappointing to find that ignorance exists as to the proper way of utilising the water that has been, struck. Perhaps, however, the term " ignorance" is a little too sweeping, but what we intend to imply is that the pumps that would fetch the water np are not the pumps the depart ment uses, and red-tape allows water which could be of invaluable service to remain below ground instead of pumping it to the surface. Just past Mitchell station, on the left hand side, are the turning rails. The V or U shaped doable lines which so admirably take tin place of torn-table*. Where land is plentiful and chetp this mode of toraiig a train round is far qnicker, and far .more effectual, bat in populous cities the old idea has to be carried out of turning single carriages on the turn- tables. There is one matter here that we would like to mention, and that is the desirability of the Government at all times making a large reserve for railway yards at all main points. On the extension beyond Mitchell this has been wisely done. At abont a mile, or perhaps less, from Mitchell we come across the trucking yards which are on the left hand side. True it is that tbey have jnot been much used at present but the terrible drought prevents the fattening of anything in the district. The yards are well and strongly built, and conveniently contrived. At the 2 mile the main coach road crosses the line, and thereafter continues for some distance on the right hand aide of the rail way. Our attention was particularly called to this point for two reasons. Just as the train paBsed a chinaman drove by with a vegetable cart, and on which cart was painted the name of a storekeeper in Roma, and in the second place a team of weedy looking bullocks were watting till the train passed and we fancied that an old acquaintance in the perron of Pompey, re cently acquitted from a chaise of man slaughter at the last Roma Circuit Court, was working his way back to his own camp by travelling with the driver of this team. For a term the railway runs over fairly level country, but at the 4 mile to 5 mile a series of curves occur. The engineering that has taken place here seems to have been neces sitated through the existence of a famous dam on Mitchell Downs station. It is through this once splendid countiy we are now travelling, but on each side there is nothing to look at but a dry arid plain. The bones of dead animals are seen lying about at different intervals, but not a living beast is in sight. The road track on the right is barer than a Roma footpath, and until the vision catches the ridges miles away crested with trees on which there is some foliage there is scarce a vestige of verdnre to ne seen. For miles and miles it would seem that the national oolor of Ireland has been tabooed, and that the " wearing of the green" has become a penal offence on Mit chell Downs. It was somewhat of a satire therefore to hear that gradients of 1 in 50. and curves of ten chains were necessitated for fear the line should be flooded by the by wash from this noble, but apparently boy cotted dam. A little way further, and we arrive at the 6 mile. Here a bridge crosses the Washpool Creek. The dam that was erected to make the washpool is said to hare cost no leas than £12,000, and if our infor mant was correct, it is now quite dry. Capital invested in runs looks very much like money squandered when such a season as this present one occurs. At this point a stoppage was made, and the bridge over the now dry creek was examined. Its dryness may be easily imagined when trees are dying for want of moisture. Coming on the 7 mile xre commence to pass through thick brigafow scrub on each side, and there is a feeling of disgust to think that behind this are noble plains that, dry as the earth is, would at least affora the traveller some idea of the richness of the countiy through which he is passing. At the 8 mile we come to a bridge of 206 feet in length, and a short stoppage is made. At this point there is another gradient of 1 in 50, and as we sweep round the curves on the straight road to WomballiUa there is surprise expressed at how easily our carriage runs, ana how free from jolting the merry company are. Wembalalla is just about ten miles from Mitchell, and will be recollected as the scene of the navvies strike that {proved such a serious loss to the contractors. Over the creek there is a lengthy bridge, 606 feet in length in 30 feet spans. On the further side from Roma is the pnmping station, andTmnch to our surprise we noticed any quantity of i water in the creek. Considering that it was not long ago that a drought, in fact a water famine was declared at this place, and water had to be fetched from Roma, this seemed at first to be surprising, but the Womballilla creek has a good catchment area, and the rain that fell in the middle of June seems to have again flushed the creek. There is a great change here. At the time of the strike there were a hundred navvies to where there are now ten. The saw mill is still at work because the position is most handy, bat there is little work to be done now, and the only ones at the old camp who are not lazy are the flies. This pest remains. The bridge should give satisfaction as it appears well and truly built, and is long and high enough to _ do away with any fear of a flood in the creek stopping traffic. It was natnral to ask whether the w®t?r pnn»ped from the creek could be utilised by the engines. The answer was given in a practical manner as the party went down to view a contrivance on the bank of the creek which prevented any filth Seing pumped up into the tanks. 1 here are both inner and outer boxes, and the water as Been lying in the creek ap parently thick with yellow sand and mud is plentifully filtered before it passes through the pipes into the locomotive tanks. These are situated about twenty chains from the creek the engine house being two chains away ' When here before we ascertained that the sleepers for this portion of the line had been partly got within a radius of 12 miles, and partly from Yenlba and other places in the South. The saw-mill had been utilised to accomplish most of the work. The timber used in the bridges has mostly np to this point, been obtained from Coonnambula, a point between Yeulba and Dalby. The ballast has been taken from various camps, and as we proceed further along gravel pits, and camps are visible ou either side. So lar we have travelled over a peice of railway which has become historical for unavoidable delays and strikes but the correspondent who uted to write Womballillia jottings Tt 8pm an ioch o{ °ews out at this time. There is no hotel at this ten mile camp now, there is nothing to be seen but the pumping house, a email goods shed, the nnremoved taw mill, and a half dozen tents. We dnnk to the departed town in a draught of diluted creek water- it is safer to dilute the water fonnd in these western creeks- and proceed onwards. {To be continued.) A TifiE occurred in South Brisbane on Sunday morning, when the house attached to the grocery store of Mr. M'Dowallwas destroyed. A CORRESPONDENT writesAn interest, ing relic. A great many will remember the murder in the Rockhampton district of two mounted troopers by Commissioner Griffin. The trial was watched with the keenest in terest all over Australia, and when the full proof of Griffin's iniquity came out, there was a thrill of horror from end to end of the continent. The murderer and robber was duly executed, but scarce had he been MM in the grave when some dare-devil gentlemen in the neighbourhood tried their hand at the resurrection business. They opened the coffin and carried off Griffin's head; there was some excitement over the affair. When it was known, and a reward of one hundred pounds was offered for the resurrectionists, not twenty times the amount would have got the information. Now, when the whole thing has blown over, and the hundred pounds has gone for a Ministerial banquet, or something of the kind, we may give our readers the correct tip! That beautiful skull of Mr. Griffin's is away down at Sydney in nse M a card basket, on the "front room table" of a political journalist. 