THE walls. AUTUMN MEETING. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT." Mi:i.B0üitXJ3, March 1. roll ARC Autumn Meeting commenced to day on the Flemington course A heavy rain fell dening the night and up till 11 am to day, which match Uly interfered with the attendance This, however), cleaned up in the after noon, but the course was in consequence very heavy His Excellency the Governor and suite invert on the count shortly before the first lace The following mc the results - ESSENDON STAKES Commotion (Power) 1 Malua (Ito by (son) 2 Hetmald (Howes- 3 The other starters were Plausible, Off Colour, and Metal The betting as 5 to 4 against Commotion, 4 to 1 against Malua, and 3 to la"*aiiiat Off Colour A good start was effected Off Colour was quickest away, but soon gave place to Metal, who cut out the i mining- at a good pace for half a mile, when he gave place to Plausible Commotion led into the straight, and, despite the determined effort of Malua, who came through very ~ fast, the Rev ourite won easily by three lengths, Off Colour head way third. Time, 2min 47sec, ASCOT VALE STAKES Uralla (Ellis) J Monto Christo (Halef) 2 Dunlop (Moore) 3 The other starters were Antonio, Bjttrtsi, and Lady Claudia. The betting was 6 to against Monto Christo, and 3 to, 4 against Uralla. Antonio made the most running, but gave way to Monto Christo, who looked all over the winner at a distance. Uralla came very fast in the last few strides, and beat the favourite, Dunlop being a bad third. Time, 2min. 10sec. The crowd expressed disapproval at the way in which Davies rode the favourite. ST. LEGER. Silver King (Moore) 1 David Power) 2 Mozart.(Brathwaite) 3 Tremando was the only other starter. Mozart jumped to the front, but gave way to David and Silver King before they reached the stand. The latter pair ed past the stand, and when rounding the river turn David held a length's advantage over the favourite, Tremando last. The same order was maintained until the trainers' sheds were reached, where Mozart and Tremando, who had been running in the rear, closed up at the half-mile post. Silver King and David were together once in the straight. The favourite went away from the horses and won comfortably by a length from David, who was a neck away from Mozart, and a length from Fremantle. Time, 3min. 32sec. The betting was 6 to 1 on Silver King, and 3 to 4 against David and Mozart. NEVELL VHKET HANDICAP. Coronet, 7st (Cracknell) 1 Middlemarch. Sit. lib. .. (Flanagan) 2 Shoot Anchor, 7st. 7lb. .. (Williamson) 3 The other starters were Welcome Jack, Garfield, Battalions, Sir Garnet, BlinkBonnie, Prometheus, Coningsby, Duenna, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia, Victoria, Salvo, St. John, Alphabet, Velocipede, Mascotte, Town Moor, Lavington, Xantippe, Bohominn, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Louise, Lepo rolls, and Claudine. The betting was 5 to 1 v. Coronet, S to 1 v. Sir Garnet and Prometheus, 12 to 1 v. Battalions, 17 to 1 v. Sheet Anchor, 20 to 1 against Middlemarch and Leporello, and 25 to 1 against Salvo. Considerable delay occurred at the post, owing to the late arrival of Coronet and Coningsby, and frequent breaks away by Mascotte and Sir Garnet. The flag fell to a good start, with the exception of Velocipede, who was left at the post. The first to show out from the rank were Garfield, Duenna, Sir Garnet, Bat- various, Sheet Anchor, and Middle-march. Crossing the tan, Mascotte, Westbury, Sir Garnet, The Ghost, Sheet Anchor, and Coronet were on the" rails. Town Moor was most conspicuous. Opposite the carriage paddock Sir Garnet swerved and Coronet changed his position, while Hannibal looked dangerous inside. At the distance Coronet slightly headed his field, and at half the distance Middlemarch and Sheet Anchor on the inside challenged the leader, but it was of no avail, and the favourite won comfortably by three quarters of a length from Middlemarch, the same distance from Sheet Anchor, and a length from The Ghost, who was fourth. Leporello and Sir Garnet were together, then came Salvo, Town Moor and Topaz. The last three were Abhabet, Mistake, and Velocipede. The time was train. lOjaoc. HOPEFUL STAKES. Juanna.(Hutchins) I Girofla.(llevauey) 2 Sunny Days O'Brien; 3 The other starters were Abner, Matchlock, Remus, Fernside, Manchester, Antonio, Wild rake, Warina, Mountain Lass, Meerschaum, and Brella. The betting was 3 to i v. Matchlock, and 5 to 1 v. Manchester. At fifty yards from home Girofla looked all over the winner, but Juanna then came along and won easily by a length. Time, 1min. 19sec. BnuNswieic STAKES. Grace Darling Ellis) 1 Madcap.(O'Brien) 2 Distiller. Johnson) 3 The other starters were Sardius, Odd Trick, Little Sister, Anglesey, Sirocco, Duration, Stationer, Happy Thought, Mentmore, and Warfield. The betting was 2 to 1 v. Little Sister, 3 to 1 v. Happy Thought, 5 to 1 v. Madcap. Won by a length and a-half, Madcap being second, two lengths in front of Distiller. Time, 3min. 52sec. 