The young lady, Miss Ada Campbell, whose infidel notions were scattered broad cast in tho public assembly rooms of this town last week, has gone to Hobart, and intends to return here shortly. Such being the lady's intention we feel it to be our duty to refer to a rather unpleasant subject — one that it would have been better to let pass on the score that what was done could not be undone , another visit to Launceston is contem plated, accompanied we presume by another series of lectures, it is only right, ; on behalf of a large section of the com munity, to protest in the most emphatic terms against Miss Campbell being allowed the use of the Mechanics' Hall for the propagation of her dangerous doctrines — if indeed the open avowal of a disbelief in the existence of a Supreme Being can be called a doctrine at alL Miss Campbell says there is no God, and that man, when he goes down to the grave, is as the beast that perishes. 'When the Mechanics' Institute was founded in this town,- the intention of the promoters was to ' provide wholesome mental food for the community, more I especially for the inquisitive minds of the young, and for artisans, as its name im plies. In furtfierance of this object, paid lecturers were employed to deliver courses upon scientific subjects, and residents in the town generously assisted the cause by lecturing without any remuneration, as Dr. Crowther does now, single-handed wo regret to say. Hesides . this, the inhabitants contributed to the building funi, many ladies, not only of Launcee ton, but of all Tasmania, worked hard in order to supply articles for a bazaar in aid of the building. Would they hare done so if they had known that the hall would be thrown open for the purpose of pro claiming to an assembled audience, the most blasphemous of creeds ? No. It was never contemplated that the hall would be used for such a purpose. The office-bearers of the Institute are without excuse. They knew Miss Campbell's principles, and in letting her the Me chanics' Hall assisted her in propagating them. We are prepared to believe that the error was committed through inadvertence or want of foresight, but the fact remains. The meeting was publicly announced, the doors were thrown open to the young infidel, and to those who .were 'willing to hear what sho had to say. Constables stood at the entrance to see that no in erruption took place, and to maintain the dignity of the law. Did they maintain the dignity of the law ? This is what the law says, as explained in one of the latest standard works on the subject (1881) : — ' It is a misdemeanour, punishable by in dictment and by criminal information, to speak, or write and publish,' any profane words vilifying or ridiculing God, Jesus Christ, the Holy Ghost, the Old or New Testament, or Christianity in general, with intent to corrupt the public morals, to shock and insult believers, or to bring the established religion into hatred and con- tempt. This is the crime of blas phemy, and on conviction thereof, the blasphemer may be sentenced to fine and imprisonment to any extent, in the discretion of the Court.' We are not advocates of any such method of curbing the expression of freethought, and agree with the writer quoted above that 'honest error is no crime in this country so long as its advocacy be rational and dispas sionate, and does not degenerate into fanatical abuse of Christianity in general, or into scurrilous attacks upon indivi duals.' Nevertheless, the law says that ' to deliver a lecture, publicly maintain ing that tbe character of Christ is defec tive, and His teaching misleading, and that the Bible is no more inspired than any other book, is blasphemy and the voice of this Christian community cries out against the managers of the local insti tute,, which they established -and still support, offering facilities for the propa gation of error, however honest maybe the convictions of the author. We appeal to the common sense of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute to provide against such an innovation in the future. . Their duty is clearly to refuse money for. the use of the hall from any person whose known object is to endeavor to prove that the Bible is false, that there is no eter nity, and that there is neither a God nor a devil. =============== It is surprising, now that there is a pretty fair certainty of free trade with the big colony of Victoria, that capitalists are not on the move to establish manufactories of various kinds here. : There are many articles well suited to this humid climate which cannot be grown in Victoria, and which only require a demand to create an unlimited supply of the raw material in this colony. Sugar, for ins ance, can never be a native product in Victoria. The climate is too cold for cane, and too dry for beet, so that sugar must always be an article of import there. . Not so with us. We can grow beet as successfully as it can be grown in any part of the world. Our farmers have already proved this in the abundant yield of the patches they cultivate for stock -feeding in winter. Although the variety of beet, or mangold wurzel, grown by the farmers is different from the white Slesvig 'beet, which con tains most saccharine matter, tbe species are somewhat similar, and there can be no question about the adaptation of our chocolate soil to the growth of the one as well as the other. The inducements held out to a manu'ac turer of beet sugar in Tasmania are con siderable. The farmers are perplexed to discover a crop that will pay better th'au -grain -lr potatoes,-and tbey-would be only too glad to try beet on a large scale. There is a reward of £2000 for the iirst 200 tons of marketable sugar produced in the colony. The act says — There shall be paid to any person or company who first manufactures to the satisfaction of the Goveror-in-Councii, 200 tens of marketable sugar in any one year from beet or other products grown in Tas mania, the sum of £2000.' In addition to this there is a duty of £C pur ton upon all imported sugar, which amouuts to a protective duty of about one-third of the value. This would ensure to the manu facturer a great advan'a^e over the im porters, and surely it would make the undertaking a financial success. We have no information at hand as to ihe crsfc of beet growing, and of converting the root into sugar in other countries ; but it is natural to assume that what i3 now done in Germany and all over ! the world where Lout can b-a grown, could be done here with the additional benefit of a bonus to (start with, and a tariff which would be prohibitive if the article wa3 not regarded . as an absolute necessity in the household. The manu facturer might count upon an open market in Victoria ; but then he has to take into consideration tlie possibility of free trade being extended to the eastern colonics of Australia, which are sugar growing colonies. In tlie meantime, before all that happens he may make his fortune ; and then, when interto'onial duties are numbered among the follies of the past, the Tasmanian manufacturer of the natural products of the sbil will stand on the same ground as others. We fail to discover any reason why the man who utilises the products of Tasmanian soil cannot hold out successfully against those who enter into competition with him in Australia or New Zealand. If the first cost of the undertaking is not very heavy — and we believe it is not — tho manufac ture of beet root sugar in one of the agri cultural districts is well worth a trial. Tee announcement made by Mr Glad stone in the House of Commons on Wed nesday night, is the most ominous of war he has ever uttered during his term of office. We had no hope that anything satisfactory could result from the ' dip lomatic treatment' of the Afhanistan difficulty, conducted by Earl Gran ville with Baron de iStaal, and the result, as stated by Mr Gladstone, was only what might have been expected. The British Government demanded that the Russian troops be withdrawn to Sarakbs, on the Persian frontier, 60 miles north of Pulikhatum, and the Russian Govern ment refuse to comply with that demand. Thereupon, our telegram states, the , negotiation lapsed. If so, ' what fol- ! lows ? We presume the demand made was the ultimaluiA of the British Govern- ? ment, and that has apparently been curtly rejected. But the . statement made by Mr Gladstone on Wednesday differs widely from that made by him in the House of Commons on ' Tuesday. He then informed the House that M. de Gure, the Russian -Minister for Foreign Affairs, had repliei to the request made by the British Government, and that the Russian Government confirmed the agree ment come to between Baron de Staal, the Russian Ambassador in London, and Earl Granville, and had telegraphed to the officer in command of the Russian troops at Pulikhatum not to advance unless disturbances should occur in the vicinity of Penjdeh. If that concession, .trifling though it may be, was actually made by M. De Giers on behalf of .the Russian Government, it is singular that it should bs almost im mediately followed up by the total rejec tion of the Request or demand made by the British Government. However, the 'diplomatic treatment' seems to have failed, and in that case the British Government has no choice left — no middle course. The people of Great Britain must remember that they still hold the key 01 India, thougu at pre sent it is held by weak hands. Almost the last words of warning spoken by Lord Beaconsfield in the House of Lords were — ' The key of India is London. . . . The spirit and vigor of your Parliament, the inexhaustible resources, the ingenuity and determination of your people —these are the keys of Iudia.' Vice-Regal Tour. — His Excellency the Governor proposes leaving Hobart on Monday next for Campbell Town, where he will remain a few days, before pro ceeding to George's Bay, via Avoca, Fingal, and St. Mary's. On His Excel lency's return from George's Bay he will probably ? visit Westbury and Deloraine, and other parts of the North-Western districts. Laotceston Show. —For the conveni ence of persons wishing to attend the autumn show of the Tasmanian Agricul tural and Pastoral Association, to be held on Wednesday, the 25th mst., return tickets at single fares will be issued at all stations along the Launceston and Western Railway, available for tbe day of issue only. A special train will leave the Launceston termiuus at 9 p.m. on the evening of the show for Deloraine. His Excellency the (iuvernor has been pleased to direct that the public offices at Laun ceston shall be closed on that day from 12 o'clock noon. Masonic Haix Company. — The annual general meeting of shareholders of the Masonic Hall Company (Limited), will be held to-morrow at 8 p.m., at the new hall, Brisbane-s'r et. Business To receive treasurer'* financial statement ; to .elect directors in the place of James H. Boom, M. E.-R'ibinson, Alfred Jones, T. Hogg, and George Talmage, who retire by effluxion of timu, but are eligible for re election ; and general. The Weaiheii.— Yesterday was as un pleasant as far as the weather went as is possible for a place reputed to have the best climate in the world. After a sharp shower in the morning, it became ex tremely sultry and oppressive — possibly it might have been owing to the bush fires, attributed by our contemporary to Ithe novel phenomenon of 'autumn leaves ' falling. At all events the muggy heat was as unusual as autumn leaves falling in Australia, and its. unpleasant- ness was increased in the afternoon by violent duststorms that made walking in the streets particularly disagreeable. About half-past 5 a thunderstorm, which had been brewing for some little time, burst over -the town. There were only two claps of thunder, but they were unusually ( loud and strong, and preceded by very vivid lightning. It then passed away southwards, lightning being visible on the horizon up to a late hour last night. Pleasure Excursion. — The p.s. Natone will make a pleasure excursion to Beaconsfield and Geoige Town on Suu day, the 22nd inst., leaving the wharf at 9 '30 a.m., George Town on return at 3 p.m., and Beaconsfield at 3 30 p.m. As the tares are, as usual, very moderate, and an excellent lunchcon can be had on board, and also the fact that this will be the last excursion trip to George Towr, at least Tor some time to come, the Natone should be well patronised. Deloraine Races. — The Easter meet in? of the Deloraine Turf Club nromises to be a very successful one, and from all we can hear, the entries will be numer ous. The nominations must be-in the hands of the secretary, Mr W. T. Biro, by 8 p m. to-morrow' night for all the events. An alteration has beeu made since the programme was first issued, and a reference to the advertisement in another column will show that the entries for the Selling Hack Race and Maiden Plate will close to-morrow night, instead of the 31st inst., as before notified. Wbstbcry Bazaar. — The supple mentary bazaar in aid of the debt on the Public Library, which was held on St. Patrick's and following day, has been most satisfactory. The ladies, by their untiring exertions, disposed of the whole of the goods. The amount realised is £54 12s, which is shown in the following manner : — The stall presided over by Sirs Bowden, who was assisted by Misses Maboney, Breaden, and Phillips, and MrsE. Hall, realised £17 2s 2L The other, conducted by Mesdames Morton, J. Best, Misses Field (3), and M'Creeiy, realised £31 18s 9d The takings at the door were £4 10s lOd, and the sale by brace auction, £L 10s 3d, making the grand total of £54 12s 2J. The raffles were entered into with spirit, duo to the fascinating and persistent manner in which the I..dies dealt wi h the audience. The thanks o* the powers that be are tht r f- r- due to all who asshieJ. Before matters are finally concluded in connec tion with this baziar, there is a quantity of farm produce, etc , to be disposed of, which that most liberal auctioneer, Mr Westbrook, haB kindly undertaken to sell after the sale of stccV at Smith's yards on Monday next. People, there fore, who have produce for this cause Fhould leave their contributions with Mr Smith, at the Berriedale Hotel, not later | than to-morrow (Saturday). Footbalt. — The Alabama Football 1 Ciub will open their season by playing a scratch match to-morrow afternoon, on the Market Square, when a good muster is expccted, and by which members will have a chance to judge what their future fate will be at the hands of their oppo nents The first match is arranged for Saturday week against the Union F.C., which will prove a very interesting game should the weather turn out fin 3. Scraps. — Some idea of the feeling with which the news of Gordon's death was re ceived in England may be gathered from the fact that it was considered necessary to provide additional police protcciiou at Hawarden, the residence of Mr Glad stone. — A correspondent of the N~eiv York Herald at Granada, Spain, says:— 'I have just returned from the village of Hueneja, where the most remarkable phenomenon of the recent earthquake has occurred. The whole village moved 75ft from its original position, yet every house is still standing, though many roofs are cracked and ir.any walls have bulged.— The body of a child about three days old was found on the beach atPonsonbv. New Zealand, last week, sewn up in calico and stuffed in a bag. — Some men at Grenelle, France, c-ntc-red a woman's house who was reported to be possessed of a little nion^y, kept in the house. They knocked her down, cut her throat, and then only found one fr^i.c and a bottle of wine. — In Paris, in January, a railway clerk went mad, broke his wife's head with a sledge hammer, fractured his father-in-law's skull, and then tried to ?kill himself. — At Angers, a lawyer beat ,-iut his father's brains at dinner with a life-preserver. — The . landlords of the Orient and Mechanics hotels, Melbourne, have been fined £20 each for selling spurious Hcnnessy's brandy.— A man at the Victoria Coffee Palace committed suicide by cutting his throat eleven times, till it was severed to the spine. — At Col lingwood, Michael O'Donnell went to serve a writ of ejectment ou a man named Halfpenny, for rent due. He burst open the door, which hit Mrs Halfpenny on the head as sue was standing behind it, and he was fined 30s for his trouble. — 21,315 persons have been vaccinated in Victoria during the ljist year, at a cost of £4917 lis 6d — a first-class subject for the anti-vaccinationists — G. A. Sala has been to Russia five or six times in the last 25 years, and is going to lecture on its policy and resource?. He says she is n arly bankrupt, and the Nihilists are forging her paper currency by tons— it pays better than using dynamite. — A man, who has smoked expensive cigars for the last 67 years, calculates they have cost him, in cluding compound interest, £40,000. Our authority does not say he hails from Yankee land, but it sounds probable. Cricket. — To-day, at 2 '30 p.m , on the oiarKet ween, lour elevens oi tne uity School will play the final match for Mr and Mrs H. Henri's trophy, viz., A. Henri's side v. H. Edwards', and G. Tait's side v. J. Illingworth's. The eleven will play an innings' match, after which the winning sides try conclusions. — An eleven from the Nil Desperandum Cricket Club meet the Launceston Grammar School second eleven to-morrow afternoon, on the Cornwall Cricket Ground, at 2 30 sharp. The Nils will be chosen frjm the following : — L. Leach, J. Lynes, A. Hopkins, A. Richardson, Feutrill (2), J. Riva, H. Castley, T. Lamb. A. Baaent. W. LaDthorne. M. Tyson, R. Coningsby, O. Lynes. — A match will be played on the Market Green at 2*30 to-morrow, between tlie Marines and the Good Templars Clubs. The Marines will be chosen from the fol lowing J. West, J. Bishop, T. Hamil ton, T. M'Donald, F. Brooks, J. Boyd, J. Jones, J. Richards, J. Dundas, W. Brooks, J. Rankin, P. Southgate, J. Hueston. The following will be the Templars' team :— W. Edmunds (captain), ?T. :Mathews, Hedewick, H. Ballard, H. Kit, ' H. Henri, A. Tavelein, W. Davis, H. Davey, D. Robson, A. Collins ; emer gencies — F. Cox, A. Sims, H. Larter. Bane of Tasmania. — A special general meeting of shareholders in the Bank of Tasmania will be held at the banking house, Cameron-street, on Wednesday, April 8. The business of the meeting will be to cousider and pass a resolution dissolving the cc-partnership, and, con tingently upon that resolution being passed, to authorise the directors to sell aud dispose of tbe whole of the bank stock, etc., either to the National Bank of Tasmania Limited, on the terms stated in the prospectus of that bank, or to any other company or persons, and on such term: as the directors may think fit. Wanted an Owner. — A woman named Mary Nye was yesterday arrested | for using obscene language. At the time : of her arrest she was in possession of a bundle of wet clothes, probably pur loined from a wash tub. The buudle contaiued some chemises, white stockings, stays, and other articles useful if not ornamental. Footdali Association. — Several ardent lovers of the grand old game of football, with that veteran player, Mr W. H. J. D-?dinan, at their head, are anxious to form a Junior Football Association. For this purpose a meeting of the secretaries and one delegate from each of the junior clubs and the second twenty of senior clubs has been called for Thursday even ing, March 26, at 8 o'clock, to take place at Dedman's Sporting Hall. It is to be hoped that a good number will put in an appearance, in order that the idea may be thoroughly ventilated. I Launceston Volunteer Rifle Regi ment. — The members of this corps mus tered at the barracks last night, to the number of 60, Captain Martin being the oniy officer present. There was also a squad of 20 cadets present, who were drilled, as usual, by Sergeant Beasley. The men were instructed in shelter trench exercise, and manual and firing exercise, by Sergeant-Major Welsh. A daylight parade will take place on Satur day, at 3 p.m., for tent pitching, shelter trench exercise, and various other duties to be performed in camp. The command ing officer expects a good muster. An tttic m munications from members of tho band must be forwarded to the bandmaster for the information of the commanding officer. Regimental parades of the Artil- 1 lery and Rifles will be held on Wednes- i day, 1st April, when the equipment and kit of the men will be inspected and any defects remedied. At these parades, the men will be told off into squads of 12 for cach tent. The guns to be taken to camp, viz, one 40 -pounder and one 7-pounder, with the necessary equipment, will bs entrained on Wednesday, 1st April. Officers' luggage must be sent to the barracks on Wednesday night, so as to be forwarded to the camp by ordinary train on Thursday iu charge, of two privates. Recruits are now coming in in large numbers, and we were surprised last night to see so many citizens of good ! position going through the recruit drill, clearly showing that the movement is being more properly rccoguised by tho3e in authority amongst us. Every member should do his utmost to bring in good recruits, for in these times of wars and rumo:s of wars we never know when our forces may be called out, and it is the first duty of every man, who is worthy of that name, to protect his native or adopted coil from foreign aggression. Portrait op Mr Justice Giblin. — The portrait of Mr Justice Giblin, which has been purchased by subscription, may now be seen in the Public Library, Hobart, the Mcrcury says. It was executed in Melbourne by the Imperial Photographic Co., Elizabeth-street, aud is very credit able to tl.at establishment. The j:o trait is au enlarged photograph, very esce1 lently colored, and is, therefore, a good likeness. It has been beautifully framed, aud, altogether, is a very tasu-ful ' ami valuable work of art. The total cost was, E we understand, £21. ' An Exploring Party. — The Minister of Landssometimeagoreceived a letter(the Mercury says), from Mr R. W. Kermode, under date Macquarie Harbor^ 23rd ult., in which that gentleman intimated his intention of travelling across country, with two men he had engaged, by Jones' track from Gordon to the Huon. He ex pected to leave Gordon by the 26th ult., and as ne'ther of the party knew the track, though he himself had a chart and the original notes made by Mr Jones, who surveyed that part of the island some years ago, they would probably be from a fortnight to three weeks in crossing to Victoria district. If they did not turn up at tue latter place witmn tour weeks at the furthest, Mr Kermode asked that someone should be sent with provisions from Victoria to Craycroft's River to meet the party. He added that he had walked from Mount Bischoffto Macquarie Harbor, and found the country very rough, but well worth seeing. Three weeks have elapeed since the date when tbe expedi tion intended to leave Gordon, and Mr Brown has as yet received no tidings of them. The distance from Gordon to Vic i toria is between 90 and 100 miles, and I Craycroft's River, a tributaiy of the Huon, is distant from Victoria about 40 miles. Since the above was written, Mr Brown has received the following tele gram from Victoria : — ' Just arrived here .safely ; rough journey, but well. Robert Kermode, Picnic Hotel.' Chinese Celebrities. — The death is announced of Lieu Tai-tai, the mother of Her Excellency the Marchioness Tseng She was the relfct of Lieu Ta- jen, the late Lieutenant-Governor of Shan-si, to which post he was promoted for his dis tinguished services in suppressing that great offshoot of the Tai- Ping rebellion, which, under Shi Ta-kai. for some time devastated the province of Szii-chuan, in western China; . The loss of Lieu Tai-tai will be much felt' in Hunan, where her conciliatory disposition and widespread charity caused her to be universally esteemed. Politico floral Emblems. — Sir Staf ford Northcoie, speaking at Exeter the other day, remarked that the present age seemed the age of the language of flowers. On the one hand, they knew that one flower was associated with the reputation of a statesman whose name would ever be remembered with esteem. He alluded -to the primrose and Lord BcaconBfield. It would be difficult to give Mr Gladstone's flower, because he was more at home among trees. Mr Chamberlain admired the orchid, a strange imported flower that had to be nursed with tender care, could not be exposed to the climate of England, and had to be maintained by hothouse shelter. On the other hand, the Conservatives had chosen the primrose as their flower, found every where, and which was a type of fresh hope, fresh determination, and fresh in teres o to man. The flowers were faith ful to the stems, the stems to the root, the root to the rock to which the plant adhered, and this indicated the true spirit of the Conservatives of England. Dr. Kenealv's Sons. — The three sons of the late Dr. Kenealy, the Claimant's counsel, are all said to be earning their living as journalists. The eldest, Ahmed, | is on the staff of the Neio York Herald, the sccDnd, William Cockburn, is on a Philadelphia paper, and the youngest con ducts the Englishman. . Determined Suicide. — At about five minutes to 9 o'clock on Friday morning (the Daily Telegraph says) it was reported to the Port Melbourne police that a young man named Henry Johnson had com mitted suicide by cutting his throat. Upon inquiries being made by Constables Molloy and Porter, it was found that de ceased, a young single man, 31 years of age, whose business was that of a fisher man, and who resided with his parents in Brewster's-lane, had been drinking heavily for some time past. At about 20 minutes to 9 the unfortunate fellow went into an outhouse, from whence his father shortly afterwards heard groans issuing. He at once proceeded to ascertain the cause, and found deceased with his throat cut, a razor lying near at hand. Upon the police arriving on the scene, deceased was still breathing, and Dr. Malcolmson was at once sent for, but upon arrival he pro nounced life to be extinct. Pleasant for Tea-Drtnkees. — When we pour milk into a. cup of tea or coffee the albumen of the milk and the ten lin of the tea or coffee instantly unite and form leather, or minute flakes of the very same compound which is produced in the texture of the tanned hide, and which makes it leather, as distinguished from the original skin. In the course of the year an average tea-drinker will drink enough leather to make a pair of shoes. ' Ye Gentlemen of England.' — New York society is engaged just now in dis cussing English society. The Nineteenth Century, the leading social club, com posed of the best known men and women in New York society, at its last meeting, listened to a speech from Thomas Wentworth Higginson upon ' The Aristocracy of the Dollar,' which I involved a comparison between that and tie aristocracy of birth. At . its next meeting Mr Julian Hawthorne : is to speak before the ' club upon English and American Society. The Pall Mall Budget remarks :— Our Repub lican friends are disposed to claim that in the true sense a gentleman cannot exist in England, because an Englishman is always compelled either to be looking up to somebody above him, or looking down upon somebody below him — a Btate of affairs which these Republicans say is fatal to the existence of the gentleman, who must feel himself to be the social equal of his fellows, or be no true gentle man at all. Is Kissing a State Right 1 - We (New York Daily Tribune) desire to direct the attention of that sworn foe of centralisa tion, Senator Bavard, to. the following anecdote of Buchanan, which just now is being actively circulated : — One of the old members of Congress from the South told a pleasing story of President Buchanan's administration. It was at the wedding of Senator Bob Toombs' daughter. The President was among the guests, and was the first to offer congratu lations. The bride was a beautiful woman, and the President naturally ex tended the customary kiss. Then, stepping aside, he allowed Mr M'Sweeney, Con gressman from South Carolina, to come up. Mr M'Sweeney made the usual congratulatory, remarks, and added — ' I suppose I may give a kiss also ?' *' No !:1 raid Buchanan, drawing hitnself up magniGcently, 'I kiss for the nation.' When he has read and pondered upon the anecdotc, perhaps the Senator will inform the American people if, in his opinion, Mr Buchanan took the correct Democratic ground. Is it the Jeffersonian doctrine that kissing is a State, not to say an individual, right, or one of the rights that are to be regarded as rightfully surren dered to the General Government? It will strike many thoughtful people that in laying down the proposition that he kissed that bride 'for the nation,' Mr Buchanan, was asserting the pestiferous heresy of centralisation in its most odious form. What do you say, Mr Bayard ? A Useful Bath. — A Russian bath for private hfeu3es has just been patented in kew York' which can be connected with an ordinary heater or kitchen range and costs complete about lOOdol. It is of the size of an ordinary bath-tub with one per forated tube along the side rim, out of which proceed both hot and cold water. The bather is provided with an india rubber over-all and anindia-rubberscreen. The screen is fastened over the bath-tub to keep in the steam, and the bather sits on a wooden bench with his feet on a wooden stool, and the over-all fitting neatly to his neck allows the steam from bene.ilh the screen i i pass up into the garment. This' bath is medicated by an apliaiatus w.hicji instills its perfume into th j water or, steam. Floating Bricks and their Uses. — I Some of our scientific contemporaries have ' been alluding to flouting bricks, which | were manufactured by the way as early as the days of Strubo, and probably earlier sti'l. It seems that about the close of the last cntury these bricks were brought into very considerable public notice in Tuscany, but to what precise utility we are not specifically informed except in one case, wherein a certain Tuscan named Fabroni 1 uilt the powder magazine of a wooden ship with these bricks, and the vessel was set on fire and burned not only tc the water's edge, but until she sank, without the explosion of the powder. There may be a hint here for some of our inventors possibly. A good deal of gun powder and the like in the explosive line has to be exported, and the case of the Great Queenslander, bound for Australia with a laige cargo of gunpowder, which is believed to have blown up off Bilbao, points to the need for patent ' magazine ships' for the carriage of explosives. — Invention.. A Proud Reflection. — Lord Tenter-, den was not ashamed of his origin. On one occasion he took his son Chailes to a little shed (then standing opposite Canter bury Cathedral), and, pointing it out to him, said, 'Charles, you see this little shop ; I have brought you here on purpose w ouu« ib tAJ juu. iu i-uai ouujj juui grandfather used to shave for a penny ! That is the proudest reflection of my life.' A Monster Dog. — The largest dog in the world is said to be owned by a resi dent in Albany, U S.A. This monster mastiff, Senator, measures 7ft from his nose to the tip of his tail, aud weighs 1601b. Mr H. Thompson notifies that he has made greater reductions in his clearing- out ?ale. Thp-date of tbe 1 'enguin sale has been altered to Monday, March 30. A meeting of the Albert Junior Football Club will be held at the Workmen's Club this evening at 8 o'clock. Entries for the All-comers, Bicycle, and Old Scholars' Races, to be run at the City School Athlttic Sports, will close on the 27th inst. The entries for the Schoolboys' Races will cl se on April 6. Messrs. Hinman, Wright and Co. intimate that by the 1st of April they will have removed to more convenient premises, next to Mr David Scott's, in Central George-street. 