— ^I^L'PY NEW YEAR. harvesting at our pleasant H '"TooWmerang had lasted over the home aij. thjs yuar) aitl„ragli our bay ' NcB 'j the heaviest we lrul ever been "T^tiith while labor was harder to get 1 any previous season, a reaper and tV*,', 1 " "vfch the gentlemanly agent of an ''"'rlisii firm had induced dear old dad to 1 t in i'W'iicn when at the National Show, en- Tu us without outside help to have the *jj ]e ,;rop in the stack and safely roofed by Da.v. This enabled us to pay the i\«l races a visit on the 26tto and -27th and ^e siwrt we had. Babesvale, where onr sporting festival is held, is a homely ^untrv town with, what few towns in Australia -can boast of. a river which is navi-able right alongside the main street. i rirer which has 110 evil associations, no •oartv depths, but which, taking its-rise! anion): the snow-crowned summits of <li« d'ioJiug rauge, leaps headlong through Jeep ravine and over rugged reefs, then sparkles o'er miuv colored pebbles, among the finer ..ravels of which are stones wliico, >sec and pushed, would make the fortune of a Uni.Urv. Then as the hills fa* back from it IK character*changes, the ,«bbles in its bcl bccomes smaller, its stroll more placed, uutil at Coolgumerang it winders peacefully throu'U rich alluvial covered with dovcr and cocksfoot, whe« the shorthorns irau-iuillv chew the cud»l content, and thchurses standing in the s'-f«e of the spreading rums. seem largely 'satis6ed with their surroundings, then o' through maize fields and hop gardens till't reaches Babesvale, where the steamers'or Sale are busy loading lip with cargo for tie Metropolitan markets, for after all the of everythiug in the country districts tints Its way to Melbourne, •especially at Cbristnas tide and New Year. Well to resume in" story, I, Bullocky Bob, Ufflv* Avesmai^once a wgll-known Wefrbpolitan Wlil-wcight, anJ a.part)' oT youug ladies ifim over the Creek were to ride, while did, who is the starter, and a cut above/he common at it, drove the cuother the girls. The trip was nothiu" a) ns, though Elliott the schoolmaster?* vpo is lately from town, seemed f standing during the meeting, and lentibis horse to one of the boys on our return fid drove home with Sue. Still he f merry, and I always thought him ; sort of chap. A party of Melbourne friends of his bad come down, aud we got the? t» join our party, but I thought sister Siy looked a bit surprised and not too well j)leased when Elliott went for a quiet stroll «it& a Miss Petrie, a girl X thought exceedingly pretty. However, perhaps I •was mistaken, but when going for some •water I saw them in deep conversation I must own I did uotfeel that Elliott was quite as pleasant as I had hitherto thought him. Still, he was unlike most town fellows, for lie was A1 at cricket, could run, jump, svrestie and uBe the " fives " very prettily, and was certainly good-looking if you like •dark hair aud eyes. Miss Petrie was very fair, and, of course, unlike him, being tall, aiiQe be was a little under the middle {•eight. Well, about the races, I can't say £ paid aft much attention as usual to them, for do what I would I caught myself watch ing Miss Petrie, and when I was trying to estimate weights I found myself wondering if he and Elliott were engaged,. and whether I should like her as a neighbour when they got married, and rather though I shouldn't care -about it, and that I'd fike to go to Queensland. About the racing? Weil, uncle's Wollomai filly won the Produce Stakes, and the Handicap caused great excitement, as one of Squire Walhalla's cracks which had won in Melbourne •was thought a certainty, but went down before a locally-bred colt to the great joy of •our district. A very pleasant ball wound up the racing, and here I secured Miss Petrie for two or three dances, and found her as pleasant as she was pretty. We had a long chat, and she expressed a great love of country life, which she said she hoped soon to gratify by coming to live among 11s, as Mr. Eitiott would soon have the house ready. Sue, dancing with Elliott, passed as she said iliis, and, turning very white, stopped, disked to-excuse her, and to leave her with her mother. He anxiously inquired if she were unwell,but sayingthe room was hot,she cut liiui rather short. I felt fairly staggered, and, savage at Elliott's having kept lis affairs .so •. ;'••'] I Jliss I'cbie—" I was unaware you were curaged." Looking amazed, " What ever do vou mean, 1 ' she cried, " do you not know ' that he is my half brother, that mamma has twice married, tb«S he is her eldest and I lier youngest, and that I am to fit up his •lew house for him. You mill hardly believe me, that cross as I was at Elliott for letting me make such an ass of myself, still I never liked him better than at that instant." Sue, •who had just prevailed on mother to retire, •was leaving the ball-room and met us a little frigidly when I blurted out—"Sue did you know Miss Petrie aud lilliott are brother and sister." " What do you mean?'' she replied. I explained the embroglio, and somehov Sue altered lier mind, saying to the mater " I hardly think you should hurry us off like this, uiy dear." A charge the dear old lady was about to refute when Sue stopped her answer with a kiss. Elliott, who was and is a great favourite of the old lady, cainc up, aud as he and I had the same room at the hotel I -saw his programme afterwards and the number of times my sister's name appeared thereon was certainly remarkable. Strange to say he made a similar remark as to the manner in which mine was tilled. Well, the races lnsing over, Elliott and his sister came home with us, iuid next dayurged dad, the mater. Sue and I to return "to Melbourne with them and see the New Year's Day Racing in Melbourne. Well as I told you harvesting had hitherto prevented a visit to marvellous Melbourne at this season, but this time 1 resolved I'll go, and Sue being of like mind of course the old folks came also. The fares by boat and coach and rail were all cut so low that the cost of the trip was a trifle, while every theatre in Melbourne had a novelty fresh from London for our delectation, and dad. who can talk pedigree by the hour, was promised a trip to St. Albans, Bundoora, and Mordialloc, where training stables and stud farms were open to his inspection. I, who never had been celebrated as a squire of dames, felt that such service was bliss. I found Bertha Elliott, I always did admire the name of Bertha, really liked Gordon's poems, and as to me they are as stirring as the sound of the pibroch to a Highlander, we were in unison at once. Speeding across the lakes we discussed our favorites' merits, aud almost ere our voyageseeinedtoliave begun Sale was reached. Here we spent a delightful evening, and after resting at the Club were soon emvtlie for the delights of the city. On the boat, in the train, and in the great city, everyoue was speaking of the wonderful programme the Victoria Racing Club has issued for the New Year's Day Meeting, and no wonder as you will see wheal tell you THE NORMANBY "STAKES Is the first great event to be decided, and as all the best Victorian, Sojjth Australian, and Sydney two-years-old are engaged in it, iucluding Acme, Blairgowrie, Maddelina, as veil as a host of dark youngsters, the race should be a most exciting and interesting one; for these two-year-old performances afford the best indications as to Derby and Cup winners. But, fond as weGippslandera are of two-year-old racing, we are equally sweet on a good Handicap, and on many a station men can be found who are as au fait to performances and breeding as the veriest habitues of the rooms; so the way Mr. Barnard had apportioned the burdens in THE STANDLSH PLATE Interested UB greatly. What a good horse Malta is! and in placing him Sib. above Sheet Anchor (even when the latter has 9sto'b.), it's evident Mr. Barnard thinks so too, and it's a .big drop from theJatterto .MoonsheeatSst. 121b. and Middlemarch at Sst. 111b., and Mcrrimu, who is an unlikely starter, at a like weight cannot complain. Between Chuckster, Sst. 91b„ and Napier, Sst., axe such a host of celebrities as Stafioil, Britisher, The Ghost, Lord Wilton, Gratitude, Plausible, Madcap, Anchorite, Veloopede, Sea Horse, and Ringviaster; whiltf between Sat and 7st. The Bohemian, Omferto, Ironmaster, Remus, Jocular, Nodblk, Duration, Albanus, Mentmore, Unas, Allan der, Mirie Louise, Lesbia, Laangton, and First Light, are all masters of j neir burdens, and a host of speedy ones art in below these weights. I have a notion tlat the top weight, Middlem&rcli;, The (Most, Lantern, Lesbia, and Albanus will ftfht it out at the finish if the first- named is parted, and a win for the Adelaide division vouUl not astouish tne. However, if a fippslander has a passion it's for what Irishmen call a " lepper " cither of big or Irishmen call and a' it's the latter we have to little sticks, anc /deal with in ' THE HURDLE RACE. Royal Maid is at the head of affairs with 41st. 101b., as The Agent, having executed his mission, has retired ; but I think Gasalier—a Gippslander, too—ought to beat her. Insolvent has shown himself fast—a common characteristic of insolvents; and the next one that pleases me is Omadhaun, lOst. 41b. Sinking Fund's owner thought after being beaten at Elsternwick under lOst. 21b., for a mile aud half, that 9st. 121b. was too much in a longer journey." Of Oculist I hear good accounts, and Blue Mountain has a lot of upcountry victories on the flat to his credit. Distiller, Sensation, The Chief, and Cockboat, please me most of the others, and Cockboat, Gasalier, and Omahaun, may fill the places. THE BAGOT PLATE of one mile and three-quarters should bring out a field, but who would not go from NhU to Sale to see Sheet Anchor, Malua, 1 Reginald, Off Color, amlGiace l^irling meet at weight for age, though I own to a liking for Malua, with the mare next. THE -STEEPLECHASE; boasts a splendid field, and with twenty horses entered it takes a bit of picking; of this lot, Governor and Chester II. are the only Gippsland representatives, and I fancy the result will be Naming, Stadley, Morwritten, though Goodwood is certainly dangerous. THE MIDSUMMER HANDICAP is next, and as this is a mile-and-a half, Sheet Ajichor is at the head of affairs with 9st. 51b. closely pressed by Reginald, 9st. 21b., Off Color with Sst. 111b. These are all dangerous, while Seahorse, Duration Gipsy's Warning, aud Gasalier look best of the other thirty-five. THE CRITERION STAKES, a handicap for two-year-olds, brings wonderful bill of fare to a close, and here I fancy The Nun, Phoebe Walton, and Dividend will divide the honors. Now, as all country people love sport, and fresh air and green grass, especially at a season " when pasture lands harden, and drought fissures yarn." who would not wish to press their foot on the elastic sward with which Flemington is covered, and to see seven great races, with added money amounting to two thousand three hundred and fifty pounds, while everything which can be done for visitors' comfort is provided —hot water, fresh milk, and all requirements for afternoon tea included. The handsome suite of rooms, over 500 feet, has just 1M±RU decorated by Messrs. Schultze & Dutusbure, aud is most elegantly and artistically colored. It is the most perfect piece of room decoration I have yet seen in the colonies. Who can wonder that the whole party of us have resolved to be at Flemington on New Year's Day, and so my dear fi i'end I'll hope to meet you, and con tidentially I don't mind letting you know that I've given up my Queensland notion and I've come to think that single life is a mistake, and I fancy that Elliott won't keep his housekeeper long, as she has confessed to me she would prefer not living in a township, while strangely enough Sue says a country township is just what she likes, as there is more society there than on a farm. She and Elliott seem thoroughly to understand one another, and after we have seen the races we have agreed to return together to Coolgunierahg, and should you -watch the marriage column of the Argus I fancy you will see four names you are familiar with, or I, Tom Fanner, shall be much mistaken. 