SPORTING NOTES. RACES TO COMB. Oastwkw,-Docombor 0. January l. .TaxtanooIjA.-December 28. MoltoGamdieh.-January!. Nomination,December lf>, Weights, Docombor 10. Aocoptanoos, December 3} i ? ' ' ? Kisoston,-January 14. nomination, Docombor 23\. Wolghts, January 5. Acceptances, January 11. Beaohport ia to the fore with a capital programme of sea sports, which are to be brought off on the 28th inst, (the anniversary of the founding of the colony), Addod to the fun to be derived from the acjuatio con tests is the pleasure of a oheap trip by rail to the seaside. Boaohport is oertain to have its quota of ploasuro-seekcrs. The Victorian eleven for the intercolonial orioket matoh with New South Wales, whioh will begin on the 26th Deoomher, will be soleoted from the following players i~Messrs, Bruce, Blackhatn, Boyle, Edwards, Groubo, Horan, Harry, Houston, Lewis, Midwinter, Morris, Mollwraitb, MoShano, palmer, Ro> bertson, Spofforth, Scott, Swift, Slight, Trurablo, Trinniok, Turner, Walters, and WorraH, Saturday last at Moonee Valley turned out a most eujoyablo day, both as regards the weather and the oharaoter of the sport, No less than seventeen horses Btarted for tho Maiden Plate, whioh was won by Vaaooaa, with Medoa second and Trishna third. Muscat and William Tell wore the seleoted ones for the Harvest Handicap, and they finished first and second, Borkoloy getting third. Goodwood appropriated tho Steeple chase after a fino (inish with Starfish, and tho Selling Raco was won by tho favorite, Meander. Tho meeting concluded with tho Haymakers' Handicap, whioh was carried off by VVilliam Tell, Muscat and Fornloa gain ing tlio situations, During the past wook an interesting case in oouneotion with tho turf has been occupy ing the attention of Mr. Justice Windeyer and a jury at the Darlioghurst Court, New South Wales, Thocaao woa notoonoluded, tho jurymen being disnharged, as tbey could not agree to a verdict. It was stated, however,that tho parties bad previously arrived at a settle ment, The action was instituted by a peraon named Barry to reoover L100 from a man named Hegarty, In 1884 oach of the parties took a ticket in a " oonsulation" on the Mel bourne Oup, whioh that year was won by Malua, Tho defendant Hegurty was fortunate enough to draw Malua, while Barry drew Ofi Color. After tbey became aware of tho horses they had drawn they agreed to " save" L100 that is if either of the two horses won the holder of the winning tioket Was to give the other L100, out of the prlae, Malua, as stated did win, but Hegarty declined to pay tho L100, alleging that he had been induced by fraud to enter into the agreomeut. The fraudulent representation complained of consisted in Barry having produced a telogram whiph he said he had roceived from Mel bourne, to the following effect:-" Of? Color and Malua equal favorites. Plausible nest. Off Color will win." It was on the strength of j this that Hegarty ontured iuto tho agroement as regards the L100. but he refused to pay, because he afterwards discovered that no such tolegram bad been received by Barry, who had therefore deceived him. Some of the remarks of Mr. Justice VVindeyer, iu summing up, were important to the sporting world. His Honor said " This io not in any legitimate sense of the term a sporting transaction, It 1b a gambling transaction pure and simple, A sportsman is a man who is a good rider, fond of horses, a good shot, a good orioketor, a skilful angler, fond of sport for the uake of sport itself, not for the greed ol money or for tno unhealthy and vlolous excitement of gambling. Many peoplo ooolly flattered themselves that they wero horse-raoing sportsmen who perbnps nevor eat In a saddle and who did not know a single point of a horse-who did not know it? wither from its fetlock, or Its hook from Its mano-but who watohoa with avidity the prloea of the horses in the betting market, and made ft noble sport a mere pretest for gambling, too many of them risking money which thoy oould not afford to lose for the purpose of winning reoney whlob It was discreditable to goln, Such poople ypere no more entitled to bo called sportsmen than was a man who bought an indecent photograph entitled to bo called an artist 1" Tho following story, told by Mr. Smith, of Wklmplo, ia extraordinary. Ha had long desired to bavo q rookory on hia property, and bad oiado sevoral attoppts to attract tho rooka, As countrymen know, they are ourloua biida, . Why they go to certain places no ona can tell, but if thoy do not choose the places themselves iiooudoavouia to keep them are Bucctpsful, In 1880 a daughtor ol Hampton end Hippodrome ma bom and aara&l; Bookeyy. In 1882 this flno maroi made bar cfaWoR thq raoeaoursa ^Ith much piSQpm payment gwnlwj'ftQd la i the delight of Mr. Smith, rooks took up their abode in his woods. The birds, seemed to take most kindly to their new abode, and whilo Rookory was winning her races the Whimple rookory flourished, That she ought to have won the Oaks noxt year is still the opinion of all who were connected with her j only Bhe did not, for two of Lord Rosubery's primroao and roao hoopod jackets-which are soon to vanish from the Turf-were beforo her. In 1884 she mado two unsuccessful attempts, and was turned out of training, That year the rooka loft Whimplo, As she disappeared from the Turf thuy disappeared from the tjeea, and there has never been a rook there Bince, Tha coincidence is odd, and if either the Fat Man or Grafisie can explain away the circumstance, then carry me out on a hurdle I A oorrospondont wi'iteB to an English sporting Journal" Reading jour anecdotes of runaway horses puts me in mind of a Btoxy I have often heard when a boy, whloh happened to a fast coaoh that ran between two towns in the West Midlands some forty five or fifty years ago. As was customary, tho coach pulled up at a small pubiio-house four miles from the town on the laBfc atage to put down parcels, &o.; The only passenger was a gentleman, sitting behind with the guard. The coaohman (a man I well remember, and a first class whip), got down for a rain.ute to warm himself, as it was a dark, cold winter evening, about 8 p.m. | he came back promptly, took hold of his reins, and with his foot on the box of the wheel called out 'right,' The ostler lot tbe leaders' beads go, and hy some mishap the ooaohman lost his footing, and was flung on to his baok in the road, The guard, who was in the aot. of swinging himself up, hearing'the coachman fall, jumped down, and away wont tho reins on the ground-the passenger, finding, no ooachman, got down, and was considerably damaged by landing on his bands apd knees in the road, Tho horses oontiuued their way at, I fancy, a faster pace than, usual; went through two turnpikes which were open, across a narrow bridge oyer a river, and thiough a still narrower old Norman gateway in the middle of tho main street of the town, pulled up opposite the hotel as was customary, but having oomo faster than usual, and no horn being Bounded, nobody was out in the street j finding nobody to meet them, the horses Btarted on again to the top of the street, round two very sharp corners, into a very narrow street, and pulled up at their own Btabloa safe and sound, without the least damage to'ooaoh orhoraoa," 80 the passenger would have done better to have sat tight if ha could havo dono bo without being flight ened out of his wits. The trainer of Hermit for his Derby success, George BIobb, died at Newmarket a few weekB ago. The news reoalls tbe events of that most sensational race, concerning which the following Btory is told i-Captain Maohell, as the world Is aware, was managing Mr, Chaplin's horaoa, and though there had been no actual miBunderatanding between Lord Hastings and Captain Machell, the circum stances of the ease made it natural that there should have.been no intercourse between thorn, Lord HuatlngB stood to win a large fortune on hia own animal, and did not for a moment apprehend tbe faintest danger from Hermit, who was generally believed to bo uuflt, givou to brealdug blood-vessels, and altogether without tha ghost of a chance, Tl"f ±1._ L- /~i . . m» .. uuuiv wo 1UV«| iiuwevor, uapMUn lUUCneU met Lord Hastings, and told him that the public impression about Hermit was entirely wrong, that the horse was Dot only well, but, in spite of the price, exceedingly likely to wln( and bogged him to gave some of the mouey on Mr. Chaplin's cult,.pointing out that a vory email outlay would, in the event of success, briny in a largo etalio, for Hermit started at 66 to 1, Lurd Hastings refused, vowing that nothing could make him believe that Hermit was worth oonBldorution. How Hermit won, and the bearer of the crimson and white hoops was defeated, turf history relates, Lord Hastings was pruoiically ruined; but nevertheless, he was among the first to congratulate Captain Maohell, and to thank him ior the advice he had proffered, RUSTIOUS. . MENINOIE POUND, -Impounded - One red cowi with white face, and a few white spots on body, with roan oftlf at foot, no brands visible on either j one white cow, with red spots. with white oalf at foot, no brands visible, If nob oluimed, will be sold December, 2$, 1685, at noon,-H, B. HAOKET, poundkeeper, , . MUNDALLAPOUND.-Irapounded-r-Onebrown horse, branded like A50, slightly saddle-marked, If not claimed will be sold December 15, 1885, at noon,-D, KEMP, poundkeeper. A terrible tragedy is reported from Brest. A tradesman in that town a' few d&ya; 6go drowned his wife and three children in apond and then gave himself up to the police. There is no doubt that he was insane, 