PARIS OSSINP. (ni ot O ws col masen .OWm ) (Co.ldlid.) The Conlte d' Hfrison has just pblilmJ his "journal." He was on the staff of the army of Paris, pending the siege. Speaking English and German fluently, he was am in dispensable actor in all the negotiations with Germany. It was he who wrote the capitulation of Paris, as dictated by Compte Moltke. M. d'Herisson saw a good deal of service in the Chinese war under General de Montauban. He states, reflecting the present conflict, that it is for France a most frightful adventure ; the o ae t does not know to where it is eomduct the nation; it is a bottomless gulf, whee all lauling up to it lhas been charactetiud by unexampledl blulering." The volesi abounds in anecdotes of oontempees celelrities of which I may give a ]ie o two. The princess Clotilde, when tý . Lond empire collapsed, refused to "blt." As a King's daughter, she dispyed t pluck of Victor Emmanuel, so she 'sle in an opn carriage, and was respectfuly saduted by the crowd. The committee of National defence voted themelvee a salary on the base of 50,000 francs a year: It was Rochefort who put his feet down on the plan, he refused all indemnity as a member of the provisional government. It was M d'Herisson who was directed to collect and pack up all the personal effects of the Em press, and to forward them to her. He wasI'one of'the loitposts to' claim the'body ?eisdrialr Guilhelm, who. was killed by. no lr' ess'thaii' l2 balls The emains were carried by the Prussians on eight Uhlan lances; ''eoverid with flowers and 'foliage,. and as it p'iaed along,' the 'Prussian sentries and *'gnaids saluted the body with' solemn' and military honors. He found the duplicate of "'ile? ptch' from the Empress to her hus 'band,' imploring him on no account to come i to Paris, 'as his' presence would be cpn s' idered 'owardice, and would give rise tb a frightful revolution. She told him to re ~niember'how the' Prince Napolcon's career S;never recovered from' his bolting from the Crimea. Perhaps the most curious document . is a-draft proclamation from General Trochu to the Parisians, telling them to have every * confidence in the result of the defence of the ý.? capitai, with the sunal fireworks about love :of'country, self denial. &c.; This practical ejoke was dated the very day of the capitu lation. Trochu lamented that he had an army that would not fight, and a national guard that would not surrender. . lr-. Andrieux continues to furnish very piquant details of his experiences while he waYnefect of Police during the infant days .'ofAtllhpresent Republic. He states' that everybody, who is anybody, has his bio graphy registered in the police archives. Naturally, on entering on duty, the first act of 'I; Andrieux was to look up his own life, written by the detectives He found a mass of details quite new to him, and many inci dents that he himself had forgotten recorded. . Thedetectives, it seems, 'detect themselves. There does not appear to be any dificulty in .,:tagging on additions. All is grist that comes to the mill. Each employe brought the dossier of his life for M. Andrieux to read. All this may explain the eagerness of the Communists to burn down this State paper office. Thanks to a timely' fall of snow, the un employed have some work in keeping the streets clear. Judging from the appearance of the poor fellows, that is not their ordinary calling. The attempt to hold a monster meeting of the hungry classes in the open air has fallen through ; it was prohibited, and the promoters decided not to provoke a collision with the police and troops, as a -riot would certainly ensue. There is nothing markedly amusing either inside or outside the theatres. However, we have the "aitti-deists." They are a so ciety of lunatics, who have for their sole aim to eradicate the name God (Dier) from all conversation and writing. Expulsion from the society is the sole penalty, just as other codes have only death. In " Ragabas," Sardon depicts his club of freethinkers., who inflict a fine of half a franc on any member who pronounced the word God. Laws become more severe with progress it seems. It looks tyrannous to ostracise a man for bid ding a friend "a-dieu," or invoking a bene. diction when he sneezes. The "polymorphists" are a queer set. A leading artiste (not Sarah Bernhardt) gave a 'file a few evenings ago, and at midnight the "ghost quadrille" was played, the ladies and their ris-i-ri-s being clad in winding sheets, then ensued a kind of hide and seek around coffins. Finally the latter served as a supper table, the drinking cups were skull pattern, and on the plates was a border of cross bones.' S'The exhibition of 1SS9Owill be a perma nent structure, the site of the Champs de Mars having been obtained for that purpose. It is not yet decided whether the building will be a gigantic whole or an asseinbly of little structures. .Why should not every ex hibitor be allowed to erect his own temple \--of fame? "Indicate the reforms necessary for France," was the subject given to the col legians of Boulogne-sur-mer,'to try their .prentice political hands upon. The Rcpmblique Fntrtaice objects'to the clergy praying for thi 'Government-even for nothing?to f ,? . ' i ': 