ANOTHER GROWL FROM " LIBRA." TO THE EDITOR. .—I am, &c.; , LIBRA. Sir—In your leader of April 27, on the financial position and the revenue returns, with reference to the receipts for the 10 per cent, deposit upon the resale of surrendered selec- tions, you say—" It is fortunately impossible to repeat this spendthrift discounting' of the valuable future, and even if Parliament con sents to extend the time for surrendering (which is somewhat doubtful) the new law could hardly come into operation in time for any deposits to be paid into the Treasury during this quarter." I was under the im pression that the Ministry had the power under the regulations ot extending the time during which selectors might surrender with out obtaining the sanction of Parliament. lam glad to see by your remarks that such is not the case, and trust that the Parliament will refuse to sanction any extension of time for the surrender of credit selections. In face of the aJmittedly shameless manner in which the public estate has been plundered of hundreds and hundreds of thousands of pounds, in face of the statement by a fanners' advocate that these concessions are "an incomprehensible fiece of folly which farmers never wanted," of a wheat-growers' advocate that the million one hundred thousand pounds that will go in con cessions to credit selectors will only benefit,," a few who have been allowed to surrender and buy in much below value," any Ministry who ad vocate a continuance of such an iniquity deserve impeachment; and any member of Parliament who countenances such robbery and spoliation should be immediately called upon by his constituents to resign the trust so flagrantly and wantonly betrayed. But this million one hundred thousand pounds of which the public revenue has been defrauded by these wheat growers, in addition to the millions spent in worse than useless immigration, in railroads, roads, bridges, post and telegraph stations, and other conveniences for their benefit, by no means covers the sum of their iniquitous l>roceedings. It will be within the memory of most of your readers that " protection" was given to credit selectors as against the capitalist and squatter—and an increased area of their holdings allowed, on the pleaand understanding that such "protection" and "encouragement would enable them to combine dairy produce, and—to a limited extent—grazing with wheat growing, thus enabling them to supply the requirements of the community for these pro ducts, and prevent die exhaustion of the land resulting from continual cropping with cereals. But what do we now find to be the case mow that they have got possession of the public estate? What but that we have been "pet ting, pampering, and protecting" a class of men who are as much to be relied on as a Russian diplomatist In confirmation of this statement, read statements made at what is called the South Australian "Fanners'" Association (which would be far more appro priately named if called the South Australian Wheat-growers' Association), and letters whish have appeared in the public press. As an instance, at the monthly meeting of the " Baroota and Telowie" branch of the above august association (I wish they would say how many members were present) a speaker is credited with saying with reference to the Tariff Revision Assuciation'scircul&r; that " the suggested duty on butter and barley was only meant as a sop to ihf farmers." Whatever it may be to " fanners" it is evidently not whit "wheat-growers" want. What they want is not "a sop," a whole loaf even will not con tent them. They want a whole " batch" and the oven given into the bargain, and they won't get it. Their insatiable grasping greed has o'er leapt itself—the country is waking up to the fact that the whole colony does not exist for the sole benefit of wheat-growers, who want their land for nothing, labor for next to nothing, and carriage of their produce at a price that does not pay—to enable them to realise the poetic fcxprestaon " tickle the land and it will smile into a harvest;" in other words scratch the ground as if an army of cats had gone over it for six weeks or two months of the year ; drive the stripper through the crop for another month or six weeks, and allow them the balance of the twelvemonths to "fly round" or lay on the broad of their back in indolence, in a great many instances leaving their machinery ?"d implements, the price of which appears to be so great a grievance, without the shadow of ''protection," to be shrunk and blistered by the summer s sun, and rotted and rusted by the winter's rain, entailing a far greater loss than any tariff would be likely to enhance their price. So long as wheat-growers located oa credit selections can obtain a lazy and luxu rious living under the "patting, pampering, and protecting" conditions I have named, it is very unlikely they will trouble themselves with producing butter, cheese, poultry, eggs, bacon, or any other products which " fanners properly eo-c&Ued; cultivate- These products re quire constant attention all the year round as most other industries and manufactures do ; but this the wheat growers looks npon as drudgery, and his soul abhors it. How many wheat-gTOA-ere homesteads does one see that have been established for years that have no signs of any atten-.pt at the formation of a garden or orchard —without the ghost of a vegetable, a flower, or a fruit tree— to admirister to their own comfort or necessi ties. It would be as reasonable to expect to gather f rapes off thorns and figs off thistles as to expect men who are too slothful to exert themselves for their own welfare to do so for the public good. I was recently told by a grntienisn who was formerly a member of a survey party camped in a locality they were likely to occupy for several months, that they roughly fenced a plot of ground with scrub ana planted a variety of vegetables and brought a number of fowls with them, and that wheat-growers who had been settled in the neighborhood for years actually came to them to obtain vegetables and eggs. One would have thought a sense of shame of their in dolence Would have prevented them. But because wheat-growers are too indolent and slothful to produce batter, cheese, hams, bacon, potatoes, vegetables, or fruits, it is no reason that then-fore the public shouri not S've some encouragement and protection to c industrious and intelligent "farmer," pro l*rly so-called of the south and south-eastern l*rt of the colony, who has given a good price for his land, and honestly paid for it too, and has devoted his time and energies to the culti vation of the articles I have named and others nf a like nature, and has enriched himself and the colony as 15 or SO is to one in proportion to the area <<ecupied as compared with these northern areas wheat-growers, many of whom, from wliat can be gathered from remarks re ported to be made at aoineof their meetings, ap peartobe retired or superannuated storekeepers, undertakers, or what Americans call '"bag men," and probably are as well qualified to pro |*rly cultivate the soil as I am to fulfil the duties of an archbishop, with possibly the ex- i coition of the undertaker, who has had some experience of putting tilings under the soil in | "the hope of a glorious resurrection." Bat a further confirmation of the "false pretences" ' by which the public has been plundered of its estate by these wheat growers, and an illustra tion of shameless impudence and ingratitude b contained in the assertion of one of their cham i?iona,that those occupied in other industries are nothing to them—thatintheir " gracious condescension" they sell us " a little of their produce as a favor—merely to oblige us!" One can only wonder if the man who could pen such a statement can be aware that the perpebators of offences more venial against sound morality, of far less turpitude against linvate property, have been sentenced to im prisonment and hard labor! The champions of free-trade are very glib with the assertion — "All protection means robbing somebody." It is very apparent that the sooner the " robbery" of the public estate under " false pretences," supplemented by insolence and effrontery in consequence of the " protection" to the wheat grower against the squatter and the capitalist is put a stop to the better, otherwise when the l&S; leases fall in these wheat-growers will probably tor the nonce assume a less arrogant demeanor, and in meek and beseeching words implore further ''protection" to enable them to "combine pastoral and dairy fanning with agriculture until they have acquired the fee-simple of the land, when no doubt we shall again be told we "are nothing to than," "the world is their market," and that it is only out of " gracious con descension" that they sell us their produce "merely to oblige us;" but I trust the old proverbs "Once bitten, twice shy" and "Fore warned is fore-armed" will receive some little attention from the people and Parliament of South Australia. If wheat-growers waut to be relieved of their selections let them surrender. But don't allow them to be again taken up Ufun the absurd terms that they have hitherto betn; ltt them be leased, but leased only, not sold; and before ISStS I hope and trust public opinion will prevent a single acre ?f the public estate being alienated to wheat-growers or any other man. Another grand idea enunciated at a wheat growers' meeting was the repeal of the poll tax upon Chinese so that wheat-growers "might obtain laborers at 3d. per day " —as a quid pro quo as it was termed tor increased duties proposed_ by the Tariff Revision Asso ciation. That is to say, supposing a wheat grower now einploy-6 three men at £1 per week, the incidence of an increased scale of Customs' duties of from 5 to 10 per cent., sup posing it increased his expenditure by that amount, which it will not, would necessitatehis reducing his expenditure for labor from £3 to 4s. 6d. per week, or a difference of £144 tfe. par annum. Does a wheat-grower who employs three men upon his selection expend £1,443 per annum upon dutiable goods * Vet that is \ what this amounts to, and if he does not, what sense is there in representing an industry that has been "fostered" and "protected" to the tune of millions of pounds sterling out of the public revenue and estate as incapable of ]iaying more than 3d. per day for a man's labor, because of a trifling increase of Customs duties, which as a free-trade candi date bas demonstrated in some instances has red wd the price of the article protected ? If lie iiu> r-cce which this wheat-grower's speech suggests and justifies* has any £om#]jS3iaii*ut fact, it most unmistakably demonstrates that the wneafrcrowing industry can only be ex tended at die expense of the welfare and estate of the public, imd that any farther "conces sions," "fostering, 91 or " protection " will only resatt is the injDoverishinent of the colon ir generally 