? CRUMBS. Lord Curington has boon appointed Governor of New South Wales. Horticultural and Industrial Show to-day (Wednesday), in tho Assembly Hull. Land foivsale ; trespassers cautioned ; and servants wanted. See advts. In connection with the Gundagai annual races tho booths, -&c.;, wore sold last week, and lealii-ed a 1 1 . t :i 1 of £120. Some of tho culverts on the Gundagai railway line are absurdly small, and it would not surpriso us to .hear...of._ their_b.eing. washed away some day Two of the- Wagga volunteers who enlisted for the Soudan campaign, through some cause or other, ..have, thought it best- to re turn to their peaceable homes. The Bongongolong people are murmuring at. the ..(le_lajL.in_c.aminencing_the-ne.w_ school building for that place. The contractor's tender has been accepted over a month. A paper contains an advertisement of an enterprising tradesman, who at the end of it announces Ministers supplied with goods at cost price, if they agree to mention tho fact to their congregation.' A master said to his servant who had committod some impropriety : ' You are an ass, my friend !' ' I beg your pardon,' the man replied; 'ami an ass because I am your friend, or am I your friend because I am an ass ?' Through a hole in the asphalte on the footpath in Edinburgh- street, Richmond (Vic.), a Mr. Jamieson has been' iujured. He has instituted an action against the borough council for £1,000. Six-and-a-half feet of a bride stood boforo tho altar in a Melbourne church the other day, and promised to love, cherish, and obey three feet and a quarter of bridegroom — and that's tho long and short .of it. r . 'Joseph, my box of cigars disappears very quickly.' 'Yes, sir, I take them. I belong to the society against tho use of to bacco, and really I think my master smokes too much. We . believe that if every one would use -Hop-Bitters.freeiy-their- would be much less sickness and misery in tho world, and people are fast finding this out, whole families keeping well at a trifling cost by its use. We advise all to try it. Read. Mr. James Watson, M.L.A., has written to the Progress Committee, intimating that £200 for the repair of the Tarrabandra road, and £300 for tho Bethungra road near Yammatree, has been granted for expendi ture by tho h-!-al Road Superintendent, Mr. Murray. — (!nu-b --ja i, 1 'im cs . When an editor is in a hurry he doesn't. waste words by saying 'It rained. He simply writes — 'After many days of arid desiccation, the vapory captains marshalled their thundering hosts, and poured out upon scorching humanity and tho thoroughly incinerated vegetation a few inches of aqua pi uvialis A very painful accident happened to a .you n :g jmrnumm^LBroih erton ,_at_Jugio in g, _ last Wednesday. Ho was shoeing a horse which kicked him very severely in the face, and has left a nasty wound. Brotherton was brought to Gundagai, where Dr. O'Dwyer did tho needful surgery. — Gnnda- ffai-Timcs— ? ? ? ? Lake Cudgollico, Lachlan district, which has been quite dry for some time past, is again a fine sheet of water. For two days there was an overflow from the Lachlan which contributed a good deal, and the balance is the result of steady and con tinuous rain. It is estimated that there is now two years' supply there. The Wanrjaratta Chronicle says : — There has been despatched by rail from Wangaratta a lai'ge quantity of hay from Mr. Evan Evans' station here to his station at Roto. Tho hay was pressed by Mr. Smith on a new principle with simple American appara tus. A bale 3ft. Gin. and ISiu. by 14in. contains one hundred-weight of hay. A Mudgee paper says that a most distress ing scene occurred in the Roman Catholic Church during vespers. A young girl, who had been badly scared by the senseless per formance of an idiotic joker personating a ghost the other evening, was seized with a succession of fits, which disturbed and alarmed the whole congregation. The sufferer had to be carried home. It is said that these fits havo been brought on by the fright the girl underwont at tho timo when she was startled and dazed by what she imagined to be a supernatural apparition. There is a story of a school- master who on every available occasion eloquently denounced cruelty to animals. Ono day, when out with his class botanising, ho saw at a distance one of his scholars catch a bird and immediately let it go. Radiant with pride and delight at this proof of successful moral teaching, ho pointed out the noble little lad's goodness to his school-follows, and, hurrying up to him, patted his head and said, ' So you restored the poor littlo capfivo to his native freedom, my dear child?' ' Yes, and so would you too, if you'd bven mo, ' returned tho boy. '- Look hero where j the littlo boggar stuck his boak into me !' I 