THE INSTALLATION SERMON. The following is the text of the sermon preached by the Primate at St. Paul's Church, Deniliquin, 011 the occasion of the first service after the arrival of His Lordship, the Bishop of Riverina. IIi Lordship discoursed on Epbesians II, 21, '22. " In Christ the whole building, fitly framed, together groweth unto a holy temple in the Lord. In Christ ye also are builded together for an habitation of Gad through the spirit." In these remarkable words of the great Epliesian epistle are summed up in brief, the whole doctrine of the Holy Catholic Church as the whole body of Christ and Temple of the loving God. We have described the twofold growth of that church in all ages—first its growth as a whole in the grandeur of harmonious unity—s temple " fitly framed " by the hand of the Great Architect himself—nest the growth of its individual members " builded tocetfcer," (:a borrow a phrase from a corresponding passage in St. Peter) " as living stones," and becomiug each in his own personality "an habitation of God through the Spirit." These two principles of growth must always co-exist, always be harmonized together. In the one is the secret of order and unity, in -the other of vitality and progress. Take the former alone, and we have but a grand oppressive unity of system in which individual freedom and variety are lost, reproducing in the spiritual Bpliere the collossal despotisms of the great empires of the world. Take the latter alone and we have life indeed, but at the price of a disorganized and perhaps discordant confusion, such as belongs in things temporal only to the rude beginnings of society not yet risen to the dignity of civilized life. Take both together, as St. Paul takes them, each acting upon and modifying the other, and we bave the true spiritual unity, in which as iu the bodily frame so often compared that every member is instinct with fulness of life and yet are all one. eaoli serving the growth and welfare of the whole. It is the true unity, for it corresponds perfectly with human nature as it comes from the creative hand of God. No thoughtful man can be unaware that, 011 the one band, his nature has a perfect individuality of will, of thought of conscience, of spiritual aspirations in which be is alone from all human companionship, even the nearest and dearest 111 his deepest spiritual experiences, and therefore especially alone when, either iii life or death, be is face to face with God. Yet 011 the other hand even our hearts tell us by a deep instructive testimony that we are all bound together by an infinite complexity of ties—ties of family, ties of nationality, ties of sympathy, ties of spiritual communion.—so that the life blood of a common humanity thrills through all alike, and it is literally true of all peoples, nations and languages, thatif one member suffers or rejoices all members suffer or rejoice with it. Every form of human society must take cognizancc of these two great principles of .human nature and, perfectly or imperfectly, must arrange them together on pain, in case of neglect or failure, of disaster and deeay and death. No home, for example, deserves the name, which knows nothing of the loving unity in which is perfect freedom. No nation ean ever prosper unless individual liberty, havinL its right scope of energy, is tempered by the living force of loyalty and patriotism. Nay humanity itself can advance in that progress, which we call civilization, only when each nation or race follows the laws of its natural development, and yet all gladly recognise the voice within it the soul which calls them into the brotherhood of all mankind. Yet how hard it is to preserve this necessary harmony of what are apt to seem conflicting principles— hard at all times,—hardest when the field of their mutual action and reaction is co- extensive with the worid itself. In many a home—not least perhaps in many of our English homes—we know that it is largely realised though not without alternations in different generations and conditions of society, of excess of constraining authority, as in days past, and excess of undisciplined freedom, as in our own age and country. In every civilized nation again under many varieties of proportion the realization of this harmony is the very condition and advance and prosperity. If England stands forth in any way conspicuous among the peoples of the world certainly it is, by confession of all, ID virtue of some special happiness. But the brotherhood of humanity so far as it is, however imperfectly, not a dream but a reality, it has been first created by Christianity, and even those enthusiastic theories of life, claiming the name of religions which claim to supersede Christianity have borrowed from the Gospel and from the Ctiurch. Even in the family Christianity has given new life to the free natural unity, the farafly altar has beengreat.er than the family hearth. Even in the nation, especially our own English nation, it has always been true that a national Christianity has been the inspiration both of national unity and national freedom. But in respect of the unity of mankind the gospel has not ripened and exalted it, but created it as a reality, the Church of Christ has been the one 60ciety, one Catholic or universal in which all developments of race, of class, of individual, have grown in the perfect liberty of the children of God. And why is this ? The answer my brethem lies in those reiterated words, "in Christ." The unity which binds all souls together in the Communion of souls is a unity of each directly with Christ, indirectly through bim with all mankind. To the Corinthians St. Paul speaks of Christ as the head of every man; to the Ephesians, of Christ as the head of the whole Church. To the one (to vary the comparison) he tells of Christ as for each soul the one foundation ; to the other (as in the verse preoediug my text) of Christ as the chief corner stone, binding both the foundation and superstructure in one. So each of us is free, entering with no mediator but that of tbe Lord Jesus Christ, to the commuuion with the Father, as though he alone lived in that Father's sight ; and by that Mediator iu His ever renewed salvation, in His ever loving grace, he is 0 builded up for a habitation of God throuffii the Spirit." But yet the whole body is one because for each of its members there is, as St. Paul reminds us, in this very Epistle, the ooe spirit from whom all draw their inner life, the one Lord on whose salvation all rest alike, tbe one Father in whose entrance of love we all feel ourselves brethren indeed—each individual stone is lifted into its place by a special individualizing care, but there is running through all our Divine plan by which all the building is framed together in perfect design of usefulness and beauty, and so, as a whole, it grows into " a hely temple unto the Lord."' My brethren before all else it is essential that we recognise practically and vitally this inmost secret of the true spiritual life. Yet is it always felt as a real and all important thing? Do we always remember that if we intend to be Christians indeed our own personal Christianity must draw its continued inspiration from tbe knowledge of Christianity, the faith in Christ, the love of Christ, which are the conditions of realizing His unity with the soul. So we enter into the full truth of those ever recurring phrases of tbe New Testament which describe all Christian life as M the bearing Christ," the " putting on Christ," as " having Christ found within us,"'nay, which do not hesitate to say of the source of that life— w 1 live, yet Dot I i t is Christ who liveth in me;" and of the whole tenour of life—''To me to live is Christ "5 or again, when we long for the unity and progress of the Church do we constantly remind ourselves that it depends not so much on law, organization, rite, creed, though all those have their.infinite value as guarding or embodying the inner life, but upon the indwelling presence of Him who is in us always even to tbe end of the world. Do we seriously confess that when that Presence is forgotten or neglected there will be under all external grandeur and beauty, stagnation and decay which is the beginning of death ? Do we thankfully acknowledge that where it is made real by faith and love there is. in spite of all imperfectioD of symmetry, iu spite even of the lamentable breaches of unity which deface the walls of our Sion, the building will still be growing to a " holy temple of tbe Lord?" I fear not! If ever our own Christianity be in danger of judgments—a thing only of name and form—if tbe progress of our Church under difficulties and discouragements which it ought to conquer, it is because we have too much forgotten what is the true life of our Christianity—because we have made form and rite and system—not what they should be, helps to the true knowledge of Christ, but substituted for it. God grant us more and more for our own souls aud for the Church at large to enter itito those pregnant words of the text £51 Christ," aud to find in him the Divine Communion by which alone all humanity can liye the life which is worth living. Then nesf when we have thus learnt the secret of the undyitjS and increasing growth of the soul pud tbe church be it sure to remember that both these must continually go on together, and that it \B 3 poor unworthy Christianity which cares only for one and neglects the other. Surely against such one-sided conceptions our whole Church system bears continual witness, in the very means of grace to which it calls us. Think my brethren of Prayer. You know I trust the blessedness of that individual and private prayer in which the soul, shutting out all sights and sorrows of earth, all sweetness and bitterness of human companionship, enters into the solemn presence of our Father in Heaven, m the confession of sin, in the outpouring of praise, in the wrestling of supplication, and by that the secret communion grows in Christ to be a habitation of God. Yet was there not a special promise given by him to that united worship in which we have joined to-day. The expansion not of our individual Christianity but of the corporate Christianity of the whole Church in which we delight to live ourselves. It is not a substitute, but it is a grander supplicant of our private prayer, it is the magic spell under which tbe whole building rests like the fabled palace of old, by the very music of the devotion of all with one voice and one mouth—and grows into a holy temple in the Lord. Think again of our Holy Scripture. Tbe word of God spoken through the voice of Jesus Christ—surely we know that it is not only a means of illumination but a means of grace, striking root in new hearts till it be- comes "the engrafted word able to save the soul," improving the soul by illuminating power of the Holy spirit to enter into the mind of God, and to find the key of all the mysteries of being. The open Bible of our English Christians, in the hands and in the heart of every individual teacher—God grant us to have it and to use it more and more. But yet we know that God has promised, and has granted again and again, Hie special blessing to the teaching and preaching of that word in His Church, to which indeed be eave that Holy Scripture that she might also teach and witness. Who can estimate the value of that teaching and interpretation of the word in the ancient creeds, in the increasing worship of the Church in all generations, in the continued preaching of the Ministers of His Gospel, under which we have grown up in an atmosphere of Divine truth, not seen but felt, not analysed but breathed! So in tbe word of God. The:e is the wro -. th a: once of individual faith and of the faith of the whole Church each acting on the other, and neither being without the other made perfeot. Yet perhaps even more clearly, though iri inverse order, brethren in the same truth brought home to us as the Sacraments. They are the sacraments of the church ; unlike prayer and boly scripture they need the ministrations of the Church to the individual soul; they are the* sacraments of unity ; for in baptism the infant is grafted into the body of the Church of Christ. In the Holy Communion all are made one as partakers of tlie body and blood of the one Saviour. They might seem to beloujr to the collective life of the whole Church to which they then minister, and of which they have, both in abstract doctrine and in history proved the most effective in its service. But yet mark the tender individualizing power of grace which is brought home in both to every soul. How beautiful the ritual in Baptism whioh shows visibly how each infant is taken from the embrace of earthly, parentage into the arms of Christ, washed with his blood from sin, named with tjje Christian name which alone is its own constituting it a member of Christ, and sealed to a personal communion with the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. Mark again in the Holy Communion the force and beauty of those individual words of administration which surely should never be slummed over and lost—" The body and blood of Christ given and shed for thee, preserve thy body and soul to everlasting life." We kno-v in our brotherhood before the Holy table of our Saviour's love, yet each feels him self in that most soleniu aud blessed of all spiritual experiences here, face to face with God. You will easily understand, my brethren, why I have chosen these thoughts for our consideration to-day ; perhaps while I have been speaking in general terms, you have been translating them into the special forms which are appropiiate to this joyful celebration. For this installation of my dear brother in the new See of Iiiverina, over which it is my duty and my pleasure to preside on this day, is a joyful celebration, just because it is a fruit of past growth under tbe care of the Bishop, whom for his work's sake you have long trusted aud loved \ an evidence of present earnestness ^nd liberality, as especially in bim who is the virtual founder of the Bishopric; an earnest, we confidently trust, of still further advance under the individual care of one, who can aud will devote himself wholly to this portion of the vineyard of the Lord, in relation to him, I know, it is a day of cordial welcome, of earnest prayer, of implied promise of svmpathy and help. But it has more than a personal interest—it is an epoch in the history of the church; it should be a fresh point of departure in that twofold growth on which I have sought to fix your thoughts. It must tend to the corporate growth of the whole diocese, as fitly framed together to be our temple in the Lord. From the first, so the earliest Christian writers tell us expressly, the Episcopate as it took birth when the Apostles of the Lord passed to their rest, was a pledge and a means of unity. By that relation to all laity and clergy which our Synods visibly represent, it must tend to bind all in one. By the very necessity of his office the Bishop bad to think of and care for, tbe church as a whole, just as the Cathedral, according to the origiual idea now being gradually revived, was the centre of missionary agency for the whole diocese. My brethren, suffer me to exhort you to make full use of that for which you thank God to-day by rallying round your Bishop. As in all other things, so especially in sympathy with this care for tbe growth of the whole body of the church. By necessity, has one who, hurriedly travelled the vast territory over which you are scattered, must see at a glance you cannot but be in danger of an excess of isolation of idea. Each parish, each village, each station,each household, as in temporal so in spiritual things, must be tempted to think only of itself in its struggle for life and progress j and to forget that the welfare of the whole will readily see the local growth on which your hearts are set. Yet the words are more constantly fulfilling themselves than those of the Wise man"—"There is that scattereth aud yet increaseth ; there that wKhholdeth for his own purposes more than is meet, but it tendeth to poverty." This day gives you the completion of Church organization—see that you realise its value ; it gives you one who should be a centre of unity; ses that you gather round him in wealth of sympathy aud iu largeness of idea of what God's care and service are to you. But yet this need not—this will not—interfere for a moment with that care for that individual growtb iu which each of you should be built up in spiritual progress to be a habitation of God through his spirit. For that growth also the establishment of this new Bishopric will surely be blest. Tbe work of its bolder is in a spiritual sense a missionary work, visiting the outlying scattered settlements which rather dot than cover your wide spreading plains, everywhere seeking, slowly, not in vain, to aid and to quicken the spiritual life of each settlement, each household, each individual. Here, even mure clearly than in populous and more settled dioceses, the Bishop is not merely the leader and governor, but the personal friend, teacher, father of the people of God committed to bUcharge. Each visit to the outlying ttations, tbe pioneers of a future civilization, each meeting in the little wooden church or school, or as in the early days of Christianity, to tbe church gathered in this or that house, will be, by God's blessing a kindliog or renewing of spiritual life, and leave behind it seed which shall grow and blossom after he is gone. And, my brethren, suffer me to urge upon you of what unusual importance this building up the individual, and (I wilt add) the household is under tbe conditions of your Christian life. I speak not somuch to those, perhaps the majority of my hearers, who are gathered in the towns ; but I would tbat my words might reach tboee who are isolated in tbe far country districts from many of the helps, temporal and spiritual, of social life. They cannot bave frequent ministrations from your few clergy, frequent church services and the like. There are parishes, so called, as you know, almost as large in 'area as my own diocese where tbe missionary circuit, for such it is. can reach but very rarely tbe distant members of the flock. You brethren, who are in such case, are thrown back more than ever on personal prayer and Bible study, or family worship which should, a* often as possible, hallow daily work and life ; on tbe lay ministrations of those of greater education and influence, of higher spirituality and devout earnestness which sometimes—I would it were more often—gather neighbours together for Sunday service. So, and so only can the fire of Christian life be kept undying iu yourselves ; so and so only will your children be brought up in the murture and know- ledge of the Lord; and your pastor or your Bishop, visiting you where be may, will thank God for the good work, and rejoice to give it quickening aud refreshment by tbe full ministration of the church. My brethren, in both these kinds of growth, of much bas been done already, far more remains to do. If you really care for the celebration if this day, you will accept God's call to both, and pray that you may be ready by work and by sacrifioe—for both will be required—to strengthen your Bishop's hands for tbe service of God. God grant tbat it be 68, and it will be so just in the proportion as you enter into both works " in ChriBt." As the love of Christ to his people is at once absolutely universal and deeply personal, so the love which enters into the spirit and mind of Christ Jesus, is tbe mainspring alike of our own personal devotion, and of self sacrifice for the advance of the whole Church to the glory of God. The growth in that love is the" mainspring of the Christians of this life ; and tbe perfection of it is tbe bliss of Heaven, where each soul shall be absorbed in the communion with God, and yet the whole Church shall be one for ever iu bim. IT is reported that tbe police bave got a clue to the murderers of Mitchell, the warder in the Coonamable Gaol, who was shot by an escaping prisoner. A KELLY RELIC.—During the time the Kelly gang was at large it was generally believed by tbe police and others that the outlaivs obtaiued their creature comforts through tbe medium of illicit distillation. And although in maoy cases the authorities had a pretty shrewd idea that stills existed in certain mountainous districts, the wild nature of the country ia which tbe works were carried on, and the extreme caution observed by those concerned, rendered discovery very difficult. It has sometimes happened tbat an abandoned still has been discovered by accident in the rocky recesses of tbe Hills in the Benalla district. Such a discovery (says the Ensign) was made one day last week. Mr Lavery, of the Lands Department, while engaged in survey work, fell upon what appeared to have been a very active " fire-water " factory. The discovery was made near the bead of the King River, iu a spot admirably favoured by nature for the carrying on of such operations. Mr Lavery found in the rude hut a still and other appliances necessary to the business, besides a quantity of malt. There was no evidence of the shebeen " having been recently visited. A deal of selection has taken place in the vicinity of late, and duubtless tbe " inarch of civilisation " has something to do with the abandonment of the illicit still. Or it may be that in this sometime secluded spot tbe outlawed and bunted quartette sought to drive dull care away in the cup of " mountain dew." SENSATIONAL SCENE IN CODBT.—The usual decorum of the Parramatta Police Court was rudely broken on Friday (says the Evening News) when tbe decision of the bench was given in a case, in which Leon Lambert, a sickly looking foreigner, charged Evan Evans, a powerful man, weighing fully 16 stone, with assault. A verdict was given for the plaintiff, and a fine of 20s was iuflicted, with 5s lOd costs, and 21s professional costs (in default 21 days imprisonment). The defendant, who was exceedingly violent all through the oase, immediately placed his hat on aud said, " I shau't pay it. I won't pay a farthing." He was ordered by Sub-inspector Latimer to remove his hat, but he refused to do so. The bench then ordered him to be removed, when be said to Latimer, ''Don't lay your hands on me or I'll give you a tussle for it." He then rushed at the sub-insnector and seized him by the ears and whiskers and began to kick at him. Latimer, assisted by Sergeant M'Garvey and Constable Board, succeeded after a severe struggle in removing bim to tbe watchhouse, where be paced up and down the cell threatening the sub-inspector tbat when released be would "do " for him. The magistrates, Messrs J. M Gould and G. Wickham, waited for nearly anjbour to allow him time to calm down; but he refused all overtures, and eventually had to be carried into court by four policemen. He was then charged with having assaulted Mr Latimer in the execution of his duty, for which he was awarded seven days hard labour in tbe Parramatta Gaol. For having destroyed that officer's uniform be was fined 40s, and for having used obscene language within the precincts of the oourt, be was ordered to pay 40s, or go to gaol for one month. The defendant said, " I'll take the month, you ." For this further offence be was fined £5 or three months; and be replied, "-Then I'll take the three months." This,| however, calmed him down wonderfully, and he walked off to the lockup without any further display of temper. The defendant is a fruit grower of good position THE HARRIS ASH DAYIES CASE.—A decision of some interest has just been given by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in tbe case of Harris, v. Davies (observes the Argus London correspondent, writing on February 13). The respondent, Mr John Davies, who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of New South \Vales, and an alderman and magistrate of the city of Sydney, commenced an action in September, 1882, against the appellant, Mr John Harris, «bo was also a member of the Legislative Assembly and mayor of Sydney, to recover damages for alleged slander. He was awarded one farthing. The respondent having applied to have his costs, amounting to £977, taxed and allowed, the prothonotory refused to do so, on the ground, that by virtue of the statute 21st James I., c. 16, sec. 6, the respondent was not entitled to recover more costs than damages. Tbe Supreme Court, on November 19, 1883, held, in e£ect, that the statute of Jimes I. (which provided tbat ia all actions of slander, when the jury assessed damages under 40s, the plaintiff should, reeover only so much costs as the damages amouuted) ceased, on the passing of tbe New South Wales statute, 11 Yict., No. 13, to bave any further operation in the colony. From tbat judgment the present appeal was instituted. Tbe main question was whether or not the statute of James I, bad ever been in force in the colony, and applied to the present case, and whether, it so, it had not been impliedly repealed by tbe colonial statutes. Their lordshipB intimated that they would advise Her Majesty to affirm the decision of the Court below, and to dismiss the appeal, with costs. THE DROUGHT.—A painful example of the effects of tbe drought upon travelling stock was -witnessed last Saturday (says the Corowa Free Press) when a large mob of sheep bound for New South Wales came on to the flat of. Wahgunyah. Tbe sight of tbe river caused a rush for water, and tbe pressure from the thirsty auimals behind became so great tbat close on 10U sheep were forced into tbe Murray and drowned. The bodies were skinned, but the carcases were not removed, and at present the stench from the putrid bodies is overpowering. We comineud the subject to the notice of the inspector of nuisances. WB BELIEVE tbat if every one would use American Co.'s Hop Bitters freely there would be much less sickness and misery in the world, and people are fast finding this out, whole families keeping well at a trifling cost by tts use. We advise all to try it. Read. THE ECHCCA JOCKEY CLUB.—At a meetiBg of the Racing Club, on Monday night the secretary submitted a statement which showed tbat tbe actual profit from the recent annual race meeting had been nearly £150. Tbe members referred in complimentary terms to the manner in which the secretary (Mr J. St. L. O'Brien bad performed bis duties. It was resolved to hold a midwinter meeting, and it was decided to fix tbe date at a future meeting. The date will probably be after the Deniliquin midwinter meeting in July. PRIKCE Henry of Batten burp, who is about to marry the Princess Beatrice of England,is a lieutenant in tbe Prussian army, his pay being £60 per annum. His father is as poor as a church mouse, so that the British taxpayer will have to provide for the young conple. Parliament will be asked to provide Princess Beatrice, like her otfcer sisters, with an income 0/ at least £6000 a year, and a dowry of ±'30,000I and the Queen, in addition, will provide tbe young people with a suitable residence at the expense of the country. In addition, some public servant will have to be superannuated, or denied preferment, or removed to make room for the Queen's son-in-law in the army, as was tbe case in similar previous instances, thus making this country provide for him and his wife and offspring. A Wis® DEACON.—" Deacon Wilder, I want you to tell me bow you kept yourself and family so well tbe past season, when all the rest of us bave been sick so much, and bave bad tbe doctors running to us sa often." " Brother Taylor, the answer is very easy. I used Hop Bitters in time and kept my family well, and saved large doctor's bills. Four shillings* worth uf it kept us all well and able to work all the time, and I will warrant it bas cost you and most of the neighbours £10 to £100 apiece to keep sick the same time. I fancy you'll take my medicine hereafter." See 