EVENINGS AND MORNINGS IN THE BUSH. BY " PEUTETBE." [The Marybone Parasol Olub and their quarrel with the cynics—Fading memories whioh were once interesting to Irish Catholics—Shakspeare'e diotum that words are things, and was Shafespeare a Nominalist or a Realist—Some very important words not found in the Bible, but which express things necessary to our salvation —My second arrival in Woocum. by starlight.] " WHAT they call a pretty girl is mostly always a rosy-cheeked insipidity, done up in tight-laoed stays and oheap kid gloves, and who is always engaged until supper if one asks her to danoe." So Bpoke young Carp, tbe head cynic of Pagoda-terrace, as he sat ^ith young Soof, of Park Village West, and Blister, who was sub-editor of the Satirist. These three friends were the Sir Oraoles of polite Marybone, and frequently dined together at Very's on Saturday afternoons, to review their experiences of the past week, and to arrange for tbeir Sunday's exonrsion on the morrow. " Yes," said Scof, " and if not altogether an insipidity, when she does speak she is as pert as a magpie." " And you may add," said Blister, " that she has an awful capacity of appetite when she gets into the pantry by herself, although she nibbles so daintily at a Naples bisouit when anyone iB looking on. It is the pounds' weight of oold beef she devours behind baoks that aooonnts for the red cheeks she is so proud of." Now, be it known that Mr. Carp, Mr. Scof, and sub-editor Blister were three bachelors, who, as cynios accredited by the unanimouB verdict of polite Marybone, discharged the dnties of Sir Oraoles to that popnlous parish. But in performing their part the satirical trio had provoked the resentment of the whole pretty Parasol Club of the borough by satirical epigrams and witty rhymes in Punch and the Satirist. The pretty Parasol Club, therefore, conspired against the three oynios, and planned a system of terpaichorean revenge the very thought of which made the pretty conspirators laugh by anticipation. For they agreed that no member or the Parasol Club should danoe with the offending Mr. Carp, Mr. Soof, or Captain Blister, who was on half-pay of the Royal Navy [his ship being out of commission], when they appeared at certain Marybone balls and oivio festivals at whioh the pretty Parasolers were wont to attend in immense flounce and fan foroe. Aooordingly, when Honourable Mr. Carp or his two EvrpaircXiov-loving accomplices entered the ballrcoin every Parasoler whom they asked looked at her tablets, and then, with a show of regret, informed Messrs. Carp, Soof, and Blister that they were engaged for every set until supper time. And thus the three cynics were driven to "the Wall" for whatever second-rate partners the Wall might offer. And then, after eaoh of these balls, on the Saturday or Wednesday next ensuing, oertain sarcastic rhymes or caricatured wood outi would deoorate a page in Punch or a column of the Satirist, representing the prettiest of the Parasol Club with ouriouBly shaped noses, or in some ridioulous posture, or robed in some old-faBhioned dress or battered bonnet; or the Marybone Evening Squib would snggest that a dozen of Hampstead Heath donkeys should be invited to the next ball at the most suitable partners for those dowdy members of the Parasol Club who had hoofs instead of feet, and stamped their partners' toes off. This feud between the cynios and the cynosures of Marybone's masculine eyes continued for two seaeons, but was finally composed after Lord Dudley Stuart's last election for that patriotic borough. Captain Blister, in returning thanks for " the ladies," whoBe healths had been proposed by his lordship, referred to the Parasol Club in terms so complimentary that the pretty " insipidities " blushed at the praise of their own loveliness, and the sapid witticisms of the Honourable Mr. Carp and Mr. Scof were oondoned, and the dancing that night after supper was as joyous as a oarnival gallop, and before the year was rung out at Marybone parish church, Mr. Carp and Mr. Soof and Captain Blister were engaged to three of the pretty insipidities of the Parasol Club. Let cynics therefore take warning, for the cunningest fox gets trapped at laBt. Mrs. Sparkisley was not an insipidity, though once the pretty queen of the Parasol Club. She had a natnral intelligence of the highest order, and this had been cultivated, and then stimulated by the controversial uproar of the Oxford movement, whioh had assumed definite shape and direction when she was about twelve years of age. She had a brother and thrse cousins at Oxford at the time when No. 80 of the Tracts for the Times came out and stirred np whining Evangelicalism aba wheezy High and Dry ism to ecstacies of saored exasperation. The whole Protestant world seemed inflamed not merely:to red hot, bnt to fanatical white heat rage against the writer and that writing of that Traot. Of course, the Protestant'world did not see that Traot 80 was the production of an unintept tional heretio who wrote as if he were writing in A.n. 40, and not in A.D. 1840. The point chiefly obnoxious in No. 80 was that itsugr gested that there should be a oautiousre. serve in preaching the Atonement. Now this was wisely true when the Atonement WaB preached to pagans. S^el^tr^ouM ABOANA DMCIKJJM, or that full and oarefnl course nl instruction in Christian Doctrine whlS was necessary to rendefr the object Christ's death intelligible to the idolathrt. heathen. The Tract—80—was very «M? written from a very foolish Protestant pofaft of view, and the wrathful newspaper and magazine disputations it exoited made l lasting impression on Miss T^actariroa Bomanizer's girl mind and memory ; for every breakfast-table and every tea- table turned into a theological coobpit, and the traotarian game-oocks spurred, crowed or were pluoked and skewered as families were eating their morning eggs and toast, w drinking their tea and munching their even, ing orumpete. Miss Romanizer was thought, fui, reflecting, and fond of reading, and gh e bad an aunt who took some, pains to expand Traotariana's ideas in the direotion of eocle. siastioal testhetios, and lent her "CAVE'S CHEisnAunrr" to read, so that when she was 18, with the help of eermonB she heard, and lectures «he attended, and Dr. Bloomfield's " charges " and Hook's "Church Dictionary" she was a very well informed disoiple of the Jelf and Peroival Via Media sohool, and understood very fairly how and why the first Four General Counoils were held. But now forty eventful years have passed away. The wild Traotarian tjphoon has blown itself out. The doings of the Oxford HEBDOMADAL BOAED are heard of no more. Pusey's two years' suspension is now a legend. Hampden's mitre has been thrice vacated. "Ideal" High Sheriff Ward and his chaplain appeared "at Court" and have departed this life. The mighty Achilles of the Traotarian army whioh invaded the Angliotm Troy followed "The Ghost" that pointed him to Rome, and is still the revered and loved and honoured Cardinal Newman, F. W. Faber, who was ordained, along with Mrs. Sparkisley'^ two cousins, in 1837, u Anglisan Curate at Windertpere, in the Cumberland Lake country, became Superior of the dear old LITTLE OEATOEY at Charing Cross. The Anglican Lov Churob, whioh never wearies of declaiming about tbe'perseoutionB of Rome, has confined and fettered in a felon's gaol a dozen of her refractory ministers for complying with the spirit of her own rubrios. The English Low (Jhuroh in Ireland baa been upset and rifled of its spoils of war. The " Essays and Reviews " have been written and condemned, and the writers promoted to prebends and bishopries. Time's changes have oast lire. Sparkislsy's lot in the Wocdoumanrifer day ooaoh, and lam her vis-a-vis. She still deserves the title she onoe bore, for she is still, at the end off forty years, in a very good state of preservation. There, are silvered threads in her hair, but the dark br«wn largely predominates. She is stouter, but not beyond the proportions whioh matron dignity requires, ana tbe tears have not washed all the onoe brilliant hazel 1 nitre from her eyes. She had taken np Newman's " History of Arianism" about seventeen year's ago, and "The [CftoSt" of the great Catholic part had flitted before her. But just as she had finished the book the Vatican Council defined the papal Infallibility, and Mrs. Sparkisley could not find that word in the Bible, and therefore would not believe that the doctrine it expressed ooold be true. As she was sufficiently oonversant with the history and language of the Nioene Creed, I told her that there Was a word even more important than the word Infallibility, whioh she believed, although she could not find it in the Bible, and she immediately oalled upon me to name the word. I thereupon repeated the words of the Nioene Creed until I came to the words, "Consubstantial with ihe Fathtr." " Now," I «id to her, "you believe that God is • a "Spirit. As a Spirit He is of spiritual substanos, and exists in a threefold personality as Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. In substance the Three are equal: the Father is of the same substanoe as the Son, and the Son as the Holy Ghost. Arius said 'No; the Son is not of the same substance as the Father.' Then the Churoh assembled in Counoil, and oalled on Arius to retract his new, and therefore false, doctrine; and deolared the true Christian faith to be that Christ, as the Logos or Wisdom of God, or 2nd Person in tbe Trinity, was Conmbstantial with the Father—that is, he was of the tame substance with the Father. Ii not, Christ was not true God, a«d the Christian religion therefore not divine. Do you aooept this view of the oase ? "Arius," said Mrs. Sparkisley, "taughtthat the Son, or Logos, was ereatedbj the Father, and was not therefore of the same substanoe as the Father, and therefore not equal to the Father. I grant you," ehe said, "that Obriat was the incarnate Logos or Wisdom of God, the 2nd Person in the Godhead. All this I believe, and if the word Csntub'staniial is not in (he Bible, tbe fact or the doctrine is in it, and therefore I believe it." " Well," I said, " it is precisely the same thing with the. word.'Infallibility.' I do sot say the word is in tbe Bible, but the fact or doctrine is in it. The New Testament assumda it -all through. The apostles went forth in the strength of it. There could be ntt Faith without it, for you can never make an act of Faith in the fallible. Faith is to believe without doubting. But you must always doubt the fallible, and «an aiever believe, aad, therefore, can never be saved." " But," said Mrs. Sparkisley, "jhe Nioene fathers appealed to the SoHptures aa the basis w&oh; thtfy rested the tratb of the oreed they drew up, and placed the proofs of Christ's resnrreotion on the Scriptures." 1 „j;ot," I answered her, the truth and proofs of the resnrreotion did not rest on the jjuxipturea, but on the eyesight and testimony d tbe apostles. They saw Him alive after flje crucifixion. They didn't want any goripturefe to prove His resnrreotion. They touched Him, felt Him, heard Him speak, jut yon are going away from tbe question. I ask yon, is the word ' Consubstantial' in n the Bible, yes or no P" " The word is not," she answered, " but tho thing is, the floctrine is." '' And equally so," I continued, II is the dootrine of the Infallibility of the Church—that is, of thePope, who is the voice ind tongne of the Obnrob. Butl have another question for you," I said. " Did theNioene fathers in the Council held in A D. 325 take the word ' ConBubBtantial' out of the Boriptures ?" " No," she said, " they do not seem to have done so. If it wasn't in the Bible, as yon say, they could not take it ont of tbe Bible." «' Well, then," I said to her, " the Bible was not the basis on which the Council of Nioea rested their declaration of the proper divinity of Christ. They rested it on a new word ooined for the occasion, a word you will never find in the Bible, and on this word yon rest your assent to Christ's dirinity. If you reject this word ' Con substantial,' you reject the dootrine of the Nicene Creed and Counoil; you reject the divinity of Christ, and with that your hopes of Christian salvation through Him; for if Christ was not Bod, the Christian religion at once takes its placeamong themyths and fables." 1 1 1 believe," shesaid, and looking somewhat disconcerted, "IbelievethatChrietwBBthsinoarnate Logos or Son of God—most truly God—and I believe in the Holy Ghost " " That is," I said, interrupting 1 her, " you believe in the dootrine of the Trinity. Now, have the goodness to inform me in what chapter and verse of the Bible you find tbe word 'Trinity.'" "I find the words Fatfcor, Son, and Holy Ghost in every page of the New Testament," was her reply. " Bat the word 'Trinity'—where is it?" I asked her. "I do not find the word ' Trinity ' anywhere in the New Testament," she replied, "but I find Three Persons in every epistle and gospel." "But the word 'Trinity' you do not find," I said, " any more than you find the word ' Infallibility' or the word ' Consubstantial and yet the dootrine of eaoh is there as certainly as revelation can make it. There could in the wisdom and goodness of God be no Church but an infallible Church, because He oommanded us to ' Hear [that is, believe] the Church.' Did He command us to believe and obey a Church which was not sure of the troth of what she was teaching, or did not know that her teaohing was what ChriBt sent her to teach ? If a Churoh is sure that her teaohing is that which Christ sent her to teach, she is an infallible Church. If she is not sure, then she is fallible, and not fit to speak in the name of God." "I most firmly believe," said Mrs. Sparkisley, "that Christ is God, and that He instituted a Church, and gave that Church a commission to go and teach all nations." " Pardon me one moment," I said, "and allow me to ask how the Man, Christ, was also God." "God, the Son," she replied, " took the nature of man from the Virgin Mary, and thus the divine nature of God and the human nature of man were hypostatically united in her." " Now, then," I said, " this hypostatic union of the divine and human natures in Christ iB the foundation stone of the Christian religion. Will you be so kind as to tell me iu which of the goBpels or epiatleB of the New Testament the word hypostatic is to be found ?" " I reply BB I replied before," she said, "and I say, as before, that the thing, the fact, the doctrine is implicitly oontained in the gOBpels and epistles. Oar great Avon philosopher and poet tells ns that ' words are things ;' and if we have the thing, we -need not quatrel about the word whioh expresses it." " I admit," said I to her, " that, in so saying, yon have presented me with a very superior specimen of l&dy;'a logic, because you prove all I want to prove. The dootrine of Infallibility wps oontained implicitly in the -gospels and epistles from tie day they were written; and toe Church always acted and ppoke with full advertence to it as her great prerogative. THE VATICAN COUNCIL gave thethingordoctrine its proper name, and thus explicitly defined and asserted what she had always implioitly believed and taught. When the Counoil of Nioea was held 1550 years ago, no-one denied tbe dootrine of the Churoh'e infallibility when dealing with matters of faith or morals, and this you clearly Understand by the aotion of that Connoil, Jor all true -Christians were required to believe ' One holy, Catholic, and Apostolic Church,'—that is, a Church which held and taught .with, an undeceivable certainty the dootrines taught by Christ to His apostles. The Nicene Council affirmed the infallibility if the Church when'it seleoted the homoousion —conBtibstantial—to state tbe apostolic aootrine concerning the 'nature of Christ as the inoarririte Logos or 2nd Person of the Trinity. Tite Chnroh again affirmed ner infallibility -when she selected the Word ' Trinity' to 'designate the Threefold Personality of the Godhead. The "Churoh again affirmed her infallibility when Bhe selected the word 'Hypostasis' to express ihe eternal, indissoluble conjunction of the divine and human natures in Christ. When the Nicene Council inserted, the words ' ONE God' in her ,«reed, it affirmed .the doctrine of the infallibility. When the Nicene Council Connected the 'Forgiveness of sins,' 'fca stated in the Apostles' Creed, with ^he Sacrament of Baptism, jptism, it affirmed amnntu the infallibility of Xohnrcb, for, unless theMibility of the Church had been the universal faith of all Christians at that time, the Council of Nioea wonld never have dreamed of doing and saying what it said and did. And now see how the matter stands. Here we have the words 'Trinity' and 'Consubstantiar and 'Hypostasis' and 'Incarnation.' These words express and define doctrineB which constitute the very soul and essence of the Christian religion. But not one of these words is to be found in any Bible. They have been coined by the Catholic Church just as the word Infallibility has been ooined. Why do you accept the former and rejeot the latter? Is it through a conscientious caprice ?'' "My father and mother," she replied, "died in the communion of the Church of England, and I hope and intend to do as they did." '' God rest their souls," I said, in the same quiet, earnest tone in which she spoke ; and such was the close of the conversation. Oh, thou, whoever thou art, that readest this outline of that conversation, do not; suppose that it is BO very easy to lay salt on a .Protestant bird's tail! We changed horses three times between Grongar and Woolcam. On my former visit to this latter town, we had eleven or twelve miles of thick, tough, elastio grass land or bush land to traverse, and very pleasant it was in the soft, Bunny evening to wind our way among the wattle clumps and turpentine bushes. But now a new road had been opened from Greston Marsh to Woolcum. Creek, and civilisation robbed UB of a very picturesque drive up the Thirteen-mile Gully to the Kangaroo Club Hotel. The tall old giants of the Gum-tree Forest were still standing between the Snake Beds and the broad Colo River, but the road didnotrun underneath them as before, and the whole showed thriving signs of agricultural progress, and the setting sunbeams fell in golden smiles on cottage homes and gardens plentifully strewed along the route. The stars were mustering in the sky as we oame sweeping round tbe Bridge Hill, and five minutes after my landlord was at his own door, and a dozen friendly voices bade him weloome home. 8th September, 1886. 