I «pd .it the second A bd tilth and Conrad fell I floll Top then went on with the lead. Emily 1711 at the third fenoe. Coming Into the libutfht, the onler was Gold Top. Curiosity ickyno and Jack Sheppard, which were the phion pa«t the stead. Curiosity was lib i.t a couple of lengths in front of Gold Top. Ill the jivtT turn. Curiosity end Gold Top |aiaratf<i themselves further from the others lbnoHt\,wl.o<>e chance was not regarded If.'1 m.v, fe'l at the fence before reochiug the ibitolrs. This accident left Gold Top with e I)ddc lend, but in the inn hy the troiniog Ipoimd Kulkv no gained on him and caught him liftvr ei.'cring the straight, end won by ft haf lc. Gold Top was three leugtha in front «f Jack 'Mppard. Chesterfield cantered in dtnur>\ Nor of the riders were hurt. I Tjue- .r'fnin 23 ecs. HANTiCAP FLAT RACE. The second hone to rooelvo 90 I «»-, ami -ne third horse 10 eov from the iuke (otsesnot scratched by 4 p.m. on I Mc: uv >th September, will be liable fortbe I wet < ? - sors, and starters for the farther »»r. li J sove. (payable at seale). One | aw. I lnmuASTcii (Moore) 1 I cnivvm (O'Brien) f I Bohumux (Flannagen) f I The starters were Middlemarch (Mnrphy), llnfford (Burton), Chncketer (O'Brien), The llbort (J Williams), Warerley (Blair), Booru- Inoaeh (Sunders), Lucky Hit (Page), Bohemian Ipkafiagin), Kirtn aster (Moore), Hoaoi- Ikl (I. Brown), Bishop 1\Yalker), Iferrioo (Trahan), Rebus (Cox), Nuncio I eccel, Cyclops (Banr), Uarah (H. Brown), lffip#j> W .truing (Garrie), Walb&lla; (Tuotney), Tikinke ( ), Mn Jariey (Johneon), I Baton Nicker ( Davis), I Beuior : 4 to 1 against Merrima, "6 to 1 I Sfauai Ringmaster, 6 to 1 against Bohemian | ij l'hncknt#r, k to 1 against Middlemarch, 10 | to 1 apainit The Ghost, Scaramouch and the I liber. I Nuncio was in front when the flag fell, and jhm = Neckar was left at the post, losing I B '.ergihs. When they eettled down Nuncio I VV leadiir. Then oame Merrimn, followed by I Btum-.oa h and Hannibal, the others w«u ?; :»d out. and whipped in by Baron I Jtekr. At the abattoirs Rebai had joined itQCio and Cbuckster, and Ringmaster were I Bit "u' '.he "thrr. Nuncio ledat the torn, and I Ru came Cbuckster, Bishop, Ringmaster and I Memmu, all in a bunch. In the straight, Bin la sorter acd Chcckster drew on, and a grea I Me resulted in a length win for Ringmaster H ft'k-ur and Bohemian ruining adeedbeftt br refund. llemtnn was Ourth, the Ghost fifth laoao luih, Mn J a Uy nest, Wilddrake kt. I-ffls— Irr.in. 4r»ec HAND1CA1 STEEPLECHASE. if 1K> «ot. Th second home to reoelve 10 I tla lake- Aooeptanoe, 9 eon. Bt'bCiNjrBR (Williams) I Cb' (Winter) 2 Go .xu (JohnKilduff) wi«n:-tag (Atiersou), Pride (Delaney). Topsail (Gardiner), fir Samuel (M'Leod), Bob Cooper (WilU»m.\ (vodwood :(Joh» KUdafF) I ft), and Oheeter (Wiw- vinst Bob Cooper, 4 te 1 o 1 againet Mystery and t Chester, 7 to 1 agaiut a frcnt were Mystery and ed the lead over the first hag. Topsail fell at the I MMutad. Bob Cooper crdef of the other being battel, and Chester. The I id wis— Bob Cooper, Sir I Meted Goodwood, and rintridn Sir Samnel H beondl and Goodwood Mter.M Myitery follow- 'I the Vail way bridge Sir using tb bridge'the order odwoodiVtag, Chester, and etOl toilliv far in the rear. tMgbattoln. Bob old hi wn, bat at the by both (pod wood and Wone. The "jVvtolledoih rushes of, I leogthe 'Wgeaoood am third, wee. I "2? ,Ur4n :-Thi Una C«hte),Bt. Pm (Wood) d|nio Tobbor burton), i > HawOote (BUU, In I I taw I ® Iriehman, 4 o 1 y Innende, to 1 'crtom»m0 to 1 against Es I UTJNG I ."SSJ U- Acop" I i I (BIU) U i.MW'tai oxpatiwowv owg lift «SM the fl id hl£'itbroeff diieoti al thf Al u want to t itbai W by n Mag om fflandim waa third «€./ Tisto— loin. 17i.ee. TWO-YKARJLD PL 4TB. Cn»n»» (Kol«o) 1 CRnnfina (Nieholaoa) 2 Orktmtt (Horrit) g The folbwlug won the e tarter. Cheeh.rn (Kelio), Crosiflre (Scholeon), Oenlillty ( Her ri. ), Clio, Phillips), tantem (Qou,h), Qiieeti of the Bnth (C.mpbel), Hoodwink (Nerri- ker),Aln» (English), Amy (H'Donnell). Bettlnf ! 2 to 1 agniet Croeeflre, 8 to 1 gainst Clo, 4 to 1 agalnt Alma anl Chesham and S tol against Oentiliy. A striggllng start was effected; after many attempts (keshani and Ck>iot away together and led to the torn withQwen of the Sonth last. At the distance, Oroaffe,OUo and Hood wink drew ost and were qfekly joined by Pheshatn. A mat raoe home tatted, Oheehaa jnat winning by a head nia Crossare Gentility wn third, foUowndb. cilo and Hoodwink. Time — tPfeeos. BELLING RACK.'; ARttrra (Hieh..) , Diotator (m,) ' Jem tin (Phlp, , The following were the starters lAritrtn, (Nicholson) Dictator, (Kelno) Jnniu, lq,D and Pride (Erans). Betting , Eren nboat Arista, I to 4 agu. Dictator. Dictator made the running to the Istam when Arista joined him. A grant rad bona took plaoo, resulting in a half length riotory for the favorite. Jnnlns was third. Time lmln. 82fsecs. OCTOBER HANDICAP. Cinini ano Blur (Phlpps) I Kathlrui (Davis) 2 Orator (Nicholson) There wen thirteen starters. Betting: 6 to 4 against Kathleen, 4 to 1 against Happy Thought and Orator, b U 1 against Cerise and Blue, and 10 to I sgaidt Poiestar. Cerise and Bine won eaaily. Time — 2miu 10f.ee- 