CRUMBS. Cholera now decreasing in Spain. Population of N.S.W. now 947,986. Tariff still vexing the soul of traders. . Russia trying to raise the wind in Paris. Price of remounts for India fixed at £50. Thow row cost the country £1,725 lis. fid 1 Symon pockets nearly a third of that big bill. Mr. Bray wants to pose as the Berry of -S. A. Only the capitalists can gain by the new tariff! In London 60,000 families live in single rooms. New Era crushing, 251 oz, Slowly turning corner. Kangaroo Islanders now on the whine for bridges. A shoal of Dervishes at Dongola; cor roboree. Good prospect of rates for cablegrams being reduced. The greatest General of the day—the general servant Working man to pay bulk of new taxation as usual. £as the Bear turned tail at sight of the Bantam 7 Retrench ourselves No 1 no! anything 'but that. Riverina wants 900 miles of wire-fencing for bunny. ..Plenty of raw materials taxed under the •new tariff. We are still familiar with muddling and plundering. Leather-lunged no longer the friend of the wot king man. New tariff will send away all vessels that want coating. Federal Bank's branch at Hotham robbed of nearly £3,000. Gold in N.T. yet—8i oz. to the ton, lucky 'Quong Hing Hi. Sir Harry Ord, late Governor Western Australia is dead. '.R.V.F.'s Balaklava encampment coBtonly 2s. a day per head. Queensland blacks having big one tuck out roasted Chinamen. Good Templars number nearly three hundred thousand. Sydney has now got a Y.M.C. A, Hall at a cost of over £33,000. German corvette Augusta reported lost with all hands—230. Does not Mr. Darling honestly repent having taken office 7 Wholesale houses busy "marking-up' working man's slops. Government will find it hard to please their Protectionist friends. Now honsewives study the new tariff be fore you go shopping. Will the tariff please anybody but the Lobethal Tweed Co. 7 For calling Dr. Gillespie a fraud Robert -Gregory is to pay £760. ," Moderate and reasonable protection" will not satiBfy T. Johnson. Bismarck protests being interfered with in his Pacific annexations. South Adelaide stands at the head of the football list this season. Three of the Garonne's passengers died in -one day of heat apoplexy. A family of 200 children, grand and great grand. What a colonist,! . Population will never be attracted if we increase the coBt of living. The Pall Mall has aroused the better feel ings of the English people. J. A. Northmore off to Queensland. Dis gusted with the tariff, aye ? The Ministry are afraid to take up Mr. -Smith s Exhibition scheme. "Servieeton." Why not "Downerton," A rose by any other name, &c.; The new tariff, if adopted, means a serious advance in the coBt of living. A silver stream is now pouring night and day from smelter at Silverton. Under the new tariff it will cost two •shillings to import a sovereign. Lacrosse not yet popular—little chance of broken legs or arms to be seen. Governor Loch iB strongly advocating systematic forest conservation. The lucky owner of 40 feet of land in RuDdle-street can afford to retire. King County (N.Z.) protected from the sale of intoxicating drink tor ever. Irish Nationalist party only one plank of platform left, and that has dry rot. Now then, boys, perfect fairplay ; one side ■Only, you know. And they obeyed. Is not Responsible Government's control or public works oftentimes a scandal 7 Hertfordshire, wheat-laden, put into St. Helenaj a fire has damaged her cargo. The Pall Mall Gazette has let in a blaze of bffht upon the dark doings of Loudon. Biemarck expected to generously return portion of the stolen Carolines group. Adelaide Lacrosse Club beat the country team, but had not much to boast about. The Port Canon hopes to see a ghoBt before be dies. Won't anv corpse oblige him 7 L early three million people now living on the verge of starvation in Great Britain. Kcrosine in New York is 5|d. per gallon: the proposed duty here is 6d. per gallon. Charley said, if the Ministry will not amend the tariff the House will compel them to. In nineteen cases out of twenty it is a man's ■own fault if he is unhappy with his wife. victoria keeping an eye on the French criminals that are swelling her population. Nearly 80,000 oz. of gold raised at Charters -towers first seven months of present year. Case_ spirits advanced 5s. to 6s., and no alteration^ duty 1 Water taps turned on. 1 he policy of the Ministry involves reduc t5 Assistance to local governing bodies. Mr Spence facetious 1 and at the spectacle ane office cat veiled its face behind its paws. Ihei nearest approach to a treadmill life for Jjfue monotony is that of the man in A woman whose husband was in constant rehet ^ a week has applied for Simply monstrous that State funds should quarreIWn awayin Paying costs of a private «> ^merican mile bicycle record now is cyc'lfBtsf t do you think of this,'ye Sydney agitating for a permanent market we want 8 m produoe > that's just what Some working men maintain that manhood fflSi8BI10t comPlete without payment of Bismarck now disposed to diBcuss "ami cably Spain's claims to hold her own Generous. • A funny sort of a pnblic meeting when not even one speaker would be heard on the other side. Ministries have been npset over more trilling matters than the dispute about Par liament Houses. Did not some persons invest in land near rsi»dock °n theBtreneth°ftkat °i P?r cent.'put upon the poor ' coal lor the rich man's gos is duty tree. Mr. Ind offered Mr. Clements a block 'of land free if he will' cnltivate it. Will he accept the offer ? Financial policy of Government does not include any further provision for public works. Whew 1 Working man pays not only increased duty on neceeBaries. but dealers' extra profit and stamp tax on Dill. Early closing on Saturday nights will com mence ., Well, say after people will leave off late shopping. i The TradeB and Labour Council consider j the most just and reasonable way of raising revenue is by land. Will the Railway Traffic Manager arrange for excursion trains to enable farmers to visit our September Show? If policy of Government carried we shall have vexatious _ restrictions in ordinary business transactions. A thirty years' colonist doesn't see why a wife shouldn't go out charing and leave her husband at home idle. Weary week after weary week and dreary year after dreary year, and the poor police man has no Sunday off! Miss Knight passed the preliminary scien tific examination, London University. Hur rah for Young Australia! A15 per cent, tariff will raise prices to the consumer, but 25 per cent, will reduce them, so say the Protectionists. We are told there's a probability of a preserving fish factory being started if the duty is kept at 2d. per lb. Reduce the purchasing power of money by making the working men pay heavy duties on 'articles of daily consumption. Snooks says the CityTFathers must be im mensely rich considering their enormous deposits at the Torrens bank." A " Radical" urges working men to register and go in for the land instead of waiting for Parliament Houses to be built. Have you read "The Seductiveness and the Inconveniences of Syndicates, with a few notes on Land Ventures ?" Will the money be returned to those who have bought land near the proposed ocean dock if that £14,000 is refunded ? It is reported that persons are pawning their blankets in order to give the necessary bore appearance to relief visitors. Three million acres of most fertile land in bi'ew Zealand dedicated to temperance for ever. What a colony for tipplers 1 South Australian Congregational Jubilee Fund £15.000, besides a promise of 10 per cent, on all raised till 1888. Hull times, en ? Mr. Samuel Toms suggest Ministers should reduce their own salaries 50 per cent. Will they be bold enough to adopt the suggestion ? G.O.M. charged ...with "political immo rality" in reinstating Hobart Pasha after servmg his friend " the unspeakable Turk." Provide work for ten or a dozen extra hands and throw several hundred out of employment—that's what the new tariff will do. In view of the additional duties the relief of the poor will cost so much more that a further appeal will be necessary to public charity. The new tariff admits American leather free, but charges a 15 per cent, duty on English leather. That's reciprocity with a vengeance. One of the oldest colonial industries striking a match on the breeches. Yet the Treasurer puts a duty of 100 per cent, on the raw material. " 15 per cent, protection won't float many freBh industries; while you're about it give us 20 or 25 per cent., there's good fellows." Very like a whale ! B ich eloquence do I possess; E ach quality that makes success, E ase, grace, and style; a dignity 8 o great that men all envy me. One Society has the distress but lacks funds, tbe other has fund, but declines to helD the poor. _ Result—money locked up and distress continues. Mr. Lowe, because of his proposed tax on matches, was known as " Lucifer Bob." Is Mr. Newland anxious to go down to posterity as "Tandstickor Simpson?" Victorian Railway Department issue at Show time excursion trains to farmers cover ing a period of three weeks. Can't we do something of the same kind ? Though like the hard-dealt sailor, the policeman haB watch on and watch off, yet the Bailor is better off in the long run, for he bas a break at the end of the voyage. The mam who loves a woman well is her hero and king. No less a hero to her, though he is not to any other; no less a king, though his only kingdom is her heart and home. It is of no avail for a policeman to wish to go to Church or to commune with nature on the sunny slopes or at the breezy seaside, for he has no day of rest, no periodical leave. Two visitors were asked for relief by a woman who had just risen from a dinner of roast mutton, and was in hourly expectation of her husband with three months' wages. It is a very exceptionable woman who will not be all she .can to an attentive husband, and a very exceptionable one who will not be very disagreeable if she finds herself wilfully neglected. No woman will love a man better for being renowned or prominent. Though he be the first among men, she will be tne prouder, not fonder ; as is often the case, she will not even be proud. Jack Plane finds that his tools has advanced some 20 per cent, in price. His mind is not quite settled on the question which is " R" or " F'—the freetrade merchant ar the Protec tionist Ministry. Mike, the hod-carriei, wonders if he will receive an extra shilling a day, as he was told a Protectionist tariff would increae a wuges. Ashe has to payaextra for his 'bacca and matches he wants it. "(An old lady has to pay four guineas per week for a small shop in which to sell sweetmeats and fruits ; a seller of toys pays five guineas, and a barber and a watchmaker each pays six guineas." A working man tells ub that if he were to pay another 4b. 2d. on his Maylands allot ment the Treasurer would have money enough to -square accounts, and W. M. also says he would then know what be had to pay A' temperance hotel has been opened on tbe Bnmmit of Ben Nevis, the highest moun tain in Britain. Although " mountain dew" cannot be had at the top, visitors may take a supply up with them or get it at foot on their return. . Dr. Conquest sayB:—"In my now lengthened medical lite, 1 have often seen the worst and most intractable forms of indigestion, and the most distressing and fatalcasesof stomach and liver diseases traceable to snuff and tobacco." The Salvation Army are preparing for a " most extraordinary demonstration" on the holiday—a grand review of 15 companies, 6 brass Bands, male captains mounted, a monster T, and a " tremendous slaughter expected." In Victoria each Savings Bank epositor has £20 to his credit. That proof of the great advantages of Protection. In South Australia each depositor has £29 lis. 8d. to his credit. That's the curse of not having Protection. If you want to see a ghost select the story entitled " Haunters and the Haunted," read it in bed alone, when the wind is blowing harshly, the window blinds are flapping, ana with just enough candle to get through three fourths of the tale. H, W. Thompson expresses the hope that the Legislature, in its aesire to foster local industries, will not destroy businesses that have fought their way through many a diffi culty without the aid of a tariff, a Parlia ment, or a Government. Shrieked faire Adelaide, with a painful gasp, " Is there none to slay this cruel monster Kuin, and free me from these chains of debt and this thirsty rock of stagnation, save this weak, feeble, vacillating toy knight—He vised Tariff?" Dog discs by constant uBe wear out and are lost from the ring. Several people have had to replace the discs. A very simple remedy for all the trouble and loss would be to use green hide instead of metal rings to attach the disc to the collar. The Bishop of Manchester, in a sermon lately, said if ever he heard persons complain ing of servants as a class, and saying it was impossible to get good and trustworthy ones, he generally drew the conclusion "you are a bad master or a bad mistress." In an open shed, in one of the streets of Toronto, there died lately, aged 74, Alex ander Somerville, whose writings, under the signature of "One Who has Whistled at the Plough," were in great demand during the Corn Law and Free Trade agitation in Eng land. We love poetry, especially when it conveys to us such a startling truth as was reoently given to the world in a poem beginning— " Darkness creeps o'er us as night comes on." A truth like that, even though crushed to earth, would bob up serenely every now and then. Now we are to be shackled with stamp duties the probate dutieB are to be increased and the tariff is to be made more complex, and the duties increased so that a larger amount may be squeezed out of the tax payers by this underhand and objectionable process. " Unity" is afraid there is a chance of our making the following lines, by Byron, applic able to this colony:— The world is a bundle of hay, Mankind are the asses who pull; Bach tugj it a different way, and the greatest of all is John Bull When Miss Charlotte Elliott wrote— What though in lonely grief I sigh For friends beloved no longer nigh, Submissive still, would I reply, " Tby will be done"— she had in view the death of her beloved brother, of whom she " had always hoped and expected that he would minister to her in her dying hours." "He had waited upon the Attorney-General that morning, and Mr. Downer himself did not know what position the Government were going to take in the matter. They seemed to be waiting to find ont what the opinion of the House was in the matter." That is on the question of grants to Corpora tions and District Councils. 