CRICKET CHATTER. By "The Wanderer." Gleaming in splendour, the glorious summer sun shone out right royally to usher in the first half of this cricket season ; and if you were down on the ground of the Melbourne Cricket Club you would nave seen a dis- play that the sun might worthily shine on. The game was between Melbourne and East Melbourne, and J.M. Blackham, who has once again cast in his lot with the old club, was in his very best batting form. His proportion of 235 for six wickets was 108 (not out), and during a stay of three hours at the wickets he gave not the ghost of a chance. He treated all the Jolimont bowlers alike. Boyle's "off theory" and Horan's "leg theory" came all the same to Blackham, whose really artistic exhibition of cutting, driving, leg glancing, and every other "ing" you like to mention in connection with the art of batting deserves the very highest praise. Blackham went in first, and, after the early fall of Bruce, J. Swift was his partner. Swift played a first-rate game for 43, and had the hardest of hard luck in being run out when set like a rock, so impregnable was his defence. G. Palmer, who has allied himself with Blackham in the ranks of Mel bourne, played an excellent game for 36, and it was his luck to be very cleverly caught by Robertson at deep mid-off from a capital hit. HTlwraith played capital cricket for 17, and Burton waa there at call of time (7, not out). Lawler made one splendid stroke for 4, but the dexterity of Percy Lewis stopped bim from going further. Lawler was of opinion tb&t; he had not touched the ball, but Blackham, who was at the other end, was in accord with tho umpire. H. Scott was the most fortunate of the East Melbourne bowlers. Long hops with him were fre quent, bat he bowled many a ball that 44 stuck up" tbe batsman for all tbat, and his four wickets did not coBt a great deal. Boyle bowled capitally, bnt his lock was clean out, and he got only one wicket. Amies, late of South Yarra, wae tried iu the absence of Trapp, owing to a strained arm, but this new aspirant's first appearance was not a great success. M'Shane, after a while, wae played with ease, and Horan tried and tried in vain. Percy Lewis never kept wickets to better advantage, and the fielding of the Jolimonters all round was A 1. Boyle, Groube, Horan, Robertson, and M'Shane did capital work, aud tbis remark will also apply to J. Lawler, who fielded sab. for J. W. Aiiee, an absentee. The Viotorian Cricketers' Association meet ing held last night is so fully dealt with else where that it is quite unnecessary for me to enter into details in tbis 44 chatter," but I may state that I do regret, in common with Mr. Justice "Williams and all true lovers of tbe game, that the Association should have been driven to tbe decisive step which they felt called npon to take last night. Let us hope tbat His Honour's unanimously- carried motion will have tbe effect of keepiog rebel lious Bpirits down for all future time. ins southerner?, I'm told, h&d; it all arranged to 44 pelt the Richmond bowling to rate," but it happened, somehow, that the 44 pelting" didn't come off. A fast true wicket is one of the essentials to the compi lation of a big aggregate, and tbis particular essential was wanting very much last Satur day at Richmond. One end was about decent, and that was the end to which Sam Morris did not bowl. Sam's bowling did not get up as high as your head, but it bestowed itself impartially about your ribs and body. It hit you in tbe fingers and bruised your feelings generally, ana at last it added insult to injury by sending you or some of you back to the pavilion from which you had emerged intent upon tbe augmenta tion of your average. Yes, indeed, Sam Morris struck a 44 patch," and it was odIv at stray times when he lost tbe 41 concert pitch." that he was playable. Then, of coarse, he suffered, and you had the pleasure of knowing in the long run tbat hie five wickets cost him 75 ruue. Morris did not require a change, but R. Hosie, having bowled for an hour or more without effect, gave way to Carlos, a junior, who comes from the Rich mond Alma. Carlos has an easy delivery, bowls a good length, and on the occasion under notice, though unaided by a 44 patch," be succeeded in capturing three wicket r for 2S rung, not a bad start for a youngster in a first-class match by any means. South Mel bourne's tote! of 140, on what was described to mc as tbe 44 woret first-class wicket of the season, included 31 from J. Worrail, 23 from J. Trumble, 16 (not out) from 'W. Gibson, 14 from Ciovis Maioon, and 12 from M. Minobin. There were so other doubles. Worrail played vigorously, Trumblt: and Gibson neatly, Mincuin usefully, and Mainon Bhaped so well as to show that his being sent in last was a mistake. Rundell, one of the chosen of Richmond, failed to put in an appearance, aud a junior named Over, who fielded sab. for him, ran A. Windley out by a very smart piece of work. There seemed to be no doubt abont the possibility of making the run ; but tbe ball aped towards Over, and be had it up like a shot and at tbe wicket as etraight as a die. Windley, who had made 8, deserves a word of praise for the neatness of his contribution. A few of the Richmondites were a trifle inert, but P. Smart, Carlos, Moore (a lad just promoted from the juniors), and Sato. Morris were all there, and E. Turner, at the wickets, was in his best trim. Richmond had time to lose two wickets for 25 runs before six o'clock, and of these A. Bowmtm was credited with a well-made IS (not out). J. Herring (late of Kyneton) made his debut as a South Mel- Luurnite in this match. He ie accounted a good batsman, but on this occasion Sam. Morris' 4 4 patch" kept him out of the running. The second Richmond wicket fell just on the stroke of time, and Moore, a left-banded batstnan who had played several overs in a taking etyle, without, however, being able to get the ball away, wa6 tbe victim. Wor rail bad him with a fat Yorker, and it wax through tbat good catch of Worrall'a at mid-on that Trumble got the other wicket. Thk Hew men had their ground in tiptop order in anticipation of a Tit-it from Fiizry, and the Utter now consider that their losing of tbe toes was a calamity. In reply to Kew's 178, the Fiizroyites put up oi iy 14 for 6 wickets, andDcdd, wboto«»k 5 for 8, was the bowh.-r of the day. For Kew Stead got 52, and displayed any quantity of vigour. Next in order came Roberts 31, Nicholson 28, Browne 2G, and R'n-s 14, each of them play- iug well. R. Mitchell secured K-w wickets, J. T. Hayed 3, and Whitelaw and Newman 1 each. Mitchell's average wt good, and Tarrant and Charlie Newman are there yet for Fitzroy. Cakltok were treated to an afternoonU fielding over at Hotbam, who retained pus- dttiion for the day, and scored 189. R. Houeton played a faultless iuniegg for 92, , and his only chance was that wbiob earned him to retire, well csught by Beveridge at the wickets. Iu bis display neatness and vigour were combined ; aud, to show how much of the latter element was brought into play, it will suffice to state tbat out of the first 100 he bad made exactly $3. During Christmas week I had to chronicle two cen tury scores for Houston, and I'm sorry I cau't do it now for the third time thie season. It was a downright pity to be cut short so close to tbe coveted number. Be sides Houston's 92 in. this particular match, there were scores of 31, 24, 16, aud 1G, and tbe compilers in givtn order were Hurst, Raines, Little, aud Lord. For Carlton the bowling honours were carried off by Richards, who received some assistance from G. Browning, Spier, and A. Browning. Post Melbourne don't mcau to be beaten by St. Hilda this trip, anyhow. For the Ports Qanneysee scored 56, W. Vines 32 (not ont), R. M'Leod 24, Dean 20, and Testro 15, and the total was 170. To this St. Hilda feebly replied with 38 for six wickets, and Kinder (17) was theonly double. Lowe bowled capitally for St. Hilda, six wickets falling to him at a moderate cost. Harris, Smith, and Findlay bowled much lees encoesafulty on tbe same side, and Testro's grubbers and M4Leod's medium pace did the exeoution for Port Melbourne. Richmond Ramblers are getting on very well against the second of Essendon. The latter, thanks to the excellent bowling of Pexton,'Who took nine wickets for 14 runs, were all dismissed for 57, and this the Ramblers headed by 24. Essendon in their second innings have lost three wickets for 23 rnns. The rest of them must wait till next Saturday Hawthorn lost five for 19 against "Wil- liamstown, whose total as the visiting team was 136. G. Grubb headed the list with a well got 47, and Trott (33) and Allan (29) were also to the fore. The second of Haw thorn played at Williamstown. The latter had to field while 98 were being compiled, and they, by way of reprieal, totted up 94 for three wickets. Haslam and Fitzpatriok, for 43 and 42 respectively, batted in rare form for Williamstown. 8\. English played free crioket for 37 for Footscray against Malvern, who, though most desirous of rubbiog out Footsoray's 73, were only equal to 44. J. Edwards made 14, and he stood quite alone as Malvern'a double. Seven Malvern wickets fell to Nun- week for 23 runs, and Grant took the otboe three. W. Goode and J. Edwards were the best of the Malvern bowlers. Oakleigh defeated tho Star of Richmond by four wickets and 16 rune. The Stars were the visitors, and they scored 58. H. H. Newton (43, not ont) and G. Newton (21) batted well for the other side, and Oakleigh saw 76 go up when the sixth wicket fell. In bowling G. Newton was facile pr weeps. He captured seven wickets, and his brother H. H. three. The Star of Richmond en joyed their trip, and are. well pleased with tbe Oakleigh fellows, notwithstanding that tbev had to leave tbe flag of victory behind. The Melbourne eleven who essayed to de feat the Kew Asylum players had only tbeir labonrfor their pains. The Asylum skipper won tbe toss, and in went hie men straight. J. F. Cody was in his very best fettle, and he floored 128 by attractive play. Then there were J. M4Michael 31, Hugh Trumble 22, M4Kie 14 (not out), King 15, Duncan 14, Barrow 13, and 8. M'Michael 13 (not out) ; and all these men are nearly as good as Cody, but it was his day out, and he stayed the longest. Next time Melbourne go to Kew Asylum they mean to take a bowler. On the Fitzroy ground the second of Kew were trying to emulate the deeds of their first eleven brethren at home, but the second of Fitzroy were too good for them. Swan made 45, Welsford 33, Josephs 26, aud "Waugh 22 for the second of Fitzroy, and the KewiteB were eo much astonished at this tbat they went in and lost six for 42 in reply to 189. The surprise of the day last Saturday was the compulsory retirement.nnd final exit of the Oapulets from the Boyle and Scott's Cup competition. Tbe Queensberry were all behind on the first inning?, the Oapulets having scored 78 against their opponents' 45\. In the eecond inningB the Gapulets were disposed of for 42, and tbo Queensberry, who wauted 76 to win, had five wickets down for 5 runs. The Capulets thought then tbat it was 44 all Lombard-street toa China orange" in their favour, but J. Black, a former com rade of theirs who had deserted tbem, wae in reserve, nud he, along with J. Tankard, au ex-Carltonite, made such a capital stand that tho Queen«berry won on the post by 2 runs and 2 wickets, and tbe redoubtable Capulete, to their uodisgaieed astonishment, were out of the Cup. On the ODly other occasion that the Oapulets were shut out they came in as runncrs-up, and loose fielding may be set down as the main cause of the position they now hold. Tb« b best performers for the Queensberry in this match which so utterly destroyed the hopes of the Oapulets were Black, Tankard, and A. Buncle in the run- getting Hnfi and D. Bickford and E. O'Brien as bowlers.. Buncle scored lj wiu-u oil cU failed to make anything like a decent stand in the first innings; aud Black's 39 (not out) aud Tankard's 26 in the eecond were highly creditable performances, aud Bickford aud O'Brien trandied so well as to help materially in tbo achievement of the victory. J. Harvey bowled remarkably well for the Capulete right through, and Ward, Johnt-on, and R. Don did thiir beet with the bat, aud Ryder aided with tbe ball. But 44 what is to be must be, and there it is" as a Capulet supporter said when the end came, and the Capulet?, be sure, took their reverse in good part. South Melbourne Britannia, who were tho fir?t to iuflict defeat upon the Oapulets this season, were them selves beaten for tho eecoud time, aud shared the fate of the Capulet? on tho very same day. North Fitzroy were the conquer- org jn this instance, and ihc-ir majority con- cisted of 10 wickets and 3 runs. South Mel bourne BritaDuia eoored 42 and C3, while North Fitzroy got 96 and 12 without thelofs of a wicket. T. PitS8fifcld(27),F. Dyall(2l) Dclaney (13), and Marshall and Smart (12 each) played well in the first innings of tho North, and Bushell (11). aud Ford (10, not out) did best for S. M. Britannia, for whom Kline, with 17, was top scorer iu tbe second, iunings. W. Logan, formerly a senior, touk ten wickets altogether for the North, and Marshall aud Drj6dale also bowled with success. Ormond and Hotham Hill Union have yet to finish their match, and the latter want 55 rune to win.- Tbey have seven wickets wherewith to get the number. Tbe scores at present stand, Ormond IIS and 47, H. H. Uuion 72 and 39 for three wickets. This match will be concluded t.n Saturday next, and tbe result is looked forward to with much auxiety. "Wagga Wagga gave the Englishmen a brilliant reception, and the Britichers in one day vanquished twenty-two of Wagga Wagga by two wickets and 4 runs. 126 was the Wagga Wagga score, and to it W. Digging contributed 36, Mumford 25, S. Thompson 16y aud Daley 10. Barnes was again in great form for the Englishmen, and he got 55 (not out) out of 130 for eight wickets; only Attewell (27) aud Peel (12) were with him as double-figure men. b. Thouipsoo, a left-hand bowler, of Wagga, took five wickets for 41 runs, and of him tbe Englishmen, 1 hear, think highly. Higgins took'two for 47, and Jarvey oue for 15. Peel aud Flowers did all the bowling for the Englishmen. Tbe former got 13 for 57, and the latter four for 66. Wollongong was the next place of visitation by the Englishmen. Having done their work at Wagga, on Wed nesday last they came on to Wollongong and played twenty-two of the district on Friday aud Saturday. The Englishmen were in too long on Friday for 171 to give the twenty- two a chance to bat. On Saturday Peel and Bates took charge of the bowling, and, as the Wollongong boys made only 40 and G7, the visitors won by An innings and 04 runs. Six of tbe Englishmen got double figures — namely, Shrewsbury (49), Flowers (46), Barnes (26), Read (14, not out), Briggs (10j, aud Peel (10). There were thirteen 44ducka" in the first inuings of Wollongong, and not quite eo many in tbo second. Yesterday the Englishmen concluded a match with twenty- two of Candeio, and iheir next encounter will be with twenty-two of Nowra. It has been stated to me that a satisfactory arrangement hAB been arrived at between th Euglibhmen and the Cai-tlemHine UniU-d C ub f«.r the playing of a match in March between Shaw'fl team and twenty-two of Cifctlcmaine. I understand that the Fitzroy Cricket Club have offered the use of their ground for the proposed match between the English men and IS juniore. The only ohj-ction, it appear, that tho latter have to playing od the M.C C. Ground is that they are to un- j-ccuftomed to tbo turf tbat it would be idle for them to try anywhere except on a 44 hard grouud pitch." The Fitzroy Ground affords t-ittiug accommodation for about 12C0, and there is standing room for any number of pcrt-cub ; aud besides tbi?, the reserves could he utilised, and an extra charge made for admission to them. The engagements of tbe club will be practically over by the time the dates for the proposed junior fixture have come round, and should the English managers consider the accommodation suffi- J cient and agree to play there a 44 hard" J wicket will bo made ready. After Beualla the Englishmen should be able to baton huv- thing, and this 'affair, at "Norih Fitzroy would, without doubtj prove a splendid draw. The South Australians, I learn, are try ing bard to bring themselves into good condition for tbe forthcoming intercolonial match with Victoria, and at first our friends of the wheat colony were very hopeful. Now, however, there is a hitch. A. H. Jarvis refuses to play, and Walter Giffen declines to ask for leave, as lie has just come baok to the Government eervioe from a holiday. Jarvis, I think, has reason on his side. He is not a rioh man, and be wanted the Adelaide Association to pay his passage money and expenses while he stayed here jn the interval between the England v. Australia match, in which he played so distinguished a pari, and the Intercolonial, whioh his colony, with his assistance, hoped to win. The Adelaide Association offered him the muoificeot sum of £5 sterling, and he of course deolined to stay. The money would not pay his board at an ordinary lodging-house, leave alone at the Grand Hotel, at which, I believe, the South Australians, when they come over, are to stop. Subscriptions to pay the expenses of Jarvis coald have been easily obtained, any number of cricketers being will ing to put their hands in tbeir Sockets for the honour of their colony, but arvis would not accept anything unless it came direct from the Association, The Adeiaideans are to leave for Mc-lbournc on Saturday next, and it is to be hoped that the Adelaide Association, meantime, will eschew a niggardly policy, and come down to the very reasonable terms which Jarvis, in hie oircumstances, deems it right to ask. That tbey are not exorbitant I verily believe. Refusing to ask for leave and being unable to get it is quite another thing, and if " proper representations " were made there can be little doubt that Walter Giffen would be per mitted to play. With him aud Jarvis iu the team Adelaide might have a show, but with out thorn it will be 44 no go," I'm very much a/raid. One hundred three-figure scores, or (here abouts, have been compiled this season up to tbe present in various parte of Australasia. The tallest, eo far, U G. F Vernon's 221, out of 340 for English Public Schools, other wise Mr. Sturges' Eleven agaiost the Bohemians at East Melbourne, on Monday of last week. Since then tbe heavy weights of Melbourne and East Melbourne had a meeting, aho at East Melbourne, and iu this 4 4 Stout" Hedley, better known as llarry of that ilk, totted up 137. Thanks to this splendid item, the Jolimont fourtoen-6toners realised 2S9 before the last of them fell, and tbe Melbouruians made exactly 1S9 less. Hedley was carried in, and his carriers are said to be slowly recovering under the influence of shandygaff and other kindred restoratives. Carcoar had a century man on New Year's Day, in the person of Fagan, who stayed in six hours against Mouut M'Donald, and scored 121 out of 215. Add Biddulpb'e 70 to Fagan's little lot, and you have them nearly all. Lies some other scribes, I was led to be lieve that Mr. R. Goldsbrough was the donor of the prizes, value thirty guineas, presented for distribution to the two best batsmen and the two best bowlers in tbe England v. Australia match reported last week. Mr. Angus Robertson, of Yarrabcc Park, is really the gentleman to whom the honour belongs. Golden Square Juniors, though number ing fifteen, agaiuet eleven Sandhurst Capulets were beaten by 22 ruuB on tbe first iunings. Golden Square made 30 aud 5S. In the first innings Duff and Douey, with 9 aud 7 respectively, were tho nearest to a double figure, and in the second Wilson (17) aud Duff (10) earned their runs by fair cricket. The Saudhurst Caps, in their only essay made 52, Marlin (11), aod Horr-field (9j boiog up top. Seiiara bowled with great success for the fitteeo, and for the eleven Seymour took 9 for 15, O'Neill 0 for 19, and 9 for 27 were taken by Crowe. Banxkbuan- street, called after little Alco. perhaps, set up an eleven of its own in oppo sition to Little Iron Burk, and victory de clared for L.I.B. by 104 to 81. The Banuer- man-street boys did not expect to be Oilled upon to put out batsmen of such cAibro as Robertson, Morrison, aud Riely ; but if there were only a few more like the two Ttewar- thas and Hamplan to play for Bannermao- street, then tbe Liule Iron Barkers should see what they should see. Sixteen of Cheltenham met eleven Joli monters on Thursday lat, and went back beaten, the bowling of G. M4Sliane and G. Palmer being more than they wtre equal to. Tho Jolimouters scored H8, and \V. Muiiziea (11), G. M'Shane (33), R. Little (25), and J. Allee (13) were tbe principal coutributore. The sixteen made 67. Palmer took 6ix wickets for 23 ruue, and M'Shaue 8 for 31. At a meeting of the Now South Wales Cricketing Association on Monday night, it was resolved that W. L. Murdoch, A. Bannerman, F. Spofforth, and G. Bounor should be asked in writing whether they will play for New South Wales against tbc Englhmen in the match t-> be commenced at Moore Park on the 24 th iust. The 4iGi&ut;," it is said, intends to 4 Sydney, and this probably accounts for the mention of his name in this connection. Clarendon Zingari won their match against Heidelberg on Saturday by 52 to 30. On tbe winning side G. Tiudall scored 13 and netted 7 wickets for 19 ruDe, Kellelier took 3 for 9, and Woods just managed to get a double figure. Mills made 23 out of Heidelberg's 30, bnt in a second essay, when Heidelberg lost two wickets only fur 37, Mills was not quite so haopy, I have received from Messrs. Boyle and Scott a neat little volume of 140 puges re printed from Cricket, aud entitled 44 The Duings of the Fourth Australian Cricket Team it) England, withPortraite, Biographies, and Averagee." It contains, in addition to tho doings of the team in England, a full record of their preliminary tour iu Australia, and to anyone wishing to possess a complete memento of, perhaps, the most arduous cricketing campaign ever undertaken, the book is well worth tho shilling for which it can be obfait,ef. Burwood were all out for 39 againet South Melbourne Marylebone, who replied with 83 for 5 wickets. D. Slop (23, not out), Hen derson (22, not out), Kitts (14), and J. Law- son (9) made tbe majority of the runs for Marylebone, and SJos captured 3 Burwood wickets for 2 runs, Middloton 3 for 14, and Marsh ara 3 for 20. Imperial defeated North Carlton by 72 runs aud a wicket. Scores : North Carlton, 31 ; Imperial, 9 down for 103. T. Hastings (33), Rush (23), Angelj(13), Williams (10), and SefiOD (3) hatted well. Purkbide totted up 62 against Courtney United' 4 8. For the winners Aogue (14) and R. Courtney (12) were the moet successful batsmen. J. Armstrong took 5' wickets for 16 runs, aud J. M'Elroy 1 for 0 for Hotham Perseverance against L&wton;'p, aud the latter were 4$ behind when Perseverance fioibhed up for 91. J. Osborne played a good innings for 42, and so did S. Smith for 33 for tbe victore. There was great rejoicing in Adelaide when it became known that Mr. A. H. Jar vis made such a grand score against tbc Englishmen ; and well he deserved it, for there is not a man in tbe cricket field tbat is more liktd than the Hindmareh crack. Mr. G. Giffen made a staud against the Hind- marsh on the Oval last week, bis total being 94 (not out) after a brilliant inning?. George and Quilty are running very close for tUc best bowling average. Tho Advertiser aud Register offices have a splendid lot of cricketer?, and before long some of them will be heard of inakiug a name for themselves in tbo biggest matches hero. The former club hsg two splendid bowlers in J. Grots and W. Simp-on, aud I doubt, when on the wick.-t, wheiher any professional could fi-joro off their bowling. Li6t Satur day Simpson took G wickets for 13 runs, uud Cros? 4 for 10 runs. The beet man with the willow h Jack Kcas, who generally makes doublo figures ; agaiust a good team last Saturday he inndo 56, not giving a chance. Baruett, Hughes, Yard, and Melbourne are both good with the bat and in the field. Tbe Register Club hare a few A-soeiatfon men to do battle for them, and they possess j two good men in Whitridge and Noon, both ' good bats. Coonan, Young, and Reeves are all there with the leather, end in a match a few weeks back the former took 7 wiokets for 9 rune. Both these clubs havo won more matcbes than any other up to the time of writing. The Eastern Kill would like to arrange a few matches for the Eoetcr holidays with some country clubs. Apply E. Krausegrill, Exchange, Collins-street. 