Christianity and. Other Faiths. Iwtôfci'Andrew's Church, Be^Éf. o^-Suíij day nigbf, the Rov. A. S. 0. Jumes de livered tho sixth special sermon af thé é8ürse, the subject being ■■ ,,'/ I, S THEISM AND UNITABIANISM. * Mr. James said :— " We now consider thoso.opinions which líiay be best described ijucler the titles of Tlieism " and Unitavianism ; these exist among Christian peoples at the present hour, and are sometimes extolled aB su perior to,Christianity. It-may be. neccs-. Bary for us first to define certain terms which may be used in the present dis cission. ,"1. Atheism, is a system x>f thought which denies that there is a God. Agn sticism affirms thati if there is a God, wo do not and caunot know Him. _ _ i , '•6. Deistn, which has the same ety Anologicul meaning as Theism, has been, 'distinguished from it since tbeappearanee of the great English Deists in the lGth century.' It believes in the existence of God, but denies His moral government (if the world, and His supernatural revel ations.' , ' / " 4. Theism admits the existence of Gtid, His'tiiorkl government of the world, and, in some cases, His supernatural re velation; > t < ,'i ; t 111!;' ; "5. Unitarianisin accepts the existence of God^and His ¡chaiBcter ¿as taught in ihb Script il t'fe, ' which jit bhtfbves to be a Divine révelátioh ; ' but denies tbe doctrine of-the Trinity and allotherdootrines con nectedwithit. v,. . i ■" In' considering tbe first branch of Tbeisin, we inay include under it certain schools of rationalistic thought, in Ger many. Deism believes in God, but denies revelation, and such a system labours under a cinguhir difficulty in'working out the problem of life. - If we ido not know whether God is holy, if we do not know whether God is just, if we only know that God is powerful (which we ie&í'á from the forces of nature), or th&t; ho is wise (from the arrangements of tho univôrse), how ' can wb tell'the habit of life "which will please him? '''Andif we accept the teach ing of conscience intbe bpRt moods «f the human soul, and thus dimly see that the wise and .powerful God is also holy ; if as .Deists, we, take one step further, and, 'leärn how the universal conscience of the human race has ever manifested, in its «sacrifices¡and.-nblatións, a deëp iseiiseof wrong' committed : against af superior beiug; how,., then, shall wo who have banished'sacrificó, and disbovered an ob latioi) a vain thing, , satisfy this, unrest, and átone for this sin P ' All this we may learn without revelation. ' The adyooates of Deism have {differed amougst IthomV selves in such fundamental questions as these:—' Is there any intriusio difference between , right and wrong ? Will God hear prayer? Is there a future life?' This creed has been a historic failure. A minister named David Williams became a Deist in the 17th century, and opened a 1 Temple of Nature ' in London, where he preached for four years ; at the end of that time he had neither fuuds nor con gregation, and he said that most of his people had goue on to Atheism. Similar attempts in tbe United States of America met with a like result. During the pro gress of the French Revolution, a sect arose calléà 'The Tbéóphilauthropists.' They obtained the nse of 18, or. 20 of the discarded churches : among them Notre Dame. They had a short creed composed of belief in the'existence of God, and the immortality of tho soul; while their mora! code consisted iof two maxims, harravwd from. Christianity : — • L<>ve to God,' and ' Love to Man.' They had the advàn tageof powarful. philanthropic, learned, and wealthy patrons. Vocal aud instru mental mUsio added its charms to a ser vice of literary excellence. No religion had ever been established under such ex- , ceptional advantages ; but, in a short time, the movement died a natural death; it could not live. (Seé Histoire de Thèo phäanthrnpie, parM. Grégoire.) Tbeistic systems of any other kind are open to/similar objections; denying a supernatural revelation, they tell us noth ing about the character of God or the nature of the future state. They present us with no remedy for the sin and sorrow of tbe world. God has giveu us no revel ation of Himself ; we have asked' in our necessity for bread, and He, the Infinite, has given' us à stone ! It listens to the deep intuitions of the human race which proclaim a life beyond the grave ; it weighs the arguments of philosophy which teach that such a life is probable, but, it has no certainty ; it'develops no relation to the Almighty which makes -virtue easier to the troubled and simple ; it ousts bread upon the waters that is not «eeñ after many days ; it cannot tell us that God is touched with the feeling of our infir mities; it does not teach us ;r"Leave thy , fatherless ■ children, I will preserve them alive, and;let they .widows .trust in me." No, all this we ijiiiisjt obtain from that despised book, the bible. Its con ception of'the' character bf God and. its doctrine of the brotherhood of the human race are absolutely borrowed from Chris • tianity. The Gospel'alone teaches 'that " God is love," and the fatherhood of G;od is only, taught in the life of,His Son Christ Jesus.' It too, evert in modèrn times, isa failure. Recently the Theistic cause bas possessed two churches in London ; one was tilled by Mr. Moncure D. Qontvay, of. literary fame (who recently paid á visit to these colonies) ; the otbèr was occupied 1 by Mr. Voyeey. About 12 years ago Mr. Conway said " The Theistic church is to be the next great homo bf human hearts and thoughts" : recently, both these gen tlemen .have confessed iu their. pulpits, theh'opoless collapse of the Thoistic cause. In these colonies Judge Williams has ad vocated Theism in a work called "Religion without Superstition," arid. after elimina ting what he calls " superstition"^ from Chrjgtianity„:ho hafi produced a wan ghost whose shadowy outlines have been drawn from the Faith he seeks to supersede. {Tobe concluded.J 1 The Eev. Bichard ■ Boberts has bean elected president of the English Wesleyan Conference. , . A;r Melbourne, on Thursday, William Holmes, an elderly man, employed as: verger at . AU Saints' Churoh, St Kilda, was fined £20,' or six months in .default, for assaulting a young girl in church by kissihg her.' ' ' Aï the 38th half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Newcastle Gas end Coke Company, the report shows a credit amount'for'the hhlf-year of £2524/4/7. During tho past half-year additions had been made to the works in the shape of new purifiers and additional retorts.' - Further additions are in course of construction/ Owing to the increased consumption of gas, the price per 1000 cubic feet has been reduced to 7s Id. Mr. Charles F. -Stokes,'k>f ; Messrs 'It. Tovfns and Co., was re-elected, a .direotp'r. A dividend'Of 10 percent!, and bonus of 2A per cent., were declared for tho half year; A cordial vote of thanks was accorded the direotors. 