THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. ? 0 ? , : By Miss A. IL Gkeen. J306e.II.— HENRY CLAVERING. ; XIX. . IN MY VOICE. Something betwoon a hindrance aud a liolp. W OltDS WORTH. The next day as, with nerves unstrung and an exhausted brain, I entered my oflico, I was greoted by the announcement : — 'A gentleman, sir, in your private room — been waiting soiuo time, very impatient.' Weary, and in no mood to hold consulta tion with clients, new or old, I advanced with any thing but an eager step toward my room, when upon opening the door I saw — Mr. Olavcring. I Too much astonished for the moment to speak, I bowed to him silently, whereupon lie approached me with tho air and dignity of a highly-bred gentleman, and presented his card, on which I saw written, in free and handsome characters, his whole name, Henry Ritchie Olavering. After this introduction of him self, ho apologized for making so unceremoni ous a call, saying in excuse, that ho was a stranger in town ; that his business was one of great urgency ; that he had casually heard honorable mention of me as a lawyer and a gentleman, and so had ventured to seek this interview on behalf of a friend who was so un fortunately situated as to require the opinion and advice of a lawyer upon a question that not only involved an extraordinary state of facts, but was of a nature peculiarly embarras sing to him, owing to his ignorance of Ameri can laws, and the legal bearing of these facts upon the same. Having thus secured my attention and awakened my curiosity, he asked me if I would permit him to relate his story. Re covering in a measure from my astonishment, and subduing the extreme repulsion, almost horror, I felt for the man, I signified my as sent, at which he drew from his pocket a mem orandum-book, from which lie read in substance as follows : — ' An Englishman travelling in this country meets, at a fashionable watering-place, an American girl, with whom he falls deeply in love, and whom after a few days he desires to marry. Knowing his position to be good, his fortune ample, and his intentions highly hon orable, he offers her his hand and is accepted. But a decided opposition arising in the family to the match, he is compelled to disguise his sentiments, though the engagement remained unbroken. While matters were in this un certain condition, he received advices from England demanding his instant return, and alarmed at the prospect of a protracted absence from the object of his affections, he writes to tho lady, informing her of the circumstance and proposing a secret marriage. She con sents with stipulations, the first of which is, that he should leave her instantly upon the conclusion of the ceremony, and the second, that he should intrust the public declaration of tho marriage to her. It was not precisely what he wished, but anything which served to moke her his own, was acceptable at such a crisis. He readily enters into the plans pro posed. Meeting the lady at a parsonage some twenty miles from the watering-placo at which she was staying, he stands up with her before a Methodist preacher, and the ceremony of marriage is performed. There were two wit nesses, a hired man of tho minister, called in for the purpose, and a lady friend who came ?with the bride ; but there was no license, and the bride had not completed her twenty-first year. Now was that marriage legal ? If the lady, wedded in good faith upon that day by my friend, chooses to deny that she is his lawful wife can he hold her to a compact entered into in so informal a manner 1 In short, Mr. Raymond, is my friend the lawful husband of that girl or not ?' While listening to this story, I found my self yielding to feelings greatly in contrast to those with which I greeted the relator but a moment before. I became so interested in his ' friend's' case as to quite forget for tho time being that I had ever seen or heard of Honry Clavering ; and after learning that the mar riage ceremony took place in the State of New York, I replied to him, as near as I can re member, in the following words : — ' In this state, and I believe it to be American law, marriage is a civil contract, re quiring neither license, priest, ceremony nor certificate — and in some cases witnesses are not even necessary to give it validity. Of old the modes of getting a wife were the same as those of acquiring any other species of pro perty, aud they are not materially changed ab the present time. It is enough that tho man and woman say to each other, 'From this time we ure married,' or ' You are now my wife,' or, ' my husband,' as the case may be. The mutual consent is all that is necessary. In fact you may contract marriage as you con tract to lend a sum of money, or to buy the merest trifle.' ' Then your opinion is — ' 'That upon your statement, your friend is the lawful husband of the lady in question, presuming, of course, that no legal disabilities of either party existed to prevent such a union. As to the young lady's age, I will merely say that any fourteen-year- old girl can be a party to a marriage contract.' Mr. Olavering bowed, his countenance assuming a look of great satisfaction. ' [ am very glad to hear this,' said lie; 'my friend's happiness is entirely involved in the establishment of his marriage.' He appeared so relieved, my curiosity was ' yet further aroused. I therefore said, ' I have giver, you my opinion as to the legality of this ma:riage, but it may bo quite another thing to irovo it, should the samo bo con tested.' Me started, cost mo an inquiring look, and murmured ; 'True.' ' Allow no to ask you a few questions. Was tho lacy married under her own namo ?' ' She wai.' ' The gcitleman ?' ' Yes, sir' ' Did the lady receive a certificate 1' ' She did.' ' Properlj signed by tho minister and wit nesses V He bowed his head in assent. 'Did she keep this?' ' I cannot say, but I presume she did.' ' The witnesses were — ' 'A hired man of the minister — ' ' Who can be found ?' ' Who cannot bo found.' ' Dead or disappeared ?' ' Tlio minister is dead, tlio man lias dis appeared.' ' The minister dead !' ' Three months since.' ' And the marriage took place when ?' ' Last July.' ' The other witness, the lady friend, where is she ?' 'She can be found, but her action is not to be depended upon.' ' Has the gentleman himself no proofs of this marriage ?' Mr. Clavering shook his head. . ' Ho can not even prove he was in the town where it took place on that particular day.' 'The marriage certificate was, however, filed with tho clerk of the town,' said I. ' It was not, sir.' ' How was that ?' ' I cannot say ; I only know that my friend has made inquiry, and that no such paper is to be found.' I leaned slowly back and looked at him. 'I do not wonder that your friend is con cerned in regard to his position, if what you hint is true, and the lady seems disposed to deny than any such ceremony ever took place. Still, if he wishes to go to law, the Oourt may decide in his favour, though I doubt it. His sworn word is all he would have to go upon, and if she contradicts his testimony under oath, why the sympathy of a jury is, as a rule, with the woman.' Mr. Clavering rose, looked at me with some earnestness, and finally asked in a tone which, though somewhat changed, lacked nothing of its former suavity, if I would be kind enough to give him in writing that portion of my opinion which directly bore upon the legality of the marriage; that such a paper would go far towards satisfying his friend that his case had been properly presented, as he was aware that no respectable lawyer would put his name to a legal opinion without first having care fully arrived at his conclusions by a thorough examination of the law bearing upon the facts submitted. This request seemed so reasonable, I un hesitatingly complied with it, and handed him the opinion. He took it, and after reading it carefully over, deliberately copied it into his memorandum book. This done, he turned toward me, a strong though hitherto snbdued emotion showing itself in his countenance.' 'Now, sir,'' said he, rising upon me to tho full height of his majestic figure, ' I have but one more request to make ; and that is, that you will receive back this opinion into your own possession, and in the day you think to lead a beautiful woman to the altar, pause and ask yourself, ' Am I sure that the hand I clasp with such impassioned fervour is free 1 Have I any certainty for knowing that it has not already been given away like that of the lady whom, in this opinion of mine, I have declared to be a wedded wife according to the laws of my country?' ' Mr. Clavering !' But ho, with an urbane bow, laid his hand upon the knob of the door. ' I thank you for your courtesy, Mr. Raymond, and I bid you good-day. I hope you will have no need of consulting that paper before I see you again.' And with another bow, he passed out. It was tho most vital shock 1 had yet ex perienced, and for a moment I stood paralyzed. Me ! me ! why should he mix me up with tho affair, unless — but I would not contem plate that possibility. Eleanore married, and to this man ! No, no, any thing but that ; and yet I found myself continually turning the supposition over in my mind until, to es cape tho torment of my own conjectures, I seized my hat and rushed into the street in tho hope of finding him again and extorting from him an explanation of his mysterious conduct. But by tho time I reached the side walk, ho was nowhere to be seen. A thousand busy men with their various cares and pur poses had pushed themselves between us, and I was obliged to return to my oflice with my doubts unsolved. I think I never experienced a longer day ; but it passed, and at five o'clock I had the satisfaction of inquiring for Mr. Olavering at the Hoffman House. Judge of my surprise when I learned that his visit to my office was his last action before taking passage upon the steamer leaving that day for Liverpool ; that ho was now on tho high seas, and all chance of another interview with him was a an end. I could scarcely believe the fact at first, but after a talk with the cabman who had driven him to my office and thence to the steamer, I became convinced. My first feeling was one of shame. I had been brought face to face with. an accused man, had received an intima tion from him that he was not expecting to see me again for some time, and had weakly gone on attending to my own affairs and allowed him to escape, like the simple tyro that I was ; my next the necessity of notify ing Mr. Gryco of this man's departure. But it was now six o'clock, the hour set apart for my interview with Mr. Harwell. I could not afford to miss that, so merely stopping to des patch a line to Mr. Grycc, in which I promised to visit hiin that evening, I turned my steps towards home. I found Mr. Harwell there before mo. XX. ' TUUEMAN ! TIIUEMAN ! TtlUEMAN !' Often do tho spirits Of great ovents, stride on before the ovents, And in to-day, already walks to- morrow. CoLElUDE. Instantly a great dread seized me. What revelations might not this man be going to make 1 But I subdued the feeling, and greeting him with what cordiality I could, settled myself to listen to his explanations. But Trueman Harwell had no explanations to give, it seemed ; on the contrary, he had come to apologize for the very violent words he had used the evening before ; words which, whatever their effect may have been upon me, he now felt bound to declare had been used without sufficient basis in fact, to make their utterance of the least importance. 'But,' cried I, ' you must havo thought you had grounds for so tremendous an accusation, or your act was that of a madman.' His brow wrinkled heavily and his eyes assumed a very gloomy expression. It does not follow,' returned he. 'Under the pressure of surprise, I have known men utter convic tions no better founded than mine, without running the risk of being called mad.' 'Surprise? Mr. Clavering's face or form must, then, have been known to you. The mere fact of seeing a strange gentleman in the hall, would have been insufficient to cause you astonishment, Mr. Harwell.' He uneasily fingered the back of the chair before which he stood, but made no reply. ' Sit down,' I again urged, this time with a touch of command in my voice. ' This is a serious matter, and I intend to deal with it as it deserves. You have said before, that if you knew anything which might servo to exonerate Eleanore Leavenworth from the suspicion under which she stands, you would be ready to impart it.' 'I said,' he interrupted coldly, ' that if [ had known of anything which might serve to release her from her unhappy position, I should have spoken.' 'Do not quibble,' I returned, 'You do know something, Mr. Harwell, and I ask you in the name of justice to tell me what it is.' 'You are mistaken,' lie returned, doggedly, ' I know nothing. I have reasons, perhaps, for thinking certain things, but my conscience will not allow me in cold blood to give utter ance to suspicions which may not only damage the reputation of an honest man, but place me in the unpleasant position of an accuser with out substantial foundation for my accusa tions.' ' You are there already,' I retorted with equal coldness. ' Nothing can make me forget that in my presence you havo denoun ced Henry Olavering as the murderer of Mr. Leavenworth. You had better explain your self, Mr. Harwell.' He gave me a short look, but moved around and took the chair. 'You have me at a dis advantage,' he said, in a lighter tone. ' If you choose to profit- by your position, and press me to disclose the little I know, ? I can only regret the necessity under which I lie, and speak.' 'Then you are deterred by ? conscientious scruples alone ?' ' Yes, and by the meagreness of the facts at uiy command.' ' I. will judge of the facts when I have heard them.' He raised his eyes to mine, and I was astonished to observe a strange eagerness in their depths ; evidently his convictions were stronger than his scruples. 'Mr. Raymond,' ho began, 'you are a lawyer and undoubtedly a practical man, but you may know what it is to scent danger before you see it, to feel influences working in the air over and about you, and yet be in ignorance of what it is that ' affects ! you ? so powerfully, till chance reveals that an enemy has been at your side, or a friend passed your window, or the shadow of death crossed your book as you read, or mingled with your breath as you slept ?' ^ I shook my head, fascinated by the inten sity of his gaze into some sort of response. ' Then you cannot understand me or what I have suffered these last three weeks.' And he drew back with an icy reserve that seemed to promise but little for my now thoroughly awakened curiosity. 'I beg your pardon,' I hastened to say,' 'but the fact of my never having experienced such sensations does not hinder me from comprehending the emotions . of others more affected by spiritual influences than myself.' Ho drew himself slowly forward. ' Then youwill not ridicule mo if I say that; upon the eve of Mr. Leavenworth's murder, I experienced in a dream all that afterwards occurred; saw him murdered; saw'— and he clasped his hands before him in an attitude inexpressibly convincing, while his voice sank to a horrid whisper — ' saw the face of his murderer 1' I started, looked at him in amazement, a thrill, as at the touch of a ghost, ruiiiiin** through me. ' And was that ? ' I bean. * 'My reason for denouncing the man I beheld before mo in the hall of Miss Leaven worth's house last night ? It was.' And taking out his handkerchief he wiped his forehead, on which the perspiration was standing in large drops. ' You would then intimate that the face you saw in your dream and the face you saw in the hall last night were the same 1' He gravely nodded his head. % ' I drew my. chair nearer to his. ' Tell me your dream,' said I. ' Well,' said he, in a low, awe-struck tone, ' it was the night before Mr. Leavenworth's murder. I had gone to bed specially conten ted with myself and the world at large, for though my life is anything but a happy ono' — and ho heaved a short sigh — ' some pleasant words had been said to mo that day, and I was revelling in the happiness they had conferred, when suddenly a chill struck my heart, and the darkness which a moment before had appeared to me as the abode of peace, thrilled to the sound of a supernatural cry, and I heard my name, 'Trueman, Trueman, True man,' repeated three times in a voice I did not recognise, and starting from my pillow beheld at my bedside a woman. Her face was strange to me,' he went on, solemnly, 'but I can givo you each and every detail of it, as, bending over me, she stared into my eyes with a growing terror that seemed to implore help, though her lips were quiet, and only tho memory of that cry echoed in my ears.' ' Describe the face,' I interposed. 'It was a round, fair, lady's face. Very lovely in contour, but devoid of coloring ; not beautiful, but winning from its childlike look of trust. The hair, banded upon the low, broad forehead, was brown; the eyes, which were very fur apart, grey ; the mouth, which was its most charming feature, delicate of make and very expressive. There was a dimple in the chin, but none in the cheeks. It was a face to be remembered.' 'Go on,' said I. ' Meeting the gaze of those imploring eyes. I started up. Instantly the face and all vanished, and I became conscious, as we do sometimes in dreams, of a certain movement in tho hall below, and the next instant, the gliding figure of a man of imposing size entered the library. I remember experiencing a certain thrill at this, half terror, half curiosity, though I seemed to know as if by intuition what he was going to do. Strange to say, I now seemed to change my personality, and to be no longer a third party watching these proceedings, but Mr. Leavenworth himself, sitting at his library table and feeling his doom crawling upon him without capacity for speech or power of movement to avert it. Though my back was toward the man, I could feel his stealthy form traverse the passage, enter the room beyond, pass to the stand where the pistol was, try the drawer, find it locked, turn the key, procure the pistol, weigh it in an ac customed hand and advance again. I could feel each footstep he took as though his feet were in truth upon my heart, and I remember staring at the table before me as if I expected every moment .to see it run with my own blood. I can see now how the letters I had been writing danced upon the paper before me, appearing to my eyes to take the phantom shapes of persons and things long ago forgotten as I -had-thought ; crowding my last moments with regrets and dead shames, wild longings and unspeakable agonies, through all of which that face, the face of my former dream, mingled, pale sweet, and searching, while closer and closer behind me crept that noiseless foot till I could feel the glaring of the assassin's eyes across the narrow threshold separating me from death, and haar the click of his teeth as he set his lips for the final act. Ah,' and the secretary's livid face shows the touch of the awful horror, ' what words can describe such an experience as that ! In one moment all the agonies of hell in the heart and brain, the next a blank through which I seemed to see afar and'as' if suddenly removed fromvall this, a crouching figure looking at its work with starting eyes and pallid back-drawn lips, and seeing, recognize no face that I had ever known but one so handsome, so remarkable, so unique in its formation and character, that it would be as easy for me to mistake the countenance of my father, as the look and figure of the man revealed to me in my dream.' 'And this face,' said.I, in a' voice I failed to recognize as my own — ' Was that of him whom we saw leave Mary Leavenworth's presence last night and go down the hall to the front door. , \\(Tobe OoiUinued.) '}% 