BISHOP BYRNE'S CONSECRATION. ? '. ? -*- ? ?? THE CEREMONIES AT BATHURST. (by our special repobteb.) The great event of Sunday, with its deep religious significance, its rare social importance, and all its varied features of holiness, of joy, and of beauty, will have a golden-lettered place in the annals of our faith in Australia. As the celebration of the consecration tinder singularly felicitous circum stances of the beloved and accomplished prelate ?whose elevation to the episcopate has inspired feelings of gladness, consolation, and thankful ness which are shared not alone by the people of the particular diocese most intimately concerned, but also by the whole Catholic community, the day was properly one of rejoicing, and yet it was also in no less full a sense a festival of memories. Our Catholic Hierarchy, numbering the honoured liv ing with the venerated dead, gives us a roll of names, which form part of the history of this country, names inextricably interwoven with its progress, and we have the testimony even of those hostile to us that among the noblest and purest figures which have adorned our public life none are more conspicuous for shining virtues and eminent services than those prelates of our Church who have passed away to their heavenly reward. The death of a bishop in any of these colonies, or the appointment of a successor, though inspiring totally different' sentiments, invariably suggests memories — fond recollec tions and hallowed remembrances — of the mitred servants of God who have gone to their last blessed rest ; and thus it was that at the gorgeous ceremonial which made the Bathurst Cathedral a centre of religious interest on Sunday last, many of those present must of necessity have wandered back in imagination, and lingered fondly on the saintly figures now no more with iis. These occasions are times for graceful reflection, and while the recent celebration served in the natural order to revive endearing memories of the prelates of this Australian Church who are sleeping in ? peaceful blessedness, there were, above all, two venerable and beloved figures, who, a? it were, in spirit presented themselves in the midst of that moving scene, and the holiness of whose memories invested the function, imperceptibly perhaps, with an ele ment of pathos and tenderness that added to the dignity and splendour of the consecration. Within the walls of the Cathedral of St. Michael andSt. John, almostbeneaththe very altarat which Dr. Byrne was on Sunday solemnly consecrated, rest the ashes of two saintly servants of God — the one a distinguished prelate, the other a gentle con fessor and brave missionary, a bishop in all but the title— whose names are indelibly traced' in every stone of the edifice, garlanded about each pillar and arch, and interwoven with the pictured colouring of every painted pane. The marble slabs within the precincts of the Cathedral sanctuary cover the remains of Bishop Quinn and those of Dean Grant, both of blessed memory. It would be ungenerous and un-Catholic to forget their names, their lives, and their services even in a time of jubilation, and it is because we believe these associations lent the event we are recording a twofold sacreditess of gratitude and remem brance that we thus give place to these reflections. But the memories were not all tinged with sadness ; for what cotild have been brighter and more cheering than the cherished recollections of the new Bishop's eventful career of nineteen years of de voted labour among the people of Bathurst, and of his own intimate associations with the edifice which is now his ? cathedral ? No element of im pressiveness or beauty was wanting in the per fect grandeur of the festival, and the solemn rite was rendered not less imposing and affecting by the presence of so many venerable prelates and. dignitaries than it was by the absolutely perfect order and stateliness with which the ceremonies were conducted. Of all who took part in the solemn rite none could have been filled with greater feelings of pride and gratification than the Consecrator, Dr. Murray, whose heart must have gone out in joy on this the occasion of his old and revered friend's elevation to the prelacy, and the happy feelings of the officiating bishop must have been shared by .the j)reacher, Father John Ryan, who too was deeply and affectionately interested in the consecration of one to whom he had been bound for many years by ties of intimate friend ship. The widespread interest taken in the event, and the number of addresses and congratu lations which poured in upon the new Bishop, afforded additional proof of the remarkable popu larity he was known to enjoy. It may be fairly said that no appointment in the Catholic Church of Australia has been hailed with greater plea sure, and that no bishop has entered upon the cares and responsibilities of his office with more cordial, inore fervent, or more generous manifesta tion of love and d.evotion on the part of priests and people. By his frankness, his amiability, and his goodness of nature, the Bishop has won all the hearts of his priests, and it would be impossible to find anywhere existing more perfect feelings of mutual affection an d esteem. Among the laiby no one can be found who speaks other than good of ?Dr. Byrne, so that he1 may be said to have enthroned himself a firm and enduring favourite in the affections of both clergy and people. A crowded congregation witnessed the Consecration, yetvthe perfect order and regularity observed pre vented anything approaching confusion or disedification. All the arrangements for seating the congrega tion were left to the members of the A.H.C. Guild, who had the assistance of several other gentle men, and these admira ble arrangements were W strictly carried out that the ceremonies were not in no degree marred by unneemly crushing or crowd ing in the Cathedral. Tickets were issued +o all bench-holders, and prov.ision was made foi.' ihe visitors from Sydney and elsewhere. 'It maybe here appropriately mentioned that the gentlemen who carried out these arrangements so satis factorily were Mr. W. O'Keeffe, warden ; Mr. J. Kelaher, bursar; Mr. T. J. Eather, secretary; Messrs. F. B. Kenny, R. Kela her, J. Stapleton, J. Gallagher, P. Chifley, T. Marlin, J. Eviston, E. O'Brien, T. Brewer, A. Kain, P. Broderick, and J. T. Fitzpatrick, councillors and members of the Guild ; Mr. John Meagher, J.P., and Mr. Hall. The Guild, in com pliment to the Bishop, who was for many years their chaplain, wore a purple favour on their sashes in honour of the occasion. Long before the appointed time the immense congregation was waiting in anxious expectation. A melodious swain of music which came from the organ gallery having ended, a movement near the main entrance just as ten o'clock was striking indicated that the Bishop-elect and the other prelates were approaching. A silence — and . then, as the choir burst iorth m the greeting ' Eece Sacerdos Magnus,' the cross gleams down the aisle, and the procession enters, acolytes and incense-bearers, being followed by the clergy in soutan, cotta, and biretta; then their Lordships of Goulburn and Armidale ; the consecrating prelate, with his attendants, Arch priest Sheehy and the Very Rev. J. J. Carroll; and the Bishop-elect last of all. The clergy of Bathurst and the ecclesiastical students of St. Charles' Seminary had met the Bishop-elect at the Cathe dral door, and the ceremony of reception with the sprinkling of holy water was very impressive. When the prelates and clergy had taken their places, the scene presented was a strikingly im posing and interesting one. Rows of seats in semi-circular fashion were arranged in the reserved space immediately in front of the sanctuary for the general clergy, and the sanctuary itself, all in crimson and gold, was occupied entirely by the prelates, the officiating priests, and the acolytes. There had been no extravagance in decorating the sanctuary, yet the whole appearance was rich and elegant. The High Altar had its lace hang ings, its flowers, and its lights, in tasteful order, and the reredos was draped with silks fand damasks. The gable above the altar was hidden by the silken draperies, with a picture of the Redeemer as the central feature of the ornamen tation, and the sprays, festoons, and other devices in silver and gold, artificial flowers, with the fancy borderings and scrolls, gave the decorative work a look of charming delicacy. Crimson was the pre vailing colour relieved here and there by gold, and occasionally by white, and all the tints blended with an effect that could not, perhaps, have been attained had there been a greater profusion of colour. All about the golden canopy of the throne and its crimson hangings flowers were worked, wreathed, and entwined, and when the vesture of the bishops added brightness and richness to the surroundings of the altar, the scene was on account of its picturesqueness worthy of an artist's brush. The light from the stained windows of the Cathedral was extremely soft and subdued, and this little circumstance contributed in no incon siderable degree to the impressiveness of the scene and the religious solemnity of the ceremonies. The imposing group at the commencement of the rite of Consecration was the first of- a series of beautiful and affecting spectacles' which succeeded each other as the ceremonies progressed till the final procession had left the Cathedral. The prelates and the Bishop-elect, who had entered the church in their ordinary robes of purple and lace with purple birettas, having vested for the Consecration on the sanctuary, were arranged by the master of ceremonies. The Bishop elect, robed as a priest with cope, and with an assistant Bishop at each hand, both in stoles and copes of crimson and gold and white silk mitres, placed himself before the Oon secrating Prelate, ' who, seated in front of the altar vested in full pontificals, had an assistant on either side. The assisting clergy and the acolytes were stationed at the sides of the sanc tuary, the general clergy, as we have remarked, making several rows outside the large sanctuary arch. It was thus, with an immense congrega tion reverently and profoundly interested, that the Senior Assistant Bishop began the sublime ritual by addressing the Consecrator in these words : ' Most Reverend Father, our Holy Mother the Catholic Church demands of you to promote the Priest here present to the heavy office of a Bishop.' The Consecrating Prelate answers : ' Have you the Aposotlic Mandate ?' and the document being produced, it was read in the Latin text clearly and distinctly by the Rev. Joseph Horan, nephew of the lamented Bishop Quinn. Then the sacred ceremonies were proceeded with, the Bishop-elect being first interrogated by the Consecrator in regard to faith and obedience, making his promises and pledges in the simple language of the Ritual, in the one word ' Volo ! ' It is unnecessary for us, having on several occa sions described in detail the whole sublime rite, to follow the ceremonial in this instance, and indeed from no written account of ours could anything approaching a just conception of the grandeur and stateliness of Sunday's ceremonies be formed. The chanting of the Litany of the Saints at an early portion of the ceremonies was very impressive, and the singing of the ' Veni Creator' had also a deep religious effect. The anointing of the new Bishop and the blessing of the crozier, gloves, ring, and mitre were specially interesting. The prayer of the Consecration preface was touchingly solemn, concluding in the exquisitely beautiful lan guage of the Church :— ' 0 God, thou didst command that Aaron, Thy Elect, should be robed during the performance of sacrifice in mysterious garments, wherefore O Lord we be seech Thee to bestow upon this Thy Servant-, whom Thou hast chosen to minister to Thee in the dignity of High Priest, that whatsoever in those mysteries. garments was implied by the glitter of gold, the sparkling of diamonds, and the varied richness of embroidery, may. shine in his morals and deeds. Achieve in Thy. Priest the comple tion of Thy Ministry, and after clothing him with the brightness of all glory, sanctify him with the dew of celestial ointment.' And the presentation of the mitre to the newly-consecrated Bishop, how touching and affecting ! ' Receive this staff of the pastoral office, that in the correction of vice, thou mayest employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger ; and that in cherishing virtue, thou mayest soothe the minds of thy hearers without neglecting in thy peace fulness the severity of reproof.' The new Bishop having b$en conducted to his throne, the Te Deum was into'iifjel, and while the Church's thrilling hymn of ^joy was being sung by priests and choir, the newly-consecrated Bishop was conducted round the Cathedral by their Lordships Dr. Lanigan and Dr. Torreggiani, the whole congregation kneeling and praying revei ently as their young Bishop passed amongst them with hand extended in benediction, imparting his blessing right and left to his people. Returning to the sanctuary, the final anthem was sung, and the Consecrator having offered a fervent prayer to Heaven, the new prelate ascended the altar steps and pro nounced his episcopal benediction : ' Benedicat vos omnipotens Dens, Pater, et Filius, et Spiritus Sanctus.' The greeting, 'Ad multos annos,' and the kiss of peace, terminated the ceremonies. Dur ing the Consecration and the Mass, the music of the choir was of voices, organ, and. a few stringed instruments, but when the three officiating prelates and the new Bishop had put off their copes and mitres, and the clergy had ranked in line for pro cession, the first notes of the Coronation March burst from the Guild band stationed in the choir, and while the whole Cathedral rang with the glad triumphant strains of this stirring march, the procession of priests, acolytes, and prelates passed from the sanctuary down the centre of the church, and out through the great entrance, his Lordship theji Bishop of Bathurst, in cappa magna, with pectoral cross and ermine cape, attended. by train bearers, having the place of honour and dignity at the end of the solemn pageant. This proces sion formed a fitting termination of the magni ficent ceremonies, which owed their completeness and effect in no small degree to thie ability and judgment of the ceremonial master, Father Vin cent Dwyer, of Maitland, and his assistant, Father Buggy, of the Bathurst diocese. The Consecration Sermon, of which we give a full report, was splen didly delivered, the preacher Father John Ryan, S.J., arresting the attention of the whole assem blage from the first, and holding it to the end of his affecting and eloquent discourse. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Murray, Bishop of Maitland, being the Consecrating Pre late, was a conspicuous figure in the ceremonies. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, and his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Torreggiani, Bishop of Armidale, came to officiate as assistant bishops to the Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, and the Very Rev. J. J. Carroll, Vicar General and Administrator, and the Venerable Archpriest Sheehy, represented the archdiocese of Sydney. The Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, Administra tor of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, and private secretary to the Cardinal Archbishop, attended as the representative of the metropolitan clergy and as the representative of his Eminence the Cardinal. The Rev. John Ryan, S.J., of St. Patrick's College, Melbourne, came from Victoria ; the Rev. Father J. A. Sheehy from Tas mania, and the Very Rev. Father Muraire, S.M., of Villa Maria, Sydney, attended on behalf of the Marist Order. The Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, of Richmond, in the Sydney Archdiocese, also at tQnded, and there was no more imposing figure in the whole assemblage than this gracious and vener able clergyman, who, it may be mentioned, was the first Australian priest ever ordained. The diocese of Maitland had worthy representatives in the Rev. T. P. Corcoran, of Morpeth, Rev. Vincent Dwyer, Maitland, and the Rev.P. Meagher, Newcastle.' The clergy of the Bathurst diocese in attendance were the Venerable Archdeacon D'Arcy, Wellington j Rev. Thomas Walsh, Bathurst ; Rev. Father D. M'Grath, Rockley ; Very Rev. Dr. M'Auliffe, Forbes; Rev. James Kelly, Orange; Rev. J. J. Horan, Carcoar ; Rev. L. Bolger, Cobar; Rev. John Dunne, Dubbo; Rev. P. Riordan, Bathurst; Rev. James O'Donnell, Hill End; Rev. M. Hanly, Molong ; Rev. D. O'Kennedy, Carcoar ; Rev. Wil liam Byrne, St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst ; Rev. M. M'Namara, St. Stanislaus' College, Bathurst ; Rev. Wiliam Campion, Mudgee ; Rev. J. Milne Curran, Nyngan ; Rev. J. Ryan, Parkes ; Bey. M. P. Walsh, Oberon ; Rev. J. Buggy, Bathurst; Rev. M. O'Dea, Orange; Rev. J. O'Doud, Bathurst; and Rev. J. Barry, Bourke. During the ceremonies the Bishops of Goulburn and Armidale had for their chaplains the Very Rev. Dr. Mf Auliffe, Rev. Joseph Horan, Rev. W. Byrne, and Rev. Matthias Walsh. . Father Dwyer and Father Buggy were the masters of ceremonies. The attendance of the laity was no less represen tative than that of the clergy. People came from all parts of the Bathurst Diocese, and the following came specially from Sydney :— Mr. F. S. Maederinott, head manager of the Federal Bank ; Mr. L. F. Heydon, M. L. A. ; Alderman T. J. Murray, Mr. Charles O'Neill, president of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul ; Mr. J. B. Dos pointes, Mr. Owen Carroll, Mr. J. G. O'Connor, Mr. M. P. Meagher, Mr. John Blakeney, Mr. F. Campbell, Mr. Bridge, and the Freeman's Jour nal representative. ?THE MUSIC. The music was as follows :: — Ecce Sacerdos, Cellini : composed of choruses and treble solo, Miss M. Stephens ; treble and tenor duet by Miss E. Hall and Mr. T. Snow ; tenor solo by Mr. T. Snow. Orchestra : 2 violins, Mr. Dryden, Master Connolly ; cornet, Master H. Fish ; euphonium, Mr. S. Appleby ; organist and conductor, Mr. W. D. Cope. Veni Creator, sung as — (1) Treble solo by Miss E. Hall, with violin obligato by Mr Connolly; (2) chorus; (3) bass solo, Mr. W. G. Stephens; (4) chorus; (5) tenor solo, Mr. T. Snow ; (6 and 7) choruses — with orchestral ac companiment. During the vesting, the orchestra played a sonatina by Beriot, arranged by Mr. Cope. Litany of the Saints, chanters : Rev. T. Walsh, Mr. W. G. Stephens, Mr. Dryden, responded to by full choir. Te Deum, sung by chanters and re sjxmded toby choir. Kyrie, Farmer in B flat, with orchestral accompaniment. Offertory, O Salu taris, Breta, by Miss M. Stephens, with violin obligato played by Mr. Dryden. Antiphons, chanted by Rev. Father T. Walsh, Mr. W. G. Stephens, and Mr. Dryden. During collection the organ was played, flute solo by Kalkbrenner. When the procession was leaving the church the ; Coronation March was played by the Guild Band, led by Mr. W. D. Cope, conductor. At Vespers in the evening the usual psalms were sung. Bene diction ' O'Salutaris ' — composed by Mr. W. D. Cope ; treble solo, sung by Miss Hall, with violin obligato, by Master W. Connolly — full chorus ; ' Tantutn Ergo,' Cellini; treble duet, by Miss.M, Ste]}hens and Miss M'Laughlin with chorus and full orchestral accompaniment and the evening ser vice closed with ' March' as in the morning by . full orchestra. All the orchestral parts were ar ranged by Mr. Cope, and it should be mentioned that Master Connolly, the violinist, and Master Fish, cornet, are students at St. Stanislaus' Col lege, and both Mr. Cope's pupils. ? ' ; ??-'?? FATHER BY AN's SERMON. . ' Ego sum pastor bonus. Bonus Pastor animam suain dat pro ovibus suis.' — ' I am the Good Shepherd ; the Good Shepherd giveth his life for -his sheep.' John xii. My Lords, Very Eev. and ' Eev Fathers, dear brethren : Our Lord Jesus Christ, 'whose custom it was to seek access to the human heart by means of familar compari sons, represents Himself to us in Holy Scripture in various types and figures. At one time he gives us the living picture of His infinite good ness and mercy in the Father of the Prodigal Son. At another time He allows us, as it were, to get a glimpse of the strictness and rigour of His justice in the parable of the master who con demned to exterior darkness the slothful servant merely for having buried the talent which he should have employed in his master's service. Then again He shows us the necessity of His grace and of close and constant union with Him by telling us that He is the true Vine, that we are the branches ; and that if we bear not fruit in Him we shall be cut off and cast into the fire. But of all the types by which Our Lord is repre sented to us in Scripture, that of the pastor or shepherd holds the first place. The prophets frequently refer to Him in this figure, and He Himself in His discourses has manifested for it a strongly marked preference. Again and again He refers to it as if He wished to impress it in delibly upon our minds. ±ns unurcn is tne tola, His followers the flock, and He Himself the good shepherd that giveth His life for His sheep. Nor did He mean that this relation between Himself and His followers should be confined to the land of Judea and the Jewish nation, or be limited by the term of His short mortal life. All nations and all times were present to His mind. His Church was to include not only the descendants of the chosen race, but was to open its gates to . Jew and Gentile, to Greek and barbarian. His Gospel was to be believed, His yoke to be borne, and His . laws to be accepted as the supreme rule of human conduct, not merely by nations that were outside the pale of Greek and Eoman civilization as well as by those that where within that pale, but by nations then in the womb of the future — nations that were to spring up and flourish in lands the very existence of which was at that time not even suspected by men. Yet Christ, the Ee deeiner, whose will it was that all men should be saved and should come to the knowledge of the truth, thought of them all, loved them all, was to die for them all, and would Himself be Pastor of them all: And He would be their Pastor, not in a metaphori cal sense , but as truly as He was pastor of those whom he gathered into His fold in His own life time. How was this to be effected ? He determined to select from His followers a chosen few, and to make them His representatives with all necessary power and authority to govern in His name the several portions of His flock. And here to-day we have witnessed amidst all the pomp and grandeur of' the Eoman Eitual, the conferring of this power and authority as really as if it were conferred by Christ Himself nine teen centuries ago on those to whom He said in person, ' Go and teach the nations.' They and their successors weie constituted pastors, and you, my Lord Bishop of Bathurst, here to-day, have been constituted pastor in the self-same sense in which Christ was pastor ; and brethren, if we wish to realize the full and true meaning of this solemn ceremony, we have but to consider what is included in the pastoral office of Christ. Even at this distance of time, and in spite of the difference of our habits from those of eastern nations, there is something strikingly beautiful and tender in the figure of pastor, bv which Our Lord loved so much to represent Himself. But in eastern lands, and in times gone by, the figure was much more expressive. The occupation of shepherd was then not a lowly occupation, but an occupation of emolument and responsibility. The chief wealth of those nations consisted in their flocks, and the office of tending those flocks was undertaken by the sons of wealthy chiefs and princes. Hence we find frequently honourable allusion to pastoral life both in sacred and profane literature. The great poet of antiquity, speaking of the Grecian commanders at the siege of Troy, calls them ' shepherds of the people' ; and the term is also applied in Holy Scripture to kings and princess and persons of high rank. But the occupation of shepherd, though discharged by persons of quality, was by no means an occupation of ease and pleasure. It was, on the contrary, one of constant labour, of solicitude, of hardship, and of danger. The shep herd had to rise with the morning sun and guide his flock to the pasture. And it may be observed, in passing, that this duty he performed not by driving the flock before him, as is the custom among us, but by leading the Avay himself and by inducing them to follow after. Then again be sides having to go in search of those that strayed away, and having to care the young, the weak, and the infirm, he had frequently to expose him self to great danger both by day and by night, in defending his flock from thieves and robbers, and particularly from the ravages of the wolves and ' other wild beasts which were then plentiful in those countries. The Patriarch Jacob, speak ing of his life as a pastor, ? gives . us some idea of what it was in these words : — 'Day and night was I parched with heat and with frost, and sleep departed from my eyes.' Gen. xxvi., 40. Such was the life of the shepherdinancienttiniesandinEasternlands ; and now turning from the type to the reality, a rapid glance at the public life of Our Lord will show us how literally He has fulfilled all the essential qualities of the Good Shepherd. And, in the first place, with regard to guiding His flock, He does not, like the philosophers of Greece and Eome, content Himself with giving precepts, and pointing out the road, but He literally leads the way by His divine example, and never asks His followers to do anything or endure anything which He Himself has not done or endured before them. If He has told us the necessity of obedience to His divine law, and to those whom He has placed over tis, He Himself first led the way ; by becoming obedient, even unto the death of l:.\,' the cross. If He has exhorted us to keep our r:' hearts detached from the things of this world, 1 . He first gave us the example in being so poor, ?',', that He had not where to lay His head. He commanded us to forgive our enemies; but did He not Himself pray for His very executioners, and at the very time that they were putting Him to the most cruel and infamous. of deaths? And so on, we might go through the whole cata logue of all the heavenly virtues which. He taught us, and we should find that there is not one which He Himself did not first practise in the. most heroic degree. 'He began,' says the Evangelist, ' to do and to teach.' Besides, not only does He guide His flock to the pasture, but He Himself supplies that pasture in the fulness of His heavenly doctrine. It is not easy for us at the present day, surrounded as we are on every side by the effects of Christian civilization, to realize what the teachings of Christ have done for the world. What was the state of the world when Christ began His mission ? It is true indeed that Pagan civilization, as far as literature and the fine arts are concerned, had reached a high standard — that m poetry, eloquence, painting, sculpture, architecture, the genius of man had attained its highest .flight ; but it is equally true, that socially, morally, and supernaturally, the nations of the earth were,] as the prophet says, sitting in darkness and in the shadow of death. Eead the first chapter of St. Paul's epistle to the Eomans, and see what a descrip tion the Apostle of the Gentiles gives of the degradation of society at that time. 'When they knew God,' says the Apostle, ' they have not glorified Him as God, but became vain in their thoughts and their foolish heart was darkened. For professing themselves. to be wise, they became fools, and they changed the glory of the incorruptible God into the likeness of the image of a corruptible mam. and of birds and of four-footed beasts and of creeping things— who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worship ped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed for ever.' From this universal darkness which covered the face of the earth our Lord called the nations unto His admirable light, which enlighteneth every man that cometh into the world. He solved the great problems which till then had perplexed, the human mmd. He taught the nations the true knowledge ' of God ; as well as the origin and destiny of man. Again not only has He led His flock by His example and supplied them with an abundance of His Heavenly doctrine ; but He has watched and guarded, and tended, and cared them with a tenderness and solisitudo truly divine. The picture which the prophet gave of him is more than a picture. It is literally true : — ' My sheep were scattered because there was no shepherd and they became the prey of the beasts . if the field. Behold I Myself will seek My sheep and will visit them. I will seek that which was lost, and that, which was driven away I will bring back again, and I will bind up that which was broken, and I will strengthen that which was weak.' He sought after those that were lost, for He came not to call the just but sinners to repent ance and in fact was not this /one of the constant accusations that the Scribes and Pharisees brought against Him — that He conversed and ate and drank with sinners ? And does He not Himself tell us that He would leave the ninety-nine on the mountain top and go in search of the lost one, and having found it, put it on His shoulders rejoicing? He went about, says the Evangelist, doing good to all and healing all that were oppressed. He was ever ready to console and relieve those in affliction. He bound up that which was broken and He strengthened that which was weak. And when asked for a proof of His divine mission He had only to point to His works: — 'The blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead rise again, the poor have the Gospel preached to them.' No one ever applied to Him in vain, though it required the performance of a miracle to comply with the request. The Eoman Centurion tells Him his servant is sick unto death with a iatai malady, and the immediate answer is :? — ' I will come and heal him.' And behold, says the Evangelist, a ruler of the Synagague came up and adored Him, saying; Lord, my daugher is even now dead; but come, lay thy hand upon her and she shall live. And Jesus, rising up, fol lowed him, laid His hand on the lifeless body of the maid, and restored her in perfect health to her parents. The tears of the poor widow of Nairn moved the Sacred Heart to raise to life her only son who was being carried to the grave ; and the entreaties of Martha- and Mary ob tained the resurrection of Lazarus, whose body had been four days rotting in the tomb. But it is in the defence of His flock that Our Lord has proved Himself pre- eminently the good shepherd. Not only did He expose Himself ', to danger in repelling the attacks of the wolves in sheep'a clothing — in unmasking the hypo crisy of the Scribes and Pharisees — but he cheer fully laid down His life for His flock, thus giving us the greatest proof of His love. ' Greater love than this no man hath, than that a man should give His life for his friends.' 'lam the Good Shepherd. The Good Shepherd giveth his life for his sheep.' Nor did the care of the Good Shep herd for His flock cease with this greatest proof of His love. He found a means to continue still our pastor — and this not in a figurative sense, but truly, literally, and really. To understand this, we must remember that Our Lord Jesus Christ, having oncG constituted Himself Pastor, remains Pastor for ever. In fact, to speak correctly, He alone is our Pastor. St. Peter calls Him expressly the Pastor and Bishop of our souls ; and He Himself tells us that there is but one fold and one shepherd, and He is that one Good Shepherd that giveth His life for His sheep. The pastoral office of Christ cannot be divided or multiplied, augmented or lessened. It is essentilly one, eternal, infinite. Yet this does not mean that it cannot be commu nicated to subordinate pastors, whose duty it is to exercise this pastoral office as representatives of the one Supreme Pastor. It is not theirs — it is Christ's. They have no power but from Him. They are His ministers, His ambassadors, and it is He who, through them, guides, and rules, and cares, and guards his flock — thus ever-continuing to the end of time the one Shepherd and Bishop of our souls. The manner in which Christ has conferred this divine commission on His repre sentatives in the pastoral office is truly wonder ful. He does not give them a part, for, as I have said, it is indivisible ; but He gives them the full plenitude of that divine power, which He re ceived from His Eternal Father, and he com municates it to them in the same way as it was communicated to Him:: — 'AH power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth, go ye, therefore, teach all nations.' 'As the Father hath sent Me, I also send you.' He promises them that 4-he exercise of this power on earth shall be ratified and sanctioned in. heaven.:— -'Whatsoever you shall bind upon earth, it shall be bound also in Heaven ; and whatsover you shall loose upon earth, shall be loosed also in Heaven.' He commands all to hear them, even as they should hear Himself: — 'He that heareth you, heareth Me. He that despiseth you, despiseth Me.' And lest they should be terrified in accepting this power— formidable even to the Angels — He encourages them by, .assuring them that the Holy Ghost will,?e#&r;*'be with them in the exercise of their duty :—' I will send the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of truth, to teach you all things and to abide with you for ever.' ' And behold I am with you all clays even to the con summation of the world.' If, then, language has any meaning, the Pastors of the Church are, in the fullest sense of the word, the representatives of Christ. They have the same divine com mission; they have His power; they have His authority to guide, to rule, to care, to guard, to defend the flock committed to their care. And, thanks be to God, and to the abiding influence of Christ and the Holy Ghost, they have, as a body, ever been faithful to their sacred trust. Brethren, let me not be misunderstood. I am not going to indulge in sentiment. I do not deny that there have been pastors who . were unworthy of their sacred office and unfaithful to their sacred trust — pastors on whom the Lord Himself, bv the mouth of the Prophet, pro nounced a terrible woe— ' Woe to the shepherds of Israel that fed themselves ? You drank the milk, and you clothed yourselves with the wool, and you killed that which was fat, but My flock you did not feed. Behold I myself will come upon the shepherds and I will require My flock at their hands.' I do not deny that at times great abuses have arisen and grave scandals have occurred. I do not deny that there was a, Judas among the twelve, that _ there was an Arius at Alexandria, a Nestorius at Constantinople, a Donatus in Numidia, and a Cranmer at Canterbury. But take them all in all, during the long history of the Church, and say whether there has ever been another body of men who, for exalted virtue, for de votedness to duty, for untiring zeal in promot ing the general interests of mankind, can be compared with the Bishops of the Church of Christ. To recount the names of those prelates that were eminent for every virtue in a heroic degree would be to call the roll of the most illustrious saints on the calendar of the Church of God. Their zeal in the onerous duties of tending the flocks com mitted to their care is a matter of history and of every-day experience which extorts admiration even from their very enemies. Nor have they been less conspicuous in exposing themselves, to danger — to banishment, to loss of earthly goods, to imprisonment, aye, thank God, even to death itself — when the defence of their flocks required it. Who can count the number of those who are honoured in the calendar under the double title of Bishop and Martyr ? It is a well-known fact that for three hundred years the Bishops of Eome — from Peter to Sylvester— almost without an exception sealed their faith with their blood. And as it was at Eome so was it throughout the world. The first and most violent fury of the storm of persecution has ever fallen upon the Bishop. ' Strike the shepherd and the sheep shall be scattered,' has at all times been the motto of the persecutors of the Church. But all the rage of tyrants could not daunt their courage, all the tortures of the executioners could not render them unfaithful to their sacred trust. 'Know you not,' said Modestus, the Eoman Prefect, endeavouring to intimidate St. Basil, 'know you not that my power extends to sonfiscation of goods, to banishment, to torture, md to death ?' The reply of the intrepid bishop —which may be taken as an index of the spirit itiat animated the prelates of the ancient Church —deserves to be written in letters of gold — ' If,' said the saint, ' you can threaten me with any bhing more terrible, do so ; for none of the things you mention give me the least uneasiness. Where the cause of God and religion is at stake, we, Bishops, overlook everything, and regard God alone. Your fire, daggers, wild beasts, and burning pincers, in this cause, are our option a,nd delight. You may threaten ; you may tor ment ; but you cannot overcome us.' And we have only to recall the number of Bishops who in Europe at the present day are suffering, and prepared, to suffer, in the interests of the Church, confiscation, and banishment, and imprison ment — and should the sacrifice be needed even death itself — in order to be convinced that the pirit of Basil, of Athanasius, of Ambrose, of Chrysostom, of Thomas A'Beckett, of Oliver Plunkett, of O'Hurley, is still living and ener gizing in the pastors of the Catholic Church. Nor was it only for the spiritual interests of their people that the Bishops exerted their zeal. Everything that tended to the social advance ment and happiness of mankind found in the Catholic Bishop a promoter, a patron, a guardian. Is it not a matter of history that the exertions of the Catholic Bishops, collectively and individu ally, gradually prepared the way for the abolition of slavery? Does not every school-boy know that the great Palladum of English liberty— the great basis of the English Constitution — theMagna Charta — was wrested from the hands of a tyrant by Stephen Langton, the Catholic Archbishop' of Canterbury ? Speaking of the influence of Ca tholic Bishops on European civilization, the cele brated Protestant historian Guizot, after a careful survey of facts, has made this candid admission, that the kingdoms of Europe and their civiliza tion were mainly the work of Catholic Bishops. With regard to the advancement of learning it seems almost superfluous to say that Catholic Bishops were always among its foremost patrons and benefactors. And yet it is not only said, but often taken for granted, by a certain class of writers and speakers, that Catholic Bishops are afraid of learning and science, and that they are on principle opposed to intellectual pur suits. Eead many of the leading journals of the present time and see whether this is not the impression they endeavour to convey. But do these writers forget, or do they wilfully ignore the fact that before the Eeformation there were no less than sixty-six universities in Europe, each attended by thousands of students — some by ten, some by twenty, some by thirty, some by even as many as forty thousand students — and that every one of these sixty-six universities owes ita existence, not merely in part, but in a great ?mMi^ure to the influence and munificence of Catho lic 'Bishops ? ' Do they forget that even within the small territory of- the States of the Church, where episcopal influence was naturally para mount, there were no less than six flourishing universities ? To say nothing of the other great seats of learning that .flourished before the En formation, do they forget that Oxford owes, not only its 'existence, but its greatness, to Catholic Bishops P that of the . nineteen colleges of which it consists, fourteen were founded before the Eeformation, and that of these fourteen every one was either founded or richly endowed by Catholic Bishops ? that Mer ton College was founded by Walter da Merton, Bishop of Eochester ? that Brasenose was founded by William Smith, Bishop of Lincoln P that Mag dalen College, ' one of the noblest structures of the learned world,' waa founded by William. Patten, Bishop of Winchester ? that New College, and Corpus Chri3ti College were founded by two other Bishops of the same See ? that Exeter College was founded by Walter de Stapleton, Bishop of Exeter ; and that Christ Church College, the most famous, of them all, yra,& founded by the princely munificence of Wolsey ? In fact, in every country of Europe the names of Catholic Bishops have been indissolubly bound up with the advancement of learning. It is true, indeed, that they are opposed, and ever will be opposed, to that system of education, which does not recognize God, and which tends, directly or indirectly, to sap the foundations ot religion and morality. And neither threats nor slander, nor calumny, nor persecution will ever move the Hierarchy of the Church to adopt, to accept, or to approve a system of education which they believe to be dangerous to the spiritual and eternal interests of those committed to their care. But true education— education which re cognizes the spiritual nature of man, and his duties and obligations in the supernatural as well as in the natural order—education, which trains the intellect without neglecting the will and the affections— will ever find, as it ever has found, its warmest advocates and its staunchest supporters in those whose first duty is to teach the nations. In addressing an Australian audience it is quite unnecessary to refer to the virtues and labours of those whom the Holy Ghost has placed amongst us to rule the Church of God on these distant shores. Bishops in these colonies are ?brought into closer intercourse with their flocks than Bishops in other lands; and all know what manner of men they are. In journeying often, in perils of waters, in perils in the wilderness, in labour and j-ainfulness, in much watchings, besides those things which are without, their daily instance, the solicitude for all the churches. Who suffers and they do not suffer; who is scandalized and they are not on fire ? The ex ample' of their lives is for all who know them a burning and a shining light ; and have they not by their firmness and constancy already given proof that, where the cause of God and the interests of their flocks are at stake, neither calumny, nor slander, nor misrepresentation, nor threats, nor the wily machinations of statesmen, nor unjust laws, will ever make them swerve from their sacred duty, or render them unfaithful to their sacred trust ? And you especially, people of Bathurst, you know what manner of man was your late beloved Pastor, the first Bishop _ of this See, whose hallowed remains repose here in our midst. His constant labours, his great piety, his fervent charity, his watchfulness over his flock, his solici tude for your spiritual and temporal welfare, his enthusiastic zeal in the interests of education, ass is testified by the vast number of schools, and especially by the flourishing higher educational establishments he has left behind him — all these, his virtues, will mate nis memory long uvb ijj. benediction among you, his children, his joy, and his crown. And when he was taken from amongst you to receive the well-merited reward of his virtues and his labours, your sorrow at losing him was deep, heartfelt, intense — as was the sorrow of all who shared his friendship. But, brethren, you have to-day one grand con solation to compensate you for the loss you have sustained, and that is that the mantle of the illustrious Bishop his fallen on a worthy successor — a successor after his own heart, a successor trained by himself and formed by his counsel and example, a successor, too, for whose appointment to this diocese you have, I make no doubt, earnestly and fervently prayed. It would ill become me, to-day, to obtrude my own private feelings or sentiments on this august assemblage ; but as one who for years ha3 lived with the newly-consecrated Bishop, who had every opportunity of knowing his character, who owes much to his wise counsel and to the example of his virtues, and who (why should I not say it?) has enjoyed the pleasure of his intimate friendship, I cannot refrain from offering to you, people of Bathurst, my most sincere and heart felt congratulations that your sorrow has to-day been turned into joy in getting such a worthy successor to your late venerated ' and beloved Bishop; and I congratulate you; too, my Lord, on your having such a faithful and devoted people for your flock. I congratulate the good priests of this, diocese that one of themselves— their brother priest and fellow-labourer— one whose worth'and virtue and ability they know and appreciate— has been found worthy to rule over them. I respectfully congratulate the Most Eeverend the Bishops of this province on receiving among their number one whose prudence, counsel, and experience will aid them, not a little, in the government of this new Church of Australia. And, in con clusion, I ask all to unite in prayer, that he who here to-day has received the full plenitude of the priesthood— the power and authority of the pastoral office of Christ— may always receive the strength and grace necessary to enable him to discharge well and faithfully his onerous duties ; so that when he, in his turn, shall have to resign his staff of office to other hands, he may receive as his reward, from the Prince of Pastors, a never fading crown of glory. After the solemnities in tho Cathedral, his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Byrne entertained the prelates and clergy at dinner, his Lordship havin°- on his right and left the Bishops of Mait land, Goulburn, and Armidale, aud the clerical dignitaries belonging to the other Dioceses. Several toasts appropriate to the occasion were proposed in felicitous longuage, tho right rev. ; chairman appearing in a singularly happy mood, i The dining-hall was festively decorated, and the ; appearance of the tables with the fruits and ? flowers, was in harmony with the picturesque l Surroundings. Congratulations and good wishes , were tendered to his Lordship of Bathurst by all \ the company, and the toast of his health -was re : ceived. right heartily and honoured with most good-natured enthusiasm/ THE PRESENTATIONS. Four . o'clock was fixed for the presentation ceremony, and when the prelates and clergy entered the sanctuary to take their places the Cathedral was completely filled. His Lordship Dr. Byrne having taken his place at the throne, Mr. F. B. Kenny approached and read the address of the laity. Mr. W. G. Stephens and Mr. John Meagher, J.P., assisted at the formal presentation of the address, which was in illuminated form, richly framed, and Mr. James Kelaher then, kneeling at the throne, begged his Lordship's acceptance of an embroidered purse containing seven hundred and thirty-six sove reigns. Mr. Kelaher mentioned that the offering would have been much larger but for the fact that the Catholics in several of the country districts had expressed their intention of presenting their own congratulatory gifts and testimonials when his Lordship visited them. Mr. Warden O'Keeffe, on behalf of the A.H.C. Guild, Bathurst, followed with the Guild address, and then Brother Ignatius read and presented an address on behalf of the Brothers of St. Patrick. All three addresses were artistically executed, and each had a gilt frame. ADDBESS OF CONGRATULATION TO THE RIGHT REVEREND M0N6IGN0R BYRNE, D.D., BISHOP OP BATHURST, PROM THE LAITY OP THE DIOCESE. May it please, your -Lordship, — The Catholic Laity of the Diocese of Bathurst, among whom you have laboured for the past twenty years, and whoso love and gratitude you have won by the inestimable benefits they have received from your ministrations, and by the confidence inspired by your unremitting solicitude for their welfare, beg to tender to your Lordship their heartfelt congra tulations on your entering on the dignities of the Episcopate. They also rejoice greatly in the thought, that in the past you were the tried and trusted sup porter of our late beloved Pastoi', and from this they augur that, with Divine assistance, your rule will result in the still further advancement of the cause of our Holy Eeligion, and that the links of love and veneration which now bind your flock to you, will be drawn even closer in the future. . It is with great pleasure they take this oppor tunity of conveying to your Lordship, that they feel drawn most closely to the Holy See by the action of the Sovereign Pontiff, in appointing you , to succeed the illustrious founder of this Diocese, . and they would add, moreover, that all classes have joined cordially in expressions of satisfaction that the charge of the Diocese of Bathurst has been conferred on you. In conclusion, they respectfully ask your Lord ship to accept the accompanying purse of sove reigns as a slight tribute of devotion to your psrson, and as an evidence of their desire to lighten, as far as in them lies, the weight of your many responsibilities. , Eepeating their congratulation, and humbly asking your blessing, the members of your flock wish you a heartfelt 'God speed' in the high career now opening before you. Signed on behalf of the Laity of the Diocese of , Bathurst. John Meagher, J.i?., James Fitzpatrick, ' William . G. Stephens, George Cunningham, M. Guerin, E. H. Parker; .J. E. Kelaher Hon Treasurer ; F. B. Kenny, Hon. Secre tary.' ?'.,'??'?.?? - - ? the a.h.c. guild. , ' May it please your Lordship,— We, the mem bers of the Bathurst Branch of the Australasian Holy Catholic Guild of Mary Immaculate, with feelings of great reverence arid affection ap proach your Lordship on the day of your Con secration, and tender you this expression of our heartfelt satisfaction at your appointment as our ? Bishop. We, thought it fitting that we should in this way let your Lordship know that we, as a Confraternity, are sensible of the great services you have rendered us in time past as our Very Beverend and beloved Chaplain ; and that we are only consoled for the loss of your invaluable ministrations in that office by the reflection that we shall now be able to look up to and revere you as our bishop and patron. We hope still to have from time to time, as occasion arises in spiritual and in other important matters, the boon of your Lordship's counsel and wise guidance. That your Lordship may be spared in God's mercy for many, many years to fill the high office to which you have been, called, and begging your blessing, we ,are your Lordship's dutiful children, (signed) on behalf of the members, W. O'Keefe, Warden ; J. Kelaher, Bursar ; T. J. Eather, Secretary. THE BROTHERS OP ST. PATRICK. Eight Eey. and Most Dear Lord, — May it please your Lordship— your elevation to the Episcopacy has been to the Brothers of St. Patrick a source of much gratification. Eight heartily do we con gratulate your Lordship. Whether we look to ourselves, to your happy flock, or to your Lord ship, we find ample cause for mutual joy. Your gentleness arid kindness towards us since our arrival in Bathurst, and your fatherly solicitude for. our comfort in our new home, have been the initial, though perhaps, selfish motive for corigra , tulation. If we lopk for the result of your ap pointment to your flock, we see much cause for congratulating the thousands and tens of thou sands of our fellow-countrymen and their descen , dants in this diocese. They are still to be watched over by a bishop of their own race, by a bishop, who, how exalted soever above^them, while that Celtic tide, warms the .heart within, must have feelings kindred to theirs ; by a bishop eminently qualified to create, foster, and mature that union of priests and people which is the source of so many blessings to Catholic Ireland. When we turn round, my Lord, and fix our attention on your sacred person, and fancy we can for the moment detect in your looks some secret mis givings, arising on the one hand from the awful responsibilities now resting on you, or resulting on the other hand from the poor gauge your humility, weighing itself in the scales of the sanctuary, must have taken of its worthiness and ability to fill so exalted an office ; have we not, my Lord, more than sufficient to turn the balance in your favour^,' and to restore reassurance to that countenance which is wont to look so cheerful ? Are you not the idol of your devoted flock ? Are you not, my Lord, the captain of a veteran corps of enlightened clergy ? What victories in religious warfare may yoii not hope from their zeal and experience ? Have you not Brothers an.d,_Sisters to second your efforts in training up the future hope of your flock ? Is there not a noble band of students in St. Charles' Seminary preparing themselves to fill the place of the worn out, or to break new soil in your Lordship's vineyard ? And whatever misgivings your Lordship may entertain with regard to your ability to discharge your sacred functions, your clergy and your flock can have none in the appointment of our Holy Father, who in the distributions of his offices is biassed by no earthly influence. We are assured that the same divine dispensation which has made you the vicegerent of the Vicar of Christ in this portion of God's Church has confided the brothers to your special1 charge. Mindful of this, like the ivy clinging to the ancient towers of our native land, we shall ever lean on your Lordship, as our tower of strength. That the affections of your flock may continue to grow more and more wedded to your Lordship, that the great Model of shepherds may mould you after His own divine heart, and that you may not only be able to bring to maturity and maintain the foundations of your saintly predecessor ; but that you may live to see all your undertakings bear fruit a hundred fold, is the earnest prayer of the Brothers of St. Patrick. BISHOP BYRNE'S REPLY. His Lordship then left the throne, and from the pulpit addressed all assembled : — My dear, faithful people of Bathurst, — I have not had the time to prepare a written reply to your beautiful addresses. But if you will allow me I win reply to you in the abundance of my my heart, and express my grateful acknowledg ments of your great kindness, imperfect and in adequate as they are, in the simple language I have been wont to use amongst jou. And how ever much these few words of mine may lack in force, in eloquence, or in conciseness by reason of not being put into writing, they will be accept _ able all the more to you, I am sure, for their earnestness and simplicity. Let me, then, thank you with all my heart for the sentiments of affec tion and respect expressed in the addresses you have been so good as to present to me ; and let me thank you with all my best thanks for your most generous gift. You have been good enough to allude to my humble labours during the years which I have been permitted to spend in your midst. These poor labours and services you have with characteristic generosity exaggerated in your addresses. It is true I have endeavoured to labour amongst you to the best of my ability, but although striving to do my best always, it has ever been a matter of deep regret to me to think that I was perhaps standing in the way of some one who would have laboured more successfully — of some one who would have been able to do more for the glory of God than I have been doing. But I found strength at all times in the love and kindness' you have manifested in my regard, and it needed not the addresses and the splendid gift of to-day to assure me that I had your confidence and your sympathy. Yet I am, my dear people, ^deeply affected by your warm expressions of attachment and affection, and I need not tell you that all these feelings are cordially and heartily returned by me. You are my chosen people and my well-beloved flock, and I love you with all the love of my heart. After all the kindnesses ex tending over so many years you to-day present me with an address and a testimonial. I am as sured that those presentations were prompted first of all by the warm affection you enter tained towards me as one of your priests, and in the next place your generosity has been in spired by that strong Catholic faith and sentiment which manifests itself in devotion to the Bishops of your Church. I cannot believe that all this honour is for me. It is on account of the high offiee — unworthy as I am to fill it, but to which it has pleased God to have me raised — that you have approached me to-day with your addresses, and have offered me the princely gift I have ac cepted from your hands. I would have wished, had it so pleased my Divine Master, to continue to . labour amongst you as I have hitherto done as an humble priest. For I have ever regarded it as an honour too high for me to be permitted to be a humble priest and lowly servant of God. But as you know it, has pleased Divine Providence to order it otherwise. I have been commissioned by the venerated and saintly Vicar of Christ to come amongst you now as the pastor and the bishop of your souls, and you have received me in my new office with all possible honour, assembling here in your hundreds and thousands to present your testimonials and pledges of respect and reverence and deep affection to your Bishop. My dear people, I may tell you that far from hoping for the great distinction that has been conferred upon me, I have always dreaded the thotight, and even lately when my elevation to the episcopate was suggested to me I could not bring myself to think that I should be called to fill the place of our late beloved father and bishop. Conscious of my unworthiness, I dreaded the charge, and no wonder I should, for the angels might tremble to accept such a charge with the obligations and responsibilities involved. But when the command came I found consolation and hope in our Blessed Saviour, for I remembered that when our Blessed Lord sought his Apostles, those who were to be always near Him, and to whom His divine power was to be given, He did not go into the palaces of the Caesars or into the halls of Athens, but to despised Galilee. Our Savour, as the Scripture tells us, went to the inland lakes of Galilee and there found a few poor fishermen, and these He selected as His Apostles ; choosing the weak and foolish to confound the strong and the wise, so that no human power should glory over the power of God. Our Divine Saviour gave these poor men His own power and sent them forth with the standard of the cross to conquer the world in His name and by His word. As it was of old, so it is now; so it is that Almighty God raises me from the duat of the earth and places me , amongst the princes of His people. I know my great unworthiness, but God knows my un worthine3S, too ; I am conscious of all my short comings, but God knows these failings of mine too, and I am confident and hopeful beoause I know that He who has chosen me for this exalted office will not fail to strengthen me by His divine grace, bo that I may be enabled to do some little work in His service and for His glory. At first, as I have told you, I regarded this step I was about to take with fear and trembling, for I feared the task before me, and trembled at the grave responsibilities ; but I put my trust then in' God, and in Him I now repose. Yes, with my faith in God, and under the protection of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, I and with the Sacred Heart of . Jesus as my shield, I will go forth to do the work that lies before me in this vast diocese, and aided by your devoted priests I hope to continue the mis sion and the labours of my illustrious predecessor. Notwithstanding my first fear of my strength to bear the heavy weight of care cast upon me, my heart is now filled with joy, for I cannot help re joicing if for no other reason than that, as you state in your address, my appointment has been the means of drawing closer the bonds of affection already existing between you and the venerated Vicar of Christ, whom you declare to have given you the bishop of your own choice. It will.be very consoling, indeed, to me if my election will tend to make you love the Holy Father more. I thank God for all this, and there is yet another thing that affords me much gratification, and it is this : when the Vicar of Christ selected me to succeed yoxir late revered Bishop to carry on the work of this diocese, the Holy Father by this act set the seal of his high approval of the labours and the zeal of my lamented predecessor. I was associated with the late Bishop in the administration of his diocese, and this was known to the Holy Father. Therefore I regard my appointment not so much in the light of a personal distinction as an authoritative approval of the late adminis tration. It is my intention to continue the work niy predecessor began, and it is no new work to me. I am not called upon as your late Bishop was to form a new Diocese, and my task is easier. He was the great architect. He conceived the plans and put them into execution, laying the foundations firmly and broadly, and it remains for me only to carry on to final comple tion the institutions founded by his beneficence, his wisdom, and his piety. All the plans of my predecessor are known to me, and I see around me on every side the deep and solid foundations laid by his hand, so that after all my duty is simply to build the superstructure on what Dr. Quinn so well commenced, and to carry on those works which owe their inception to him as far as time and my ability will admit. The great services rendered to religion and edu cation by my predecessor were in the direction of building churches, schools, and colleges ; churches where the Holy Sacrifice was to be offered, and schools in which the young would be taught to love God. Your late bishop laboured also to establish confraternities and other religious associations throughout the diocese, and by this means he strengthened the faith and increased the devotion of the people under his care. At the present time there are nearly two hundred Sisters working for the salvation of the little ones and thus aiding the cause of Christian progress. Be sides the Sisters, we have now in Bathurst, thanks to Dr. Quinn, the good Brothers of St. Patrick, and they too in time will be spread abroad in the diocese. I heartily hope to continue these various works if God gives me strength and grace, and I am consoled beyond human expression in having at the very commencement of my pastoral duties the assurance that I shall receive your whole-hearted co-operation. . That you will be always ready and willing to aid me in any undertaking I put my hand to, I know well, and your generous offering to-day augurs well for the liberality and sympathy I hope to receive when the growing, necessities and necessary demands of the diocese call for the exercise on your part of noble self-sacrifice and large charity in the interest of God and His Church. The princely gift you have presented to me, I accept most gratefully, and not, it is I think unnecessary to tell you, because I prize the money for its own sake. I prize it for the good I can do with it, and believe me I shall loo'k forward with no ordinary pleasure to the time when I shall have the happiness of spending , this money for your own benefit. I have not decided yet in what manner I shall spend it, nor to what particular use I shall put it ; but you may depend upon one thing — the money will be spent for yotir use entirely. It is probable I may avail myself of your generosity to clear off the debt which remains on some of your institu tions, or I may use the money to form a fund for carrying on diocesan work yet to be done. My venerated predecessor has set me an example it will be my great desire to copy. My noble-hearted and generous predecessor died, as you are aware, poor, when he might: in the ordinary course of events have died rich. During the nineteen years he ruled the diocese large sums came into his possession, but he thought the noblest aim of man was to do God's work on earth, and he gave everything for the advancement of religion and the spread of education. As fast as the money came to him he spent it on good works: such confidence had he in the faith and genero sity of his flock that he drew on the bank in antici pation when his f unds were exhausted; knowing that his people would never fail and leave him in difficulties. It was thus by giving all to God he, good holy man, died poor. I hope I shall be able to follow my predecessor, and nothing will give me greater pleasure than spending the money you have presented for your good, for your chil dren, and for the diocese. What need is there for me to amass money when you, my devoted people, are so good and so generous ; and while I have your affection why shoiild I fear anything ? Indeed I would not for any considerationforego the pleasure of helping in charitable works and aiding the poor. You will help me, I am sure, in building up schools . and churches, and all other material edifices ; but - you must also help me to build and care the more precious spiritual temples, f which last for ever. Let me help you to save j our souls, for you are the living temple of the Holy Ghost, and the, spirit of God dwells within you ; and if you do this you will give me the greatest happiness I desire. You can do this by continuing the pious practices you have been accustomed to, and by frequenting the Holy, Sacraments. A bishop has the charge of , the souls of his flock, ; and my prayer is that I may hand you back to God with the sigh of salvation on you. Give me this con solation. Let me save your souls, so that you may be my joy and comfort here and my glory hereafter. You have asked me for my bless ing. I am privileged by; the Holy Father, as you know, to ' impart the Papal Benediction with the plenary indulgence attached, and as this is a most fitting occasion for so doing, I will now, if you kneel down, give you this blessing with all the fervour and the love of my heart. ' The whole congregation then knelt reverently, nd amidst a beautifully solemn scene the Bishop ronounce'd the benediction. ; ???.[' '.^ ''?]''?? , No sooner had. his Lordship descended /front, the pulpit, than he was. compelled to/give. his it/ven tion to those who were pressing forward t ?». , ay the .. customary tribute of respect, accdrdii! to Catholic custom, by kissing the episcopal ring'. '- ? is Lordship passed'tip and down the front of the sanctuary bestowing his blessing and giving' his hand kindly to each and everyone, and he was not allowed to retire to the sacristy till every soiil in the large congregation had reverently approached him. The ceremony was simplicity itself, yet it was, perhaps, more affecting and emotional for this very reason than the sacred and stately rite of the Consecration. Even after the congregation had paid their respects to their Bishop, his Lord ship was surrounded by groups of friends, lay and clerical, and the motto of the /day, 'ad. multos anrios,' appeared to be in.the hearts of all as well as on their lips. / : ,,',. . PONTIFICAL VESPERS. , - The brilliancy of the aitar illuminations in the evening added a new feature of. interest. The church was, filled and the sanctuary was qccujried by the prelates and priests who had assisted at the consecration , ceremonies. The Eight Eev. the Bishop of Bai^hurst, in cope arid mitre, presided at the throne, their Lordships of Maitland and Armidale and Goulburn having their places on the opposite side of the sanctuary '.: The Vener able Arehpriest Sheehy was the Assistant Priest, the Very Eev. Dr. M/Auliffe andthe Eev.: Joseph Horan the deacons of the- throne, and Father Dwyer the master of ceremonies. After Vespers his Lordship the Eight Eev. Dr. Murray ascended the pulpit. bishop Murray's address.. ? His Lordship gave the following text— 'You have not chosen me: I have chosen you that you may go and bring forth fruit, and the fruit shall remain ;' and, addressing the right rev. prelates and fathers assembled, and the congregation, said : It is not, my dear brethren, without some feelings of emotion that I come before you this even ing, for after the beautiful ceremonies which you all witnessed this morning with so much interest and so much delight, I am sure you are not dis posed to listen to. any wordsof mine. Iwouldnot wish to distract you from the one great obj ect which naturally occupies your thoughts on this happy oc casion; yet Iventure to address you briefly to-night because I believe you will allow that I have by reason of certain associations a privilege to take a special .part in connection with this event we are all celebrating with so much gladness and thankfulness. The ceremony at which we have all assisted has taken my. mind back to the memorable day when, your late venerated Bishop, Dr. Quinn, and I were consecrated before the same altar in Dublin. The twentieth anniversary of that, day will soon come round again, and this time with sorrow and pain. As you know, in the ways of Providence,— though in the course of human affairs, it had seemed probable it would be otherwise— it has pleased Almighty God to take to Himself your late beloved Bishop, while I having survived him .have had the privilege and the. consolation of consecrating his . worthy successor in this Cathedral. When I look back, and when I ask you to look back through allthose . twenty years your late Bishop passed amongst you, and when -we reflect upon the thoughts and feelings which these considerations necessarily inspire, you will, T am sure, think with me and say with me how unsearchable are the ways of Providence, and how inscrutable are His judg ments. During the long and historic period to which I refer, great institutions have sprung up in Bathurst and in the surrounding district, and indeed, it may be said that there has been a wonderful growth of these institutions of religion and education and charity throughout the whole of this extensive diocese. Often have I heard your venerated Bishop, who has been called to his reward, expressing his joy and exultation at the progress of religion in this portion of the vineyard of the Lord. Often did I hear hirii speak with fatherly pride of the fervour and strength of the faith of the Catholic people of the1 city and dis trict of Bathurst, and to me it seems that your late pastor might well, in the words of St. Paul, have pronounced the praises of his flock, for indeed the faith and the piety of the Catholics of this diocese are spoken of with rever ence and admiration not only in the colonies, but throughout the world. And now that I have' commenced to speak, I feel it is completely out of my power to address you , in language worthy of 'the occasion, or even in words expressive of my own personal feelings ; yet I must say that I appear before you at the request of your venerated Bishop and my most esteemed friend, Dr. Byrne. My sentiments on this great day of your Bishop's consecration are', I am sure, the same as your own. Lately, when T have looked back to the sor rowful day last January when I lost my dear friend, and your beloved chief pastor was taken from amongst you, I must confess that I could scarcely repress a certain feeling of deep sadness, yet that feeling has been changed to-day to one of joy, for the empty place is now filled, and you have for your Bishop, for the pastor and shepherd of your souls, a worthy successor to the bishop you mourned, and one who will walk in the footsteps of his predecessor'. It is not needed for me to tell you, for' you all know it, that your newly consecrated Bishop has had for the past nineteen years a large and. active share in the ad ministration of this important diocese, nor should I add that he is perfectly conversant with all its wants. This is a great qualification, and we all know, too, that ha enjoys the esteem, and the confidence, and the affection of the priests, and of the Brothers, and of the religious communities of the Sisters of Mercy and other nuns who are to be found insuchriumbers throughout the diocese. All this love arid veneration he hns merited, and with .regard to his intimate relationship with his vener able predecessor, I will be saying only what you know of your own exoerierice when I state that while labouring amongst you f oi* so very many years and excepting some tour or five years which he spent in my own diocese of Maitland, Dr. Byrne was your late Bishop's trusted counsellor, his faithful support, always earnest, laborious and prudent in the performance of his duties as secretary and Vicar-General. And now what shall I say to yquyouL'selves — you who have known your new bishop so long and so well— you before whoso, eyes he has parsed the3y twenty years, and to whom his daily actions are familiar ? It must be to you a day- of great joy, and it will be your duty as it will be the duty of tho clergy and the religious orders not only to. entertain towards your bishop the same warm feelings of personal attachment jdu have all along mani fested in his regard, but to pay to his episcopal office all possible respect, obedience, and venera tion. God has given greab power to the bishops of the Catholic Church ; but, as it is expressed, in one of the beautiful prayers which we three pre lates recited this morning, this power is given not for destruction but for edification — not for pulling down, but for building up in bhe service of God. It has been your blessing and your good for tune to Xiave had granted to you '. the Holy See the worthy prelate you all desi ? The respected clergy of this Diocese were i i anxious to have him as their chief, and the ahops of the Pro vince were unanimous in end . otiring to secxire his appointment ; therefore,' appeared to be the will of God that he should reign as your Bishop. Now, I say, if it be the will of God that he should govern and direct you in the ways of salvation as your chief pastor, it will be your duty, you will be bound, priests and people, to aid and co-operate with him in every way so as to enable him to exercise his power and influence for the benefit of his whole flock. Vested with higher authority, and charged with greater responsibilities, the clergy and the laity are bound now to hear his voice, and to obey it, for to a Bishop of the Church, the sacred words specially apply, 'He that heareth you heareth me ; he that despiseth you despiseth me/' It may occur to some of you that this advice of mine is not required. Why do I mention the necessity of this obedience and respect for authority P Is it because I have in my mind the smallest suspicion of your loyalty or that I entertain a single doubt that yoii would manifest at any time other than a true and perf ect spirit of reverence and devotedness to the Bishop you all. love and revere! Is it that I fear the clergy will not yield a ready and full obedience? No, these are not ray reasons. That you are de lighted, and that your feelings are cor dially shared by all the clergy and all the religious communities, in having as your Pastor the Bishop who presides on that throne with such dignity this evening ; this I know well. What I have said I have said in no spirit of fear or censure. 1 have rather mentioned this matter of duty in order to show what great and gi-atifying results are sure to follow when the Bishop labours for his flock with confidence, reliance and courage, and when the priests and the people united join and co-operate with their Bishop aiding him generously and sincerely in all his works and undertakings' for the advancement of the Church and the good of religion. Your pastor has been chosen by God for you. 'You have not chosen me : I have chosen yon, that you may go and bring forth fruit, and the fruit shall remain/' This is an occasion on which you should enter into a retrospect of what has already been ac complished by the unity of bishops, priests,; and people. When I look back I see the great fruits gained during the last 19 years. Most of you can remember the time all State aid was withdrawn from religion more than 20 years backhand you know how a few years ago all Government aid to denominational schools was : abolished. You all know how your late Bishop with his wisdom, his zeal, and his courage, set himself to the task of providing for the religious and educational wants of his diocese, and you know how with your encouragement and generous aid he accomplished his aims. Your departed bishop sacrificed himself and his life to his zeal for God's service, and the spread of education, but he left a nourishing diocese with every provision for a good Catholic, Christian education, for the rising portion of the flock he had so affectionately tended. I was greatly touched by the, beautiful, reply' of his Lordship Dr. Byrne in receiving the addresses and gifts this afternoon, and I was struck by the very cheering remark that there were at the present time two hundred re ligious nuns engaged in the work of Catholic education in the diocese. What a blessing is , this for you, good people of Bathurst, and for the rising generation. I understand the signi ficance of such a statement, for I know what the existence of this element in a Catholic community means. In my own diocese : of Maitland I have been able to watch the work of these devoted Sisters and to estimate the results of their labours in the schools, and when I heard to-day that you had so many of these holy women arid these admirable teachers amongst you I lost all fear of the faith becoming weakened in the young and felt a conviction that religion would continue to prosper in your diocese. With these consoling surroundings on his consecration day, I have great and bright hopes regarding the advancement of religion and education under the administration of the second Bishop of Bathurst. Here in Bathurst you have your, convents, colleges, and schools, your ecclesiastical seminary, and far and wide throughout the diocese are scattered communities of Sisters instructing the young. :: , According to the returns lately published I see there are nearly 4000 Catholic children re ceiving a thoroughly Catholic education, and what is of more importance, there is an immediate pro spect of these schools being established through out the length and breadth of the whole diocese. You have your clergy all anxious and desirous to co-operate with his Lordship. You yourselves have made generous and noble sacrifices in the cause of education, and it is not probable or pos sible you will be wanting now. And this consi deration leads me back to a memorable day, now more than 18 years ago, when at the invitation of your late Bishop I came to Bathurst, and was honoured by being permitted to lay the foundation stone of your convent. On that occasion, as I distinctly remember, nearly ^64000 was laid on the stone, and how many thousands more you have given in your great liberality and piety since that day I. cannot attempt to calculate. But this I can say, that all of you, both priests and people, have made great sacrifices, and the testimony of this is to be found in the ever in creasing number of your institutions. Your gene rosity and devotedness are known far and wide, and with one of your , own beloved priests now over you as your bishop, I know this same spirit will be preserved, and if the .circumstances de mand it will be increased arid intensified. As the ' . : qviestion of public education is one of the greatest ? ;'im'pQrtance, and one affecting the Church and her 'children vitally, you will allow me to make one or two brief allusions. Beading the latest report is sued by ! the Minister of Public Instruction I saw that according to the official statistics ^6774^000 or a little more had been expended in!1884 on the Public schools of the colony. It is for me impos sible to say what amount the Catholics of Bathurst have spent in a similar way during the same period, but I know it must be very small compared to this enormous outlay on the part of the Go vernment. The amount of the expenditure is striking, but there is another remarkable thing, and it is that while the Government education cost more than £8 per head, the cost of the education in Bathurst was, exclusive of the cost of buildings, about £1 4s per head. That is the calculation we made in the diocese of Maitland, and as the Catholic system is the same as the one in Bathurst, there cannot be very much difference in the cost. Thus it will be seen, that though all manner of State aid has been taken from us, we are able to educate our children quite as well a.nd very much cheaper than the Government can educate the children in the State schools. It must be within your recollection that one of the reasons alleged for the change in the education system which resulted in the aboli tion of the Denominational schools was that the expense to the State would be diminished if all the children attended the same class of schools, and if the teachers paid no attention to religion of any kind. This was the plea, but how far wrong the calculations were every one has seeu, for instead of being cheaper and more successful it has turned out that they are quite the reverse. These facts deserve your most earnest attention, and this is my apology for introducing them. Moreover, the Catholic body, headed by their bishops and clergy, have built, conducted, and maintained their own schools without any extra ordinary tax or difficulty. Amongst the bishops who have been most zealous in this work of education, none was more prominent than your late bishop, who on each of his visits to Ireland, as you must all remember, brought out large rein forcements of priests and nuns to carry on the work of religion and education. I had not in tended, on conimencing, to detain you more than a few moments, and now I find I have kept you already too long. However, before going down from this pulpit I wish to offer you and to offer the venerated clergy of the diocese my sincere congratulations on the appointment of your bishop. As for you, my Lord Bishop of Bathurst, I desire to wish yoii every joy, and to hope that every prosperity and success may attend you in your administration. I know how anxious you are to carry on the mission of yotir saintly prede cessor, to imitate his example, and to follow in his footsteps. That you will have the he?*rty and loyal co-operation of your faithful priests and people in all things and at all times, I am con fident, and their prayer will be mine, that when in years and honours you pass from this life of labour, trial, and sacrifice, to render an account to your Blaster of your stewardship, you will be found at the Judgment seat of God worthy to re ceive a never-fading crown of glory. THE CLERICAL PRESENTATION. ; Taking advantage of the presence of the clergy, his Lordship Dr. Byrne arranged that a meeting should take place in St. Charles' Ecclesiastical Seminary at 11 o'clock on Monday, for the twofold purpose of discussing several matters of importance, and of making arrangements for the approaching National Synod in Sydney. By the vote of the clergy, twenty-two of whom were asseinbed, the Rev. L. Bolger, of Cobar, was appointed to represent the diocesan clergy at the Synod. When the business of the meeting was finished, the Very Rev. Dr. M'Auliffe, on behalf of the priests, presented an address in album form, elegantly bound and illuminated. The address, the text of which we give, was signed by all the priests : — THE ADDRESS FKOM THE CLEKGT. We, the priests of the Diocese of Bathurst, esteem our privilege a happy one to be able to meet your Lordship to-day as our Bishop, and we desire to place on record our entire satisfaction in your appointment to the. diocese of Bathurst. We have known you for many years. You have been our fellow-labourer in the Lord's vineyard ; you have, with the oldest amongst us, borne the heat and burthen of the day, and now your labours as well as your talents and virtues are to meet with due recognition by your appoint ment to rule over this important diocese. We have seen you fulfil a most difficult and respon sible position, the trusted adviser of our late lamented Bishop, and for a time the administrator of his extensive diocese. Justice requires of us to state, and we are proud to be able to record it, that you have discharged these duties justly, con siderate! y, and with marked ability. We know well how highly our late beloved Bishop valued your services, and how it was the desire of his heart to have you appointed his successor. Would that he had seen what we now see ; would that his last moments were cheered with the knowledge that his mitre would rest on the brow of the man whom he had desired to carry on his great works. But we have still greater reason to rejoice at you Lordship's appointment. We look upon it as a compliment paid by the Holy Father, not only to the priests of the diocese, but to the Church, in Australia. The Holy See has considered — and the admission is one which fills every priest with honest pride — that there are priests in Australia and in a scatterad diocese like ours who are in every way qualified to ful fil the high and holy office to which you have been called. Need we speak of that practical knowledge of the difficulties with which religion is here beset, the knowledge of which is so neces sary for a Bishop in these colonies ? Your Lordship brings to the discharge of your duties a cultivated mind, a generous and noble spirit, a warm Irish heart, an experience of twenty years of the people whose spiritual Father you now are, and what is not to be despised, the good will of all classes and creeds, and the affection of priests and people. May you long live to ruleover us ; may the bright felicitations which greet you everywhere, and which are but the expressions of a people's love, accompany you through life ; 'arid -may they with our poor prayers and best wishes contribute to make your reign a prosperous and happy one. Dr. Byrne regretted that pressure of business had prevented him from preparing a fitting reply to the kind and affectionate address the clergy had drawn tip. He felt deeply grateful for all the kind sentiments expressed. He hardly know how to thank them for their genuine and fervent pro fession of affectionate attachment. He knew he should- have the cordial co-operation of all the clergy of the diocese, and this was one of the prime motives which induced him to accept the charge imposed upon him. No one knew better than he the devotion of the priests of the diocese of Bathurst to God and their work ; it was this knowledge that made him certain of their true and loyal support. It was an unspeakable conso lation for a bishop to feel and to know that he enjoyed the affections of his priests as one; and having regard for what had been done already by a good bishop and a faithful clergy in' the diocese, it was almost impossible to picture what more might be done by this unity and mutual confidence. It would be his most earnest endeavour to strive to maintain the same spirit of charity and love, and he would promise to have a fatherly regard for each and every one of his priests. Their late beloved bishop dedicated his parish, his works, and his diocese to the Sacred Heart, and it was his (Dr. Byrne's) intention to renew this holy dedication. Under God's blessing he would dedicate and con secrate again himself and his works and his priests to Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, and the Most Ador able Heart of Our Lord. In seeking a motto for his episcopal crest, the first that suggested itself to him as appropriate was his family motto, ' Oertavi et vici' (Ihavefoughtand conquered), but as a pledge to them of his desire for universal and all- embracing charity he had, by adopting the words of St. Augustine, substituted another motto, '' Omnibus charitas' (charity for all). It was simply a matter of impossibility for a bishop to do his duty without his priests, but when priests and people were united and devoted to their faith, as happily in this diocese and both clergy and laity bound, in affection to their bishop, what thing in the ways of God was impossible of accomplishment ? In return for their goodwill and generosity to wards him he would promise them that he would deny himself everything for their sake. He would save nothing in worldly goods, and it would-be the greatest pleasure of his life to spend all they gave him to the last penny for the good of religion and education. His ambition was to follow his predecessor in the manner of his life, and he hoped to die as he had died — poor. His policy would not be one of pulling down, but of continuing and perfecting the admirable works of the late bishop ; and the principles which were the characteristics of Dr. Quinn's life he (Dr. Byrne) would now in reverence adopt as his own. The clergy had already shown him more kindness, and consideration, and reverence than he had expected, notwithstanding that lie was convinced from the first that they would yield a ready and generous obedience. Both in their address and in their private congratulations they had ex pressed all that kind words and good hearts could express, and with the new administration com mencing under such favourable and happy cir cumstances — bishop, priests, and people being all bound in the one common tie of affection and regard, and all having the one object in view — there was no extravagance, he ventured to think, in predicting a bright new era of prosperity for the Church in that diocese. The Bishop's remarks were received with gene ral favour, and at the conclusion his Lordship was cheered. On Monday afternoon the pupils of the Brothers' school presented an address, and on the following day the students of St. Stanislaus' College and the ecclesiastical students of St. Charles' Seminary also presented addresses. The prelates and visiting clergy -were most hospitably entertained by Dr. Byrne during their stay. The clergy from the other dioceses left on Monday, and their Lordshijjs of Maitland, Goulburn, and Armidale took their departure on Tuesday. 