S . Playing at Ghosts. cxitupot a time some boys boarded with a teacher, in Scotland, whose house was not far from a country churchyard. T'hey determined to alarm the old grave \--digger, who was in the habit of reach ing his cottage, often late at night, by a short cut through the burying grolnd. One boy, ~ was specially mischiev ous, and had'o en teased old Andrew, dressed himself up in an old sheet, and wvnile his companions were to lie flat up. ,on.tbe graves, moaning, when the old man approached, "Bully Warren," as he?qias called, was to rise up slowly be hiid a head-stone, and finally to stand -on its top, with his long drapery falling ..~gi p on?every side,"so as to give great height and dignity to his person. After waiting pat entry, but not with out some anxty arid fear for Andrew, hi was at lash neet approaching the eifiorial stone behind *hich Warren :-Was.ensconced. Soon a number of low inoant were heard cbming from among the graves. '(Keep us a' " exclaimed Andrew, "What's that?" And as he approached slowly and cautiously toward the tombstone, a white figure arose, qnd got taller and taller before his eyes. .:?Vhat's this ?" asked Andrew, with c?a.oice which seemed to tremble with fear, although if any one had seen how -he;grasped his sticklhe would not have noticedhis hand trembling. " It's the resurrection " exclaimed the irreverent bully Wa r'n, " The resurrection ! " re ied Andrew. "May I tak' the leeberty q1 askin," he continued, slowly approaching the ghost, "if it's the general ane, or are ye just takin' daunder (saunter) by yersel' ?" So saying, Andrew rushed at the ghost, and selzing it, while a number of other smaller and darker ghosts rose and ran off in terror to the school house, he then exclaimed, " Come aw' wi' 'me I think I surely haena buried ya deep oneugh, 'hen ye can rise sac easy I But I haetdlug a fine, deep grave this morning, a In I'l pit ye in't, and cover ye up with so mickle yirth, that my word 'e'll no ,ct oot for anither So saying, Andrefv, by way of carry. Ing his threats out, dragged Master .Bully Warren forwsrd to a newly made grave. T?heoboy's horror may be imagined, as Atidrew was too powerful to admit of his escape. He assailed the old man with agonised petittpns for mercy, for he was a great cow d. Tii not a ghos?l Ohl, Andrew, I'm Peter Warren. Andrew ! Andrew I don't bury n4.p I?ll niever again annoy you!. Oh-q-o.-ooti " Antdrew, after having administered what he considered due punishment, let Warren off with the admonition, " Never daur to speak o' gude things ln':yon way! Never play at ghaiste again, or leevan folk like me may grip a ghalst like you, and tak a stick tae ye w AfP yea - c IAI -ýxcLI WILuxxt 