The Canlfield Cue Catastrophe. A SERIES OF DISASTERS. Tbe Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting at Canlfield on Saturday was attended by a Merles of disasters which are probably un- pfturalk-led in the annals of colonial raring. The weather waa unusually warm for the season of the year, but, nevertheless, con genial for outdoor amusement, and the attendance wit larger than on any fonn«r occasion, upwards of 17,000 persons having paid for admission to the course. Tbe fields were all large, and tbe general excellence of the animals engaged was aocommou. Tbe character of the racing was excellent throughout ; but ail extraordinary accident occurred in the G»u!fieid Cup, which threw a g oorn over tbe whole ineettog, and not only upset the calculations but threw thirty horses, in rinding the whole of the cracks of the season, entirely out of the running, at th it interesting print of the race where the jockeys usually shake their horses up, select their ground, and commence to ride for home. The occurrence is, as is usual on such occasions, involved in a good deal of mystery, but from what can be ascertained there appears to be lilt;e doubt tnat it was entirely due to aa accident of the simplest description. The most reliable sources of information are very conflicting, and as a natnra! consequence, a clear explanation of the circumstances is not possible. The field for the Caulfieid Cup was the largest, with only two exceptions, that has tv-r faced a starter in the racing world. In 1852 forty three horses started for the Chester Cun, iu England, when Joe Miller, carrying 4t. 10 ib., ran home an ea?y winner, and at the June meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club in 1.SS3 forty -two horses started for the Lxdiea Bracelet, which fell 'to the lot of The Ghost. Forty -one animals started for tbe Canlfield Cup on Saturday, and the outcome of the race was a painful surprise to every body. Some difficulty was experienced at the start owing to the immense number of restless champing thoroughbreds who drew out in line across the broad field at the entrance to the straight running, but they were ultimately got away fairly well together, and stormed up the straight in one compact and magnificent mass cf moving brilliant colouring. It eras a stirring and magnificent sight, and presented a picture to the eye of a dying column of light cavalry, which routed the most indifferent spectator into rapturous enthusiasm, and set every nerve quiet-ring with excitement. Intense interest was manifest on e>ery side, and as the flying column swept past the stand, with the firm-set riders pulling double 11 to keep their steeds steady, the general silence was only broken by the noise of the clattering hoofs and the sonorous call of a few loud-voiced, eager bookmakers, who plied their nailing on the lawn, the posted roles of the dub to the contrary cotwith standing. Going ovec the rise the field had thinned out a bit, bat on the falling ground they closed np % good deal again, with the exception of eight or ten stragglers who straggled on under the whip, hopelessly in the rear. Coming round the torn into tbe .crag level etretch of straight running which leads past tbe mad wall the 44 cracks" were all holding good posi tions, t he most conspicuous being Britisher, Sardius, Tom Brown, Blink B'rany, Too Too. Claptrap, Prince Imperial, Drspot, Impulse, Lord Exeter, Winchester, Grace Darling, and Coriolanus. but they were not destined to finish the race together. After passing the mud wall the jockeys began to shake their hones up a little, and moved forward, with the object of picking out good positions to get through and "ride" after getting round the hometuru. Atthis point, the levellest, straightest, and be«t part of the course — a scene occurred, at a moment when it was least expected, which beggars description. It appears that one ot tie horses running on the inside, about second or third from the front, tripped and fell, and that sixteen other horses either rumbled over the obstruction or were thrown down in tbe wild scene of o r fusion which instantly occurred. Donald Nich'.Uon, the rider of Lewd Exeter, was either knocked out of the saddle er thrown over the horses head through a stumble, and was killed on the spot, Hxs crushed and mangled body had to be dragged from under too horses — one of which was dead — which were found to be lying upon the unfortunate fellow after the others had pined on. L rd Exeter did not fall. Sam. CracVnell, who was upon Kin ship, received a nasty foil, the horse having turned a somersault in the air and then fallen on him, and sustained a serious fracture of the chest bone, which is stated to have been completely crushed, and jammed in upon bis lungs, and other injuries. MGrade, the rider of Tom Brown, went down with the others, and 'sustained various internal injuries, whilst M Grate, the rider of Prince imperial sustained, it is feared, a fracture of the spinal column. Ellis, tbe rider oi Despot, was badly shaken, Morrison, the rider of Sinx-co sus tained a fracture of the arm Wyutan, who was up on Sardius was turown against a post, and was insensible for about ten hourt from coocasrian of the twain. Tommy Brown received an ngly fall with Too Too, but escaped with a tew scratches and a shaking, whilst Too Too received audi a serious injury to the back that she will probably never race again. Truhaa, who was ridii g Claptrap, escaped by being thrown o\«r the rail, but tbe horse was so badly hurt that it w ill never probably be seen in the field more. The rider ot Winchester (Huxtablei came down very heavily, and sustained a I s rious fracture of the collar b»m«. Tuomy, ! u:c rider of Uarali, was bdiy injured. Alex. Robertson was struck in the back by ! the hoofs f one of the. horse and slightly ; injured, but fee succeeded in rrtatrir-g hi® \ wat on Biink Bocry and bringing her home. I 8«jver»l oilier jockeys were shaken bat wero not ssrfin&i; injured. j M i:rath, »iid Tuomy w»> re oo r> v eyed i to the Melbourne, and Wyman to the Alfred Hospital, where they were all carefully attended to, and were all reported at an early hour next morning to be progressing favourably. Uarah was killed in the accident, whilst Yellow Hammer jumped tbe rail on the inside of the running, and was pulled up after a short spin aeross the flat, safe and sound. A number of the jockeys had very narrow escapes. The death of Kichoieou caused a profound feeling of sorrow on the CGarse and it is not likely that the extraordinary scene will be soon forgotten. The body of tbe deceased rider waa removed to his relatives house at Richmond. 