A MAN'S FRAILTY. WllITTRN KXI'llKBSI.Y FOIl THIS UoWHAT. I'UWt l'UKKS i1y ouii mn-taticwd coitnuhi-oni.knt ".Tim. CIIAPTHU I.—OoNTiNur.T). «« Undoubtedly," rejoined I, " but there is n moat fashionable wivldiug t(« lie celebrated to-morrow, which is tho Hpcoial cause of my journoy ; you may perhaps havu heard of Mr. MacAlpino—at tho uttoraneootwhich naiueRhe turned deadly while, and her puvHO which »ho held in her hand droppod to tho lloor with a dull thud. I stooped to pick it up, nnd Haw printed thereon in small gilt lotterB tho namo " Winnie Neville." Whilst handing it to her she looked at mo very earnefltly, and said, in alow voice, " Will yon kindly liovor mention to anyone having soon ft young lady with property bearing that titlo? (she pointed to tho purse). Of conrso, what could your humblo sorvant do but pledgo Ilia word, though privately ho thought tho request rather strange, and began to look upon this interesting fomalo with a suspicious eye. However, not much time was loft for 1110 to view my com paniou in this unfavourable light, for a prolonged whistlo announced wo were Hearing our destination. In a tow Bcoonds tho train liiul stopped at a tiny, littlo station, at least bo it appeared ill tho im perfect, struggling light, and under ono of tho fow lamps I 'quickly discerned tho well-known figure, of MacAlpino. Ho Baw mo nt once, and came forward with a quicker stop than was his wont. •'So you came, old follow," said he, giving my hand a hearty squeeze, " wasn't it lively weather? 1 turned round to get my portmanteau and Baw Winnie Novillo standing waiting for a chance to loavo tho carriago. In tho ploasure of mooting my old friend I had completely forgotten hor, and of course impeded tho way. Sho had drawn a thick veil over hor faco which completely hid tho linea ments. In her hurry to lcavo alio oaught her foot in tho folds of a rug which was banging from tho Boat, tripped, and would have fallon hoavily forward liad not MaoAlpino stopped up quiokly and caught hor in his ftrnis. In n minuto sho had recovered herself, nnd without tho slightest word of thanks or acknowledgment to either of vro, Untried/ quickly down tho plattouu and disappeared in tho darkness. "Well," said MncAlpino,' " if that was not tho coolest thing that I ovor saw ; what tin eccentric in dividuftl; who is sho.Wron? did Bho boliavo in that extremely palito manner coming up? " "Oh, nover mind discussing stranger's cccon tricilios," I nnswerod, " it is bitterly cold, havo wo far to go ? " " Only a couple of miles, but tho liorsos are good and tho carriago olosed, so wo will not be_ quite drenched beforo our arrival." Wliilo driving along at a vato that nindo mo trem blo for our nooks, MacAlpino said, " thoro is a party on to-night, tho mntor had an absurd whim about having brido and bridegroom togother undor her roof for tho last day of their single lives, so you will find things rathor topsoy-turvoy; I know you dis like such affairs, but thoro will only bo a couplo of hours of it, so whon .you.havo had Homo refresh ments you must don ovoning dress nnd givo tho ladies a treat." Of course my response was amiable onough, though I montally anathematised tho Qwholo affair, | tor of all tho ludicrous and absurd .amusements dancing ought to tako tho pahn. Prcsontly wo drew up at tho side-ontranco of a brilliantly-lighted house from whioli sounds of teslivo mirth could bo plainly hoard. Douglas quiokly bundled me into the snuggest of sung rooms, with a bright wood lire cracking and singing away in an open fireplace, and the daintiest of suppers spread.temptingly out, and only staying to add, " I will havo to loavo you now. but will bo lmelc in twonty-iivo minutes, wlion you must con I trivo to bo ready for conqucst." Truo to his promise my host roturnod and boro mo ! olV in triumph to tho ballroom. It was indeed a 1 pretty sccno which mot my gazo whon wo ontorod; I a largo lofty hall nrtistioally decorated■ with Flora's fairest children, lighted in the old-fashioned stylo by hundreds of wax candles which shod a soft mol low light over everything. Tho usual number of fomininos glittering in bright drosses, and an atten dant numbor of masoulirios sombre in blaok. Mao "Alpine at onco introduced mo to his mother, a hand some oldcrly patrician, who rccoivod mo most cor dially. After somo conversation on various every day topics, sho asked if I had been introduced to the destined brido. 01 course I rcspondoa in tho nega tive. " Doar mo I" said sho, " how ncglootful of Doug las; excuse mo for a minuto," she addocl, as some onocanio forward to claim hor attention, "but wlien I return I Bhall perform that pleasant coromony my self." Loft alone for a fow minutos I rotired behind tho i shadow of somo curtains and watched tho scono with interest. Just opposito to mo was a window, tlio blinds of which were not drawn, it was placod in a deep embrasuro and surrounded by rare exotics. But what awoke my surprise and astonishment was tho glimpse of an ashy faco pressed against the glass; tho oyos, dark, despairing, and wild, wcro fixed on somo object to tho left. I involuntarily turned tliom in the samo direction, and saw standing under tho full blaze of tho wax-light a mngnificently regal wo man ; sho was of Juno-liko proportions, with dark eyes and liair, and dressed in a plain white satin gown, with diamonds flashing where over thoy could bo placod. I turned again to look for tho ashy face at the window, but it was gone. Then all of a sud den it flashed into my mind where I had seen it before—why, in tho railway carriage that very night 1 tho possessor, my interesting and eccentric com panion. Astonishment must liavo been depiotod in my face, for at that minuto MacAlpine came up and said, " Why, what is the matter ? Havo you seen a ghost ? you look petrified." I only smiled, for somo unaccountablo impulso prevented mo from mentioning tho roal cause. " Introduco mo to that tali handsome goddess in wliilo satin—who is sho ? " " Why tlio future bride," said ho, slightly flusliing) " I thought my mother had done that honour.,' Tho next minuto I was talking to the peerless beauty, who did not soem to regard mo with a very favourable air. Did you over see a newly-married woman though who does not look upon intimates of her husband's bachelor's days with a littlo sus picious jealously ? sho vaguely imagines they have secrets, escapades slio will never know of, and con sequently meets them in so icy a manner that it often has tho effect of ircozing them out of the charmed circlo. But such a domoanour had very little effect upon me, I danced with her highness and ft bevy of intended bridesmaids with apparent enjoyment, but felt intensely thankful when the music ceased and tho dancers retired to tho solitudo of their rooms. Though very late all desire for sleep forsook mo, so taking out a copy of Plato, and giving tho fire a vigorous poke, I tried to composo my thoughts for a read. But all to no purpose, tho wind howling wildly round tho houso filled me with a sonso of disquiet, while tho haunting pale faco, framed with tho dripping hair, peorod from every dark corner and gavo form and Bhapo to the flicker ihadows cant hy tlic firelight. Just then tho door opened inn] mlmitleil llii! form of IVFacAIpiiie; ho loolcud pah;, excite.I, mid worried, ftiid wiw evidently like mo ft jirey to KlccplossmuM. f-ro nu contixuiu).] 