Camiola : A Girl with, a Fortune, By Justin McCarthy. Chapter XXVIII.— LOVE-GHOSTS HAUNT THE CHURCHYARD. What was it that prompted Vinnie a day or two after this to turn into the cold churchyard? She had not passed its gatejsince the night of her attempt to drown herself. Shehad always felt a shudder crane over her when- she thought of it. Yet this morning, when returning from her mother's lodging to Fitzurse House, she felt drawn and driven by a curious phantasy to go out of her way for the purpose of taking one look at the spot which was so long sacred to her love and her happiness. She reached the gate, opened it in a half-fearful way, as if something painful must happen to hear should she go inside ; and she went inside. Sbe made her way to the wall that overlooked the river, and stood there a moment and recalled the memories of that dreadful night. Tho place was in solitude ; the solitude and the sight of the water sent a chill through her; she turned away, and feeling weak and faint she sat down ; just as she used to sit when she was waiting for Walter in the old days- Well, she was recovering from all that madness, she thought, and perhaps it might have been as well if shehad not come into this churchyard so soon again. But she would have to see the old places, and she must be able to bear it ; she would have to see him again, and to be ablo to bear that. Suddenly Bhe heard the gate move and she knew that someone had entered the churchyard. She did not look up; she kept her eyes fixed on the ground ; she wanted to see nobody; if possible, not to be seen. The steps came nearer and nearer : it seemed as if they were now coming directly to her; and she heard her name spoken. ' Vinnie !' The word made her tremblo and start. She looked up, ' and with crimsoning cheeks saw that it was Walter Fitzurse who stood beside her. Oh, what memories of happy, hopeful, loving days and evenings, sunny afternoons, soft dusk, quiet, contented hours in the glow of tha fireside, with Mrs liammas at her work a little removed — what memories lika^liese c&mc; rushing upon Vinnie as sho saw him with his eyes fixed beseechingly on her! And thai what recollections of bitter disappoinfnent and desolation, of crnel loryplhiesB and the agony of waiting in vain ; of pain, and mBdaem, and desperation, and of that ghastly mid* summer-nights dream; that moment on the churchyard wall, that wild look up at the Bky, that plunge into tho swift rushing river ! Out of that river die seemed to have come up a newhnman being. Youth, and hope, and love, and disappointment, all were buried for her in that stream. Yet to see him now, and to be spoken to by him, seemed almost as if it could briii£ back the former Vinnie Lamina* again, and torture her with the same misplaced love and the same cruel disappointment. He ought not to have come near her or spoken to her, slu thought; and yet, of course, it must be sooner or later, and perhaps he was right to get it over at once. She was determined that she would not show -any weakness ; the jpast was thej-ast for her. ' Mr. FitKuraef ' she said, 'lahing1 a desperate effort, aad lixjkii.g up to him with dazed eyes wluch hardly saw anything ; ' I am so glad you are come home again. I didn't expect to see you hero.' ' No, Vinnie; and I. didn't expect to see you ; I turned in quite by chance, jnst to have alook at the old place. Bat I am very glad to see you, Vinnie.' ' Thank you,' said Vinnie, rather blankly. ' I -am glad that you are well : and — and — I think I had bettor be going.' 'One moment, Vinnie. As we have met — we haven't met, you know, for a long time — I want you to know— 1 should like— I hope yo u have learned to forgive me£' He spoke in a low, pathetic, pleading tone, and looked very humble and beseeching. ' I don't know that I have anything to forgive, Mr. Fitzurse; I think it was all my own fault. £ was vary silly: I fancied you were veiy really in love with me; and that it would last like that for ever, I know now what nonsense that was, and how young gentlemen like to flirt as much as they can with any girl that comes in their way ; and I thought it all meaut something, now, of comae, I know it meant nothing.*' 'Still, I want to hear you say that you forgive me; I cannot feel at-rest in my heart until I hear you aay you forgive me.' ' Oh, yes, I forgive you, if I have anything to forgive, and I can't forgive myself quite as easily. I hope you will bo happy.; very happy, Mr. Fitzurse— all your life.' « The tears in her eyes were blurring for her tho scene the outlines of Us face. ' I don't deserve happiness; I did you great wrong; 1 don't know how it was ? ' 'It was all very natural fuid easy to understand,' Vinnie- said. 'You had only known pae a short-time, and joa thought you — yoa eacad about ma ; and th® jou. sa* ft beautifnl young lady, rich, and of rank, and educated, and clever, and all that; and, of course, you fell in love with bar. You couldn't help that ; and Ao is much better suited to you than I could ever have been — and don't ibM about me. 1 am all right; people are very kind to me ; and I hope yon may be very happy; and she — and pleasel thi»k I must go now»' ' labonldlutTe Wn rciy happy* Vinnie,^ if I had never seen her: I should have been very liappy with you ? ? ' 'Oh no, no, no,' she exolaimod vehemently, 'don't Bay thai ; it never could h&v;© been j we ncvor were meant for (me another; 1 think 1 felt that, or I feared it, even at tbe time. Yon ought to be in -soc3ety and make a figure in tike world ; you were suede for it and bora for it; and 1 am mily a poor little girl, and I should have been a mere drag en you and a dead-weight on yon — and oh ! it's ever so much better as it is, and 1 shall soon come to be reconciled to it.' A throb of keen and cowardly delight vent through him. She was not vet reconciled to it — that was quite clear ; she loved him still. He had come into the churchyard without the slightest expectation of seeing Vinnie, ana, to say the truth, without one single thought concerning her. He had for the time shaken off all memory of her, and his chief idea in entering the churchyard was that it would be pleasant now in the pride of his success to have a look at the old place where he used to hang about in his unsuccessful days. The sudden sight of Vinnie surprised him and roused his curiosity. Why had she come were ? Was it because she was still fhiniring of him? This was interesting. He spoke to her ; and from the moment of her reply he went on without any definite purpose but such as each new word or tone or gesture of hers might suggest. In a few instants he found himself playing the tender apologetic part of one who too late discovers that he has thrown a pearl away richer than all Lis tribe. Walter lived mainly for success in life ; but unfortunately for him his power to play a part had a strangely incongruous and fantastic vein in it ; and he was always turning aside to indulge in a mood of semi sensuous an'd dreaming sentimentalism. That was the one defect which for his other objects filled him with faults. For the moment it was nothing to him that he was the recognised and received husband of an earl's grand -daughter. Fate had thrown Vinnie Lammas in his way ; Vinnie Lammas whom he had tossed aside so heedlessly, and about whom half -an -hour ago he cared no more than be cared for ' Sally in Our Alley and behold he must sit down by her ant' indulge himself in playing for a few minutes the part of the repentant lover who comes, too late, to see the full value of the love- treasure he has lost. He sat down by Vinnie and endeavoured to take her hand. He had no evil purpose ; no deliberate purpose of any kind. Chance threw in his way the opportunity of a fresh and interesting sentimental sensation, and he could not for the life of him resist the temptation. Vinnie drew her hand away and got up. ' You are right,' he said, rising also and standing not quite to close to her as before ; ' you are right, dear Vinnie, and I was wrong.' She did not ask him what he meant, although she had not been offering any opinions as to the right or wrong of anything. ' I was wrong in attempting to touch your hand,' he said, ' or to sit near you, or to detain you here. We are nothing to each other any more and should keep apart. We shall have to see each other, I suppose, but we must not meet any more ; for I don't call seeing each other in a crowd or in a room with other people — I don't call that meeting. You will love someone yet who will be better worth your love than 1 was ; and you will be happy. I almost wish 1 had not come in here to-day ; but how did I know ? There is a fate in these things, I suppose. Good-bye.' 'Oh, Walter— Mr. Fitzurse,' *he exclaimed. 'How I wish you had not come here to-day i Why did I come here? What brought me V 1 was get-ting reconciled and quiet, and 1 thought 1 was able to bear anything; and I was getting over the memory of that dreadful night. Oh, why must I think of it?' 'What night, Vinnie? What dreadful night?' He asked this question in all sincerity. ' That night, — oh, don't you know ? Oh, you do know -— the night — that Sunday night — when 1 came here and tried to drown myself — firing myself into the river ? ' ' Vinnie ! Vinnie ! I never heard — I never knew any thing: about this. What night was it? Why did you do it?' ' I did it because I was mad, because 1 was in love with you, and you didn't care about me any more ! It was only a little while ago, the Sunday night you went away — wentaway went— I mean when you went to be married to Miss Lisle. Oh, 1 was bo miserable and so wild I hardly knew what I was doing:, and I wanted to be out of life, and I came here and flung myself into the water— and I must have been drowned only for Mr. Romont ? ' ' Only for Mr. Romont! Did he save you? Was it he?' ' He saved me— he is so strong and brave ! Sometimes I wish he hadn't saved me, but he did ; and he and Mr. Pilgrim brought me to the Rectory — and then every one was kind to me. And Mrs. Pollen is so good — and 1 was getting better — and I wish, Walter Fitzurse, that you hadn't come here to-day or that I hadn't come — and why, why, why, didn't you let me alone?' The poor girl fairly broke down in tears and hysterics. She was terrified at the thought of falling back again into her old love. She felt like some weakling lover of drink who has been doing his best to keep temperate and sees temptation suddenly thrust under hie very eyes; who long? to be reformed and finds all his worser nature craving for drink, and who can only moan and shudder at the thought that if this last long enough the spirit of evil must carry the day. She sat down again, and Walter sat beside - her more boldly now. A sensation of mere triumph was filling him. Vinnie had tried to drown herself for love of him ! That was magnificent romance, but one cannot have everything ; and there was a bitter drop in the thought that Romont had saved her, that Romont Imcw all about him and his love affair with Vinnie; that Vinnie had probably told it all to Romont ; that Romont would rememoer how the- very first night Walter and he met, Romont had talked a good deal about Vinnie. and her supposed lover in Fiteumeham, and had not suspected that the lover was sitting there before him. Walter began to be almost borne down by the thought of the number of things which Romont knew about him, and the dread of his some day letting them all out. 'I hope, Vinnie,' he said gravely, ' you did not think of confiding to Mr. Romont, br to anyone else, that chapter in our history which has ended so strangely for both of lis? It would not be like you to do that.' '1 never told anyone,' Vinnie said, flushing a little ; ' I was never asked any question by anyone ; they are all \- too kind and good to think of cross-questioning me — and I didn't know until after that it was Mr. Romont who saved me; I didn't know next day; and I never spoke one word to him about it: I never even thanked him; I thought he would rather I didn't; at least that he would think pel haps it pained me to cay anything about it, and so would rather I didn't; for he wouldn't misunderstand me, I know.' Walter Fteurse was conscious of a positive pang of jealousy ahooting through him, keen as a physical pain. He was made jealous by Vinnie's evident admiration for Romont. ' She is in. love with^him — they1 all like him — everyone,' was his thought. 'Well, Vinnie,' he said, 'we must part. -I ustn't keep you here. I am glad we have met again; and sorry too, 1 think, but we should have to meet some time, and it is as well we should have our first meeting here, in this old place ; this dear old piece. Yon do not love me any more, Vinnie. Why should you? How could you ?' 'You shouldn't even say such words,' Vinnie said, with some spirit; ' you are married : you have a clever and a beautiful wife ; you couldn't fliinlf so badly of me as to suppose that I could care about you any more — except as a friend, of course,' die added. ' You will love someone else soon,' he said, watching her keenly; ?' why should you not ? Perhaps already ? ' But the girl 6 topped him in his speech. ' Oh ! for shame,' she sobbed, breaking down again in tears; 'why do you talk bo? Why can't you let me alone f Fancy your telling me that I am in love with some one else already !' Fibsuree triumphed in his heart ' She loves me still,' he said to himsdf ; ' that is quite clear.' ' Good bye, Vinnie.' He held ont his hand, butVinnie tan past him and out of the gate, and was gone. Fiteurse walked complacently to the Rectory to go out for ^ drive with 'Janette, who was pining for aim, and wa- beguiling the drear time of his short absence by discoursing I to Camiola about his gifts and virtues. Fitzurse waa made more tender than ever with Janette by the thought that Vinnie I^unmas was still in love with him. The know- ? lodge gratified his self-love, and made him all the more willing to be loving to his wife. He had, be it said, no evil purpose in his mind as regarded Winnie. It would have beau of no avail so far as he was concerned ; but in facta hojhad no such thought. He was delighted to think that Vinnie was still in love with him, and he was pleased that he had met her aud had drawn what was really an acknow ledgment of this from her ; and that was enough for him. He would tell Janette the whole story sometime, he thought — the story a little edited in his own interest. It would come out, we may be sure, a story of hopeless passion on the ono side, and heroic magnanimity on the other. ' Where have you been, child?' Mrs. Pollen said, as she stood on the lawn and Vinnie came up to her. ' I've been to see marn ma, and I gave her your message.' ' Yes, that's right ; but what happened to you on the way back ? Did vou meet any one V ' Oh, Mrs. Pollen, why do you ask ?' She was fright ened. ' Well, because I know the sight of your mother whom you see every night didn't throw you into a state of con fusion that lasted from her house quite on to mine. You have been crying ; let me look at your eyes. Come now; I'll tell you one thing you have been doing. Youhavebeen in the old churchyard.' ' Oh, how do you know ?' ' You have been there, and you have been crying there ; j I can see that; and I know why.' Mrs. Pollen suspected at first nothing more than that* Vinnie had gone into the j churchyard to indulge in morbid fancies and unwholesome memories there. ' You must not go there for a long time, : child ; until you have got over all this. It is not good for j you to keep the past on your recollection. I guessed that : had been to that place the moment I saw your face.' Then sbe saw another expression pass quick as a flash of light 1 across Vinnie's face ; the expression of one who has some thing more to tell but fears or does not know how to tell it. ' Oh, there is something more then ? I have not heard all ? You met someone in the churchyard — yes, of course, I see it all now. You met Walter Fitzurse there. That is what happened.' 'Oh, Mrs. Pollen, I never thought of seeing him there : . I never thought of such a thing. I wouldn't have gone in there for all the world if I had any idea of his ever being there now.' ' No, Vinnie; I am quite sure of that. I couldn't for j a moment suspect you of any wish to see him again,' 'Oh, no, no, no,' poor poor Vinnie murmured. ' But he talked to you ; and he was pathetic, wasn't he ? ' He spoke of the old^days, aud excused himself and all that ; ' and rather implied that it was a pity things hadn't ended j otherwise, and destiny and all'that sort of thing — ' 'Why, surely, Mrs. Pollen,' Vinnie asked with wide open and affrighted eyes, 'you never could have been there? You didn't bear?' Mrs. Pollen smilled complacently. She was right then in her guesses. The rest would be easy. ' 1 wasn't there, child, and I have heard nothing what ever about what he said or you said ; but I have Jsome experience of the world, and of men, and of girls : and I know what that sort of man would say under the circum stances ; and I think I know what he wanted to get you to say. - Shall tell you ?' ' No ; please don't,' Vinnie said, much distressed. 'Yes, I must; to show you what sort of person he is, and how much a matter of common form all this sort of thing is. Well, let me see; he hoped you would be happy with someone else— didn't ho ? — and said you would soon find someone worthier of your love than he had been?' ' Oh, but how do you know ?' 14 Regular sort of thing, my dear child ; might as well be got off by heart out of a ' polite-letter- writer ' or sent about in circulars. Then he asked you if you hadn't already found someone to love ; aud then you buret into tears and made it only too plain to him that you hadn't. Is that the whole story, Vinnie?' Poor Vinnie had to confess with renewed shame and tears that that was the whole story ; that Mrs. Pollen knew it all as well as if she had been a listener. Mrs. Pollen had given her a sharp and wholesome lesson. All that Walter had said must be in the common trick of such men — else how could Mrs. Pollen have known it ? — and he was merely playing it off on her to amuse his own vanity. 44 He is not worth thinking about,' Mrs. Pollen said. ' Don't you think he ever cared, for me, any time ?' Vinnie asked timidly. 44 Never cared, and never will care for you, or anyone in the world but himself,' was Mrs. Pollen's answer. She was determined to call Vinnie's still undestroyed sense of self-respect to her rescue, even though she had to sting it into action. 