THE PORTRAIT. A STORY OF THE SEEN AND THE UNSEEN. FEOM BLACKWOOD. IV. Tlms time passed on for several quiet flays. There was nothing to make us give eny special heed to the passage of time, life being very uneventful and its habits un varied. My mind was very much preoc cupied by my father's tenants. He had a creat deal of property in the town which ?was so near us — streets of small houses, the test paying property (I was assured) of any. I was very anxious to come to some settled conclusion. ; on the one hand, not to let myself be carried away by senti ment; on the other, not to allow my strongly roused feelings to fall into the blank of routine, as his had done. I was seated one evening in my own sitting-room ' busy with this matter — busy with calcula tions as to cost and profit, with an anxious desire to convince him, either that his profits were greater than justice allowed, or that they carried with them a more urgent duty than he had conceived. It was night, but not late, not more than 10 o'clock, the household still astir. Every thing was quiet — not the solemnity of mid night silence, in which there is always some thingofmystery,butthe Boft-breathing quiet of the evening, fall of the faint habitual sounds of a human dwelling, a consciousness of life about. And I was very busy with my figures, interested, feeling no room in my mind for any other thought. The singular experience which had startled me so much had passed over very quickly, and there had been no return. I had ceased to think of it ; indeed 1 had never thought of it save for the moment, setting it down after it was over to a physical cause without muoh difficulty. At this time I was far too busy to have thoughts to spare for any thing, or room for imagination ; and when suddenly in a moment, without any warn ing, the first symptom returned, I started with it into determined resistance, resolute not to be fooled by any mock influence which could resolve itself into the action of nerves or ganglions. The first symptom, as before, was that my heart sprang up with a bound, as if a cannon had been fired at my ear. My whole being responded with a start. The pen fell out of my fingers, the figures went out of my head as if all faculty had departed; and yet I was conscious for a time at least of keepingmy self control. I was like the- rider of a frightened horse, rendered almost wild by something which in the mystery of its voiceless being it has seen, something on the road which it will not pass, but wildly plunging, resisting every persuasion, turns from, with ever in-1 creasing passion. The rider himself after a time becomes infected with this inexplain able desperation of terror, and I suppose I must have done so ; but for a time I kept -4ib upper hand. I would not allow myself to spring up as I wished, as my impulse was, but sat there doggedly, clinging to my books, to my stable, fixing myself on I did not mind what, to resist the flood of sensation, of emotion, which was sweep ing through me, carrying me away. I tried to continue my calculations. I tried to stir myself up with recollections of the miserable Bights I had Been, the poverty, the helpless ness. I tried to work myself into indigna tion; but all through these efforts I felt the contagion growing upon me, my mind falling into sympathy with all those straining faculties of the body, startled, excited, driven wild by something I knew not what. It was not fear. I was like a ship at sea Btraining and plunging against wind and tide, but I was not afraid. I am obliged to use these metaphors, otherwise I could give no explanation of my condition, seized upon against my will, and torn from all those moorings of reason to which I clung with desperation — as long as I had the strength. When I got up from my chair at laet, the battle was lost, so far as my powers of self control were concerned. I got up, or rather- was dragged up,; from my seat, clutching fit these material things round . me aB with, a last effort to hold my own. But that was np longer . possible ; I was overcome. I stood for a moment look ing round me feebly, feeling aiyself begin to babble with stammering Hps, which, was 0jp alternative of shriekjsg, »nd -wkichl seemed to choose ae a lesser evil. What I said vras,* What anx I to do?' and after a while, * What do you want me to do?' although throughout I saw no one, heard no voice, and had in reality not power enough in my dizzy and confused brain to know what I myself meant. I stood thus for a moment looking blankly round me for guidance, repeating the question, which seemed after a time to beeome almost mechanical. What do you want me to do ? Though I neither knew to whom I addressed it nor why I said it. Presently— whether in answer, whether in mere yielding of nature, F cannot tell — I became aware of a differ ence ; not a lessening pi the agitation, but a softening, as if my powers of resistance being exhausted, a gentler force, a more benignant influence, had room. I felt my self consent to whatever it was. My heart melted in the midst of the tumult; I seemed to give myself up, and move as if drawn by some one whose arm was in mine, as if softly swept along, not forcibly, but with an utt^r consent of all my faculties to do I know not what, for love of I know not whom. For love — that was how it seemed — not by force, as when I went before. But my steps took the same course : I went through the dim passages in an exaltation indescribable, and opened the door of my father's room. He was seated there at his table as usual, the light of the lamp falling on his white hair; he looked up with some surprise at the sound of the opening door. ' Phil,' he said, and with a look of wonder ing apprehension on his face, watched my approach. I went straight up to hiTyij and put my hand on frip shoulder. ' Phil, what is the matter ? What do you want with me ? What is it ?? he said. ' Eather, I can't tell you. I come not of myself. There must be something in it, though I don't know what it is. This is the second time I have been brought to you here/ ' Are you going ? ?' he stopped him self. The exclamation had 'been begun with an angry intention. He stopped, looking at me with a scared look, as if per haps it might be true. *Do you mean mad ?' I don't think bo. I have no delusions that I know of. Father, think — do you know any reason why I am brought here ? For some cause there must be.' I stood with my hand upon the back of his chair. His table was covered with papers, among which were several letters with the broad, black border which 1 had be fore observed. I noticed this now in my ex citement without any distinct associations of thoughts, for that I was not capable ' of ; but the black border caught my eye. And I was conscious that he, too, gave a hurried glance at them, and with one hand swept them away. -^ ' Philip,' he said, pushing back his chair, ' you must be ill, ray poor boy. Evidently we have not been treating you rightly : you have been more ill all through than I sup posed. Let me persuade you to go to bed.' ' I am perfectly well,' I said. ' Father, don't let us deceive one another. I am neither a man to go mad nor to see ghosts. What it is that has got the command over me I can't tell ; but there is some cause for it. You are doing something or planning something with which I have a right to in terfere.' He turned round squarely in his chair with a spark in his blue eyes. He was not a man to be meddled with. * I have yet to learn what can give my son a right to inter fere. I am in possession of all my faculties, I hope.' ' Father,' I cried, ' won't you listen to me ? no one can say I have been undutiful or disrespectful. I am a man, with a right to speak my mind, and I have done so ; but this is different. I am not here by my own will. Something that is stronger than I has brought me. There is something in your mind which disturbs — others. I don't know what I am saying. This is not what I meant to say ; but you know the meaning better than I. Some one — who can speak to you only by me— speaks to you by me; and I know that you under stand.' He gazed up at me, growing pale, and his under lip fell. I, for my part, felt that my message was delivered. My heart sank into a stillness so sudden that it made me faint. The light swam in my eyes; everything went round with me. I kept upright only by my hold upon the chair ; and in the sense of utter weakness that fol lowed, I dropped on my knees I tiiink first, then on the nearest seat that presented itself, and covering my face with my hands, had hard ado not to sob, in the sudden re moval of that strange influence, the relaxa tion of the strain. There was silence between us for some time ; then he said, but with a voice Blightly broken, ' I don't understand you, Phil. Tou must have taken some fancy into yonr mind which my slower intelligence ? Speak out what you want to say. What do you find fault with ? Is it all — all that woman Jordan ?' He gave a short forced laugh as he broke off, and shook me almost roughly by the shoulder, saying, ' Speak out ! what — what do yon want to say?' . ' . ?* It seems, sis, ilifttllmvesaidjpverythuig.' My voice trembled more than Ins, out not in the same way . *t have told you that I did not come1 by my own wUl-^qnite others wise, I resisted as long as J could: now sli is said. It is for you to. judge whether it waa worth the troxAle or -not.' Hegot up from bis seat in a hurried way. * You wonldiiave me as— i mad asjourself^e said, then eat down again as quickly. * Come, Phil; if it will please 3500. not to soaks a breach, the first breach, between us, you shall have your way. I consent to your looking into that matter about the poor tenants. Your mind shall not be upset about that, even though I don't enter into all your views.' * Thank you,' I said ; ' but, father, that js pot what it is.' ' Then it is a piece of folly,' he said, angrily. fI suppose you mean-: — ?- but this is a matter in which I choose to judge for myself.' 'You know what I mean,* I said, as quietly as I could, ' though I don?t myself know ; that proves there is good reason for it. Will you do me one thing before I leave you? Come with me into- the drawing room — - — * \- ' What end,' he said, with again the tremble in his voice, * is to be served by that? ' ' I don't very well know ; but to look at her, you and I together, will always do something for us, sir. As for breach, there can be no breach when we stand there.' He got up, trembling like an old man, which he was, but which he never looked like, save at moments of emotion like this, and told me to take the light; then stopped when he had got half-way across the room. ' This is a piece of theatrical sentimentality,' he said. 'No, Phil, I will not go. I will not bring her into any such ? Put down the lamp, and if you will take my advice, go to bed.' ' At least,' I said, * I will trouble you no more, father, to-night. So long as you understand, there need be no more to say.' He gave me a very curt 'good-night,' and turned back to his papers — the letters with the black edge, either by my imagination or in reality, always keeping uppermost. I went to my own room for my lamp, and then alone pro ceeded to the silent shrine in which the por trait hung. I at least would look at her to-night. I don't know whether I asked myself in so many words, if it were she who —or if it was any one — I knew nothing; but my heart was drawn with a softness — born, perhaps, of the great weakness in which I was left after that visitation — to her, to look at her, to see perhaps if there waB any sympathy, any approval in her face. I set down mv lamp on the table where her little work-basket still was 4 the light threw a gleam upward upon her — she seemed more than ever to be stepping into the room, coming down toward me, coming back to her life. Ah no ! her life was . lost and vanished ; ail mine stood between her and the days she knew. She looked at me with eyes that did not change. The anxiety I had seen at first seemed now a wistful sub dued question ; but that difference was not in her look but in mine. (CO BE CONTINUED.) 