fie JUpetet Adelaide: Saturday, October 24, 1885. THE FREE-TRADE LEAGUE; ' The meeting of gentlemen favourable to the formation of a Free-trade League which was held yesterday afternoon was a decided success. The motions submitted were agreed to unanimously, and a com mittee was appointed to draw up rules and make the other necessary preliminary, Bteps for getting the organization into working order. When this committee is prepared to report a further meeting will be held, of which due notice will be given. For some reasons it is to be re gretted 'that the movement was not begun earlier, but it is, never too late to mend. , Moreover, if the Customs Bill should' pass the Legislative ' Council the tariff is admittedly so imperfect, 'both from a free-trade /and ; a [ protectionist ?point of view, that the Parliament will be com pelled'tOLdeal'.iwith it again at an early date. _.Iii_8ny case, there is bound to be an appeal to 'the country on the question at the general^elections in 1887, if not. before., In the meantime the League will find abundant scope forita1 energies in the directions so dearly indicated by Mr. FoMefrf^ There is no doubt a good deal of force in the remarks of Mr/ Barr Smith as to the limits of the League's operations ; but that point will probably come up* for discussion in due ,? course ' when the rules are submitted for adoption. ,A definite and a somewhat narrow basis is [an advantage, inasmuch as it is iess likely to r give rise to misapprehension oh' tfe^part ofHhbaa' who join ike movement.' Moreover,' there is ample room for work of a purely missionary, (character. Many talk very glibly , about . jfree r trade and pro tection ; who have only a. very huzy; notion of what is meant either by the one' or'the other. Facts and figures are some times severed from their surroundings and used in such a manner as to mislead. It will, be a decided gain to have the whole truth stated in a clear and intelli gible manner, as well as its application to our special circumstances. Nevertheless, it will be impossible to stop here, and whether the League decides to take up work beyond thisof not it will nave to be taken up before the practical result that is bo much to be desired is accomplished. No reform,; no great change, whether of the nature of a reform or the exact opposite, was ever brought about by the mere enuncia tion of abstract truths, however important they may be. The repeal of the corn laws was carried in England not because the bulk of the people had mastered the' theories of . free trade, but because'1; the loaf was small and dear, and the free admission of foreign corn would give a larger loaf at a lower price. The people saw that while they were on the, verge, of starvation and', the , price of bread was going up there were large stacks of wheat, some of them- nearly two years old,' which the farmers were holding. for a higher price. The direct advantages to be secured by the abolition of the corn laws and the terror caused by the burning of the wheat; stacks by the starving and infuriated .populace did .more to hasten the repeal; of the corn laws than any strictly philosophical explanation of the principles of free trade. We need not, indeed/go away from home for an illus tration of the point. The plea that additional revenue was required was much more effective in securing the pasBing,of : the tariff by the Assembly than any belief in the advantages of protection. It was repeatedly said we can secure additional revenue -, and at the same time encourage: native indus tries by increasing the^ Customs duties. The contention, no doubt, was absurdly illogical, but it was effective; ano( we repeat that but for the deficiency in the revenue- there would not have been the ghost of a chance of a protective tariff being carried. .? .,. We are in the unfortunate position of requiring additional - revenue, while at the same time we raise a e;ood deal of re venue through the Customs. The practical effect of free trade with us will be to sweep away a considerable part of this revenue, and it will be essential to show in what other way the revenue can be more advantageously secured. It will be an advantage to prove that on economic and on social grounds protective duties are exceedingly mischievous and unsound. Following a current of thought which has of late been gaining ground in England, and of which Mr. Auberon Herbert is one of the ex ponents, it would not be difficult to show that they are ethically unBound, and that they are an unwarrantable interference with personal liberty, and teaching of this kind will no doubt prepare the soil. Still the question is bound to crop up, What is to be substituted for the duties that are to be repealed? It may turn out to be the wiser course to leave the answer to this question to be dealt with by another organization, and, rather than risk the effectiveness of a Free-trade League, it will be prudent to do so. There are, however, two considerations that should have some weight There can be no doubt that if Richard Cobden had lived a few years longex he would have taken up the question of land tenure as earnestly as he took up that of free trade. It is the question to which attention is now being generally directed. And while there are no doubt many Free traders whoare notyetinsympathy withany theory of land nationalization, Jit, seems to us that the swne method of rpisoninc which leads to' theadoptron^of ^re8--trade v)e*8~wiITalBonead'lo'tne conclusioirtbTair so long as our present system of land tenure is continued a land tax is the fairest and most direct form of taxation. We are not surprised that many are startled to find some of those who are very strong on the subject of land nationalization advocating a protectionist policy, but the two things are as absolutely inconsistent a3 the, idea ; that duties which raise 7 a5 revenue will also entourage local in dustry. Unfortunately, in the colonies Buchinconsistenciesarenot uncommon, and they clearly prove that there is yet much to be done in the way of missionary efforts to instruct the people. Ad far as the Free trade League is concerned, if it confines its (efforts to an exposition of the doctrines of free trade it will not, of course, be antagonistic to any other organization which advocates a particular form of direct H*^ * '- «*- yn - ' ? r. ?.-: 