THE PICTURE. ' ; Bx Chabuecs BEADB. " . . , .Past II. (concluded.) WeB# gentlemen, my courtship _ was interrupted by a summons to viBit the sports. As to the running and shooting, I rememberonly that it was nothing to boast of, and that khe prize for -the latter was won ; fry that red-headed giant, and that he came to the marquis, cap in hand, and received a pewter mug. 1 Then Cam e. the wrestling. Two rustics, naked to the waist, straggled together with more strength than skill; One was thrown, and retired crestfallen. Another came on, and threw the victor. Each boat occupied a .Jpiig time. The son began to sink, and onr hnmble servant -to .yawn, j ' My betrothed was all eyes and enthu siasm, though the sight was more monotonous than delicate ibut the. marquis pitied me, and said, " You are not bound to endure all this. The result is - known beforehand. After two dozen encounters a victor will be declared,, and then 'the champion1 will throw Aim with, considerable ease ; the champion is that. redbeaded giant, Flaubert. He will oome forward, and go down on one knee, and my daughter will bestow this scarf on him. Brought your smelling bottle, ohild, I hope ! Then, on other occasions, I used to feast them all ; but after their insolence at the church-door — insolence to yon, monsieur I man gendre- — I shall admit only the champion j Flaubert and his guard of honour, twelve in number. Pierre has his orders ; if the rest try to foree their way, he will let the port cullis down on their heads. They have all been told that, and why" Well, I did not care to see my betrothed put that scarf upon the champion, so I strolled away, and wandered about the chateau. An irresistible curiosity led me to i that part of the building in which Made moiselle de G-roucy slept. Her bedroom was in a large tower looking down upon the parterre; which web, like the hanging gardens of Babylon fall thirty feet above the plain the oaetle stood on ; for indeed it was a castle- rather than a chateau. I entered her bedroom with a tremour of Curiosity and delight; it was large. and lof ty ; . tbo bed had no -curtains, and was covered with a snowy sheet — nothing more. Spartan simplicity was seen in every detail. 3phe picture, framed as yon see . it now, nested on two huge chairs; and at this my hbatt beat. On a table by the side of the looking-glass l discovered the quaint little 'figure Flaubert bad bestowed upon the marquiB along with the famous hare. "-Well,1' thought J, looking at that monstrosity and at my picture, " that is a comparison she is welcome to make." I was ashamed of my ourioBity, and soon retired. I went and sat in her boudoir. Her work was about ; there were many signs of bit presence ; a delioata perfume mingled with the .scents of the flowers, I sat at the open window. Voices murmured in the Chateau, but outside all was still. Soft dreams of bomiog happiness possessed me ; I leaned my .head out of window and drank the evening Airland thought of Wednesday, and the life of bliss to follow. I was calm, and Joir the first time iheffably happy.' | ' The Bun set j the was still; no ' doubt jjfSIr admitted by the marquis remained there in a diwoas Presently, in thfidarfcnees, J 5 VJ figure pass along close to the watl at the tower a little while. Then ? r J disappeared, so. that it was moet Ukely a shadow. ' Shadow Or not, I was i going to be Jealous again, when my betrothed entered the room gaily and invited me to supper 1 " You must not abandon as altogether, said she, and she. beamed so, and her manner was so kind and aareasiog, that I waB in tne seventh heaven directly. She gave me ner hand of her. own accord, and I conducted her to the salle a manger. - - . . 1 " Oh, you have found him, have you I said the marquis, gaily. " That is lucky , for I have the appetite of a wolf." - 1 A noble repast . was served m honour of onr betrothal, and we did honour to.it. I forget what was said, but I remember that for the first - time Irbue allowed her gifts to appear. What animation. ! what grace what sparkling wit without ill-nature i what inimitable powers of pleasing, coupled for once with the desire to please 1 Oh, marvel lous inconsistency of woman 1 , 'Her father was fascinated as well as I, and embraced her warmly when she. retired, with a sweet, submissive apology to me, say- ing that the day, though delightful, had been a little fatiguing. 'Her father and I remained, and, instead of our invariable piquet, were well content to sing her praises and congratulate ourselves. 4 The subject was inexhaustible, and I am sure we had sat together more than an hour when a great murmur of voices was heard, and Mademoiselle Donon dame in with a terrified air to say that there was a tumult outside. i « More likely a -serenade on this festive oCoasion," suggested the marquis. But at moment the great belT qf the church began to peal. It was the tocsin. "'Are we on fire," cried the marquis, 41 and don't know it?" 1 ran to the window, threw it open, and looked out. I saw flaming torches moving towards the castle from various mparts, 'and heard angry murmurs. ' " Sir," said I, in no little agitation, "thsy are going to attack as, as they did that other chateau." Ds Groucy smiled grimly. 41 All the worse for them if they do. I had the draw bridge raised at flask, end we have plenty of ammunition." 'Here a servant cams In with a face of newB. '"What is the matter ?" asked the marquis. 1 ' ' 44 They have not the sense to say," replied the man. He was master of the hounds. "I hailed them through the grating, and asked them to deolare their grievance. Bat the fools kept roaring, 'The- champion! the champion !' and not another word could I get out of them. Do they think we "have taken 'the blackguard prisoner ?' "Stuff!" said the marquis : "that is a blind. Load all the muskets with ounee bullets this instant." ' Tbe man retired to exeedte this order. '"Bat, sir," said I, "may not " tbe champion have been shut in -when you raised the drawbridge? I thought I saw a figure on the parterre, -groping his way about in the dark." ' ; - "No, no," said the marqnis; ; "If any one had been shut In by accident, he would have - oome tp the postern, and the janitor would have let him out. Any stick to beat a dog! any excuse to insult or pillage their betters !--4hat fs the France we live in nowi So be it. Not one- of Ute caiuxiUe shall enter the place alive." '"I am at your orders," said I, catching fire;'' - . All thete, you must understand, were harried words, spoken as we marched/the marquis leading the - way up the great staircase. At the head of it, Pierre and Guillaume met him -with the loaded muskets and ammunition, and he then said to me; '"Yon wonder, perhaps, to see me so calm, with women under my charge and wild be ists ho vling outside. Bat l am a soldier, and know what I am about. This eastleis simply impregnable to foes of that kind except at one spot, the/small, postern .and that is bound With iron. Should they batter it down, tbe aperture is small ; we throe can kill them all, one at a time, and at daybreak I will hand the survivors over to Captain Beaumont, who will be here with a squadron of mounted cirbineere. The worst of it if yicomte, I must disturb your betrothed, for it is only from her window wecaafire upon the pastern." « He led the way to. his daughter's room, and we naturally draw back. In the passage adjoining a cold wind blew- on ps, and a small but massive door, with gigantic bolts, was 1UUUU l>u UB Bjsr. ,'The- marquis turned round on ns, astonished, and for the first time showed anxiety. He said, in a low, unsteady voice : 4 " Who has opened this passage ?" v 4 " Does it lead to the parterre ?" said I, and began to fear some strange mystery. : V It did," said he, " bat I condemned it ten years ago." ' " Fall that, sir," said Pierre ; " 'twas I nailed it up. by yopr orders. I wish I knew the traitor who has taken oat the nails and drawn the bolts back." 'The -marquis's cheek waa pale, and his eyeB flashed. " To the portoulliB, Pierreaud Guillaume," said he; " and if any stranger comes to it from the honse, kill him withont a word. Yod and I, son in-law, oah defend the postern." Our tiroes thus separated, he went on to his daughter's room, and knocked gently ; there was np reply. He knocked loude? ; there was no reply. 4 " She is asleep," said he ; " I will go in and prepare her." f Then I drew back, ont of delicacy. 4 He took oat a pass-key and opened the door. 'There was a man in his daughter's room. 4 That man was " the champion.' « " The champion" stood motionless, and looked quifce stupified. , 1 demoiselle de Groucy, quick as he Was j Slow, darted befprehlro vth extended arms to preteot him; hat. > WJnott mbh lent ctieil, " Fly, fly, for yviiir lifs'l" fh4 "mdifielft'bibe made way f« him to fiy th« marquis levolted little hesitatlPn af he wonW ari yriW hwar. « Whpt I took If? bp Was all sftiow; tbe marquis tod (he tod drove ns wwi. tod the door ol the; condemned passage was slammed. M. fie'Grtocy strodd ihto the room :rI tollPwed him. The smoke togbnto clear, and all things were IdaiM: is m; a mist ; patches of h floated rejt : : mowed by the ballet off tho ahampiPn'B skufl. - ' Irene leaned agaiiiBt fthe mantel pieor, white as a ghost ; bat onlyher body aroabbed, and that not mnoh; her pghtyrtd ;Was erect, and hpr eyes faoed us, Bhinlng super naturally. The marquis," stout to he was, H»nic into a chair and trembled/ « " How did that man get in here?" said he, hoarsely. « "I let mm in by the oondemnod do&f;," said she, pale, "but uuflinohing. " GfltnhPt yon see that I love hitn?" ' "Ton love that canaitteV' vrf6aned the marquis. - ) - . , ' "I love that young man because he is a man, and has all the virtue that belong to his humble condition. He earns his bread; and I shall be proud to earn mine with him. But it is yod and this gentleman who have hastened things ; you were forcing me and Hurrying me into a marriage wi&uuun; ujve. No misery, fio degradation, dan equal that. That is why I called him to' my .aid, I placed myself under his protection." \- «"I will kill him," paid the bjwrqais to me, with deadly calmness. :: . . ' She oame forward direotTy andfolded "her - arms before him. " Then you WlU kill niy honour, for he Is my lover ; I belong to him." ' At that audacious avowal the; marquis rose like a tower, and lifted his hand to fell her to the earth. Brit "he did r not stice her. Better for her, perhaps, if he had, lor words can be more, terrible than blows. ' " Since, you can jfafl no lower," said he, " marry your peasant, and- live on his dung hill with him. You are no child of mine. I banish you,- amd. X -disown you, tod' may God's curse light on you and him for ever 'Then for the first time her. prond head droopsd upon her "hand, and that hand upon the mantel-piece. " You wall forgiva ble one day," she murmured, faintly. V - 4 " Forgive you !" said he, with unutterable scorn ; " I .shall, forget ypo. . You Tare n 3 more to me now than the dirt I walk oht Gome, my son, my only child." He took my hand and drew ma away. Henevsr looked back, but I cast one long, miserable glauoe on her whom it was my misery to love and hate. Her white wrist rested on a high chair, her head was bowed, yeVfaer.garleBs ey-didpp| turn from us. She, wks beaotifnl as she stood there half cowed hy;n father's enrari; as beautifal as she had been in hecscora,Xn her ire, and in her happy reveries, when ,het lips parted with that topp/ mile, tod- a tender fireLglpwed.in her fiewy ey to' , % ! While the narrator paused, and wb sat 1 sliest. - lookinff &fii; tilfi usfairfl. Sqzoii fittnfe 1 hurriedly in, with tears in her eyes. Snd told the onr& Gatherine was very: ill indeed, and feegring to see ehim. EOe rose diretitly and | aoccmpanied her. . L " f ' = ' Yon had better eteep here/ said my unole ; 4yoor bed'is al way already, yoiilaiow/ .f j ' With pleasure/ said he. 4 \ l-.r. : 1 As Boomas the door had eleaed to - him, 1 1 remarked; > rather peevishly, that -X heveH knew an interesting ahngp nUowedto piusuod 1 without a whole system of interroption«t--? I Tb8 elders smfled'at my impatiehce. ' M. j de Pontarlais suggested that perhapk T ICIlj those interruptions more than others. ' My 1 uacle said : ' Weunust take good men as they 1 are, and thank God for them. 1 have known 1 him fourteen yeaars.yet never onoe to nlectl a eick pereonXor any pMsonai gratification J whatever.? s:-4--. v.; : r-cs ,:i . .! ; j : - Then I remember : I was haff aehamed of 1 myself; and said l venerated the good ca'ri aud lored him dearly, and if he weald sfey J with Gatherine, wbII aiadgood ; bat he would beooming badc in a few minutes, and it was 1 this parpetuai va- eh-viext that was breaking 1 my botrkaadrthe thread of tiiebnly beautiful 1 story - I had - ever : heard fcold by word af J iOUmth. : . ;>.-« V; ' ' ' rj: m.'-" f < 'Galtzr yourself, my young friend/ said .-Monsieur de Pontarlais ; ' my story is- nearly I ended.' r ; . ' j f The marquis compelled meto leave him, t after a while, and seek repose. I could not 1 find it ; I raged i withory ; I sickened with f despairq I; loved and I hatsd. This is the f woridk hell. . . ; , f ' The first thing next morning 1 Donoh came to the marquis rind mein tearC i and told ns ahe had heard all, tot Implored f us not to believe cne; word againte- Irene's t honour. She eonld outy, anti! that Xatd 1 night, have spoken to the man to ibewUtage I fetes, or from the iaicony of the parterT, f xwkjr icck auuvo -fcnB grouna. «orr inex perienced girl,u. said- she, ' how Bhoaid she measure her words? She did not know what she was saying." 4 " The pupils of RouBaeau have not much to learn," was the. grim xepiy. ; » '.Thenext minate Pierce oame ro -and told ns mademoiselle had left too th a bundle in her hand, and dressed like a peasant girl ) I started up, bnt the marqais1 laid a hand of ironnn me; . " Let her go," saidhe— Hlet her taint a sasant's home she ehall notdishononr mine.-Herdwn mother «to»»id not keep her if toe were alive and went on tor This war the end. I etayed ttot msserahle day,- and then the tnarquis-seot home; I told him I should tell my fatheroat iompers -Were ineeatisiliililA— Jim a. > rT_ i \- . wmgiUMsr, Ma tone. )_ :.;!vr .-.T : » ' I teU a lie about herf?' said toe iron noble. « Tell the truth, -my son.and wtara my love." 1 t .. 1 ' Well, that difficulty was solved for me. I reached home in n high fever, ami it' Somi eettled on my twain, and I was ineeneilde for weeks. rfowly, aud it was many months ere I could w&lk.; . Ah, fatal beantv ! yon nearly killed two men: the fckekenud yon adorned with 1 those queenly airs of 7Qr85 bullet grazafi hii ekhll mud ttojdory was Interrapted asain.J4, foreseen, .and the converaation tarner 4 Catherine an J- Met hamb"a,Sa» P»u mip, WtMB.1, looking very gt:' Sasbn came in, bearing a huoa «,;i ' anl thU waa apeeaily fiUed vjfh H lemon, tod apices— a delicioas and compound. J uagf»nt B was ladled ont into our RksBfiB lta lnfinence I took courage and iiaS? oooni to finiih the .tor/ He SS,8 ono bat aaiS it woald have little i22 « SeVmM Print'?al was confused and troubled. HowlL degrees Lreeovered a certain dogoed b? -bliia; asa. indeed, sine, V 01 ot the tmS passion that a brain fever from diaaL? ?® love either kills the body or Cores tha w? My long and dangeroo ilinol.T14, -followed' 'tiy. . a period o! bodily during which those about mi 8e Jm u together to know nothing about th tP? P Dfl aoubt they had fi ypEUCkOa At last, one day, being now atronsrw t asked my father, with feigned compose a he still corresponded with my dear friend Marquis de Groucy. <ne " Yes, my son," was his repV ««». in England. ' He has sold his proper emigrated. He came here on his wavtiJ wept over yod, but yon did not know him This made my tears flow. After a whih t kdd; " Father, she whom I loved so deariL oh/ father, I can bear anything now wi me. Her own parent has abandoned u but perhapa she has come to her senses and only heeds a friend to save her from flat wretch." 441 GrAgorie," said my father, firmly, « be "nito forget that' womam She is n t' worth 'a'" thought. She has ohosen her dnnghai- let her lie on it." Then, as I persisted ia begging him to tell me something about her he eriid, "I will tell you this mneh -tod have no betrothed, ray poor friend has so daughter, and bis noble rase is extinet." ' 4 After that I maintained a sort of sad and gloomy siteC Ce, and all those who realiylovedms -flattered themselves I had forgotten her ; bnt now; alter to mahy years, I own to you, i Moosietft' Frederic, that her beanty and ha i voice, tod the love I had given her, haunted me, aud were an obstacle to marriage, until ; : oelSbacy botemq;toq fired a habit. B?en dot, 1 ' in thedeofliie Of lite, my 'old heart thrflledst ihe suflden- sight of her shadow there-fe life-like image of dne I loved too well \- -This «et us all gaziog at the portrait, ari ! ' fto enrA in particular got op and ex&misedit; > vary closely, and with a possled air. hi- -Rati stilito&sted; for more. 4 Surely/ aid I; in the course of all these years you stoat I hhve heard -eomettraig more abont herf Not a word.' I ' ' Made some InquiriMf NcneL' f At lehst,«fcyyoa know whether she it i paliverir dead?' " " r No, Fdomot.' - -£ISftn\ X tiegto ' ; to- -bemoan my $ fortdne. " Oht, tor, told I, ' when yoobagw Ryto heautifttl etoVy I felt sure I should hear rfiH I ajbodtf- tor," and Where she is now ; tot .you lost eight of her When she was no older thshI am, hud thete yod drop the curtain, khd (tit is da¥k. dt iraB cver now ; nobody :WilfAvet tell me the story of her life— nobody tooto toy lhihg,abhutther/ \ui Youriremistekeu arid the car«, grardy, 5Y lmora gteat deal abbot her.' 1 Is it possible ? I cried; wild with exfite- rhent. Oh ' how fortunite ! Ah, my dew HfriendjteH Cm Uyonkiaow.' !li ' Not w.-Mocsiehr- Ftedrie. I mast not j toll you What F khow W her confessor and I diteteor, but I will'Wrth you all that I haw a "righttb felL ' Aterl ft is short bit temblr fiistmy. /v. 1 - wai. ttobjr -many year? before I came here I bad a cure on tbe othsr siis of tbe j mountains, Wto among my parishioners v« a famny hf farmms eallei Flaubert. The I hisad of it- was k : Widow' woman, who farawd | sTUttlC freehold with great ability and kset- 1 ntes, tod Itept too house with strict economy. I 8heIiad two stos and -their wives onder her j tool. " - - "The bide took after hrr, was pnriem, ISBorious. aod married ayoang woman vtj M a piece Of land and a hit of money, w was alto a managing worn in She had w ohildren,r ao& to mete. Tbe other wai w« a young man spoiled early in life by w phyCal gifts. He was of colossal size, ye» could totf lita a deer and dance like a wb> kfi rate ahot, a poacher, sud the chanipw® i wrcsoer ox vne anvnes. reucou, -- 'ckBto toc' ' cbamptcn" even in his on j famfiy, aod they were prond of him three | four ton to a year, when he brought boms i I priree lrom the fairs ; Hie rest of the »m I ( they blUshed for him. This young a"1' 1 wife wan a person you could uot | ! remark.- Her figure was stately and e«, i her carrikge graceful. As to bet faMi ' 1 not the bloom of youth and beauty www | ifluminfi# that Xovdy piotare. | of peasant life and the hot sun of | had tanned her neok and arms, and a a» | contented ' nsind» whSch never looked «» I f ktototofiesr comfort; btol -embittered her W | ffhre; itemetnber thte toeo then a deep 1 j Crbsied hcw forehead, and he cheeks I f tolloyv, comtored 1 with that plump 9 Jiiid htothrtet Wws not smooth eoUn®B"f I teat. Bnt now I think Of it, herju I f though teroWn vrith cxposnre, were shapJj I lahd novuke apeasact/and her ey««J 8 f eyhhrews wore Ifeatly sriperb, I headaod fito wetowbite and smooth as iwu I FWj IcanXaetheiWreehatthis P\etBr®T I I like her in the flower of her yonth. Wjg I to «fid b rfore, when I first saw h« B h was hardSndhy labour, bronzed by thesw | witherto, as I now learn, by a ftehet a v®"" fl I and aotned by infidelity. I i ' Tke Fiiubferi family lived a I p league item toe village, and I saw » I I of Michel abCut more tbau on0®', 1 T!pClcA tohter/ Her appeawtrce | were so striking that X- «k4e inqtnties » „tki 1 I l w Oh I the fair peasant f tod w®1 - | countess r.|afc? her saprior j and thoy tolfl e ihFaFt dioght'es of a" Boglan I because ehtmaru?fi jofe. T&ey; gte plenty ®- fetalis, audi . jU would e mile if yoa hoard the volgai joaiBnofis taoh.narwlor oonstJriioled on hw own story, wbieh, nevertheless, was romantic eooogb. « fhe widow and her eldest daughter attended uias, and I conversed with them. Ta due course I asked the wldjw.if she bud v t. another daughter-in-law. "» The two women looked, at eaoh other and shrugged their shoulders. " Yes, I have, sir,' said the widow, " to my mlefdrtoue." < Shall I not see ber at mass?" < «Lst us hope, nyt ; f it she would only come to yawn or to mock. She Is a pagan, I bcil.eve, auiuug.ber other qaalisieo " ' " Perhaps she attends to the home while on . ' . - TOO are 0Ufc : . "She attend to the homer And both women laughed heartily! at the idea—ha heartily that the yo anger thought it necessary to make an apology. The elder chimed in. and said, in the Bly way of a ProveL?al peasant, If her outside has iuierestjd M le CarA I can give him a picture of her at this moment. She is sitting over my fire, burning her petticoat, with her hands lolling by her Bides, making useless embroidery, or else in a pure reverie. As for ber household occupation, she is either letting the pot boil over or get cold, I could not swear which ; but 'tis one or t'other." Of course I obecked there remarks, and lectured upon Christian charity My dit- couree was received with re-ptolful eilenoe, Lut my bearers seemed turned into wood. Sma days after this I was caught in a heavy rtiin, and the nearest shelter was tile farm bouse of the Flauberte. I. knocked at the door, no notice was taken ; I knocked again, a lix hi fo tetep, and the door was opeaed by Madame Michel. She did not receive ma hospitably. She said, in broad Proves si, " There is nobody in the house.'1 and she held the door in her band. Then I tried her in French. 44 Madame," said I, < I am wet through, and if I could, without incommoding you — « " Do me the honour to come in," eaid she, with perfect accent - and the mo-st graceful courtesy. She seated meby the fire, acJ ws entered into conversation. L believe we conversed about trifles, and I could not help admiring her grace and courtesy and the Fuach language, the language of politeness, which had at once recalled ber to. ber native good breeding. She spoke it . exquisitely , notwithstanding toe-little use she now made of it, , ' 'I forget all our small., talk; ; but I remember at last that she fixed her eyes loll opon mine and said ; " Monsieur, why did you speak to me in French ?" . 1 ' I answered her honestly, and with some emotion : " Because, madam, I know your story from others ' (ber pale cheek coloured at that. 41 and, to be quite frank, -I came here hoping by my advice and authority to make matters smoother and -more pleasant in this house.1' : \ . 1 ' You would but waste your time," eaid she. " These people' bate me with. uli their hearts, and I despise them with all my eouL Matters are oome to such a pitch that we endure each other only because we are about to part. My husband is heir to a small -sum of money, and be has pnrohaeed a cottage and a few acres that are sold very cheap, belonging to an emigre We shall do very well when we are alone." ' " You have my best wishes," eaid' I ; " but I am afraid yon are too ixttle accustomed to the hard life of a working farmer ; and even your husband has never learned to dig and mow and iabour like his brother ; his tastes appear to be for pastimes and games and— ' " You need not mince the matter/ said she ; " he is lazy, and, worse slid, he is -fond of drinking and gambling. Bat it is ail hip mother's fault, with .her weak, indulgence.; aod now she encourages him to desert his home out of hier jealousy of me. : Opce X get h:m awav from this vile woman he will Bfcav bedde me, and lead an honest, industrious life, as I shall for hie eake." ' I knew Michel was hardened in his ill hafcite, and that love oonld not convert : him with ut religion. I, thought jjfc ;.my duty , it q tell her so. The woman -froze directly,. -and wbeo I urged my views she encountered pie with all the cold infidehty .and s$$u£ of ibis ur.happy age. She was armed at all points by iiessieurj Yolnej, D'Alcmberfc, Yolfcaire, aod others, and by her own self- cpnfidenee. Sj 1 told her I would not argue with her /but pray for her. ; ' " Do you believe prayers are heard?" said Ehe, ironically. ' ' I tuld her I thought earnest prayers were always heard, and sometimes granted. "'Well/5 said she, "the most earnest prayer I ever heard was when my own father cureed me and my husband WillGod grant that?' ' " Not against your souls," said I. 1 She shrugged her ahonlders, as much as to eay the exception was of very little value ; and I left the house defeated and sad,' ' And I answer for it you kept your word aod prayed for this perverse creature,' said my uncle. ' With all my heart and soul,' replied the cure. .... Be continued ; ' i he next time I saw her was one evening ; toe woole family was there bxqept Michel. They all received me in a friendly manner, aod gave me the place of honour at a long table, about which they were all seatea, picking the shoots out of some damaged wheat for their own use. ' The_ eldest eon entertained me with a volubledbcourseaboutlhe markets, tbepriqeof grain ; and all the time Michel's wife eat .with her feet at the fire, and her artne folded, and ber head a gainst the wall, inan attitude of ilsety disdain. v, ! M - . - . presently there was wlusjble heard iu the yard, and she started up, all animation. ; ' There he ie ! ' she cried, -and darted cuit of the doer. S,;e soon returned with " Iqb ohBtopiou,'' who greeted us $11, in a/Xond, jovial voice, with blunt civility. Daughter in-law," eaid her mother, serve your husband." 'Then she cut an enormous alloc of bread, a ladled a Urge basinful ql poop out of the fekcuteiae/and soup k ! i?' lBa,4 be- .Xhis; wqa not paid harshly / U 4o up dirciotly. i f, 5 she pried, fftrhins .ijcwatpa h r pbnoxiousdaaghter-iii-jdw. " fa i wbman car reach your 1 a.q not learn to keep her : man's eoup 1 ooqies hpme we t and hnngry ? ' L r«k yoiing woman just turned two eyes. hpon her, and said. "It's |.,ncMjr> - biew if , Michel does not Cim plain. Then I, to make peace, said I , feared that I was the parson in fault; fori bad i moved the pot a little to warm my feet. y "e Obampiyn— 'a good-huaioared fellow at bottom - Btoppsd me, and said, 4 Don t itt s make a mount jin of a mole hill. Th aqup a very go id if it is a little cold, and it's to a Wirm- place any way and with <m. ehovelled it rapidly down hie throat, i " worst of it is," said he/ " that; my feet are wet through with the sno wand the slueh and he took off a pair of enormous shoes and threw, them ronghly towards his wife, and said, «' There, wife, put all that right for me/ 1 The dqnghter of the Marquis de Grouey took her peasant lord's shoes, bowed her head meekly over, tbem, scraped the clay from them with a pieoe of stick, then>wiped them with a damp cloth, then put some hot cinders inside, shook them out again, and brought the shoes to her master. He re ceived them without a word of thanks. This gave ma Borne p∈, and I soon after took my leave. Michel's wife, remembering, I sup pose, the habits of her youth, accompanied me to the fend of- the court that lay before the door. . I took this opportunity of saying that since she had learned to humble herself before a man, and do the duty of a wife bo meekly, I LI sure she would; some day learn to humble h rself before God, who abaseth the proud and liftelh up the lowly. ' What think yon was the answer I re ceived from this keen spirit, nursed upon the wit of Messieurs Yolney, D'Alembert, and Voltaire? ' Monsieur," eayB she, 4' there are cura who can only talk religion; there are some who oan also talk reason ; you are one of the happy few who can talk reason if you ohoo.se, for you have been a man of the world. If it is all the, same to you, pray, when yon do me the bononr to cob verse with me, ddn't talk religion j talk sensB.'; ; ; r ;1; I oongent, madame'," said I, sorrow- fully j " but you must permit me to pray for you.'' / About a "fortnigbf after this I met the champioiL. ; He was going to a neigbb During fair/dressed in his Suniia clothes. I asked him ifke was guingto cohpbte for the prize for Wrestling; as usual. He said,'" Ho ; tliis time it's more serious/ My mother has : at l&st; paid me th e eighthand red francs Bhe has long promised me, and l am goiog to buy a cot?Age and a bit of emig anl'e land — house :and furmr There my wife and I shall keep house alone The' tenth is, Monsieur ie Gore" said he, ? that the' women can't agree at home ; .my mother, despises my wife, and my wife hates my mother. We shall do better anart." - -'£ had: my .doubtB: onthkt pcunb, and thought both husband and wife- equally unfitted for the iabonr and self r denial that lay bore them; hut I kept that to myself, and all iL did was to warn this confident young man against the temptations of the fair. . : " - .. - f : 4 " Have no fear," said he ; md went away full ofsbuoyant confidence, vi 'That ?ey evening he called at /my bouse, pale and agitated, and told are. : a-: different-: tale. He - had been . induced te - gmble for a enroll asm, in order, he eaid, to buy hie wife a gold ehain ; he had loitit, and his wild endeavours to -recover it by the tame unlikely means had thrown away hie little fortune. One virtue toe- poet fellow bad— filial reverence; : He told'- use with tears in his eyes of ali his mother's goodness and eelf denial, and be eaid that L Jli. j. -u a v i it a v . i a tie Qomuirs lacs uer ana ieu ner ne o&a; wasted in a day what had cost- her four years to save. He spoke: of . leaving the couatry, and begged me to-oarry ber his penitence and shames I said/ " My- son, iqi do . better ; I will- take yba- to her, and show you the depth of a mother's loVs-'l' 1 Well, at lastlprevailfcdoohimtocotne with me to the houae, but he coatdn't be induetd to come in nniii I.ii&d; made his confeseion for .him; As .T -expected, the mother sⅈ : " Poor foolish boy l Jdst.tell him to cotne in snppsr; his mother's arms ehall not be closed xo him."; : So I brought him in. The others recei ved bim ia grim silence, but the: old: woman merely said ; " Why, Michel, it's a pity you had not more sense, but 'tis your own money you <hava lost/ and no one else has a right to complain. The house is always opetr tb you." -Then, finding his: wife , dead: silent and terribly pale, he went to her to snake his peace with her, but ehe etarted back from him and eaid : 44 Don't you oome near me, you vile prodigal and madman. > Vou've con demned me to live all my life with these people, who hate me, and I hate them with ,MI my heart." : As an outrageoas quarrel was clearly impending, I withdrew ; bnt something— I know not what — induced me to wait at a ijtile distance, and pray forthe peace of -this- iiL-assorted : coople. :A1&b4; I -had better have .stayed, for, as I learad from the others,1 that angry wife reproached him and- taunted: him in her fury Hll he actually raieed his hage hand asL etruok her on toe face. 4 She was stunned at fcrst, - 1 heard, but soon uttered a wild cry of anguish and frenzy, and catching jnp, with a woman's strange intent, some embroidery ehe had been work- j ing upon, Ehe turned round and cursed them : aU. .: - :r ' - :/' ,/ «« Bot on your dunghill, all of you 1 ' she eried, and tore, open the door and dashed oat. 1 v ' Theny the old woman cried : '4 Mind, Michel, itoe will disgrace you 1" and he 'dashed after her/ - - " Unlackily, ehe etumbled over tometliitig id the" yard, and I saw thb ewiit-fopted champion overtake her and eeize her, and drag her back toward, the. houae. She screamed, she struggled in vain ; but at last, by a furioUa effoitj She haU freed lwlf lor thn strr e Hie man' on the hrvasi. AS ftiww wu-- .tbllete. ' ' ' " - 1 To my surprise the giant uttsred a cry . of dismay, and staeVed away from her, and Durst headlong Inti the house. To be sure, the blow was furious, but it was only a woman's hand that struck, and X saw no wcapm in that hand. Ai f'r ber, she rushed the other way, and I think would have pasB/d me without notice, but that I "nft-to.1 an ejaculation of pity and concerc ; tb' n she ft tpped and glared at me, and I rnujit tell y/u that I then ncdced something which Monsieur de Poatarlais has already drawn attention to— the whites - of her eyeB showed themselves to me in the m onlight with a strange and, I may A thrr avn»/-ao« - M tk A . sion of some infuriated Will animal. ''He Btruk me !" she cried. ' He 66r uck me ! the woman who gave up. all for him and braved a father's curse; My corse and my father's be on him and all his brood 1" With that she darted past me and dis: appeared. After a moment's hesitation I felt it my duty to enter the house and make some sort ofndeavoar, however hopeless, so repair the mischief; indeed, I wa3 prepared to nse all the authority my office gavQ me, and take part with great severity against thi3 ruffian and all the rest who, by their animosity, had paved the way for this abominable outrage. 4 Weil, I went in at the open door ; I found the champion leaning with his back again ?t the wall, rolling his eyes as if in pain and groaning loudly. , The situation seemed to amuse his brother ; at lea3fc, that person was jeering him for not being able to bring his wife back by force. " You'll win no moie "prizes for wrestling at the fair." 4 44 No," said the colossus ; 41 I'm done for and wi.h that, still groaning, beseemed to sink half down by the wall, and his hands grasped wildly at his breast. 4 Then I looked, and saw something that began to give ma a te rib.e miggivisg. Being in his gala dress, he had on a white shirt, and in ths tnicdie of his ample bosom was something that had first looked like a very large stud or breastpin made of mother-of- pearl. \- 4 Bound this thing was a thin circle of red, fine as a hair, and this red circle I saw enlarging. My experience in the army told me how serious this was, and I oried, V Silence ! the man la stabbed, and is bleed ing internally." As these words, left my lips, the pior champion sunk to the gronnd, and gasped cut once more, 44 Je sw's un homme perdu." In a moment they were all around him, and, after a few hurried words, with his mother '8 consent I took on me . to draw the weapon out from the wound. It was an instrument ladies used in. that day for embroidery. I think they opened a pas -age lor the needle with it. The whole instrument was sot four inches long, and the steel portion ,qf it scarcely three inches ; but a woman's hand had driven is home so keenly that evt n a portion of the handle had entered the wound. When I withdrew this insignificant hut fatal weapon, the champion gave a sigh of relief. He then ceased to bleed inward y, but immediately the blood spatted and poured out of him through that small aperture. All attempts to staunch it were vain, and, indeed, were useless, for his fate was to bleed- to death, either inwardly with pain or outwardly without pain. I told them all that very gravely, and as tenderly as I could. . Then . toe poor wretches burst out into imprecations on the woman that had brohght him to that. Then I.pat on for the first time the authority of the Church. I took out my crucifix, and ordered them all, even the mother who bore him, from the room. That grand body, so full of blood,, of strength, and youth, log resisted toe fatal drain, and God gave me tune to do His work. The dyiug man con fessed his sins ; he owned the -justice of this latal blow, tiace ha had raised his hand against; the weak creature he had vowed to protect and cherish ; he blessed his mother and his brother, and forgave his wife. Then I nave him absolution with all mv heart and Conscience/ and hie died in. peace.- 4 Ah, my Liends, who that had seen this could pride himself on youth and superior strength ? Here was the champion of all those parte lying qh his own floor, surronhded /by the jugs and muga and plates he bad won by conquering the other Bampsohs 'of toe district, felled by a woman's hand armed with a bare bodkin. -y -I spare you, /my. friends, tht mother's agony and all the sorrow of the house — sorrow that didb't soften toe hatred/arid that you cannot wonder at. They yset ths emissaries of jastice upon the Culprit's track, and she was easily found, for no sooner did she hear the fatal news than she gave herself up to ihe law. She was tried at Marseilles, and it's a wonder to me that my good friend here does not remember that trial, for it caused no little sensation at the time. The friends of toe deceased, and the mother Especially, urged thn prosecution with the utmost bitterness; The old woman, indeed , said that nothing could console her for the loss- of her son but to eee the murderess's bead "roll in. the basket of the executioner. I was at toe trial, and I remember little of it except the few words spoken by th9 accused ; . those words seem. somehow graven in my memory. She wore a peasant s dress, bnt her demeanour was that, of a noble ; she was depressed, but dignified and- patient j never interrupted, and nevar.: complained. -When lier xime bame to speak in her /defence, ehe Xia.::: ;, : v\/ - \\. y 44 Citizens, the public accuser has told you I killed my husband, and that/ alas 1 is too true ; but he has" told you I killed him maliciously, and there, he is quite mistaken. My husband was. my sib I gave up father, friends, rank, wealth," everything for him, and I IcVSnfdi dearly. He gate ine a bitter provocation, and I reproached him cruelly ! Then he struck me barbarously ' What did I do? Didl.seUe some deadly weapon &nd; Strike him in return ? -Hp. I jiierely fled ; and if be had let me e«cape/ Ibis calamity .would never have qocurted. . But bA.oebght hib, and . seiis pd; as/ dicagging me back to a" house wh€re : eVexy jmah and woman was my enemy. My passion was great, I admit, but my fear was greater, and |n fear I struck, not malice. Did l seek some ; deadly weapon ? No ; I struof him with i what we a to my hand, soaroely knowing at f/j-rt4 =T.ni,irr "" " | toe time - what was in j»y hand I »evetoatwhIliferek uvbVpoitoHnfif hteei thby pmmSfto make matters equal With some' eagbn/ But oan you call thatpunyinstrument of woman's art a weapon? Was ever, a strong toan slain with such a thing before? My husband died by toe finger of God; Twav the "unhappy instruaoent; an i l am his truest tooutoer and shall mourn him when All else have for gotten him. Bvaq his mother bas another son, but he was my aU in this wVrJd/ I say there things because they are the truth, not to arert punishment. How oan yon punish me? Imprisonment cannot add te my miseiy, and death would end it. Then fore I ask no mercy; be just." Before these words, and their eai and noble delivery, the charge of wilful h-micide dissolved away. The nrisoner wxa nmidcmno < to two years' seolusioo in a religious house. 4 1 visited there many times, and found her a changed woman. Her heart was broken and ooatnla ; she wept for hours together, ana in time she fohni eonsolation. Great was no w hsr humility. When she regained her liberty I became her director. The penance I icfl cted was — -obscurity For many years she has gained her own living under another name, and never revealed toe story of her life. Some people say with asnser, 44 The greater the sinner, the greater the saint. Bat there is trnto in it. Men oan go on sinning within certain bounds ail their lives, and not feel themselves sinners ; but when they commit a crims, the world helps them to undeceive tbemselveB, and penitence enters when self-deception retires; That criminal has long been a truly pious woman, humblv, industrious, faithful, self denying, and fall of Christian charity.' Oa earth she Is obscure by choice ; hut Rethinks her seat will be high in heaven.' The good curb's words" melted us all ; and now we all desired to kno w her In her humble condition and alleviate her lot. But thecar4 would not hear of it 1 No ' said he. 4 This is a secret of the confessional. She is vowed to obscurity, and Ehe must persevsre to- the end. But if you, Monsieur ae Irontarlais, oan forgive her the pain toe onee caused you, that would be a bomfort to her.' 4 Ah, poor soul, with all my heart,' cried he, and put his handkerchief to his eyes. After this narrative and these reflections, we none of us felt disposed for small talk and we soon retired to bed, all bat the" good cu:e, who was summoned hastily to Catherine's bedaide by Suzon. That night the house seemed to me strangely unquie\ - I was awakened several times' by hurrying to and fro. But sleep soon - comes again to careless youth. In the morning I found Sukon in tears, and my uncle himself very sad : the faithful Caiherine was dead. . - After breakfast the eurfe "requested us to witness the Offioial dooutnent he had to prepare on that melancholy oocasion. He handed it to us with this remark : 4 The con fessional baa no Secrets now.'- Judge toy surprise when I read these words; Died, the lQsh day of July, 1821, of general prostration, I eae de Grouey, widow of Michel Flaubert.' My uncle took the picture down. 4 1 prefer, said be, 4 to thiak of my poor: Catherine as she was.' I was of the same mind. But when my dear unole died, and it became my own, I hung it again in a room I frequented but little. Lately, in the decline of my own life, drawing near to that place where beautiful souls should be highest, I had given the once- loved picture a place of honour; Being so strange a reminiscence of my yoath. I think sometimes of poor Catherine viewing her own picture with such grace, " dignity, and pious humility ; and 1 expect to find that white robed saint mire beautiful by far than toe picture which ao fascinated me. The above excellent story appears in a voiutne by the late .Gharles Rsade, entitled 4 Short Stories -of Men and "Oiber Animals,' a special Australian edition of which has been published and is on sale by George Bobertson and Co., Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide. — Ed IF. T. 