MISCELLANY. X Ghost In thti I>ay ot Tho barrest of rebellion hsd fjee.u r;J on the field and on the gallows. The harvests of Cheshire bed bueri garnered ; geese feestod amid the blc : the aftermath wa mown and .?talk ed ; tijejx/Uteesdug-r/n Ite/irdon . 1 . .. \ir. . . f vuu iiu/ATi UUIB u 11 wj S£7»:;i<i'A the vUlajre iwts % beevh tak vwe dropping fast end hmru mthso ti he precincts of the Ochlandc ; Jecres — yclloir, rod, brown — hnng lanp opoa the trees, or, crisp and tear, Uttered the pathnnji, anil dririuj; h<£txx Hht wind, tapped at the windowaof the tyrus whose toaster, rittiu oloae 1 1 lut fireside, had a something layjlsig at his breast, just as the f tares tapped on the panes— and consrieuee was the driving wind. Walking taooiSj i)is'X%£j his own meadow that afternoon, he had looked over the hedge, where ct tkhted Wood Lane, to rebuke aotue thSdreo who were rouzblr teariuz &<mu the brambles to gather ripe Usrishurise. He knew them for the younger ribUdrtn of Barnes, the weaver; in t ta liuxT midst stood a white-heodel urchin some two years old, who Itoied up at him with his book with Viae ayes, and a taoutli nil vtsiued with the fruit. That face was haunting him as be sat by the lire nt eventide, with his took of philosophy unread — ait until the tars/a rose, and tho tats eante out and fiapped against the caseineal louder than the leaves. Why did it haunt him ki ? " Such a child might hare beta Syhilla's had she home one?— jtnd fhty called it Too/," whispered conKaenef. "Gerard has nut returned. I hare neither friend u or child hy ta y hearth. Jliglit I not hare had child and grand child both, had 1 heeu room forgiringr' And so conscience tapped, as there be sat, tiie shadows deeptiing arearsd lrim the curtain undrawn, no caudles lit. In the bright kitchin, Drools sat ta state in her blue camlet gown and farthingale, directing the maids, who were busy sorting damsons for wine, picking stray leaves from eUerlories, and preparing tire erening ineal- iuii, with a dog at his feet, and a red hand- kerchief oicr ins Head, sal dozing tying lire. Candles in tall tnalrganT tdrer- moinitcd candlesticks stood unladed on a waiter, with snuffers and trey tj their side, " Strange, master Iras not nt a% for his candles," siiidone. "Hush!" ezriaimed another in a frightened whisper.. " There it is again ! Don't yon hear it?" ' Hear it! Tire dog heard it, and .Joth heard it and wakened op ; and Ursula beard it, and clasping hor hands, uttored a pious ejaculation in hor four. " God savo us nil ! thoro it is again ; Miss Sybilla's wliool going hard nnd fast, and bor door looked, and hor faraway." " Ay, it bo Miss" Sybilla's wliool, sure onoof," put in Josb. " What bo oop ?" \- "An this bo th' third toimo wo'n hoarod it," cried n girl. " Snmmat's lmpponcd to th' young missnB, an' yon's bor ghoast I" said Josh in an orncnlnr whispor. Tho musical hum of tho wliool was cortainly clear nnd distinct as a song. Silonco foil on tha wluto-fnccd listcnors. " I wonder if master hoars it I" asked one, bolow bar breath. " Master, ho scorns to bear nowt, now adays," mnttorcd tho old man. A boll rang. " There's master ringing for bis candles," cried Ursula. But no ono stirred. And still was hoard tbo monotonous lmm-m-in-m. Again rnng tho library boll. In fear three maids togotlior threaded tho passages witli tho liglitod candles. No thing was to bo hoard at tho library door, and no oho dared speak of Sybilla's opinning-wheel to tlioir mastor. Tho sorvnnts wsro afraid to go about tho bouso alono, or pass tho door of tho dosortod room on thoir way to bod, for tbo drono of tbo wbcol did not coaso. And it drovo sloop from tlioir pillows. Mr. Vonnblos used tbo othor otairs, nnd hoard nothing more than what ho took for tho sighing of tho wind. Night by night tbo sound was hoard ; only on tho Sabbaths was it silent. Humour went abroad that tbo bouso was haunted. Tho timid maids at length rotnsod to pass tha doors of Sy- billn's rooms on their way to bed, aud Ursula was no more courageous. Tlioy proforrod sleeping us best tlioy could on t&blos; and settles in tho kitchon ; Ursula took possession of a guost- chamhor near Iter master's ; Josh re sumed bis abnndonedjquartors abovo tbo otablos. Only Mr. Vonnblhs, ocoupiod with liis own thoughts, wnlkod about in un- alnrmod ignorance ; yot oven ho was conscious of n mysterious something in tho air of his housoliold and of tbo villngo i and bo bognii to speculate wny Gorard did not return. Now nnd ngnin bo oncountorcd tbo samo littlo follow in tho lanes with otborfl poorly clad, bo stopped and stroke tho ohild's whits bead, and gave him a silvor groat. But bo only wont book to bio solitary boartb more moody and oilont. And still from twilight nntil dawn tbo whool was licanl to liuin-m-m ; and svhispois wont abroad of a mystorioiiB figure liko Miss Hybilln (always Miss Sybilla) seen in tho dim light to flit undor tbo dark shadows of yows and ororgrcons nnd ovor tho bridge, and to carry a bundlo with hor, as sho mast liavo dono wbon sho (led. Tboro was only ono opinion, tbnt sbo was dead, and bcr unquiet spirit could not rest — unforgivon. "\Yitli tbo coining of Dcoombor camo Bqnira Gorard. In ovory lino of bis molnnclioly faco Ytas seon disappointment. Ho sat down in liis old place, op posite to Mr. Vonablos, wearily. Ho thought bo saw a look of oxpeota- tion in tho old man's faco, and lio noted that his hair bad bocomo white as snow. " I havo no tidings. No ono boaring tbo namo of either Fnrnivnl or Vonablos bad beon heard of in Snow Hill. I tried Boutliwork, whither tho prisoners find boon removed, thinking alio might liavo followed hop unfortunate husband ; but (hongli I hoard of a poor, torn-down wretch, wbo bad shrioked oat ' Hugli ' as tko prisoners wore driven on board tbo transport, I could find no traco of bor, high or low ; nnd I fear wo novor Bhnll. God bolp bcr I" With bis bond bent low, his hands WWVIIOOU1IIO nuuvo) AM., V euuuiko bad listened in silonco. But Gorard saw bis sliouldors lionvo, nnd bis wbolo framo convulso with strong emotion. Gorard mado no slay. As JobIi wont with bim to open and secure tbo outor gato, lio told in awc-strickon tonos bow tbo bouso was haunted, and tbo sorvants afraid to atay. " Master hcord tbo wbcol bimsoT Inst wook ; but bo swore somo on ub woor playin' him a trick, and only Inst night as was bo nnilod up til' door as shuts off tbom rooms, and with liis own bands, whilo til' varry wbcol wcr buzzing \- its loadost. Ho Baid lio'd silctico tho spinner , no incKs sooum oo pinycu iu bis bonso. But lor,' Squiro, th' wliocl wont on just th' samo." Gorard rodo away thoughtfully. Ho was not without a tingo of tho snpor- stition of the timo ; and wlint lio bad bonrd but confirmed liis fears that bis dcarly-lovcd Sybilla was no more. Tbo morning, crisp and kocn, saw bim onco more at tbo Onklands. Ho found tho ownor in tha grounds giving orders tor tlio lining np or a gap in tbo liodgo time separated the meadow from Wood Lane, and looking haggard, thongh comnoBod. Thoy strolled togctbor by tbo wotor- sido, talking of vnrioils mattors ; but no sooner wore tboy out of earshot than Gorard adverted to tlio rumour lie bad board. " A dastardly trick, sir," oriod tlio old gentleman, through tlio ashon pallor of bis lips. . " It was a sorry timo nnd a sorry jost to play on a childless man. But I'vo silonced tho whool ; tboro was no spinning last night." " But, sir — " What further Gorard would havo said was oat short. A littlo bluo-oyod child, coining through the gap in tlio bodge, ran across tbo meadow to moot thorn, followed at a distanco by Barnes, tbo wonvcr. " What oo dono wi' my mammy, grand-dad ? Mammy ; 'at turn' to 'pin I What oo dono wi' mammy?" almost shrioked the littlo follow between bis sobs. Gorard gazed at tho child, and tbon at Mr. Venablos, wbo scorned struck dumb aB a stntun. " I want my mammy !" began tlio child again. " Mrs, Farnivol, Mostor," explained Barnos apologetically, as he caine op, 1 she cam' opp hero to spin i' th' noiglit- toimo t' keep licrBen an' th' little ubap nn, wo lunula scon bor sin—" A liosrso cry burst from tho old man. Flinging hie arms wildly in tho air, lio rushed over tlio bridge, and tbrougb the court-yard, towards tlio bouso. But Gorard was beforo biui, armed witli a gardenor's pick bo bad caught up by tbo way. At tlio voiy book of tho splintered door tboy foaml Sybilla prostrato with hunger, cold, oxlinuHtion, aud despair. For the first timo Gerard's arms on- foldod bor, and bo bore bor swiftly to tlio warmth and jlifo bolow, insonsiblo, but living. KiBSOS from littlo lips did almost as mncb as Ursula's cordials to restore hor. Sbo oponod hor oyes to seo Tom on hor father's knoo ; to foci hor hand within that fatiior's olasp ; to hoar bis forvont " Thank God I sho revives 1 1 liavo not killed my darling!" And, as in a dream, a soothing sonso of homo, forgivonoss, peace, stolo into bor soul, though bor eyelids droppod ngnin. 