'f UNITED' IRELAND ' s AND THE:; PRINCE.! j - ?. ?,.',?? .? ;:v. ,??01- 'WALES.; ,---:..;; .i--..^'i!iX;Vn;rnV : The ; issue , of the national organ .to which .? our Dubliii correspondent this' week 'draws particular : attention is, certainly a most remarkable ' speci men of ', jpiirnalistic ingenuity and,, patriotic, fervour. United Ireland, of April 11, : is ; al most: entirely devoted to comments and des criptions— from a purely national point of ; viewr cjf the Royal: visit to Dublin; and even the most, prejudiced reader of William O'Brien's paper, .cannot refuse . to acknowledge ? the wonderful', skill with which the popular editor has performed ?_ . - . - ..-.. ... ? ? a ? -1.1 what lie considers to be : his patriotic duty,. 1 in showing Irish opinion and Irish feeling in their true light.. The 'supplement,' of. .which our; -Dublin correspondent speaks is . perfectly unique in its way. The whole four large pages: ' (about the , same size as the Evening News), of the supplement; and more than a page of -.the body of the-; paper are taken - up with' opinions' on the Prince's ivisit^all having, the one unf avour-; able;tone, and expressing the same .strong senti liients. The following, under the heading/rPlain : Words for the Prince,' forms: an; introduction to 'the unparalleled mass of; opinion, lay and cleri cal' :— .-.:;\M:: I i :.'i;: : ' : - ^ ? ^O ?, Tho' the Saxon snake unfold . i At thy, feet his scales of gold, ' i . And vow thee love untold; ' ' ..,. i : ' Trust him not, Green Land ! : ' '/ : - ?-. '???'? '' ,?'.'? ' .?????? ;' ' : ''''?''?' — B. D. Williams. i We present the public to-day with, perhaps, the most remarkable assemblage of individual and corporate opinions ever collected in a. single news paper. : They embody the views -concerning the Prince of Wales's visit of every representative-body and of almost every individual in '? the country whose opinion carries weight with his countrymen. In the whole three southern provinces of, Ireland only four representative bodies, siich!as.they are —the Kingstown and Bray Town Commissioners, the Sligo Corporation, and the Mallow Town Commissioners will approach the Prince with ad dresses. The Corporations of Dublin, Cprk- Limeriok, Waterford, -Clonmel, Kilkenny, Wex ford, and Drogheda, ; eighty-four Boards of Town Commissioners, and about 160 Boards of Poor Law 'Guardians determined to ; stand aloof in silence. We thought it would be interesting tc penetrate the silence of this great' mass of Irish opinion and to ascertain beyond yea or nay what is passing in the minds of representative Irish men, individually and collectively, upon the sub ject. We, therefore, dispatched circulars to every Irishman we conld think of who by position or election could assume to command popular confi dence, requesting him' to favour us briefly and candidly with his opinion. . Circulars were sent to the Parliamentary representatives of the people, to their Clergy, to every Mayor, Chairman of Town Commissioners or Chairman of Poor-Law Board, to elected Guardian or Town Councillor, and to each of the 800 branches of the National League in every corner of the country/represent ing close upon two hundred thousand members. The result is the wonderful collection of opinions we attempt to reproduce to-day. By the light of opinions placed on reeord in black and white in these pages, under their own hands,; by almost every man in Ireland with the. smallest legal or natural title to speak the mind ;of; the people,' it will be easy enough to .discount the'pretehsioris of the nondescript ; ' Citizens' Committees' who will have the hardihood to, palm off their creepy flatteries as the Nation's, after .hearing the .uni- versal roar of Irish ..public opinion to which we are enabled to give utterance to-day. THE IRISHTIiEADER. . , . You ask for my views regarding the visit of the : Prince of Wales. In replyl desire to, say thairif; the usages of the Constitution existed in Ireland as they do in England; there would, in my . judg-, ment, be no inconsistency in those who believe iri,1 the limited monarchy as the best form of gov.ern-' ment taking a suitable part in the reception of '( the Prince. But in view- of ' the fact ?? that ' the1 Constitution has never been administered in Ire land according to its spirit and precedents ; that the power of the Crown, as wielded by Earl Spencer and other Viceroys, is despotic and unlimited to the last degree ; and thatyin the present instance, the Royal Personage is to be used by the two English political parties in Ireland for the pur pose of injuring and insulting the Irish National Party, and of impeding, if possible, their work — I fail to see upon what ground it can be claimed from any lover of constitutional government under a limited monarchy that the Prince is en titled to a reception from ; the independent and patriotic people of Ireland, or to any recognition save from the garrison of officials, landowners, and place-hunters, who fatten upon the poverty and misfortunes of the country. Let me suggest a parallel — Would it be tolerated in England for. a moment, if the Government; for their own party purposes, upon the eve of a general election, were to use the Prince of Wales as an electioneer ing agent in any section, of the country, and were to sond him on a Royal progress in order to em barrass their political opponents ? The^breach of constitutional privilege becomes, still, graver when we. consider that it ,: is the march of a nation which is now; sought to, be impeded, ithe fruition; of a long struggle and of many sacrifices which*, the adventitious aid of this Royal visit is enlisted to injure. I have, however, every confidence that our people,' having been suitably forewarned^' will not allow their hospitable natures, and cor dial disposition 'to carry' ;them into any attitude which might be taken as' one of condonation for the past or satisfaction with the present state of affairs. : ' ?' ; : ? ? -; 'Charles S. Parnell. THE- ARCHBISHOP OP CASHHL. ? ? ? i ??.-?'?? 1 ' I I'jji !.,?'. The Palace, Thurles, ? ' '' Easter Monday. I am clearly of opinion that their Royal High nesses, the Prince and Princess of Wales, should be courteously received by all classes of persons during their approaching visit to Ireland. Were they coming amongst us to restore our consti tutional rights ;; to 'demolish ;'Dublin Castle; to put an end to Orange ascendancy and Freemasons' rule; and, above all, to in augurate an Irish Parliament in College green, we' should joyously strew flowers on their path, and literally fill the air with the echoes, of their name. But coming, as we are regretfully forced to think they do; on' no such' ennobling or berie-, ficent mission, and indeed for no clearly-defiried or useful purpose whatever, they caii reasonably ex pect nothing froiii the oppressed people of Ireland ?.biitfa'dignifie'd' reserve arid' «;the^ charity 'of' their'1 ?-. sWc^jy1'^^ I. ^ ^ t TiTtVi-CBOKEy'Arciibishop of iCashel^/h'l ' . :^ ; ,.t ,; .;, ,::v, ' | The.foilowirigis.a portion! of a powerful article V {' dedicatedtb the Prince' without permission/' ?'? '?} '?- j May ifc^pleaseyyour Rby^iHigh'ness '.(pr,^ta1be^:'} quite plainV whether; it' please you or rio)rr-we pur-, - pose to offer; - you, as ' the 'only- gift ? which i lrish^ ' piib^c; ;. opinion ' win' p_er^ some hints' which may enable y©ur ^: eyes' ^to pierce- :; the fair-seeming mirage of servility, hypberisy; a.nd ^' mendacity: 'which .will1: be :', 'kept;- .carefully '.;jprea.jd:'i' ?arpurid. you .duringr your, ;time:iri.; Ireland. -liYp.ti; ; landed at Kingstown amidst the boom of cannori '-;?-} flags : in : all the 'loyal' colours fluttering : as' they' '.' tnight' do 'in ,' England; tiers, of . women , in. the.'. height of the -fashion -beaming-down 'upon' ypxi-; from their reserved seats ; loyahsts bawling them-[r selvjes £black in, ;the^ j;face arou^.fyou^ejvjsnf jtBa^ orthodox little bourgeois Chairman of Town Com missioners in waiting on his bended knees with the orthodox little dutiful address ; and it may have struck you that the whole, thing could not, have been neater if it were in the bosom' of a' ' happy,, English shire.: Psha ! The only thing genuine in' the entire show was the police ar rangements ; the only thing really respected, the cold steel. Were your Royal Highness to call off your troops and official bludgeonmen for one short hour, the gay reserved seats on the Carlisle Pier would, have been to torn matchwood, the ?flags would have been iri flitters, and the Chairman of Town Commissioners and his ad dress would have been 'gently dipped in the green sea wave. Whenever that .Chairman of .Town/ Commissioners meets his constituents he will be' hunted from public life' 3 for J 'snaking hands with your xtoyai ? xugnness, anu wjo.eu.ever me buiibu thousands who sulked in- yonder town while the bands were playing and theguns thundering shall get. their, say, they, will change the name of their ! town, by way of public atonement for that scene, . andwill cart away as ari eyesore and. a nuisance the ' column : which ' commemorates ' where .your ^ illustrious relative, ?George' ! the Fourth,1' left the last impress of -his ? sainted shoe-leather. Of course, your. Royal 'Highness,s is. tpo..shrewd a man t6/be:-f6r-«a'mbnierit ?bambb'6zled^by^:the:lfib that Earl Spencer bundled himself away out of sight, after seeing you landed, in order to beln j time to mix you a steaming jorum on- your arrival at the Castle. That,' in 'the language of the poet, was only meant for circulation among the Mounted Marines. May it please ? your Royal Highness, Earl Spencer bolted '-from' the public gaze because all the Queen's horses and all the* Queen's men could not stifle the execrations which would have resounded in your august ears, if you had given his red beard the^ hospitality of your carriage. The ghosts of murderedmen would have appeared around you. The miasma of Castle infamy ' would ^ have enveloped you as with a clammy garment* You and he would have been hooted through the festive streets, and all the brass lungs of all the massed bands in your mother's service would not have drowned that sombre music of a nation's hate. ; ' But,' your Royal Highness will argue, ' I passed through streets of prosperous houses, and there . were flags flapping merrily wherever ;-I turned rny eyes, and there were ever so. many people in the streets, and nobody said anything., unpleasant, and there were really, a respectable number of people, who cheered like lunatics.' Quite so ; the, , route and the lunatics were stage, properties. The lunatics were not as daft aa they looked.,,.. They -were exploiting you as they exploited Sir. Stafford Northcote last yearT^becausef^ypu are the most serviceable instrumeri.tr at |harid; to revive .their drooping faction. You ..are-, the Orange lily they .wear.,. in their buttorihbles'to flout their fellow-couri^ry-': men. . If you were coming here .. with 'a message of peac'e/i for .Ireland . they.', would, iboycott ', you as, t blithely, as they, did Earl Spencer's levee last-year, 9-f.ter he interrupted them in /their policy; of .'argu-jj merit by revolver. If the ^atipriaUsts^would turn:', to cheering you, ^h'ese.;,pe6ple :w:buid( sulk- back /to,'* . their lodges and, burse ypu. They shouted ribt^oV'' you but. at Mr. Pafnell. .' The Irisli 'people look; , on with equanimity, wishirig you personally no ill, knowing that not a; single representative of theirs . in Parliament, Corporation, Church, or boardroom gives a cblpiu- of Natiprial assent to the indignity, and feeling that ihe true character of your wel come could riot be better Refined than by the gang; of unruly Trinity College striplings who swaggered through the streets singing. ' God Save the Queen'* as their fathers decked' King William's statue with Orange ribbons. A glance through our supplement to-day will be the all-sufficient antidote to the vapourings of the Orange Press. But should your Royal Highnesses '' over- zealous friends proceed to take it for granted that because they do not groan you through the streets and beeause they let those who i wish to cheer you cheer you in peace, the Irish people forget for one moment the system of plunder, depopulation, coercion, and degradation of which the , foreign .pageant in Dublin is the insolent,. signboard,., then we shall afford your ! Royal; Highness .during. your stay an opportunity of !, contrasting ! the cheering power of the ' loyal ! minority' 'with .how a' hundred thousand pairs o£ [Irish lungs shout the, name of Parnell, and we will enable you to judge which makes the more ; memorable music — a band of Trinity College lads screaming 'God Save the Queen!' or an Irish Nation melodiously thundering ' God Sare. Ire larid I' in your royal ears. 