THE NOVELIST. [THE RIGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED.] SEATS DELIGHTS A STORY, BY CHARLES GIBBON, Author of "Robin Gray," "For Lack of "Gold," "In Honour Bound." "The " Braes of Yarrow" " The Golden Shaft," " By Mead and Stream." c, &c.; CHAPTER III. ARRANGEMENTS. The old coach road from Aberdeen to the south passed the foot of Craig- Ness Avenue. It was called an avenue, although it was little more than an ordinary farm bye-road, indented with deep ruts made by east wheels, and bordered by straggling clumps of trees. Within two hundred yards of the house, however, there was a white gate, which opened upon a trimly kept carriage way which had on each side a wall of hawthorn hedge, broken at intervals by green and rowan trees. At the front of the main entrance to the house there was a large gravel space, sufficient to allow two carriages to turn and pass each other. The gravel ended in a carefully trimmed lawn, fringed with flower beds, in which there was always bloom and colour of some kind. Around this was a forest of gooseberry and currant bushes, and the strawberry beds which lay farther afield were extensive and productive, much to the joy of the young folks about Craigness, who every year had a good feed of the delicious fruit, notwithstanding Mistress Babbie's energetic manufacture of jam for, home use and the benefit of the friends of the house. The house itself was a simple square white-washed building with climbing roses reaching to, the eaves of the roof, supported by a cherry tree at the corner where Craigie had started a new wing, which was more extensive than the original establishment, [it had been formerly the house of a small farmer, and consequently the barn and stables stood close to the rear of the house, There was great bustle at Craigness House' when a carriage drawn by two spirited horses drove up to the door. Milly, who was still with Craigie, rushed to the window and looked out. " That's papa," she said gleefully. " I do hope he has nobody with him it seems such a long time since I saw him, and it will be so dreadful to play ' propriety.' No ; he is alone, thank goodness ; he has jumped out and shut the door." "jumped out," growled Craigie; " ah, his time for the gout hasn't come yet, and besides he's a thin-blooded sow! that will maybe escape the devil altogether." Sir George entered the room, accompanied by Mistress Babble. He was a tall man, slim of build, and stooped a little, which detracted somewhat from his height. His brown hair, streaked with white, was so thick that his head looked like a mop. He had mutton-chop whiskers, carefully trimmed; his lips and chin were cleanly shaved. off was, in fact, the embodiment of respectability, and it was the ambition of his life to be associated with poole of title, whilst in his general inter- course he desired to be considered a man of genial humour. His age was a few years short of three score. " Down again, Craigie," he said pleasantly, as he advanced and shook hands, with his partner. "This is ridiculous, man, when I wanted you to join us in celebrating Milly's birth- day, which comes off next week. Don't you know that she will be twenty-one on Wednesday ?" Craigie groaned, and turned his face to the wall. 4 " As if I could forget it ! But you were aye a thoughtless loon, Geordie, and my day of suffering will not be long now. So I can put up with ye. Whatna frock are you bringing to Dunlarigthis time?" " People you would have been pleasd to meet people of distinction in society, and one of them is likely to create a stir in our neighbourhood." '" You mean the chap who is known as Drummond Wardlaw." "Oh, you have heard about his claim then I understood that it was at present quite sub- rosa " (how proudly he gave off that hackneyed phrase.) " Ay, I have heard about the chiefs but I would like you to take care, Geordie-you might make a mistake." I have examined all the papers," said Sir George decisively and a little irritably, as if he were annoyed by the incredulity of his partner. I am satisfied that he is the right man, and I I am ready to back my conviction by spending every penny I possess on the result." Craigie sat bolt upright on the couch with eyes staring wide at his friend ; then, he resumed his recumbent position and with an accent of hopeless ness said "Ay, ay, Geordie, you were a wil fal bairn, and you are a still more wilful man. You'll have your own way though rain should come of it. I am too far gone to struggle with you, but for the Lord's sake make that poor lassie, Milly, sure of enough to give her bread and butter before it is too late," :., Sir George laughed heartily as he playfully patted the head of his ad astonished. " You are not right to-day, Craigie," he said jocularly. " Either you have not had your ' two hours' Or it has not agreed with you. Cheer up, man. ; there is a lot of good work before you yet." " Maybe, maybe," muttered Craigie, going off into one of his abstracted soliloquies, " but I would like to see that bairn safe. I ken and you know that things went wrong enough with her Hatherton, Lord, what r and talking about? I will not be able to go to Duolarig this season, is and that's enough. But Geordie, Geordie, take care what you are doing." - dir George spoke to his afflicted friend with all the gentle consideration which is given to a sick child. as Never you heed, Craigie, we shall keep your room ready, and as soon as you are able to move I'll send over for you. I am to take Milly away with me ; but that, I hope, will only make you the more eager to get well, so that 1 she may cause you in the ghost room * the sole right of publishing " Heart's Delight " in Australia has been purchased by the Proprietors of the West Australian, of ' of Dunlarig. You know the secret of it, for it was young Gordon who insisted upon tracing the steps of the ghost to its lair (where he found nothing and you went with him." " I mind, I mind," groaned Craigie, " what is the use of bringing these things up to me at this time ?" Sir George was patient and good humoured with the fretful invalid ; but was apparently glad to make the excuse that he was obliged to hurry back to town as his friends were waiting for him. One question he asked carelessly before going. " Did you know that Milly was out at the Craigness Point to-day ?" " What ! Do you think I would have allowed her to go there by her lane ? What do you mean ?" " It's all right now, Craigie, but we were frightened when we saw her from the yacht. And I supposed it was Gordon who took her back. He is a daring fellow. I hope he may not be too daring." The last words were muttered to himself, and were apparently not intended for the ears of his friend. " He's a fine lad, a fine lad. Better than you or me, Geordie, better than you or me," continued Craigie, as he turned uneasily on his couch. "You think too much of him, Craigie, and if you keep on praising him I shall begin to wish the fellow at the back of' beyond. Now good-bye. I suppose Milly is ready by this time. I shall send over tomorrow to see how you are, and shall be over myself in a day or two." Sir George was quite pleasant in his way of taking leave, and, Craigie did not notice the line on his brow which betokened ulterior thoughts. That line became more marked and decidedly unpleasant, as he walked with bowed head to the drawingroom. There Milly was waiting for him, her toilet being composed of a hat flung on her head, and a shawl hung over her arm. He was glad to find that Mistress Babble was absent she had serious business on her conscience in regard to her season's preserves, which had been neglected in order to run out after Milly, and a very bad state she found them in when she returned to them. Sir George laid one hand on his daughter's shoulder, and with the other he turned her face towards the window so that the light fell upon it, and he could note every change of expression. " Milly, my lass, you gave me a great fright today. I want you to try to be more thoughtful and careful. You know that of all the people in world, you are the dearest to me; you really should not cause me pain without necessity, as you did to-day." She flung her arms round his neck. " Papa, I didn't mean to frighten you, but I see that it was thought- less, and there, you good old kind Pappy, I shall be a good girl, and won't do anything wrong again. But, you know, Kenneth was behind me. " Ah. Kenneth is very attentive. I want to speak to him. You had better go and say good-bye to Craigie, and tell Gordon that he want to see him here." Sir George paced the room slowly with his hands clasped behind him LU uttering to himself as if he were much disturbed in mind. When Gordon entered he took his place on the hearthrug and looked at the young man inquiringly. " I was told that you wanted to see me, Sir George," said Kenneth, carelessly moving towards one of the windows, where he saw the carriage prepared for the departure of Milly. " That is so, Kenneth, I do want to see you and to speak to you very seriously. Can you guess what it is about?" Kenneth looked straight in his face, and examined him from head to foot. "Yes," he said with subdued emotion, "you are going to speak about Miss about your daughter." | Sir George nodded his head in a kindly way, with an evident intention to keep up his character of being a genial fellow. " You are a clever lad, Kenneth, and you'll make your way in the world. I have no doubt of it, and I hope to I hope to be able to help you. That gives me the confidence that I feel in you Now, shall I speak from my confidence or shall I speak as a man who has a treasure to preserve ?" " Speak from your confidence, Sir George," said Kenneth still looking at the carriage which was waiting. "You are a good lad, thank you. The treasure I want preserved is my daughter. You understand me, I have seen that you are fond of her I believe she is fond of you, but there is no difficulty in your being able to comprehend that I have notions about her future in which you cannot take a share. I ask you to help me by endeavouring to control whatever feeling you may have for her, or by keeping away from Dunlarig altogether. I don't think it possible that you will oppose me in this matter, but I want now at this moment to have a distinct understanding that you come to my house without any thought of my daughter, or that you do not come at all." " Then I do not come at all," were the words Sir George heard as the door closed. CHAPTER IV. PLAIN SPEAKING. When Kenneth quitted the apart- ment in this abrupt fashion, there was a resentful flash in Sir George's eyes. He had not meant to part with him in anger ; therefore it must not be. He had too much knowledge of human nature not to know that the thing forbidden is precisely what is most desired, and the attainment of it is endowed by imagination with exaggerated merit. Kenneth was just the sort of man who would take the; view of what Sir George considered his very kindly and proper warning that he had distinct views for his daughter's future with which he could not allow him to interfere And Milly was just the girl who might be driven by opposition to do things which she had never intended to do. " Nuisance," muttered Sir George," I should never have allowed him to come about the house so much. But the thing is done, and we must man- age somehow to steer through the breakers Kenneth Gordon must be my friend as well as hers." His decision was a shrewd one, and prompt to act upon it he rang the servant who answered the bell. The summons was directed to find Mr Gordon. "Tell him that he, has forgotten something, dM t would-be obliged ^ if he would favour me with a few minutes' further conversation," Politeness was one of the arts which the genial knight had carefully practised in his business, social and public career, with all men and women, whether they were his inferiors, equals, or superiors in position. He found it pay. Kenneth had hurried out into the extensive grounds in the rear of the house, where he intended to walk off his agitation and excitement before he attempted to decide whether or not, in defiance of his father's wish, he should desire to see Milly before she left Craigness, in order to tell her what had happened. But he no sooner felt on his cheeks the cool breeze, laden with the refreshing flavor of the sea than he regretted having acted with so much impatience. He was headstrong and impulsively resentful of any word or act which seemed to him unjust. This passionate nature was too little under his control, and sometimes caused him to blunder into injustice similar to that which he desired to resist. He was a ward of his failing, and was eager to correct it. To help him in this wise effort he possessed that most valuable of all degrees of courage the courage that lifts a man above the false shame which renders it so difficult to say " I have done wrong. I am sorry." So, when the Knight of Dunlarig's message was delivered to him, he did not hesitate to retrace his steps on the instant. "You are right, Sir George," he said, as he entered the room, with a frankness which gave dignity to his speech and bearing. " I did forget something forgot my manners and the respect which is your due. I beg your pardon, and ask you to find some excuse for me by considering the effect which you must have known your words would have upon me." The speech was as many as it was frank, and untinctured by a drop of servility or of the pride which apes humility. Sir George was unprepared for this kind of salutation. He expected that if Kenneth returned at all, it would be with defiant or sullen looks, ready to defend himself on every point of difference raised by their recent conversation. He had, therefore, assumed the condescending air of one who, with just reason, feeling himself aggrieved, is ready in the goodness of his own nature to overlook the rudeness due to youth and inexperience, and to give him some paternal advice. Here, however, was no paternal advice required for there came a man strong enough to acknowledge a mistake, and so putting condescension out of court at once. Hemson, well, Gordon, I think we had better say no more about that," Sir George began at last, attempting to regain the position he had lost, and still to be considered a genial soul. " As you see that the an-we'll say your way of taking me up so short was not what you ought to have done, and as you own it, why that's all right. Now I want to let you see that I mean to be as generous as you." " I would rather nothing more was said about it," interrupted Kenneth, striving hard to keep down the outward expression of emotion which he felt was again overmastering him. " Yes, yes, I understand ; but I want to own a fault likewise of fault it may be called-when I think you misapprehend me." as In what, Sir." .' Well, there is no doubt I expressed myself badly that is my admission. You excuse it." *' Sir George Kerr needs no excuse ; since he is generally understood to be particularly clear in what he says." " Do not flatter, my young friend, do not not flatter." Sir George drew himself up as if conscious that there could be no flattery in admitting that he had the gift of language-" gift of, the gab" the townfolk called it, and he was pleased with that homely way of indicating his powers He never suspected that there was any satire in the praise undeserved. "There is no flattery attended," was the calm answer and again the good knight was unsuspicious of the satire. " Pery well, very well ; let that pass. You must learn why I particularly called you back. It was to explain that my tongue outran my mean- ing when it suggested that you were not to come to Dunlarig at all unless you could regard my daughter only as a friend. That was not my meaning not exactly my meaning." " Then what did you mean ?" inquired Kenneth bluntly. " I will be plain with you, Kenneth, for, as I said, I believe you to be a lad of sense as well as a lad of mettle, you cannot suppose that I would speak so frankly to anyone else of your age on such a subject." " I appreciate the distinction and thank you, Sir George." " And so you ought," the knight went on, whilst he was thinking " what a lucifer of conceit the beggar is" " So you ought, for there are people who value my good word. I give it to you freely. Now, I should be sorry that my daughter and I should lose such an old friend as you are, and by no means wish to play the part of the cruel father, and forbid you the house. That is nonsense, as you know and I know. When a couple of young fools make up their minds, the old fools get bowled! out one way or another. Co up and see us by all means, and forget on the instant any union sidered words I may have uttered a little while, ago. Do you promise?" I will try to forget them since you command me to do so. " That's right ; that's right. But I wish further to appeal to you as a gentleman of honour. Would it be right of you to take advantage of your position as an old friend to in veigle the poor girl into any arrangement which would, or could, or might interfere with her advancement in life ?" " Certainly not. " " I was sure you would see it precisely in my way as soon as it was properly explained to you. Therefore, as we are agreed upon that point, I want you to come up to the shooting as usual. We are to have first-rate sport this year," Kenneth looked him straight in the face for a moment, and then spoke with measured accents-not bitterly or I defiantly, but measured, as if he wished that every sound should penetrate the rear, area wake a sharp impress idea qd the mind. " I am cities, Sir George, thäfcyoor kindness, if not you will pardon me- | if not your policy, induces you id gave this invitation in opposition to your own feeling and judgment." " You are a young man, Mr. Gor- don," Sir George interrupted sharply, " and young men are proverbially inclined to despise their elders. But I can scarcely believe that you mean to insult me by telling me that I do not know my own mind." Kenneth shook his head deprecating ly and sadly enough. " No, no, no-the last thought of mine would be to cause you annoyance by word or act if it can be avoided, But there are feelings, Sir George which are beyond our control. Your desire to arrange your daughter's future as you think will be best for her is natural and right. But it is neither if the arrangement you propose is to mar her happiness. My thoughts about her- whatever may be my future-no effort of mine and no command of yours can alter. *' Tut, tut, man," exclaimed the knight with good-natured impatience. "I am only asking you not to do anything to mar her happiness and if you care for her as you would have me to think, you would not hesitate an in- stant to pledge yourself on that point," " Ay, I will pledge myself never even to think of doing anything which could cause her a moment's pain or one regretful thought." " That is all I require and so you accept my invitation ?" Before Kenneth could reply Milly herself entered, ready for her journey, having said good-bye to all her friends except Kenneth. Observing the change of expression on his face, as well as that on her father's, she halted without closing the door. " Are you busy," she asked uneasily. " Shall I go back and wait with Craigie for a little ?" " Oh no, child," said the father in his most genial way. " Come in and help me to overcome the ill-humour of this stubborn fellow, Kenneth. Here have' I been trying to persuade him to come to the shooting as usual, in order to show our new guests what real work on the moors and mountains is-he knows I can't do it my- self and there he stands humming having as if I had been a dentist and wanting to take his tooth out." "What?" ejaculated Milly in a amazement, smiles making sunshine on her face when she found her father in such good humour with Gordon.. " Surely he must have made some fine engagement elsewhere, when he hesitates to come to us." "Ah, I never thought of that," commented the knight in his playful way. Is it so, Kenneth ; have you some other engagement ?" " I have no other engagement," replied Kenneth with an emphasis which conveyed to Sir George with perfect clearness the double meaning of his words. Then turning to the daugh- ter-" Do you wish me to visit Dun daring, Miss Kerr ?" " Of course I do," she answered brightly ; " whatever my father wishes I wish." Poor Kenneth ! -he found in her words a double meaning which was of evil omen, although he knew that she was unconscious of it. " Then I shall be with you, and will do my best to show off Dunlarig Moors to advantage." "That's settled," said Sir George briskly, and as if relieved of a trouble- some business, adding suggestively to Kenneth, " and I count upon you keeping your engagement with me. Now Milly, we must be off, or we shall never catch the afternoon train. I have said good-bye to Craigie, and here is Miss Pittendrigh to see us off." Miss Bobbie entered at that moment, with much bustle and many apologies for heaping them waiting. Kenneth followed the party down to the carriage, and his heavy heart gave a light ' bound as he felt the pressure of Milly's hand, and heard her say "I am glad we shall see you so Boon." That made the carriage seem to his eyes to drive away in a blaze of sun- light. But the darkness fell as it dis- appeared in the hollow. The pressure of a kindly hand on his shoulders aroused him from a reverie, in which the hopes, inspired by her words and bright eyes, struggled with difficulty to dispel the gloom cast over him by her father's injunction. " What ails you today, Kenneth ?" said the shrill but kindly voice of Mistress Babbie. " Are you not well, lad ?" " Oh, quite well, quite well, Mistress Babbie, thank you." " You are not looking it. But come your ways an I have a crack with Craigie. He has been asking for you, and you'll maybe cheer up the other. I am doubting the arrival of Sir George has not brought a heap of pleasure co either of you." " How could he bring pleasure to us when he has taken her away ?" he answered with a forced laugh. " But never mind, he has left you with us, and that's a comfort." Mistress Bobbie did not look as if the compliment pleased her. She looked pityingly at him, and shook her head gravely. " A. good phrase is while thrown away, and you should never cast it to folk that do not care for it. Ay, Ay, lad, I am feared it will be a case of "could sail in Aberdeen " with you, and I wish you would take heed in time." She touched the quick of his own thoughts, and deep gloom was on his face when he entered Craigie's room. To be continued. Ele RE in Australia we cannot imagine how wonderfully popular the tricycle is throughout other parts of the globe. In the ranks of the devotees of the three-wheeler may be found representation of every class, amongst whom are to. M. the Queen, the Princess Beatrice, the Empress of Austria and family, the King of Siam, the Emperor of Morocco, in fact, with but few exceptions, the tricycle has found its way into every Royal and Imperial court in the world. The favourite machine, this Prince of Wales and all the above Royal personages, is manufactured by the Coventry Machinists Company, Limited, makers of the Club bicycles and tricycles, these colonial head offices are in connection with the MELBOURNE SPORTS DEPOT, Little Colins street East; Melbourne. 