NEW SOUTH WALES POLITICIANS. ' Maxt people,' said an American writer, ' have been dead for years, and have not yet found it out.' This epigram was once applied to a poli tician, formerly very prominent in the Congress at Washington, who continued to haunt the Capitol long after his day of greatness was past, and who assumed airs of superiority over a new genera tion, which hardly knew him even by name. The words, however, might apply with equal force to Sir Henry Parkes, formerly Premier of New South Wales, and now known to the public chiefly as a soured and disap pointed man, whose influence has almost passed away, and who vents his spleen on those who will no longer serve him. Politically he seems to be dead, and though for such as he there sometimes comes a wonderful resurrection, his chance of again assuming power is of the very smallest. Like a ghost he haunts tlie scene of his former triumphs, but bis rofe is that of a spiteful and vexatious goblin ; and he appears never to be so happy as when he can cause annoyance to tnow; wno, uuukc uiiu self, are still in the flesh. If the object of Sir Henry Parkes in his late proceedings was to make him self disagreeable, at once to the Par liament and the Colony, he must be congratulated upon his success. Nearly a year ago the ex-Premier retired from the Assembly in wrath and dis gust He shook from his feet the dust of an unrighteous House, and left Par liament to get on as bi-st it could with out bis aid. Sat be was anxious it should be known that he quitted the Legislature solely because his moral ] being revolted at what he heard and saw there ; he left it as Lot left Sodom, and, lite the patriarch of old, he might have I remained had ten righteous men been . rVdnd to keep him company ; but he feared to be demoralised by longer asso ciation, with members who were utterly ? devoid of patriotism and principle. On the 3rd of November, Sir Henry Parkes, i enacting the part of Saul, took bis place among the prophets, and issued an ad dress to his constituents at Tenterfield, which purported to be his farewell to political life, and which raised a storm of indignation amongst his opponents. There was certainly much in it that was calculated to provoke any but the meekest politicians, and as these are generally weeded out by a process of natural selection, at an early stage of their parliamentary career, there were few men in the House who were pre pared to accept, in a Christian spirit, the criticism levelled at them. One sentence in this philippic, which was marked out for special condemnation, ran as follows : — 'In the present Parliament, political character has almost disappeared tram the proceedings of the Legislative Assembly, and personal objects, to pat the matter in the mildest form, have, to a large extent, absorbed that kind of consideration which has taken the place of deliberation and legiti mate debate. I bare seen «m«w'M» suns of public money voted away by private pressure and bargaining, in the face of the openly avowed convictions of numbers so pUantly yielding up their conscience. Even if I had strength, and a disposition for tins kind of parliamentary warfare, I am not prepared to waste the remnant of life which remains to me in contending against such forces.' Tiprp was. nf rnnrw- no scone for action against the author of tins manifesto. It was not consistent with the dignity of Parliament to pass impotent censures upon a private citizen, and as Sir Henry's remarks were general in char acter, no member could take pro ceedings on his own account. So the ex-Premier was left unmolested in his peaceful retirement, and bad he been wise he would have remained there to this day. His period of usefulness was past; his friends had mostly fallen away; and of his former popularity scarcely a vestige remained. But cir cumstances induced him to reconsider his decision, and ultimately he re-entered the House as member for Argyle, there by showing that, on one point at least, he failed to comprehend bis position. He had been dead for some time, but he did not know it As might have been anticipated his re-appearance hi the House has been the signal for an outburst of wrath from the men whom he had maligned. The Premier, in bringing Sir Henry Parkes' address under the notice of the As sembly, translated its words into such unmistakeable Smrlish as showed that he, at least, was fully sensible of the grossness of the insult levelled at the Legislature. The voting away of sums of money ' by private pressure and bargaining '' be described as imply ing 'a state of corruption so wide spread and irremediable that the hon. member was compelled to re tire from Parliament to escape the responsibility of such infamy,' and he demanded with bitter irony why Sir Henrv had seen fit to return to these evil associations. But the member for Argyle was equal to the occasion, and querulously regretted that the Premier should have so far forgotten the dignity of his position as to bring the matter before the House. He improved upon Sir Alexander Stuart's measured phra seology by alluding to the conduct of the Government as 'scandalous log rolling/' and assured his hearers that the words complained of had not been written under any sudden impulse, but calmly and deliberately. He grew pathetic over the defects of his early education, and bis failings as an ex ponent of the English language, and plainly implied that only the scantiness of bis vocabulary had prevented him from using even stronger terms than those quoted, lu brief, he defied the august Assembly, which presumed to sit in judgment on his words and actions, and after a peroration in which he had much to say about the freedom of debate, and tlie independence of Parliament, he turned his back on the Honse and retired. He returned, how ever, towards the close of the debate, seemingly for the purpose of stating with renewed emphasis, tluvt be snapped bis fingers at the Honse, and lest, there should be any room for doubt or miscon ception, he repeated the assertion twice, and suited the action to the word. The debate which took place daring his temporary absence was fierce and acrimonious. The Premier moved a formal vote of censure, and under cover of this motion every member proceeded to disinter his own pet scandal, and hold it up to public view. Mr. Baker, of Milburn Creek fame, once more passed in review all tie details of the unsavoury episode with which his name has become associated ; Mr. Buchanan de nounced the Assembly as a sink of corruption ; and Mr. B. B. Smith levelled a specific charge of bribery at one of his opponents, and being re»Nf»d to order, explained, by way of apology, that be had used the words only in a hypothetical sense — a definition worthy of the Pickwick Club. For Sir Henry Parkes personally no one appealed to care in the least, but his case afforded a safety-valve for violence and abuse, anditwaEmadeuseoftotheutmost. The reasoning powers of the Assembly were apparently weak, but their language was strong enough to compensate for this defect Ultimately the rote of censure was carried by a majority of four only, a result which the Opposition hailed as tantamount to an acquittal, and Sir Henry re-entered, to execute, metaphorically speaking, a pa* ecul of triumph on the floor of the House. A motion for his expulsion received hardly even a passing notice, the Government having no desire to press the matter, and the House then adjourned. The effect of these proceedings will morale of the Assembly; neither are they likely to degrade it, for a Parlia ment which endures the daily presence of Messrs. M'EHhone and Taylor cannot sink much lower. Its deliberations have degenerated into a course of per sonal insult, and the Legislature has reached something approaching the level of a Polish Diet, ',in its utter dis regard of the courtesies, and even decencies, of debate. This conduct cannot fail to bring representative in stitutions into contempt, and will cause men of high standing and character to shun the equivocal honour of serving their country amid such unpleasant sur roundings. The remedy lies, not with the House itself, but with the country. Let electors cease the practice of Epnflinj; blatant demagogues to repiesent them, and the Parliament of New South Wales will soon lose the bad name it has acquired, and become once more worthy of the great colony which it is its privi lege to govern. 