REVIE W. INSPIRATION NOT THE GOOUND OF OUR FAITr. A sermon preached at the Congregational Church, Davey-stroet, Hobart, on Sunday evening, the 30th August, 1885, by the Rev. Geo. Clarke. Tasmania-Hobart, J. Walch and Sons; Launceston, Walch Bros. and Birchall. The above excellent sermon was evi dently suggested by the discussions which have recently taken place in Hobart. We thoroughly endorse Mr. Clarke's opinion that no possible good can result from such wordy encounters. The text is taken from 2 Peter, i. chapter, 21st verse-" Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost "-the object of the sermon being to consider the fact of inspiration as brought before us in the Bible, to indicate the principles involved, and the line of thought to be pursued if we wish to reach any satisfactory conclusions, and not to lay down any hard and fast definition of what inspiration is in itself. At the outset of the sermon Mr. Clarke wisely contends that the question is not to be settled by the use of mere intellectual power. It is very largely concerned with moral considerations. There must be earnestness, sincerity, moral sensibility-a dishonest and frivolous heart is a great hindrance in the search for truth. A man who really loves truth and goodness is drawn towards them as by a magnetic power, wherever he may find them, what ever form they may wear. The author as strenuously contends that any theory of inspiration should be a final inference after careful study of the Bible, and not a first assumption. Manypreachers greatly err on this point; and proceed on the assumption that every word and letter inside the two covers of the Bible is of equal authority and importance. They miss the point so ably put by another writer on this question as to the difference between two seemingly alike statements The Bible is the word of God," and "The word of God is in the Bible." The first statement, however, means that all the books and words contained in the Bible are God's words, including all that Satan and bad men said. The other statement means that God's words are in the Bible, embedded there as the gold in the midst of quartz, and the work of the Iminer and refiner is to separate between the two. Widen your outworks as in the first statement and you are vulnerable along the whole line; retire within the second and you can hold the fort against all comers. Hence Mr. Clarke cogently ob serves:-" If you tell me that'Ecclesi astos' and the ' Song of Solomon' have no right to their place within theose covers it affects them, dut does not touch the rest of the sacred books." Assuredly not. A man may have very good title deeds for all his properties, but there may be mixed up with them other papers, not bearing upon the titles at all; if these are taken away the rest are not injured thereby. Mr. Clarke wisely urges that in this question the structure of the Bible and the progressive character of the revelations should be clearly kept in view. It really spreads itself over many centuries and ages and was given by holy men who lived far apart, and were of varied degrees of culture. The divine thoughts come through men and bear in part their indi vidual impress. The Bible is a growth of thought and feeling and moral improve ment, words given to children in the begin inug, and wiser words spoken to men as the race grew in age and titness to hoar them. The men who came out of Egypt were not fitted for the teachings of Isaiah, nor the men of Isaiah's time fitted for the teaching of Christ and his apostles. Things once permitted because of ignorance are now altogether wrong. The author distinctly urges another point, which all wise students of the ques tion know to be of special importance, that we should never overlook the fact that the Bible is a revelation of moral and spiritual truth. It speaks with authority on these .points only; scientific truths belong not to.its special sphere. The latter subjects are spoken of in the then current phraseology, and in many cases such as we still employ. Men are greatly unwise who insist upon the scientific accuracy of all Scripture references to the planetary bodies. .Mr. Clarke truly says: " Facts are against it on every page, and you can take up no position more fatal to the interests of Christianity." He contends that it was Cabin who set up a theory of mechanical infallibility for the Bible as against the infallibility claimed for the Church, and both are alike wrong. We are glad to find our author commending so heartily the pamphlet of the Rev. J. Mf. Wilson, head master of Clifton College, upon this subject of inspiration; it is a bold, thought ful address. The Bible commends itself to men because they find in it something that touches them, teaches them, saves them, gives comfort, strength, and guidance, helps them to live wisely and rightly, and teaches them how to die hopefully. It brings the Saviour Christ near to us all men thus know the book to be inspired. We can very honestly and earnestly commend Mr. Clarke's sermon as a wise and timely deliverance. 