A RAILWAY GHOST. As thero ia a fihoat in this story, according to all established rules it ought to commenco with 'onoo upon n time,' but as I am some what of an iconoolast, not even Euoh a vener able figure of speech can escspo annihilation at my hands. Lft me ba exact in chronology at loaat. I had been hastily summoned from Cornwall to tho bedaido of a wealthy old undo from whom I had expectations, and aa tho telegram in formed me that ho aonld not survive hiB pre sent attaok of gout, I thought it might be as well for me to be 'in at tho death,' and bo one foggy day in November, 18G0, found mo travelling to Ashbourno, a little, outoftho way place, whore tho oil gentleman lived. Tuero were bat few passengers on tho train, and I had tho comfort of a carriage all to my self. Wo stopped to coal at some littlo way station, whon a 'paaaongor wao hurriedly ushored, or rather banged, into my oompart mont by tho oonduator. Tho stranger waa a tall, thin, middlo-aged man, with a faco lean and withered liko a ahrivolled applo. In a drosa tight- fitting and of an anoient and faded blaok, ho looked liko a man who had run vory rniioh to seed, which perhaps accounted for tho luxuriant growth' of his anno and legs. Observing. hia olothoa steaming with tho damp air, I bogan to realizo that it had suddenly bosomo vory oold. ' Qiito a ohasgo in tho weather,' I ro marked. ' Vory oold tonight, ia it not ?' ' Don't fael tho oold myaolf. Perhaps you would like to ohango places with ruo ; thcra ia no draft herf.' ? T rflnlipd tlatif. T nlinnld lin olnii fn An an it it did not inconvenience him, and accordingly wo ohangod seats. It waa cold, and no mhtake. I must have taken a ohill, for I folt tho ,cold orcoping over mo in a moat unacooutitable manner. Look ing at my oomminion on tho oppoaito seat, on whom tho lamplight now shono full, I aaw that his faco was not so thin nor hia features so withered as I at firot ouppoaed ; and I must have made a miatake as to his ago, for he waa by no means aa old as I had previously judged. How cold it waa, to bo ;eure 1 As I lookod at him, I noticed that his aapeot ohangod momently — that ho was growing younger ; that the wrinkles in his faoo woro filling out and araoothinR down, and thnt ho waa gradually boooming liko fomo ono I had soon boforo. Ao hia oheeka grow round and ruddy, and hia hair changed from gray to brown before my vory oyeB, I became nervous, and endeavoured to cry out, but oould not. I waBparalynad with tho cold — cold that ecemed to mako my limbs rigid and benumb my vitnla, for I saw that tho man Bitting before mo waa no longer a stringer — no inora friond or acquaintance — ho had become mo I I held up my hands to try to Bhut out tho night, and, as I did so, bo that thoy ??? withered, and thin, and old. I v , nero to my blow, to eco if T ? ' ^n-aaed them found it Bhrive.!V . . wero dreaming, and I And then T ' ' oUu, and Beamed, and puokerod. had ff ??' i Know that this man — this lisnd — ir J uolen my body, and given ma hiB. Maddened with tho discovery, I roBO to ray leot— his feet— whioh tottered boncath mo, and I struok wildly at tho viaion of myself on tho o'tlior oeo.t. But I found my iwrnn light aa vapor, for thoy paeBed ovor his body, which went through thorn, giving mo tho irn.ireBbion of pain. It waa a body of ahado tbat hadbeon given mo for my own body of flesh and blood, which thia wrotoh hns etolen. By Bomo noreory or another, wo thad indeed ohanged places. ' Sarooror — domon I ' I oried out, only to hear mynolt Bpeaking with hid sharp, oracked voioo. Whon I saw myself Bitting oppnflito to mo, coolly nddnissiriR ruo in my own voice, I could no longer credit my Ronuas— if, indond, I had any of thorn at all left of my own. ' Daro uay yon think you p.ro speaking loud now,' ho uaid. I nmiworad by ohouliiig for Iho conduotor aa loudly rw I oould. ' Ah, you might cull a good deul louder thiin that. Why, if tho cnrriap,o woro full of pi\si;fcn;!cjru they «ould no more hear you tlmn they could ueo you,' ho continued, cluiuhlini;, und liutowiiig my featurea up into a hidcoiiBly liiinwiniT! iji'in, nuuh an 7 uould nover havo mado thorn nnHiimo. ' You uec, my friend, yourii iB a body of nir, of nhadgw, iiiBeneible, impilpablo to all but myself, just as it waa to a'l hut you when I entered tho carriage. You wish, paihnpa, to know who I am. Woll, two ^?nara uro to night I wa» a pawenger by thifl train. Thero waa a collision with a stupid freight- train, younen, end the result was that several piisscnfjero were injured. Oao of thorn w*s — well, it's no uho mincing matters— tilled on the spot. (Jiito bo. It waa I. Yep, I am what yeu would oall a ghoat, al though wo d) not omH'kr thai ju»t tho correct term among ouraelvea— wo havo better word for it. N:-w I havo told you what I am, you will, doubtloap, h'ko to know what I want. Very good; you shall ceo.' The ghost in' my body then bogan to fool in my pooket?., from whioh ho drow^out my meersohaum, whioh ho filled from my ponoh and lit with one of my matohos. ' Ab,' he proceeded, pufling liko a steam engine, ' you emoko vory good staff— natural leaf an Old Judge ; not a bad mixture, though I prefer a little Cavendish with it myself. Not at all a bad body of yours, either,' he wont on, eyeing tho form in whioh ho was sitting; ' not at all a bad body ; and it fits me to a T, only a little short in tho arms. By the way, I find one of your front teeth a littlo loose, ao don't go and say I did that, when you eromo to yonreolf again ; nnd your nooo is a littlo long for mo, but I dara say it blows none the worae for that.' I shuddered as I saw him tako out my pooket-bandkerohief and uso it on that oheriehed organ of mine. 'Top, I dara say now you feel tho cold a are used to it. I find your body very warm —being hqavior thaa I am acouatomcd.to wear ^but it won't be for long. I require it ' positively for thia night only,' aa you Bay in your play-bills ; and will return it uninjured by tho timo wo get to Ashbourne. By tho bye, let mo bog of you to bo a littlo careful how you throw your arms about bo muoh as you did just no\v; for my body is of a 'moro delicato construction than yours ; and being eo thin in mibstanco, I am afraid you will abate it under tho arm-pits. You will observe, ladies and gontlomon1' he want on, in leoturor'fj styjo, ' that if I tako a lighted match and insert it in the oornor of tbo patient's oye, ho will feel no pain.' Saying thia, my dreadful oompanion proceeded to illustrate his remark by making a diva at my shadowy eyo with a burning matoh. I certainly felt no pain as tho match burned in my head. ?'You will allow, after all you Bee, that my shape has its advantages,' tha ghoat pro ceeded ;- ' but it also has its disadvantages. Try tho pipe now.' I tried to take the pipe — it droppod through my vapory fingers. Ho placed it in my mouth; I could not hold it, nor get a whiff from it. ' Precisely so,' said tho ghost. ' Now, this ia juat what- has orongnt me nero to-night. A great smoker all my life, doing my twelve pipes a day regularly, I have b^on dof unot these two years, and during all that timo I haven't bad a smoke 1 Not a blessed draw. I miss my 'bacca dreadful. Thero is a provision mado for -smokers down with us, you will undor B'and ; but wo aro governed by a Board of Directors, whoso general incapacity equals that of many of your oity boards. Thero is a utook of bodies kept for smokers, so that if you want to enjoy a pipe yon mnat go into orio of tho bodies to get it. But if you will bolieyo me, the supply is ao notori ously ineufficient to meet tho demand that there ia no ohaneo whatever for a new ghoat to get a. Binoko. Whon I entered tho society all tbo bodies wera out in use, and booked for three yearj in advanoo. My name haa been down on tho books for two years, and thero is no chanoo of my getting a body allotted to mo for a twelvemonth. Fanoy two yeara without a smoko I Why, air, tho incompe tence of our Board ia somothing awful. I can only explain tha reason why wo put up with suoh grosB mismanagement m tho other world is beoauso wo hava beoomo bo used to it in thif'. Our constitutions, howover, are boing undermined to that extent that tbo Board has at longth been coerced by popular feeling into pMaintr a measure emnowerini? ghoata to render themselves visiblo to a ninglo individual at a time, in order that they may effeot a ohango of bodies for short poriodB, al ways with the consent of the noraon in ques tion, for tho purpose of indulging in a habit which the directors say they ? oannot, how ever, but oharaotorize as porniaious and in jurious.' Gjorga III. and Georgo Washing, ton, both members of tho Board, opposed the nieoBuro ; thoy, however, were left in a ridicu lously small minority. Under thia now aot, I obtained your body.' ' Yon never had my consent, friond 1 ' I cried. ' It is vulgar to call names, my friond,' tho ghost replied, smoothing my moustacbo with my fingers; 'but you aro trifling. I aakod you to change places with me, and you agreed, ao you rnuat bo well awaro. But, dear me I hero wo aro at Aahbourno ; but, howevor, I must finish my pipe— think of two ycare, and not a blessed draw, my friend 1 ' 