English and Foreign. Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, August 14. WITHOUT any fuss or ceremony, and with a modesty that its worst enemies cannot carp at, the new Royal Colonial Institute, in Northumberland Avenue, was opened on Tuesday. the 11th August. I looked in during the course of the morning and found the staff represented by Mr. Young's courteous assistant, and the fellows and members of the institute repre sented by two gentlemen of my acquaintance, one of them being Mr. C. J. Graham, of Queensland, and the other Dr. Brown, once of New South Wales, and now one of those worthy absentees who make money laboriously in the colonies and spend it cheerfully in England. The new institute is nothing magnifi cent, but of course it is much more convenient and comfortable than the small place at Charing Cross. That the institute is largely used as a house of call I can testify from my per sonal experience. For their small entrance feeandannualsubscription of two guineas, mem* bers will now have the use of writing-rooms, reading-rooms, smoking-rooms, lectures, ana annuaTreports, as before, the difference being that the rooms at their disposal are larger and better furnished. A large portion of the build* ing—some thirty or forty rooms—has been let off to the Government for the temporary use of the Admiralty and War Office, and the re ceipts from this source, lam informed, will more than pay the £1000 odd which represents the ground rent for which the institution it liable until the year 1962. The Gladstone Parliament is at last dead, having died from a green old age, and the electors are kept, for the present moment, hanging between earth and heaven, governed by a Cabinet which owes its position to the good graces of the Opposition, and unoer tain which party will be returned at the general election of November next The Liberals, I suspect, are not quite so cock sure as they were a year ago. Their expectations were then, indeed, quite extravagant, and it was no uncommon thing to hear men who should have known better declaring that hence forth and for ever the Conservatives would never be able to return more than a couple of hundred of members. The Conservatives— that is to say the sober and respectable Conser vatives, who have not yet learned to play Churchillian tricks and to talk unutterable rub* bish about Tory democracy—are not very con fident of the results, although the noisy brasen pot vessels like Randolph Churchill, Ashmead- Bartlett, and Gorst pretend that the country is Tory to the core, and that their lease of office is an annunity to be enjoyed for many years to come. It may be so; but lam not at all sure that the two million new voters will vote for the Liberals, or that the agricultural labourers, uneducated men most of them, to a degree that is a dis grace to both Church and State, will of a sudden desert the old lines to which they have been bound by a sentiment, if not a reality, of serfdom. Meanwhile, both parties are on the war-path, abusing each other, promising things which will never be performed, and Bawling sentimems 50 per cent of which the utterers do not believe in, and can scarcely expect others to accept. There is no cry at present that can be said to be generally accepted. Mr. Chamberlain has suggested the land, but the response is not yet generally taken up. The ferocious attack made by the Standard upon Lord Randolph Churchill has already done its duty as a nine days' wonder, but the influence of it is continually seen in the strongly-pro nounced speeches of the responsible Conserva tives of the country. Old Church and State men who hesitated before, bewildered perhaps and not knowing what to make of the union of the P&rnellites; and Conservatives, were, by the rousing Standard article, brought to their bearings, and have now nailed their colours to the mast. So strongly did the article hit that Sir Frederick Milner elicited letters from Lord Salisbury, Lord Randolph Churchill, and Mr. Parnell, each denying that any treaty had been formed between them. The letters were nevertheless very guarded in their language, asserting most distinctly that there was no written compact or formal understanding of clauses and foolscap, but leaving us all to understand perfectly that there is an un written law nevertheless which at present prevails. August 21. Never was London duller at this time of the year. The prevailing bad times took people of standing out of town long before the usual period, and tho marvellously fine weather which we have enjoyed all the summer gave some excuse for shirking the tropical heat of tho city weeks before the normal date for fashion's hegira. A few wealthy men are always to be found in Clubland from May to November, but even these stanch devotees at the shrine of the Babylon of the Thames, have gone down into the country to assist in the electioneering campaigns of their fathers, br >thers, uncles, and masculine cousins. Between now and late ao-umn we shall be deluged with talk, and the * .vt efflorescence of eloqueuci.—political oratory—which cv m at the present moment is crowding everything else out of the papers, will completely obscure all Other topics of interest. The Marquis of Salisbury, having wound up affairs in Downing-street, left London yester day for the family place at Hatfield. Thence the Prime Minister proceeds to the Chalet Cecil at Dieppe, where he will remain until the blast of the electioneering horn calls him home again. Both sides, Conservatives and Liberals, are straining every nerve for the tight, but the former labour uuder serious disadvantages. They lack money and men. Conservative incomes arc derived largely from land, and landatthe present moment in England is a doubtful investment. As an instance, I might cite a personal experience. A few years ago I remember a farm being offered for sale in Lincolnshire for £6000. It was bought in, none of the bids rising that high. Since then the occupier has laid out £2000 on improvements, reclaiming a large extent of marsh, and pro tecting several extensive meadows from the occa sional inundations caused by a small river which flows through the farm. Last week the property was again put up, but the bids only ran to a little under £2800. Here is proof, were proof needed, of the painful decline in the incomes of those who rely on land as their monetary sheet anchor. And many Conservatives, particularly the great squire class, have no other investments. Liberals, on the contrary, draw their income as a rule from trade ; and, although trade has not been brisk or bright for years, it has not touched the extreme point of depression reached by land. The Conservatives, therefore, at the next electoral fight will be a little han dicapped. Even the hop crops, which in some counties, such as Kent, pay the rents, the rates, the taxes, stock the cellars of the resident gentry, and make luxury possible in the good years, seem to fall under the bad spell of the times. According to this week's reports, the English hop crop for the season will not be one-half what it promised in July. The Kentish farmers are almost despairing. The bad years have pursued them mercilessly, and the garden of England, as their county is called, has been anything but a bed of roses for those most concerned in its position and prospects. Bat to torn from home to foreign matters. To-day public attention is principally directed to Constantinople, where Sir Henry Drum mond Wolff, the English Envoy Plenipo tentiary from the Court of St. James to that of the Porte, has now arrived. Russia, ever ready to take alarm at anything like close friendship between England and Turkey, has replied to the presence of our ambassador at the Golden Horn by promulgating a ukase authorising the issuing of sudden war risk credits on the flat of the Minister of Finance alone, should the Emperor be absent from the capital. In other words, Russia, who sees that a military alliance between England and the Sultan would compel her to fight in Europe as well as in Afghanistan should hostilities break out over the Zulfikar matter, is preparing to act on the instant she wishes it, and without the delay of sending to the Czar, who is likely for some little time yet to be some days' journey from his capital in the fashion ef travelling adopted by his Imperial Majesty. On 'Change the opinion holds good, as it has always held good, that there will be no war, for the simple but very good reason that Russia would be nnable to raise a loan. It is true that "the Colossus of the North" paid the interest on her loan from us, even while we were bom barding Sebastopolf but that was a mere flea bite compared to ncr present indebtedness, and in the event of conflict she would have at once to suspend payment. Other Powers who are looking jealously at onr Constantinople adventures are Germany and Austria, to either of whom the reopening of the Eastern question by any Anglo- Turkish embroglio with Russia would, as Mr. Pepys might nave pat it, be " pretty inconvenient." The Queen's messengers who pass daily between D^wuing.street Md Vienna, Berlin, St. Peters burg, auU Constantinople are therefore busier than they have been fo- months, and the ordi dary roster of leave ha* Wi io bo nearly sus pended. A curious adventure happened to one of our soldiers in the Soudan. Trooper Grubb was a man belonging to the 2nd Life Guards, and in some inscrutable fashion lost his regiment out in the desert. The regiment came back to " England, home, and beauty," but no Grubb with It, and the soldier's comrades mourned the missing man and gave him up for lost This week Trooper Grubb, as brown as a bronxe penny, walked into the cavalry barracks, Windsor, startled the guard with the idea of a ghost, duly reported himself, and received an ovation. With real British pluck, Grubb, it appears, when he found out that his regiment had disappeared, quietly sat down to map out his coarse back to the Mile, and by dint of hard riding, hard lighting, and dare-devil gallantry made his way to the confines of civilisation. The gossips are all chattering about the royal visit to Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. Those who pretend to know all about these matters insist that the presence of the Princeand Princess of Wales, with their family, in the northern marches of Europe forbodes the betrothal of the Princess Louise of Wales, and that the lacky'young gentleman is Prince Oscar, of Norway. We are further told that the Princess of Wales, herself a daughter of the Norse Sea- kings approves the match, that the young lady likes her sweetheart, that grandma Victoria has said " yes," and that the course of sweet love's dream flows smoothly along. A few weeks hence will see the whole of the Danish Royal family gathered together. The sister of the Princess of Wales, the Empress of Russia, and her husband the Czar, and the King and Queen of Greece, are all to meet our own Prince and Princess, so that it looks very much as if there were to be a solemn family tederunt about something. There would be this advan tage about Oscar: He is not a German. The nation is fairly sick of Germans, and a change from the eternal Teuton bridegroom would be right heartily welcomed by everyone. Just exactly as too many cooks spoil the broth, so too many German intcrtnarryings with our Royal Family are spoiling the feeling that the governing bonse is part and parcel of the nation, and causing it to be looked upon as something of an alien and imported kind. The Japanese Army Department contains not a single American or Briton on its rolls, although it has GO foreigners employed, of whom 47 are French, 4 Dutch, 4 Belgians, 3 Germans, 1 Austrian, and 1 Italian. The Pope has issued an order directing that tIM ultramontane newspapers published in Rome maintain a friendly attitude towards the Italian Government. This action implies an important change in policy on the part of the 