SPORTING- NOTES. TURF. Vr'TOUIa kaciso Club. (from ocr ovrs correspondent.) iielbocknk, -Stli February. The Autumn Meeting of the V»R.C. commenced to day under somewhat unfavorable circumstanced so far as the weather was concerned. Rain fell almost without intermission through the night, and up to about 10 o'clock in the morning heavy showers coutinue to ooaio doiro ufc short intervals, so that iz became doubtful whether the racing would not have to be postponed until another and a finer day, A* the forenoon ad vanced, however, the sky began to clear up and things took a decided turn for the better. The attendance was somewhat smaller than is Usually the ease ou the St. Leger Day. His Excellency Sir H. B. Loch was present together with his suite. The following were the events:— EsdEXDoy Stakes.—Commotion, 1; Malua, 2; Heir nald, «>. The following also started :—Plausible, Oif Color, and Metal. Time—- mill. *7 ?ecs. The Ascot Vale Stakes,—Uralla, 1; Monte Christo, 2: Dunlop, 5. The other starters were :—Antonio, Buttress, and Lady Claudia, Time—1 min. 21? sees. Tim St. Legeh Stages.—Silver l£in~, 1; David, 2; Mozart, 3; Tremando, 0. David and Silver King led almost side by side for the greater part of the distance with the other pair lvinsr about half a dozen lengths behind. This state of things continued until near the sheds, where the font* got into eloper,compass, and a good ru.ee ensued. Silver King, who was then leading, managed to maintain hia premier rosi tion, although not without a hard struggle, and beat David by a length, with half a lencrtli between the lat ter and Mozart. Time— •> mins. sees. Kewjiahket Handicap,—Corouot, 1; Middlemarch, 2; Sheet Anchor, The ^following also started ^Veleome Jack, Gartield, Battalions, Sir Garnet, "Blmk Bonny, Prometheus, Conniugsby, Duenna, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia Victoria, Salvo, St. John, Alphabet. Velocipede, Mascotte, Tpwu Moor. Laviug ton, Xauttppe, Bohemian, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Laniso, Leporello, and Ciauliinc. Time—1 min l!)h sees. ■Tun IforEruL Stakes.-Juauna, 1; Geroila, 2; Sunny Days, J. The other stirrers were Abner, Matchlock, Remus, iVrnside, Manchester, Antonio, Wildrake, Warena. Mouutn in Lass, Meerschaum, and Broils, Time—1 min sees. Brunswick Stakes.—Grace Darling, Jl; Madcap, 2; Distiller, 'J. Sa;:dius, Odd Trick, Little Sister, Anglesey, Sirocco, Duration. Stationer, Happy Thought. Meiitmo:Warrield also starto-d. Time— rnina 121 sees. 