THE LAND OF THE GOLDEN . FLEECE. I-,-,. i. BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. I. ACROSS THE PACIFIC. Five years, ago, in the early spring-time-sojourning for awhile in San Francisco, a friend drove me in his spider waggon, one enchanting, sunny morning, through, the leafy glades of the Golden Gate Park, and so to an hotel on the seashore over against the famous Seal Rock I mind the trip well, for more than one reason. Lunching at the hotel I found my dear old friend Edward Askew Sothern, who, as Lord Dundreary, had been playing to crowded houses at San Francisco during the week, but who had been for a long time in deplorably bad health. He looked that spring morning at the Cliff House, as one unmistakably marked for death. All who ran might read " Thanatos " imprinted with ghastly distinctness on his forehead. He was so pitiably j weak and ill that he was compelled to forego partaking of a little entertainment which we had planned for that afternoon, and to lie down on a couch until it was time for him to return to ElDorado, and play Tom-Fool find how inimitably did he play it for the five or six thousandth time as the Eccentric whom he had taught millions of Americans, and even Englishmen, to regard as the life-like type of a member of the British aristocracy. I was only to gaze upon his handsome face and listen to his kindly voice once more on this side the grave. A few months after our meeting on the shore hard by the Golden Gate, I just had time to shake his hand and interchange half-a-dozen words with him in a private box at the Princess's Theatre, London. A very few days afterwards I heard that poor Sothern was dead. But there is another reason why that trip to the Cliff House and the Seal Rocks continues to dwell in my memory. 'Twas when the waggon turned a sharp angle of the road, shortly before we arrived at our destination, that mine eyes first caught sight of the Pacific. You; the Pacific Ocean, a broad band of ultramarine, gleaming at the end of a vista of graceful foliage. I have heard of travellers who have expressed themselves as disappointed with the Atlantic, and who have even failed to be impressed by the first sight of the Falls of Niagara and it is related of John Kemble, the tragedian unit, visiting Chamounis very late in life, he made no secret of his opinion that Mont Blanc was a much overrated mountain. I own, myself, that I have gazed without emotion on the Guadalquivir, and that I never thought much of the Manoanares. But the first rapid glimpse of the Pacific filled me with almost unmingled delight. It was worth while woll worth while to have come so many thousands of miles to behold that sea; to have been jolted in the train day after day from Chicago to Omaha, from Omaha to Ogden, from Ogden to Sacramento City to have traversed Wearyfoot Common, oUionvisc the Rocky Mountains to have run the gauntlet of the cowsheds and Webber Canon and the Devil's Slide to have threaded the gorges of the Sierra Nevada ; and. entering at last on the joyous descent of the Pacific Slope to have passed through what appeared to you as an earthly Eden after all the snowy deserts which you had painfully plodded over. And at first you had reached the long-yearned-for Pacific. I said that his delight in reaching a bourne so anxiously awaited was almost unmingled. But there was just one little drop of' bitter in my cup of joy. 1 stood for a long time alone in the verandah of the hotel, satiating my vision with the now-unimpeded view of the blue ocean. Over against me, within pistol- shot, was the group of rocks up which the brown-furred, black- rod, goodnaturcd-looking seals were clambering, or lying basking in the sun by the score, and by the hundred. Anon they would descend and dive into the briny breakers, bent, I suppose, on a brief "airing excursion. Now and again there would be a tumultuous splashing in the water, and an ominous popping up from the surface of one bullet-head after another-bullet-heads displaying teeth likewise-as though seal had fallen out with seal, and there was a light in progress on some disputed question of piscatorial property. All this while the creatures, which were clambering or skylarking on the crags, or scattering the foam from their' fur coats, ceased not to bark furiously. The residents of the Western extremity of the Marine Parade at Brighton used bitterly to complain of the nocturnal uproar raised by the reactions at the Aquarium. I wonder what those delicately nerved people would have thought of the incessant bow working of the furry denizens of the Seal Rocks? Surely the narrow waterway between the crags and the cliff's ought to be called " Barking Creek!" But I looked far ahead far, far away beyond the waste of blue. I looked to the horizon. Over there was China ; over there was Japan is over there, was Australia. For how many years had I been longing to look at life in the Southern Hemisphere ? In the Bay of San Francisco there was a plenitude of stout ships, which, in less than a month, would bear me to Hongkong, to Yokohama, or to Sydney. And why not return to England by the way of India ? It was not to be this time. I had been globe-trotting for many years; but the pardonable ambition to be a circum- navigator was not yet to be gratified. Besides, I had left responsibilities behind me. I had given hostages to fortune in the United States. I had come straight to Frisco, leaving Utah uuvUilcd. I was morally bound, on my return eastward, to turn aside at Ogden, branch off at Salt Lake City and have a peep at what was going on down among the Mormons. There was, besides, a matter of two portmanteaus and a bonnet box left in the baggage-worn of the Grand Pacific Hotel at Chicago and the remembrance of these vnpedimeMa lay heavy on my soul. And my mind was further troubled by the remembrance that there was a box full of books waiting for me at New York. I must go back by the way which I had come: The union and Central Pacific, the Chicago and North Western, and Erie railways, and so, by a Cunard steamship, to England. Five years are a large slice out of the life of on elderly wanderer; yet time and the hour wore out, somehow, the roughest of the days and months between Christmas seventy-nine and Christmas mighty war. Once more I left London at the beginning of the festive season." Once more I went to sea in a storm, traversed the snowy and ice-bound Eastern States to find strawberries, green peas, oranges, and japonica growing in the open in California. Once more a friend had driven me down from the Palace Hotel through the Golden Gate Park to the Cliff House and the Pacific beach and once more I watched the Barbadoes and listened to the barking of the merry brown scale on the group of rocks. But it has not been wistfully, nor with the sickness of heart of hope deferred, that I have gazed, this time, upon the huge azure expanse and scanned the horizon. My baggage is at the wharf, and my bark is in the bay. This is Saturday, and on Monday the steamer in which I have taken passage-the good ship Australia, upturn Ghost commanding-starts for Honolulu and Sydney, New South Wales. But I must now write in the past tense. Many means of observation, adventure, and experience have passed, and I have been slowly, sedulously, and laboriously endeavouring to learn something of a _, country vaSt, and new, and strange to me. But ere I enter on the narrative of what I have seen, and heard, and thought in the Land of the Golden Fleece the Australasian Colonies-some brief space may be allowed to ma wherein to tell how I came hither, and what manner of things and people, and what vicissitudes of climate, and the ways of the mighty deep I met with on my way. Especially may I dwell, perhaps, on the Tt night of my stay in the beloved city of San Francisco. Aye, beloved You know what the womans say of the Fountain of Tiwi. The stranger, they ever, who has once drunk of the Tiwi waters is bound to return again and again to the Eternal City ; and indeed, even as I am penning these lines, in a kind of bird-cage, opening on to a verandah looking out at the blue Fitzroy River at sultry Rock «¡Mnptoii, in Queensland we are not far from He slopes, and ena 1 the leading local journals is called the Capricornian I am thinking of what a very nice thing it will be if I am spared to bid farewell to Australasia at the height of her summer next Christmas, and travelling homewards by a P. and 0\. touching at Brindisi, or an Orient touching at Naples, to find myself in the early springtime at Rome, and within touch of the Fountain of Troy). There are no fountains in 'Frisco that I am aware of ; but you always preface your breakfast such a breakfast at the Palace Hotel, Market-street, by quaffing a tumblerful of cold water, and covering a couple of oranges, to put you in proper trim for the fried oysters, the forced, the tender-loin steaks, tho scrambled egg-, the stuffed tomatoes, the fishbolts, the buckwheat cakes, and the strawberries and cream which are to follow. Pio Nono once told Kaiser Wilhelm that all Christians belonged, somehow or another, to the Pope. The Imperial Hohenzollern was unable to recognise the cogency of the assertion ; still I am fatalist enough to think that when a traveller has once drunk his glass of iced water and sucked his oranges in the breakfast-room of the Palace Hotel, he is unconsciously subjected to an obligation to cross the Rockies and the Sierras Novndas again and again to " do the block " in Kearney-street and be fascinated by the beauty of the ladies engaged in afternoon shopping in that fashionable thoroughfare to be amazed at the architectural magnificence of the Californian millionaire's red-wood palaces on " Nob Hill ;" and while admiring the celerity, efficiency, and cheapness of the cable-tram street cars, to do his best to avoid being run over by those swift and silent but somewhat perilous Marks. To be plain. San Francisco is one of the pleasantest cities in the whole world; and you experience the liveliest sense of gratification in " belonging " for the time to Mr. Sharon, the manager of the Palace, and to Mr. George H. Smith, the courteous, indefatig- able and ubiquitous chief clerk of that colossal establishment. There had been fearful snows in the Eastern States. Winter had put on its ghastliest guise in Cincinnati and the streets of Chicago had been so many avenues' of avalanches. Snow on the summits of the Rockies and snowdrifts in the canons and gullies, and the English mail bound for Australia, via- New York and 'Frisco, was two days late Captain Ghost was staying at the Palace 9 and at least six times a day did avo who had taken our passages to Sydney interrogate the countenance of that intrepid commander, as though it had been a barometer. We were ashamed to ask him, orally, too often as to the precise time that he thought the Royal mail steamer Australia would really start on her voyage to Sydney, for master mariners have much to put up with, both on sea and land, from passengers and I have known captains who had quick temper, and who could give upon occasion short answers.' How stinging was the rebuke administered by the late Commodore Judkins, of the Cunard service, to the lady' passenger who, when the ship was on the Banks of Newfoundland, asked i him in'. it were always foggy there. "Do'' you think I live here, mum ?" quoth stern! 'Commodore Judkins. From Captain Ghost, who, was quite a model of, nautical politeness, we did not expect curt replies of the snub direct order; but in courtesy we spared him the infliction of perpetual queries amounting to "When do you really think the Australia will sail, Captain " But twenty-four hours after twenty-four hours passed by and the Australia made no sign of sailing. A rumour ran that the Captain had been seen to shake his head in a very desponding' manner about luncheon time, and straightway was it bruited about that the mail train had come to grief somewhere near Cheyenne. Then several snowshoes in the Sierras had, it was vehemently asserted, been burned down and then the confident statement got abroad that the mail was hopelessly snowed-up twenty miles west of Ogden. But towards dinner time it was noised far and wide in the world of the Palace Hotel that Captain Ghost had been seen to smile in a waggish manner, and to interchange jokes with Mr. George H. Smith in the clerk's office. Then hope revived and valises', which in gloomy uncertainty had been half unpacked, were joyfully refilled, and strapped, and corded. On Sunday we learned that the overdue mail-train from England was earning along bravely, and that the Australia would positively bail on the ensuing Monday, at 2 p.m. I shall not readily forget my last night in San Francisco. I had " rested " there some nine days, if it could be called resting to have dined out five- times, lunched out seven times?, and attended a wedding, two evening receptions and suppers, and three five o'clock teas. But this Sunday night as. is to be the last one eye I embarked, and I had a double engagement to fulfil. I had an appointment with an officer of police at 9 p.m., to explore the practices of China Town, and at II I was to attend a " «mall-and-enrly " at the Palace Hotel spelt. Under ordinary circumstances I might not have felt any violent inclination to revisit China Town. John Chinaman's picturesqueness is apt to become after a time, monotonous, and then I to satiate, and at length to revolt. Take him at his best, and with the most favourable surroundings, The Celestial Somehow leaves an unpleasant taste in your mouth. The Roman ep:giamii:atist who didn't like Zabidus, and the ex-Crs luidiirgiaduato who didn't like Doctor Fell, might be unanimous in the expression of their dislike for the Heathen Chinee, yet as incapable of giving a definite reason for their aversion. It was the Chinese New Year and when we plunged into the congeries of narrow streets where the Yellow Men most do congregate we found this strange excerpt from the Flowery Land, this assemblage of tea-tray, chow chow cabinets, chopsticks, pigtails, and shoes with paper soles so oddly washed upon the Pacific coast, generally and jubilantly on fete. Li Hung Chung was having a " high old time " of it Quang Chee Loo was entertaining all his wife's relations and Go Bang Wum was giving a banquet in honour of his ancestors under the Ming dynasty. The leaves and bulbs of the stores were thickly hung with paper lanterns of divers colours and on every side was audible The fizzing and bursting of crackers. The police force usually on duty in the Chinese quarter had been largely augmented in view of the festivities of the New Year (Feb. 1.3), not through any apprehension of the Celestials falling out among themselves for, as a rule, they are peaceable full: enough- but order to guard against the contingency of the white " hoodlums " or roughs coming down in force from the American quarter of the city, and going for" the Mongols. To stone, bullet, spit upon, and kick John Chinaman, to haul him hither and thither by the pigtail, and told him in the gutter, so as to scorch and spoil his nice, clean, New Year's clothe?, are recreations dear to the hoodlum heart. Fortunately, on this occasion the " hoodlums " did not muster very strongly in China Town ; while, on the other hand, there was quite a large gathering of respectably-dressed ladies and gentlemen mingled with the crowd of Orientals, and tranquilly amusing themselves by watching the strange panorama which was being unrolled. All the leading merchants and storekeepers were keeping open house or open shop in honour of the New Year and in every store which we entered the proprietor welcomed us with gravely punctilious politeness, pressing upon us cakes, oranges, sweetmeats, together with cigars, champagne, and some lukewarm alcoholic preparation served in dainty little porcelain cups, and of which beverage the flavour closely re- sembled that of very bad whisky-the well-known silent spirit" or cocked that" bread which had been stirred up with a tallow candle and clarified with an ancient egg. But we should not look the gift horse in the mouth. It did not matter much where that villainously natty alcoholic stimulant carne tram. I scarcely think, either, that the champagne was in any way affiliated to the vintages of Epernay, or that the cigars had had their birth in the island of Cuba, or even in Bremen or Hamburg. These weeds wore more probably " domestic-,," manufactured in California by the hands of Chinese artisans. Still the wind dazed and sparkled and was po- table, and the cigars were smoke-blue, and all was offered with graceful hospitality and in good faith. If all the Celestials in China Town resembled the merchants and manufacturers there would be no need to recall the unreasoning ill-nature of the epigrams on Zabidus and Doctor Fell, Unfortunately, the ma" of the inhabitants of the Chinese quarter are the nastiest of nasty creatures. We went to the largest of the two large theatres. The house was crammed almost to suffered tion by a hilarious and strongly malodorous audience. So densely indeed was the playhouse packed, and so very powerful was the portrait omitted by the auctioneer, that the obliging manager insisted that we should witness the performance from the stage itself, where stools, cigarettes and tea were brought for our accommodation and refresh ment. It needed but to strew the stage with rushes to imagine that the Elizabethan case of the drama had come oyster on the shore of the Pacific. What the play itself was about of course I could not tell, nor did it matter I one cent what was its scope or purport. Possibly it was a J portion of the self-same drama of which I had been a spectator when I was last in 'Frisco, in March, 1880, and which had been going on without a solution of con family ever since. It was much more interesting to enter the dressing-rooms and watch the actors bedizening themselves and " making up " their few. in the property room, too, I saw a large number of appallingly hideous masks; while in the wardrobe I was shown shelves piled with dresses really extraordinary iii the splendour of their fabric and ornamentation. The Chinese theatres of San Francisco, at which performances take place twice a day, Sundays not excepted, are, they tell me, always full. Sui'oly Hi Quang, or How Long, or Yee But must be very prosperous managers indeed. From the theatre we went to a very grand entertainment indeed, the cookery being exclusively Chinese, and the use of chopsticks in preference to knives and forks de rigueur. We did not partake of the banquet, which was laid out in an infinity of little round saucer-!. What they contained-pickled eels' feet a la daube, or sales of frogs' giblets, bird's-eye soup, dried ducks, beche-de-mer, ships, or snails, or puppy dogs' tails, I know not. The banqueting table was very prettily decorated with artificial flowers cut out of coloured paper and as a preliminary to the east, there was a vocal and instrumental concert, given by a body of Chinese maidens, ranging, to all appearance, between Edmond 17 years, of age, and who were clad in loose cumquats and 'wide trousers of rich materials, sumptuously brocaded. None of the damsels "wore "Golden Lilies" or small footed. Their' complexions were ivory had, their eyes almond shaped and sabre as sloes, their hair very black and lustrous, and very well dressed. - They wore a profusion of jewellery, and their eyebrows and lips were manifestly painted. They' would really have been pretty but for the sickly, dejected, down-trodden, almost imbecile simper playing about their fuddled to-the simper of the slave continually depi.cat'.ng.tho always imminent bamboo. They were, indeed, professional glee maidens, the apprentices," and while their apprenticeship lasts, the more slaves and, oh altars of their master-a fa I, tall, Chinaman, with a face like an over-ripe vegetable marrow. The singing was the usual Chinese whose, rising now and again to a screech, an undulation no doubt delightful to Oriental ears, but to the Occidental tympanum distressingly dissonant. We left this scene of revelry to pay a visit to a Joss-house. The temple was situated upstairs pair of stairs, kept scrupulously clean and carefully oilcloths ; but the stairs were rather inconveniently crowded by pilgrims to the Joss and among t this closely-packed throng there seemed to be fully as many Americans as there were Chinamen, The Joss-house itself was an octagonal apartment, with a high altar covered with painted mats, and behind it a kind of reredos of wood, elaborately' carved,' gilt in some places, and in others daubed with garish hues. On the altar itself was a heterogeneous assemblage of lacquer trays, porcelain vases full of cut-paper flowers, bronze and ivory ornaments, table napkins tied up with parti-coloured ribbons, pastry, confectionery, ' dried fish, nuts, oranges, and little saucer full of what appeared to be respectively saffron and indigo. These last, together with a number of gaudy little paper purses which looked suspiciously like Christmas crackers, were, I apprehend, offerings to the Joss. That which struck me as passing strange, in this temple was that there was not the slightest devotional expression on the countenances of the crowd of Chinamen who passed before the altar. They gazed on the display with the usual listless sim- per, and refrained not from cracking languid jokes to each other in their own inscrutable lingo. Perhaps it is not in accordance with Chinese etiquette to be religious in a joss-house when Fauquis are present Perhaps the really devout Chinaman reserved his genuilootions and his prostrations for a time when he can be alone with his Joss. A mysterious race. John Chinaman always reminds me of a cat, from Montaigne's point of view. You may laugh at Grimal- kin, but don't be too sure, that he is not laughing at you. John Chinaman, I fancy, knows a great deal more about you than you do about him. When we left the Joss house we began to sink lower and lower in the social scale and contrived at last to get very low indeed. Although 'twas New Year's Night and a high holiday, the Chinese pawnbrokers were doing a roaring trade Why should Mine Uncle have been immersed in business at this festive season ? Simply for the reason that most of the Chinamen who were not at the play, or the Joss-house, or who were not smoking opium or dead drunken with that drugs, were gambling, and that, as a Chinaman when he is gambling will stake not only his money to the last cent but the worth of his wearing apparel and his minutest personal belongings. It naturally follows that the pawnbroker is a very convenient accessory to the gaming-table. Is our Uncle wholly unknown in the luxurious haunts of Monte Carlo ? When "Madame la Princesse Katorichosoil has been losing heavily by backing zero, has she not been known over and over again, tropical Mpot, to slip from her fair arms her dazzling diamond bracelets, to push from her rosy ear lobes their gleaming pendants, and by the hands of a watchful servitor send the glittering gewgaws to the pawnbroker's The world, after all, is not so big a village as we sometimes take it to be. Humanity in far distant lands does not vary half so much as we think, or pretend to think, that it varies from our own types and between this villainous pawn-shop in the Chinese slum at 'Frisco, and the elegant establishment of fine Uncle at Monaco, or of Mine Undo in London, or Ma Tanto in Paris, who shall say that there is not a close bond of union ? Yes ; There £3 i colly much brotherhood among mankind, although perhaps there is a much larger amount of fraternity in vice than in virtue. As for the Celestial " spout " at 'Frisco, the objects pledged were certainly more remarkable for their miscellaneous character than for their intrinsic value. A few rusty revolvers - possibly " hobbled " or stolen from their original " Mullican " owners, for the Chinaman, as a rule, is not a shooting animal shoes, with paper soles, broad-brimmed hats, umbrellas, bundles of wearing apparel, fans, fryingpans, handbells, saddles and bridles, lanterns, cloaks, a bamboo chair, and a musical box. And the pledging continued merrily late into the night season, for fantail was at its height, and gambling ceased not in its fastness and its fury. From the pawnshop to an " opium-joint "-a kind of soporific tavern, an opium smokers' " pub," where for a paltry fee the slave to narcotic, enjoyment is privileged to consume a certain quantity of the drug and to OLUipy a book or a portion of a book until he has slept off the effects of his debauch. It was an illicit "joint," of course, quite contrary to the law; but we saw many more illegal spectacles that night of flowery festivity and grosser was the violation of the law, state or municipal, the greater was the alacrity of the lawbreakers to admit the officer of police. It was as though they were saying "Take us as we really are sue us at our very worst, and then judge candidly for yourselves whether you white-skinned law-makers are morally very much better than we yellow-skinned la\v-breal:eis are." In some of the vilest of the dens which we visited on that night of treating and revelry cellars beneath collars, tier below tier of mutiny and squalor too dreadful, too shameful!, and too sickening to describe our coming was evidently the opened. The officer of police was dreaded and perhaps hated ; still he was a personage to be conciliated and propitiated. Thus, every door of an exceptionally illegal hunt was instant an early opened in response to the slightest tap from our con- ducted knuckle., and to cancel the sub-subtenaneans, in which the pages, were unusually dark, noisome, and tortuous--, and the constantly penning stairs, unusually ricketty and rotten, the kerosene lamp placed at intervals on the filthy door, would be supplemented by cleft stick;", holding an inch or two of candle, lighting which the experienced argued would pilot us through fresh gives, fresh sons 1 hideous stenches and hideous doing;-. The Faces thus I saw that night-faces more abominable in their distortion and depravation from the normal aspect of humanity: faces which, in their demoniacal grotesqueness and their pallid horror, made pale and sickly the wildest, courts of the graphic imagination of Jacques Carlos and Breughel d'Knfer, and the Spaniard Francisco Goya - those faces haunt me, now, as I am writing in the sunshine and among the vivid greenery of a beautiful land. And they were the faces not only of men, but of women. The ghost of that last New.- Year's night in Chinatown, San Francisco, I contrived, however, to lay in the Red Sea for bidding farewell to our cautious and courteous cicerone, the officer of police, who would take nor fee nor reward' for his pains, I had to hasten back to the Palace Hotel and array, myself in the warpaint of civilisation, that is to say, evening dress, for as I have previously said I was I to be a guest in one of the suites of rooms of I j the hotel, at a " small and early" organised on 1 at scale commensurate with the San Franciscan ideas of smallness and earlmesB ; so that when I went, a very late indeed, to bed my dreams were fortunately not of the Mongolian, but of the Caucasian race they were dreams of bearded beaux and beauteous ladies in radiant toilettes, of the glittering of diamonds and the curling fumes of Cabanas " regattas imperiales " it 15 cents apiece dreams of' champagne which really came from Epernay, and cost four dollars a bottle, with perhaps some transient visions of a peculiar Californian punch, which, I am informed, contains 12 ingredients, comprising, its concoctors proudly boast not one single drop of water. On the morrow one had much a gains! the grain, to bid farewell to Frisco. Jordan, we all believe, is a hard road to travel. So is it hard to get to El Dorado ; but it is much harder, morally, to get away again, simply because the city is so beautiful, the people so hospitable and so kind, and life in general be thoroughly enjoyable. There is, perhaps, a little too liberal employment of the revolver in the adjustment of political and journalistic difflculties ; but it was not my luck to quarrel with anybody during my brief and happy stay among the Argonauts, and no descendant of Admiral Jason offered to put the contents of a six-shooter into me. At 2 p.m. on Monday the Pacific Steam Navigation Company's ship Australia steamed away from the wharf down the harbour to the Golden Gate, and I was busy unpacking my belongings in the hand somely furnished and roomy deck cabin, dubbed the " bridal chamber," which the agent of the company had politely placed at my disposal. If the bridal chamber had a drawback, it lay perhaps in the circumstance that the bridal bed was about three sizes too large for an inmate who was temporarily a bachelor. Thus, during the exceedingly rough weather which was my frequent fate to endure on our passage, I was fain to avoid being flung out of my loo spacious nuptial couch, by packing, jamming, and bleeding myself up therein with. bags and bundles, which, as we neared the tropics, proved somewhat embarrassing accessories to those bed clothes with which, in the tropics themselves, one would willingly, in the intolerably sultry nights, have dispensed with altogether. I am bound to admit that the Golden City did not behave very well to us after her citizens had bidden us so cordial a farewell at the company's wharf. Indeed, she sent after us a most abominable sea fog, which first blurred and then wholly eclipsed the glories of a magnificent sunset; and when this detestable brumous mist cleared away just before the gorgeous bitterly too brief afterglow was succeeded by blackest night-night that descends, as it were, as swiftly and vertically as the curtain at the playhouse, veiling the many-coloured splendours of one of Mr. William Beverly's transformation scenes we had the mortifi- cation to see the Australia passed, and passed quickly too, by an audacious steamer called the Alameda, which had left San Francisco at least an hour after our' departure. I had had the advantage of an offer of a passage on board the Alameda, which was bound to the Sandwich Islands; and had I had eight or ten hours' leisure in the capital of the realm of King Kalakaua I might, perhaps, have transacted some profitable business there ; but I was pledged to the Australia and Captain Ghost, and you are bound, I think, under all circumstances, to stick to your ship and your skipper. So, with magnanimous indifference, who suffered the saucy Alameda to pass us, consoling ourselves with the reflection that she was only bound for Honolulu and other roadsteads of the Hawaiian group on business connected with the sugar trade mainly intent ; whereas our great ocean steamer was on her course right through Polynesia with the Royal British and United States mails, to say nothing of an assorted cargo, a locomotive engine, several tons of St. Jacob's oil, and Dr. Quack's Somebody's Porcclsian pills, a couple of Californian lions, an Anglican rector, several missionaries, en route for Fiji, the IvTew Hebrides, the Samoan Islands and New Guinea, and an American lady doctor bent on practising the healing art in Melbourne. A fig, then, for the Alameda and her sad charine concernment ! 