THE EVE OF WATERLOO. BT SKIDDAW. Once more are we 011 the eve of the greatest Australian coursing event of the year, namely, the thirteenth Victorian Waterloo Cup. And although everybody just now is eager and ready for the iray, it must be confessed that that latter-day enthusiasm has had to be worked up by all sorts of incentives. Up to a week ago it was the pretty general opinion that no previous Waterloo Cup had been ao little talked about in sporting circles as that now under notice. Some folks are continually averring that the sport of coursing has seen its best day, and that in a measure it is a waste of energy attempting to kick a dying lion iDto life. There can be no doubt that very much of the novelty that first attended coursing has worn off, and that only a fraction of the in terest formerly evinced towards it by many of its original promoters remains. And this is very evident from the extreme difficulty that is experienced now and again in the lilting of stakes principally in the metro polis, a £10 entry - money being now a bete noir, whereas, in the olden times, double the sum would not occasion a " frost" But, uufortuuately, there have been other in fluences at work to aid in detracting from the primary success of the Waterloo Cup in par ticular. First and foremost, the great change in the jxrsonnd of the nomination list, 18 new names appearing, a good proportion of whom are unknown to fame as coursers, and, therefore,will remain "dark and mysterious " till the secrets of the revolving barrel are disclosed on Tuesday night. To the shifting of the Great Southern Cup date till after the Waterloo meeting must further be attributed some of the apathy and disinclination of backers and layers alike to begin business. Nor ought we to omit the retirement from the scene of Mr. Lord and Mr. M'Quade in New South Wales, and Mr. Rounsevell in South Australia, with the dispersal of their greyhounds, as a deterrent effect on this year's Waterloo Cup. Under such dispiriting inlluences as the foregoing, it is to be hoped that the surroundings of next week's great event will be of so encouraging a nature as to ensure a new lease of life to cours ing in Australia, and I trust I shall have the pleasure of recording the most successful Waterloo Cup in the annals of the colonial leash. Fine weather and large attendances on each day are all that are wanting to bring about so desirable a result. His Excellency the Governor has promised to be present on the opening day, and I have little doubt will find much to in terest him. This will not be the first time the representative of royalty has been at a Victorian Waterloo meeting, Sir Geo. Bowen and Lady Bowen having assisted at the first day's sport, when Miss Heller won the first Cup, which was a dozen years ago. The running ground was never in better or safer going order, and the hares, having had a six or seven weeks spell since the Derby and Oaks meeting, will be abundant for all re quirements. Before proceeding to the arrangements for the meeting, it is as well to mention that Monday and Tuesday will be devoted to sales of greyhounds at Tattersall's Bazaar in Stephen-street On the first day, Mr. Munday will dispose of the entice kennels of Mr. H. K. Lord and Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, and on Tues Ty>,Mr. H. M'Quade's long list-a longer I think was never known in England-will be brought to the hammer.- Particulars of the whole have already been detailed in The Auetralastav, and suffice it to add that the mnLIS ^ I be placed on the stand each morning at 11 o clock. The National Coursing Club of Australia meet at the Union Club Hotel, Collins- street west, on Tuesday afternoon, at 3 o'clock. J. he business, of which notice Has been riven is the appointment of a committee to revise the rules of coursing, and a few cases of dis puted wagers and defaulters in betting. p.^ndJl0wt0 first act of the Waterloo BnJPu JEver]r greyhound must be named! de scribed, and'entered before 3 p.m. on Tues the Victoria Club office, 16 Market BurattnfiJrt88 originally intended to have sS S 1 e l'.rc«ramme with the Rupert it in .fBfiP1?8» but not having filled, atthe&nfehTT;^f4 w$ *«?ln be held the chair h«inir ?i .on Tuesday evening, at 7 o'clock The uuurei: uoiaera oi t>s. tickets will be admitted. Then the draw takea place,' to be followed by the I calling over of the card, when it is antici pated a number of now books will be vseued. w» that tiuce Is ww ' more liberal prices beii^g obtained than has hitherto been the'case. As regards the bi-weekly wagering at the Mitre, this week's transactions will be found in another column. The list will also be refid over for the last time at the Mitre on Monday, commencing at 8 o'clock, prior to which there will be comparing. To country visitors the train arrangements are more convenient than formerly. Excur sion tickets are to be granted on Monday and Tuesday, available for return up to the fol lowing Monday. The special trains leave Spencer-street for Diggers' Rest at 9.20 and 9.35 a.m. each day, returning to town shortly after the last course of the day has been run. Mr. Munday requests me to intimate that trainers' tickets can be had on application to him before the day. Members of the Vic toria Coursing Club must also produce their membership cards at the entrance-gate, or pay for a field ticket My task is now tbedetaihngof the different nominators and their probable representa tives. This year it is a very difficult matter for various reasons, principally that there are so many changes, the dispersal of Messrs. M'Quade's, Lord's, and Rounsevell's grey hounds into other kennels, and last, but not least, the delicacy and secrecy shown by a considerable section of the nominators in the disclosure of their intentions. The follow ing greyhounds, announced to be Bold, are in training for next week, and it may be assumed that nominations will be found for the majority of them on that dayRhodanthe. Cap-a-pie, Thrift, Nebt Ha, Leoline, Lord Lyon, Captivity, Rob Roy Macgregor, Rester ton, Rhanora, and several others. The work of compiling or completing the list of 64 is consequently one tnat involves a great amount of guesswork and conjecture, and if I am wrong in some instances, the coursing readers of The Australasian will know the reason why. In the same way the results of private trials are withheld with all the solemnity oi state secrets, and in this respect I have more than once declined invi tations to witness such trials on those very, grounds. However, I shall now proceed to work upon the information I am in posses sion of, commencing on the 50 nominations of VICTORIA. Mr. W. Bailey will run both Ballarat Willie and Ballarat Winnie, by Cheater out of the obscure Lily. Which will be nominated by himself, however, I suppose will not be known till the eleventh hour. Both are good performers and possess a fair degree of pace, and if well drawn, will see fair hedging, but I shall never believe either of them capable of winning a Waterloo Cup till I see it, because I've a doubt respecting their game ness. Mr. A. Bell last year was represented by Nellie Dobson, who this week ran through a stake at the Berrybank meeting, so that we shall hardly see her in slips next week. Mr. Bromell has not yet this season shown us anything so good as the honest Queen Bee, who last year won a couple of courses and was then defeated by Castanet. We now come to Mr. Robert Chirnside and Melfort, last year's winner. Quite naturally the nomination has been at a short price, ever since the betting opened, though up to last week Mr. Chirnside ranked as second favourite, Mr. Whittingham's more recent success in the Sydney Waterloo Cup, with Siesta, making him most in demand. A week ago, however, Mr. Chirnside came with a rattle, and touched 10 to 1 offered, and on Monday 100 to 9 was booked to a little money only. Yesterday 10 to 1 was taken to several hundreds, and then 9 to 1 was the best offer. We all know the reason for this, namely, that Melfort is in the best of health, and that, although Melrose has charge of at least three iirst-class greyhounds in the same interest, the imported dog, whose success last year was so pronounced, will again do battle for his straightforward and spirited owner. There have been few-very few-Waterloo Cups, either in Australia or England, so easily and consistently won a? was Melfort's last year. It will be remem bered that he outpaced the whole of his six opponents, leading some of them half-a dozenlengths, and exhibited the smartness and quickness off his turnB that was so strongly characteristic of his quality in the Gos forth-park Derby, which he divided before leaving for Australia. And it is further a feather in his cap that Melfort defeated the subsequent winners of the Purse and Plate in his progress through the Victorian Waterloo Cup, and wound up with the threat Monsoon. Since then he has seen but a single bare, and as he has never been sick or sorry, the veteran Walter Melrose, bar accident, will very likely pull off his second consecutive Blue Riband with the same greyhound. I had a look at the dog this week, and can fairly say his preparation and condition are faultless-not one ounce of superfluous flesh, and muscle as hard as iron. I may be wrong eventually ; but Melfort at present ap pears to hold everything safe enough. Mr. A, Clark's long illness-which every one who knows him regrets-has destroyed very much of the deep interest he once evinced in coursing; and whilst expressing the hope that I may see him next week, I have not the remotest idea what he will run. Sir W. J. Clarke's Chime is one of the most promising puppies we have seen this season, and no victory would be more popular, were the prize to go to Rupertswood. No doubt, however, the puppy wants time, seeing she was whelped as late as February, and I don't think we shall see her at her best till another season. Mr. Col lard has arranged to run Mr. Smitheram's Queen of Trumps, who divided the Ercildoune Stakes at Ballarat a fortnight ago, and has had the merit ot leading and defeating Ballarat Winnie, the co-divider. This was in the first round of the Victoria Plate, at the Oval last season. The bitch is very well, and Mr. Smitheram is very sweet on her chance. The nomination was tucked to win a good stake, at outside prices, on Wednesday. " Mr. Cookson'^ intended representative was' badly beaten when the question was put to her last week, and it is .likely he will run another greyhound. Mr. D. DavieB, Mr. Dibden, or Mr. Durose I am quite m the dark about The former, fewever, was last year included In Mr. W» M Culloch s five, and Mr. Dibden might run ?^leii0i i ,'v®0,ree» Mr. Durose will in all likelihood start a puppy of his own. Last week there were indications that Mr. Donovan would run something above the I average, the nomination having been quietly backed wheneveradecentpricewasonoffer.On Monday last, moreover, lorn Bayers changed ; 5wft8 done at! ^r* ' Ravine 8°ld the dog : SE P} guineas. The name of the purchaser wlipot transpire, but it was at once stated, show of authority, that JUB* mentioned would be by Tom Bayers. The son of Bashful i the Improved Style he displayed in I r8ai7 Stakes at the last Sherwood- i park meeting, ! should not hesitate to puti I wto three, if not four, oouraaaia Ulfi bbjj^eyfiafc at next week. AtJ all events, if well drawn, he ought to be backed. And whilst dealing with Tom Sayers, his sister Truthful, who divided the honours with him at Sherwood-park, will run ior Mr. J. T. Taylor. Truthful has also Been the end of two other stakes this season. The pair were never BO well as they are now, thanks to Tom Ogden's diligence and assiduity. Mr. A. Forrester's nomination will, for the third time, be filled by Mr. W. M'Culloch, and the greyhound will be announced in good time, no doubt. Mr. H. Fraser's best is Kew Queen, a puppy by Master Joe-Real Grit, or Duchess of Kew, by Chesterfield-Kew Rose, winner of the Moonee Valley June Stakes. It is now generally understood that Mr. H. Gore was the purchaser of Corangamite a fortnight ago, and I therefore associate his name with the speedy son of Chester, who has a great liking for the Oval, with a straight- away hare. In last year's Waterloo Cup he won three courses, and then was put down by Monsoon by a near thing. Ilia first opponent was Gunilda, who was led half a dozen lengths, but when Corangamite died away had, many people thought, a clear ma jority. Mr. Hammond will nominate Mr. J. B. Scott's second string, a blue and white puppy, by Oversman II., that has not been in public, but has most satisfactorily an swered the question put to him at home. Mr. Scott, himself, as the result of a pri vate spin some days ago, told me he decided at once to start Sherwood Stag, better known as Farderougha. The old dog was never so well as Cunliffe has him now, and ran his trial with all the fire ot a puppy. A few odd pounds on the Great Southern Cup divider at the draw may see capital hedging. Last year Sherwood Stag-defeated Bashful Lass, Rhodanthe, and Werribee Eve, after which he went to slips on three legs, and, of course, never had the ghost of a show with Siesta. Mr. Hoctor and Mr. Hepburn's intentions are as yet unknown, neither has there been any market move to form a guide. Mr. Inman has determined to run Lady Audley XL, who last year was beaten in the first round of the Cup by Moss llose, and then won a couple of courses in the Purse. The bitch is very well Some weeks ago a feeler was thrown out with a view of backing Mr. D. Jones's nomi nation, and from the quarter from which it emanated I should not be surprised to find that Mr. J. Wiggina'a smart puppy Wiifui Chester was the representative. This youngster won the Ballarat Derby in May, and from a reliable judge who was there I learn that if a puppy has to win this year's Waterloo Cup it will be the son 01 Chester and Wiifui. Waiwera, by Oversman IL Western Lady, in the same kennel, also won the Oaks on the same occasion. Mr. L. C. Lawford has made up his mind to run his second-season dog Commotion, by Master Joe out of Dumah's Joy. Since Ayton took charge of the dog he has vastly improved, as indeed we have seen two or three times in public this season. Should anything happen Commotion between now and the day of entry the puppy Bugle, who ran up to Happy Thought at Sherwood-park, is in reserve. Passing over Mr. Montjjomerie and Mr. Munday, about whom nothing will be known till the entries are closed, we arrive at Mr. J. M'Culloch, who, now that Corangamite has changed hands, may have to depend on Cas- ] tana, an own sister. Last season this bitch i won a couple of courses in the Victorian Oaks, lost her first course in the Great Southern Cup, and at Sherwood-park was de cisively beaten by Feltrim Fay, against whom the long odds of 2,000 to 1 were laid this week, "all in." This season Castana ran second to Werribee Fawn for the Ladies' Plate at the Oval, and subsequently lost her first course at the next meeting. She also divided an eight-dog stake at Moonee Valley, and ran second to Commotion for another small stake at the Oval. Mr. W. M'Culloch has elected to run Monsoon for the second time. It is an old tale how, last year, Monsoon won the New South Wales Waterloo Cup, and then took second honours in the Great Southern Cup and Victorian Waterloo Cup. After that I expressed an opinion that Monsoon's sun had set, and we nad a solid proof of it in the Sydney Waterloo Cup this year, when, though he led Painstaker in the first round, he all at once commenced to look on, and got beaten. He had another try in the Purse, and de feated Whilda through sheer superiority of pace, as he rushed his game very badly, and finally old Rhodanthe settled him most de cisively. The once-brilliant son of Chester was well enough in himself on that occasion, else he would not have been pulled out, and his performance, altogether, therefore, was so true a line, mat to imagine him capable of winning six courses next week seems next door to impossible. I never yet knew a grey hound, let him have been ever so brilliant in his first or second season, come back to his old form, after an interregnum of rushing and waiting propensities. Much less are they likely to do it after a long schooling in a Plumpton. Mr. Colin M'Colloch runs the second string of the Glenroy Kennel, and it is almost a certainty to be Mongoose, the winner of the Victorian Derby, by Monsoon out of Gazette. This puppy (whelped in January) is conse quently susceptible of great improvement, and I shall expect him to finish in the first flight, lit and well In the Derby he suc cessively defeated Sortie, Kew Jim, Melfort Boy, Dangerfield, and Glendubh, showing pace each time. Mr. J. M'Rae will, lit and well, run Mel ville's Gift Last year the New Zealand bred dog ran second to Rhodanthe for the Ballarat Champion Stakes, putting out such greyhounds as Giralda, Match Girl, and Ballarat Brilliant, Mr. Keustetel has the services of Mr. Harvey Patterson's second string, namely, Philistine, a second-season dog, who last year ran second to Stiver King for the Australian St. Leger, and subsequently was beaten in the first round of the Waterloo Cup, after which he tan through the Purse, the greyhounds he defeated being Archie, Albany, Miss Lizzie, Bashful Irishman, and Hampton Court This season Philistine was beaten in the third round of the Vicc-presi dents' Plate at the Oval, by Werribee Dove, who divided with Castanet Mr. Harvey Patterson, it has been common notoriety for weeks past, would run Prime Minister,a fawn and white second-season dog.by Hebelllon-Westeria, and thus own brother to Rodanthe. As a puppy Prime Minister only ran once, namely, in the Vic torian Derby, whephe defeated Wrekin and Grandee, after which Ballarat Willie put him oat in a short spin. Prime Minister has not run thia season, Mr, Patterson havingkept him specially for the Waterloo Cup. He is stated to be agreatly improved ,dog, James Taylor having worked wonders with him; and as the kennel is just now in great form, Prime Minister ought not to be allowed to run loose at the draw. It would be noted at the bet ting on Monday, however, that there was a dead set against the nomination, 60 to 1 being offflWiL wulatA wwk before 80 to 1 waa the best price. If there are any grounds for the opposition we shall soon know. Mr. J. H. Patterson will run the third string of Mr. H. Patterson, and there are so many really good greyhounds in the kennel that I do not venture to say wnat it will be. Mr. Oliver has nothing good enough of his own that I am aware of, and very likely the nomination may be given up at the last moment I believe Mr. Thos. Daley will find the material for three different nominations, that is to say, Mr. W. Patterson, Mr. G. Plant, and Mr. W. Watson. The represen tatives will be puppies, chosen from Happy Thought, Merry Thought, Dangerfield, and Query. Mr. Quinlivan has a real good puppy in Quinine, by Master Joe-Tidings, who won three courses in the Victorian Oaks, defeat ing Went, Sherwood Lass, and Merrie Sher wood, when she was put down by Pleasant Girl, the winner of the stake. Mr. A. R. Robertson runs his own dog Robust, an own brother to Rhodanthe. The dog is very fit, and as he defeated Philistine in a trial, leading him, too, three or four lengths, he Bhould have a good outside show. Mr. Renwick, I understand, will be sup plied from Mr. Harvey Patterson's kennel. Mr. S. Smith and Mr. Straker are dark nominations as yet, but Mr. W. M'Culloch might fill the latter; and although nothing j is positively known about Mr. Swan, Mr. 1 Harper's crack puppy Hartley is so often coupled with his name, that it may even tually turn out to be the case. The nomina tion was backed to win a decent stake on Monday last Mr. Thomas intends to run Breechloader, a third-season dog, by Spring out of Swallow, who won the Champion Stakes, of 52 all ages, at Maldon last season. A puppy, also by Spring out of Miss Armstrong (imp.), is in reserve. Mr. W. K. Thomson has nothing so good in his kennel as Cairngorm, who, being fit and well, ought to give a better account of himself than last year, previous to which he had divided and won the New South Wales Derby and St Leger. A few days ago arrangements were in pro gress for Glendubh to fill the nomination of Mr. W. Thomson, who is in England. By Oversman IL out of Docy Juan, this puppy ran second to Mongoose for the Victorian Derby when very lame, besides getting into the hare paddock, and won the Sherwood park Derby. There is no doubt he will prove a worthy representative, and a dan gerous greyhound, whoever he runs for. Mr. Tilley told me some days since he would run Timid Joe once more, but yester day's betting shows he will name something more reliable, namely, Castanet Mr. George Whittingham will this year run a brace, namely Siesta and Wild Emily. The former represents himself, as it is fitting she should do, after winning the New South Wales Waterloo Cup. It will be remem bered that after last year's Victorian Waterloo Cup, Mr. Whittingham purchased Siesta and an own sister, the former having run into the last four, beating Nellie Dobson, Gooroc, Ballarat Willie, and Sherwood Stag, when Moonsoon put her out by a couple of points in a rattling trial. The drawbacks under which Siesta went so far into the great stake are not forgotten, seeing that Bhe was brought to Melbourne almost on the eve of the event, after a long coach and railway journey, besides being " messed about" between Melbourne and the Oval on the three days of running. Prior to running into the last four of our Waterloo Cup, Siesta had divided the Moy-hall Cup at Narracoorte under the name of Haste. Ac cordingly, if we lump the previous two per formances with the Sydney Waterloo Cup victory, it cannot but be admitted that Siesta is one of the most consistent greyhounds in Australia. And this reminds methatMr.Hoare, her breeder, has this week kindly favoured me with the tabulated pedigree of Siesta, about which there was considerable doubt and error when I attempted to run it out after the Sydney Waterloo. She comes of the fastest, cleverest, and gamest strains in the old country, and I trust I shall next week have the gratification ot presenting her genealogy in print as the winner of the thirteenth Victorian Waterloo Cup. Siesta was slightly lame a fortnight ago, but is now all right. Wild Emily, a puppy by Bashful Jerry-Blue Lookout (own sister to Tom Sayers and Truthful), won a stake at the last Moonee Valley meeting, and, whatever nomi nation she fills, will not disgrace herself. Mr. J. Williams is the owner of a brace of smart puppies by Oversman II.-Nellie II., that distinguished themselves at the Ballarat Club meeting in May. Overseer ran up to Wilful Chester for the Derby, and General Gordon was also defeated by the winner in the last four of the same stake. Mr. S. Willis's representative will most likely be Waldemar II., a second- season dog, by Rebellion-Ready Money, winner of the Prahran Club Bracelet last season. Mr. J. Wolstenholme's nomination will, as last year, be filled by the second string of Mr. Chirnside. This time it is Werribee Eve, an own sister to Rhodanthe, who last season ran second to Miss Jean for the ! Ercildoune Stakes at Ballarat, and also divided the Australian Club Cup with Werri bee Dove. 