WYLLAKD'S WEIKD, A NOVEL'"" BY II. K. BBADDON, Aitfcer of "Lady Audlry'b h buret," (The ezclaslve rleht of pnbllaetloi In New oath Wales fens been paichnsed by the proprietors of the " Dally Tele graph." And those organs disturbed you at your work sometimes, perhaps," said Dora, Beated in her occustomed place beside his pillow, ready to ad just his reading-lamp, to give him a new book, or to discuss any passage ne snoweu ner. tie reaa immensely in those long hours o£ enforced optivity, but his reading had been chiefly on one particular line. He was reading the metaphysi cians, from Plato and Aristotle to Schopenhauer and Hartmann, trying to find comfort for the anguish of his own individual position in the uni versal despondency of the modern school of philosophy. " A man chained to a sick bed ought to be able to console himself with the idea that the great world around him is only an idea of his own brain, and yet even when convinced of the unreality of all tliing3 there remains this one central point in the universe, the sense of individual pain. Such a belief might reconcile the sufferer to the idea of suicide, hut hardly to the idea of life. Ak, my Dora, if you are only a phantasm, you are the sweetest ghost ever a man's brain invented to haunt and bless his life." " Don't you think you might read more interest ing books while you are ill, Julian !" suggested his wife. " No, dear. These books are best, for they set me thinking upon abstract questions. and hinder me from brooding upon my own misery." What could Dora say to him by wny of comfort, knowing too well that this misery of his was without hope on earth ; knowing that this burden of pain which had fal'cn to him must be carried to the very end ; that day by day, and hour by hour the gradual progress of decay must go on ; no pause, no respite, decay so slow as to be almost imperceptible, save on looking back at what had been I "Thank God the brain is untouched," said Julian Wyllard, when his wife pitied him in his hour of pain. " I should not have cared to sink Into imbecility, to have only a dull, vague sense of my own individuality, like a vegetable in pain. I am very thankful that Spencer assures me the brain is sound, and is likely to outlast this crippled frame." Bothwell rode over on Sunday morning as he had threatened, and appeared at the Parish Church with his cousiu and Hilda, much to the astonishment of some of the pnrishioncrs who had suspected and almost condemned him. They were now veericg round, and had begun to inform each other that Mr Grahame had been a much-wronged man, and that there was evidently a grent deal more in the mystery of the strange girl's death than any one in Bodmin had yet been able to fathom. " No doubt Mr Distin, the famous crimi nal lawyer, knew all about it, and his cross-ex amination of liothwell Grahame had been only a blind to throw the press and the public oil the right scent. The very fact of his coming all the way from London to" attend a Cornish inquest argued an occult knowledge, a shadow behind the throne. Some among Bothwell's late detractors hinted that the business involved a personage of veiy high rank, and were d-sposed to transfer their anspicions to a local peer, who was not so popular as he might have been, having but recently refused to remit more than one-third of his farmers' rents, or to renew leases at less than half the previous ten tab And now Bodmin beheld liothwell Grahame Ecated in the Pcnmorval pew between his cousin and Hilda Heathcotc, and Bodmin opined that his engagement to Miss Heathcote must now be a settled tiling, since it was known that lie had taken a house at Trevcna, and was building and improving there on a large scale. There wero some who approved, anil some who condemned ; Bome who wondered tiint Fquiie Heathcote could allow his only sister to marry such a reprobate, others who declared that liothwell was a high- spirited fellow, who had been a fine soldier, and would make a capital army-coach ; but these dif ferences of opinion helped to sustain conversation, which sometimes sank to a very low ebb in Bod min for lack of matter. It was a lovely autumn day, and Bothwell had Strolled in the rose-garden with his sweetheart, between luncheon and five o'clock tea, talking over their house and their future. And now, dearest, there is only one point to settle,' said Bothwell, when they had discussed furniture and china and glass to their heart's con tent, and when Bothwell had given a graphic de scription of sundry Chippendale chairs and early English bureaux which he had discovered and bargained for in cottages and farmhouses within twenty miles of Trcvena, ' I had a little talk with Wyllard before luncheon. He is most cordially disposed towards us, and he wants to hurry on onr marriage in order that he may be present at the ceremony. He feels just able to go down to the church in a Bath chair. His chair could be wheeled up the aisle, and placed within sight and sound of the altar, without being in anybody's way, lie Bays if we delay our marriage ho may no longer have the power to do even this much, and for this reason he is urgent that we should marry almoBt immediately. What Uo you say, dearest! Will you take up your burden as a poor man's wife! Will you be mine soon; at once almost. The week after next for instance.' Oh, Bothwell 1' 'Think, dear love, there is nothing to delay our marriage except want of faith in each other, or in ourselves. If you have any doubt of me, Hilda, or any doubt as to your own love for me 1 ' I hnve none, Bothwell— not a shadow of doubt.' 1 Then let us be married on Tuesday week. That iB the day Dora suggested. She tells me you are the most sensible girl she ever met with, and that you are not going to buy a waggon-load of clothes in order to overdress your part in that old, old play called " I.ove in a Cottage," so you see thera is nothing to wait for.' 1 But 1 must have a wedding-gown, Bothwell, and a gown for travelling.' ' Then you 'have just a week in which to get thcin made, dear. Not au hour more,' There was some further discussion, but in the end Hilda yielded to her lover's pleading. It should he any day lie liked — it should be Tuesday. The two gowns should be ordered next morning. Edward Heathcote had given Dora full powers, and he would doubtless hurry home at her bidding in time to arrange the terms of Hilda's marriage settlement and to be present at'the wadding. Bothwell was almost beside himself with glad ness for the rc6t of the day, but good feeling im pelled him to restrain his exuberance, and to be g.-.>ve and qsiet in the presence of the patient suf ferer, whose pale calm face told but little of men tal struggle or bodily pain. The evening was spent in Julian Wvllard's room. There was a good deal of conversation, and Hilda sang some of her favourite songs, a sacred song of Gounod's, 'There is a green hill far away,' which Dora especially loved, and again 1 Ave Maria,' |by the same com poser. ; Bothwell sat in a corner by the pretty little cottage piano, listening to the rich, full voice of his beloved, watching her thin white fingers as they strayed over the keys, ineffably bappy. rile bad no thought of evenings in the years that were gone, when ho had listened to another singer, and wa'ched other hands, delicate, nervous lingers glittering with diamonds. The voice was a thinner voice, a somewhat reedy soprano, and those tapering fingers had something of a bird's claws in their extreme attenuation : but he had thought the thin voice passing sweet in the days that were gone, and the hand of tlio syren had seemed to him perfection. He left Pcnmorval soon after daybreak next morning, to ride back to Trevena. He was to re turn on the fo lowing Saturday, to take up his abode there until the wedding day, while Hilda was to return to the Spaniards almost imme diately, to collect her belongings, and make her self ready for her new life. All the business of furnishing could be done after the wedding, in that interval which Mr and Mrs Grahame were to spend at Pcnmorval, Hilda was np in time to watch from her bed- loom window while her lover rode away in the misty morning, but she was much too shy to go down stairs and wish him good-bye. She would lave quailed before the awful eye of Stodden, the bntler, had sho ventured to show herself at such an unseemly hour, unchaperoned, unsanctioned by the presence of a matron. So she hid behind her window curtain and watched her true knight's departure, and did not even fling him a flower by way of love-token, (To be Continued.) 