\- ! I TE M S O? N BW|. The usual mooting uf the Oastlemaiuo Mining Hoard takes place to-day. Thp half-yearly meeting of the Forest. Greek' "Wattle Gully Co. takes placo this afternoon. Tlio Pesbawur, with the European mans,, arrived in tho Bay yesterday morning, and tliej Chstlomaino portion of her oorresporidenoe 'should be delivered to- dajr Whilst it liiiuor niiined Sinitii was engaged at- wotk in 'the Grand Junction' initio, ftlaldun, on, Friday, a quantity of stdnofell and btokoone of j his logs. . i Tlio sentence of death passed' tipdii Louisj Riol, the loader of tho recent rebellion in tlioj North- Westorn Province of Ounada, lias been j confirmed. He was triecl at pttawa jit the end; of July and tho beginiiiiig of August, and sen-; tenood to be hanged, but tlio jury recommended; tire. prisoner to inoroy. : : Mr Roberts having ariqouiio'ed . himself as a; candidate for the BbroUgh '.Opuhpil there «.re' three gentlemen to contest tifd seat,' which should. render tlio election lively. . TJiereris liRle time loft for vyavorors to imike up tlieir .ininds if they arc anxious to go to the poll, as to-iiiorrow after noon tlie nomination closes. . , 1 Messrs Young and Co., of Melbourne, the; agents for the Waltham watches, have a large, stock of tlioin in hand, which they sell from L2| 17s Cd upwards, and send tlie watches post freo. | Of late years theso watches have come into great 1 favour as good time-keepers. , There should.be no dissatisfaction now, exist ing in tlio minds of the farmors as lo" there., not. being'suffloieiit roin to render the harvest pros-: pools good. On Saturday evening rain foil in: torrents, and continued falling throughout the; night, t link giving tho ground a good saturation.; Yesterday tlio, weather was still unsettlod, and! several showors fell ill the aftsriiooii; Three candidates having been nominated for; tho two vacant seats in the Board of Advice "for; tlio School District N o. 190 of the North and j NVost Ridings of the Shire of Metcalfe, iui elec tion will take place on Saturday next. The; names, of tlio candidates who are contesting .the': olection are Messrs M'Lean, Normington, and' Oliver, all of whom are well-known residents in! tho district. j : An. accident happened last 'evening to Mrs j Jors, wife of Mr Jots, tobaocohist. Both were! returning in their buggy from Barkprs: Greek,' and when proceeding down tlie hill near the! residence of Mr G. B. Ryland, one of tho wheels: of the vehiole went into a rut, and Mrs 'Jors, : being in a. somewhat stooping posture: at, thai time, was .precipitated to the ground with great ; fores. It was found that hor right ; leg : was j brokon near the ankle. Drs Woolley and Muir- head at'teiided to the'sufferor. - ; I A prosecution is , to be inst-itutedhortlyi against tlio Rev." Alfred Rigg, Wesleyan Minister, formerly in charge of tho Castlemaine . Circuit, but now residing at Richmond. At; the instance of tho Registrar General, tho rev. gentleman is to. bo sued for a breach of tho ; Marriage aiid Matrimonial Causes Statute, lio having, it is alleged, married a minor without' the written, permission of the; parents,,; /"The brido was under age, but the parents are- not: taking aiiy action in the matter. Another mining accident happened at Yandoit late on Saturday night, but fortunately no serious consequences are apprehended. A miner named Gasper Pabich was working underground in the mine of the Grand Junction Co., when a mass of overhanging earth fell away, pinning Pabich. to the ground, and he received concussion of the spine. He was extricated as quickly as possible, and conveyed to the Castlemaine Hospital, where he was admitted about 1 o'clook yesterday morn- ing. The sufferer, who is a young man, was promptly attended by Dr. Button, and is pro- gressing favourably. Tlio cattlo brought into tlio Fair for sale oil Saturday wore principally milkers, and woro sold at good prices, L3 to L5 a head being realised: for them. 'Tho horses were prinoipally'light and medium draught,' bringing from LIO to L20. 'A; largo number of stud horses wero- paraded in the afternoon, nmougst which were several Clydes-: dales, tho progeny of Mr AY. 1'. . Cox's horses.' Amoiigat thorn was Yoluuleor,.a dark iron grey,, by Prince of Wales, owned, by Mr Jas. Mackay, ofNowstcnd. Horses from Barringhup, Mount Alexander, Strang ways, and the Kynoton neigh bourhood were represented, C. PritcliarJ re ports having sold at the Fair store' cows tip to-' L3, and horsos up to L25'. : Good ' spring cart: liorsos and light harness were in fair dpmand. Mr. Hamilton WUsod, the Scotch vocalist, wlio gave hie entertainment entitled; "Twa liours at' liiimo,". in the Theatre Royal' on Wednesday - eyoning, loft the town rather abruptly on Thurs-; day morning. He telegrapbed'oh tbat. evphing: from Maryborough that be had become ill, "but? would be in' Oastleniaino on Friday; biit as he did not turnup, his conduct haB been. a subject; of comment, for it. seems he left withopt: (jayipgl some debtslie contracted-.. . ,lylr A'. "'Hqwsb.n', who! travelled wii'h him to Maiqoharid Newstead,: and.played .the acoqmpan.iments to his, songs, aia . he likewise did at the- Theatre, has , thus .been liorehly used. .It is In be desired.that MrAVilson will recover bis etrength so, as to enable him to pay -Mr: fiowsoh,: also his ffiotel -bill, aiid: the! priuters, and clear off the cloud that' now- restb iip'on his name. , ; '" ' At a magisterial inquiry held at.'/My Cbap- mnii's hoiiso, Yuudoit on Friday, ...before.. ;Mr. Mackie, J.P., us to bow death -onsued. to a miner working tho Yandoit Freehold- Co., . it/ was elicited' that Charles i Clark was at-' work with Owen Hughes, in the mine about 4 o'clock in the morning, when some setB of timber gave 'iyiiy, and a great fall of earth c'airio' on Clark, entirely bui-ying him except a part of his head. Hughes, nearly escaped,, but lie was pinned by the legs, so that lie' cduld hot get free. All the lights .having /blown, out, the truckman went off and gave the alarm to the other miners' on the shift, who/quickly; dug. out, the unfortunate men. Clark spoke, to his mate after the fall of earth, but ho only survived about half-an-hour after being resoued. Drt Raid, who made the ' pbst-ihortciii' '-'examination, found that Clark had bedn tdrrihly orushed, and that he was suf focated, whioh was the finding returned' by the magistrate. Mr Nioholas the senior-Inspector of Mines; also gave evidence at the inquiry as to the'diUqn-'o'lhe; miio, wrhioll he reported fatejmSjly'.J' ' The timber was good, but ii slip of the. grophd had knocked away the oiips ' and standards. Clark was a single man, without relatives in the country. In his pocket were found a deposit receipt for L25,\ and a few nug: gets worth about L5. He owns some land ! and a house at Green Gully. ; . /The Rev. Jas. Ldwre, preached yesterday morning in the Weslbyan Ohiiroh, his text Being takon from Mark, And lie vaw tliqm toiling in rowing. for the wind was contrary unto them ; nndrabout thelourth watch of the night he cometh unto them: walking upon tlio; sea; " v The beautiful' lake, situate-!. in the midst of undulating ground, tnib'osomod in: the mountains, aimilaf to a seene'in; the Australian , Alps; was subjeot .to'severe'agitai ion and' storms from tbe' fierce' winds; which usually arose slid denly, and blew from the gorges and sides of tlio ffi'ouh tains. Tlie Saviour had : persuaded' the disciple's, after the miraolo of tlio loaves aiid fishes, to row across the lake, which was/about soven miles, and now in tlio fuding light" tli'ey woro iii the. midst, toiling because the wind was contiary aud the waves were high. ; More dis- tinotly - than we see oaoh. other Jesus sees his disciples in their troubles, sympathizes with' thom/.and comes to their relief. He looks but from' his jasper throne, and? sees ub : in" our diffi- cultioe andi tlaikness. , He can still the- storm, for He'is thelung'of Stornia';' therefore; row on, grip the oar, for though the darkness is extreme and the' waves aro very high, He is looking and prill Oqme to our relief, .fee sympathizes .wijffi, its in our tomporal troubles. Wo do not think onqlfgli' of how Jesus sympathizes with us in our temporal difficulties. ; In troubles of. tbe body and of the heart, lot lis trust in God, and do the best we. can. / He sympathizeeMn our: spiritual troubles' alsd.' '"In" every 'Christian lifo there is something-requiring incessant struggling.. Let us grip tho oar of faith, and row onwith re doubled vigour, for He soes!vnnd sympathisei with us, and will come to bur relief. . The debate. on thp address ip reply, Wps con- tiriuM In-ihe. SbjV'Hou'th Walds/Jtyojiibly On Friday/ niost of the speaking being on the side of tlio Opposition. Mr Stittor spoke at consi derable length',- aiid s&id; ?tliid GoverniiiBnt could take no credit for adopting the popular view on tho federation question.. .They were in harmony with tlio rest of tho convention, but ascertained that tho Federal Council Bill was agaiust public Bpntime.dtpand backed out at the.elpyeiitlijliqur. Quite A sensation was caused duriiig Mr SuHor s spoqeh whonihs stated that ope. of the,. captains in the Soudan Contingont exhibited cowardice during the campaign, ; Ho said it was common talk that tho nfficor in question, while behind a zareba, with tlio onemy firing nt a long distance, got behind his men, and crawled away 011 bis stomach to sholtpr. Mr Suttor had been told it by 'men iind bfflcbrs' bf His o wn cbm'paiiy..' Tliore wore, orios of: "Name;"innd: theiMiflister uf Works said that wilo«;|.l.te -w",s revealed, a stigma would, rest , oq. all the iifficeys. Mr Suttor then/' taicij'-nS hb liiihly -bslieved the chargq cbuld/ bo, Substantiated, ho(. /wutjld ; not hesitato. 'Tlie' naiho of- the, officer was Captain Mulhollnnd. Tliii inteliigeiice was evidently re ceived with paiii by the House. . Sir Alexnndor Stuart said jje. M?.: nlal tBr: truo.suoli cowardice called fbr exemplary punish ment. The produco stores "of Seaton Brothers, Orange, were destroyed by fire on Friday night. The, estimated loss is fi'brnl'L15pO, tutL1800.- : A" Sydney woman 'nained Rya'n" obtained "'a verdict of L500 in tlie.Sydnpy Supreme Court 011 Friday from jt.he Goyerpment, as compensa tion for injuries sustained wlieii alighting from a train when in motion. A robbery on a large Soalo is reported from one of tlio leading warehouses in Sydney. . The disccfvory w/aa made tjiat ii series of robberies, suspected for some time "past, had beeii carried on in quo of , tlio principal mercantile firms— a branch' bsiabliabed for several 'years in' Sydney in connexion w.ith .-one .of - the : chief ; pro, vision firms of Melbourne. The robbery, as far as ascertained, covers a loss of from L1000 to L1500. It was systematically carried out by the collusion of an employee of the firm with an out- aibo -.person, , the sj'stem ndopled being to. trafi'Sr for "goods froin'tiie wajeliouso "tu -the hands of aCCpmplicBS., u . .. . , ... . There are as ydt no 'symptoms "(writes 'the Wellington oorrespprideut nf, the 'Ago') of re turning- property ill New.Zeaiand, and a dearth of employment iprevails jn piapy parts of. the polony, the unemployed demanding /that the GoverhmVnt should give tliem road-making and not 8tnne-breakiag; to dq uptil the surplus labor tof , the country can be .absorbed iiu. other ! ways. Business is almostu.at standstill in the two principal cities of the south, and the day before yesterday there was a big "smash" in Dunediu, the firm of. l(eill .Brothers suspending, payment, with liabilites a'mouutiiig.io about. L60, 000, of .whioh L32.00Q is „dpe,;te Henty .Brothers;- of Melbourne. , It is expected that this failure will bring. others in its traiu.- . / I11 the.aportiug world thero were few peptic/ men more widely known and respeotod than-lho late Mr F. Hamilton, who died in Sydney 011 Friday evening. Under.tho 4 nom do plume' of "Nimrod'a Ghost" and " Tout- Cola," Mr Hamilton for tire past thirty years (says the ' HeraldO ciirttribiited tb the Anstraliaii sporting press. Born hi the South of England ' about the year ' 1820, Mr/ ' Hamilton came ' to the colonies more than'thir ty1 Voars' ago, and soon established ave'pulation foi'hiinself qs an amateur rupri'br in AoiipdeJ' ffoiii . wiionc.e ;lio shortly afterwards sajied .tb Tabmqina aiid.Nbw Zealand, where." for. spuie timte'.Iib becupied a.promineut positipn amongst .ovynera ,pf , raeoliorses, Mr Hamilton leaves a widow., and four children.- in indigent circumstances. -M .. .i . o:'.,: A telegram /from : Adelaide in, Saturday's 44 Herald'/ reports j-44 It was found/this mprn- ing that another attempt had- been -made to wreck' a train last night. A special train; con; veying liis ExcBllonoy the Governor, and soveriil membflrs -pf the Ministry ahd Parliament passeij ihrohgli Poi't Wakefield ; Inst. night on tho Way home from tho ftioonta feBt(vitie3. At tlie, first level crossinga stringyabark railwasplaoed acrosB tholine, but. fortunaiely, the; rail, being; thick, .waB 'caught by -the cow- catcher and thrown aside without any. damage beins douo. lt is not known who placed the obstruction on the lino; ibtit.:it)is thought the design was not 'on the Governor's life, but"' on' tiio lives' bf tlie meinbers of the Ministry, whose tariff 'policy "is especially dis tasteful to farming classes. Every effort is be ing made to track the scoundrels whose -attempt to wreck /tho; train "with; su.chyiyajuable, jliyes 011 board so signally .failed.! - When tho" dis covery was mado known to-day it-created an in tense excitement. 