Itisihen surrel on hyayounger meniberof the ir,, i who has related what he,takes.to be a re- , narkhble ierfonnanco, Itittho champion darnere istt his' Iet. \\\Why that aidt nothin' at all'" he 1 udialiis, as a young sailor finishes a yarn about friendi of hil that: swan-the English Channel. lIt .il't nothin' at all;: yoiwouldn't never think I of m-nichtiooni' such child's play s that if you 'd I a* knowed Bill Hollinsw.tth"' " : . "'Why,'what did lie do? Tell us about it;, eomes fromn all parts of the fo'c'sle; and the port rntch'of the ship Queen of the Seas gather about their favourite story-teller. '" ": ! ' " 1 he old salt rolls his quid from aide to side in his iapcions month, as if recalling the particulars of the story',' cleas his throat;'and bgin:' . "'t e an'.this yer Ilollinswortli was. shlipmats on;a v'y'ge to "Liferpoo ..Bill were the inost I entertainin' chap I over.met. Couldn't he'ipin'a yarn! an' weren't he ijo'iial fellow,a' a hoiest munf.rom keel ti'teek.!""Ye've hoard iis' tell how he' weirndischargedl fromin Her .:Britannic lajesty's sloop-o'.war Who's'Afeard--which'ho joined to stand in fur the grofiratioil-fur a-bein' drunk in the tops: Well, hle w'ere always the same: an' no misfortune in life couldn't change his ipleasat s-nshinyways al' mnake him,knuckle down totl s'arn realtiesof life,! ,?'ow we hadn't lieeti out moren five days on the trip to Liver po!o when the glass. (barometer) ' began to.fall: il weh knowed we was a-gon' fur to catch it We iiasi 't disapp'inted. All handa was sent aloft fur to 'ttke in the royals an', to'-gallan' isils, an' pretty soon eo got the o?der flur to reef the. top sails, When our side went below, I missed BilL,. W \Vhere' Ilill Hollinswoith?' says 1-"'i ain't see him sincehe wore out on the fore-top,: sail-ynlrd with' me,': sys thlico''ne. Well, wu looked all over the ship. an' Bill were nowhere to be fonnd--io we came' to the eoncldion that he had . fl ,n overboard, an' he was set down as havin' lust the number of his miaess A few days iftir this, when thd storm .had passed, we begin to hear strasigi 'sounds down in the after hold, which were chock-hablock with prowaisons ail wine. h?ntos less ioisdi fo 'ai there!' says the cap' ione cvenin', a' he looked dowin into the fo'o'le.-' Thereain't no noise.here: it's allaft,' says?'the iri?witeri.' Jost th'ei,.' We re a jolly crewi'that sail th the mat;' ciil'rdis'telo after Iulkhead.-' Its ghestal' rays the cook.-' Ghosts don't sing as iell as that,' a)s the cap'n. Never: theless, the ..ord ,was 'itusel that' there was chosts aboard: an' yon can give a good guessthat the sounds of singi' an' daucin' that'came up out of the hold every night didn't do nothin',to con tradict it , Then somebody said it was rats; but rats onldn't sing -ltRollin' Home inthealornin', ]Boya,' which was a favourite song of Bill IHo: linsworth'k, : Well, I one ' night when . the songs' an' chorosea .r ere 'a-goin' on 'at a high rate, the mate came for'ard with' the cap'n: Ilotlh ,is iale as ghbst 'Thcre's somoe one drulk dowi In thie fo'e'sle,' says tlhecap'n. 'An' heenade a dive all round in the darkness with a hand-spike. 'It's nr'oas,' says the cap'ione day, 'how all these stores are disappearin', an' no one aseatin' of'em.': Y\'ell, pretty soon w got'in to Liveriool; an: me. ~a' "iny rietaie?dt'our 'libdrti. nm'"went nhore.: We' w-a'-strolln' titde' a'dalon." whoea I'm blaerd 'if 'We didn't 'see'o" the lhost of ;ill Ilollinscorth a-leanin' on the bai'an' a talkin' with the laidladm'in a ?'ridee?lhich woere the wery image of Bill!' J1 ,iilniny n;ate Was about to wear around an' run aay, when Bill lie sees us, an' he singe ot;, 'lclack' r aIaiittdpsail'and come along side!' 'oiivodidjo'"et her? says a i,whenImade sure it were really till niil not his ghost ,,'Swan,' says he.' An' he never wouldn't let onthat he got here any other muy. Well, the story of ]lill's big saiim soon got over to Liver?ool. as' he was a great man.' 'Most people believed every word of it; but miSt of the chaps aboard 'our slip didn t believe hd swainat all, but said hlie slipped down into the hold where 'the prowisions were; an' enj'yed hisself the heull v'y'ge, aneatin', a-drinkin', a-sing in'han' s-danein., Sich '" sight ye never seed as w'hen they broke out the cargoe. Etnpty'bottles, hauii-lboes, half-eaten cheeses, an' cane that had once had fruit an' wegetables iin 'en! were thrown around in every direction:' The calin was like a crazy man, an' swore he'ld get even with Bill, or his ghost, or whatever it were that had had like to eat the cargo upli' lnt Bill swore: he didn't know notlhin' at all iAbout it, ai' was took aboard oi' the return trip.: Silgarli to relate, however,' he I'was really lost "orerloard in a storm. Some say as' how Bill as' lost on the' last trip, an' that it was only his ghost that .es ssee a-talkiin to the landlady aim' lho'lftorwardsn shiped for the re turn v'y'ge u ut,? lie"that as it maiy, we never iegaihaset eyes onto iill Hollinawortli or his ghost" Fronilin' II. JSoit, iin Lilipincolfa .ieonthly,. 