BREVITIES. ♦ ? Board of Health— the washboard. Double murder and suicide in Adelaide, gnaz Canal blocked for about ten days. Sir Alexander had better drop the G.F.S. (Something moat be done ?with the Blackfriars Estate. A girl at least may smile and smile and be ft-'wilhn'. The Queen at present refuses to accept Gladstone's resignation. Humoured that the ' backbonelesa' Staffy North cote will form a Conservative Ministry. Mr. J. W. Downer (Attorney-General in the Bray Ministry) is forming a Cabinet in Adelaide. Summing up on Monday in the Supreme Court case Maonamara v. the Municipality of Fire Dock. Some interesting exhibits were shown at the meet ing of the Medioal Society on Friday evening. An. entomologist has discovered 700 species of in sects in oar parks. This does not include the dude. '- Sisters,' but not 'cousins and aunts,' will be admitted to see the Contingent at the Victoria Bar racks. . . 'Now your talk has the true ring,' said the girl to her lover when he began to speak of a diamond circlet. The balance of that _J10,000 will come in handy for a few more picnics to find water and pronounce it useless. Latest from the Zoo. : A mild toddy for a sick ele phant contains five gallons of rum. This is a world of compensations. People who travel by the 8 a.m. train from Parra matta have time for breakfast while the train is blocked at Granville. To- morrow evening in West's Academy Dr. rorlt^ the American orator .will lecture on the 'Science of Life and How to be Happy.' - \- 'Don't you think, my milk is pure?_ ^said the ifiilfanftti to his customer. ' No, sir, it ain't, not by a long chalk,' was the reply. The man who misses all the sights on one side of a street, and sights all the misses on the other is quite numerous in these days. _ -f A newspaper advertises ' custard -without mUK._ This is nothing unusual. Most custard nowadays is made of flour and water colored yellow. Fireman Edward Hoodie, the victim of the recent tramway accident, is gradually recovering from the effects of the shock to his system which he sus tained* A correspondent wants to know whether sleeping in the open air is healthy. Of course it is. Whore will you find any healthier set of men than the police ? . A rich gold mine is said to have been found in North Queensland. Pshaw! some Charters Towers girl has simply lost the filling out of her front teeth ; that's all. ' ., , A man's body was found under tne bridge at George's River on Friday. It is supposed that he fell over the bridge on the previous evening when at tempting to cross. . . Petershamites were jubilant recently in anticipa tion of their having a new railway station, but beyond another small ' shed' being erected, nothing has yet been done. It was unanimously decided at a large meeting m Granville on Thursday night that the ' Birmingham of Australia' should be the place of nomination for Central Cumberland. Wife— Oh, Samuel, I have just seen a ghost ! Samuel— Oh, your granny! I don't bebere in spirited Wife (indignantly)— You don't, hey^ well, you had better wear a false nose, then. ' A dress should not be like a steam whistle, sayl Osoar Wilde recently. He meant— this poor pscar tbat a- dress should not be 'loud'— online wag afraid to talk slang. ?' Affected idiot.. / ' ? 'Look here Alderman Williamson, if you move Buch long motions you'll have to put them in writing. I can't reoolleot them all,' exclaimed the long suffer ing Mayor of Eedf ern on Friday night. ? First— Charming girl, that Miss Lucy, Jack. Second— Think so? I never could bear her. She always treats me as if I were an ass, you know. First ? Indeed, I didn't know she knew you. ' «.' Before we were married,' she sobbed, you ?would go out with me anywhere.' ' Well, what or itP' Now I don't believe you would even go to myfnneraL' ' Ah ! wouldn't I, though.' The nolice have made two arrests in connection ?with the reoent Wellington, N.Z., jewellery robbery ; on* in Wellington and another in ChriBtchurcn. ine yalne of the property taken is now givenat ;£800. The -unavailable for distribution {in Wanng Tay lor'8 bankrupt estates Wellington. N.Z is JU^)00, principally derived from the sale of the- stockin trade The creditors will receive about 3s in the £. In the days of the buccaneers of old a 'piece of eiirht' was a current coin in the Spanish main. According to Captain Beid, B_A., the 'fignre of nine' accurately represents the harbor of Charles Q P. Carey, the popular Australian comedian, at present playing in 'Youth' in Melbourne, and only a short time back from London, India, &c.;, las brought with Mm several new productions, which he intends to appear in on an early date. The Parramatta-road, Petershata, especially Tav ner*8 Hill is in a disgraceful state, pedestrians taring to wade to the tops of their boots in mud to crossthe thoroughfare. Surely the PetereLom and Leiohhardt councils might easily remedy the eviL Somethinjr has been said about a winding path teW made from the North Shore Ferry Company** sfega at Lavender Bay up into Walker-street, so that ?peopl* will not have to walk up nearly seventy steps ; 'but the question is— When is it to bebegnn? ^nold Canterbury (N Z.) settler, Mr.W 3W -JJS lias died. He arrived in the colony in 1851, and took to farming, but rendered professional assistance in promoting the Lyttelton tunnel. He was. an aB eociate of the institute of civil engineers as far back ^T© demonstrate the features of the harbor of Sevastopol, Captain. Reid* last night, drew on the the blackboard an exaggerated outline of a Boman nose, with, a wart alongside, the wart representing MaJakov. This feature of the lecture was muoh ' The Americans (both Federals and Confederates) did their soldiering in a business-like way,' re marked Captain Beid last evening. They were not bound by precedents ; they did their work on a verv large scale ; they did it in a business-like manner, and they did it by rule of thumb.' The Morrumburrah people are put to much .incon venience by the want of sufficient accommodation for xeeeiving goods at the railway station. Storekeepers, jniUers, &c.;, frequently have to cart their ' stuff ' from Harden, because there is not sufficient room for tracks at Murrumburrah. This should be attended i ** A Petersham Prowler' hopes that if the Cam perdown aldermen do build a town hall, they will encourage the young men of the borough to meet there and improve themselves intellectually, and not charge a prohibitive rate, as he alleges is done in Petersham, where the unfortunate young men are de barred from meeting for ' discussion class' or other purpose 'by the hist rent charged for a room. Business in Wellington (N.Z.) is remarkably brisk, and at the same time healthy and eonnd. The im provement as compared with this time last year is very noticeable, especially to anyone who has been absent daring the intervening period. No empty houses are to be seen anywhere,. and the demand for loose accommodation already is largely in excess of the available supply Th« danger of eating mushrooms in a raw.Btate lias been frequently pointed out. The Maryborough (V ) Standabd was the other day shown a dieh of nmahrooms gathered a few days previously and for gotten. The mushrooms had disappeared, and the black liquid left a sickening mass . of crawling in seets siring an idea of what would have been sw«l lowed bad the mushrooms been eaten when **!_* most conscientious man in Sydney discloBfca himself last evening- -A* Liverpool-rtree^ Airing a I heavy downpour, a passenger, whose ticket had not teen collected, ran round the tram calling for the oondnotor to receive bis fare. ' Where's the— some- thing— conductor?' was his exclamation; and although the cars were crowded with pious people, they freely f orgava the enormity of Hx language on I account of the hooBBby of the individual. I Bullock Eoart and Sports, St. Mary's. See £v__ Irara News.— Adtt. I jjrr York. Sunday evening, West's Academy. See Ilednre8.-_u-VT. I Tes t yon can obtain an allotment, 40 x 130, at iBlacktown Bailway Station, for £15 .mriji i 10s ?deposit, 10s mo__Jy. Call at once on C. T. Bnrfitfc, hlSTGeorge-rtreet.- Adtt. I grand assortment of men's and boys' winter units treryeheap, at Wilson'*, in Devonshire-street.— Advt. I Lecture, Science of life, West's Academy, Sunday ?are— ing-. — Advt, I y«3f a minute. If you want anything in clothing, ?try Siley Brothers, Oxford-atreet.— Advt. I Who is Webb? Why, the enterprising cash tailor lmd professor of the art of cutting. 48, the ooxnsr Efjebririne awl Kent street?.— Advt. ^ ? ^Theatre EoyaL Sunday evening. Thomas Walker lectures 'Biidtfia versus Christ.' Pnnbar, femous fcligh-steeet. Single bath, 3sj fonr tickets, 10s.— ? gold nodal artificial teeth, warranted «e£ la mi-aaxU sold, replete with every modem imprpve KXa^perfW&d; bythe Jngluet daw workman Ko for ttgnbutoM *J» AWplete «et oroer and KWer. Uu^MajhoOma «bn&fe; W filWetfa. 