AMUSEMENTS. Cottier's Pcoplc'B Concerts at the Protestant hall and : Mr. I. Smith's Anglo- Australian Com bination at the New Mnsonic-hnll will run as usual : to-night, and tho former on Monday. The fat baby boy at tho Australian Wax works is in splendid condition, and attracts admiring and envious crowds every night. Tho show lit open from 10 a.m. till 10 p.m. Fryer's circle; at Belmoro Park has been crowded every night, tho substitution of riding goats ill lieu of human beings being evidently appreciated by a discriminating public. This nf tcmoon (and every Snturday) there will lie a matinee ut 2 p.m., in addition to tbo usual per formance in tho evening. The Academy of Music, which has been un tenanted for thu past week, will bo opened to night by the Hicknrds-Lectb Combination, in cluding Mr, IlarryTtickards, Misses KatcLccto, Daisy Simpson, Nellie Wilson, Ada .Tiiiiccu, and Messrs. Ilarry Phillips, Harry Cremtm and Edgar Austin. The last-named goes under the soutirit/iiel of "The Lightning Cartoonist," and will npponr in the near and original absurdity "Brie-a-Brae." Tho Olympic rotnins its popularity, to which 5tr. ltivors-Allpross, ndth his eilicicut orchestra, undoubtedly contributes a large share. To-night h a.;. it l il. u:ii "Aula aim vruutiua aim kli . n in oiiii|iuu 9 44 Buttons," trill give place to 44 Don Juan, junr," another famous burlesque. Tbe performance will terminate with a comic ballet, by Mr. Simp son, entitled 44 The Dancing Scotchman." Tho sensational nature of Mr. Georgo Davrell'd productions at the Opera House scetus to have taken the popular fancy pretty well. "The Naked Truth" will lie played to-night for the Inst timu, and on Monday another of hi Australian dramas — 44 Transported for Lifo will be produced. Mr. Henry Tecce, who some time ago wan well known amongst uh as an amateur reciter, announce elocution recitals at the l'rotostant- liall on Tuesday, 5lrd prox. .Mr. Tueeo returns laden with laurels, which lie has won iu Now Zealand, both on the stage and platform. Last evening 44 Hamlet " was produced al tho Gaiety Theatre, and every part of tho house was crowded. It is often said that tlic production of Shakspuaro's plays in Sydney means a heavy loss to. the managepieut, but, to judge by the vast audience Hint sat out nud appreciated the immortal hard's greatest dramatic work, ns produced by Air. Dumpier, we arc inclined to believe that Shakspeare is a bigger success than Paul Murritt, Boucicault, or any of tlic modern sensational playwright. Tho stalls were well filled with a fashionable audience, aud tho gentlemen in tlic gallery in shirt sleeves and bare arms listened with breathless interest to the soliloquies of tlic melancholy prince and tho sepulchral revelations of thu rovul ghost. Who then shall say that in Sydney Sliakspeate is uninteresting, and, without professional 44 stars " to interpret his great works, a failure V Mr. Dumpier has played ilainlet many times in Sydncv ore this, and his reception hist evening was flattering, lie acted well, and showed that he hud made a study of the part. Alias C. Russell, as Ophelia, was satisfactory, and Air. B. N. Jones's I'otonius was a decided success. Mr. Edmund Holloway played tho Ghost capitally, his souorous voice being iu keeping with the sepulchral lines. Air. J. Ctesar, as the first player, was much applauded, and well merited tlic complimeut. At thu Gaiety Theatre to-night 44 The Black Flag," iu four acts, will be produced by Atr. Dampicr's company. The cast is a strong one, and the play hliouid draw a crowded house. Miss Alice Reus took her farewell benefit at tbo Theatre Royal last evening, when there u'ns a fairly large audience. " Patience " was the opera, and Miss Hues sang well. To-night 44 lolantho " will he revived, when Aliss Nellie Stewart will vn-unpear, and Miss Alice Barnctt will also undcrtaicor her original role of the Fairy Quccu. Air. Howard Vernon will essay the part of the Lord Chancellor. 