THE LAW OF CHRISTIAN PROGRESS. At Christ Church Pro Cathedral on Sunday morning last the vicar, Archdeacon Julius, M.A., preached a sermon on the law of Christian progress, having special reference to the young people recently confirmed. The archdeacon's text was Matthew xi., 11— “ Among them that are born of women there hath not arisen a greater that- John the Baptist; notwithstanding he that' is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.” After some introductory re marks, the archdeacon said—John, near the end of his noble earthly career, had probably to sustain severe trials of his faith. He sent messengers to our Lord, who returned him, as we know, gracious and inspiring answers. John was indeed a great man. There are two kinds of greatness— that which is inherent in the individual, and that arising from the position he occupies, the circumstances of his lifo and the social atmosphere of his time. John’s greatness was inherent or rather inspired of God. He was “ filled with the Holy Ghost.” He was great in character. Amid the meanest surroundings he yet rebuked the proud, luxurious despot of his age, and w:is able to prepare a way for the Prince of Peace. Still, with all this, the text stated that although “among them that arc horn of women there hath not arisen a greater than John the Baptist; notwithstanding he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he?’’ How can this be? While conceding to John his title to true innate greatness, lie was but Christ’s herald. The blessings of that kingdom of heaven, which came with power after John’s death, were shared by thousands who, while destitute of John’s gift, yet by reason of circumstances enjoyed a richer, fuller blessing. It had been remarked by an eminent writer that a schoolboy of the 19th century was, with reference to mental ad vantages, more favorably placed than was Socrates. Socrates was inherently a great man; his character was fixed, solid, and above the fear of death or violence of party. He had no disposition or occasion for any kind of deceit, no reason for appearing different from what lie was. Yet who can doubt that lie was totally ignorant of—could not even imagine —that which is commonplace to the school boy of to-day. Was lie, therefore, less a great man? I trow not. Similarly with regard to John the Baptist. The apparent paradox in the latter clause of the text was not one after all. It is simply an illustration of the law of Christian progress; other illustrations might easily be given. A schoolboy, who is at the top of his chess, finds he has an as sured position and comparatively easy work. Let him, however, be promoted to a higher class, he finds his work irksome and his position, although really higher, is j'et, relatively to his new class, lower. He ex periences at first apparent failure; what is for him a real progress does not satisfy him until he has mastered his environments, and is thus prepared for a further advance. Take again the case of a man who has led a successful, contented, worldly life. He is certainly at the top of his class, bat let a divine discontent seize him, some glimpse of the ideal, of Christ’s kingdom, visit his soul, he aspires to enter that kingdom, and is at first cast down at the immeasurable scale, the vast prospect before him. How, in the light of the spiritual life, everything merely earthly shrivels into comparative insignificance. There is, then, in spite of loss, real and en during gain. Applying those principles to the .eases of those young people who were confirmed on Sunday last, the Archdeacon begged them not to be cast down at feeling the importance of their -efforts to realise the great ideal which was before them. He also begged parents to sympathise with their children in their no doubt frequent failures in pressing towards the mark of their high colling, act* by no means to taunt them in eases of failure. He, the archdeacon, bad oectis'ws recently to remark on the failure in reiteration among our young people. To reawrate anyone simply for title or for earthly possessions was a work of a servile spirit. It would indeed he a gain if casting aside all mere traditionary reve rences, that which alone is worthy of reverence—the godlike in man; those whose characters have lieeii formed and perfected in the school of Christ. After some further remarks the archdeacon concluded cm affectionate and moat Impressive discourse, .Holy communion was then celebrated; the -archdeacon being celebrant TlrH e were upwards of 250 communicants. 