BBEVtTJGBSw' _ ? 4. ? Whit Monday. Queen Victoria 66. ? - . A child trarned to death at Bondi on Saturday. Nearly .£40 subscribed to the Xhomas Waiter de fence fund. ' A. Freethonght conference ia to {.be held in New Zealand shortly. ' : . . . .: . . tjhip Say of Cadiz made the ran from TJondon in eighty^one days. Husio every evening at the conversazione, St. Peter's, TVoolloomooloo. Very effective songstresses in the Central Polios Station on Saturday night. ' , Matterson V. Messenger over the champion course, for £iW, on Friday afternoon. A roan while mangling clothes on Saturday, waB taten ill and died in a few minutes. Ship Patriarch, Captain Plater, made the ran from London -to Sydney in seventy-five .days. The body of the man found aead in a verandah in Castlereagh-sfareet has Iseen identified. R.M.S. Sorata sails for London to-morrow, and E.M.S. Clyde for London on 'Wednesday. That Libesatob. again I Another meeting of the jaembers of the School of Arts on the tapis. The BaUarat Coubieb and Post urge the* police to shut the secularists' meetings on Sundays. ' It will take a lot of spiritualism to save the world,' remarked a professor to Gerald Massey. ' The world has never been lost yet,' replied he. BJ&S.; Austral made the voyage from Plymouth to Adelaide ia thirty -five days four and a naif hoars. Mr. Jos. Symes, of Melbourne, has been urged to contest a Parliamentary seat at 'the next election. The Melbourne Southern Cboss thinks that Mr. Joseph Symes should take Dowie's place in gaoL ' Poets are supposed by many people to be born liars,' remarked Gerald Massey on Sunday evening. 'Caution' suggests that a smart coasting or torpedo boat should be purchased with, the Patriotic Fund. C. E. Wood won the four miles bicycle race on Saturday, and beat the record of last .year by a second. , 'Tiiei-6'e too many Cooks now,' exclaimed one \- roics, and another shouted, ' Too many-cooks spoil thfe broth.' ? Church-street, Kewtown, is asph&Lted.as; far as the Kewtown Council is concerned. When will Camper down follow p. . 13.35.. ships of war gaily decorated to-day, the Royal Standard flying from H.M.S. Nelson and H.M.C.S. Wolverene. About 6000 persons at the Sydney Grammar School sports on the Association Cricket Ground on Satur day afternoon. ' The ghost of man can now be demonstrated to be a scientific verity,' remarked Gerald Massey on Sunday night. The Oxford .Quadrille Club, which has been established in Newtown for some years, now holds its assembly in the Town Hall. . A parsnip grown in Scotlandattained the enormous length of 44in, while one from Durham was shown to be 37in long1 and 17in in circumference. A supplement to the Govebns£E»t Gazette, issued on Saturday, proclaimed Tuesday, the 26th instant, a public holiday in Bombata. A telegraph office is badly wanted at Summer Hill. If a resident of that district desires to send away 4 telegram he has to go Ashfield to do so. ' We don't want to amalgamate ; there's too many jnosqnitos in Kogarah,' said a determined opposi tionist at the Hursfcville meeting on Saturday. The race over the champion course, Parramatta Eirer, on Saturday afternoon, between Harris and Nelson, for jGIOO, was won e_asuy_ by Kelson. Kr. O'Malley Clarke presided in the Sedfern Police Court to-day. Michael O'Brien was fined 10s for drunkenness. There was no other business. The National Anthem was sung in St. Philip's Church, St. Andrew's (Summer Hill), and various ether churches in and around Sydney yesterday. The postal authorities have learned a lesson. Arrangements have been made whereby an early de livery of mails is insured for Macdonaldtown. ' 1 would suggest that the proposed municipality bs called Cook after the graat circumnavigator,' said a speaker at the Hurstville meeting last Satur day. great success in New Zealand. Their latest seances have been held in Kumara, in the province of West land. Dr. J. E. Taylor has begun his Australian lectur ing tour in Adelaide. The opening lecture before an enthusiastic audience was on The World before Man.' The Bishop of Lichfield has upheld the action of a clergyman ot his diocese, who recently refused to give some unbaptised children the books they had won. as prizes. The Warialda board for the destruction of marsu pials recommends that all districts be taxed, as they are under the Babbits Act, to prevent a stoppage of operations in future. 1 Saya) 'Gerald -Hassey :— Spiritualism is terribly iconoclastic. The old beliefs are rapidly breaking ap. Orthodoxy is Crumbling away, and its , chief ' exponents must either move on or move off. 'It's not likely we'll. join when we can prow cab bages in Eogarah^ and that's more than you can do in Hurstville,' said ono of the opponents of incorpo ration at the Hurstville meeting on Saturday. A luminous tree grows in a valley near Tascarora, K.S.A. At certain seasons the foliage gives sufficient light to enable any' one near to read smell print, while the luminous leaves can be seen a mile away. The Parliamentary Committee appointed to examine the'Criminal Code in Italy, nas almost una nimously agreed to the abolition of capital punish ment. Only two members voted against the proposal. At a mee'dng of Melbourne Unitarians, .£300 were subscribed toward their projected new church, whion is estimated to cost JE5000. Two leading Melbourne architects offered to furnish plans and specifications free of charge. . ^ Thus a Warislda correspondent : — Marsupials and dogs were allowed time to increase and multiply owing to want of funds. The local board was com pelled to notify that it was not. prepared to receive scalps for a time. The small birds of 2Tew Jersey sire fast disappear ing through the fashionable mania of trimming the head gear and dresses with them. In one small city aione, a bird-collector received an order from New York for 10.000 skins. A successful course of lectures by Dr. J. E.Taylor, of England, was concluded in Adelaide on Friday .be fore a crowded audience. After a visit to the Murray district for geological purposes, JDr. Taylor will sail from Adelaide for Melbourne. . . The board created in Warialda, under the Pastures and Stock Act, to deal with marsupials and dogs is much troubled about money matters. The assess ment raised and the subsidy allowed has been unequal to the demand on the funds. 'In how many of our towns in the interior will we ever have an efficient system of drainage ?' This js tie ' poser ** which Professor Anderson Stuart puts in reference to that scourge typhoid, which, is raging in various country townshipB% In consequence of the insufficient water supply, ferer is breaking out in , several places, and among them, in Alexandria..'' This is only a consequence to be expected from the bungling of the water schemes.; but who ought to pay the doctors P Some interesting details conoeraing the strength of European Freethought organisations have just been published. The three chief central councils are in' Barcelona, Milan, and Paris, with a roll of 11,000, 25,000 and 16,000 members respectively. The contest for the silver oup given by Mr . J. H. 'Ferguson, of the Lord 3feleori Hotel, Miller *(a Point, for the best tenor singer, whiah was to have taken ? ?place in the Magonio Temple, Clarence-fitreet, on Saturday evening, was postpone d forla week* ;~; -'??..' It is seldom reoorded in the annals of borough - ?council proceedings' that on one nigfetw ordinary jnesting ia ield, the minutes written up «nd a-eaoV and a new meeting convened. ~ Stum ns the loase in the Ashfield Borough Council on I^iday mg-ht. - Loyalty round Bedfern way «xhausts itself in crackers. While some congregations -vented ttteir feelings through the medium of the National Anthem, the ' outsiders '—or the people who do not attend; church — simply cracked off their enthusiasm. , Judge Windeyer «&ys; that the Banchriok Asylum IB not a boarding school to which parents can send 'inconvenient children. The best oooree for parents, therefore; is to desert the ypunjjsters, anfl ttea they will become fit subjects for admission. Why should hanging be the -only orthodox mode of capital poniehment ? Why ?eannot poison or an elec tric shock be n Bed ? That is the tjaepUon now being Debated in Melbourne, and there is something in it Jbe Sydney School of Arte might take the mbjecfcfor its next debate Aeermon was preached by tie Bishop of Sydney in St. Andrew's Cathedral yesterday trfteriooji, A±*h» wnclnsion of ike service, Mr. Younger, in fine atyte, played on the organ *he Rational Anj&em.; A uuge luunber of persons who were present jcemamfed, stand-, ing until it was^nished. ?, Professor Anderson. Stuart, -?writing on the pre » faience of igrphoid I ever m Sydray^ya— ' fowbly, I *aen the ifepeaa supply o£ prater «omes, and we I wre a system of drainage, these meMnm-may be I 'ess needed : bat we may ba.ro *P wait long lor tbiB, I and onr need is immediate.' I A etring of 'novelties' intheplaoe of^arsiefiyug I to-day from the top of » liou»e in Btfmatn, aaar Mort's Dock. An oldbatla at#a«op of .flM/iittfi ; then follow an old white shirt, anflieoked jaitfo,* woman's sown, and at the botfcbin are tfK-£*iiS'Of women's Btockuage. * ^- , « The tramcars hare bj lay the BaytpTightaaB othy Sf^S?11 %sublw *W#pj »mttaig;wwal*»ta pe further aavantage thatHM»yc*D.«e«Tafta»wdett to any extent without -i»oomng.»?|e*ali»«ni»l$y-. Ought they »ot ^ be lioen^l^AoaCniWdt-fttmi'i I. &iaaionerfi;, like OroinarF onaabnpfiB? Bh. J6t»JStt timaa? ;.,',,' . i ?? 1 A Narrandera correspondent telegraphs :— Great dissatisfaction exifits in MarrsnViera owing to the inactivity of- the Governuient in sanctioning the formation of «a volunteer corps.. It is now over three weeks since the neaesaayiy petition was sent in, and Tip to the present time nothing definite has been heard. / For some time the -question has been agitated whether the footway should be over the pathway in Phillip-street, Newtown, tor beneath, it. The Mini ster of Works 'promised that the passage for foot passengers should be constructed as epeedily. Jas possible. Some time ago a fatal aoeideni occurred at the very spot. Following: is a statement of marsupials and dogs destroyed in the Warialda district since the Pas tures and Stock Acts came, into foroe in 1881 to May 2,1885:— 284,460 kangntoos, 177,998 scrub wallaby, 38,799 rock wallaby, 23J983 paddymellons, 1852 dogs f total, 533,092. Bonuses paid by board for same, ^14.512 8s Id. At the initiation of Edward, Prince of Wales, info Freemasonry, it was mtsnfioned by a pastmaster that ' no less than four of ' the softer Bex have, been ini tiated into the mysteries of Freemasonry. These were the Hon. Mrs. Aldworth, in Lodge 44, about 1735; Mxs. Beaton, a native of Norfolk ; a certain landlady of a Devonshire hotel; and Madame de Saintrajlles, of EVanoe. . Under the Divorce Act, an order to pay alimony to a wife or her attorney cannot be inforced. But the awkwardness is got rid of by making the money payable to the Court, and the Court then ordering itself to pay it; bat to the party entailed, non payment is therefore contempt of court. Whofiaya that there is no ingenuity in law making? More bungling in th» Sir. Alfred Stephen's precious Criminal Law Consolidation Act. It makes every minor offence not particularly speoified puniahable by fire years' penal servitude, and then enacts that the sentence shall convert the offence into a felony. . Tiie Judges hold that it does not apply to misdemeanors not mentioned in it, and consequently an admitted criminal hae got off soot free. \ Frank itewer, the ill-fated special correspondent, wrote in a private letter: — 'The rebels (?) are in the riffht. and ^God ' and chance seems to be fighting for them; and as long as I live to see you once more, I hope they will hunt every Egyptian, neck and crop, out of Jhe Soudan. Better a thousand times the barbarities oi shivery than the detestable barbarities and crimes of the Egyptian rulers.'' ' 'A Master of a Harbor Steamer' writes to oom plain that the Water police do nothing to prevent the overcrowding of steamers on holidays, and in stead of assisting captains or owners in preventing the crowds from crushing on board, stand by and afterward summon those wio try their best to com ply with the regulations. In afnneetion with the commission of inquiry as to the best means of irrigation, Mr. J. M. Smith writes that in the counties of Ashburton and Bangitata, 2f.Z., an extensive system of irrigation is now being carried out. Nearly 2000 miles of ditches have been out through lands whick were previously very ba^-e and unproductive. The works are being done by the counties, and the funds are provided by a rate levied on the hinds benefited. : Ashfield Borough Council has a model set of bylaws — not only worthy of inspection, but also of adoption by kindred bodies. The. 10th clause of the bylaws is to the effect that no member should speak for more than five minutes without the consent of the council. This clause probably accounts for the orderly char acter of the proceedings and the amount of business transacted by the council. When ?judgment was being given ia the Queen's Bench that two solicitors should be struck oS the rolls for alleged misconduct in their professional capacity, Mr. Justice ilanisty spoke of a case which had recently come before himself, when a plaintiff had recovered .£50, and his solicitor had made him out a bill of costs, ehoying-fchat he was not only en titled to receive notfiing Tirom the solicitor), but, on the contrary, was over £X in his debt. With the view of augmenting the parochial funds of St. John's Church, and as a means of entertaining the juveniles, Mr. E. Scott, the noted pyrotechnist, has been engaged to give one of his finest displays of fireworks en the Ashfield Becreation Ground at 8 this (Monday) evening. The advantage to numerous heads of houses, who according to custom have to give their youngsters an annual pyrotechnical treat, is obvious, as the latter get tho benefit of wit nessing a finer display than -they otherwise would without the danger of blowing, themselves up, and paterfamilias does not run the usual risk of singeing his eyebrows off. Previously to the departure of Mr. Jeremiah Murphy, who left for a tour through 'the old country in B.M.S. City of Sydney on Thursday last, a number of his friends entertained him at a banquet, held is Mrs. Martin's Assembly Boom. About forty gentle men sat down to a splendid repast, provided by Mr. Cripps of Pitt-street. The chair was occupied by Mr. John Macintosh, M.L.C., and the vice-chair by Alder man Meeks. Among the company were Aldermen Buckle and Hart, Kesarg. F. J. Macarfchy, E. J. Eabie, H. L. Dunn, J. Davis, Callaaan, and Barnett. After tho loyal toasts had been honored the chairman proposed 'Our Guest.' Mr. Murphy, in respond ing, thanked the company* for the kind manner in which they had drunk his health, and promised to do everything that lay in his power for sunny New South Wales while on his travels through the old country. Other toasts were propose? and responded to. , Ladies' and children's ready-made dresses, fashion able styles, very cheap, at Eiley Brothers. — Advt. Tattersall's Consultations. — Contingent Stakes, June 6. First horse, -6500. Now open, filling fast. Address — Tattersall, care G. Adams, Tattersall's Hotel, Sydney.— Adtt. ' Beach's' Consultation, Contingent States, June 6th, 1000 subscribers 10s each. Please register letters. Beach, care of J. 6. Deeble, Deeble's Hotel, Eing-street. Thanks for patronage. — Adtt. Prize essay .£50, on page 7 of 'Tear Book of Aus tralia.' Time extended to June 30. — Advt. 