THE EVOLUTIONARY SQUADRON. The main portion of the squadron com missioned for special evolutionary move ments, under the command of Admiral Gr. T. PMpps Hornby, assembled within Port land breakwater on Tuesday. Many of the vessels had been anchored in the bay for several days past, where they have partici pated in some experiments in torpedo practice, both day and night, the electric light being employed in the evening manoeuvres. On Tuesday all the most necessary vessels of the experimental squadron had arrived, and Admiral Hornby determined to put to sea at once without waiting for the smaller ships of the fleet. The squadron is the most imposing and powerful fleet which has ever been gathered since the launch of the first ironclad. The 13 ironclads which lay in Portland Harbor looked imposing enough in them selves as they rode at anchor, heads to sea, -with fires banked, ready to start at a moment's notice, while in their wake lay half-a-dozen gunboats and eight torpedo boats, also awaiting their orders to sail. These 13 ships were: — The Minotaur, flagship, Captain Richard F. Britten, Com mander Charles Le Strange; Hercules, Captain O. B. Fjtzroy, ,. C.B., Commander Francis Powell; Agincourt, Captain Frederick C. B. Robinson, Commander James L. Hammell; Shannon, Captain Edward S. Adeane, C.M.G., Commander Francis S. Haygarth ; Devastation, Captain Eight Hon. Lord Walter Kerr, Commander Robert B. Maeonaehie ; Ajaz, Captain Wm. II. Kennedy, Commander Eustace Rooke ; Hotspur, Captain Jrancis Durrant, C.M.G., Hecla, Captain Albert, ELM. Markham; Iron Duke, Captain Robert Boyle, Com mander George L, Foe; Sultan, Captain Richard C. Tracy, Commander Gerald W. Russell ; Lord Warden, Captain Percy P. Laxmore, Commander Henry G. Begpe; Repulse, Captain Henry C. St. John, Com mander Robert L. Groome 5 and Polyphemus, Commander Edmund T. Jeffreys. This number was augmented by the several gun boats and dispatch vessels and eight torpedo vessels already mentioned. All was quiet on board the fleet up to eight bells in the morning watch, when signs of activity began to manifest them selves in the firing-up of the boilers of the ships and the rapid plying to and fro of the whalers and cutters of the squadron between their respective ships and the flagship and the shore. The last messages were being dispatched by the ships' corporals, and the latest letters and dispatches were awaited until about 10 o'clock, when the prepara tions for departure began in earnest. The ships' boats were all called in and hoisted on board or on the davits, the booms were hauled alongside and safely housed, and all shore boats were cast off, while from vessel to vessel rapid signals were passed from the flagship Minotaur. This hardy and magnificent vessel, with her 17 guns and 400 feet of length, was only equalled in her dimensions by the Agincourt, which lay a cable's leugth away from the broadside of the flagship, and shared with her the aspect of strength and grandeur. In rear of the Minotaur was the torpedo depot ship Hecla, a converted merchantman, now registering 6,400 tons, which has been adapted to the uses of the service by some extensive alterations and additions to her defensive ness. Not only does she carry the eight torpedo vessels of the squadron, but has torpedo ports of her own, which form her chief means of offence and defence, as her only guns are six 4-pounders. One of the most powerful ships of the squadron is the Ajax, which was moored astern of the Agincourt. She is a somewhat unprepos sessing craft of 8,500 tons, carrying six heavy guns in turrets, and armed with all manner of torpedoes and machine guns, a sort of crow's nest being fitted in each of the tops of her two masts, from which Gatlings or Gardner guns can be fired. The Hercules (14), an armour-plated ship of 8,600 tons, lay near her, and was a good example of the style of ironclads of which the Iron Duke, Lord Warden, Repulse, and Shannon are smaller and the Sultan larger types. The Hotspur, with her grey hull and narrow beam, showed up strongly against the surrounding vessels of the squadron. She is also a powerful ship, having four guns of heavy calibre in her two turrets, and though a comparatively small ship, as her tonnage of 4,000 indicates, she is heavily-armored and protected by water-tight compart ments. The Devastation, the most singularlook ing monster of the whole fleet, was anchored on the fringe of the equadron and abreas of the Breakwater Lighthouse. This queer looking craft, which has been likened to nothing so well as a noatingianding-stage, carries 4 guns of 35 tons in two turrets, which are the only parts of the ship visible above the water-level decks, except a slight promenade deck and her signal-mast and funnels, all of which gear seem only to have been made to be shot away in action. She has, in addition, a powerful ram, and she has been fitted with torpedo tubes and netting — her sides having been pierced for the reception of the former. All her bulk is below the water-line, and to lookat what is visible it would hardly convey the idea that she had a tonnage of 9,330 and could carry 1,200 tons of coal. When the preparations of the ships for departure were in full play, the torpedo ram Polyphemus was sighted outside the harbor, and presently she came in and anchored alongside the Minotaur, where speedily she became an object of curiosity to most of the seamen in the fleet, to whom she was a novelty. This ugly looking object — for she can scarcely be called a ship — is one of the class of cigar ships which are built for offensive tactics with torpedoes, and is, in fact, a torpedo boat on a large scale, but in addition carries an adjustable ram, a dozen feet in length, which can be removed if necessary. She is a most sombre-looking craft, all about her being painted dull grey or black, even to her funnel, which is not even relieved by the regulation yellow lime-wash used on board most of her Majesty's ships. She presents a remarkable appearance when steaming-, the whole of her hull, except the turtle-shaped deck and funnel and a small hurricane deck, being below the water, making her look like a water-logged steamer on the point of sinking. She has do guns, but relies exclusively on her ram and her torpedoes for fighting purposes; and has, moreover, a double bottom and watertight compartment, to say nothing of a false keel, which is fitted in sections, so that any portion can be released to lighten her in any particular portion of the hull. Though a little more ugly than the Devastation, she shares with that vessel the element of peculiarity, and is in herself a complete innovation in modern fighting ships. Her capabilities will be tested for the first time on this cruise, in which she will take an active part iu the evolution of the torpedo squadron. At a quarter to 11 the attention wae diverted from the Polyphemus to the flag ship, from which the signal for starting was given. The first of the ironclads to make a move was the Iron Duke, -which was anchored near the breakwater lighthouse ; but the Minotaur, Hercules, and Agincourt soon followed, steaming rapidly to the front, and followed immediately by the De vastation, Hecla, Polyphemus, Lord Warden, Ajax, Sultan, and Shannon, the full-rigged ironclads steaming in line, the Iron Duke leading, and the torpedo ships and mastless turret ships supporting them, disposed on each flank of the line, while the eight torpedo boats were disposed among the flotilla. At this juncture the converted hired Atlantic liner Oregon appeared from the westward and hove-to as the squadron was sailing into deep water. The Oregon, which is now armed as a cruiser with 64 pounder guns, fired a salute from the guns mounted at the break of the forecastle, and the Minotaur steamed to the head of the line to reply, the Oregon passing in to the harbor, her graceful outlines contrasting strongly with the heavier-built warship outside the breakwater. At present the des tination of the fleet is Bantry Bay, where the principal portion of the evolutions will be carried out. but the movements of the ieet afterwards have not been decided, and will be determined by circumstances. The Beet will be joined off Bishop's Light on its way to Bantry Bay by the corvette Con quest, 14 guns ; sloop Mariner, 8 guns : sloop Racer, 8 guns ; and the steel dispatch vessel Mercury, 10 guns, one of the fastest vessels in the Navy ; while the turret ship Rupert, 5440 tons, 4 guns, will proceed to Bantry Bay direct from Portsmouth. The Penelope, 11 guns, armored ship, 4,470 tons, and the Leander, 10 guns, steel cruiser, will proceed thither from Sbeerness. A convoy, consisting of the steam sloop Cormorant, 6 guns, 1,130 tons, the special service-steamer Seahorse, and the gunboats Medway, Medina, Snap, and Pike, will sail from PnrtammitVi fnr R&ntrv.; and the ixunboat Express, now on passage home, will also join the squadron at Bantry. This will make a total of 28 ironclads, turret ships, torpedo vessels, cruisers, dispatch vessels, and gunboats, in addition to which will be the 8 torpedo boats mentioned, this huge flotilla representing every type of vessel now in use in the British Navy. — Glasgow Weekly Mail, June 13. 'Diseases is very various,' said Mrs. Partington, as she returned from a street door conversation with Dr. Bolus. ' The doctor tells me that poor Mrs. Haze has got two buckles on her lungs. It is dread ful to think of, I declare. The disease is so various. One day we bear of people dying of hermitage of the lungs, another of brown creatures; here they tell us of the elementary canal being out of order, and there about tonsors of the throat; here we hear of neurology in the head, there of an embargo : on one side of us we hear of men being killed by getting a pound of tough beef in the sarcofagus, and there another kills himself by discovering his jocular vein. Things change so, that I declare I don't know how to subscribe for any disease now a-days. New names and new nostrils take the place of the old, and I might as well throw my old herb-bag away.' 'John Hancock Scott, did you have trouble with your wife?' ' Yes sah — a werry leetle,' ' On the street ?' ' Eight on de street, sah.' 'How did it come about ?' ' She stole money outer my pocket, an3 bought a pair of roller skates.' ' Ah — ha ! Caught the mania, did she ?' ' She did, sah.' ' Poor thing ! And you didn't want her to go?' 'No, sab. I cotched up wid her on the street, an' we argufied an' jawed an' got mad an' had a tussle.' 'Tally one more for the anti rinkers. Well, you were brought down. Ever here before ?' ' No, sah.' ' That's in your favor. Suppose I let you go ?' ' I reckon we kin kiss an' make up an' be happy agin', sah.' 'Well, you may try it, and if you can't succeed come back here and let me give you 30 days.' — His Honor and Bijah, D. F. Press. ' I wish I was a ghost, blamed if I don't,' said a poor fellow, the other night, as he sat soliloquising in the cold. 'They goes wherever they pleases, toll free ! they don't owe nobody nothing, and that's a comfort. Whoever heard tell of a man who had a bill again a ghost ? Nobody. They never has to buy hats, and wittals, and liquor, nor has to run arrants as I do. Their shirts never gets dirty nor their trousers out at the knees, as I ever heard tell on. Ghosts is the only independent people 1} know on. I wish I was one 1' ? _ 