cpit0tc Sc the Jlrama. THEATRE ROYAL. The Theatre Royal on Saturday night was crowded with the largest audience of the season to witness Tom Taylor's comedy ' The Over land Koute.' Some five and twenty years ago when this piece was first produced at the Hay market the overland route and any incidents by the way had an interest which hardly attaches to the subject in these modern and luxurious days of rapid travel. The opening scene of [the play is in the saloon of the P. and O. steamer Simoom, and the contrast between what might have been in 1860 and what is m 1885 could not be made stronger than by the plain paltry -looking saloon of the Simoom, and the carved and embellished interior of one of the P. and O. boats of to day. Just as the setting of this scene suffers by comparison, so do the business aud incidents of the piece, which were funny enough to cause intense amusement when originally pro duced, but come to us in a somewhat attenuated foim through having been used over and over again in other plays, and these mostly of the farcical order. 'Fun on the Bristol' is a rattling, roaring burlesque of Taylor's comedy, and owes its success mainly to the life and vigor that are thrown into the acting. A\re make the necessary 'allowance for a first night's representation, but 'The Overland Route' suffered on Saturday through want of smartness and the rapid following of incident with dialogue, there being occasional lapses in which the performers were missing from the fetage, and the prompter filled the situation. It is but fair to the principals, however, to say that they were not the offenders. In 'The Overland Route' the dialogue generally is witty and amusing, and the plot, is sufficiently entertaining to interest the audience, so that everything depends upon the performers themselves. At the opening we find Mrs. Seabright (Miss Marie Lanyon) pass ing as a widow and receiving the atten tions of Sir Solomon Fraser, K.C.B. (Mr. Grenfell), and Mr. Commissioner Colepepper (Mr. Thynne). Mrs. Lovibond (Mrs. Chip peudaie) is also a 'grass' widow, and the friend of Mrs. Seabright, but they are a little jealous of each other's conquests, as Mrs. Lovibond lias a devoted admirer in Major McTui'k (Mr. Mortyne). Captain Clavering (Mr. Willougliby), n, masher of the first order, i« badly gone on Miss Colejiepper (Miss Gwen Lnnyoii), but this interesting young person, ivilh the perversity of her sex, lias discovered an old friend in a steerage passenger, Tom Dexter (Mr. Cates), who is a literary and medical Bohemian down on his luck, but who lias shown his real grit in jumping overboard to rescue a passenger, and is appointed by the captain to act temporarily as surgeon to the ship. Tom Dexter now becomes the guardian aiigel of the erring ones on board. He informs Mrs. Beabright that her husband is a friend of his, and he will not permit her to accept a diamond necklace from Sir Solomon nor coun tenence an offer of marriage from the Commis sioner. He learns that Mrs. Lovibond's hus band left her some ten years before, but that lie is actually aboard the Simoom in an assumed name, and that neither he nor his wife are aware of each other's presence. Lovibond (Mr. Musgrave) is very sick, and more than this he is arrested by a detective on suspicion of being a notorious forger. A good deal of fun is occasioned by Mr. and Mrs. Lovibond ere they are brought together, and then Lovi bond's troubles are not over, as he is called out by the fire-eating Major McTurk. These events occur in the saloon and on the deck of the Simoom, but as the vessel is wrecked on a coral reef we find the characters in the third act in a more or less dilapidated condition. Tom Dexter performs wonders ; assumes command of the party, as the captain is disabled, settles everybody's grievances, furnishes medical advice and comforts tor the sick, finds the missing deeds that make Miss Colepepper an heiress (and marries her afterwards), restores Mrs. Seabright to her husband, discovers the poltroon spirit of MeTurk, and aids Loyibond to get out of the clutches of the detective, as the real forger is found stowed away and dis guised. Tlie principal ?weight of the piece falls upon the shoulders of Mr. Cates, and he maintains it in the most creditable manner, playing naturally and with ease, and winning the approval of the auditory. Miss Lanyon is a charming would-be widow, and manages her ancient lovers very dexterously till her husband arrives, and she falls like a fond aud anxious wife into his arms. Mrs. Chippendale is of course all 'at home' in a part that she has played from hergirlhood, and she makes some admirable byplay in her love jiassages. with the major,- and, k-iZ Rssimjed fright at seeing the ghost of a man in her cabin, and that man her niis3ing husband, Lovi bond. Mr. Musgrave gets a good deal of fun out of this ghostly personage, but he occasionally plays somewhat too palpably to the gallery, although his antics and his gags are conducive to laughter. The other dramatis ]-ersonie are — Captain Smart, of the Simoom, Mr. Baker ; Kardity, first officer. Mr. Fitz gerald ; Captaiu Clavering, Mr. Wiliousfhby ; Tottle. steward of the Simoom, Mr. Harrison ; Moleskin, a detective, Mr. Aspiiiall ; Limpet, Sir Solomon's man, Mr. Wiseman ; Mrs. Grimv.ood, Miss Marie YvTiton ; Mrs. Rabbits, Miss Maud Lonsdale ; Ayahs, Misses Heuaig and Adiiir. ? ♦ ? The firs-t of tl.e second series of organ recitals by Mr. T. II. Jones was given in the Town liall on Monday evening, February 9, in the presence of a lai-ge and appreciative auditory. The performance opened with Haudel's fine overture to the 'Occasional Oratorio,' the various movements in which this composition is written being played with Mr. Jones's accustomed success. The Larghetto by Beet hoven, which followed, was the g-em of the evening. This number is taken from one of the master's greatest works, and certainly we must compliment the organist upon the manner in which he interpreted this diffi cult selection. Being written for a full orchestra in the oi-igmal symphony, it ne cessitated on the part of Mi1. Jones a comprehension not only of the composer's ideas, but also that of conveying the cor rect orchestral effects. The offertoire which followed is the grandest of Batiste's compo sitions, and displayed the city orgau to the best advantage. The piece de resistance, as far as appreciation on the part of the audience was concerned, was undoubtedly ' The Smithy in the Wood.' \Ve have already described this pretty composition and the effect produced justifies us in expressing the hope that Mr. Jones will repeat this numl)er at a future re cital. The performe'i' received quite an ovation at the termination of the piece, and the organist in response g-ave Bocchenni's cele brated minuet. The Largo from a symphony in G, by Haydn, f oiiaed in itself a ricli treat for those who are fond of the beautiful and sympa thetic music so characteristic of this composer, and the programme closed with a fantasia on Meyerbeer's ' Les Huguenots ' arranged by Mr. Jones, the various numbers of which were rendered in that _ gentleman's best style. Altogether the recital was a great success, and the continued increase in the number of the audiences who attend these popular per formances testifies that the object Mr. Jones has had in view from the beginning, viz., that of promoting a taste for high-class music is being achieved. 