Tub hoarts of a pooplo of warm and ge nerous impulso liko that of Victoria aro apt to well over with gratitude at tho decease of a distinguished publio matt who has sorvod hie country moro ma terially than bo has studiod his own private intorosts. But as tho colony grows in importance, as its historv broadens, and its years incrouso, it is not difllcult to forsoo that porsonal pocuniary endowments by tho State aro likoiy to attain such huge proportions as to bo- como oxtromoly burdensome to tho go- noral tuxpnyor. Not tho least among tho inducements to migrato to tho Aus tralian Colonies has been tho considera tion that tlio sottler would not be stifled, .harriod, and worried -.to death by tho apparition, book in hand, of tho inoxor- ablo ghost of tlie tax-gatherer. Taxes for this, for that, for ovory conceivable object oithor for use, convenienoo, or luxury, confront tho British taxpnyor at every turn until, sighing for relief in some distant but friendly haven, he mulct's up his mind to migrate to those shoros, comforted and consoled by the conviction that, at length, he has es caped from tho land of pensions and tnxes and taxoa and ponsions ad infinitum. But some sort of taxation, whether the imposition take the form of ad valorem duties on our imports, or direct taxation, is absolutely nooussary to the mainten ance of law and ordor us woll as the ad vancement of tho goneral community in tho higher grades of oivflisation. Vie- toria alroady boaBts of a land tax, and yonr by year our oulonial Chancellor of the Exohequor finds it noceosary to grndually ieeroaso our responsibilities in this diroction. But there aro somo tnxes moro obnoxious than others, and wo shull havo loarnod a useful losson by our colonisation if wo hositato to go to the oxtromo longths which have made old-world oxistonae a struggle for doar life— an oncuuntor in which tho woakost moroilossly and hopolessly go to tho wall — never in nine oases out of ton to rise again under tho load heapod upon them. Tlio lino of demarcation has, however, to ho drawn somewhere. Day men t of morahors was rosorted to partly on the principle that, the labourer is worthy of his hire, and partly becauso thero was no sufficiently numerous middle-class from which suitable men could bo drawn to roprosent the com munity in Parliament for the honour and glory of the position; but we fear that tho impartial historian of tho future will not describe the payment system as boing the perfection its advocatos pre dietod it would be. Personally, in a rich and prosperous colony like Victoria, wo should havo been glad to soe suffi cient unselfishness manifested to do away even with tlio ailooatioa of tho mudest honorarium voted to hon. mem bers as a recoup for their oxpenses out of pockot; but as the spirit of demo cracy is considered too precious to be strangled on the plea of false oeonomy, tho Bystom has been experimented upon — not, however, it must bo oonfos9od with the happiest results. It wus to bo tho soveroign panacea for all tho poli tical ills aud drawbacks wo suffored ; a preventative of place-hunting ; a specific for faction fights and purty scheming and quarrelling, and, above all._ the doath- blow to " proper representations" nnd backstairs influence. Wo say it has not aohioved all t <is ; but it may porhaps bo credited with paving tho way to ono or two wholosome reforms, such as the- Public Sorvioe Statuto. -Parliament has votod a sum-of £4,000 to tho widow and family of th'o late hon. gontloman who so long represented this constituonoy, and has sot aside about hnlf that sum on account of tho late Mr Hugh MeColl. The Stato will probably hardly grudgo tho tho fnrmor deoeosed legislator this token of post mortom affection, and apprecia tion ; but unhappily there is a serious principle involved in the making of those bequests. They establish danger ous prcoudonts and hamper tho froo pro gress of a ooinmunity. Mr Duffy's pen sion was graatod under a peculiar set of circumstancoB not likely to arise again, ho having boon a Minister of tho Grown for two yoars ; nnd then, again, somo who hnd not even completed that poriod of sorvico appiiod ' for and obtained a ponsion ; but that system was happily abolisliod. It is not to bo forgotten that Mr Grant for many years recoivnd a liberal salary as Minister of tho Crown, and tho duty was as incumbont upon him as upon any private meinbor of the community to make provision out of that allowance for tho subsequent noods of himBolf and family. But his name hns been identified with land liberaliza tion and agricultural prosperity, which his early efforts in tho Legislature tended Inrgoly to foster. On that ac count, and for sumo othor considerations which we nood not onumorute, we do not grudgo his family tho Stato bounty it iB proposed to bostow upon them, but those precedents creop up and are dangerouB to tho publio weal. In the onse of tho late Hugh M'Coll wo doubt whothor any real, solid plea fur post- obitunl rolief could bo sustained if tho argument were pushed to its legitimate longths. Ho had no business in the Houso if ho could not sustain tho posi tion undor tho circumstances, and could have oarnod moro money outside it ; and mornovor, tho work was not com pulsory. Tho late hon. gontlomon has, howover, in spito of uphill work done something towards educating tho colony on the subject of tho benefits of cana lisation nnd irrigation, and in this re gard, without paying any attontion to tho allegations of his oppononts that his groat schema was chimorical and im practicable, as tonding to inalco wator run uphill, it may bo urgod that his family are ontitlod to somo considorus tion. On the wliolo, wo would not undor tho circumstances seriously object to oithor of tlioso ixlluwanoes, though wo aro opposed to all such votes of money on principle. We hope public opinion, if it should soo fit in tho present instanoe to acquiesce in the proposed grants, will discourage tho practice of recognising any futuro claims of a similar charac ter, ns wo regard tho principlo involved as boing dangerous to tho best intorosts ot tho community — as a barnacle upon tho froo institutions of a froo com- mu-ity. Tlio following issnoof now liconsos undor thu Lund Acts 18(10 nnd 1884 have been ap proved : — William Bolts, son., William Bolts, jun., Ah Chco, Jeremiah Johnson, Ynlong j Margaret Glover, Eliz. Bonnott, Bung Bong; John Pearson, Bcaliba ; Jainos Walsh, Bet Bot; James Cudmore, George Dunoll, Richard Dunoll, James Worthing- lon, Worronmang; Samuel Black, Sarah A. Hamor, John Loydon, son., John Loydon, jun., William Reovos, Yolirip; Michael Dromoy, James Dromoy, Thomas Donno, Samuel Hamilton, C. A. McVicar. Glon- iogio ; Gortruda Van Every, Evcrsloy ; A. Van Evory, David Skcllut, Glanpatrick; James H. Hawlett, Arohibald McSparrow Crow land s ; J. B. Ffroncli, Thomas J. llogan, Landsborough ; Cbarlos Martin, Navarre. Licensos approved—John Kor- ?V"y> Dfliba; William J. -McConnell, William Jennings, Natto Ynllock ; Thomas Sutton, Archdale; William Griggs, Bung Bong. License not granted— John Pearson, Beuliba and Arehdalo. Tho ordinary monthly mooting of the Avooa Shire Council will beheld at tho Council Chambers, Moonambel, on Thurs day noxt, when in addition to tho usual bu siness the voters' lists for tbo.sovoral Rid ings aro to bo revised. At tho local Polico Court on Monday morning before Mr Oarr, P.M., Robert Ward was charged by Alexander Dodd with using insulting words. It appeared that tho parties were drinking at Georgo's I 'tx?' ?orcfdttl. on tho 4th instant, when Ward accused Dodd of stoaling somo gold from a mato of his. Tho plaintiff brought oriaonco to provo that tho words bad been used and that there was no trutli m thorn whatever. Mr Oarr said that if a man could. not do without sueh statements m a pubho bar without being nblo to sub stantiate thorn, ho would be oompollod to hno him 10s with 7s Od costs, in default 14 days imprisonment. The defendant dooidod to .take u out, but boforo the day was mushed he changed his mind and paid tlio lino. r Mr Truant- Iospeotor Seymour proceedod against Marian Cummins and Frodoriok Whitolyfor noglocting to oauso their chil dren to attend soliool tlio required nnmber or days. In tlio formor oaso it appoarod to bo the fifth or sixth olfenoo, and that she resided within afow yards of! the school, oho was (horofore lined 5s, in default forty eight hours. Id the case of Whitoly it was proved Unit tho two children had boon un- vroll and unahlo to attond, and as it was tho hrst olrenco a nominal fiuo of Xs was in tiiotod iu each case. The looal Progress Commiltee meet in tho Shire Hall this evening. Tho fortnightly meoting of the Ribbon Union was held in the Church of England Sunday Schoolroom last e R> when the place was crowded to , hg. Mr J. Field filled tho Pf'"®"- £. chairman in a most effective , and e , manner, keoping tho audience well nm with his humorous sayings. !>? P gramme was commenced by tho choir g mg " Arise and Shine" in first-class s y , recitation, " Tho wife's now story, by M-rs Marsden was dono very well ; e K> " Charity," rendered in a most P-®a® S manner by Miss Hodder ; recitation, loo Tommy," this was, we think, one of Master Hutchinson's best ; the choir next sang "As pants tho hart"; after which Miss Flora Groon sang " Little Sistor s gono to sleep," in such a manner as to demand an enooro ; tho audience were then treated to what was, without doubt, tho best recita tion of tho ovoning, ontitlod " The Tem perance Ball," by Miss Fann.o Bray, of Mnryborougti ; Mr Mustow nexfaddrcssod tho audience, and stated that tho Union bad purchased an organ on which about £1 ro- remaincd to bo paid. The committeo, he said, had gone carefully into the matter of how this amount was to bo wiped off, and their dooision wns that it should bo left to tho peoplo who attended tho meoting to do- cido whothor llioro should bo nn admittance of a silvor ooin to tho next few gatherings, or should tho collections bs continued. Ho then put tho matter to tlioso present and asked for a show of hands when it was oarriod by an overwhelming majority that a j silvor coin bo obargod for admission. That j gentleman tlion sang " Stranger's Yot in nn excellent mannor, which called forth a ; largo amount of applause, tlio recitation, | " Clerical Wit," by Mr D. Kitchen was woll rendered ; song, " Sound tlio battle cry," Choir; recitation, "The lifo boat," i this was oxcollontly dono by Mr Joy, who threw a groat deal of expression into tho piece and finishod amidst groat nppinusc; Miss FannioBrny was noxt announced, and gave tlio recitation " Across tho fields of barley" with sueh ability that the young reciter had to return, when " How to euro a cough" was given in a manner equal to either of her previous efforts ; Mr Joy favored tho audionce with tho song " An ovening prayor," aftor whioh tlio meoting was closed by the olioir singing "Wo shall know," and all present joining in the " Nntional Anthem." The Revision Courts for revising tlio sup plementary lists of persons claiming to bo entitled to vote for members of tho Legis lative Council and Assembly, for tho elec toral district of Kara Kara and tho Nelson Province will bo held at Avoca and Moon ambel on the 18th instant. By a notice in our advortising columns it will bo scon that the proprietor of tlio Euro pean Reef, Maryborough Road, wishes to disposo of throo working shares in tlio claim for £10 each. The reason being that bo is nnablo to work tbo mine without assistance. Full particulars can bo obtained at tbo office of this paper. Professor F. H. Gilbert notifies olsawhero that in futuro bis pupils will roceivo tuition in piano and violin playing at tho School of Music, High-street, Avoca, and that be will be assisted by Miss Gilbert, a certificated pupil of Professor J. Summors, Inspector of Music, Victoria. Wo havo to band tho July number of Messrs William Inglis and Co's publica tion Once a Month. Tho magazine is cvory issue improving in appcaranco and ' get up' tlie reading matter being of an cxcollont de scription, whilo tho illustrations aro most efficiently executed, tho principal of which aro a portrait of Henry Clarence Kondall, tho Australian poof, which occupios tho frontispiece, "."Delhi— tho Kashmir Gate" and a distant view of Mount Maccdon. By a notification which appears olso- wlioro, it will bo seen that Mr Jno. F. Paten has for iinmcdiato privato sale, a Brick cottaga of five rooms, standing on an acre of freehold gardon land, situated in BarneLl-Stroot, Avoca, within a fow minu tes walk of tlie railway station. Notico is givon that an election of one person to not as a member of tbo Board of Advice, for tho school district, No. 72, in tlio West Riding of the Avoca Shire, will bo hold on tho 3rd of August. Nomination papers must bo delivered to tbo returning officor, Mr Alex. Millor not later than four o'clock on tlio 22nd instant. At tlio St. Aruaud Connty Court last week, C. E. Boggs, landlord of the Bull and Mouth hotol, Maryborough, sought to rocovor £160 from Laurenco Novillo, for loss sustained by non-fulfilment of contract. Plaintiff's caso wbb that defondont, at an auction salo of his goods statod if plaintiff would stop tbo salo bo would tako ull tlio bnlanco of goods at a valuation. Plaintiff slopped tlio sale, and afterwards defendant objeclod to carry out bis ordor, tho valua tion of tho valuers boing disputed. Judgo Quintan said the only question of difficulty was which of tho ralaors' estimatos was tlio correct ono. Ho however, would take tho lower amount, nnd givo a verdict for tho deficionoy, £87 15s, for tho plaintiff, 14 days allowed for appeal. . Mrs Susannah Mileham, widow of As sistant-Surgeon Milcham, dopartod this lifo at tho " Oaks," Camden, N.S.W., on tho 20th June last, having attained lior ninotioth year. She had been iu receipt of an annuity from tlio Now South Wales Government of £100 sinco Soptombor, 1824, or sixty yoars and upwards — a cir cumstance cortainly without a prccodont. New dongorg in connection with tlio praclioo of licking adhesivo stamps aro pointed out by tho "Lancet." That tlio official gum is not altogether wholosomo has boon pointed out long ago ; but it remained for tlio " Lancot" to toll us bow moistening it with tlio tonguo may lead to " speoial propa gation of disease," Only ono illustration or tho faot is givon, " An onvciopb reooived from a person who habitually took largo quantities of morphia hvpodormioally was recloscd by l-lio porson who opouod it by lick ing tho adhesivo surfaco with tho result of making him violently siok." It is satisfying to know, howevor, that peoplo seldom liok envolopos or stamps whioh have boen nsed boforo. Some of the blaoks are splendid traokers Ihey will traok anything on horses on ordinary ground at a hard gallop. There was a horse stolon from this station a little timo ago. 1 ho robbery was discovered next morning, and ' Ponto,' a noted tracker, soon got on tlio tracks and followed them 110 milos along a road uiod by carriers and ravel or every day, right into St. George townslnp and along the street into an hotel stable. Ho got tho horse, fotobod it homo aad noI®r mentioned it to tho polico. ihe Duke 'Consols mine has been let on tribute to a largo party of Chinamen, tho torma being that thoy shall share portion of the expenses with tlio company, but in tbo ovont of eaoh man not oarning 12s Od nor week, tbo company will advance sufficient to make Up that amount, which will bo re payable by thom to tho company whon thov make moro than full wages. ' George Clemenson, tho absconding rail- way stationmastor, was arrested by tbo Swan-hill police, on Saturday on warrant oharging him with ombezzlemcnt. ' IS ens has boon rocoived at Perth, "Wont Australia, from Derby that Mr Chas. Slion- PoDar|nw .Riokotson of the schooner I oarl wore murdered by the natiros while on shore at Swan Point painting a dingy lbe police pursued tho murderers, shot fife aud arrostod several of thom. Mr Pearco, on behalf of Messrs Eldor and Co.. has sent in to the Now Zealand Government an offer to place tho steamers Alaska and Arizona, which are recognised as two of tho fastest in tho Atlantic trade, on tho lino belweon San Francisco and Auckland and Sydney. By means of tboso steamers, Mr Pearco undertakes to do tlio services from London to Sydney in 28 days, and from London to Auckland in 27 days. If these hopes aro realised, tho San Fran cisco service will bo tlio first to effect, tho feat of bringing Australia within ono month of tho old country. The Executivo Council of New South Wales have again considered tho caso of the young man Frank Johns, formerly of Balla- rat, now lying undor sontenco of- death in the sistor colony. On the report of tho medical board that ho was not insane, the scntenoo has boon confirmed, and his exe cution is ordored to take place to-day. A now Commission of tho Peaco correcting tho errors in tlio previous ono, has been sanctioned by the Exeoutivo_ Council this afternoon. All justices appointed since the 1st January, 1875 must bo ro-sworn and pay a feo of 30s. Justices sworn in before that date, on which Act 502 camo into opera tion, aro exempt. J According to tho Fall Mall Budget, tho progress of scienco during the last hundred yoars is recoiving a praciioal illustration just now at Now York, off Port Morris. In 1870 the British frigate Hussar sank at the spot with a million sterling on board, whioh was to havo been used for paying arrears due to tlm British troops. A. few unsuccessful attempts bavo.bcan made. from timo to time to recover tho money, but it is only quite lately that the full resources of science have bcon turned to the task. Tho Hussar is undor 90ft of water, and is covered by a mass of mud and stone to a further depth of somo sixty foot. When all this has boon drilled through, there is to bo a very elaborate arrangement of suction pipes, powerful onougli to draw np stonos four inches thick, and if these fail, a largo pioo 5ft in diameter will be sank to tbo truo bottom of tbo river for men to : work in. Tlio inovitablo company— tlio " Treasure Trove Company" — which hns tlio job in band, looks confidently to ' strike gold,' within a month's timo. Tho Roman Catholic Cliuroh at Mary borough was brokon into on Sunday night with the evident intention of stealing tlio olialicc, which, however, had been removed for safety. Tbo burglars made a thorough search, breaking opon tlio sacristy and other doors, and disturbing tho vestments and other effocts. They loft without any booty. By the appointment of a board to deal with Mr Richardson's msgislerial action concerning tho Carnegio declaration, which it is understood thoy intend to do, tbo Go vernment take a stop which will be ominently satisfactory to tlio public. It is for Parliament to look after what it may chose to consider its corporate honor, and if it fixes tlio standard a little lower than tho public might desire, tbo faot can only bo regretted. But the mass of the peoplo hare tho right to domand that the Executivo shall interfere when tbo lion.ir of tho magis tracy is at stake, and not a moment should bo lost in deciding tho question as to whether any wrong has been committed. If tho Bcnoli bo pure we oan all afford to wait during tbo Parliamentary wranglo, and tboso mombors who olioso to do any thing rather than tbo work they are paid for may just as well chatter and caokle over the Richardson business as anything else. Some boys who were out sbenahaoing birds on Sunday off tho Carisbrook-rond beard the sound of a human voice proceed ing from a neighbouring shaft and discovored that a man bad fallen down it. They pro cured a rope, hauled him up and found him to be a young man named Coulter, who is rather weak in intellcot. The shaft is over 100ft. deep and ho felt in tlie previous oven ing, remaining for nearly 24 hours standing up to liis middle in sludge. Coulter was taken to tlio hospital severely bruised. Tbo following extract from Vanity Fair, being an evident hit at recent Russian doings will bo road with intorost: — "John Jones, a person rudely described as ' a ruffian' in tlie newspapers, was committed for triol. Mr Jones was found on pre mises whioh did not belong to him, and bis motives were regardod as questionable. Ho resented tho stain placed on his honour and good faith very koonly, and ho boat ono Mr Morris about the bead with stonos in such a way as to placo tlio lifo of Mr Morris in jeopardy. For tliis artless proceeding Jones is likoiy to suffer severe punishment. But surely there is something wrong about this P Sinco Mr Jonos had not como to steal anything, the magistrate should have alluded to tho assault on Mr Morris as a regrettable incident. Tho wurshipful gen tleman should then havo ncoeptcd Mr Jones' assuranco that lie would not pursue his ad- vanoo on Mr Morris's spoons any further, and ho should then havo raisod a heavy police-rato in order that Jones might ho properly guarded and restrained." Tho Herald publishes lettors and tolo» grams from a Launeenton firm, to the effect that they sold a poculiar specimen of Tas- man inn gold, obtained from- Dong Plains, North West Coast to a stranger from Mel bourne, calling hirnsolf Lord. On this ho paid a deposit of £7, tho specimen being forwarded to a Melbourne firm of whole sale jowollors to ooltcct tlio balanco of £20, whioh Lord subsequently paid. It is al leged that Lord lias been identified by a gontloman in Melbourne as Korry. Yester day afternoon Korry attended a meeting of shareholders in tho proposed Now Guinea Company when ho wns requested to pro duce the spocimon. He dopartod in seuroli of it, and tho mooting adjourned to await his return. Horo is an advortisoment from a London paper by last mail, which may bo of uso to tlio Salvation Army, says the Chines Guar- ' !x7"„C.ll0.ap The Christian Mis- sion Ilallolujah Railway is ono of the cheapest quickest and bost routes from tlio tho Deepest Depth of Siu to tlio Highest Hoights of Glory. Booking offico in tlio town hall noxt Sunday. Tho Ilallolujah Guard and tlio Happy Engine Drtvor will til. V.) instruot passongers how to obtain through tickets without money and without spnoo. _Tho board appointod to onquife Into tho mismanagement of the Maryborough Hos pital havo had under tboir consideration a mass of ovirienoe taken by thom at Mary- borough. Tho Board comprised Mr Bell, M.L.C., Mr Laurens, M.L.A.. and Mr Dor- ham, M.L.A. Thoy mot on Wednesday ana agreed as to their report, which was forwardod to Mr Sorvico at a later hour. The report deals with seven or oight points which aroso during tho evidouoo. After a searohing investigation, the board lias ar- mod at the conclusion that, whilst sub stantially there has boen no misappropria tion of tlio funds of tho hospital, yet,' that o ovidenoo showed certain matters in oonnoction with tho hospital havo not bebn suoh as seem dosirablo in tho oaso of a oharitnblo institution. The board could not recommend tho Government to with- i ?nJr portion of tho usual grant to the ospital. Neither do thoy suggest the dis missal of any of tho officers. Some idea of tho extent of Her Majesty's private currespondonoo may bo. gathered j 1.8 '®ct t'mt tlio account for telegrams despatched on her privato affairs ulono dur- 8tay al Aix and Darmstadt amounted to £356. 