CHAPTER III. — KITAB-OOL-KISMUT. That evening, to my delight, the interesting young widow appeared at dinner, radiant in smiles and beauty. Her conversation was brilliant, and she was animated without being demonstrative. She maintained an air of dig- nity even in the midst of her brilliant sallies, which gave her, in my eyes, an additional charm. There was none of that abandon which but too often characterizes women of culture, taste, and refinement. I took the op- portunity of remarking, after dinner, when we had all adjourned to the parlour, or library, to remark, in the presence of my landlady, that now, as she, Mrs. B., was going to remain for some time, perhaps my occupation of the bed- room might be inconvenient. Should I change I asked. "No, most decidedly not," she said. " I have heard the saying about some man who was so great that it took two ships to carry him,, but I do not possibly see how I can sleep in two bedrooms except I run backwards and forwards during the night. But," she added, " may it not be possible that the proximity of the drawing-room, and my rather late occupa- tion of it at night, should be detrimental to your rest ?" It was detrimental, but I was not going to own it. I always liked to retire early, at 10 if possible ; and so long as I could see the streak of light under the door, and knew she was there, there could be no possibility of my sleep- ing, for very obvious reasons. However, that question was settled to our mutual satisfaction, I had to attend a meeting that night which would keep me till 11 o'clock. The servants went to bed early, not very long after tea, in fact. My landlady herself invariably went to bed at 11, whether I were in or not ; for I had a latchkey, and it was my wont, should I be after that hour, to lock the hall-door and put up the chain, as is the custom in many London houses. So I wished them good night, with- out waiting for tea, which used to be on the table at 9 o'clock, and proceeded to the city. I should add that suppers I never indulged in, however late the hour might be. I was con- siderably after my time that night. The house was all silent, and taking off my boots as noise- lessly as possible, I crept up as silently as a cat in my slippers, shading the candle as I passed the drawing-room door, but no streak of light was there. I was very sleepy, and lost no time after I entered my bedroom in prepar- ations for retiring. I put out the light, and looked to see whether there was any light in the drawing-room, but there was not the faint- est gleam. Ah! how I missed that thin, golden thread, which seemed destined to lead me to a labyrinth of lore. A second Fair Rosamond's bower ! " Ah !" muttered I to myself, " she has retired early to-night," and was about to court slumber, when, like the student in Edgar A. Poe's " Raven," I was suddenly startled, for " I heard a rapping. As of some one gently tapping, tapping at my chamber door, Only this and nothing more." I sat up in bed and listened. Presently another little tap at the drawing-room door, and the sweet little voice which I knew so well, called out very softly, " Mr. L ——!" " Yes," I replied, as I jumped out in the dark and approached the door; " do you re- quire anything ?" " Oh ! do excuse me ; I heard you come in, and did not like to speak for a while. I hope I have not disturbed you." " Certainly not," I replied, rather puzzled, however, to know what was coming next. " Are you ill ?" " No ; but I generally leave my gas slightly turned on, but to-night, just before you came, I turned it off altogether ; I am in total dark- ness, and have not got a single match. Can you convey one to me? I really require a light." " Wait a moment," I said, " and I will push some under the door." I groped and found the matches, which were wax " vestas," struck a light, lit my own candle, and then tried to push several under the door, but without effect : the bottom of the door touched the thick carpet, which had a sort of " pile," too closely, so I was about to give it up in despair when a thought strck me " What a fool I am," I said to her; " I never thought of the keyhole ; now, catch them !" "Oh ! thank you," she said ; "what a clever fellow you are — clever enough for an engineer." " I am an engineer," I said ; " that's what I was in the East." " Indeed ! You did not tell me that ; but I had all the talk to myself to-day. Your turn will come to-morrow — oh !" she gave a little scream. " What's the matter?" I enquired. " Two of the matches have missed, and this nasty thing has burnt my fingers ! They bend up so that I can't strike them property. What shall I do?" " I've got it," I cried. " Now I'll show you some engineering if you will wait two or three minutes. But are you not cold for it was the middle of October. " Oh, no : I have my choga (Indian cloak) on. Shall I talk to you while you are engin- eering? " Do, by all means. If every engineer had the like comfort at his work engineering would be made easy." "Now." she said, " don't provoke me. You know what I told you to day. But, my goodness ! what would the world say at this scene ? — the situation is so ludicrous !" I was about to say " Hang the world, the flesh, and the devil !" but I didn't ; I merely repeated the Royal motto. " Honi soit qui mal y pense." I had split a piece of bamboo cane, and tied a match to it with thread. I lit the match and put it through the keyhole, but in my hurry it was a failure. " Better luck next time," I said, as I proceeded to ' lash' another match to the stick ; " I will be more deliberate this time." I was, and it was a success. She lit the gas, and then returned to the door. Can I do anything more?" I asked " No, thank you. I am much obliged, and sorry for troubling you. But would not this scene, or one like it, look well in a magazine under the heading of ' Conversations through a keyhole ?" and she laughed at the conceit of the thing. " Good night !" " Wait a moment," I said. " I am afraid I shall not have the pleasure of seeing you all day to-morrow. I have to go to Brighton by an early train, and expect to come back by an early one the day after to morrow." " Oh, I'm so sorry," she said — " really very sorry. Well, good night !" " Stay !" I said ; these ranches have set m= thinking. What do you say to the proverb, or aphorism or whatever it is, which asserts that ' matches are made in Heaven ?' '' " I have only to say that if they are anything like the match I tried to light just now and burnt my fingers with, I would not give much for them. Now, good night, finally." " Good night !" I echoed, and thus ended that conversation through a keyhole. I did not go to Brighton that day. How little, indeed, do any of us know, how very few of us can surmise, what a day may bring forth. Three words from the lips of one man can bring on a revolution which will cause thousands of slaughtered men to lie in " one red burial blent." One word will cause a whole nation to rise in arms ; and when the present Emperor of Germany uttered at Ems. I think, the one single word " mobilize," a hundred thousand, nay two hundred thousand, nay, much more, sprang forth like " Clan Alpine's warriors true," armed, like Minerva, cap-a-pie ; and, behold " Death rides upon the sulphury Siroc, Red battle stamps his foot, and nations feel the skock !" Pretty much the same in households. One cold word will blight an entire family, and a few hours will bring death and desolation. " Big Ben" was booming forth the hour of twelve from the clocktower of Westminster Palace when I put my latchkey in the door and entered. I locked the door very gently, and put up the chain without a sound ; then I crept up stairs softly, carrying even my slippers in my hand, and with only my socks on. All was dark and silent in the draw- ing-room ; there was no streak of light under that door; but under her, Hanoo-Beltu's, bedroom door there was a thin golden thread of light, and on the opposite wall of the corri- dor was another golden spot, shaped something like a dressed doll. This was the light through the keyhole. I knew she slept with a light burning, so I could not tell now whether she was awake or asleep. I opened my room door with the greatest caution, chuckling to myself at the surprise I would give them in the morn- ing. The Kitab-ool- Kismut was unfolding its- leaves with a vengeance ; for I do not know what possessed me to lie down on the bed that night without undressing, and there I lay " a thynkinge." Thinking of my hitherto lonely condition ; of the beauty, the brilliancy, the intellectual power, the sound common-sense, the extensive knowledge of Hanoo-Bettu, the last link in the long family chain of the Monte- zumas. My light was burning also. Was I indifferent to her? No, I could see that she held me in some estimation, even after such a brief acquaintance. But I could also see that she cherished the name of her husband. She had shown me his picture, a small oil painting executed by a well-know American artist ; and her own picture stood in the corner unpacked. It was a huge painting, in a heavy and richly gilt and carved frame, fully seven feet high. She, dressed in a closely fitting dark crimson velvet — " Imperial" velvet, for was she not Royal ?— with a lace handkerchief thrown over her head and tied under her chin. The figure was as large as life, and the artist was a Ger- man one of note. Yes ; she revered her hus- band's memory, and from his portrait, and her own enthusiastic description of him, I knew he had been a man of no mean order (he had be- longed to an ancient Scottish family), and for her sake I could not but respect his memory also. Well, it could not have been less than 2 o'clock when I heard a strange sound. It seemed like a wail of anguish. The nearest sound I ever heard to it was the " keening" of the female mourners in the mountains of Cork and Kerry. I, standing in the valley, the sounds descending from the mountain, softened by the distance, seemed inexpressibly plaintive and musical. That was the sound I now heard through vulgar walls and doors. I started up. stood and listened, and again the mournful sound of wailing anguish reached my ears. Oh ! gracious Heaven, it was from her room ! I opened my door, and bounded out in my socks upon the landing, and stood at her door. The thin golden streak of light was still under the door ; the tiny golden doll was. still on the opposite wall, like a very small ghost : and as I listened, my blood curdled in my veins, when I heard a voice — her voice, but weak and tremulous, calling — "Mr. L —— (gasping), Mr. L —— Oh! God, I am dying, and he is not here !" " I am here!" I cried, and I tried the handle of the door ; alas, it was locked ! I sped through the drawing-room, and reached the other door of her room. Thank God, it was not locked. Had it been I should have thrown all my weight against it. " I am coming'' I cried again, as I rushed across the drawing-room, and when I entered her bedroom, oh ! what a scene met my eyes ! The gas was turned on, not full power, but gave a subded light, every object being visible. There she lay—my regal, my beautiful, my gifted my whole-souled Hanoo-Beltu ! She was lying just as I first saw her on the couch her hands folded a la Croisèe on her bosom ; but. Ai de mi, Alhama. the rich, crimson blood, the royal blood of the Montezumas, welling and bubbling from her beautiful mouth ! Her eyes were fixed on me as I entered— large, dark, full, round, and lustrous ; I could read in them joy, hope, gratitude, and sadness all commingled. They had reminded me before of Lord Byron's description of a storm on the Lake of Genoa : — The sky is changed, and such a change ! oh. Night, And clouds and darkness, ye are wondrous strong, And lovely in your strength, as is the light Of a dark eye in woman ! She tried to speak. " Do not attempt to say one word, I com- mand you," I said gently. I then put my arm around her, raised her up in a sitting pasture ; but it took all the strength of my left arm to hold her, for her frame was perfectly limp, re- laxed, and helpless. The blond was still com- ing up in gushes from her heart, rising and falling like some springs I have seen, acted upon by hidden subterranean agency ; or better still, like the rising and falling of the Mäel- strom. By good fortune, the washing-stand was on my side of the bed, and by stretching my right hand around I managed, with great difficulty, to take the heavy jug out of it, which fell out of my hand on the carpet ; but I seized the basin, and held it under her. The most violent paroxysm now came on ; before, the blood had been merely bubbling over her lips, and then subsiding. like the terrible lava in the crater of Mauna Loa in the Sandwich Islands ; but now, owing partly to change of position, and partly through mental influence no the body, it gushed forth in a stream, she breathing with great difficulty. I had burst a blood-vessel myself only eight or nine months before ; and knew, by experience, something of it; but if I had not seen it with my own eyes, no one could have persuaded me that such a quantity could have come from such a little body. Her richly-worked dress was saturated, and both my hands were occupied, there was a large towel over the jug by chance, when it fell, and this had become well satur- ated. I drew it towards me with my foot, for I dare not let go either hand; then, when there was a slight cessation of this violent flaw of blood, I placed the wet towel around her. It was all I could do. She gave a sigh of relief — and a look, oh ! such a look. Love and thankfulness were predominant. I held her there for some time, my arm trembling with the weight, and, possibly, the mental agitation. Then, when I perceived the worst was over, I laid her gently back, with the towel under her ; removed the basin and whis- pered to her, " I am going into my room, and will be back in one moment." She gave me an expressive look, with, oh ! such a sad, sad smile. I was back immediately with my own water jug, and a bottle of soda water. I partly knelt down and spoke to her. " You may speak now," I said, ''but only in a whisper, mind. Are you thirsty ?" " Oh ! very, very thirsty," she whispered. " I wish I had some ice, but the worst is over now." " Alas!" I whispered, " there's no ice in October. Drink this." I held her up again and gave her the sodawater in a tumbler, which she drank eagerly. " It is all I can do for you," said I, endeavouring to smile. " It is very nice," she said, " so nice and refreshing. I am safe now ; had you not come I should have died." She drew my hand, which held the tumbler towards her, and before I knew what she was doing, kissed it ! " It is my second attack," she continued." " I burst a blood-vessel more than-a-year ago, which nearly ended my life. It was caused by some terrible news. Do not be alarmed" — for she felt my arm trembling. " Remove the towel," she said ; " you need not fear now." I did so, and laid her down, slowly and care- fully. " Now," said I, " had I not better ring for the landlady ?" " Oh! no, no, no." she muttered. "Do not leave me. You are here, and she could do me no good now." " Very well," I replied. '' Remember I am present here as your physician." I then wet my own towel, which I had brought, and wiped her face and neck carefully. As I wiped the dear little mouth which had recently undergone such a cruel ordeal, I longed to kiss it, but I did not ; I only kissed her hand, and she smiled feebly as I did so. Getting some thin muslin fabric of hers which I saw hanging near, I spread it over her and under her chin, and thus hiding the blood-stained sheets and her night-dress. I then sat down at her side on a chair which I drew thither. " Give me your hand," she whispered. I did so, and thus we remained, she clasping mine, and occasionally pressing it uncon- sciously, it seemed to me. " Do you know,' she said, still in a whisper, " that the words you spoke yesterday at the foot of the stairs made a great impression on me? I feel now the truth of them : — " Kitab- ool- Kismut men irkam hua hai." It is writ- ten in the book of Fate ! God bless you, dear. I am getting very sleepy." I knew she uttered the word " dear" quite unconsciously. Scarcely had she spoken when she was in a calm, peace- ful slumber, still holding my hand. I wanted to cover her hands and arms up, for it was cold ; but every time I attempted to withdraw my hand I felt her press it convulsively even in her sleep, so that we remained until day break, she lying as white, from the loss of blood, as the purest marble, and I filled with conflicting emotions, now of hope, and now of loubt. As the first gleams of the morning sun appeared, she awoke, still holding my hand. She looked at the ceiling in a bewildered man- ner, then cast her eyes around the room, then at the window into which the sun was shining, and then at me. She smiled— such a sweet smile. " You have been my guardian angel. Can I ever repay you ?" '' I am a very rough one, then," I answered. " Besides, I never heard of guardian angels re- quiring payments or repayments. I thought they only required" — here I stopped. " Required what?" she asked. "Do tell me." But I hesitated. " Trust me," she said ; " tell me what guardian angels require in pay- ment ?" " Only Christian, celestial love !" " thank you. From my heart I thank you ! All true love is celestial and divine, be it Christian or heathen." I did not respond to this ; I only said — " May I go now and send up the old lady ?" " You may. You want some rest ; go and take it and let me see you in the drawing-room after lunch." " You will not surely be able to" —— " Never fear ; I will be there, if I have to be carried." I bent down involuntarily and kissed her hand. She pressed mine, reapeating " Kismui- ool- Kitab men likka hai ;" and then she said as though her mind was wandering, " Oscula libavit nata. " " What do you mean by that ?'' I asked. " Upon my word I don't know. I feel a little stupid. Did you ever read Alfieri's Italian translation of Virgil ? That very pas- sage is beautiful. But you seem to me like Jupiter; and I seem — let me see — not like Minerva." " Who then? " I asked. " Can it be Juno ? — she mused aloud. My brain is bewildered. ' Oscula libarif — I will give it to you in Italian — improved and impro- vised Italian next time," he said. " You read Italian ?" " In the same manner," I replied, " that you read and speak Latin. And now au revoir until lunch ;" and away I went, turning to kiss my hand at the door. I then went downstairs, told the lady of the house all or nearly all that had occurred — told her that I should require no breakfast ; and then went upstairs to bed. thinking of Jupiter, Juno, and the " Oscula libavti— what ?— who ?" (To be Continued. ) 