Chapter XXII,—Stooping to Conquer. " Hullo, Fitzurse! who could have expected to see you here at such a time as this ? How are you ?" Fitzurse started and trembled—positively trembled and felt his forehead bedewed with perspiration. There was Romont standing before him; Romont whom he had believed to be far away; and if Romont had been one minute, half a minute, in the room he must have seen what Fitzurse was doing. Romont was in walking dress and carried his hat in his hand. He looked as if he had just come in. That was something of a relief to Walter's mind. So far as Fitzurse knew there was not a human creature in the house but himself and Joseph. "Why, Romont? I didn't know that you were in London. I never thought of seeing you here to night." He put down the re volver quietly, stealthily. Romont observed the action. "No, I don't Euppose you did, and I never thought of seeing you here. I am always rushing about, backwards and forwards. Did you come to see Pilgrim, or Joseph perhaps?" "I came—yes, I came to see Pilgrim. I have something to say to him; I nave been writing a letter to Mrs. Pollen." " You didn't expect to see Joseph here, did you." "No, I didn't; I thonght he was in town with Mrs. Pollen; it's very odd our all turning up in this way," Fitzurse said with a desperate attempt at a laugh. " Very odd; about the oddest thing I have known for a long time. I will tell you what I came for, Fitzurse, my good fellow; there's no mystery about it. I came to look after some money in this very room." " Some money in this veryroom!" Fitzurse felt as if his heart was standing still. His throat was parched; his lips were dry. Could it be that he was found out; found out before he had time to make any profit by his deed? "Some money; in this very room?" he gasped. " What do you mean, Romont? Is there money of yours in this room?" "No, not of mine; but of Mrs. Pollen'B. She is very unwise in leaving money about in ' that sort of way. She told me that she had left it here in this thing, and I could not rest until 1 had gone to see that it was all right. I don't think money ought to be left about in that sort of way. It may be a temptation to some poor devil who otherwise might continue to bean honest man to; the-end of his life. I suppose it is temptation or no temptation that often makes all the difference between the honest man and the thief." "I suppose so—I dare say. By-the-way, I wonder, Romont, what this Albanian follow was doing in this room? Did Mrs. Pollen • know that he was coming here ? Did she send him for anything ?" " Why, what ahout Joseph ?". "Well, somehow I thought his manner was • rather odd when I saw him here and spoke to him. He didn't seem to make it quite clear what he was doing." " Oh, he didn't seem to make it quite clear what .he was doing here, didn't he?" "No; and he was in this room—this very room." "Where you are now?" Romont said with emphasis. " Where you and I are now—yea. Doesn't that seem rather odd? What' could he hav» wanted here?" "Do :you mean to say, Fitzurse, that you ' Euepect Joseph of: being after this money.taat . Mrs.-Pollen left (here ?'° "Well, IdoiL't kaow*Bytiiiag>:aboutviute; I he-may be a very honest man foe «111 can tell; I but still-—•—" "Exactly.j ' What sall'de*honeat tnaudd in • my eleeet? 'Wh°it is the honest man doing in ; Mrs. Pollen'smusio-room where* themeaejt is? But you see, Fitrarse,that-wbidd tpplyto yon and me, wouldn't it ?" " j[ suppose there is some difference between you and me and a rascally Albanian ser vant ?' "* There is some difference, certainly," Romont paid with slow deliberateness, " between Joseph and yon, a very considerable difference. Between Joseph and me; well, I am not quite so sure as to that." For the life of him Walter could not yet tell whether Romont did or did not suspect him. He was becoming desperate; he had a weapon near him ; it was coming into his mind that he would have to use it. Better anything, any danger, any crime of blood, than to be found out in what he was doing. Even as the thought came up wildly, Bavagely in his mind, he felt that, Romont'8 eye was following his every motion. While he was thinking of the revolver his hand had unconsciously moved towards it, and. he saw Romont watching him; he could see even a faint smile of scorn on Romont's face. At that moment Fitzurse felt himself a murderer in bis heart. He was equal to murder now; things had gone with him at such a rush, with such a terrible descent. Better anything than be found out in what he had been doing. Better, a thousand times better, that Janette should believe him guilty of slaying than guilty of robbery. Suppose he were to kill Romont then and there, it would be easy to invent some story of a quarrel and an assault which, if it would not save him from the law, would save him from utter shame, and would still leave it in the power of Janette . not to despiso him utterly. To do the unhappy creature juatice, he was only thinking now of what Janette would say. All hope for himself was gone for the moment. The look with which Romont followed the motion of his right hand was a revelation to him; Romont knew all about his doings and knew the very thought of murder that was in his mind. If he could kill Romont and put back the monev in its place before Joseph re turned—then let fate do what she would, the worst would not be known, and Janette would not be utterly ashamed of him. The level floor seemed to rock and dance underneath^ him; there were Btrange noises whirring in his ears like the throbbing of machinery in movement; he must do something or faint. If he were to faint all would be loBt. One moment and he v ould have played his card of despair, but he was interrupted by Romont's voice, which uttered, with the most perfect composure, the words— " It's no use, Fitzurse, Joseph is outside. Don't you remember that? And besides your hand is shaking, you couldn't hit a haystack —I should feel perfectly safe standing here, provided only that you promised to aim at me." "What the devil do you mean?" Fitzurse asked fiercely. He took away his hand from the weapon which it was touching. He must brazen the thing out now. His courage and reason were coming back. "Never mind what I mean; we understand each other. You are not used to this sort of thing, Fitzuree ; your impulse was absurd. Well, you talked of Joseph; you seemed to suspect Joseph of being after this money. Now if you will just wait here a moment I'll see that Joseph does nct leave the house, and then we'll search Mrs. Pollen's casket, lkno w exactly how much money was there. If a coin be missing we'll talk to Joseph about it. I'll leave you here just for a moment or two. You understand me, Fitzuras?" Romont spoke with a stern emphasis. Yes, Fitzuree understood only too well. A last chance was given him. He was in Romont's power, and Romont knew all; but Romont would not betray him. He made good.use of-his moment alone. He put the money backhand closed the casket once again. Romont returned a few seconds after the restoration had been accomplished. "Joseph. is all right," he said. " I am sure you must have wronged him, Fitzurse; he doesn't seem in the slightest degree confused or put out; I daresay we shall find everything just as it ought to be. This is Mrs. Pollen's little money-box; the money ought to be here. Why, yes; there it is of course; six of these rouleaux; safe as can be. Poor Joseph! I ana sure, Fitzurse, you are glad to see that the money is all right, and that there is no charge to be made against poor Joseph. You are glad of that?" " Of course, I am glad," Fitzurse said sul lenly. " Well, I must be going." " You will not wait for Pilgrim, will you not ?" . " No, I think not. It's getting late; and it doea not much matter whether I see him to night or not." "Fitzurse," Romont said, coming up close to him and taking him by the arm, " we under stand each other, don't we ? I know perfectly well what you came here to do, and you know that I know it. I am giving you a chance, will you go away?" Fitzuree flung himself free of Romont's hold. " Away! where?" " Well, anywhere out of England? America or Australia. .A new country is a new career. Begin your lite over again, and begin it on a better plan. So far as I am concerned, nobody shall ever know anything of this night's event. Will you promise to go ?" "I have no money. You know that well enough." " You shall have money. You can take this money here to begin with. Nobody knows it is here but you and I " " And Mrs. Pollen ?" " I shall Batisfy Mrs. Pollen without letting ber know anything that we don't want her to know." "There's Joseph," Fitzurse said doggedly. " He knows." " Oh, Joseph—never.mind Joseph. What I don't tell Joseph won't tell, I can promise you. Look here, Fitzurse, I wish to save you, I do indeed; and you are on the very edge of ruin. Pull yourself together; drop all this confounded nonsenseabouttheFitzur.se family; call yourself by your own name— your father's name; go into a new country, and redeem yourself—and above all let that poor girl alone ?" "What poor eirl?" '' Janette Lisle. You couldn't sure1 y think of allowing her to marry you no w ?" Fitzurse thrust his handB deep into his pockets, and looked Romont for the first time straight in the face. " 1 tell you what, Mr. Romont, thi3 is going a little too far. Because you take it into your head to fancy something or other about me— which may be mere imagination or invention, or I don't care what—you presume to go on as if you were my master and I your slave. I'll not stand being ordered about by you; I'll not be bullied by you. I can manage my own affairs." " Do you really mean to say that you would make that young lady your wife after what has happened?" "If I go to America or Australia or any where else I shall take her with me as my wife." " Before you leave this place," Romont said, " you must promise me to give up Miss Lisle or I will go at once to her father and her brother and denounce you as a thief. No; you shan't get out of this just yet." Romont turned to fet between him and the door. Fitzurse had ecome half mad with rage aud shame and fear—fear of exposure. He was reminded of the last desperate chance again. He clutched the revolver and fired a shot at Romont, whose back was turned to him. But it was as Romont had said—his hand was trembling, his aim was all abroad—the bullet went into the door six good inches away from its mark. Fitzurse was a good shot at a shooting match, but he had had no training for shots fired in anger. Before he could fire again. Romont literally flung himself on his assailant and seized his right hand. Romont was much stronger, especially in the wrists and arms, and he was always quite cool and collected; his physical re sources as well as his mental were, always at call. The very suddenness of his dash at Fitzurse was the result of instant calculation and not mere inBtinct or impulse. Fitzurse felt the revolver torn from his hand with such a sudden wrench that it seemed to him as if his wrist and every one of his fingers must have been dislocated by the strain. Then Romont flung him away, and he staggered back againBt the wall. He recovered himself and looked wildly round the room for any manner of weapon. Romont understood him. " No use now," Romont coolly said. "You are covered by the revolver, don't you see ? I have been out West a good deal, and I am used to this sort of thing. For you, Fitzurse —or whatever your naine is—I must say that you don't seem any better band at murder than you are at robbery." Fitzurse flung himself down into a chair and covered hiB face with his hands. "You can do as you like," he said, without looking up. " Shoot me if you will, I don't care—now." And the unfortunate young inan whom the rapid and hideous descent of a few short hours had brought so deep down into unforeseen crime burst into mere hysterical weeping. Suddenly he looked up, and with a face distorted by tears and agony, he said, in a choking voice— "I'll do anything; I'll promise anything— if only—if only you won't tell Miss Lisle ?" Romont put the revolver carelessly on a table. He knew there was no further need to be on his guard against Fitzurse. He quite understood now the man he had to deal with. Fitzurse was only the half-insane victim of his own vanity and ambition; he was neither a deliberate thief nor a determined bravo. " I (jive you my word of honor; I swear to you, kitzuree, that I will never tell any human being of anything that has happened here be tween us; if only you will promise to give up that girl. I am just as willing and just as anxious to save you as I was before, and I don't believe that you are wholly lost; no, not a bit of it. I will be your friend even yet, if you will allow me. You will let that girl alone!" "What can I say to her? How can I get out of it? She likes me; she is fond of me, she »indeed. What shall I say to her ? We were to have gone off together to-night or to-morrow morning." "By Jove!r' exclaimed Romont; "I have been only just in time," "Giving .her tip I give up everything; what do I care about my lue any more? No; I can't | give her up—I won't give her up." "My good fellow, don't you see that you tnust give her up ?— don't you see that after what has happened I must interfere and tell her father and her brother, if you don't pro mise me ? I shall have to call in Pilgrim and i Joseph; yes, and Joseph; and to send for the police and give you into custody on a charge of attempted robbery and murder. Joseph saw you take out the gold; he was watch ing you all the time. I know how you put it back, and I can prove at tempt at murder. You will spend this evening in prison, and will probably only come out of prison to go into penal servi tude. These are the hard realities of your position. You must see that Miss Lisle is not likely to marry a convicted felon. That is one Bide of the case. Now look at the other. I oher you freedom; my absolute silence about all this, and a lull chance to you to redeem yourself and start a new and a decent career iu some, other country. You shall have money and every fair chance. I don't suppose a strict moralist ■ would approve of what 1 am doing, but 1 don't mind. £ think that with all your vanity and your nonsense you have some food: in you still; and moralist or no moralist give you another chance. Will you take it ? Come." " What can I say. to her ? What shall I say to her 2" the wretched young man feebly moaned. "Well, you can.say something■ like thi3: you can say that you know now her father and mother would never approve of the mar riage; and you can. say you have found, that you have not as much money or as good pros pects as you expected, and that you do not think it right to her to drag her into poverty, and exile, and a quarrel with her family all at once; and that out of your very love for her— for I take it for granted, Fitzurse, that you do love her; you are not bad enough to have been merely deceiving her?—out of your very love for her you think it better to go away and leave her. Write something like that, and she will understand it in the right way, and think all the more of you. Then she will re member you always in a kindly sort of way, and you will always be a hero to her—even when she has married someone whom her father and mother like, and is happy. By heav«.n, Fitzurse, if I were you that is what £ should do, and £ Bhould be glad to have spared the girl from misery, and saved up for myBelf a kindly memory in her heart for ever." "£ suppose you are right," Fitzurse said sul lenly. " At all events you are in a position to dictate terms, and £ have put myself into a position which gives you the right to dictate them. There is only one way out for me, and that is through the door you offer to open. £ ought to thank you, Romont, and £ do see that you have acted veiy generously, and £ shall be better able to feel in the right way by-and-bye, perhaps; but you have knocked down my castle of cards with a pretty rough hand. You have spoilt my game just as £ was on the very point of winning it—and £ am afraid £ can't be quite as grateful as £ ought to be for your generosity in letting me off—just yet." " £ don't mind," said Romont. " £ am doing my best. £ am thinking more about the girl than about you. You accept my terms—that is the main point." " £ must; £ have no choice. £t's a little bard on me, isn't it?—that a man should lose love and ambition and everything—even Lon don—all at once—and have to be grateful for it, too." " £ don't ask you to be grateful," Romont said sternly; "andf don't see much opening for ambition in the way you were going, and £ am not quite certain whether you were in love with Janette Lisle or only with yourself. But £ am glad you have made up your mind." " One word more," Fitzurse said hastily, as he saw that Romont was about to bring the dialogue to an end. " You won't do things by halves; £ believe that much of you; for the few days that £ shall have to prepare for going away—wherever £ am to go—you will not Beem to have cut me? You will not keep away from me? That would make people suspect." "£ will behave," said Romont, "exactly as if you were my closest friend. £ will help you in all your preparations; £ will see you off; £ shall be among the last to shake your hand and wish you good luck as you go." For a moment Fitzurse was really touched. Through the sevenfold hide of vanity and selfish egotism, and mean ambition, shallow artifice, and small cynicism, the simple man hood of Romont's nature pierced his heart. "If I were to begin again," he thought, "I should like—I should try, to be like that. Well, I am to begin again; I am to have another chance." "Shall we wait for Pilgrim?" Romont sud denly asked, "he is sure to be here in good time; we can tell him that you are going away; he may have some advice to give us; he knows a lot of things, Pilgrim doe3." "No, I don't want to see Pilgrim," Walter said hastily. " I don't want Pilgrim to have anything to do with my affairs." " We wouldn't tell him anything except just that you were determined to go abroad some where." " I don't want Pilgrim," Walter repeated. He was afraid that Pilgrim would bring up the story of Vinnie Laminas, which Walter was not anxious^ to be reminded of just then. He little appreciated the chivalrous forbearance of Pilgrim. Even to Romont Pilgrim had not told Vinnie's story except in the most rapid outline, and he had said no more about Fitzurse than that he was not so fond of the girl lately as he had been. What Pilgrim did not know of his own knowledge he never would tell as a fact. Romont agreed that Pilgrim should not be taken into confidence. He understood the compact with Fitzurse to be complete, and that was what he was anxious about. There was no talk of writing or signing anything. Walter left Fitzurse House at midnight, having with him more of the gold than he had himself taken out of Mrs. Pollen's treasure casket in the first instance, and having given Romont his promise to meet him at 5 o'clock the follow ing afternoon at Romont's lodgings. Fitzurse passed out of the music room into the night. He turned for a moment and looked back upon the house he was leaving. He must have felt humbled and crushed if he had ever allowed genuine feeling to live in his heart at all. _ But he never had done this; he had made his life a piece of acting even to him self. As he looked back on the old hall he was not an impostor with a false name, going out disgraced into exile, pledged as the sole condi tion of his safety to give up the girl who loved him. No; he felt himself a hero or romance, the last of the proud race of Fitzurse, driven, indeed, by overmastering destiny trom the Home of his ancestors, but still intrepid and self-sustained, still resolute to strive against fate, a very Fitzurse to the end. Perhaps no writer of fiction has had the courage yet to sound fully the deeps of self-deception and self-delusion which are to be found in certain egotistic natures. Walter left the house then, not crushed and humbled, but, on the contrary, elate and full of new purpose. There was a possibility oc cuiring to him which had not been thought of, certainly had not been talked of, when he made his compact with Romont. Suppose J anette Lisle should refuse to take advantage of his self-sacrifice? Suppose she should de clare that she preferred his love to any other earthly consideration ? Suppose she would not take back her freedom ? Suppose she were to insist on being his wife? What was he to do then ? Could his compact with Romont hold under such conditions ? Could any man be ex pected to insist upon renouncing the hand of the girl he loved, and who loved him, if she, resolved not to be outdone in generosity and affection, were to declare that she would not be ienounctd ? There was something comforting, something hopeful, in these thoughts. Suppose Janette Lisle did then insist on being his wife, with what splendid eclat would they not go out to America together; the young hero who had carried off the British earl's granddaughter! In anticipation he saw the delighted society of the new world flinging open its gorgeous saloons to welcome him and his bride. The tempting thought came up in his mind, "If this should happen, if Janette will not give me up, I have the'money; destiny itself has placed it in my hands through the hands of my enemy. We can get away." When Christian Pilgrim came back from his purposeless wanderings he found Romont standing on the lawn near the outer door of the music-room smoking a cigar. There was a ceitain look of exaltation, if not even exulta tion, on Romont's face, and when he spoke he spoke like a man in high spirits. Pilgrim was suiprised to see him still there; but it was generally understood that no one was to be much surprised at any of the goings and comings of the principal frequenters of Fitz urse House. Romont had a letter in his hand. "Look here, Pilgrim,"he said, "my brave companion in Humane Society competition, I particularly want this letter taken up to the rectory at once. I would take it myself but for reasons." "I'll take it, of course, Mr. Romont: for Mr. Lisle V" " No; for Miss Sabine." Pilgrim drew back a little. "You don't want me to see her ?'" he asked. "No, not necessary. But I want it to be quite certain that she gets the letter to-night. She won't have gone to bed yet, I should think; but if she has you can have it given to her maid or some one, and make it clear that Miss Sabine is to get it at once. She must read it to-night. I'll wait until you come back; I want to have some, talk with you." Pilgrim took the lette? and .went his way. He felt Bure it was a love.letter from Romont to Miss Sabine. "Why not?" he asked him self. " Who could help loving her—who could be a fitter lover for her ?" This, however, was all the letter contained. " Don't expect Mr. Lisle in the. morning; I have not see him or sent him. any message. There is no necessity now, I am sure it is all right. Don't say anything to her; she is quite safe now." Romont did not say a word abont his love. It would have been unworthy, he thought, to take such advantage of a letter which was to tell her that he had succeeded in saving her friend. He wanted her love; but did not want to have any ray of it merely refracted from her sudden gratitude. She does love me, he thought; I can wait. Pilgrim came back and told him he had given the letter to a servant. Miss Sabine was still up and would get it. "I saw Walter Fitzurse in the grounds," he said. " In the grounds here?" "No; up at the rectory. He didn't see me, I think; he didn't want to see me, perhaps; but I saw him. He was behind one the trees; perhaps he wanted to know something about Vinuie." " I shouldn't think it was that," said Romont. " Idon't suppose he knows anything about what happened." "1 hope not; I shouldn't like him to know; it would only make him more vain than he is. He would take a pleasure in the thought that a pretty girl had tried to drown herself on his account." "He isn't thinking about her now, I am sure," Romont said. " He was there anyhow." Romont remained silent a moment, a little anxious. Then his looks cleared. " I know. I see. Poor fellow—he has gone to take a last look; that is what I should do if I were he. In that way I am in thorough sympathy with the goings on of the ghosts, Pilgrim ; I should like if I were a ghost to be always haunting the places where I had felt anything, happiness or not. Walter Fitzurse is doing the ghost business to-night." In his heart Romont, felt compassion for the fallen and ruined young man, and thought the better of him because he had stolen away to haunt the spot where his lost love was hidden. A pang of generous pity went through him. He told Pilgrim nothing more about Walter. After an horn: or two of talk Romont started to walk home alone. After all the excitement of the day a long lonely walk would suit him. Faint streaks of dawn were showing in the sky as he passed the Old Ferry Inn. There was an unwonted air of life and activity in the house for such an hour; there were lights moving about in the rooms here and there. In the river just in front of the hostelry a small steam yacht was lying. Her steam was up, and she was evidently about to start. A boat was made fast to the steps of the old inn. Romont stopped for a moment and looked at the steamer, and wondered who owned her and what she was going to do; then glanced at the water, thought of the poor girl he had rescued from it only a few hours ago, and went his way. He reached his home tired, proud, and on the whole happy in the thought that he had been able to do something which Camiola would be glad to hear of; and lie slept well and had sweet dreams. (To be continued.) 