SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB MEETING. EAST DAY.-Sau-huav, Mar 2. The South Australian Jockey Club mange rated a new era in their racing history when they determined to run their Cup meeting on the V R! C course, at Flemington, instead of in their own colony) As all interested in racing are aware, the club was compelled to take this extraordinary step by reasoners recent act of the South As trail in Tar Laurent, which defines belling of any kind as an offence against the state. The sudden decision of the South Australian Legislature was considered the more surprising, inasmuch as the total is i tor, which could never be legalised hue, was worked for a long time at South Australian race meetings But when the bating machine was suppressed, the betting ring was also so hampered with stringent conditions that obtaining a vast r on a race through that medium Easton suffered next to impossible. for their opening day., the visitors were favoured with weather superior even to the latest day of the V RC Spring Meeting Could such an excellent day have been assured beforehand, the attendance must have been much larger, for no doubt the uncertainty of this period of the year caused hesitation among very many who are obliged to make up their minds a few days before the meeting Every corner of the course was green as an emerald, and the grass on the lawn was not so long as to be n discomfort to those who like to promenade there between the races Amongst the visitors were His Excellency the Governor, Lady) Loch, and Hints 'There was a large crowd in the paddock, but this was made up very largely of members of the V it C, from whom the institution in possession for the time received no benefit The attendance in the other parts of the tour, was that of the ordinary off day meetings at Flemington In two of the events comprising the programme for the day the fields were good, but in the three other races five was the man mum This number constituted the field for the First Hurdle Race, for which Old Soul was made the fine ounce Against l_cho-whoso remarkable win in the Steeplechase at the Autumn Meeting will be remembered the odds were a, fraction better, and with Sir Patrick a point more Excepting Yellow Hammer whose style at the hurdles in dicated the nowee-the other horse kept a veil pether Sir Patrick took a strong lead in the last quarter of a mile, but, tiring towards the finish. Old Soul, had he not been staggered for an instant in smashing through the panels of the last hurdle, must have caught him, instead of being beaten by a neck Lcho, who looked Justice than in the autumn, had not sufficient pace to race with the other two at the finish Only three -Silver Ixuv, 'The Broker, and Sandal saddled for the St Leger, but the betting seemed to indicate that all three were looked upon with some favour Silver King, who had already won two Legers was backed at as nearly as possible even money but, as it was the opinion of many that The Broker would have beaten him in Sydney but for a stumble, the best odds against the chesnut were 0 to 1 The Broker looked better than he has been for some time past, while Silver King was sweating very much behind the saddle Sandal made the pace, and with such effect that at one time it seemed improbable that either of the colts would catch her The South Australian mare, galloping low, and with a long over stride, kept the lead until the home turn was gained, when the pace told, an soon the other pair were racing alongside In the race to the judge's box Silver King at first looked like winning, but The Broker had most pace in reserve, and catching the favourite within a hundred yards of the post, kept a bare head in advance for the rest of the journey The whole history of the race, which was run on Saturday for the 29th time, has been one of small fields, seven horses in the year 1859 being the greatest number ever saddled for the event There have been 10 fields of his each, and the race has on six occasions been limited to three horses, whilst last year it was reduced to a match A less historical but much more interesting event came next in the Goodwood Handicap, the big race of the day Exactly 20 star ters remained in, and amongst them Topaz was, as far as betting indicates merit, considered best Ironmaster, who won last j tar in the best time yet made for the race, and the advantage of a year in age and no additional weight, but the horse was hardly right enough to excite any violent fancy for his chance, as the offered odds of 100 to S plainly hinted After Topar, St Lawrence and Lord W Ilton received a very fair support, but against anything else liberal odds were offered The light weight Lantern, who from the first was looked upon as most general ously treated by the handicapper, was backed to win a fair amount at J atteraall's on the night before the meeting The horse, although rather too long in the limbs for a model, looked stout enough to make 9st 12lbs a feather weight in a mile race He had the good fortune to get clear of the ruck, too, for soon after the word "go" was given, he went away with a bound and was never caught again Going well in the straight, he easily survived the efforts of Lord Wilton and The Ghost to get on terms with him, and won easily by three lengths As South Australia got first and second, it cannot be said that the racing men of the colony lost much through the event being run at Flemington Lantern has won several minor races in South Australia, but this was the first time he gained a prominent position in a big race Whatever chance Topaz may have had, was lost by his delay at the start-a limit which cost him over a dozen lengths He was with the leaders again half way round, but after that was never been in the front rank The Sires' Produce Stakes was simply a question of which of three Gang forward youngsters was the best and the public settled the matter before hand by unanimously selecting Sir T Elder's handsome filly Juanita, who was backed at odds of four to one on her Juanita proved that her ability was equal to her good looks by galloping away from Remus and The Teacher, the latter especially making a very mild had to be included in the race Lightctn horses made an excellent held for the (main event, the Victoria Handicap, and a very fine show the colours made as the horses drew up in line As far as the betting indicated the result, Meander was to fight it out with the two year old filly Meerschaum, and the pair had every opportunity of doing so, as they got away together in advance of the others Honora and Pj rette were first across the tan and from that point Mr Miller's mare got away from the more handsome Honora. Neander, who was blocked for a time, came with a big rush on the inside, but too near the finish to be effective, as he had only got within half a length of Pyrette when the mare reached the post 'The racing was finished so early that visitors had an opportunity of getting back to town at least an hour earlier than in the spring The railway arrangements, luncheon, and other accessories of the meeting were as perfect as could be wished , but for Cup day a band of music on the lawn would aid the enjoyment of those who find the intervals between the events rather dull The following are the details of the racing - latest hurdle it va pieces. each, with 160 (Sovs added About two little- ur A ltrRU-Oim W B Sir Patrick, by Croairh Iotrick-l'rine-s-lcoja!, 0 j rs, list 121 (ter cuson) ... 1 Mr M F Whitty s b is Old Soul, pre 8st Dib (M'Leod) 2 Mr H Q Talbot's ch g Echo, aged, 9st 10lb (Corrliran) 8 lion Vi Pearson- b in Cussler, pre hint (Malone) 0 Mr J Simson ns ill c Yellow Hammer, . j rs, oat, tanks! Out He (Harden) 0 lliUmg -2 to 1 not Old Soul 15 to 20 last 1 time, to 1 agst Sir 1 patrick r to 1 ot - G --Tier . ello v lillimur took the had at the start and the aid Old 'our next to fill but on coming: to the first hurdle Yellow II immer 1 lumbered to it a lot of ground and finance in the rear throughout the rim Old So it lil I Gawler is cru close together as Lim unreached the straight running the former though,, first in the as in the straight I came im proved the pie hitherto moderate and had a ban Bill in the | sail the stand still Old boat and G Salier follow me bin closed) beer was 111 front round to the I ride Third Old Soul pass 1 him, and lo 1 by about half a lui|,Lh with Gasalier and Sir I trick is now in another flat to. lin. nations in are all land when the Hill visible tural itself but s r attack bad men I up into third place With the exception of a ellen Hammer I oats on" the other of an horses are altogether as they now reached the j ap In the i skirt Let me for the sion I Un c or I for I the same I to I winner d iiithsll"htlt Mriitrek is 1 into the straight and Good" in his early at work with I is still] on 1 the medium, li of the in - 1 little Hon J he has 1 Case h 11 not to cash a ne to he d I (am so is it the line h Sir 1 Urn It tire v out in Ith about" him, and looked like limiting"' easily but li fire! for miles the finish and had not Old Soul Inn stir" till I sIlKbllj I J main" through lines I of our the last hurdle he must artillery hill roll fifth satellite. Slrlatlitk ill are l -to li he was beaten by a neck 1 elm was third a length and a half 'mad Cob iller next and Wilson llaniiiu.rl_.dlj be the, last time in. iii SI I I It SI MILE Of 20 beds each with 50 added for three years on the second horse to need no beds and the third -j boys One mile and three quarters and injures Vlr A Halinbourg, s ch c The Broker, by Gol Is I much- Milodi 8st 10lb (-leaders) Mr I Wilson in (Just. he Silver King, by First heat.- benefits but 1010 (Moore) Mr R ( onion s ch f S and it, by V, interlake quickstep the 7th (Mallin) . listen-in to 10 sent her hing, 0 to a Hie broker, to 1 Sand it As soon as the Ila.' dropped, Sandal took the lead and at the stewards stand and about by ten lengths? ahead of The broker, who in turn was last he is on the favourite The filly made the pace fast down the river Ride towards the bridge and lines moving -splendidly At the back of the co what the lead of the Adelaide filly was considerably reduced Silver King,, still galloping"' easily, falling- within three lengths of her At the abattoirs Sin InU li a 1 was reduced to half a In the II u HoUr I once _verilluiit,thä thin silver Man. Alone) in. the turn has led know I out a coto lo ed for tin from the Riverina and was mill all did, so well that I 1 THE Ultima,. Tin lies at the t.... nil silver hint, showed that in the straight running. He sent it to be winning, l silk 1 at when the li offer travel It 1 Illili hill was blown Moor i ml I (," little l t of the cult with the war an 1 h soon is the chesnut 2, this head in front In. 1 at it tin ore to the Hi Ish 11th lion- were running school) on tin. only in the last 100 yards that the li 1st of July r John, s uni. I to Hill a difficulty In us a " his will] The Hrokcrvvon a good race by a bull sandal who had as I off loin., about 10 lengths 1 till I am j i r 1m Jin alas i (lonvMion owner Of 10 1,0 as It with 0 ova ad I I Second horse 15 Sovs from the like third horse to am like stil e Or of night Mr W Crozier s If it. fact in Ex Will I do- To el uni n vis l t I II (Nicholson) 1 111 I « 1 His still c Lord Wilton 4yrs "7st Dib (ley r) 2 Mr I C ltd 1 such g Tin. Olle aged Tit 1916 (J W Williams) Mr N Wilson's b h l|ln_,uool 0 yrs, 8st 12 (Hutchins) Mr A Harvey 3 brcMlldlcniaich, Vira Sst but (am. by Mr A Iliillnboiirg s b c St Lan rence, 1 J as st. -lb (Saunders) Mr I prisons (Jun ) b g Alphabet, 4 yrs, 8st (Moore.) Mr D Robertson s b o Anoliorito, 4 j rs Sst (Kills) 0 air A F Sullivan s br g Hamid 4 yrs, 7st. 12th (topic) Hon A Pearsondale kingship, 3 J S, Tait 10lb (Brow n) Mr C H T IlnrWbr of St John, 4. in Fat 916 (Robertson) Mr It. Love a b li Topaz, 6 yrs Sat 5lb (W J man) Mr D S Wallace's got Donna, 4 yrs, Tat Tib (0 Brien) Mr li. Batty each of Umberto, i j re Tat. fib (T W Williams) Mr S Miller a bo Fallieres 4 yrs 7st" 4lb (Olds) 0 Mr A A plain s h o Carbuncle, 4 yrs 7st. 8lb (rarall) 0 Mr T W hlttingham such li Ironmaster, 6 yrs 7st, carried 7st 4lb (Prahan) 0 Mr S (L Cook a br of Marie Louise, S 5 re, Tst (I Innatran) 0 Mr J Hamer sop lines 3 j rs 9st 10lb (In chain. 7lb penalty) (Cracknell) 0 Mr H Haines's boDorkoloj, 3 yrs 6st 4lb (R Williams) 0 Betting 400 to SO agst Topaz, 0 to 1 a st St. Law rence S to 1 aunt Lord W Ilton 10 to 1 atrst St. John and Lantern 1- to 1 agst Middlemarch Duenna and Lucas 100 to S light Ironmnstor SO to 1 nest Ring wood Hazard The Ghost and Marie Louise As the colours carried were In nearly every instance distinctly of the positions of the different horses at the starting post could be easily picked out The tan curate was on the 1 side with St Laurence sent to him while the pair on the right were AiiLhorito and Hazard Diiuma was latterly sails sent from the centre to the extreme outside Very soon after the (la,, dropped Lantern had a lead, and was at once clear of the Held The favourite got away very badly, and must have lost between 12 and 2 lengths but was soon up with the others leaving the rear it position to Kingship Altn Lantern the horses showing In the front group were St John, Fallieres, Ilorkoloj Duoiina Marie Louise and The Ghost rossini, the abattoirs Lim tern and Pallloroo were close together in the lead, with Umberto and Topaz running next and Kingship still last Ltintcrn had a strong led at the shells, Pallloroo and Iterl club being lure side by side leading the others The horses all hands! up together turning towards the straight, and foran Instant It was impossible to say what was in the loan) but as soon its the straight was readied It was evident that nothing else in the race could catch Lantern, as he came along full of running in the front rank were Fallieres lim Ghost Lord Wilton, Umberto and St. Lawrence These in turn made their effort, but could not reach Lantern who won easily by three lengths Lord W Ilton boating The Ghost by a head In the struggle for second place Ironmaster was fourth, St. Luz once fifth then came Pallloroo Middle march, Ringwood Anchorite, and Uucas, with lying ship last Time has 44s WINNERS OF THE GOODWOOD HANDICAP One mile issued r J Leal r 1 A white gingham Mr W Crozier DOD Result Colstoun 0 12 1 4lb 1 lil? i ml tHllLS I IIODUCE brAKES, OtlOsovs each, with 100 Sovs added and 60aova subscribed by owners of sires for two Carrolls The nominator of the size of the winner to receive 60 sovs out of the stake and the second horse to save his stake Three quarters of a mile Sir r Lldcrs b f Juoniio by Gang Forward Haidee, 8st 3lb (including Dib purnit.) (Wyman) Mrs G Cook sell of homes by Gang, Forward Romula 8st. 7lb (St Albans) Mr A It Iloborujon s b of The Teacher by Gang ¡.onvard-rinllj Inlthful (9st. 10lb (Gallagher) 3 Betting -4 to 1 on Juanita. Juanita went to the front as soon as the flag fall and kept the position easily right down to the winning post At the upper end of the carriage 1 addock tat Albans on Thomas made a determined effort to reduce the distance between him and the leader but gained only on sufferance as Juanita won by time clear lengths at the finish The Tiochir'a ri Ici seemed to are apt defeat as a foregone conclusion and neither horse nor rider seemed to sort themselves particularly during the last half of the race Time, in -its WOTONGA HANDICAP, Of 3 sovs, with 100 sovs added Half a mile Mr S Miller's br f Pjrctto, by Bras de for Irlma 4yrs 8st Tib (Olds) Mr S Grimwood s by li Meander, aged 8st 4lb (J Williams) Mr J W Whittingham's br f Honora, 4 j rs, Tat Tib (Trahan) Mr W J ¡jinartsbro Voloolpodo, 4 yrs, 8st. 10lb (Ivimj) Mr It lists a ch c Umberto, 4 yrs 8st 5lb (Bur ton) Mr C H T Hart's b f Gymkhana, 4 j rs bat. Dib (M Grade) v Mr H Tothill's ch of Surprise, 4 yrs, 8st Dib Warden) Mr R G Talbot's b g Stafford, 6 yrs, 8st. 4lb (1 allow) Mr A Summer s b or br g Ace, 0 j rs, Sat 3lb (Cope) Hon L. H Smith a ch f Melodious 2 J rs Bat lib (Ulah) Mr L. W Lilias clio Manfred, 3 yrs, Tet 121 (Power) 0 Mr I 1 culham such a Salvo, 3 j yrs, 7st 3lb (Robertson) Mr ft Thurllnt s b of East by one, J J ra, Tst Tib (Burns) Mr W Pie Holds b or br t Agnes, 3 yrs 7st Tib (Fletcher) 0 Mr S M V Wilson sha Derision, 2 yrs, "7st 2lb (T Brown) 0 Mr L Wookaschf Solomon, 2 yrs 6st 1248 (R Brown) 0 Mr W Crozier's b of Miss serlIn, yrs, Oat 246 (Johnston) 0 Dr J biuieon ns b 2 Meerschaum, 2 3 yrs, 6st, carried 6st lib (Nicholson) 0 Betting -6 to 1 (at first 8 to 1) agst Meander, ft to 1 agst Meerschaum 8 to 1 agst Sale o, 10 to 1 nDst Surprise and Pyretto, 12 to 1 aged Ace, Honora and Miss Merten The horses came away in a line when the flag went down Mcnndoraiid Meerschaum, the two favourites having, If any thing, the advantage Honora a d Pjiotto were the first to allow across the is a tall and these two, with Derision in the centre of the field fought for the load until the half way point was gained, then Pjrotio showed In front and) held the position to the final Meander who was blocked for some time came with a rush in the centre and although making up his ground very fast was beaten by half a length Honor: was thin! a kicker I eli! 11 Meander then came Miss Merlin bt afford aid Agnes with Alo brings, up the rear Time Drs SPORTING NO 11 & The runaway victory of punters on Saturday last was another instance of the under mentioned mistakes made now and again by handicappers in flaming the weights for an important race line it is that the previous day in of the South Australia was not at first sight look the nth mi the company he successfully ran amongst my sufficient line to warrant Mr I currant in being sevEre with him, but a "Time at his pcrlorniiiiicLS will show he has invariably Cycling called upon to carry his. WEights The name of I intern does not appear in the off He hailed as a two or three year old East year he was out seven times on four occasions earning; winning"' brace lets much in the Minion Plate at Wentworth the 1 Ijing II unit is at the same place three months later as also the J ladies' trophy and I see. Handicap At the Adelaide Racing. Club meeting he was un placed to topaz in the City Handicap of one mile the winner Larrjini. Ulb men., and the line, mon mr finished a long way behind Ovmlhani Lantern was in the dived into the betting;, last Monday when he was backed to win both the Goodwood Handicap and Adelaide he Cup for all the money in the market at 100 to 4 after which It to 1 was the most liberal offer J or Saturday h rite the respectable price of 10 to 1 has always been obtainable The connexions of the (gelding,, are understood to have netted! several thousands through his success and they can now have splendid daily, for the trip in the doubles for which latter event 4 to 1 was taken red) on Saturday night at the Victorian Club and the Cupied) To 1 s ii certainty) for Lantern, inasmuch as his 10lb penalty) only brings Ins ucijitupto rib in re than he carried in the Good word But allowances must be made for accidents and contingencies as was illustrated by the Coronet is new in the Australian Cup is the view nan Club on Saturday night there was some spirited wagering over the Adelaide Cup Ci nscn,ucnt on Lantern s ( isy win of the Goodwood Handicap, the penalty for which makes his weight but his men in the Cup it was but natural that the South Australian live year old should all at once become a warm favourite lora 1 t i of money 1 to 1 was accepted, Sardius comm!, next at 100 to 14 at which lines his mount was written down to Lb 000 Britisher was also j theme lunn of some Lenuinu speculation that I Ballarat division supported. the light w Lichte I Hix j an old to win over! 4,000 at 100 1111 1 Prometheus in a lot of friends at 10 to 1 to a total n about 10 000 11 visible Lord Wilton and Conjecture were all quiet at 10 to 1 offered, but Anchoiitt wash friends but 100 to 7 to the rim nut oil 1 000 or i > 000 S thin" over Saturn has a racing! theses place to live at the Victorian Club an 1 Howes s Tattersall s < Club The weights for the purser) Handicap 10in; Handicap and St conti Hurdle Race, be run on Thursday) and Saturday, will be declared to morrow Mr George W ation fined all the society in the Goodwood Handicap on Saturday, and several of the in were similarly punished for the second time during the afternoon He intends to take several of them before the stewards if they are not more obedient on Hi Friday) and Saturday) Owners and trainers are again reminded that entries for the birthday Handicap to be run in a loan Mon with the usual meetings of the Melbourne Hunt Club close at 1 0 clock to day to Mr C W Shaw, the hon secretary, at 10- Bourke street west Inn nding visitors to the Cairn Curran sale of blood stock are notified that a special train has been arranged by Messrs W C >. mile and Co to leave Spencer street, at. 11 tomorrow morning for Maldon which will be reached so only after 11 o'clock At Maldon conveyances will be in waiting for Cairn Curran His return train leave Million at 0 10 p m , reaching town soon after 'I o'clock The train will pick up and fell down a passengers on Ixj nation and ( stir in one He railway fare for the double journey is l ii II As then is very little doing, in town on 1 Leading racing men, at n if the I do not intend to buy, will find that v Hit to Cairn Curran littiriHtmg and enjoyable I am weights for the Coronet ( up and other handicaps to be run for at 1 lsttmwitk park on 1 riding will be declared on I Tuesday Messrs H C 1 mile und C i continue their blood I stock sales on the Tuesday at the las toral, Newmark at The tutalt'MiiB comprise the entire bru dint, stud of Mr John W hit Ingham , yearlings from the State farms of Mr C B Fisher and Mr W Black for his ham park and well I resi young mines from Mr W Field's, instilling his hide 1 in the day's list me also several well known performers with us Capri Chuckster Scara match, Squireen ve Messrs Campbell. Pratt, and Co will offer for sale on a (Wednesday, at Kirk s Bazaar the following well known steeplechases and hurdle racers by instructions from Mr R Glasscock -Don Alonzo Hollar lxuiLston, 1 sickle, Gold Top, Hird Innes, and Black thorn Breeders of racing critic will take notice that entries for the Murrimbidgee Turf Club Derby, buts Produce and Mines Produce Stakes close to Mr H Hawkes the secretary at V. Wagga Wagga on W Wednesday The Derby is to begin at the spring meeting of next year and the entrance is 2 sovs Hit "lies Produce Stakes lins an Anti ince In one sovereign, and the Mares' Produce til es of the Home The Birthday meeting of the Sydney '1 turf Club requires notice on Thursday next The general entries are then to be made nor must the first world it" for the Hojlil Still ts and Birthday Cup but omitted 1 either general entries or the forfeits named can be made and declared at the V 11.C office, in Melbourne Messrs Campbell, 1 salt, and Co , conduct an important sale of blood stock on 1 Friday, at Kirk s Bazaar, the consignment being from the Hon M Pearson Buyers for the Indian market Bill, as at former Kilmany-park sales, have a chance of securing well bred, useful horses this year s Caulfield Cup is slightly altered from last years It is now handicapped GUOO set , made up of first payment of 5 sovs, second payment 5 sovs, and 10 sovs. for acceptors The entries are to be made on Monday the 1st of June At the same time the entries for the following produce stakes will be received Juvenile Stakes, to be run on the 25th December next, Criterion Stakes, run at the February meeting in 1880, the Great Foal Stakes and the Caulfield Guineas, run at the October meeting next year 1 English sporting news by yesterday's mail, shows that the Lincolnshire Handicap of 20 sovs each, with 1 000 Sovs added was won on the 25th of March by Mr li 1 Barclay's Bendigo, by Ben Battle Hasty Girl 3yrs, 8st nil. Mr R H Tidy s Bird of Freedom, 3 yrs, (st lb and Mr Abington s MacMahon, _ ) rs , ist 'lib , were second and third There were 21 starters Bendigo was favourite at 11 to 1 MacMahon coming next at 7 to 1 whilst Bird of 1 reedomawii8 at 100 to 7 the place betting was even money Bendigo, 7 to 1 MacMahon, and T to 1 Bird of 1 freedom The time for the mile, as given by Bensons chronograph, is recorded at lm £6 1 this, too fast to be correct, as it is well known that time on English courses is considerably above r than in Australia By table last week we learnt that Bird of Freedom and MacMahon were respectively first and second for the City and Suburban Handicap Members. of coursing clubs in general, and the New South Wales Club in particular, will bear in mind that nominations for the second New South Wales Waterloo Cup close on I Thursday next, to Mr James Perry, at Tattersall's Club, Sydney, before J o'clock The stake is for 32 all ages at Iii sovs each, the 10 grey hounds beaten the first round also having a second chance. The winner of the Waterloo Cup will receive 150 sovs. and a piece of plate, value "JO sovs, presented by Mr. Edward Lee, the second 7t> sovs , third and fourth SO sovs each, whilst the next four and eight (are) hounds participate in the division The winner of the Purse receives 10 sovs and the second and third also take prizes Last year the New South Wales Water Too Cup was won b) Monsoon, a Victorian grey hound, belonging to the Hon. W. M. Tulloch, who also divided the Purse with a brace of his own grey hounds, Mornington, the property of Mr Andrew loving running up for New South Wales That Victorian coursers will be to the fore arms is an assured fact Last year Victoria was represented by Messrs W M'Culloch T B Scott George W hittni'ham II Gore, W Pitt, H 1 master, I 1 Taylor, and J Wolstenholme The meeting is on Wednesday and Thursday, the 20th and 21st inst, at the Rooty hill Plumpton near Sydney, the property of Mr. Walter Lamb As will be seen below Mr Cox has postponed his champion meeting at Moonee Valley, fixed for the same week as the Sydney Waterloo, so that intending. Victorian noun waters will not be inconvenienced Mr Cox intimates that he has determined to postpone the Champion Coursing Meeting at Moonee Valley, on the 22nd and 23rd inst so as not to clash with the New South Wales it Waterloo Cup which is held the same week, and the Sherwc of 1 park meeting on the following Monday In lieu of the fixture there is to be a single days coursing on the 2 3rd of June when a couple of Id dot, stilts and two or three ' eights will be run for By that "it, also the various improvements " in progress on the ground will be completed They include a new escape paddock and an inner and outer circle for the general public at a shilling admission COURSING SHEPPARTON -LUE MLLUNG Mat 2 (By Teleokaiii I iioM quit Comt-yiosu-*,- ) Sill I 1 JON SI VMS For 16 all ages at i."'' with plate added by Mr 1 miner Meminto a ble Happy Hines drawn to beat Chester Hill . IV Mr J I uri uri no 1 d b Itoai by Brindle Queen li it Mr ( fillies bit w d Memento Ij Dlonjalus -Institut 1 a li and won the stake I VI IN AUOOJ NA Bl Vlits For 8 all ages at 61 Is this . Hall's r b I Hill 2 i ed by Brindled keen ? A Star liner b In b Hit I am) While Wax Mr I line Mr mile Deans a son Ian used Sniper is My God and a by Mr O Wellssbdw d SpruifcHeld bl Hinchley -lil Frank Orr a Sutherland s f li Needlework in Burnie! - who beat Mr T Hall as f b Case I j 1 after Nellie's Little Cuicii beat I lo III Mr T Hall's r is Little C. leen 11 1 rind Queen , Mr W Harpers of 1 Snal p r ly My God and in Mr W Sutherland's f b -needlework I j Stanley - excite divided the store Svrurtl'VV lins meeting, post) direct from the 22nd Ult on account of the scarcity of hares was concluded to day) in O Di a paddock a short distance from Shepparton The weather was all that could be desired but the attendance was very moderate 1 lit few trials turn went to trapped hares and a few from the bush to finish with but one shot it had to be divided amongst the last three CHICK I HAWTHORN V CARLTON This match was continued and concluded on Saturday and resulted in a win for the former to Emu after a very close contest The follow his, are the _ HAWTHORN V dollar 1 b Richards 0 Berry b A Browning II Clark b Mil Inter 111 1 Gresford ex Browning, b Midwinter 111 ltilKBoll run out U Waiters c Midwinter b A Browning 0 in the Nelson, bMllwliitor U ft ml b A Browning. 0 Austin car (Ininti r I Richardson line lison b Mills inter 0 Clarke not out 4. Byes 4 Tot ii 08 CARLTON I reculan 1 The lesson is 8 Sprit be in li on 1 ( ullin b Dr lesson 27 6 1 mildly t kill sell, b Ward 25 shot his li li till Ilion 0 A Ure must (al suit) 0 Hi In inter 1 Un less the cry learnt out S Hill is yards (at suit) 0 motor car out 12 Ollrnc li Itllssill 0 Ijo Floral D7 Till Ma at OLItNr SPOT IS DEPOT TIWI HIE. The match between the Capulet and Dudgeon and Arnell clubs was continued on the short i 1 Fitzroy Cricket ground on Saturday The game stood pre houseless] unit first mile lm SJ Dudgeon and Arn II -li Capulet second innings four wickets for 104 runs The two not out men resumed their I lacks but owing to the "ood Coulin), an I fielding. of Dudgeon and Armit's team, who seemed to upon their initial, they disposed of the remaining" six UN it is of the ( q ii w II! 2 runs, and in the C ipuhL nil out the 1st instant h mnUUrbto.û than was first expected but not guilty lent to make the tax on th shoppers in any way serious winning Dudgeon and will commence Khi is become burnie by sailing in Walsh and Elliot wind and sail until Walsh waste If I by Robert tt r may be a very useful Mr net took his place, an I follow! g his careful- mvuiinlL, made JJ runs before retiring Muller) and I think pi ried out time and Bill 10 mail M, been put out the bu J mind patient I issue, of I lllot being run h although in a time blinds Dudgeon and After, three weeks is for by I consult Mr L OURs V CARLTON Thatuoilminpionsor The oil football days of Mel bourne! but for the five months season on Saturday, when the Melbourne cricket ground, which was the SELIG of Du htiUKuIi, was attended by about 6000 a serious thin the trains entered the met!, the Melbourne his hj Aitl en, and Carlton, by takes, nuns now faces were Men among them in the Melbourne t mine t tons in and 1 a few from the Au mm t lull Mitchell and M Clinch from the South Melbourne club and Grafton (w o j held in place of Mo s) for n rr sets in with Un last Melt ounce fine The intense privation were 1 seen from the Merino Club) Heu Ci hip Mr and A Wilson from the Star effusion the brothers Cameron who Imc much d to him and after resting for a times in , Html from the south main club Waiting from shaft At tillie, an 1 Mullan I, from the liniments tins lashed round pIa)ui,who were led to me on his to me, but more the appear men of a number of (the Melbourne team than of that to which he really belonged and in consequence of celled scientists ohio little marks' In mistakes the toss for choice of grain was won by li idea or, what do Ide! to kick with a fresh wind which was blow air into the west goal Spooner sent the ball off for Melbourne, and it was returned by the Carlton back player to the centre line of the (far 1, where the play for Rural minutes was testing O Item cut a mark in front of the pavilion when the ball had been thrown in from out of bounds and with a loud l ill stored the first behind for Carlton the is ill was sent out and after dw Iii me for a, short space on the south wind, was worked with the centre and got dual!) d me to the Melbourne Post. shire (office, winter I willmdifuice (wear it but he failed to get it out into the field and it went out of bounds to the la nth or the Melbourne coast On its being thrown in tennis baker got a mark an 1 to his for (goal but his khkoulv In tilted In another behind The ball was kicked ( li, and the Molhouniu nice gentle strong efforts to force it to their oppose it port The hall was i He the, mid Carroll assisted by the Mel bourne followers in the battle within kicking this time of the Carlton posts, having, passed the Carlton men in the Le Var manner, but the tan Iton backs rose to the occasion, and wrested the ball from him, and once more It sped to the centre of the field, w here the follow um said respective captain, find a hard st nr £1, In for the supremacy Jinker sent the ball towards the Molson me and. Coulson returned It and Ila) cr again put it in front of the Melbourne posts where O 'Horn trot It, and to try her to BPoruagoal kicked the third behind for Carlton. The bill w as sent forth again, and the Melbourne men with their superior Hncal, pot it as far as the south east to its of the Carlton goal, where, the Carlton for you can come up. and, by their excess In neigh.bor the Dall to the Melbourne goal in spite of the reala ta nee of W defenders, and a fourth behind was rushed the frequency) of the bull's i Isltattous to the Melbourne posts was becoming serious, and Aitken urged his men to arouse themselves Another behind, however, resulted, despite the good play of Aitken and his baile ski) elf Liontuall) the ball was passed to Bush in front of the Carlton goal, but he took no advantage of the opportunity Coulson gained the ball, and failing to shoot a goal beat the hall behind it for the first time for Melbourne The hall made an end quick passages up and down the ground, being brindled b) near h every man in the field, after which the sixth behind was placed to Carlton h credit, and A W Mason. with a mark SI y yards In front, kick ed the first goal for Carlton amidst cheer- The work for some time afterwards was close to the Melbourne goal, and the eighth behind was kicked for Carlton The Melbourne men once more got the ball into the centre. where Hobs, Carroll, Johnson. and Upland distinguished themselves The bill was then worked to the south wing, and A Coulson, although opposed by three Carlton men, for our it for us in It was, however, returned to the Melbourne end), where Cameron got a mark, and kicked the second goal for Carlton. The Melbourne men appeared to sag, and taking advantage of the opportunity the Carlton rallied, and gave the ball to their captain, who got tibia another goal When the 10th behind had Ken rushed, half time was called, and the game stood-Carlton, it costs 10 bob 1min, Melbourne, 1 behind The w 10d which had fat oural the Carlton team, had now died away the Melbourne men, however, were not disheartened and soon had the ball danger very close to the Carlton posts, and killed kicked the second behind for them. As in the first half, the- play was nearly all on the south wing both sides played well, and the ball for a long time did not approach either goal The Carlton followers took advantage of a lull in the play of their opponents and got the ball up to Baker, in front of their posts and he added another goal to their score Carroll, Balley, and Cow ton, of the Melbourne team, worked li and at this juncture, but were out) now armed with another behind The ball was kept for awhile on the north side of the _ Carlton goal, and Allletk, one of the Melbourne, finished a smart run along the wing with a well judged kick for goal, but the ball struck the post, and therein the fourth behind was scored for Melbourne Unilui got hold of the bull in the centre and sent it to M Criddle, and he dribbled it through (scoring first goal for Melbourne Jinker got the ball soon after It was kicked cleaned with a running left foot kick scored a fifth goal for his side Soon afterwards M Crimlle In endeavouring to t» ne ale a goal, rushed the bill through this pest without kicking it Some Into resting play then took place between the followers of both sides on the south wing The ball was gradually worked into the vicinity of the Melbourne goal and jinker and Cameron each scoured a behind for Carlton Wilson followed just afterwards with the el Uli and last goal for Carlton. The Melbourne followed the hall on the kick off and rushed another behind The remainder of the play was about the centre of the fluid At the close of the Rain the k/ûi__uuro tar Iton, 0 goals 13 behinds, Melbourne, 1 goal 6 behinds. Mr T Neil), of the Essendon club, acted as central umpire Jinker Cameron, Johnstone, 0 Horn, Strickland, and W i Ison were of great sun go on the Carlton Ride, and Aitken, Hollo), Coubon. limit, Uoss, andW Ulis w o ked well for the vanquished team ESSENDON V HOTHAM The first match of the season botw ten the Essendon and Hotham clubs was played on bat today) on the East Melbourne Cricket ground in the presence of about 7,000 people Both team- has been altered considerably in construction since last he was on the most noticeable acquisitions to the Essendon ranks are M flour from the East Melbourne, Julien, M Shane and Pike from the Geelong', Moore from St, James's, Moline from Toorak and Mander from youth A area, while the Hotham team has been strengthened by the addition of M Crioktu and I flowers from the Man of the Hon h aim from South Melbourne U Iii Ion from the Union Jack, Hill), from Port Melbourne and (hem of our Wil llniuHtoun Owing to the absence of Show, Hotham had to resort to their emergency and Churn played in his stead A Lu captain of the II thus, won the toss from E Powell, who is the rummUm team, and one ted to kick with the war which was blow off towards the south end of the ground The halt was kicked off at a quarter past 3 p m by Powell, and was received by Anderson, who sent it well down the centre where Alessio around it and kicked first bible I for Hotham. On the kid MI the 1 station follower took it round the Jolimont wing where Moore got a tree fell and Ht nt it out of bounds in front of the t "id m in I hear with the you train M Rout got a mark, and if it to Martin but play on non rolled, and he met Nevin took the ball down the I, rou ii I am Huisiou got a car) In front and kicked first Lal for Hotham The ball being kicked off 1 Essendon rallied and HihuiLmt H Tindale a mark in front but (mine to the town a day of Walter John Stoneware sent by 1 owner wtesuwnrdedn'rec kick fora I let him in as a to rowing the ball endeavor Martin and who had ed Hirst b need for 1 Essendon Love and M trial on to do the lad! down the centre of the round and Houston obtain it and punted it through the posts, thus scoring a coin! goal for Hotham Hotham fore I the 1 ill luck after the kick off, despite the game on" its (flowers in the centre of mid ?M-blio.bul), uni Houston Mel ed another behind Moor I'ilt Aitken an 1 I! Tindale did seem a good time across the liniment was,. like and Powell distinguished themselves by a thin ' good run across chagrined but the ball was Krtcd had and went ( out of bounds in the Hscn 1 a goal On being thrown in I first took to session, and carried a down the east wing, where it went out O Harlen Alessio and Todd miller I well in the centre and carried the bill near the goal, but Sebire relieved his side and I took the hall noth west wing, wholesome out of house lsph\ was induced in Atthis))oiiitofthu game Smith of session was hurt but uotscrioush, as he resumes 1 work In a few minutes Hot him to another behind and immediately after Hems like 1 the bill out of a scrimmage and scored third goal for his side M ( i taken recoil to the kick off and passed the ball to To Id who sent it out of bounds on thtcn«.twmn Hotham b one another behind and Aitken, I river and the mothers Kout brought the bill in the centre of the (man 1 where Pearson got a mark, but M trad til and laid and duty led their your will and sent it down the centre of Ah Sam, who gave it to 16) Houston marked from his kick: and before I fourth goal for Hotham the passed in inst were known sailed for some time without internal son but Sthln always prove 1 equal to the occasion Pi iron low til and M Rout car and in it than to the Hotham posts where 1 Kout Lotanmik in fruit but could only score a behind ImtilonsHiontl Ilftlain then hoped another behind and the body was taken up the ground and I Tindall cot also right in front of t, j ii when the half time I end as if the scores being Hotham 4 To his 7 behinds 1 station I behinds on resuming the game Moore took the ball down (bott litre of labour and ant M Blum Aitken, and 1 arson each scored a behind for 1 ss i Ion I owed did a good run towards the 1 both in good hutWuItu Johnston d ends. well it r I s e U n li id ol tabled three more behinds inquif k am ss Ion M Rout obtained the ball, ran bill of the death of the round an i fields 1 by his kin-, n as lead! I o ii with a i running kick Hotham rushed the ball up at I ii e and No re relieved their goal well, and tin Les a son followers U of it down in the best wine, and later got a mark in front but could only see a behind Essendon Lot moth r behind 1, and then Aiti ex p met on the ball through the posts, making I Essendon second Pearson marked the kick off and after i To master in of Hill bill to Aitken, who died at third goal for I well Ion Aitken obtained still another mark in front but lost all chance of scoring in attempting to fire a little mark The game at this time was Lxete lines fast an i increased in speed every) moment Moore got a mark in front, but the Hotham backs sent it away again Pearson did some good play in the rent. and gave 1 Tindale a month without any good result The ball now travelled the length of the ground three times in quick succession Alceste Late 1UI_% a mark which brought Hotham another behind It Tindale and Moline took the hall dow in the west wing, and Moore was awarded a fr t kick, but he kicked 1 both Hotham took it in Berlin and Cherry) (gave Alexeieff mark but Pearson, b) Booth has), averted the danger of a goal Martin and I am 1er then took the ball down the Jolimont wing but it was brought back In Morris M Rout gave a mark to Lawler, who scored a behind for Essendon Aitken and Meader following, hint I Itout unshaven a frocks k, niidlickcltol area, who hand ed another behind On the kick off Pearson britain 1 the ball an I Unio Men by a mark who 1 idle I fourth goal for 1 h eildon amidst loud theirs, the scores being now equal from this out the game was extremely exciting, and ended in a draw in for our of 1 Sandon, who scored I lords In behinds to Hotham a 4 goals 0 Ik him li tons R M Tout Pearson, lawler, Shire, Moore Pike At en and Meader pi i) ed best for I Essendon, while M ( raid on the, Alessio, Houston. Walter Johnston I uncle, Morris, and Henry did good 1 sales for Hotham Mr M Minchin was field umpire, and discharged his duties satisfactorily At the conclusion if the match the Hotham team drove direct to the Port Melbourne railway) men, where they embarked on board the s s Adelaide for Adelaide UNIVERSITY v. FITZROY Tin so clubs met for the first time on Saturday on the 1 Fitzroy Cricket- ground, in the presence of about 1,00 spectators On the prctlati-tttiiim, the Fitzroy) team met at the Leicester Arms Hotel and elected Mr McShane as their captain and Mr Worrall as their vice-captain for the ensuing,,' season Before the com mencement of the match on Saturday that Unit orall V tram ci, es. of Mr O E Clifton (late of Melbourne, a their mi Ulm and) Mr R R Ro".rs (of Dominion fame) as vice captain The University) team turned up punctually., than fill a man being on the ground before the appointed time the Metro) took the lead at about in inn! to pay t t ii of Mr Cuh as Bob the son- (or the Railways), let us shut wind was blow- big almost straight at rose showground it was but aHliuhtadvantagoto either had The game was con i It r ill) interfered with by the wind was being continually carried the hill out of bounds Our big the hut half the University) pinch a good time, and it was the opinion of main that victory would train their Honours the score standing at the end of half time--Unlicr.it), 1 poll is ill in b) Morris) and J bollinda, 1 lines, 1 goal (Kicked by India)) and 2. behinds but in the second half the I state. team chin and then Kiln Flour Mills were evidently) in the " pink of condition, pla) inga vastly butor mine, in the m.. one than in the first half the Universe tram on the contrary, appeared to bad condition, and the for li man had considerable (Ulli not. in keeping up with the hill The little. played a strong follow h g add a y, I forWard band which finally resulted in a decisive victory for their ninth h acres being it the teiniination--lJnivti it), _.c,o.laand 6 behinds Kitto. of Boucaut 10 st, he miss It was issued that the UnU_.rbtt\ rain would be front the words for action I rushed on them was not h) an. im.aii-f,ood and it has. had pi. ed together the-, would have had led a fur I enter account of herself for the Union it. lower I If. ed far and away the best one the others v sth) (f man turn were Angwin losses, Dilsh, Hogan and Thomson hall here came on Friday, Much, Within Rappiport, and Taylor pi. ed a ] prominent June During the interval at half-time Mr M Un mack one of the vice presidents of the 1 iron i Football Club with a. few remarks untuned the clubs to rig which has been made by some 1 Fitzroy) bullets and presented by them to the club BALLARAT IMPERIAL v. GEELONG On Sasaki a) afternoon thurst match. of the season on the Coila Cricket ground was played between the the t hill, In this presume (f full) 1,200 -spectators, St Ils wore a retains Thy is M I can for Clue on;, on I died Neilson for KUlnrut, but there was no advantage from wind, an 1 1 Ballarat kicked from south to north in the first half At the outfit the team appeared to be rapidly matches 1 to the bather was kept well in the centre, occasional rushes to each end helper and. the late! owner for the chairs] had to cut 1 in -s. for oiTeteda of) stubbornness funds to persistent attacks by) the Ballarat footballers, and nltliuin.li the hull w us twice sent behind their sticks it runs in pt williams) from the coveted opening.' the Geelong by) a (girl) good display) of work) Ink to one another prize I their oppom in gaol repeatedly in dinner but it was, half an hour before the would kick a goal which was a less evil) obtained h) tt held Good all round play., poiclderhiL' the hot weather, was cxhlUtid li) both of arms, and the ball was kept travelling from end to end the first half of the game being as follow h -Oh long, goal and behinds Ballarat Imperial by, 4 goal and behinds A splendid effort was made in the second half by the visitors from the kohl fields city . but their luck ranks were penetrated in the stars and their territory overrun II M I cm and Kulin-, in 1 Kicking goals in rapid succession with a spirited rush in which BOnm Jil lament was shown, Ballarat invade 1 their op) oriental portion of the ground C M Kenzie and It turns each 1 her big red., much to the astonish- most of the Geelong back players, and the game looked decidedly more even the pin. on both sided he came cycling and at times a little touch After a bill. Lillian pital c\ limitless of football, in with li each team by one behind-! the scene of the Mundi) battle was a unit nearly died in 1 Ballarat sent ron., I do but where 11 M'Liiui trials in keen fourth goal for the seaside pliers and the k"U-*e ende street mar, 4 goal and In behinds, Ballarat for trial at, it. an I 5 behinds Mr Coventry) acted call lentl) as central umpire Williamstown v Richmond 1 - This that. li, which was play) ed on the tt illiamsto.wi ground on Saturday resulted in a win for the local team In I goal and behinds During the first half the William town men, who had the wind in their favour I take 1 15 he handed to the Richmond h nil In the second half the visitors scored five behinds to at llliiunstown a 1 usual and b 1 ehtmlH the Hit lemon 1 played a spirited game throughout Mr L Hart proved a very efficient central umpire match between St Kilda and South "Yarra was played at St Kilda on Saturday and after an exciting game resulted d in a decisive victory) for the St. Kilda b) t boats and T behinds to 4 bt birds The following matches were also played on Saturday afternoon I Evansdale v Normanby, played at Grace-park, Hawthorn, and, after a very one- sided game, resulted in an easy win for the Evansdale by 5 goals and 14 behinds to nil. Maloney, W. Clarke, Kinder, Rand, Wood, Gardner, and Salamon played splendidly for the Evansdale. Southern Cross v Brighton -For the former 5 goals 12 behinds beat h ton, 1 goal 6 behinds Thelma, Taylor, Mattliuvti, Haines, and i art of play) ed well for the winners 1 here) Second v Kabihow - won by the former by 4 to fit a behinds to 4 behinds. The (rod He) is worn raisins Hari er, Gol Ring, and Colonial. built -Brunswick v Brunswick -The former " it is (within) 6 behinds the last r 2. goals (shannon) and 11 behind-. North 1 ink v Williamstown Juniors, resulted in a draw in favour of the Park, as he scored 10 behinds to their opponents 1 llnr»lorU-t died this, Tallant, Longstaff, M Hislop and L Colley pi ned well for the Park as did Curri. Gibb Elder, Hackett, 1 force, and Wahehe] s for the Juniors Hawksburn v Port rose, at Albert park, South Melbourne, after an u. biting cattle, resulted in a win for the Haw 1 shire h) 1 Lroal (kicked by) H Soutar) and 1) behinds to 6 behinds For the Hawkesbury, Maiden and Moorhouse placed Splendide), and were well Klip ported break to, Walker, Hill, and Hutton Marlton v Vaucluse Juniors -Mnilton, f coals 10 I u birds watering Juniors, v Koala 1 behinds South Melbourne Juniors v . Young Australians played at Albert] ark, thou Juniors obtaining 1 goal to nil Cullen to the pity of the Bulloo in the second d half becoming rough, and the decisions of the umpire being regarded as uusatlnf_,otor), tim captain of the Young Australians called his team off the field Malvern v. Essendon Juniors, - Drawn in favour of Malvern ; 7 behinds each. Malvern played 16 men only. Riversdale v. St. Kilda Royal Second.- Victory for former by 11 goals (W. Price 3, F. Price 2, Smullen 2, Taylor 2, Sumners 1, and Brown 1) and 15 behinds to 1 behind. Victory v Kew Excelsior.- Won by the former by 3 goals 13 behinds to 1 goal 8 behinds. BOWLING. The match between the Melbourne and North Fitz roy) clubs, in the second column for the federation Cup, was played on Saturday afternoon, on the 1 Fitzroy green, and resulted in a victory for the former by 14 points The following were the play ors and scores -Melbourne -2 1 Rink Crooke, Kegan, Hodgkiss, Unitt (captain), 19, No 2 Rink Widdicombe, Mai inn, Mailey, T' J Lewis (captain), ITS, No I Rink will, Sports, Macdonald, residence (captain) 21, No 4 Kink-Maln.-'mhllng,.Martin, A. Hunt (captain). 24 Total, 714 North Fitzroy he link lyons Newman Clarkson, Jessup (captain), 14, No 2Khik G Jeffries, Burford, could, Oroysou foapUlii) 2d No d Kink-Prontloo, Pizzo), baird, Dawson (captain) 19 No 4 lUnk*-!.axtor, M'Naughton, Jotlrics (entertain), 12. total, 69 The match between Fitzroy and Carlton, in con ne x. 15 6 with the Moss trophy), weane)d on Saturday on the West Melbourne ground, Fitzroy winning by four His following are the particulars - 1 It/) - No 1 Kink-Needham MM on, Lair Hunter 21, No 2 Rink Wore, Mills, Alexander, Nelson, 17 No a Kink-Lilla, Fawcett, Cooper, I Falconer to , No 4 Hal. Kidney, Inglestone, Stanford, Meakin, 24 Total, 71 Carlton -No 1 Kliik-liannon, Scott Martin, Kui vis, 19, No 2 Rink Rump Kerr, I Latham Ilonr)(17,No J ltluk-Mar on, hard tram, route IS s No 4 thinks there, Coj he v, Johnston, 1 Latest Id To al 07 The West Melbourne and Victoria clubs met on 5 at ride) on the bell on the green to play for Mr J Moss trophy, with the following result At rest Mel bourne No Rink- 14 foot, champion Kevin Sims (open a) 41, No 3 Rink Millar, I allot, Ila) ward, \toiittfuiiicrIt.(iaptitii) 16 No 4 Rink May Hardham Aitken, III) the (captain) 17 No of Kin) M Donald, Hood, an iron, Stedeford (captain) 25 Total, 101 Victoria No 2 Kink-Lihrell Gardiner, Currie Windsor (captain), 19 No d Rinks Elliott, Hill, Kundi, Muir (captain) it, No 4 Kink lindi. son Laurence., Gordon, Kittwlstlo (captain) 22 No 5 Rink Cock.s, Birtwistle, jun , Hughes Uambi I (captain) 17 Total, all Majority for W east Melbourne, in points ACROSS-, Uimcrait) v. Collingwood -These club, met on Saturday for the third, time this season The game was a very fast and exciting one, and at the call of time no (goals had been scored by either side the game thus ending in a draw for Collingwood. Messrs Batchelor, Cole I outer, and (attach played well while "overal of the new purchase the Univer- sity team dlsLlm,uIslie themselves, noUbl) Messrs Henry, Scott and Michie Melbourne J Reds v. South Melbourne - This match took place on saturday) in tho presence of a large number of he territory who took a mere interest in the match Both clubs were repr headed by) their strongest teams The Melbourne winning the toss threw with the wind and during the first half and a "oo I tell the best ( of it but the one 1 nut marnoo I to score When half time was i at I, the militia) other is ordered them on the ground and the) al ' Jonrmd to the Melbourne ground. The wind had now Larritt'- decreased and the play was more even at the time was called I no Delaware thrown and the Kansu- <-" It is a dea w The Reds best man wer Howell Keech 12 Fox Goldsmith and Norcott, and the South h the brothers Gordon, Milich, Davies Laver and H H Fenton South Yarra v last Melbourne - This match was played on b itur lay on the Ground of the former, an 1 resulted in a win for South "iam. The Last week rather hands up I by some of their members olHLiitint- themselves whilst the South had a full team For the winners I mean., a coming' player, Meares, an 1 M N cushions all new numbers, played very well For the East Bailhache in (goal. was ex taffetas stopping some shots in rare style Leeru an I Johnson also played well liulieiulaiifi v South Melbourne Second -This match was played at Royal put on Saturday and re quite t m a v acted) for the former by nine goals to nil for student) of the South Melbourne players for non iiLviotisl) take on a part in a club content, and in ten-mile s of the first civilians were several new men His Die goal throw a were M Har g (live) and I used (fair) For the winner-, M Henry Hamilton, 1 r per W inson, Pennon, 1 Hi., and Italy have played well, as did Angus Ivan, (two) Culliford, Homeland Billsborough for the losers 1 Fitzroy v Mo bounce Hues This match resulted in favour of Fitzroy) LAWN TENNIS A match he Lu Len the Richmond and the W audiences was played at Richmond on Saturday, n I inst with the following at ult -Miller and H Saunders (Wanderers) boat train and Campbell Hi games to li and Hi mill and Fuller Mr games to be Sewell and Stirling (to moderate) heat Keen di and I nth r 12 (ounces to 11 and White and Campbell In panels to li lotus Wan Here is, oU caines Richmond, 46 There match between in the Bohemians and Ormond College clubs in the competition for the associated (labor. troubles took place on Saturday at Toorak For the home affairs Messrs Du nef ord and to urge di heat Miss as Colquhoun and it Willamson h) 10 g area tor, and Messrs black and I like to h) 10 games to nil Messrs M Arthur and L Keleher beat Misses Colquhoun and Williamson h) 10 games to 4, and Messrs. Black and The Hu b) 10 (games to 3 The Bohemians thus won 10 u lines to 1 EWING M! KANTÏ per UK The drew for the Committee Pairs of the Mercantile Kow big Club, which time he rowed on the 30th hint on the Upper Yarra took place on Saturday afternoon, and result d as follow h -A Jacobs and Muirhead C Trood and Hackett G ( rag,, an I Woods W Robin son and -our, C CunnlmJum and Waugh Campbell an I Caldwell Mason and I S Brown, Watson auditing the trophies cons that of two handsome silver cups, which have to be won twice In order to e acquired and they have been won on one occasion b) Boyd and Mills on another b) Gregorson and Davis, and also by W Williams and "Brashaw all of whom will take part in the forthcoming contest. The third of the series for the trams and Purves trophies In connexion with the Richmond City) Now big Club was rowed on Saturday afternoon over the Richmond course Only) three crews competed in the li not beat Harrison (stroke), Hen ton, Sir, Douglas (north side) heat Jerrems (stroke) Mullaly, M All m, company), rather easily) Mitchell (stroke), Duncan, Carual), 1 vans, had the bye and rowed over the course in the final heat Mitchell b crew north side) beat Harrison a crew h) about three lengths 