A Ponderous Slipper. George hIas for so11 timnle h?en ttentive to a youug lady, whom lhe has noticed on several - veninoos when he called bo-dy en giged on a beautiful piece of embroldery, which, prhlips accidentally, or perhap, col paring it with thoe iz~e ot l ohwn foot, he had concluded was one of a pairof slippern that were, no doubt,, in'toude for a preent; and George lad onne or twice allowe-i him oelf to wander into a plesintl suaplcio.l that they were intended for him, although nothing hail really t-ranspired to justify Suc a betlief. Whin quietly soated near his auctmn're.-, w.ntchiog her taper tinger gracefuillty toyinr with the gosuwaer threads, and each novre ment adding a new beauty to the fabric, he had muore than once alloed hionelf to revrel in blimful ontemprlotioa of the pleaure hbe would feel at ha\\-iog his tiny feet eneao:d in the?e lovely ondals, and how, ou retiring to his room on cold wintor rvencuings, he could sit i front of t cheerful fire, and hol!d sweo t communion with those masterpieeso of art, retalising the while thot they were the pro duct of the one he adored a?tove all wordly thigs bI:?ides. George is not naturally poetical, bat somne thing about there slippers and their ansoci tions awakened a sentimental feeling in him, in spite of hi0s nturot iclinat.ion. Werll, oneor Friday evening Gorge called for the third time during the week. and an uouau the slipper was progressing rinely. It was held up for his inspection, and he pronouced it hoautiful, this bhing perhaps the thousaudth time he had expreosed the same sentiment. But some evil genius patit into poor George's head to be inquisitive. He was fully sure the slippers were in tended for him, but he wn-as anxious to drow the acknowledgement from the dear angel who was laboring so industriously for his benert, and he was not unwilling to draw in the same connection anothler implied an knowledgement of her devotion for rim. Of course he began cauotiously. "Someone you are very fond of is to te come the possessor of those slippers, I inm aguei' s~ld he. " What slippers do yoe refer to 1" inquirnet the fair laborer. "\Why. those you are working on so in dustriously," rephlied Georgo "'Sliplpers !" almost shoated hiusstoninhed companion. " Slippers ! Do you mean to tell me that you took this for a slipper?" " Why cot!" returned George, inadvler tently moving one of his ponderous pedal ap pendagew. Tis movement, though unintentional, drew the ladly's attention to George's feet, where she gaoed a moment, and then at the up posed slipper. Then, raising her eyes to our hero. he said " Well, George, you are not so much to blame, afcerall; but this was really intendel for a sofa cushion." Tie cab-horsediffieoltyis becomingserioas. List week a gentlemnan was taken ill in a cab, and before the cab horse could drag him to the noarcet hotel for brandy, he expirosl Now hotels in Australia are so close to eachl other that tihat horse could not have had far to drag the vehicltand its sick occupant ! Hlence we arrive at thle moral that "screws andt "corew drivers " militate iJalist the psblie welfare. Some remedy must be found for that cai-horso difliculty ! The foiloring beautiful verse is from a poem contoining 1-li equally intelligible and eonsequently exquisite stanasn, sent by a lady:- "' Eveu yet the immaenlate schism Glimmers on through thie nltimate damon, And thie scintillant life of the prism, Ere it falters nml fades and is gone, Ilarkens hence, wile tlhepnmrnl hereafte (With fever of glamorous pain) Is hushed by the ghost of low laughter To alnumber again. 