. ITEMS OF ' NEWS. , The Forest Creek Wattle Gully Co.- oloanod up yesterday. for 62 oz 5J dwt gold from 160 tons stone. The tribufers of the New Era had H oz l'dwt gold, ' The Garfield, Co. .'obtained li2 oz: from 480 tons. , . A bank.- and . public holiday liaB beeni gazettod for Maldon on; Wednesday next. .. " Mr ! G: W. Greorihill. "reports /'having sold: Castlemaine Gas Co.'a shares' at L2 !13sj Crown ; Nimrod G.M. .Op, .shares., at 9d, "/and/has inquir- ies/for .Forest Creek Wattle /Gully Co.'s shares at 8s Gd. '" . . - / , : ,.-:A- Bpecial meeting, of the -New Era Co. takes placo to-day-.for the- purposo of :resolving how trust Bh'aros are to be -disposed of. ' Tho,1' Imperial Review", for April is to hand, and contains a largo riu'riiber of s'ribjeots /of interest.' The typography is .creditably executed, by A,, M'Kinley arid/Co., of Melbourne.,,; , Some most beautifully executed photographs of the "Boss," Mr William Aberdeen, are being exhibited at Guildford, and the likeness is so striking that the old friends of that gentleman generally 'dodge' when they go by them. New Insolvent.— -.Michael M'Fadderi/of Tr'en- ; tharii, labourer. Causes of insolvency : Sickness in family and unremunerative employment. | Debts, L122 12s lid ; assets, L81 ; deficiency i L41 12s lid. Mr Adams, assignee. . - ; Mr C. H, Nicholson, P.M., after having been! lniil nn fiiw h fatp nraalro. tylirmirrli ininriaa Hai received through being thrown out of his buggy i between Pyalong and Kilmore, ' has- now sufficiently recovered to be able to resume his i duties in the Oastleinaine district on Monday. ! The entertainment that is to be given in tho 1 Theatre Royal next month by the Daiylesfordj Dramatic Olub promises to "be a successful one. j The proceeds, are to be devoted to the local charities, and the'Boro'ugh Council have as re-t quested " accorded their patronage to the per- formance. i The ; anniversary of the Bible' Christian Sabbath School will be held To-morrow/ The; sermon in the iriorning will : be- preached by Mr1. J. Hooper, of Eagleh'awk, arid in the: evening j by tho Rev;1 H. -Hpsken; In the afternoon! recitations arid singing- will be given by the: scholars. ' /; j The lock-up at Guildford, which has seen many removals, is now to undergo another expedition. In the present instance R. Hubble and Sons, the well-known Maryborough carriers, are the contractors, and with their modern appliances they intend to remove the structure bodily, and set it down intact on the new site near the railway station. The cartoon -in ''Punch " this week repre-l seats Mr Gladstone sitting meditatively in an; arm chair holding'";-'" the key of. India." Disraeli's ghost is standing at his/side'/ arid clenched in one of his hands' is a manuscript, : bearing the oft-repeated and aDoronriate ohrase.1 " Peace with' honour,' .whilst at ...tha,-! '/.grand old man's" feet are 'the words'/' Peace' at any) price." ' , The Mayor (Mr O'Donoboe) and Mr GreonhiU: attended af the Chewton Police Court yesterday. ! A female ' named Meyers was charged with - drunkenness, but iis she bad spent a night in: the lockup she -was discharged with 'a caution. 'J. Quirk, of. Sutton Grange, was /fined f2s 6d no costs, ' for- failing to- send his son, Thomas,' tb school the required number of .-'days 'during the quarter.-' ' / ; / ' "'/ -'/s .'.' ! The Guildford station lately has been the scene of a new industry, nothing less than the export of Chinese produce in the shape of vege tables. For a considerable time, 'Ah Sue, of the Five Mile Flat, Yapeen, has supplied the Smea- ton district with garden produce, and now he and some other of his nation, who utilise the fertile banks of the Loddon, are enabled to patronise the railway with their produce. A ball to celebrate the marriage of the Mayor of Malmsbury (Mr French), was given in the Town Hall in that Borough on Wednesday night, and passed off agreeably. There were about 50 couples, who danced to the new "See-saw" waltzes that were played by Messrs . A. Howson (piano), Lloyd (violin), and Treacy (cornet), of Castlemaine. The ballroom was prettily and profusely decorated with flowers and ever- greens. : Thu late fireibrigades' demonstration at Balk- rat has been a-financial success, and the Ballarat arid City brigades will be benefited to the ex-; tent of about L165 each. The receipts from all sources, inoluding the Licensed Victuallers, Cab-' men's Union, and other liberal doritions for. prizes have/been about L800, and after! expenses .have been paid. there will be (says the ' Courier') sometbing'like L330 profit. The largest outlay! was in -prizes and medals, and the cost of erect-! ing buildings at Russell-square. : The movoment of the troops, under General Sir Gerald Graham at .Suakira resulted in no-! thing more than a -reconnaissance 'en force.'; The British force advanced to Hrisheen when! they found that' the main body of tho rebels had evacuated the place. ; After Borne slight skir-j mishing with scattered bodies of Arabs the En- glish returned to camp. The semi-official organ1 of the Russian Government announces that Mr Gladstone's recent utterances in the House of; Commons have cleared:the way- for negotiations' of a pacific character on the Afghan question. " ' Our Guildford correspondent writes " Many, will learn with regret that Joseph Sylvia, known; as "Portuguese Joe,", is dead. He. died .-on1 the 12th inst. in the Daylesford. Hospital. after a short illness. , Sylvia: was one of the first resi-- dents of Strathloddon, .arid was well- known to all of the young generation from his good heart/ humour and fun. He was a natural born olown ; -could sing, dance/ mimic and pantomime to the' great delight of the little folks ; and his good: nature was immense. -- His death is like remov- ing an old- land-mark ; and sorrow is expressed! !6n ; all: sides; though he must have passed the; limit/assigned to 'human life by the Psalmist."! A Chinese bride that arrived by the afternoon train yesterday from Melbourne, dressed in bright colours and with a hat profusely decor- ated with flowers, was the cause of a sensation to her countrymen. Eight of them had formed themselves into a deputation to welcome the fair lady from the flowery land to the fragrant Chinese Camp at Campbells Creek, where her spouse, Hing Shunck, a storekeeper and publican intends to make her the happiest of women. With a parasol she hid her blushes at the station, and when in the cab she had the blinds drawn down to cut off the gaze of the inquisitive, pry- ing barbarian. She may be the forerunner of many of her sex who will do well in making an exchange of their country for Victoria. A cricket match will be played this afternoon at Wattle Fiat between a team chosen from the M. A. Mail offico and tho Leader. Tho fol lowing will represent tho Mail : — T. Costello, T. Gay, R. Hoult, T. Koays, J. Martin, W. Mnserove, R. Miles, W. M'Gregor, C. Price, J. Williams, A. Williamson. — The following will represent the Harcourt U.C.C. v. the Barkers Creek 0.0. to-day . at Harcourt : — Symes (2)", Gartsi'de (2), Pritohard, Harris, A.' Vick, Rodway, fJ. Viok, James, Milford, Emergency — J. Viok. — Tho following will re present the Grammar School O. .against the Cainp ; Hill to-day on tho Camp Reserve Amos, Cornish, Dolphin, Lavor, P. M'Grath, G, Newman, Sutton, Summerland, Thompson, Wilson, Zercho. Reserve — Roado. < v The committee of the Mount Aloxander Agti cultural Sooiety held a meeting in the Meohanios Institute last night. Mr W. Gaulton pre sided, and Messrs E. D. Williams, Newman, and the Secretary were also present. Correspon dence was received from the private secretary to the Premier, stating that Mr Service had ex pressed his willingnoss to again be the President of the Sooiety. From the Department of Agri culture, stating that tho name of the Sooiety would he altered to that of the Mprint Alexan der Agricultural Society. In connection witji the forthcoming ploughing match, Mr Williams moved, and Mr Newman seconded, that Messrs Bogie, Mackie, Hamilton, and Woodman be appointed a sub-ooramittee to prepare a Pr'z®- list, and carry out other preliminaries; Mr/J. Taylor, the herdsman, was deputed - to sell tickets for the match at the same commission. Arrangements wore made in reference to cauvas- sing the district for subscriptions, &c.;, towards the'match, but it is to be rcgetted there was riot a larger attendance of members/. ' . . . . .'/ "/ The outside loaves of cabbages are greedily eaten by cows ; but with, however, a bad -effect on the milk, unless care is takon to feed just after milking.' . Given thus/ the bad flavour goes off before the cow is milked again. /. ; One of the most remarkable yields pf honey i ever heard of was recently garnered; by 0. H/: Pavks from- his /apiary near. Riverside, ; Oal. 1 Tho yield for ; tho Beason.. from thirty/three hivea, was 7i toris/ ari avorage of 4141b to the! hivo.f'"/;: :'/'/;!/. " " j The prisoner, Joliiv/'Messengor, - wbo-is nc-j cused of the murder of a ivoinau riamed" John-, son at Ballarat,' was put upon his trial at; the Police Court thoro yestorday; Superintendent ; Ryall is conducting the case for the prpaecution, and Mr Gaunt js defending the prisoner. The youthful " wrifidenee/qheqrie/tn. re- cently performed in Molbourne is being repeated in Ballarat, and tradespeople should be oh .'their! guard, says the ' Courier.! Within the last": day i or two, a young man, appareutly about eighteen ! veara of age,' has successfully negotiated1 a L2 " pay to bearer,": on Mr Lyle; . the/well-known: tailor, "-of Sturt-street, and another on-Mr. Rior- dan, the genial landlord of the Royal George; Hotel, Lydiard-street. - The latest .information is that " the police are on- the alert. but,-' con-; riidering that the public have never heard of any! work done by the detective or plain-clothes ; police Since the murderous aasaultpn Mr Hylarid, : notwithstaridirig tho; number 'of " reported " crimes: it would appear that the Ballarat district is defioierit. in aid pf the proper .description -in; ferreting out" criminals. Hence the. open field; for fraudulent operatives. /' " /: /- / / .The following sentences were passed by Judge; Cope at the Melbourne Criminal Sessions yes-: torday' : — John Doyle, ! tried for. horsestealing, was sentenced. to two years' imprisonment, the first week of every third month to be spent, in solitary eorifihement. Robert Thornton, found guilty of robbery from the person, was sentenced; to two years' .hard labour, the first week 1 in! every third month in solitary confinement. "VVil-j liam Johnson,' Daniol-Murphy/ and Henry John-, son, oonvicted of robbery in company. William; Johnson, who has been 'previously convicted,; called on God to witness that he was innocent j of the charge of which the jury had found him ; guilty. He was sentenced to three years' hard | labour; aud Henry Johnson to twP years/ eaphi tospend-the first week in solitary confinement, ; the latter sentence to be cumulative on th'eone he is now-.undorgoing: Murphy, who had pre-. viuufiiy uuiue ii i. |uuu .uuuLuuusif was aoijiiuiiuouj to six months' hard labour: the first and -last week in solitary confinement.'/ John Smith, "con- j victed of receiving; was sentenced'- to 12 months'! hard labour, the first; week in -every third month in soiitary 'confinement.'' Alfred Hard, found guilty of unlawfully wounding, received; a sentence of two! years' baird labour 1 the ' first: week in every third inonth to be solitary confine- j irient;/ Thomas Naughton and Mary MG.regorj were t'riod. 'for robbery in compririy//The' fpf-i riier was found guilty.'; 'He' wasseritenced ' to ;twb : yeirs' hard labaur; the first week in oviery!. third! month , iri solitary, confinement. The . female1 prisoner, who was, found - guilty of , receiving, j was. sentenced to 12 calender, months! : imprison-; Ori 'Thursday night 'the' watchman ori 'thei tower- of/'the'1 ' Fire Insurance ; Brigade station! (says the ' Arguri'),' discovered a fire ! iri; Willim-j street. 1 Tlie brigade was quickly on the' spot,) and it was found that, tlie large . bluestone store belonging to 'Messrs Kellott rind ; Co;, / wholesale; grocers arid -wine and spirit merchants, was on! fire in the upper part of- the" building. Nearly! all the; principal ' suburban/ bfigadeaJfoljoVe'd,! 'arid a large .quantity of water, .was.'throwri- into the building, but owing to the number of hoses used .the pressure of the, Yan Yean was- so re-; duced that/the'ripper part of/the: building "could- only bp reached from the roof of Menzies'. Hotel,1 wiiich 'is next.: door s to; the/store. The fire' spread to the roof pf the hptel, and considerable! damage to the' furniture ' of /the bedrooms was; occaaioned by tho wator/" After' some' two or three, hours'; hard . work- ori the .part 'of lthe' fire-i men present, the lire was subdued; ..Nearly the tvhole of the large stook of goods in the building is destroyed, with the exception, perhaps, of those on the basement floors, which have not; suffered- so severely. Mr Kellett, who resides at Kew, states that the total value of the goods! in the store amounted to L12,000 ; that lie wasj insured -in 9 or /- !10 differont companies, but! could .not' state- the exact amount, believing,! however, .that the amount would cover the Iosb. j Mr Upland, -Sauford, the ohief, owner and: builder of the.paliforniri.end of the Pacifio roads, : has , just . beeri elected to. , the Senate of the! .United S.tateB from that state. He is: a curious1 character.' He iB enormously rich, and is re-! puted to have won his wealth in devious ways.: ' Last year he lost his only son, a boy of some 17, in Europe. 1 The lad's body was brought to the States, and taken across the continent on a special train. At nearly every large city en route spocial funeral services of the "moBt ela borate character were held. The Rev. John P. Newman, a windy and howling Methodist par son, who gained notoriety as tho pastor and favourite of Presidont Grant, was employed/at a compensation, it is reported, of 10,000dol., to go with the mourning party and to deliver an ;eulogium on the dead child, whioh he did in a fulsome and almost blasphemous fashion, not hesitating to comparo him to Ohrist, and to pre-. diet that his memory would be held in reverence centuries hence. The bereaved father has just made a will, in which, in tlie name of his son, he bequeaths his fortune of 16,000, OOOdrii. to the State of California, 3,000,000dol. to bo used in paying the debt of the state, and the rest in founding and extending free schools.: A mooting of tho Goograpliical Society of Aus tralasia was hold at Sydney on Thursday. , Mr Stockdale, the explorer, read an interesting paper on his explorations in the northern por tion of Western Australia, known as the Kim- berloy district, north of the Leopold Ranges, tho principal mountain ranges whioh lie near Cambridge Gulf ho had called tho Martin Ranges after the Ohief JuBtico of New South Wales. He spoke in glowing terms of tho capabilities of Cambridge Gulf, and considered the harbour to bo almost perfect, because of its being so well sheltered. Ho considered that tho country has a splendid futuro before it, and should eventu ally become a great pastoral district, on account of tho prevalence of grass arid wator. Tho natives weredoseribedasbeingtolerably peaceable, well made, and somowbat different in colour to those of other colonies. Tho weather, taken as a whole, was vory fine, and Mr Stookdalo did not ; thipk that -it was nearly as hot as it is in. Wilcannia or Bourko. Tho spoaker concluded his paper by paying an eloquent tribute of praise to the late'Mr M'llree, . a member of the ex ploring party, who died a few days before last Christmas. Thooontrnot for tho supply of 1,500 telegraph poles, to he used ou the railway lino between Castlemaine and Eohuca, has been lot to Mr: T. Hanks, of Eohuca. The diamond drill at Laanoooorie has bot tomed, a third bore at a depth of 130ft in 3ft or '4ft of fino ooarse wash. A false bottom was met with about 10ft from tho surface, and tho greater- part of the borings through black clay. The action Gibba v. the Cpmmi8aioner of Railways of '"Queensland, claiming L10.000 for an injury in a collision on the South-western railway, at Darra, has been concluded, a verdict being given for L3466. , A man riamed Miohael O'Connell was found dead in an outbuilding in the yard of the Cale donian-Hotel at Warrnambool on Thursday. A magisterial inquiry was held when it was found that death was the result of inflammation :of tho lung's, and kidneys, brought on by drink. 'During the heavy . gale at Alexandria on Thursday morning the Roman Catholic Church, :situated;on the hill was blown down and scat tered, in every .conceivable direction. Fortuna- .tqly, the building - was on an isolated spot, or otherwise something more serious might ihave happened. ; The Legislative Council of. New South Wales, lias confirmed the action taken by the Qovern"i ment iri sending the .contingent to the Soudan. ; "Wheri the amendriierit against' 17'as put- 'only; one inemhor voted for it, all the rest of the House agreeing with , what tlie 'GoyiimenA.hadj done.1' :;:. :v . It may :be said that nothing iri Colonel Burna-: by's life was so'oharactoristio:as his laBt act in it. He slew the man who killed, him, arid when his body was found his - hand still grasped , the; Native's throat.' The/grim deterinination thus revealed shows in a' mournfully impressive light tho'riature of tlie man who alone took the ride to; Khiva. , . A -daring attempt was made on Thursday, ; night to burn dowu : the shop of a man' named ; Meyer,- living iu Nolan-Btreet, Maryborough, but: although the flames gained a good hold, a timely warning was given, and the fire was put out. 1 Soirieone-had heaped 'up a quantity of rubbish: fton-iriat tlift airle nf the . hnuaa and deliberately 1 set it/alight. : ; Advices from Silverton report. that typhoid iB very prevalent, that several deaths have oc-! curred,;and that the hospital is full of patients.; Dr Browne states that the outbreak is : typhoid ! in its most viruhmt form, and he ascribes it ! partly to /an insufficient supply of good '.water, ; but chiefly, to 'detective sanitary arrangements at the diggings; Instructions have been given to the coast light- house-keeper to"m.ost "carefully observe all "ships arriving .from the west. They, are .to, telegraph ; by day arid by'riight all ships that pass the Nel- son' -Prompntpry, arict. particularly ships.:, that ! look like warships.;. If any ship passes; and re- : fuses/to givo -her name oil being! Challenged, ai full.description of her is to. be';iriimediately :sent to the Government. ' ' :: " The commissiorier ?6f police at- Brisbane- on Thursday!! received information of the1 arrival of two French escapees at' Mabkay/ ' They were brought to that po'rt'by Ch'rirles Smith,1 lessee of No 2/Percy,- Island,- who reports:.that:ithq'.two men, whose names were' given as Dyori Charian- son aud-Franeis naked last Sunday night, and by signs gavo him to understand-that they were/ the survivors' of a parly of- four Frenchmen;; who-r escaped ifroni New. Caledonia. /They /had lost their /boat' and two:' comrades : when landing ori' tho south-east side of the island 'Smith clothed and' fed' /and VirnnoTiK'ftionv #»n "T+.rt ; Nf nftlrftV;- '-'Anil ' f-.tifin'- bnvfl them ' iri 1 charge; of the/ police, " - They /were brought before tho . Bench / on ; 'a', charge of vagrancy, and remriridod. 1 A; severe:, epidemic,- of diphtheria exists ;at Malmsbury. Tho health offioer, in company with the town olerk,, made - an' inspection on Thursday morning of the sanatory state of the 'borough, in the very ' heart of which a' main/open drain" was found in a very filthy condition.- ' The immediate cleansing rind deodorising of this/was ordered to be carried out by the local board at the expense of the several pepuiers of, the /pre mises' through which it runs. , -In/ope place, whore tlie disease' had proved fatal, "five" children .with; their i parents 'were - found,', occupying two very small rooms in a very dirty ritate. The .isolation of these children: was deemed advisable. The- health' officer also recommended theiclosing of the State school, rand the .Education depart ment has been wired," to requesting "this'to be done. - The " Farmer; arid Planter" (Queensland), states that/for a long time 'the/wheat growers of that colony have looked up' on 5s! per bushel as the minimum . price'/ at which " wheat growing, would pay. ; Even ,w 1th . this stimulus they ' have not produced : more than a third of the wheat required for home oonsumption. It warns -the farmers that the days pf such prices are past, arid avers that the Indian wheat can be profitably : produced at ninepence a bushel; If this, statement concerning India be correct! then more people want the warning than those who grow-wheat on the River Darling, and we there fore do our share in giving it publicity in the .iritereBta of our own farmers. Wheat at riirie- l pence per bushel. from/India would certainly drive farmers of every other, couetry into bankruptcy or to pursue some otborforin of in dustry. ; ' : ,.. ; / 