THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND AND THt ITS WORK. A meeting of the congregation of Christ r.„.,b Beechwerth, was convened for M-ndny evening, 20:h inst., in the Sun- jUhool room, :o hear an address by, u . Yen. ArcbJeacon Stretch on the snb- -r of tbe work Dnnguone oymeunurcn ' 5 En nland in Victoria. From some ' „ or another best known to them- \- Ires member? of the congregation did : 'c dVBplay much iuterest in the matter, after waitinc for some little time the , j „„„„ fnrm J that his audience com- S-fd four ladies aDd three gentlemen. The Rev G. F. Cross presided; and not- itbstanding tbe coldness of his recep- nrar than one. as tbe task I ; kiDg to rows of empty chairs and Vf-che? in a fire--ss aud dimiy Ji-hted otn must have been anything but al 'ucm1 one— the archdeacon decided to ' j the meetinc. which wae with pr >ytr. The Rev. G. F. CROSS regretted that .- sre were so few present, and remarked th,' me of the causes of members of j -v church absenting themselves was per- nffjng ti his having annonncea mat Tri object of the meeting was to hear an !jd.HS«on the Bishop of Melbourne's r3nd and that they therefore considered the plate would go grouud. He ex- .aic-dthatbehadin making thatannonne- 1 3t,flleniutn an error; as tbe subjectof j wl"rchdeacon's address was the work of rlmrcb in the past and at the pre- tiaJe, and what it hoped to do m the " tI. Yen. Archdeacon STRETCH r :.,i that 1)9 bad asked Air Cross to (bp mee'.iug, to enable him to give srm? details which he did not desire to I j;Te tram the pnlpit, as he did not -"'1. flint the oroner place from vr'-irl! to snpplv statistical facte as to church work. All would «greo upon cr!„ the cbnrch was tuking j 'r< Ereat ba'tle of Christ against Sktw. of risbteousnei-s againsi sin, ana of truth against error ; and she had hr j victories now. and would have them in -v, J- ;Iure> Tbe work of revelation of t'p rt-'hteRnsness of Jesus Christ to ti;.---p who wonl-i receive it was going on, ecJ wonld cnntuine to go on. The I K:.-e--e3 of tbe minitrv ware real, and the snccpeses of Chrisrian men not in 11= ministry were real also. Religions I k:-, h» pointed nut, were, in the expori- tnre of God's people, a? much matterB o; irnniry — and matters of profound i:niry — as were Hip facts of science. b an instance of tbe j-md that could be dor- by individual effort, tbe speaker I Etrtbned tbe case of a servant-girl, who 1 vi? -.n earnest Christian, being the canse /)? rKa crflnfTolitofirtn tt tvhnlfl famtlv. Hr also relates how on a certain Sunday, Ivfcta on a journey to Sydney hy one of tie reamers, he was asked to hold firm- on board, and at its conclusion i sin came to him and s'ated that be hi ver attended Divine worship k'ore for pixteen years, and in listening to him (the preacher" that day hehad f-lt fepow and efficacy of prayer. A lady "e :hp Rokewood district had been led i fc'tke np the work of a " girls' friendly | Ui ety'' (for which the Rer. G. F. Cross j t::-i to do something in his parish) ; j ' '-touch she lived in an out-of-the-way j /-w. being distant ten miles from a towr.ihip, within the Fpace of two months the hd gathered together 100 members E",nnw there were snmethinT like 150. I T'nng men's society, on - a-ilar line0, ai-o krmed ; and now there was»a ttii, conn3 revival of religion, on Church e'Eorland principles, in that, district, fesihthe instrumentality of one per- 1 Etc A greet deal had also been done in th?m,iUer of civing religious instruction jf' Male- school buildings, by laymen and .omen. As an illustration of tho ig- I.rsnce of scriptural subjects displayed -b'.ldren in the bush an anecdote was ftb-ti-d of a boy who, on beinj? asked if «knew anything abont Lot, said he n»« but on feeing asked what waK bo Abraham, he replied, fl tear" — he knew lots, bnt knew no- fl "bout Abraham. Ont of the Bishop I -blbonrne's Fnnd 115 grants were ksk last year in aid of the payment I Jkt'rends of clergymen in arrears, and I amount epent in 1884 was I jWO in excess of the previous year. I ® vonlribution towards the fund, Sir I J. Clarke had a short time ago depo- ' a a cheque for .£500 on the counter I " J'16. d'oce?ian repistry, and another I J® a friend of the cbnrch had instructed (rfgistrar to fill nut a cheque for 100 I P!i1ess towards the name object. He fl ((-a aiebdeacon) in the course of bis fl rs ts nj the eounlry had asked a elergy- I wbat was being done in his district, fl informed that the work of the fl ' 'rtb bad doubled since be had taken fl ')T"5! 'here being not a corner of tbo | , where a service had not been I bim. The Church of England I ."' be believed, eH'ahliahed on a sure I j''tion, and its ministers were work- I f,rnestly nnd zealously in the promo- I '-'ri Chriftinn knowledge among the '-Fie 01 The colony. Among several m- I 'be miseionary work done in I j-" p n" d'ruiets jt was mentioned that I u' p.T' frR'ndley, who was stationed in I » ' 'Ppsland district, had told how, at Ctr.ir- I. . , , . ... | , "" nan neen called upon to set- I dispute which had arisen on a Sun- fl 6Tnoi,B some of the residents there I /'"tbeday of the week — some eont®nd- fl . ? 'bj't 't was Patnrday, while others fl &tllwas; Sunday. Tbsowho cou- I bhat it was Saturday were at fl j. hich those who maintained that I Snndav were engaged in washing I plaving poker. Mr Hindley I »tt service, which wa« fl DdrH |)f a nnmliaw «wL a a f4-/.»inn.l a fl back to their game of pnkr-r. On | 'ds mentioning the fact, he was ' ©a j "e men tbwr fl bear him, and when he said fl 'bey bad, ho was told that, there ®EB0mR>,n«. t 11 __1- t I fi a — "«i'o rer inera, wDion wna eon- I by vnhaequent. events. Readers I 0D®®:tcd with the cbnrch were doing I j' s.r'n p6ver 1 place?, in holding I y e,rviceH nnd in honse-to-hotise visi- I /:_ an"' Pom'-times they gavo to I ' ' » -Mn bbeir first lessons in reading. fl i n"Rnd r-'liojon. long nfter, nnfor- I Th v' ,lle? bad learnt to- blnspfcemc. fl JO d f do as much riding as ed I Ho Ptock-rider, nnd to bear many I TH 9 lp?' 'n 'e C0ar38 'heir duties. I 8 "Pcriier read prrtions of a letter -1Tfcd frotn a minister, who was work- ing energetically and successfully in an outlying district. Another clergyman, who had bniit three churches and a parsonage in hie district, wus always ready to ask fcr a subscription, and at a public meeting at which he (the speaker) was present he announced thai he was to give a certain sum ; and he had to I give it. He (the archdeacon), however, " had it out of him" before the meeting was over: He related au anecdote which appeared in the " Reccrd" (an English religions newspaper), of how .» cit-rgymaii I was put to sleep in a room of a g -utle- ujbu e nouse wuicn was supposea to u« haunt d, and on the third morning he was asked if he had seen the ghost. He replied that he had, and had asked it I - ... a 3 1 1 I 1U1 n OUUHCXipUUU ll> IUB ouuuuy-scuuoi picnic, whereupon it liRd vanished im mediately. " This gentleman," the arch deacon informed themeeting, " wonld lay all the ghoi-ts in the parish, by asking i mem ior snoKcnpcions. Anrttier m«- I terial aid to tee work of tho church was I the Parochial Church Mission, which I waB subsidised by amounts raised by sub scriptions through the instrumentality of the clergy, and by its means great good was accempli-hed in country districts. The work of the diocese was a living one — not like a stagnant pool, but more like rnnning waters, full of the life of Christ. On tbe last Sunday after Trinity the an- ?ual collections in aid of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund wouldbemade, and he hoped that) a spirit of liberality would be abroad on that day, aud that, as a pa rish, Beechworth would do something for that good cause. He had the other day HfiAll lonl tn/f n 4 itva Virvrl-- nf dlivlcf Church, and was glad to fiud that tho col lections were improving ; bnt he was of opinion they could be still further im proved, judging from the congregations! assemoiea on roe previous nnuauy Mr WARREN, in proposing a vo'e of thanks to the archdeacon, regretted the apathy evinced by the congregation on that occasion, but expressed pleasure at listening to tbo address, aud hoped teut on his next visit the venerable gentleman would meet with a warmer reception. | The Rev. G. F. CROSS seconded the proposilion, aud observed that tho cheer ing remarks of the archdeacon went to disprove the statement that th-' work of the chnrch aud ol Christ was f-iiling. The motion was carried, and tho arch deacon having briefly replied, the pro nouncing of the Benediction closed the meeting. 