iTe Curate and His Cure. Mr. Drake, B;A.,; s a curat3 of the &eepeet; dye. He h1`l not so much principle as a bankrupt, and he came to Cooklebourne with the express purpose of marrying th. richest and least objectionable of his con gregatiofi The difficulties before him were few., In personal appearance he was so simple and sweet that even his rector, the Rev:.'. Trump,. thought him a fool; what more could a girl of:five:and-forty desire ? It was not a- question' which of the spinsters of Cocklebourne he should nmarry, but which of the tempting creatures he should.reject. They followed him whither soever he went in sixes and sevens. They made him sufficient slippers to stock a waro house; and they. wrote letters to him marked "privat,"'.contsining the burning thoughts they dared not utter in the prc Eence of their dear friends. Each letter was tintamount to an olferof mrriage ; but their claims were so equal that he could not decide, and he replied to all letters with touching but ambiguous texts. He thought it'best to wait awhile.. . SJt wa in Septembe .that there' ann., in Gecklebourne.a str-."-a-.-iau W1ui a c laei beaird' iid'. .(i l-.inay-care eye-and r he took the nolitary nutuobn the cliff, which I lon ago had belonged to a smuggler. He ,nubbed the inquisitive tradesmen of whom he bought his eatables and drinkables. He v ordered bacon by the side, beer by the r barrel, and whisky by the largest of stone bottles. He lived quite alone. No one knew anything alout him, except that he h laughed aloud when he passed Mr. Drake, B.A., with two spinsters on his right and h three on his left. The ladies declared, one and all, that he was a -bold, had man, and they dared not go near the house upon the f cliff. But sinners being so few, they could p not but feel interested in this man with the black beard and dark eyes, and when one Sunday he did not appear at church, they a waited upon the rector andEbegged him to u bring the sinner to repentance. * The Rev. Dr. Trnmp, hatqng sinners and walking in equal degrees, said he would send his curate to persuade the strange man.. At this time Mr. Drake, B.A, was suffer. ing somewhat from excessive bile, for his most active exercise was wool- winding, and the ladies buttered his toast on both sides and the edges. He had not enjoyed half an hour's freedom since he first arrive I at Cocklebourne.: His bowels yearned towards a quiet pipe, beer from the barrel, and I whisky from the stone bottle. It was there- ' fore w-ith joy that could scarcely be masked I that he received his orders to visit the sinner on the cliff. That last evening he was ever to spend in his lodgings at Cocklebourne he passed in preparation for the morrow. "He looked up tbe old pipe he had brought with him but never smoked, the pouch of dry bird's eye, pipelights, and a French novel. These he'stuffediitotf:fe pockets of his alpaca coat,. and coverednup decently with soothing tracts. In the" morning he rose gaily, and when he had parted- with his flock at the foot of the hill-b-eyond which point their fears would not permit them to venture-he ascended the steep path like a cherub climbing a cloud. .. A walk of two miles was before him, but he did not hurry himself when the weather. cock on his church steeple was out of sight. He stopped, took off his banjs, bared his shirtfrcat to the breeze, and thanked hiaven.__Thenihe threw himself on. the thymey grass and tasted liberty: He smoked three pipes one after the other. He read two chapter. of the novel- skipping the dry parti; :hen he lay on his back, tilted his clerical hat over his eyes, and slept for two blessed hours. Wikiug athirst, ie thought kindly of the sinner who keptfhis beer in a barrel. and iis whiosky in stone bottles.. So he pulled himself ii: to evangelical shape dnd stepped out briekly for the-siiunera haunti: But, al:is ! the cottjge door w*a locked, ina nothing vas to be Eeen of the man with the black bliard, save his barrel, and bottles is the most inaccessible of pantries. Forced to await his return, M3r. DVake, B.A., sat himself down on the cliff and set himself for the hundredth time to solve the matrimonial problem which vexed his epirit. ie broughtouitthe bundle of letters sent him by those loving spinsters, and as the contents were unsatisfactory to read, he resolred to form'a comparative estimateof each writer by a speedier method. He was aoleiably skilful with a pencil, and on the back of each letter he drew a portrait of its sender. The spinsters were beyond flattery, so he caricatured them to see which certainly was most open toridicule. In this amusing employment the time would have passed pleasantly enough but for his increasing dryness. There swas no water to be had, and the poor young chrate's mouth seemed to be lined with brown- paper when he pressed his tongue round it. Sud denlyit came todhis mind that a dipin the sea would refresh his body, and abate his thirt. Except in a foot- bath, lie had not batied during the term of his curacy-how :ouald he, when there was neither a bathing machine nor seclusion ? The tide was at ebb, and a long stretch of sand lay between the cliff and the sea, but near the water's edge stood a huge rock, and thither Mr. Drake, B.A., betook himself. On the cliff side was a little ledge, dried by the sun, and on that the curate laid his clothes neatly. Then with a.smile irradiating his sweet face, he slapped his thin legs and ran down into the breaking waves. Oh, the joy of bobbing up ,nd down ! Si Iwas while turning head over heels he m, caught eight of that which instantly sobered ki him-a petticoat 1 One, two, three, oe counted, each with a wearer-six--eight- y -~.n-.? th? he w ls ked under:the---- he One Shilling'is enoug'well he "knew that .hy 1V hare merely to sign y for him- anxiety for is. -it address and occupati ny his long-absence, beiueg a ire you a lPass-their dread of the mar with di receipt that youarl. What was he to do! How p yon cannot goace them--low avoid ? Friend can oPSd thoogt to dry himseli like' a .ny dq s, the sun ; that was now imposible, ingle, 11?,l inipractirble was it to clothe himself h t. lBefore he could drag a sock on, Ihe t ,h'ould be seen, for there was io ledge upon 'tthei seasward side of the rockt. his c'eothes were 0 on the exposed side, and the incoming tide already s?ashed the base of the rocl. He could only wait behind the rook until the ladies retired. He lay in the water, and watched the noxiou3 searchers through a chilnk. They ex amined the closed cottage, and then de ecendedl to the rocks below. It was only natural to conclude that their beloved curate was murdered. He .had been absent four honre,and no0v, as tIey poked tleir sunshales amongthe seareed, it was in expedtatioa of fioding his corpse. Mr.Drake, iB A., was fervently thankful thas the rising tide kept them from his reck. But he isined they woulld go for thie cramp had him by the leg, end the water continued to rise. s Hour after hour pa?sed, yet still thgea ladies }carchcd the spot with unflagging zeal Anl tle cram'p grew worse and worse, and the poor curate cried like a child when ahe found Iris fles assnuming the tint of an un boilded lobster. The sun was setting, when a scream diverted his attention from his bodily u oigl, and pruttinehis eye to the chink, he olurick prcly eived the cause. His hat was hobbing gaily on the waves, and, followed by his coat ad the rest of the habiliments, it bobbed towards the sands. At the risk of her life a spinster hooked it out with her sun. hade, tllhen another pulled out his coat, aod a third his b--, and so on until all his clothes were sased. o He sa:o the' go straight for his pockets, for each One of those ladies knew he had a compromisiog letter of hers to be hidden Itrom inquisitive and jealous friends. \Vith groans Mr. Drake, B.A., beheld his pipe and tobacco brought forth amidst cries of astonishment, then the French novel, and then the letters. He could watch their disa corsrios no further, and bowing his head he c beat it with Ihis fist-partly in deapair, partly[ to promoto circulation of the blood. y cot tge ashelalie .ar h e to the mains they could find of t err trt. leaving the vicinity. He lived by painting pictures did this sinner with the black beard ; nevertheless he had some good qualities, and when, half-an-hour later, a study in the nude presented itself in the person of Mr. Drake at his door, craving to be taken in out of the night wind, he asked no questions until lhe had wrapped the outcast in warm blankets, and filled him with strong liquors, and made him generally comfortable. Is. Drake, B.A.. never returned to his flock, never married a spinster. His disap pearance was not deeply enquired into. Some people preferred to think him dead and sainted. He was supposed to be drowned, and his ghost was said to be visible at times upon the cliff- generally with a pipe in its mouth. And: as his costume was that of the black man who was habitually seen by his side, it was further supposed that he had in that first visit to the cottage on thecliffsold him self to the D-. 