MALDON SQUIBS. BY FOSSIL MULDOOS. Could not write before; have liai, and still have 1 got a severe bilious attack, brought on at the ^nd of last month through being summoned to appear in the sweating room at the Vic. (half-yearly balancing day). I used to*urn the scale at twelve stone, but I believe the bamboozling done megood, with atimy suffering, as all my superfluous fat is fone, and the six stone that is left of me is tHe real bone and sinew. There are several <bout Maldon that would profit greatly »«re they to go through the same ordeal ; you see they have the sugar, and as sugar lias the tendency to create the saccharine matter—Hence those portly fellow-creatures. H»w different n«.w are these bank managers to what they were years ago. At tliat time they were aivful cruel and barbarous. I have known a pal of mine (dear boy) robust and strong, and weighed over fifteen stone before the sweating process came off, aud ill an hour afterwards he became that thin that it took two policemen to see him at the same time. Worse again I knew a chap that got so reduced tliat he vanished altogether; there was a rumour, only a rumour, that his shadow was seen in the then salubrious climate of Callao. It is not generally known, except to the next door neighbours and residents within two miles of his house, that an ex-military man in this town is learning to play the '' Battle of Boyne " or some other tune, on the drum. I have drawn attention to this, as many people, during these rehearsals. were under the impression a tinkettling was taking place, and were not aware that the noise was intended (on the principal adopted by savage tribes) to scire away evil spirits, the musician having at one time been seriously troubled by a ghost. I read Civis's epistle in your last issue. Water seems to be his block plan, mine being the reverse, as I liko that element best, when it's adulterated with whisky : that accounts perhaps of my tliiiiking the subject rather watery ; and if Civis lias not got water on the brain, well then he ought to have. The councillors have just discovered tliat they have in Jock Campbell one of the most wonderful civil engineers tliat the shire lias ever seen. His surveys of some of the roads in the WaUner division are a pattern to all aspiring surveyors, at least someoftheWalmeriusmbersseem to think so. Jock reported to tlie Council that he had lately discovered a road in the Walmer division that was all water, but it was sug •jested tliat in all probability there was mud as well as water. We shall yet see the councillors from this riding arriving in their boats when on a visit to the council chambers. Sporting matters are looking up, and I hear that a good day's shooting can now be had at Muckleford, two of our shootists being recently successful in bagging three sparrows, which were not shot all at once, but one at a time. The birds being heavy they were subsequently forwarded to Maldon by goods train. 1 am afraid, sir. your paragraph respecting the missing sli«>e will have the effect of thinning our coining church services, as it is not everyone will care to wear two pairs of boots at once (on the clianceof one being lost); and there seems no other way of escaping diy shod. A plan that has been suggested of each peraon carrying fla^s to mark the position of any possible loss with a view to a search the next day is open to grave objections. It would be wise for one of the new aspirants for Shire Council honours to at once express his opinion ou these matters, as the present state of tlie roads seems to entirely favour his business. The fencing ill of the old reservoir with a close fence will soon be an accomplished fact, and the Exhibition whim-horse will require to be watered elsewhere. The fishiug season is rapidly approaching, and licences should again be issued by the Council, as with a close fence around the reservoir the fish would not have the same opportunities of escaping. Some of the local disciples of Izaak Walton compare their late efforts to tlie discovery of gold in New Guinea, although the latter ap pears to be the more "fishy" experience of the two. Wanted—two good useful boys, with good address, clean noses, and plenty of cheek ; apply at an early date to the Slaldon Shire chambers. They are to fill the vacancies of the boys Dick and George The formerlias j ust finished his apprentice ship, the latter—dear George—has had a thorough blow- out (and looks none the better for it.) There are several appli cants for the billet, so it's hard to name the chosen ones. Peg-Leg Tommy isspoken of, he has rare testimonials from the Mining Board and the Associated Miners' Union. There arc other qualifications besides tliat of mining needed to obtain this billet. Then there is the boy Dick ; he lays claim to the situation through faith fully performing his past duties. The boy Dick's ambition is something of an agricultural kind. He goes for underground draining, tree-planting, and such like ; then again, there is curley Con. He is an artist of no mean merit, he is good at colouring tobacco pipes, curling, cutting, and parting gentlemen's hair down the centre of their heads. Whoever happens to be the chosen candidates, their duty will be to please Madame. Maldon, as near as possible, aud they'll be reimbuised by having about half their grub free, but will be required to sleep only once a month on the premises, and will have the privilege to hug and cuddle any of Madame Maldon's household they may have a liking for. Should they turn out tobe good boys, eventually they may rise to be full blown Justices of the Peace. The Wicked South Co., I hear, have Iiad a partial washing-off, and it is expected to' yield near three ounces to the ton. Is it a mistake, or is it through the half-yearly being BO nigh at hand ? If it's through the latter, it's a pity that there are not more half-yearns in a twelve month. My mate (M'Griffin) lias gone to doss, and he is complaining bitterly of the Seas having such a keen appetite this cold weather, and that its unfair of me, to let them do all the feasting on him ; so being a member of tlie society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, 1 must stouce this, and turn in, and let the fleas have their proportionate share of your most humble servant. 