' CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply for publication "Conglomerations," in accordance with the following conditions:—1. The poems may be on any subject, and in any measure. 2. The selected words to be used in any order—i.e., not necessarily in the «RTnp consecutive order in which they are arranged. 8\. At least as many selected words are to be used as one-half of the nmnber of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words were Gate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. We publish tbe following this week :— A gentle maiden, leaning on the rural gait Oi yonder grave yard, pondered thus upon the fate Of poor humanity. " UfeS ^e ™lden gram Waving aloft in rich luxuriance in vain ! A momentary glitter; then lo 1 all is lost To view (save may be some unquiet, wand'ring ghost By superstition raised from out the ghastly grave), All, all is swept away by dark oblivion's wave." FLORENCE ANNE DARLING. I saw my gentle Marian preparing tea and toast, But she looked so veTy grave I thought she must have seen a ghost. The door was standing open, and I passed in through tbe gate ; The well-lit room did glitter with the brilliant silver plate. " What is it makes you sad?" I said; "What is it gives you pain 7" " Ma says I must not marry, and it goes against the grain." SEAMAN. It was neither ghost nor goblin That toward the gate came hobblin', But black Jemmy, asking for some tea ; If I cave him but a grain he Would not. if he came again, be " Always very big one 'bliged" to me. He approached me with a titter, And his pearly teeth did glitter As he smiled and looked so very gay; But his manner was much grave— r, And more gentle his behaviour. When bis lubra beckoned him away. YARRA. Twas Christmas time. An aged dame and sire. With children dear, were grouped around the fire, And all were list'ning to the last ghost story. Tbe wind blew cold and bleak; the hour was late; When, Io ! hard blows fell on the postern gate. Which seemed to glitter br'ght with frost so hoary. It made each child and gentle maiden start. Hie men, too, trembled and felt faint at heart, Thinking 'twas some one from the silent grave. At last the boldest, soon as be was able, Found 'twas the donkey, that had left his stable. And, wanting grain, his fodder came to crave. B. S. S. 