The Novelist. Ishmael. BY M. E. BRADDON. AUTHOR bi- " LADT ATTDLEY/S SECRET," "VIXEN," "THE GOLDEN CALF," &C;, &O.; CHAPTER XXXIX.-THOU DOST DWELL AMONG SCORPIONS. It was the eve of Ishmael's wedding day, t eve bf a sultry day at the beginning of August. The heat had been oppressive, even amidst t murmuring boughs of the Champs Elysees ai that fair wood beyond; and with evening the Í grew heavier, as with the presage of a thundc storm j whereupon all the inhabitants of weste: Paris who knew how to live drifted towards t] wood and the cascade, to eat ices and sino] cigarettes betwixt starlight and lamplight, flirt or gossip to a pianissimo accompaniment rushing waters and waving leaves. The train of carriages, with their colouri lamps, looked like an army of glowworms cree ing along the leafy avenues under the shades < night. Not a Jehu in all Paris but had his fai on- this August evening. Tho heat of tho¡ dazzling caf es on the boulevards was insuppór able ; theatres were suggestive of the Black Ho! at Calcutta ; and even the stranger, to whom tl Parisian boulevards are a wonder and a deligh pined for fresher air and au escape from the glai and the din. But if the summer night was .sultry and stiflin on the boulevards and in the Palais Boyàl, wha was,it in the slums andlow neighbourhoods whic hang on .the skirts of Paris like a foul fringe upo: an imperial robe ? There were slums and loatb some spots still left even in the heart of thi splendid Haussmannisedlcity ; and if there wer ashes and blackness within the. core of the golde] apple, how much the more might suoh evil thing . be looked for outside, remote from the dwelling of those who wear purple and fine linen. Far .from the roll of carriage wheels, the tram] of thoroughbred horses, the glitter of palaces anc bloom of palace gardens, is a sordid external zon< of filth and poverty, and famine and foyer, i world that knew not Imperial Csasar, save as i name j a name which might mean anything, hui which certainly.did not mean food and clothing and decent shelter. Among these regions of outmost darkness in the far north of Paris,- near Clichy-a region as littlt known to the ordinary Parisian visitor as tht North Pole itself-therè is a small settlemeni given over for the most to the rag- picking confra ternity, and known as the Cite du Soleil. . ^ It is not to .the beauty of its situation, nor tc the dazzle of gilded domes and pinnacles that this City of the Sun owes its name, nor has it been so christened in ifcs irony. The simple rea son that the place has been so called is that the waste ground about those wretched hovels has been planted, tinie out of mind, with siinflowers, v which thrive amidst the surrounding squalor, and encircle the dwellings of the outcast with an aureole. Rich in all loathsome odours, black with the grime of age, this 'city bf the sun surpasses all the other settlements of the surrounding plain in squalor and hideousness. , Where all are vile this ranks as vilest. The ; narrow alleys which separate the huts where the rag. pickers sleep on their rags aro mere muddy channels in which children, dogs and swine crawl and grovel, fight ing with each other for the bones, thé stale cab bage stumps, the putrid lobster shells, which fall from the rag pickers' baskets. The fronts of the rotten old hovels are decorated with the skeletons of cats,, skulls of dogs, foxes' brushes. The sickening stench of the place overpowers the passer-by at 10 yards' distance. The road near which lies this colony of dirt and poverty is called the Route de la Revolte. The very name is sinister, but the actuality is oven more terrible 5 a long dreary road which goes from Neuilly to St. Denis, muddy in winter, dusty in summer, a road which pierces a world given ;over to squalor and disrepute-nay, too often made notorious by some dark history of crime-a region of waste places .and dilapidated buildings, the comfortless shelter bf mountebanks and beggars, scavengers ! Israelitish merchants' in broken glass and rabbit skins, chair menders-a region in whose pestiferous alleys, and -above whose stag nant gutters hang the germs of typhoid and typhus,the seeds of phthisis, the taint of cholera 'morbus. Only the acclimatised can exist in that polluted atmosphere. On this August night not a breath of air stirred in tho City of the Sun, , where tho sun flowers were just enfolding their golden rays. A hot and ..heavy mist brooded over the dilapidated roof B and rickety chimneys ; over the pigs, lazier than their wont, as they sprawled in the sultry eventide; the children, the gaunt, lean curs, lowest specimens of the dog family, and seem ingly a peculiar breed of mongrel, engendered of poverty and dirt. It was between 8.and 9 o'clock. Tho mounte banks and beggars, the . lame, the halt, and the blind were crawling home, shuffling off their various infirmities as they came along. The sickly ohildren, ill enough in all conscience with the chronic diseases of poverty, yet stimulating other "maladies ; -tho widows who* never had husbands j tho orphans whose fathers are waiting> : ? . at home to . beat them ; the- inen, with organs, with monkeys, and with perf orming dogs ; these, jocund some cf them, wearyall, are creeping back'to their, nests, while the rag-pickers are -going- ont. In an hour the City of-the Sun will be almost deserted by the pro fession by which it is particularly affected. But there are some few dwellers in those evil smelling dens who are not of the brotherhood of the basket and lantern, and these are the most dangerous in habitants of the place. Prom these the City of the Sun derives its second name of tho Little Mazas, sb called because its occupants have either just como from prison or aro just going there. In one óf the hovels, a den in the dark corner, furthest from the highway, a woman lay óa $. wretched pallot, gazing at the waning ligl drawing her breath heavily, as if each respirati were a labour and a pain. An old crone, bei withered, wrinkled, crouched beside the heart upon which an iron pot simmered and bubb! above a handful of embers. The entiie furnitu of the room consisted of the pallet-bed, ti broken chairs, an old egg box which did duty f a table, and a heap of rags in a corner whii served the crone for a bed. The woman had been languishing in th wretched den for weeks, wasting in the dead grip of preliminary disease. There had been da; on which she rallied and was able to crawl aboi in the sunshine, seized now and again with th terrible cough of hers, obliged to hold on to son dilapidated railing or door post, while she w¡ shaken by- the convulsive silence of coughing* fit which almost meant sufi* cation. There had been days on whic she had crept into Paris, and had crawled as fi as the Boulevard Montmartre, and looked wit her wan ghost-face at the crowd and movement « the city ; only to go back to her hovel, exhaustc by the exertion, and to all appearances havin discounted the brief remnant of her days by thi imprudent waste of power. The crone yonder had urged this dying grane child of hers to apply for free quarters at the hoi pital. There she would be tended and fed an doctored; there she could have all she needec Here she could have very little ; cup of wretche soupmade of bones from the basket ; a crust of dr bread from the same foul source. Money the cron had none, she protested; in actual truth ever farthing she earned was spent for drink. She ha been a drunkard 17 years ago in the Rue Som breuil, when that wasted form upon the palle was young and fair. She was a drunkard now a patron of the local assommoir, a consumer o that vile brandy, whose fiery flavour has .won fo it the name of "vitriol" or cassepoitHne, in th slang of the unlucky wretches who drink it. " Yes, that pallid, haggard face was the face o Pâquerette. Those faded oyeB gazing wearily a the setting sun, seen through the open door-j fiery shield, at the end of a long vista of huts anc pigsties, sheds, and broken railings- those pale sad eyes were the eyes that were once as lovely as the eyes of the Greuze in the Louvre innocent, childlike eyes, looking up at Ishmael with the tender trustfulness of a child. The¡ had seen the world since those days, poor fadec eyes. They had looked on strange people anc strange cities ; they had confronted the glare oi tho footlights, the bronzed faces of men of manj nations, the fumes of drink and tobacco. Yes she had seen the world; poor little Pâquerette : she had led a life of change and adventure with her. Bohemian lover. She had been rich and poor, happy and miserable. She had feasted and she had starved, had alternated between fine clothes and rags, had shared the ups and downs of a. clever unscrupulous man who lived by his wits ; and finally there had come an end. Hector de Valnois's fortune had taken the downward, slope. His health had declined with, the decline of his prosperity. He became irritable, hypochondriac, a martyr to neu ralgia^ a man most difficult to live with. In Valparaiso, where Pâquerette was earning money as a singer at a French cafe concert, he was seized with nostalgia, sickened for Paris, felt that in no other place could his strength revive, nowhere else could the freshness and vigor of his brain be restored. He had lost the power to write prose or poetry. It was this diabolical country which burnt up his brain with its feverish atmos phere ; its hot winds and seething. mists. Nor could he write in exile. He wanted contact with his fellow men. This is why his faculty as poet, as journalist, as novelist, playwright, critic, had been dechning for the last 10 years. He made xip his mind one wakeful night-tormented by heat and mosquitoes-that he would sail for France by the next vessel that left the port. ?'>'?; " You will meet Ishmael; and he will kill you," gasped Pâquerette, white with fear at the very thought of her husband's vengeance. " He swore that he would kill you; I heard bim." : " "That was 10 years ago... Do.you suppose that he has not got over the loss of you by this time ?" It was in vain that Pâquerette pleaded. The next French steamer took them back to Mar seilles ; and from Marseilles they travelled to Paris; ' without an hour's avoidable delay. They arrived.in the great city almost penniless; but Heotor do Valnois was past master of tho mysteries of Parisian life-from the palace to the gutter. He found a cheap lodging in the laby rinth of narrow streets near the Luxembourg ; and here Pâquerette and ho existed for nearly three years, she accepted as,his wife by the few who crossed thc threshold of his shabby home. - Here dc Valnois did journeyman's work for his old! publishers, for the : FIGARO and CORSAIRE, working under a norn, de plumo, ashamed that the Parisian world should know the author of " Mes Nuits Blanches " had sunk to the scribbler of stray paragraphs and the puffer of wealthy advertisers. He kept aloof from all who had known him in his butterfly stage, his brief day of splendor and success. He rarely rose till noon, rarely went out, of doors till nightfall. He dined at some popular restaurant in the student's quarter, af ter everyone else's dinner was over. He was always later .than other people. He was the last to leave the billiard table or cafe ; the last to send in his copy to the newspaper from which ho drew the pittance upon which he lived. Pâquerette earned no money in Paris.- She did not even try to get an engagement at theatre or concert. First she had a , morbid dread of, being seen by her husband ; secondly, her voice began to fail her soon after her return" to Paris. , She had caught a severe, cold oh the steamer which she and Hector travelled as second class, passen gers. Her health declined, her beauty faded, the bird-like soprano voice grew thin and feeble. The Pâquerette of the past was dead. The white Easter daisy had faded for ever. Poverty is but a sour soil for the fragile floweret called love. . These two had been faith ful to oaoh other through changing fortunes. They had been brave and hopeful, so long as in thè öVühöiir there was a chjtnôè of change frcto the level monotony of hopeless poverty j and tl condition of things is trying to the temp especially to a man's temper. One day Hec disgraced his manhood eternally by telling J faithful companion that she was a burden him, a clog, an incubus ; that his fatal passion i her had blighted his prospects, ruined his Hi that but for her he would have been the success of Alfred de Musset, a favourite guest at Fe tainebleau and Compiegne, a member of t Academy, a rich man. It was a burst of splee of wounded pride ; the bitter sense of failure ; t proud man's rage at the success of his inferió: It was a Sudden gust of all evil feelings conce trated in ono angry speech. It was the passl of a moment, the savage outburst of a fall angel stung by gadflies. It had no real signi canoe ; but it broke Paquerette's heart. She answered not a word. She stood befo him, white as death, and as motionless. SI stood and watched him as he flung on his hat ar dashed out of the room. It was on the edge night, and he was going to his favourite haunt : the Place de la Sorbonne, Le Picrate, famous fi its absinthe. "When he was gone she went to hi bedroom, and put a few things together in an ol shawl which she pinned into a little package wil tremulous hands. Then she put on her rus1 little black lace bonnet, tied her black veil tight] across her hollow cheeks, and went ' out url the street, leaving the key with the portress i she went by. " You can tell Monsieur I am not coming bac any more," she said. The woman stared at her, not taking in thefu meaning of her words. She spoke too quietly i mean anything tragic. She meant just what she said ; never to go bac to bim any more. She was leaving him for eve -the man for whom she had sacrificed husbanc home, good name, and all the best and brightet years of her life. She was running away j just a she. had run away from the Rue Sombreuil 1 years ago, to escape her grandmother's ill-treal ment. Poor little Pâquerette ! her only notion c self- defence was to run away. Fifteen years ago she had fled from the Ru Sombreuil. To-night she went back there-wind ing like the hunted hare to her form, and nearl; as hard sped as the hunted hare. In all Paris sh knew of no friend to whom she could safely appea in her dire necessity, except those first friends o hers who had; looked with compassion upon he: miserable girlhood. Of Lisette Moque, that fas friend of later days, the friend who had encouragée her in her folly, she thought with a shudder, foi to Lisette's fatal influence she traced her own fall The experience that should have guided her step: in the midst of danger, the worldly knowledge Which should have saved her, had only been usec to her disadvantage. No. Had she been starving and shelterless in the streets of Paris, she woulc not now have accepted shelter and food from Madame Moque. lt was a .long walk from the Luxembourg tc the Eue Sombreuil, for limbs that had lost muet of their youthful elasticity 5 and there was only disappointment at the end of the journey. The old portress was in her dusky den by the doorway the courtyard and staircase looked exactly as they had looked 15 years ago, only so much the more squalid ; so much the darker, uglier, drearier by the passage of those 15 years. , " The Benoits are gone," said the hag, staring hard at Paquerette's closely- veiled face. "Oh, but gone for ages. The little Main'selle, she that .was jolie à croquer, she married a baker from Rouen seven years ago, and they went to Rouen to live soon after marriage; and then the big Mam'selle, la grande Lisbeth, married an English man, and she and the cousin, Mam'selle Toinette, went to London." All this had happened ages ago. Pâquerette leaned against the greasy door post trembling and faint. How much she had hoped for-succor; consolation, Christian charity-here where she found nothing. Gone to Eouen, gone to London-those old friends. To her the case seemed as hopeless as if they had gone to Siberia. How could Bhe follow them- she who had only a few francs in her. shabby little purse j she who turned cold and faint and weak at the slightest mental distress ? " Have you heard anything lately of a woman who once lived in these rooms ?" she asked pre sently, pointing to those old casements on the ground floor, which were a little cleaner than they had been in Mere Lomoine's time, and which were ornamented with a few tufts of primroses and cowslips, growing in old blacking bottles. " But of course she is dead j she must have been dead for years." - "Mere Leinoine, do you mean?" cried tho portress. Paquei'ette" nodded assent.. '*Mere Lemoino is nob dead, madame; Mere Lemoine is as much alive as the Emperor--more so, perhaps; for people say that the Emperor has a: malady which will kill him, and that-ho is beginning to.fail already ; while Mere Lemoine I seems as if she would never die. It is a healthy ; occupation, that of a rag picker, to be out all j night in the oool air, when the streets aro empty and the town is quiet." " She is living then ?-and a rag pickor ! Poor soul!" ""Well, it is not a pleasant t^ade; but they* seora to thrive upon it. Mere Lemoine must be 80 years of age. Sho came into this yard. within the last month. She knows "that she can get a taste of brandy-ohce in a way for the sake of old times. She is bent 'nearly "double, withered and wrinkled-Dieu de Díet¿, how; withered; how wrinkled ! But she is alive., and as talé, and hearty as you or I." . She was still living, then, that old, old woman, the grandmother who had beaten her and scolded her, and driven her as a fugitive from that very house ; and now the time had come when Paquer ette's last hope of refuge was from the charity of that very grandmother. The whirligig of time had brought about its own revenges. There was nothing forjher save this or the hospital. And she was not ill enough to ask State charity. If she had been, she might have preferred, the hospital, ?«rPö'yw''kttbV'wherö Mere Lemoine lives ?" she asked. " She lives in a place where a great many of the rag-pickers live." "In the Eue Sainte-Marguerite ?" "No, no; ever so'much further off than the Eue Sainte-Marguerite. She " lives" up by Clichy, on the Roete de la Eevolte, in a place called the Cite, du Soliel-a place given over to rag-pickers." "The Cite du Soliel," repeated ' Pâquerette, faintly; for she was very tired af ter her walk'j "I Buppose I shall be able to find the place ?" " Why not ? you have a tongue in your head," answered the woman, carelessly ; for Pâquerette did not look a person likely to pay for politeness. " You have to find your way to Clichy, and then anyone will show you the Cite du Soleil." Pâquerette thanked her, and left the Rue Som breuil for ever. 8he walked some distance in the direction of Clichy, and then, almost ready to drop, she found there was an omnibus which would carry her for a considerable stage of the journey for a few sous. This helped her, and in the spring night, between eight and nine o'clock, she arrived at the City of the Sun-just when the rag- pickers were issuing from their hovels, a little procession of old men and women, each with a lantern swinging at the end of a stick-a train of glowworms in the spring night. Pâquerette put up her veil, and stood by the roadside to watch them go by. The stars were shining in the April sky, the night was soft and gray rather than dark. Every one turned to look at that figure standing by the wayside,' with a white wan face, evidently watching for some thing or some one. The rag pickers went by slowly, moving stiffly, halting in their walk like old horses after an interval of repose. Some of them mumbled and muttered as they hobbled , along, as if chewing the cud of better days. Pâquerette gazed piteously at those old wrinkled faces, at the women most of all, looking for her grandmother. Almost at the tail of the dismal procession came à hag more bent and decrepit than any other example of age and misery pre sented by that squalid company. Her head nod ded, her chin worked convulsively as Bhe tottered along, mouthing, muttering. Her lantern shook like a light on a ship at sea, her skinny hand trembled as it clutched her staff. She, too, in quisitive even in her semi-imbecility, turned and peered with dim bleared eyeballs at the figure by the wayside. Something in the crone's nutcracker counte nance was familiar to those sad eyes looking out of the pale face. " Grandmother !" faltered Pâquerette faintly. The crone started, and then came dose to her, staring at her, devouring her, with wild, haggard eyes. "¡ Joanneton; !" she screamed. "It is my daughter's ghost !" "No, grandmother ; it is your daughter's daughter ; brokenhearted like her mother j wretched and poor, and friendless, like her mother. You see it runs in the family." " Why, then; it is Pâquerette !" cried the hag, "that shameless rag of a granddaughter j the child I reared but of charity, and who deserted me in my old age." She planted, her staff upon thé dusty ground and stood leaning upon it, gazing at Pâquerette, while the squalid regiment of rag-piokerB moved onward, and the twinkling lights melted |and vanished in the grey eventide. " I did wrong, grandmother ; but you were too hard upon mo. You beat me because I refused to marry a man I hated." " To hate such a man ! Oh the folly of these girls !" cried the hag; "a man who had saved money~.}-,a man whose wife is a lady. I have seen her. Do you hear, child ? I have seen the Charabia's wife. She was a servant at a wine shop in thé,Eue .de la Roquette-a brazen wench, ' He married her a year after you ran away. Ah, but she lives well ; she has a warm nest..- She is one of the fattest women in the Faubourg Saint Antoine. She goes to the theatre twice a week. She wears asilk gown on Sundays Ah, you were a fool, Pâquerette-a fool. Just like your mother. All young women are fools." " Yes, grandmother, I have been a fool j but not for refusing to marry the Charabia; not even for running away from you. I have been a fool, and my folly has left me without a friend, or a roof to cover me. Can you give, me shelter till I can look about, and do something.to earn my living P" í " Shelter-but-yes ; I have ahorne, a snug little home, and you shall share it. Folks Bhall not have to say that I ref used shelter even to a runaway granddaughter. Your mother rah away, and she carno back-back to the old nest. And you, you "too have come back. Strange, very strange," muttered the old woman, prattling on in a senile fashion as she led the way to tho City of tho Sun. : The. City of the Sun ! In all Pâquerette's varied experience she had never beheld anything so hideous as that collection of hovels, and pig- : styes, and dust' heaps, all grouped together haphazard, human and porcine, habita tions nestling side by side, dust heaps piled against the walls, on a level with bedroom windows. The house in the Rue Sombreuil was an abode' of luxury, ? a bourgeoise and cossue habitation, as compared with' these < dilapidated ; shanties of worm-eaten wood or crumbling plaster. A pane of glass here and there in a window was the rare exception that proved the rule of broken casements stuffed with brown paper, rags, old hats, and rotten straw.. The chief endeavour of the inhabitants seemed to be, not to let the light in at their windows, but to, keep the weather out. Thus an old boot or a saucepan lid was deemed an appreciate subject for a broken pane. 'i fAnd" the odours; the foetid stream of animal" corruption; the rank taint of rotten vegetables; the Biddy indescribable stench, which combined all imaginable foulness in one loathsome essence -from these Pâquerette recoiled, shuddering; but the grandmother's skinny fingers gripped her shawl and drew her on. " I havo a snug little home at the end here, in a nice sheltered corner," she umttered, .chuckling and gibbering aa she weat ailing. "T Mven't paid any" rent for six months," They "are a rough lot about me, and the collector got frightened the last time he came', to our end of the place, and has never ventured so far since. There are some queer fellows live next to me- Italians j very quick with their knives ; and they threatened to stab that fine gentleman when he came prying about with a leather money bag across his chest and a little bottle of ink in his waistcoat pocket. He has never been near me sine«." (TO BB CONTINUED.) 