RACIMO EVENTS TO COME. Logan and Albert J.C. Annual Meeting, March 17,18. Glen Innes Annual Meeting, Mardi 17,18. V.U.C. Autumn Meeting. February 28, ii arch ts. Hawkesburry Autumn Keeting, Haren 26, SS. Gympie J.e. Annual Apiil p, 7. A.J.O. Autumn Meeting. April 6, 8.10, ll. St George Annual Meeting, April 15,10. Great Western Do«n«(Tombo) J.C. Annual, May 13, M lloma Annual Races, Junes, 4. Ilocldiainpton J.C. Annual Meeting, Junr 18,10. Dlnlrille J.C. Meeting, June SI, 25. Warwick Turf Club Annual, May 0,7. South Austrclian J.C. Autumn Meeting, 2, 7, 0. Sydney Turi Club Winter Meeting, May U. Charleville Annual Meeting, Juna 3, 4. Iturkc District (Normanton) J.e. Annual, July 8. 0. l'eak Downs T.C. Annual, June 26, 20. Springsure J.e. Annual Meering, July 8, 0. Charters Towers J.C. Annual Meeting, July 23, 21, Townsville J.e. Annual, August 12,13. Hawkesbury Spring Meeting, September 10,12. A.J.U. Spring Meeting. September 10, 22,21, 20. THE V.K.C. autumn meeting commenced at Flemington on Saturday last. Unfortunately, heavy rain fell on thc previous night, and, indeed, continued until ll o.m. on the day of the meeting. However, ull things considered, there was a fair attendance, and some of the events were closely contested, though, no doubt, the racing would hare been of a more interesting character if the course had not been soddened by the rain. Business com- menced with the Essendon Stakes, for which half-a-dozcn starUd. It was generally expected Malua would prove too many guns for Commotion over thc mile and o-half, but the gallant sou of Panic proved otherwise, winning easily hy three lengths from Malua and Reginald, in 2"47i. Only six put in an appearance for the rich Ascot vale Stakes, being £500 and sweepstakes of £20 each (£010s. forfeit) ; £100 for the second horse, and £50 for thc third. Monte Christo was served up very hot for the event, and as I expected, could have won easily enough, being beaten on the post by his stable com- panion Uralla. Dunlop was third, and the time of the race was 1 '22 J. The other starters were Antonio, linttress, and Lady Claudia. Much displeasure was expressed by onlookers at thc way Monte Christo was ridden at the finish, and possibly an inquiry will result. As most readers know, both Uralla and Monte Christo are owned by the Hon. James White. They are both by that grand horse Chester, who seems likely to be as great a success at the stud os he was on the turf. Uralla is out of imported Moonstone, by Blair Athol-Amethyst, by Touchstone ; and Monte Christo out of Kathleen, by Lord of Linne Dunlop is a bay colt by Neckersgat out of Etta (imp.) After the Ascotvale Stakes came the St. Leger Stakes. Only four went to the post, and the compulsory with- drawal of Bargo robbed the race of much of its interest. At the finish Silver King (First King-Senorita), who started a hot favourite, won comfortably by a length from David (The Gondolier-Alice Drew) and Mozart (Cervus- Heiress). Tremaudo was the other starter. Time, 3"32J ; the slowest since Seaspray's year-1874. The Newmarket Handicap brought twenty-nine competitors to the starting post, Coronet and Prometheus being most in favour. The Maryborough horse Velocipede was left at the post when thc flag fell. Thc favourite held a forward position throughout, and though challenged at the half distance by Middlcmarch and Sheet Anchor, Coronet, 17 st.) answered thc call of his jockey and won comfortably by three- quarters of a length from Middlcmarch (8 st. 4 lbs.) and Sheet Anchor (7 st. 7 lbs). The time was 1"19|. the longest ever occupied in this particular race. The Ghost was fourth, then caine Sir Garnet, Leporello, Salvo, Town Moor, and Topaz. Thc winner, Coronet, is a bay five-year-old stallion purchased some months ago by Mr. D. M. Robertson. He is hy St, Albans out of Prima Donna, hy Boiardo, &c.; Middle march is by Miribyuong out of House- maid (imp. ) ; and Sheet Anchor by St. Albans out of Queen Mary. The Hopeful Stakes (for two- year-olds) resulted in a win for Mr. Tothill's filly .luanna (Gang Forward- Haidee) ; Girofla (St. Albans Novice) was second, and Sunuy Days (Haw- thornden-Sunshine) third. There were fourteen starters. Time, 1'4J. In the Bruns- wick Stakes, Grace Darling (7st. 4 lbs.) won by a length and half from Madcap (8 st. Dibs. ) second, and Distiller (Sst. Dibs.) third. There were thirteen starters. Time, 2i2|. Grace Darling is u fiva-year-old marc by The Diver out of Zoe. The meeting was continued on Thursday, when The Agent (JOst. Sib.) easily defeated the top weights Hazard (list. 91b.) and Don Quixote (12st. Olh.) The Sires' Produce Stakes was carried off hy Monte Christo, fol- lowed home by Ringmaster and Manchester. Tho Corinthian Cup was secured by Happy Thought (IOst. 71h.), in front of Achilles (list. Gib.)aud Studcut(10st. 01b.) Next came thc Australian Cup, which resulted in a win for Ringwood (7st. 111b., including 31bs. penalty for winning Hobart Cup), Sheet Anchor (7st. 51b.) seeoud, and Stormaway (Ost.) third. Time, 4-24. The winner is a six year-old gelding by St. Albans out of Deception, by Bay Middleton, &c.;, and waB formerly a hurdle horse. Thc Steeplechase ' went to Echo (list. 101b.), Morven (lOst. 121b.) second, and Clarence (I2st. 121b.) third. Thc meeting will be concluded to-day, the leading event being the Champion Stakes, for which I shall plump for Commotion. I am pleased to notify that the Messrs. Morgan Brothers have determined to give G leucoc another opportunity of distinguishing himself on the turf. With this object the speedy son of the Drummer-GomoB has been placed in the hands of his old trainer, Mr. W. J. Carter, and also the three-year-old chestnut tilly Caller Ou (Kelpie-Hope) owned by those gentlemen. The pair are stabled at Eaton's Hotel, Lion Creek ; and are in capital condition to commence work on. The filly has grown and thickened since last year, and as she is full sister to the speedy Coolabah, she may, with proper management develop into a racehorse. She was always a speedy little th'uig, but possessed not thc best of legs. However, she is now ap- parently as sound as a liell, and I hope her traiuer will have good luck with her. Glencoe having had a much-neededspell should return to the turf as fresh as a lark, and add to his many previous good deeds. The Townsville meeting will take place on the 12th and 13th of August. Following is a synopsis of thc Charters Towers programme to be rmi off on the 23rd aud 24th July --First Day : Sires' Produce Stakes of £100;"Novol Race of £60, winner to bc sold for £1 ; Milchcster Handicap of £100, li mile; Ladies'Bracelets-valued at £50, £2.î, aud £10 respectively-1 mile ; Dis- trict Plate of 010, and cup (value £40) pre- sented by Mr. C. Deitz, 14 mile, w.f.a. Second Day: Maiden Plate of £75, 14 mile j Hurdle Race (handicap) of £100, 2 miles and distance ; Charters Towers J.C. Handicap of £500 and sweep of £5, second horse £100, third £50, from prize, 2 miles ¡ Publicans' Purse of £50, IJ mile, w.f.a.; Members'Cup (welter handicap) of £50, li mile; and Forced Handicap of £50, and" 21 per cent from winners, except Bracelets and Novel races. *' Hipparion " writes in the Colonist : There is a rumour afloat that the Bundaberg Scopie mean to race ngain in June. If they o thc club will suffer as they suffered last year, lt is to their obvious advantage to chime in with Maryborough to catch the horses as they are returning from the north, when, a Gympie friend tells me, thc G.T.C. will come in with another programme. Messrs. Budge and Niall's brown stallion Standard Bearer has been shot. The same writer says ;-Wheel of Fortune, the daughter of Warlike, is to be trained for the coining season, after which she is to visit one of our best sires, probably Penman or Reugny. Mr. P. L Power lias purchased Wetherondale, by Stockdale (imported son of Stockwell and Hesse Hamburg), out of Vivan- diers by Dram Major (tmp.Vout of Moor lad's dam, 3 yeats, arid the horse ts now on Gympie or on his way there. He will be put to work at once with Cossack ami the Fair Helen filly by Newbold, both in Mr. 1'OH'OI'« bonds. " Pegasus," of the Qiieen'lnmlii; says : Sarobanda and Adamantea arrived last week by the Burwah from Sydney. Neither was looking in good trim, both having had evi- dently a more than sufficiency of work. Sara banda looked certainly the better of the two. After a brief stay in Brisbaue she went off to Tenthill, while Adamantea returned to lier old quarters under the care of H. Walsh. Nominations for the principal Gympie lum dicaps close on thc Oth instant. The Sydney Turf Club have fixed then winter meeting for the 24th May this year. The principal race, as last year, is the Birth day Cup of £500. The distance, however, has been increased to a mile aud three quarters. Bargo was scratched for all his V.R.C. autumn engagements bi consequence of an injury to his leg, caused by hitting it whilst doing a training gallop. Those interested are reminded that thc sale of the Messrs. Cox's celebrated Fernhill stud takes place on April 1, at Mulgoa, New South Wales. The well-known marc Wheel of Fortune, hy Goldsbrough out of Brown Duchess, and owned (or formerly owned) by Mr. (J. A. Turnor, of Mackay, is now being trained al Wollongong. An Amateur Turf Club has been formed in Maryborough. A programme of events has been issued, and thc meeting is to take place on thc 11th April next. A Brisbane paper says there is some talk of Commotion taking Epigram's place at the Grange. Only " talk I fear. I regret to read in a Sydney paper that thc celebrated racehorse Legrand died ut Mel- bourne the other day through injury to his spine. Legrand, as is widely known, was bred by the late Sir J. P. Bell at thc (¡range, near Ipswich. He was a four-year-old by Epigram ont of Legend, and as a racehorse proved himself one of the best the colonies ever saw, winning in brilliant time at all distances. Among his principal wins may bc mentioned :-Champion Stakes, A ..I.C.Derby, A.J.C. St. Leger, A.J.C. Plate, fcc. Thc following arc thc nominations for thc Adelaide Cup : Hobart Don Q til icu te Irvington Goba ntl a Reginald KinpBblp Blink Bonny Buckingham tord Exeter Welcome Jack Guesswork Napier Acolyte Sirocco Country Boy Madcap Coronet Broker Ilin^wood Lantern Waverley T,nrd Wilton Too Too J (lizard Plan«, ule Commotion ?Sheet Anchor Un cn fl Prometheus Heleno Conjecture Veiw Chuckster A cent MidOlemnrch Hilltop Precious Stone Cnmerine Tarpela Hul-y Assvrïnn Ned o* tho Hill» Anplei-uy Coii ol anus Quill itv Atlioninn Britisher Favo Sardíus Biker IvinR Off Colour Stowaway Hurricane Kine of tile Gip Once Darling An cl i OM te David Hecuba VKNO. 