"TWO STORIES OF THE SEEN AND UNSEEN." A new book in two parts with this title has just been published. It is reputed to be by the author of "A Little Pilgrim in the Unseen,' and there is not a little about it that reminds one of .that brave but reverent venture into the realms of the invisible. There is the same limpid transparency of style, the same ease of movement, the same air of weirdness and awfulness in the work. A similar guggestive ness also abounds in it, hints of meanings far deeper than those that meet the eye or ear—a finality which is so invaluable in any treatment of what under limitation may be termed the ?? supernatural.'' Once and again it contains the account of those "blank misgivings of a creature moving about in worlds not realised," ' which, if not peculiar, are at least common to works of this stamp. From internal evidence therefore it is probable that Mrs. Oliphant is the writer, and if that be so it only famishes another proof of her versatility. To the majority the is best known as one of our most prolific writers of fiction, but she also writes histories of English literature and biographies, such as those of Edward ?Irving. She is editor of a curies'of Continental or European classics; and not content with and not exhausted by abors so various, she also nukes occasional efforts such as the present to depict a state of things in which the action of the senses is ?-ilhex suspended or overruled, and the condi tions of time and space are factors unknown or inactive. No one would contend that she is the equal of George Eliot. Still though she acks her masculine grasp, her relentless analysts, her philosophical acumen, and her vast research, she can yet easily bold her own with any writer, male or female, for tLirur an delicacy, for "sweetness and light," at the same time that she can be keen and graphic and vigorous and trenchant when occasion demands, The iwariing? of the two stories—" The Opsn Door" and "Old Lady Mary"—convey no idea at all of their character or contents. Toe former of the two would come n?Hgr the de Domination of what is usually called "ghost stories," Only the reader .of this notice should understand that the term is used in no vulgar sense. Ko imputation of coarseness ehher of sentiment or of description can be laid at the door of Mia. Oliphant's literary productions. The outline of things is briefly as follows 2-—A gpnt:l pm mi returning froni service in India takes up a temporary abode in a country mansion not far from Edinburgh. His family consists of his wife, one son, and two daughters. There is the complement of servants usual in such considerable houses. Business demands the father's presence in London after a number of months. While sojourning in the metropolis he meets troops of old friends, who with forcible lrinHnomj compel him to their houses. In this way he fails to get on delivery the letters forwarded to him at his hotel. On his turning up there he fiw^g several nn"lTT|TiTii<*ft^:i nnH, some marked urgent along with the telegrams. Opening one of the latter, which was also the later of the two, he reads—" Why don't yon come or answer? Tor God's sake come. He is ywtT^i worse." The telegram preceding this did indeed throw same light on it, bat the light was but the forerunner of a greater dark ness—"No better. Doctor afraid of brain fever. Calls for you day and night. Let nothing detain you." In the endurance of intolerable pain and under the impulse of un controllable excitement the father hurries home to find his boo laboring under the delusion—as as it is called—of having heard the sobbing and icoaning of an invisible sufferer among the ruins of an old buMing on the estate. Here is the way in which the bey tries -to explain matters to the astonished parent, the bed room having been cleared on purpose: "Father, there is some one in the park, some one that has been badly used. , . . I don't know who it is. It is just a cry. Oh! if yon could hear it. It gets into my head in my sleep. Xheacditasclear—au clear—and they think lam dreaming or caving perhaps." What stagger* the father is the power of self conscions?ess, and of self-control which the boy is able to exercise, and the piteous per sistency with which he beseeches him to do something fur the relief of the being whose agony had so wrung his young heart, if indeed any relief were possible. Accordingly, the story goes on to tell the measures adopted by the man to fulfil the wishes of his boy, the unearthly experiences encountered in their liroeecution and the success attending them. To do justice to the book it would be necessary to transfer it altogether to these pagea, because . it does not lend itself readily to quotation. It is top much of a piece, too coherent, too consecutive for that. But one or two extracts may serve to show the "trend 0 of the book, as a geologist might say. On .the occasion of one of the visits to the ruins the gentleman is accompanied by the doctor sad the clergyman of the place. As the sound of the melancholy voice breaks upon the trio one of them seems to recognise it, and addresses it as if it be. longed to same one he knew—" Willie, Willie Oh, God preserve us; is it you?" . . . "Lb this right to come here? Your mother's 1 gone with your name on her lips. Do you think ehe would ever doge her door on her own lad? [The voice U represented M moan- ! ing out in tones of ineffable sorrow and appeal, j * Oh, mother, let me in; oh, mother, let me in.'J So yon think the Lord will clo3e the door, ye faint- hearted creature?" , What may be die . writer's object in the publication of a book.like *hts? To defend' the reality of apparitions? MotdirecHyat Vast, however willing she might be to acknow' ledge that these are phenomena in that sphere which, if they have been correctly examined and reported have not yet at least been satis factorDy explained. To avow herself a disciple of spiritualism? Certainly not; because she not only does not commend and does not con demn the usual spiritualistic manifestations, but she does not even chronicle or refer to them. It is much more likely that she means to put in a word for the theory that human fate is not unalterably settled and unchangeably fixed at the moment of death. Every possibility of amendment is not then destroyed, all the germs of good in a man are not then annihilated; while the material con ditions are entirely altered the moral con ditions remain the same; this is the impres sion produced by a perusal of the book. It may be somewhat erroneous or even wholly wrong. For Mrs. Oliphant does not, like an inferior artist, tag her moral on to her book. Her meaning must be gathered from the ima ginary narrative itself. One thing at least is certain. It is eminently calculated to strengthen in the reader that charity towards man which hopeth all things, and that faith in God which believeth all things. One single sentence from the story itself might perhaps without injustice be accepted as its motto. "An old man like me," said the clergyman, "is sometimes not very sure what he believes. There is just one thing I am certain of, and that is the loving-kindness of the Lord." The second story in the book has also its principal scene in the " border-hind," but with a difference. "Lady Mary," like " Willie," represents a restless spirit in the beyond, but whereas in the latter people of flesh and blood hear and in a manner help the unearthly visitant, in the former the unearthly visitant cannot be heard except by the innocent children, and cannot be helped by any. The plot of this section of the little work, if one may employ such a term, is something pike this. The Lady Mary has kept trained and educated an orphan girl as her child, and while affecting in answer to the urgent protests of her friends to have made no will at all,' she has made one, but has so effectually concealed it|in a secret drawer that on her suddenly dying no will can be found, and the young girl is cast helpless and penniless upon the world. Coming to consciousness on the other side of the border-land Lady Mary's heart begins to swell with unspeakable sympathy and sorrow for the girl she has thus by a mere whim predestined to poverty. How [she obtains leave to visit again the "glimpses of the moon," though warned of the pain she would incut; bow she beats herself loudly condemned by those she left behind, with the notable exception of the orphan herself; how the looks at her wistfully and speaks to her — as she thinly—in words audible and inf.nlK. gible, but all in vain, for no sound is heard ; how, in one word, she pays the awful penalty of her conduct —is told in language simple, refined, suggestive. The ingenious way in which, what for want of other terms, we may call the terrestrial and celestial are woven together, the throes of agony she bears by reason of her great love for the girl which yet cannot be made known to her, the sense and strangeness with which the newly-liberated spirit contemplates the conditions of the im mortal state, and many other tilings, will strike the.thoughtful reader of the book. The last lines on its pages seem to contain the key of the.second narrative. " They all gathered pn the other-world] to see the wanderer coming. back. She was not as she had been when she went away. Her face, which had been bo easy, was worn with trouble. Her eyes were deep with things unspeakable, l'ity and knowledge were in the lines which time had not made. On coming to herself, however, the dark lines melt away from hex face, and with a ' low cry of happiness she says,' I am forgiven. ' She whom I wronged loves me and blessed me; and we saw each other face to face.' 'There is no more,' said all together, for everything is included in pardon and love." 