The Wicked Woods of Tobereevil. BY THE AUTHOR OF ' HESTER'S HISTORY.' CHAPTER XXXVI.— FAOL AT CAMLODGH. Summer was very lovely at Camlough ; bowery foliage clothed die mountain-sides with softness, and in the hollow swards were bril liant with flowers ; the ^castle gleamed out of flowering bloom, ana terraces girdled it with garlands as of fire caught from die sun. The gardens were hived with sweets, die trees heavy with perfumes that crept up into their boughs. The birds sang in chorus, the sea made a delicate music, and die peaks of die upper mountains crowned die valley. with a sapphire crown. -' Sir John had ceased to be uneasy about his unruly daughter. His head was full of things more important. He knew she was safe, and that die best way to manage her was to let her have her own way. But the mother cotild not so easily content herself ; she had grown more wretched every day diat her child stayed away from her, could cot sleep at night nor rest by day. Her daughter's indifference was eating away her life. There was no peace about Lady Archbold ; her dark hollow eyes still glowed with restless passion ; but her haughti ness had broken up into querulousness. She was too feverish for occupation, and always at odds with Time for not quickening bis lagging steps. ' She did not care for reading, for there was no story so interesting or so pitiful to her as her own. She looked into her past life by that envious and fitful light which such minds will fling backward uponjoys from whidrthey scorned to draw much sweetness while they lived. Why had the world failed her, having for so many years being her slave ? Why had pride ceased to charm, and the only love she coveted being denied her? Why had poverty threatened to pinch her with unknown wants, while bitterness and reproach must be her only solace in trial? These were hard problems which Lady Archbold had got to solve. She walked with weakly steps about her room, but nobody bad any idea that her life was nearly spent. Partly deceived by pride that would not complain, partly by rogue and pearl-powder, Sir John had no suspicion of the intensity of her suffering, or of the havoc it had made. On every one ef these summer days her maid dressed her with infinite pains, arranging laces and satins, flowers and jewel lery, as carefully as if her mistress had been a jroung belle going to court for the first time. On her face there were the red and white diat simulated health, and -her hair was not suffered to lose the rare blue-back for which die tresses of Lady Archbold had been famed. She thought diat when her child returned she should not see die changes which grief and disease had wrought upon her mother. -Every day the poor lady sat in a chair filled with cushions, which was placed on die sward at a sunay side of die terrace, a lap- dog on her knees which she did not caress, by her side books which she never opened, fancy-work un touched, and a heap of fresh roses which she crushed to an early death in her hot fingers. Here she sat, watching for one who would not come, and here she still sat when Katherine at length appeared riding out of die distance with Paul by her side. The mother could not bear die sight which she had so passionately longed to see. She fainted in her chair, and had to be carried to her room. Sir John was right glad to welcome Paul. In his economic fit he had lately denied him self the pleasures of hospitality, being a man who could not choose to invite his friends to bear him company, unless he surprised them with die most costly intertainments. But he was now thoroughly tired of loneliness* -at Camloughj.and pleased to see .s. man coming to share it. He had heard something of Paul, and felt an interest in him ; thought him a fine young fellow, who would be a pleasant kind of neighbour, and likely to work some changes which were needed in the country. For. die first few hours after his arrival, Paul was in high spirits, and won golden opinions from Sir John. He was pleased with all he saw, pleased to get rid of Katherine, and to know that to-morrow he should return without her to Monasteriea. Above all he was glad to find himself happy. Miss Archbold played hostess, as her mother was not well enough to appear. Her father praised her looks, declar ing that die air of Monasteriea had done her good ; did not reproach her, or remark in any way upon die manner in which she had chosen to leave her home. The only thing that clouded Sir John's enjoyment was Paul's de termination to return die next day whence he had come. No persuasion would induce him to think of remaining longer than diis one night. The master of Camlough was vexed at his obstinacy, but Katherine said carelessly to her father as she left die dinner-table : ' Oh do not trouble about it; believe me he will stay !':..-. ' After dinner, Katherine, her father, and Paul set out for a ride about die estate in the long soft light of die early summer evening, so that Paul might make die most of die few hours at Camlough. The excursion was a pleasant one, till on their returning homeward in the dusk, a wild-looking man flung himself suddenly before Paul's horse, throwing up his arms and uttering curses upon the whole race of die Finistons. Paul, always sensitive to the feelings of the poor towards himself, started with a great shock, and urged on his horse past diis evil-wisher, who seemed to have started out of die furze-bushes to banish his content ment. Sir John lingered behind, and after some parleying with the wayfarer, rode after his visitor, and rejoined him with a grave countenance. 'Lam sorry to hear this,' he said ; ' I have learned from die man diat Simon Finiston is evicting the people.' ' Is evicting ?' said Paul, in amazement. ' Yes. This very day ; die man says so. Tn-j own wife and children are among a hundred who have been turned out, without notice, upon die hills. He was working else where, and has been Running all day on his way to Tobereevij. This is bad indeed. I bad hoped you might have had influence to prevent such iniquities.' Now this was many weeks before die real evictions took place at Tobereevil ; but here is one of die many occasions on which rumour declares that a tiling has actually occurred long before it is possible that it can have happened. A whisper of Simon's intention had blown over the mountains, and had taken die shape of the tragic story which Sir John nad now told to Paul. A dark flush overspread die young man's face, and his head sunk on his breast He seemed stunned by diis news, die truth of which he nener thought of doubting, and did not speak again until they arrived at die castle door. By diat time die stunned feeling had left him, and his mind was in a flame. This iniquity had been done under bis very eyes, and he had not seen it. He had been warned and had not striven against the danger. His weakness in . temporising with .die miser at last -interview now appeared to him as a crime of die darkest hue. His cowardice had wrought die evil, and die sin was on his head.' Not all Sir John's polite efforts, not all Katherine's fascinating attentions, could restore to Paul the good spirits which he had enjoysd only an hour ago. He said good-night to his entertainers while it was yet early, and retired to the chamber which was prepared for him. When there, however, he did not go to rest, but walked feverishly about die room, thinking on bis own weakness and on die sad case of the poor, and loading himself with the bitter est reproaches. When at last he flung himself an his bed he was ill in mind and body ; and when morning came die guest was found un able to leave his room. Thus began a fever which wasted Paul's strength for two or three weeks. Katherine was in great dismay, so much so that her father was surprised in a great degree, never having seen her show feeling for any one before. His ;oncem as to die sick man was increased by ' this anxiety of his daughter. He agreed to all her arrangements, sent for the country ioctor who attended to his own gout, and who lived on die western side of die Golden Moun tain, inviting this gentleman to spend a fort night at the castle. To' die servants anePout door retainers it was merely said diat the guest had got a cold. This was Katherine's wish, so Sir John made a point of it, though he could not understand it ; and every care was taken to prevent a rumour of serious illness getting abroad. Katherine's old nurse sat by Paul's bedside night and day, and Katherine herself often stole in and sat motionless behind the curtains, with looks so pale and distracted diat no one could have any doubt but that die patient's life was at least as dear to her as her own. And it was understood diat Miss Arch bold was engaged to Mr. Finiston. At last, after much suffering, Paul was able to rise from his bed. He was very weak in body and mind, but diis was to be expected for a time. Sir John gave him his arm as he walked up and down die lawn, and Katherine. waited on him with dainties. But as die in violating days of early summer passed over his head, and his body became strengthened, it was found very strangely diat his mind did not regain its natural balance. His memory was a blank, his thoughts could not fix them selves on any thing for more than an instant It was some time before Sir John, could per suade himself diat diis failure of mental powers was so complete and unvarying as it proved it self to be. There were moments when Paul seemed dimly conscious of an extraordinary change within himself, and struggled to shake off the cloud which had settled on his brain, to remember whence he had come, and how he had brought himself to Camlough. But as days went by even diis slight effort became too much for him. The past dropped away from him and left him at least in peace. He was placid and calm, sometimes silent for long loors ; sometimes talking with curious sim plicity of die things around him. He shrank from society, spending his time roving aim lessly through die hills and little glens, or losing himcpif among die high green walls of die beech alleys. Lady Archbold, who had re covered from the attack of illness which joy had brought upon her, pronounced Paul a simpleton, and wondered why Katherine had brought him to , the place ; but Sir John re buked her for so rash -a judgment 'You do not 'understand, my dear. He came here as intelligent a young man as could be found. This is only die effect of illness, and will pass away. For Katherine's sake we must be patient with him.' Lady Archbold refused to believe in die en gagement She did not wonder diat Katherine should have bewitched him away from May, but she looked on Paul as a beggar as well ' as a simpleton. Sir John considered that it was time to change her mind, and took her to walk with him down the terraces in the glow of the setting sun, while two peacocks strutted be hind them with their magnificant tails spread. 'Do you not notice how Katherine is altered?' said Sir John. 'Her heart is engaged, at last, and for diat we must be thank ful. A worthy affection, will make her all that we can desire.' : ' I had no idea yon were so exceedingly un worldly,' answered his wife. ' I'do' not pretend to be altogether un worldly. I could not afford it now. But tins,, thing is fortunate 'from a worldly point of view|3 $ 'Fortunate!' j 'My love, do*not publish our conversation. I know a good deal of the history of Tobere eviL Its owners have been hoarding- treasures for over three hundred years. They have spent literally -nothing. Paul Finiston is. the heir — in a short time will be master ; and be seems quite untainted by die besetting' sin of his family. I predict a noble career for him, and I cannot but think it happy diat my fortunes should be linked with his. I have not gone to seek him, nor forced my daughter's fancy. She has had her own way, as I have always allowed her to have it If die result is satisfactory you are not to call me worldly.' After this Lady Archbold no longer called Paul a simpleton, but became anxious to see his virtues and to behold his mind restored to health ; die welfare of Katherine being, as usual, her only care. Nevertheless Paul did not grow wiser nor less fantastic in his ways. He would pass hour after hour picking pebbles from die rocks and throwing diem into die sea. He would sit high up in the hills, and hold converse with the sheep. The herds were half-afraid of him, though they liked him, for besides his singing to the sheep diey often heard him declaiming to the mountains ; with' head thrown back, and arms folded on his breast, addressing the ' unconscious cliffs in lofty language. Whilst he rambled about in this* way Katherine wasi-ften seen hovering at a little distance. She followed him about like a nurse trying to guard a refractory child of whom she had some dread. She scarcely ever lost sight of, but sddom ventured to approach him. Her face had grown very white, and lost a great deal of its beauty, and her eyes had got a strangely timorous look. The peo ple talked qnite openly about Miss Archbold's engagement to a fool. She had been over hard -to please, and now her heart was set on an idiot It was wonderful to see so meek, so absorbed in her care of one person, being' never angry now, except when she heard whis pers about her fool. Then she would 'fly into such a fury that every one fled from before her face. ... When many weeks had. gone past, the parents of Katherine consulted as to what steps ought to be taken in Paul's, case. . The' doctor prescribed amusement and excitement ; so the heads of die people at. -Camlough- began Jo devise plans for the diversion of this demented young man. t . Things were just in this 'state 'when Bid arrived at Camlough, with her basfet xm tier; arm. She hoped to tempt the maids to buy of her wares ; at all events her merchandise was to be the excuse for her appearance, and coining over die lower hills that sjoped to wards die castle it chanced diat she met Paul face to face. She curtsied to him and- nodded at him, but he never gave her a glance. ' The change in his looks struck fear to die heart of his simple friend. ' Misther Paul !' said Bid, following him, ?' don't you remember me ?' ' He stopped and gazed at her, and shook his head. ' I never saw you before,' he said, and walked on with his head drooped' on his breast ' Oh, Heavens ! what is this !' cried Bid. ' Misther Paul !' she said, following him again, ' I seen Miss May yesterday. You never forgot yer own Miss May ?' Panl turned and stared at her again, with die same blank look in' his eyes.' 'I don't know what you mean,' he said. ' Oh mother o' God ! have you forget her !' cried Bid ; but Paul noticed her no more, only walked on and : left her, and die old woman .sat down on die heather and wept till her -eyes were sore. A milkmaid was coming over the hills with her milk-pail on her head. She stopped -and looked at Bid, and asked her why she was crying. Poor Bid was too sorrowful to think of anything but die truth. ' I met Misther Paul,' she said^ ' an' not a bit he knew me.' ' Wirra whist, ould woman, don't you know that the man is mad ?' Now, indeed, it was Bid's turn to question ; but for May's sake she . remembered diat she must be wise. She accepted the milkmaid's invitations to the castle, and sold a pair of blue glass ear-rings on die spot. She was brought into die kitchen, and afterwards had an invita tion to the housekeeper's private room, where she disposed of all her- jewellery, and was hospitably entertained. When she started to return homewards she had learned all that could be learned as to Paul's unhappy state^ ? As she came homewards over the mountains her bead was dizzy with grief. Paul Finistoij mad ! How could she carry such' news to May. The hope of die country was gone on the . wind, but for the moment-she- -thought May's die hardest share of die trouble. ' . ' Shell break her bit o' a heart,' said Bid^ ' She'll torn to die wall an' die.' ? i When die old woman came to die end of her weary journey, and walked up die- garden pa?h, she saw die blinds were still down in-the cottage at Monasteriea, and she knew that May was no better dian when she had left her. So Bid crept round t« die back door as before, and stepped noiselessly into die kitchen. This time Bridget had no need to put her finger on her lip, for Bid's spirits were so crushed diat she was as quiet as a ghost. Miss Martha came to her presently and sent her into May's chamber. Poor Bid had little art to break her terrible news. She told it out bluntly, in a burst of sympathetic sorrow. 'Oh, my dear,' she said, 'tiiere's little use in goin' to look for Paul. He's strayin' about yon bills like a iamb that's lost its mother. He doesn't know you nor me, nor e'er a wan belongin, till him. They say he's promised in marriage to yon bould cruel hussy that took him away wid her out o' here, an' she walkin' about afther-him like a cat after a mouse. But a woman might as well many hersel' till our poor Con at home. God sees it's the black word to come out o' my mouth to yer ear, but our diver gintleman has no more sinse left nor a fool.' May sat up in her bed, devouring every word diat fell from Bid. The old woman glanced at her fearfully, as if she feared the news would kill her on the spot. ' I knew it;' said May, quietly. ' I knew it was not bis own will that did it. Now, Bid, I'll get well. Open that window wide, and bring me something to eat' (To be Continued.) 