THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S LECTURES. TIIE GALATIAN LAPSE. There was a very largo attendance at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, on the occasion of the delivery by the Bishop of Melhonrue of the second of his series of lectures on the Gala- tian Lapse. The Bishop said, — Wo have to ask to-day the question, what was the influence under the impulso of. which the Galatians fell ? And that brings us into the very heart of a contro versy, now. indeed, in its unniediatod antagonism, a thing of the past, but still living on. find revived this very year by Pro fessor Plltiderer, not in Berlin, where ho is Professor of Theology, but in London. The theory of the earlier Tubingen school, that there was a bitter feud between the apostles of tho circumcision and of tho uncircumcision, and an irreconcilable opposition between their doctrines, may now be regarded, to use the words of Archdeacon Farrar, " as a religious romance," founded on the words of tho epistle, in chap. II, verse xii. " for before that certain came from James." 1 am, far, however, from thinking that tho controversy aroused by the publication of that romance was useless. It brought out a great deal that was interesting about the currents of opinion in the primitive church. It showed us that the church of tho first century, instead of enjoying that purity and peace which we fondly attribute to it, was even more distracted by disputes and slanders than that of our own time ; that the golden age is quite as much a dream in the history of the Christian Church as in tho traditions of classical poetry ; that human nature has never for long been less intractable than we find it ; and that, especially, tho Apostle Paul was pursued and persecuted by a Christian sect, with an unscrupulous and malignant hatred which might even have excited surprise amongst ourselves. I see that Professor Pfleiderer still believes, not only that tho Gospel according to St, Luke was an irenicon between tho Paulino Gospel according to St. Mark and tho anti- Pauline Gospel according to St. Matthew, but also that when St. James wrote "Ye see that by works a man is justi fied, and not by faith only," ho made a direct polemical reference, not to those who had abused St. Paul's doctrine, but to that apostle himself. I can see no sufficient justification for such conclusions. They appear to me to be the last survivals of a theory being rapidly driven out of the field of thought, and only now interesting as forcing us to contemplate steadily initial differences in Christian doctrine which we might otherwise overlook or treat too lightly. That there was a difference of mental attitude and disposition between St, Paul and St. James, and that this difference in the nature of the two men expressed itself in tho form of their teaching, and carried them not seldom into sym pathy with opposite sides, is, 1 believe, all but demonstrated. That there is not, for instance, in the whole epistle of St. James a Single direct reference either to the incarnation, the atonement, justification by faith, or the con flict between tho flesh and the spirit, is a fact which speaks volumes. To review the con troversy left us by the Tubingen school would be, however, an endless and unprofitable task. Instead therefore of wasting your time in such an effort, I will endeavor to "lay before you as concisely as I can the true history of the rise and progress of the Jewish Christian opposition to St. Paul, It will be necessary to begin with the apostle's own proof of tho independence of that preaching which he calls ' his gospel." It is cortainly startling, when wo come to think of the matter closely, to bo told by ono who never inow tho Lord in the flesh, that ho neither received tlio truth which he preached from man, neither was he taught it, but '-by the revelation of Jesus Christ." What can the apostle mean ? we are disposed to ask. Does he mean that he knew nothing whatever of what tho Lord said nnd did while Ho was upon earth? If so, how can he be a Christian ; where can he have learned tho spiritual principles of his Master's teaching-? Surely in that case, ho ought to lay claim to be an original founder, and not a mere disciple of Jesus Christ. So far. however, is tho apostle from making any such claim, that thore is not one of tho twelve of whom we could say as unreservedly as of St. Paul that he entirely lost himself in the Saviour. He not only calls himself the ' slave" of his heavenly Master, declaring that he is determined to know nothing among men but "Jesus Christ and Him crucified," but he looks upon all his work as the mere outflow of Christ's energy, and upon Iris own spiritual existence even as nothing but an indwelling of Christ within his soul. If, then, he owes everything to Christ, and yet gained nothing from men, can he mean to say that he was made to live over again in vision the whole earthly career of his Master, and so, as it were, to see and hear for himself at first hnnd? No shadow of such a claim is anywhere made. What, then, does St. Paul mean by claiming independence for his gospel? I think wo are compelled to con clude that when ho spoko of his gospel as distinct from that of others, ho was referring to that special form of truth into which tho great spiritual principles and doctrines connected with his master's life and death had been cast in the course of his own meditation and teaching. Baur himself observes that St. Paul must have been well acquainted with the outward facts of his Master's earthly career. These he might easily have learnt, if, indeed, he needed then to learn them, while staying with Ananias at Damascus after his conversion. But every ordinary Christian knew these facts. And to know them was to be a long way still from St. Paul's conception of his Master's eternal relation to mankind. Many vital questions would remain still to be asked. How had Christ's death and resurrection affected tho application of tho principles of his teaching? How had his relation to tho church boon changed by the outpouring of Pentecost ? Above all, how was a Christian's relation to tho law altered by tho death of Him who bore its curse? Upon this last question especially the Lord had left no ex plicit instructions. He had said indeed that His kingdom was to be as widens tho world. But then, as every Jew hoped that obedience to tho law would ho equally universal, there was nothing in more universality to limit legal obligation. No doubt Jesus hnd carried his spiritualising of the law so far as to imply in effect its abolition. For what would bocome, for instance, of all that mass of legal pre cepts, which implied service at the temple, if in the new era men were to worship tho Father neither at Samaria, nor at Jerusalem Or how would a law command universal and perpetual respoct of any portion of which it could be truthfully said that it was not good in itself, hut only "added because of the hardness of men's hearts;'1 Still all this was so fur mere matter of inference. And before men will surrender the habits, and especially tho privileges of ages and generations, they demand an authority more explicit than mere inference. To a thoughtful man, taking this into account, the immediate outlook of Christianity at the period of St. Paul's conversion was very grave indeed. No doubt it had made many converts among the chosen people. But then all theso wero zealots for tho law. They frequented the temple services and sacrifices, kept the Sabbaths and ordinances, observed all the national laws anil customs, and, in a word, appeared most likely to their neighbors to havo become the better Jews for having turned Christians. This appears all tho more likely from tire fact tliat after n fihurt, sharp spasm of persecution, oi which tho chief victims were first Stephen, and then after an interval James, the Church of Jerusalem had peace for twenty years. Christians, indeed, in Jerusalem would appear to their neighbors, and probably to themselves to he that portion of Israel who believed that tire long expected Messiah had come in Jesus of Nazareth, had sanctified their hearts by His spirit, nnd would soon come again to restore the kingdom to Israel. There was nothing in such "a position as this, either on the one side to excite bitter animosity or on tho other to impel Christians to separ ate themselves from tbo luw ; and it really seemed for a moment as if the mighty enthu siasm of Penticost might sink into respect able legalism, as if Christianity might ho strangled in its cradle by the iron hand of tbo law — as if it might sink into an obscure Jewish sect, and disappear in the national ruin, instead of breaking its fetters, spreading its mighty spiritual pinions and claiming the universal heaven as its home. But then, jnst at tho crisis, tho Divine Lord of the Kingdom fulfilled His eternal counsel by the miraculous capture (to uss a Pauliue figure) of the Great Ajrostle of tho Gentiles. To St. Paul, from that hour, Jesus Christ was not the mere Jewish master who had taught and lived by the lake and ou the hills of Galilee, but the DiTinc Man from heaven, tho risen conqueror, who had arrested him in his career of persecu tion, and Bent him to labor at the ends of tho earth. Not then to those Judaran teachers did ho go, who were apparently settling down into a received position among the Jews, but away into the far Arabian wilderness — away I believe, like Elijah, to tho terrible rocks of desert Sinai itself. There ho would be still- away from tho noise and babble of the world. Thore alone with God ho would commune with his own heart on tho moaning of tho awful blessed thing which had happened to him. There, in those stern desolations, which spoke so solemnly of the law's iron demands, he would ponder the relations of God's ancient word to the soul-shaking thoughts which under Divine inspiration were shaping themselves within him. Ho had a present to realise, a past to understand ; and in tho light of both a great vague, heart-troubling future to anticipate. There he lived, thought, and prayed, how long we know not. hut longououghut least to enabio him to gain a firm spiritual bold of the truth lie was seeking — the relation, viz., of his risen and glorified Lord to his own heart, to the word of God, to the Christian Church, and to the miserable dying heathen world. Then, after threo years, be wout to Jerusalem to see Peter, and abode with him ten days, A blessed season of refreshing, we cannot doubt, for the solitary and thought- vexed man. For not less by his sunny Christian sympathy than by his affectionate memories of their common master, St. Peter must have comforted the heart and enlarged the knowledge of tho mighty con vert. His visit would seem to have been for tho Apostle Paul un almost private ono, for other of the Apostles, he tells us, he saw none in tho course of it, sava James the Lord'6 brother. Now the Apostle skips a long and, for him, somewhat stormy period, that of his first call to missionary work, and that of his first Gentile mission iu comeany with Barnabas. On their return to Antioch tho Apostles are first con fronted by that Jewish Christian opposition which was henceforth to he tiro worst earthly cross which St. Paul was called upon to hear. Certain men cams uown from Judea, who began to teach tho Gentile brethren at Antioch that it was necessary for them to ho circumcised. Paul and Barnabas resisted this claim with all their might. From what we know of the former wo tnay he sure thnt ho would have resisted it to tho end hnd he stood alone in tlio church nnd in the world. But in that event tho Christian church must have boon divided into two camps, which, instead of joining thoir forces to assail sin and ignorance, would have exhausted each other in mutual conflicts. This must bo avoided at all hazards. It was resolved, therefore, to refer the whole question in dispute to the Apostles and elders in Jerusalem. Thorefortbofirstandoniytimein his life, St. Paul met the three great pillars of the Christian church— Peter nnd John nnd James, the Lord's brother, two of these four at least being the greatest prophets and thinkers of their time. Never, in all her stormy history, has a greater crisis overtaken tho church. For the issuo to bo decided was not. loss than this — Whether the church oi Christ should remain a Jewish sect or become a world wide kingdom. The action of the Apostlo Paul . was as wise as it was self- effacing. He went at onoe to the leaders of tho Christian Church, nnd communicated to them clearly what that Gospol was which he had boen preaching omong tho Gentiles. At once they accepted it ns tho truth, and gave to him and Barnabas tho right hand of fellowship. At the council which waB assembled to consider tho matter, Paul anl Barnabas, with admirable wisdom, said nothing about principles, hut con fined themselves to giving a faithful account of the manner in which God the Holy Ghost had blessed their preaching. With good and pines men this is always a powerful argument. It was the fait accompli which Hilcnced those who ob jected that Peter had eaten with men tincii cum- cisetl in tho. house of Cornelius. " The Holy- Ghost fell on them," cried tho apostle, " anil who was I that X could resist God ! It yvas sub stantially the same argument which was ad vanced now by Paul und Burnabas, and to it, wo may suppose, even more than to the Pauliue address of St. Peter, was it due tlmt opposition faded away. The matter seemed to .ho decided by Apostolic authority and tho act of God. But then arose James, and though ho has nothing to urge either against the principles oi Peter or tlio acts of Paul, he is obviously not pre pared to advance as far as either in practice. He proposes accordingly a compromise, which, while affirming tbo liberty of the Gentiles, shall leave Jewish converts to hve as they have lived hither to ; providing, moreover, that for charity's sake, to avoid giving offence to Jewish brethren, tho Gentiles shall observe certain restrictions in eating. Substantially this was a victory for St. Paul. On tho main point of tho obligation of circumcision, it affirmed tho freedom of the Gentiles. And at first, perhaps, this might have seemed all which was necessary. Time, however, soon revealed the essential weak ness of this compromise. In such a church, for instance, as that at Antioch, where Jewish and Gentile Christians mixed at meals, nnd specially at the Agapa;, dissension might ut any time be in trod aee.l by Jewish brethren. They might urge that to a proper keeping of tho law, separation from the meals of tho uncircumcised, oven when those uncir- cumeise.l where Christian brethren, was an absolute necessity. Relaxations might ho permitted no doubt to the weakness of the poor Gentiles, hut still, you know, if they were askcil privately their own opinion of such Christianity, they must say that the less they bad to do with it the hotter. At Jeru salem, under the presidency of the Lord's own brother, they felt themselves in the Kingdom of God, but at Antioch, or Ephesus, or any of thoso objectionable places in the Gentile outlands, while they would not posi tively say that they preferred synagogue to church, still it welt nigh came to that. They might, indeed, worship with such disciples, but as for eating with them, that they would never do, and Ihev looked anxiously for the time when the luaderS of the church, discovering theirmis- tnke, would revert to the holy strictness of the yet uncorrupted Church of Jerusalem. Mean while, how was St. Paul treating this ques tion of allowed Jewish conformity ? More and more ho spoke of tho law ns a mere national code, good perhaps for tho Jews so long as then- national polity subsisted, but binding no man, whether horn a Jew or a Gentile. Regeneration of hoart could never he obtained along the lino of obedience to law. In the battle against sin, law was nothing, and circumcision was nothing, hut only fnith, whioh worketh by lovo. A Gentile Christian was bound to avoid oiroumcision and holiday keeping, in order to show that ho trusted only in the grace of Christ. What bitter exasperation such teaohing would pro duce among Christian Phariscos we can oasily conceive. That the Gentllu Christians in the name of Paul should brush aside their scruples, and laugh at their airs of superiority, would bo far worse than if somo irreverent nonconformist or low churchman should rudely tell a ritualist nowadays that his religion was not one of clothes and postures, but of heart and life. Worse, I say, because tho ritualism to which these Ch istian Pharisees clung so tenaciously was that of an alien faith. They could not call themselves Mosaists, and yet they wanted to livo as Mosaists, and to impose a Mosaic manner of life upon all others— an inconsistency of which they must havo been latent)' conscious, and which must have made them all the more ready to take offence because it exposed them to a crushing an swer. At length tho position became so intolerable, that they resolved to endure it no longer, but to make an end of it at once by crushing Paul, its chief defender, before liiB ndmiror3 at Antiooh. Their plot was astutely conceived. Not a word would they say against the decreo of tho council. The Gentiles should attend their unclean ban quets without u word of protest from them. But then they would claim and publicly oxorclse thoso rights, of which, tliank God, tho docroo hnd not deprived them. By care fully abstaining from attendance "at nil Gentile ineals thoy would mortify the pride j of these up-.tarta, and teach them their I natural inferiority. The time for this de- ! mons'tration was craftily chosen. Peter and 1 Paul nnd Barnabas were all at Antioeli, and ! what thoy openly (lid in the presence of ! these great leaders could never afterwards ! he celled in qnostiou Day by day, then, : tlio Jewish plotters passed tho public botrds of tho Gontiles with cold and reserved demeanor, carefully separating them- sclvos, and doubtless malting as much stir as they could aboat their ostentatious cere- nionialisms. Can you not easily realise the im mense effect rf such conduct upon tho Gentile brethren? Do as they would, they could not help respecting a Jew. Was not tho Lord Jesus a Jew? Was not Paul, thoir great teacher, a Jew? Was not the mother church of the whole Christian world still Jewish? And who were they, aliens born out of due time, to look down upon tho children of the covenant? As then they saw the delegates from Jerusalem pass ing by tho rooms where they ate, with ill-re pressed disgust, what a chill must it have struck to tlio heart of their brotherly love — How it must havo filled them with perplexed humiliation ! Nor was this tho worst. Peter, the impressions!)1?, felt himself in so false a position witen theso Jewish aristocrats passed by him at tho Gentilo tables, that not to alienate the circumcision, be. too, passed away to tho separate meals. How could he bear to meet his warmest friends and ablest supporters at Jerusalem with a cloud on their faces? Their friendship, at all events, ho must not lose. Peter thus gone, Barnabas began to waver. Certainly it did not seem a privilege to ha able to eat with either Jews or Gentiles, us one pleased. No gentilo could go to tho exclusive table. Might he not then even increase his influence with tlio Gontiles by showiug that that table was open to hiin as well us to Peter? So, as one after another fell away, the poor Gentiles felt themselves thrnst into an inferior place. They' were ma e to feel thnt there was a church within a church, and that if they would advance into the holy place they must consent to bo cir cumcised, and keep tho whole law. A clerorer plot was never laid ; and had it not been for one man there can bo little doubt thut Us succsss would have converted tho Christian Church from that day onward into a Jewish sect, with tho rjsen Jesus for its Messiah. Tho truth of God was put in dauger; the hope of the world was being darkened ; humanity was being robbed of its best treasure. But "Paul was not tho man to stand hv silently and soe suoh a thing done. So up ho rose tn tho midst of them, at somo meeting doubtless which was not a meal, and where all, including f'e npostlos, wore as sembled. Not a word does ho vouclt-afe to the aristocrats. They, with their nurrow- souled oxelusivoness, had acted after their kind, and what Ihev did mattered only to a few. But that Peter, tho foremost man in Christendom, the man miraculously chosen to ndmit the Gen tiles to the Christian church, the man whoso poworful pleading at tho council had saved the Gentiles' freedom — that he should believo one thing and do anuthcr was intolerable. Him ut once, then, Paul attacks. You are a Jew, ho erics i if then in times past you have eaten freely with the Gentiles, seeing no harm in it, low j is it now that by your example you are teaeh- i ing those Gcutiles that they ought to live as j Jews? Do you think that if you oreate a ; higher sacerdotal caste In tho church all these < ignOrant people will net ho anxious to press into it? Besides, the evil is not only a practical, it is much more, a doctrinal one. If you observe thee prosaic restrictions you acknowledge the binding obligation el the ocremonial law. Now, I appeal to you as an honest man. do you belie that ? Nay, do wo not both know that is yonr faith, as it is urine, that "a man is not justified bv worts of law, hut by the faith of Jesus Christ?" How, then, can you be so unfaithful to your In.st as tu put it in peril by your equivocal conduct ? It may seem little to us, perhaps, after all these "years, when the fierce passions of the primitive age have burnt themselves out, that tit. Paul had tho courage to stand forth, nnd ill the presence of the arrogant Pharisees, to rebuke their greatest leader to his face. But uot the less was it a grand and hcroio deed ; aud not tho less did it carry with it far reaching and momentous consequences. Tho whole Jerusalem plot was blown to pieces. These men could never afterwards creop into CU utile churches und allege that the great Feter had refused to cat with tbo uncircum cised, while their audacious champion, Paul, had held his peace. No, the result was of the very opposite kind. Peter was too honest a man to carry deception or unreality one stop further, wheu once its inception had been faithfully pointed out to him. And there fore, from tliat time onward, the gratified Gentiles could report that tlio att mpt to create a Jewish oastc in tire church had in deed once been made at Antioch with the tacit support of Peter and Barnabas, but that as soon as Paul had lifted up his thnndcr- voice of truth all hnd submitted to it, and once more the Agapoe were eaten in common. With the heart of a woman, wheu his dear children forgot him or treated him uukindly, Paul had the courage of an archangel when tho truth of God was endan gered. Mobs wore nothing to him, nnd very little more were kings anil procurators, but to have stood fortlr thus alone, not only against Peter, but also his own true yokefellow, Barnabas — to have thrown uot only all fear, but all friendship to the winds, wheu loyalty to tho Lord Jesus demanded it, proves the apostle to have been one of those great and linely-teinpcrcd souls, very rarely fashioned in our bumau clay, by which God executes the purposes of eternity. Mnuy wero the lands and fortunes through which the glorious apostle was to pass before his ocxt and his bitterest trial from the Christian Pharisaic party was to como upon him. At first that party seems to have been paralysed by tho terriblo blow which St. Fuul had dealt it. For of their movements during the three years of iheuuos'lu's Ephesian miuistry we know little or notcing. At Ephesus, iu the school of Tyraunus, tit. Paul had time uot only to preach to men from all parts of Greece aud Asia, but also gradually and in sensibly to boat o':' into ported fan, i and clear expresnion those views of human regeneration IhroUjh Christ which ho afterwards pouted forth with such perfect mastery in the epistles oi Gelatin nud Rome. His own thoughts, I cannot out believe, were gradually cleariug themselves of every coufusiug asso ciation. Their change in a positive dircution may not have bee marked, but us his greater epistles show, they were becoming negatively sharper und lo.ss tolerant of unconformable elements. They were falling, too, into sys tematic shape, finding tneir logical relation to each other and the great thoughts of the earlier dispensation. Should any new need arise, the apostlo would be iuund ready to striko harder and straigliter than over before. Aud soon a very terrible need approached; Tho Pharisaic Christian party were changing their tactics. St. Paul in person thev dared not meet. His word was a thuuderboft which shattered their flimsy sophisms to pieces in a moment. But none the less they hated him, and were resolved upon destroying his influence. Ho might ho great, but he was not ubiquitous, and the plau they now resolved on was charac teristic ot the slow, persistent, deadly hate of baffled fanatics. While ho was making his flue orations iu the school of Tyranuus, and shining like a star before the motley crowd3 of Ephesus, they would qu etly creep into the churches which he had leit undefended in Greece and Galatia. No doubt it seemed to them that ho had broken tbo terms of the Jerusalem compromise, far what else than that was it to deprive them practically of tliat Jewish privilege of exclusiveuess which the compromise had leit untouched? They would, therefore, on their side, pay us little heed to its concessions. They would insist everywhere that the Gentiles must be circum cised; and keep the whole law. But how were they to gain a hearing among St. Paul's own disciples? They must endeavor to discredit his person, and undermine his apostolic authority. Tho Second Epistlo to the Corin thians and that to the Galatians exhibit fully their modus operandi. St. Paul, tbey alleged, was no apostlo at ail. He had never seen tho Lord, except in some vision which he was fond of talking about. So far indeed was he from being an apostlo that he got his mission only from the subordinate ohurh of Antioch. Let him show letters testimonial, if ho had any, like thoso they could themselves produce from tho mother church of Jerusalem, aud James, the Lord's own brother. What was tho worth of all Paul's arrogant boasting in tho face of such proved defects as these? Again ho was teaching heresy. He told men that thoy need not keep the law. But who was it who had said that not one jot or tittlo should by any mean9 pd3S away from tho law till all wero fulfilled? Nay, his own practico condemned him. Who had oiroumcisod Timothy ? Who had beoomo as a Jew to Jows that hj might win Jews? He was a slippery and deceitful man, and as comtempt- iblo iu spuoeh and presence as lie was heretical and untruthful in teaching. Nay, worse, did they not obsorvo how craftily he disposed of tho alms which ho professed to father for the poor saints at Jerusalem ? It was all very well for him to work ostentatiously for his own bread, but-let them inquire what became of the money which he professed to forward by Titus to Jerusalem. Wero thoy going to bo the bond slaves of suoh a charlatan as this? Wore thoy going to allow themselves to bo sepa rated by him from the holy severity of the glorious ohureh at Jerusalem ? Let them turn whilo yet there was timo, repudiate this sham apostle's authority, aud rest once more in the unity of Zion. How vile a tissue of false insinuations this was we know full well. But we can never know the anguish of heart with which tho apostle first heard, after his flight from Ephesus, that such things as these had been believed of him by his own children in the faith. Tho mischief was bad enough at Corinth. But in Galatia everything for the moment seemed to he lost. Nothing had been easier than to play upon tho fickleness nud credulity of these ignorant Gauls. Tho new ritual which the Judaisers brought pleased them ns a new toy pleases a child, and it promised them, beside, a now religion of forms far more easy to observe than the severe and lofty principles ot spiritual Christianity. What was the Uj)0stle to do? Hp was in Macedonia when all this disastrous intelligence poured in upon him. In his indignation, then, and anguish he sat down and wrote, first the 2nd Epistle to tho Corinthians, then that, to tho Galatians, nnd then at no great distance of time, in a quieter toue, that systematic expansion of tho Epistlo to the GalatianB, which he sent to Rome. So, the church won some of her greatest treasures out of tile envenomed hale of these despicable christian Pharisees, tit. Paul at once throws all compromise to the winds. He will keep no terms with such men. They havo accused him of vacillating statements. Ho will put it out of their power, at any rate, to mako that statement again. His words shall he such as no human being can mistake. Indeed the crisis was of such a kind as to make tho very plainest speech a simple necessity. Tho issuo raised was ono of life or death, of gospel or no gospel, of freedom or bondage, of enlvation or destruction. Not only those poor wavering Gauls, hut the whole church— yea, the whole human race was interested iu the result. It seamed as though the cause of humanity had been com mitted by the fiat of Providence to the Apostle's single arm, nud by God's help ho would not he wanting. Drawing then the sword, and throwing away the scabbard, lie rushes to the front of battle, determined that ho will uot spare. " I marvel," he cries to tho foolish Gauls, "that ve are so soon moved away from Him that called vou to another gospel." " Oh, stupid Galatians," slaves of your senses, who can believe nothing you do not see, did 1 not paint up Jesus crucified before your eyes, in lineaments so largo, in colors so vivid, that you could mako no mistake? Who, then, hath bewitched you with his evil eye ? How is it that vou aro turning from the spirit to tho flesh, from freedom to bondage, from Sarah to Hagar? Hotv, having onco known God, are ye turning again to tho beggarly elements to which ye desire to bocome bond slaves ? Law and circumcision, weeks and mouths "and years, fasts, sacrifices, festivals and Sabbaths— I tell you they are all nought. " Neither cir- cumoisiou is anything, nor uncircumcision— hut a new creature." Will you toll me thnt surely you are no worse for oiroumcision, oven if you be no better? I deny it. I will not suffer you to be circumcised. " If you bo circumcised, you are debtors to do the whole law." " Be hold I, Paul, say unto you, if ye ho circumcised, Christ shall profit you uothing." Is that clear enough for you ? Or do you tvi3h mo to ho still more explicit ? Well, then, I tell you that your fine, now gospel is no gospel at aU. it is a fall from grace. It is an apostacy. He who teaches it is a traitor to Christ, and a foe to Christ's silly lambs who have gone bleating after him. Let him he anathema. And lest you should suppose this to be nothing more thau the utterance of au uncontrollable auger, I rejxjat it solemnly nnd deliberately, Let him he anathema— let him he cut off from the body of Christ. So he goes thundering over their heads, scattering all their newsprung con ceits and ill alienees ns the storm scatters I lie dry leaves of autumn, and drives theobsceue birds of niglit to the darkness of their nether cavos. As once before, by the terror of bis presence, so now l.y the might of his words, tit. Paul broke and mattered the dark hands of sacer dotal insolenco aud tyranny, and planted the flag of Spiritual freedom where it has been floating ever since — on the height of his glorious epistle. .What lessons his polemic hnd for his own time wo have seen; what lessons it has for us I must endeavor to ex plain in my next lecture. 