hiSNT^ QUEENSLAND NOTES. nOCKHAMPTON. Nov. 17. stilly Rockhauipton mignt described as a wooden city i kftve been j«sUy fih lts public Att ffareb°Sche3 and chapels were all ! b#»Ss' fo{ tbe one article. But we are l^'^fSthis changed from bene* \- coiDK t0"fa "rection of the Anglican Church, 'rbl eestone, 1ms had the effect ; «itb StanWC n lite a new industry in this Q and we have the pleasure part of Queensland, uu« -- ^_ fcjjelioM in many 01 our principal thorough 1 feres large stores and hotels, banks, news paper offices, &c.;, built entirely of briclr with ^toiie facings, which are, without doubt, ( credit to ltockharapton. Very shortly the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney W1I1 add another to the growing list The Pjtsbj terians, who are expected to be among tbe wealthiest of churchgoers, ore beginning to feel nsliftmed of worshipping in the. : irMiden building which now serves the 'imposes of a kirk in Derby-street, and have field a meeting, at which they have affirmed the necessity ot putting up a church worthy of themselves and of the cause they repre sent And in view of the busy times shortly j tobi entered upon by the building trade, Mr I Sanderson (proprietor of the Stan well quarry)! his recently imported new machinery for the I more rapid development ot his property. Somewhat more cheerful news reach me from the west, Slight rains have fallen in the Clermont district and Gordon Downs (Messrs. Conran liros. and Co.'e) station Tticli certainly was in great need of it, has benefited considerably trorn it. Farther on Isisford nlso showers have fallen ' \- - . S tbe indications are such as to g.ve fiers hope for a decided change through 5 the far west ere long. Wool is coming Sown to port in tolerably large quantities, I Zi if rain falls shortly some thousands ot j tales from Milo nnd Uundoon, and stations h the same remote part of the colony, 1 ijll Oml their way to Rockhampton in tbe course of the next month or two. Another matter of satisfaction is to be found in the continaally growing increase in the re-1 Mints on the central railway, showing that the farther west the line is pushed the larger rill be the return. Some people complain of the new arrangement whereby taainB are run onlvthree days a week instead of daily, but in this the Government have acted wisely. With telegraphic wires extended in almost every direction, and coach mails twice a week .tomany far western districts, there really Tas no absolute need for daily traina from terminus to terminus, and to continue them Tas to perpetuate a useless expense. , Biackellis getting up a little excitement! | over the Barcoo election. Mr. Frank Murphy is not to have a walkover, as some antici pated, but there is not much doubt as to the (position his opponent, Mr. Banks, will "occupy when tbe returning officer declares I [Hastate of the poll on election day. Whether asasquatter, as a country gentleman, or as a ' } sportsman (and tbe Blacknll people venerate | a good sportsman much more conscientiously j than they do a clergyman), Mr. Frank! Murphy is held in hi^h esteem by the western .settlers, and, although Mr. Banks is in many I KHpects an estiaiab'e townsman, no oneseri .Offilj believes that he stands the ghost of a ciuce of representing the new constituency, at all events not while he has opposed to him a gentleman possessing so many superior j 'ifications, and the leisure and means to d to the duties of a legislator without! \--.0ra tax on the country. [By telegraph w [earn that Mr. Murphy has been elected.] the Government has come to the aid of Blackall in the matter of a supply of water. An engineer from the Works rtment was Bent up there some -~ smce, and it has now been resolved to purchase and despatch a borer to the district. mfSn will be sunk at different points «u iuc uarcoo. , , ThetownBhip of Gracemere, on the central | railray, was the scene of a considerable i wteinK of holiday folk on the 9th lnst. when a capital day's racing waB provided for their entertainment They carry out _ most matters in this usually prosperous district in a very Bncceaslul manner, but they could scarcely do otherwise where they have bucU seli-made men as Messrs. J. O'Shanesy, Ed ward Cross, M. Riley, and J. Rutherford working together for the attainment of a singleobject There were six events "carded, | the principal being the Gracemere Handicap, i jhichvras won by Mr. F. Morgan's John M Mr. J. M. Hendrick's Slim Jim being second, The Bame horses occupied similar positions in the race for the Flying Stakes. Mining matters ate just now attracting Uttte attention in our immediate neighbour but a good crashing has been con daded at the Hit or MiBS claim, realising 4oz. to the ton for a tolerably large From the Norton goldfield (Glad s' district) encouraging reports are also Published, The last report of the ?Mdeu states:-"The Frampton United a crushing of 50 tons of quartz 6, return of. 85oz. 15dwt 12gr. 8, a new claim, has had a first cruen 2oz. to the ton. Tbe Advance Reef, M 2 Math, pat through the mill 103 tons 'or a y'eld of 214oz. There is on ?e France P.C, a pile ot over 100 tons to from the 320ft level, which looks to in!!! the ton. From private tele ff/wh I have been permitted to Bee I , ^eVenus claim, Clermont, which tWi ij 8 about half a dozen private ^Holders possessed of large means, ha8 tJ y'itp something quite astonishing, amilu Mving widened out into six feet, to iu?S exceedingly rich gold ; so much company have decided not to tottJiT any shares, and determined to go u Jf°° a*J extensive scale. leduwm ? Rearing news, which should ; Paato^i"1^1® ? present depressed Btate of j just reached me. It is! Eli68"8- Rros. nnd lloyds. We m.l^e district of Isisford, ItislnS^ ' , capping their flock with mZSJtnto;*, number of sheep Witm w t^e hands of the shearer Vn W» ^5.000, or an increase of 7,000 "mint tw. IS"' Klad to supple ta^6tifidP{rSgB0?rmati°n Whenever 1 Vho has taken a lively 9l6&nslan;<^ili exPlorations in Central last w .®?me *° town within the tt^4in a e,amP,e °f coal dis i?14 othpt n»Seil?hbourhoud' The locality §Pt»eeret wr 8 ?re' *ot ^ie present, ?5P& I ttiftv If ^ specimen. Mean ^lista .some Queensland ®' noff on a visit to Melbourne. L have been placed in possession of the facta connected with the discovery. . [A -report by our correspondent of the last meeting of the shareholders of the Hock hampton Frozen Meat Company will be found in the Yeoman columns, and a re ference to the first meeting of the local Cycling Club in the sporting column.] 