WARRBTAHBOOL. (FROM OUR OWK correspondent. ) _ October 5. That eminent congregational divine, the Rev. Frofessor Gosman, has been regaling the public here daring the put week with his eloquent sermons and practical speeches. The Rev. Professor is always listened to with pleasure, and is contemplated with some cariosity u being one of the hutun Af aiKa. ansa man eloquent, Jama Melbourne, when be an n n ally enters the arena of polemical theology. No one likes him the worse for bring in such wmpany as he of the "free and flashing eword, for the reason that their fulmlnations and false deductions 4t the only Bishop " 1?-,'>e. better understood by readers less akillea in the logic of divines. Professor Gas- man has always something to say in pulpit r fa? t?,e platform, and one is always the better of his discourses. He had little new to say, however, on tbe Education question. Taking f his presence here, the Bible in otate Schools League, induced him to lecture in 6 9 HalL It was the opening of tne lecture campaign which the League has organised against tbe iniquities of the Education Act. Professor Gosman said the flagging energies of those who had -chaige of the principles of the Leagae in Melboarne were often stimulated by the activity and hopefulness of the Warrnam- bool branch, where tbe movement first saw the Bnt; very little inspiration. I should think, could be got out of the meeting at the Odd Fellows Hall, where a "beggarly array of empty benches" greeted tbe eyes of the lecturer. A commonplace discourse was not expected from the professor, neither did we experience jC" none other than an eloquent advancement of the stock arguments in favour of the re-introduction of the Bible into the curriculum of the State schools, to arrest the tide of secularism which was sapping foun dations of both religion and morality. A vote of thanks was moved to the lectmer, by the secretary of the State Schools League, Mr. G. P. Barber, seconded by the Rev. G. Tait In questionable taste, an amendment was imme- diately proposed by Mr. J, Tyers, but no one seoonded this piece of discourtesy, the acclama tion which followed the putting of the vote faring the more fervent in consequence. Mr. W. F. Walker, the member for Booroon- dara, has been presiding at the Congregational festivities, having lrid tbe memorial atone of the new school-room and lunrir fan.)!, in con- nexion with the church, for which he received aaflrertroweL The memorial proceedings were highly successful, and tbe body in question must be congratulated in having built a very handsome and commodious hall, in which I hope to have the pleasure of hearing some good music occasionally. Mr. Walker waxed eloquent over this, his first visit to WarrnambooL The K. Keith Hackay, who is quite an entbu- rist regarding our scenery, otxrpresent resources, and future prospects, chaperoned the visitors to all the picturesque points, showed them the potato fields, our country lanes, and flourishing yeomanry, the bustling town, and the splendid seaward aspect together with the mn.tc'hlftgs pro menade which our aea viadact gives us now, and the pier will afford hereafter. These things the psitors saw in the teeth of a sou' wester, blind ing storm of rain and general climatic discom fort. Nevertheless, tbe Rev. R. K, Mackay roused the enthusiasm of bis guests, ftnp of whom Mr. Walker, has announced his intention of sojourning amongst ua at intervals. To tKu end, he is to purchase laud, and builds mansion, very shortly. He has come, he Ka« — awj has been conquered by the pietoresque flourishing aspect of our surroundings, and a strong desire, together with his amiable partner to participate in them— that is alL Some time ago I related the instance of a man named Cassidy not being able to endure the presence of his mother-in-law. who would live with her married daughter, submitting to in carceration rather tban contribute towards the support of bis family whieh included his wife's mother. The philosopher is still in durance, which, it seems, is not so vile to him as his female relative, who must be a veritable she- dragon. After nearly a month's sojourn in gaol, he still refuses to find sureties for a reversal of his conduct. 44 Stone walls do not a prison make " for Oasady, who thrives uncom monly well on prison fare and solitude. No more has been heard of the rrilway- station site petitions. The finishing touches have been put on the surveys for the station by Messrs. Tnlloch and party, who have now gone farther westward, surveying the line to Koroit. They were camped at Levis' Point, on the outskirts of the town, when the floods came down, and they were nearly having their camp washed away. I think it is nearly time the ghost of that Salt Challenge Cup was laid. The spectre has been pursued over hnsdreds of wiiIah of our fair western country, it has caused no end of trouble and dissension, and when cap tured, its intangibility is disappointing. When I last saw it, its condition very much resembled " the sabre of my aire " in the Grand Dnchess, and is certainly not worth while getting out of temper over. The Warrnambool C.G and your Hamfltonians are now at loggerheads over the guerdon, but it seems a letter has gone astray causing a breach in the negotiations and the existing misunderstanding. I hope the opening of the season may see it healed. The Hamilton and Warrnambool cricket dabs should have pleasant interchanges in pursuit of the never- dying sport. The foot-drQ which onr mounted infantry regiment has to undergo does not appear to be popular with tbe majority of tbe members. Only ten turned up at the brat parade last week. It is unfortunate that -this hitch should have occurred. Mr. James Jellie had succeeded in raiting over the required number of recruits, hut he is under the impression Colonel Price told him nothing abont the foot drill, and he reasons that it is like breaking faith with his comrades to make them undergo it now. Both Mr. Jellie and Colonel Price are very positive from their different standpoints, and it looks to me as if the misunderstanding would lead to a break-up of the corps, a course which Colonel Price him self hints at. Affaire in connection with the militia are going on all right. The men turn np well, are attentive to their duties. They are to have a gun -shed erected for them on the Orderly-room ground, where several pieces of ordnance are to be mounted on traversing platforms for drill purposes. What the men are exercising in their minds just no,w about, however, is the new jrat- tery and the gun with which it is to be guarded. An eight-inch Armstrong breech-loader is de sired, a most effective but expensive weapon. They have several guarding Hobson's Bay, and it is argued that we ore entitled here to the very best that can be got The Armstrong carries a 1801b shot or shell six miles, at which distance, with a battering charge, it would penetrate the armour of a light cruiser. The V. and H. A. Association have aban doned the idea of getting the members of the Ministry to patronise their Spring Show, and j the funds of the Association will thru he pre served from an encroachment of from £50 to £350. I am sura that just now, that money could be applied to a better purpose. There is some talk of a movement for opening np foreign markets to our produce. The Associa- ' tion conld scarcely do better than .rp-ni any snrplns foods they may be possessed of in an effort to find fresh outlets for the overplns of onr products, which is bulking larger every year. Notwithstanding tbe oft-repeated statements that Belfast was going to rob us of our potato trade, as well as our wool and cattle trade, we have sent more potatoes through the port year than ever before. Up to the end of Sep tember 33,614 tons hod bean forwarded to the Melbourne and Sydney markets— Adelaide being closed to us-as against 31,067 tons for the cor responding period of last year. This gives on increase of 2577 tons over fast season, and the short period left before tbe close of the season is not likely to affect these figures. If Belfast ships the 25,000 tons they told the Melbourne editors they were going to do, we «h.7t fairly crumple np Hayter and his vaticinations abont the potato yield. Ike yearly returns from the Corporation Yards have just been made up, from which I gather that they continue to pay exceedingly ; well. Some croakers have been contmuonslv predicting that the business at the yards is fall ing off, and thsf the markets an nothing like successful as hitherto. A practical refutation to these predictions will be given when the figures are made public. In this department there has been an increase sufficient to show that there is no retrogression at least, and the takings for tile year am £50 more than for the previous year. six. George Henry's bone-mill boa been din- j pcoed of by public auction, and that gives ns <me bone of contention the less. I am afraid that Mr. Henry has been a considerable softener by the transaction, for which ho has to eh.sV the Conned. If that body bod known their own minds at first, there would have been no trouble arizing out of flip sffsir, for Me. Henry wnohl not have fried on the bone-mill experi ment l am credibly informed that the police authorities are going -to fence in the paddock which was the scene of Mr. Henry's new in dustry, so no one will bava the cbaneBof select ing there in future. The paddock comprises some 1D0 acres of the finest land in the reserve, and yet all these years tbe police authorities have been paying for paddoekmg their horses elsewhere. 