POOR OLD GUY FAWKES. Guy Fawkes is dyiag. In the pitiless, Mid-blooded phrase the Be-baroned Laureate addressed to the poor old year, Let him die ! Every dog has his tay, and Gnido Fawkes, English gentle men and Spanish officer though he be, has had hi3. What good did he ever do tbat he should bo allowed to make as much stir in the world as he has done in the past ? The fact is he has engrossed far too much of the world's attention, aroused tragical enmities full long aoongh, and in later time loitered over lDg on the stage in burlesque and buffoonery. For a century or two he cansed Englishmen to be suspicions of, and to indulge in hatred, malice and uncharilablenes3 towards, Englishmen ; hid op to recent times he has been responsible for a prodigious waste of gunpowder, good firewood, tar and eld barrels. Time, however, has shorn him o most of the glory of enmity producing. Iben Guy was imported with the bits, house-sparrows, thistles and "dred nuisances into Australia, there ixisled absolutely no reason for his appearance here, and there is no good ffronnd for his continued existence. Old- Jforld enmities and dividing traditions, mtles and guys alike are not wanted ,jte ' a.n though the former spread, to 8 delight of the assinine species, the ! fMfare en into the sere and yellow d f Vi eca an neglect, much to the 'gbt of our common-sense community, score of years ago, even in Victoria, e celebration of Guy Fawkes day was . attended with a fair reproduction of the jestmg, recriminations and squib, cracker ni . tbenne.'weel orgies which are 6tlll indulged in in many parts of old England. Year by year, however, Guy Fawkes has been less remembered, less honored, till to-day there is scarcely one so poor to do him reverence. No longer the Catholic boys and the Pro testant lads come to fisticuffs on their way to and from school, because away in Great Britain nearly 800 years ago a fanatic sought to blow np King James and Parliament. Only here and there Jn the sabnrbs will a few squibs be thrown to splutter and spirt, and a few lighted chips and twigs and weeds form a puny bonfire in some back garden, to the disgust of the smoke-incensed neighbors. The average Victorian boy knows next to nothing of Guy Fawkes, and cares less : and it is evident that in this land the days of " one old familiar" are happily numbered. He dies " un wept, unhonored," though not unsung ; and if his ghost should linger on earth, it is safe to say it will find slender gratification in the honors paid his memory. Sic transit.- Herald." 