PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. BY "THE VAGABOND." TO SALE. Travellers on the Gipps Land railway will be early impressed with two facts—the num- ber of native names retained at the town- ships and the amount and value of the timber traffic, from Nar-Nar-Goon, where a tramway from the Gembrook forests joins the line for many miles eastward, trucks of sawn and split timber are seen at every sta- tion. This seems the only, or at least chief product of the district. Splitters' cabins are for a considerable distance the only sign of human life. When we leave the flats of Mornington County and Koo-Wee-Rup Swamp we pass through a heavily timbered country. Tall trees tower skywards from the bluffs, there is an under- growth as thick as in British Columbia, and ferns are as plentiful in the gullies and on the banks of the creeks as beneath the Black Spur. From Longwarry to Drouin there is a heavy grade, and on the knolls above and in the streams below many a glimpse of beauty can be caught by the traveller who brings with him an appreciative eye. There is many a stretch of country to which one could well apply the words of Brunton Stephens— " Vastness of verdurous solitude, forest complexity boundless, Where there is no stir save the fall of a leaf or the wave of a wing: Lone sunny regions where virginal nature roams ceaseless and soundless, Rich with the richness of summer, yet fresh with the freshness of spring." But the railway is changing all this. Between Melbourne and Sale there is a sta- tion, on an average, at every four miles. Settlements and townships are rapidly spring- ing up around these. Drouin is the first place of any importance in Gipps Land. The railway has brought it into existence, but it is an existence of a far different kind to that of the railway townships in Queensland, which rise and perish in a few months. Drouin not only is, but will be the centre of a population yearly increasing as the forests are cleared and the rich soil brought under cultivation. The railway station here has created a market. The town is built alongside the line, the forest all around. A smart live looking place this Drouin, with its five hotels, three churches, state school, mechanics' institute, three banks, and police station. Last sign of progress, the Gipps Land Independent, is published here. The population is about 500, and from the specimens I see as I walk the platform, is healthy and independent. Drouin, however, is not quite happy. It wants another railway, a line southwards to Poowong, which was agreed to by the Legislative Assembly during the rule of a previous ministry. From what I am told Drouin has good cause to grumble at the Government lack of apprecia- tion of its wants. And the selectors at Poowong consider themselves still more hardly used, for the deep friable chocolate soil, best in Victoria for cultivation, makes the very worst possible roads. I am sorry that I cannot take a trip along Lardner's Track, which crosses the line from the north near here, and investigate the wrongs of Poowong and enjoy the hospitality of Mr. H. A. Lousada, at Torwood, where I am promised an English welcome. But I leave my best wishes with Drouin, and hope that some day it will get the railway it deserves. I would vote for railway extension in every part of the colony where the traffic would pay expenses. But having given the people the railway, I would make them use it properly. In Gipps Land the line is still a new thing to the white aborigines who, from the earliest settled districts around Sale and Bairnsdale, have worked their way into these forests. At every station there is a curious crowd, to whom the study of the habits and customs of Melbourne passengers is a joy not yet played out by custom. These natives have never been beyond the scrub of the Koo-Wee-Rup swamp; the Buneep is their Jordan. Like the Western backwoodsmen, I expect they find it hard to believe in a town so crowded that "the houses touch each other." Their curiosity is unbounded. They stare in at every carriage window, and criticise bald heads and smoking caps. I begin to realise the feelings of the caged animals in the Zoological- gardens. A game at Napoleon is an especial source of admiration. Good honest pioneers old and young, though they be, they make up an awful nuisance, at least the male portion of them, when they throng the platforms on the Gipps Land line to such an extent that one can hardly stir. There are men who do not object to the pretty daughters of the land staring at them. The natives resent any interference with their rights of inspection of the carriages, their daily show. Passengers from Mel- bourne who have no locus standi are expected to bear the closest inspection with perfect equanimity. This crowded-platform nuisance culminates at Warragul, where, morning and evening, the up and down trains meet, and there is a scramble for breakfast or supper. With the mob on the platform it is almost impossible for a lady to to get to the refreshment-room, the legitimate business of the stationmaster, guards and porters is interfered with, and delay is needlessly caused. Not only the travelling public, but the officials are seriously inconvenienced by the mobbing at the stations. And the members of the railway staff on the Gipps Land line under the most favourable conditions are sufficiently hard- worked. Also on this line the system of locking the carriage doors reaches the maxi- mum of inconvenience. And yet it is an- nounced by the railway authorities, "carriages will run with unlocked doors !" One of my most esteemed friends, the Champion Slow Bowler of Australia, who, so to speak, is the Attorney-General of Warragul, has often tempted me to accompany him hither. I am sorry he is not here to " put me through" on this occasion. For a meek stranger like myself is quite lost in the surging mob on the platform. When I get outside it is with great deference that I address myself to the first citizen in the street, " Would you oblige me, mate, by telling which is Rhoden's hotel ?" The reply goes home to my heart, " Well, boss, I reckon its right there." This first man I meet in Warragul is an American carpenter who, two years ago, was working in the capital of Richmond. I am very pleased to shake hands with him, and to learn that he is doing right well in this country, earning from 16s. to 17s. a day. Mr. John Rhoden, to whom I am recommended as " the white man for the district " is, unfor- tunately, away from home, and I cannot obtain his reminiscences of the Crimean war or Cobb and Co.'s early days in Gipps Land. But there are courteous citizens here eager to give me information, and Mr. Nind, of the Warragul Guardian, maps out quite a tour for me. If I followed out such advice, I would never get to Sale this year. I have halted at Warragul to see what I am told is one of the smartest and most rising townships in Victoria, the centre of this part of Gipps land. Eight years ago Warragul was not. As at Drouin, it sprang into existence through the railway. Now it possesses three churches, three banks, three first-class hotels, mechanics'-hall and reading-room, police station, and state school, and a mam- moth advertising board, and supports two resident doctors and two lawyers. New public buildings in the shape of post and telegraph offices are, however, badly wanted, the present being totally inadequate. The streets of the town are being gradually formed and drained, the drainage question, however, being rather a serious one. The main street has a row of stores and buildings on one side, on the other the houses are far below the level, having been built on the sloping lots before the street was made and sidewalks formed. In these same stores you buy everything cheaper than in Melbourne. Private houses and cot- tages are springing up all round. In fact, there appears as great a demand for small building lots here as in any of the metropolitan suburbs. Warragul lies in a hollow; northwards, cleared slopes ; south, beyond the railway line, dense forest, trees as thick as pines ; eastward and westward, forest and scrub ; a swamp at one end of the street, grass every- where, everything green as at Mackay. No one at Warragul troubles about the average rainfall. It rains three days out of every seven here, and they are happy. Happy in the wealth of vegetation which the copious rainfall gives. That which in a state of nature pro- duced the thick forest and matted under- growth, now maintains in verdant wealth the 30,000 acres under cultivation in the dis- trict, the peas, potatoes, wheat, and oats, and the rich permanent grass which feeds the kine which produce milk and butter for the city. At this season, too, many thousand cases of strawberries are sent from Warragul to Melbourne. The stranger here can breakfast on this fruit and be glad. The soil around Warragul is a rich chocolate, reminding me of that in the Western district. It is very friable, with scarcely a pebble to be found in it. In winter time the streets of Warragul are one mud morass. They don't get "fog fever" here, but "mud fever." With the perpetual rain and damp surroundings I should imagine this would also be a likely place for " chills and fever," and that a good business would be done in quinine at the drug store. But at this present early summer time Warragul is pleasant enough. I have no fault to find with it except that I cannot see a specimen of the monster worm which has been promised me. Talk about snakes, they are not a circumstance to the earthworms at this end of the county of Buln Buln. A learned M.L.C. writes me that I may see them 4ft. to 5ft. long. But the Warragul editor avers he has seen them 6ft. to 7ft. long, and Mr. F. C. Mason, M.L.A , states he measured one 17ft. long ! The latter statement was qualified with the remark, " May be you think I'm telling you a lie?" No one contradicted the hon. member. Worm stories here take the place of snake stories in other parts of Australia. And although some Melbourne people laugh at the idea, there is conclusive testimony that monster earthworms are to be found 5ft. to 10ft. in length, and many inches in girth. Professor McCoy ticks them off under the genus megascolides. I do not know much about the habits of worms ; it must require not only a special education, but a special frame of mind, to put yourself in their place ; but I presume they vary in size, according to the richness of the soil. And so the megascolides here are a proof that the soil of Warragul is very rich indeed. It is rather an added terror to death to think that a "politic body" of such will discuss your merits at the cemetery on the hill yonder. Agriculture and market gardening will be the mainstay of Warragul in the future, but the timber industry will, for a long time, be of great importance. There are three large sawmills at work near here, the chief of which is Mr. Sergeant's. A tramway runs southward towards McDonald's Track, bring- ing in the timber to the railway. The tram- ways are as important in Buln Buln as in Melbourne. The forest country can only be opened by their aid. Mr. Nind puts it to me—"If the Government won't make light railways for us, why will they not lend us the money to make tram- roads ? In the north money has been ad- vanced for irrigation purposes. Now, we don't want water, but tramways. Why shouldn't we get a loan for such a purpose ?" I explain that all my spare cash is out at present, or I would willingly assist Warragul in this re- spect. This, however, is to be the junction of the proposed line to Neerim, 16 miles north, crossing the old Melbourne and Gipps Land road at or near Brandy Creek. What souvenirs that bring to mind. I feel bound to visit Brandy Creek, and see the old " Glue-pot," and as it is only five and a half miles away, and a mail coach goes and returns daily, the trip is easy enough. So securing a box seat for the morning, I spend the evening at Leon's crowded circus, where I get a good sample of the physique of the district, and obtain vicarious pleasure in the youngsters' enjoy- ment of the show ; and, listening to the won- derful brass band, speculate if Mr. George Coppin's Try Excelsior little bandits will ever be like unto these. And then I remember how some years ago I was instrumental in getting a Sydney Street Arab, in whom I was interested, on to the school ship Vernon. He was a brawny sturdy boy, with the makings of a man in him. Some months back I was stopped near the Melbourne Town Hall by a pale "flashly" dressed youth. "Don't you know me, sir ? I'm ———," said he, joyfully. "And what are you doing here ?" I asked. " Well! on the Vernon I got into the band and learnt to play and dance, and then I was put out on Mr. Fairfax's yacht for a time, and then I joined the ——— Variety Troupe, and we'll be very glad to see you at the hall." Contrasting this sallow, unhealthy - looking stripling with his poor attempts at "professional" style with the healthy bronzed barefooted lad, who always greeted me with a laugh as he sold me a box of matches or the Evening News outside the Theatre Royal in Castlereagh- street, I concluded that in this case training had not made him a better man. Yet I meant well by ———. From the ridge on the Brandy Creek road above the state school, and the rather shaky Episcopalian Church, one has the best view of Warragul. It looks quite a place, although the spare building lots and back yards are still in a primal condition of stumps. But now that we are above the forest and can see the ranges all around, this has a real picturesque appearance. The road hence runs up and down the undulating ridges. Past paddocks, green and thick with clover and English grasses, where cattle are fattening and young calves caper about in all the enjoyment of life. The gaunt dead trees are still standing in the pasture lands, black stumps are left in the ploughed fields, and, strangest sight, fern trees, high as those at Fernshaw, dot the paddocks, giving a romantic touch to prosaic potato patches This country is very like what the Farnham Survey between Warrnambool and Belfast must have been before it was thoroughly cleared, and the soil appeals to be of just the same quality. There are many pleasant homesteads passed en route, and there are plentiful evidences of prosperity, the result of real hard work on the part of the small holders in battling with nature. A very charming drive this to Brandy Creek, in spite of the joltings on the stretches of corduroy which we drive over. My driver is a youth from Adelaide, who, like all young Australians, has advanced ideas. What he knows he communicates freely, and in good language. He points out to me a hare lying in its form. "The country is full of them," says he. A Warragul citizen has this morn- ing told me that he killed a hare with five young ones—a sign that in this climate everything flourishes in a degree which would be abnormal elsewhere. But the four- footed enemy of pastoral and agricultural man, the rabbit, cannot live here. There is too much rain. A short distance south of the Sale road we pass an extensive orchard, where apple, pear, peach, and walnut trees are planted in rows. The ground is well trenched and dug, and there is every sign of judicious expenditure of capital and labour here. A popular Irish barrister took up this land and planned the orchard. But he was spoiled by the Hebrews, and it now belongs to a Minister of the Crown, who goes into market gardening on a large scale. Why the raising of onions, and cabbages, and potatoes, and pears should qualify a legislator to deal with matters affecting railways and mines, as instanced by Messrs. Bent and Levien, is a deep mystery I cannot solve. When we strike the old Gipps Land road we drive along what was know in old days as the "Glue-pot," where they tell me bullock drays and stage coaches sank in the morass and were seen no more. This road, owing to the diminution of traffic through the opening of the railway, seems fair enough now ; besides, it has recently been freshly metalled. There is a bush pub. at the crossways, but I do not tarry there, but go on half a mile further to what was once the prosper- ous settlement of Brandy Creek. But its glories have departed. I do not think the in- habitants will hold an indignation meeting if I record that it was and now is not, for even officially Brandy Creek is dead; it is now known as the township of Buln Buln. Only 10 years back and Brandy Creek was lively with the arrival and departure of the Gipps Land coaches; it was a camp- ing ground for teamsters whose drays were stuck up at the Glue pot, and to the general travelling public was known as the chief halting-place on the road to Sale. Now a passenger by the coach is looked on with curiosity, and Citizen Boyce, hotel- keeper, publican, and baker, " speers " at me as to what I have to sell. When I reply that l am more likely to be a buyer, I receive a sporting offer of the whole business. Then Mrs. Boyce gets me some lunch, crowned with some splendid strawberries and cream ; and Constable Byrne, and the host and the clerk, and the very oldest inhabitant, who has a charming cottage on the other side of the road, tell me all about the district, until I conclude to take a walk round by myself. From the hill on the Melbourne road near the pleasant residence of the only local J.P., Buln Buln looks as picturesque and peaceful a little settlement as one will find in Aus- tralia. The houses are dotted from the banks of the stream up the slopes of the hollow. On the bridge over Brandy Creek there is a great blackberry clump, willows shade its banks, white ducks swim in the rivulets, pines shade the garden beyond ; the walnuts and other fruit trees in Eden Nur- sery, which crowns the opposite slope, complete the English aspect ; and a young lady from Jindivick, in neat blue habit, who gallops by me, gives a finishing touch to the picture. I am charmed with it. Looking beyond the hamlet, all round one sees culti- vation—the light green in the pea fields, the darker verdure of the potato patches, here and there a newly-ploughed paddock of deep chocolate colour ; high fern trees stand out like cocoanut palms ; lines of dead trees, rung and burnt, still rear themselves from a ver- dant base, the ghosts of the departed forest splendours, catching a shadow of reflection from the sun rays. By the roadside is an occasional lightwood, the fences are covered with tall bracken, and far in the distance are the ranges, Mount Baw Baw nearly due north. I do not know a prettier agricultural landscape than this around Brandy Creek, or Buln Buln. The township may have faded since the railway line was opened, but the district has prospered. Evidences of hard work as well as of the fertility of the soil are seen on every hand. There are, I am told, about 40,000 acres under cultivation around here, the permanent grass being the very best for dairy purposes or haymaking. But every year more land will be put under the plough, and if the Neerim line should touch Brandy Creek trade will yet revive. It still boasts three hotels, a store, a chemist, a police station, post and telegraph office, two churches, and a state school far too small and much overcrowded. The chil- dren I see trooping home from here in every direction prove the vast population of the district. It seems to me that this part of Gipps Land is very badly supplied with state schools. Some of these youngsters come very long distances to Buln Buln. In Kara Kara, where I was the other day, I found schools much more plentiful. I suppose Mr. Dow in this respect looks after his constituents' interests better than the member for this district. I sit on a log, and fascinate a black snake which has just attempted to cross the road from the other side. When it catches my eye it stops and curls back, awaiting events. I make an effort of will, and I believe I thoroughly scare that snake ; it dare not move backwards or forwards. Then I search with my hand for any stick which may be in the bracken behind me. I tug at a small bough, and for one second am fool enough to take my eye from the reptile, and he is gone—made clean tracks for the Baw Baw. I have never had many oppor- tunities of practising snake-charming in Aus- tralia, but all over the world never saw the serpent I could not fascinate. Scoffers may say it is because I have the real malus oculus. But I recommend other tourists to try it as an amusing experiment. I have found it the same with all wild beasts. They cannot stand the human eye. After this failure I walk back to the township. I see the tracks of great earthworms in the police station yard, but cannot see a worm. Then a cool drive back to Warragul, and the Soggarth Aroon sees me off to Traralgon by the evening train. On through primal forest, with new townships springing up daily around every railway station. The timber- cutter flourishes yet, but the agriculturist will follow him in due time. At Moe the country has changed, and becomes more open. This is an old settlement, gold having been discovered here in 1852, but it is chiefly celebrated for a bank robbery and a coal mine. At Morwell, nine miles further on, a seam of coal has also been found. A new weekly journal has lately been estab- lished here, showing the advancement of the district. Traralgon, where I make my next halt, is 97 miles from Melbourne. Here I have the warmest reception which I have met with in the colonies. Then Mr. Peterkin and Mr. O'Donnell escort me to Nevill's Hotel, the eminent explorer shouldering my portmanteau in a manner which shows he can bear the fardel of a swag should occasion require. If Traralgon only consisted of Mr. Peterkin and Nevill's Hotel I should still be very well pleased with my visit. In the former I meet a courteous friend, a schoolfellow of Mr. Archi- bald Forbes. At the latter I am housed in a good room in a brick building, the best between the Border and Sale. Some people say it is too ambitious a structure for the place, but Host Nevill I think is right. At all events I remember all connected with the establishment with pleasure. But the travelling world in Australia is very small. The commercial gentlemen who run about with the bishop's handbag are met with everywhere. I know them, and have, also, to thank them for courtesies, though I do not find them quite so "goody" in my company as in that of Dr. Moorhouse. But smart "drummers" know what "line" to take in conversation. A popular Melbourne cantatrice is also here sitting at the breakfast table, vis-a-vis with a Collins-street dentist. Other artistes are in town, for it is not only the show day, but there is a Catholic bazaar and concert on at night. I have spent enough money at these pious swindles to make me exempt for the term of my natural life. A morning walk round the township is sufficient to show that this is a prosperous place. It was an old settle- ment on the Melbourne road to Gipps Land, and it has come again. In front of Mr. Peterkin's store at the corner, where one can buy everything from a Salvation Army hymnbook to a New Guinea outfit, is a brick pavement worn by the footsteps of a generation of purchasers. This, one may say, is the "hub" of Traralgon. But new build- ings are going up, and the population of the town, as well as of the district, is increasing, and with it the prosperity of the citizens of Traralgon. That is what I am told, and am very pleased to believe that there has been a newspaper established here for two years is a healthy sign. Around Traralgon the district is both pas- toral and agricultural. The flocks and herds were here first, and the coun- try taken up and settled before a white man had crossed the sites of Warragul and Drouin. But the fertility of the soil afterwards induced a farming popu- lation to settle here, and from 3,000 to 4,000 acres are now under cultivation in the district. The crops are wheat, oats, barley, and pota- toes. Traralgon will become a place of extra importance as the junction of the railway to Bairnsdale. The line is already constructed to Heyfield, 23 miles hence. There is some gold found in the district, and local industry is represented by the saw-mills belonging to Mr. Peterkin. As an important railway junction, as well as a place of considerable local traffic, Traralgon deserves better station accommodation. The present buildings are on the wrong side of the line from the township, and there is consi- derable danger to passengers in crossing. The platform is far too small and the station- master and porters appear to me overworked. Thence towards Sale the line runs through a grand pastoral country. The mountain range, crowned by the Baw Baw, cuts the sky line to the north west. There are cultivation paddocks here and there, and the soil is productive when tilled. But mostly it is rolling prairie country dotted with trees, reminding me very much of the Western district. Past Rosedale we cross the Latrobe River, and the line runs for miles through the fertile plains of the Kilmany-park estate. Southwards is the homestead of the "Gipps Land Squire." The seasons here are far later than in the other districts of Victoria. This is but a late spring day, mild and balmy. It is a day on which all nature smiles, and as we enter Sale I feel that I can say with the poet— " Leaf, blossom, blade, hill, valley, stream, The calm unclouded sky, Still mingle music with my dreams As in the days gone by." 