CoxHRiiATiox Service at St. Paul's Church. Yesterday afternoon confirmation vows were administered at St. Paul's Church by His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne, The church was thronged, and forms had to be placed along the aisles to accommodate those who conld not otherwise have been seated. There were 71 confirmees (of whom 31 were boys and 43 girls), as follow :—From Christ Chnrch, IS ; All Saints', 7 ; Highton, 1 ; and St. Paul's, 4S. The clergy present were the Revs. Canon Goodman (who officiated as Bishop's chaplain), Canon Chalmers, W. C. Hose (All Saints'), -G. E. \V. Spronle (Highton and Ceres), and F. W. Willcox (St. Pani's). The Bishop addressed a few pertinent remarks to those who were about to he confirmed. Hs took as his test the 16th chapter of the Acts, and the 13th and 14th verses—" And on the Sabbath we went out of the city by the ! river side, where prayer'was wout to be made ; and we sat down and spoke unto the women which resorted thither. And certain woman named Lydia, a seller of pnrple, of the city of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us : whose heart the Lord opened, that Bhe attended unto the things which were spoken of PanL" This, said the preacher, was the first sermon ever preached in Europe by the first Christian apostle. A certain halo of romance always hovered around every beginning. If any of them had ever stood at the fountain of a great! river like the sacred Jordan, the castellated Rhine, or the deified Ganges, thcv would have beheld nothing but a small and insignificant stream. . But how quickly would thonght follow, it across the vast continent it had beautified or fertilised, and the great deeds and words that had been wrought or spoken within sound of its murmuring wave would all crowd upon the mind. So was it with the first Christian sermon. It was the precursor of that great influence which overturned the Pagan temples ; monnted the throne of the Roman world; regenerated the Teutonic hordes ; and sent those who listened to the sermon he was delivering in the fulness of time to plant the cross of Christ at the southern confines of the world. It was not a sermon, only a conversation between the Apostle and a company of women. One wondered what St. Panl thonght of that beginning, for, it would be remembered, he was making a great stir throughout Asia Minor. He had seen a man of Macedonia, in a vision, saying, " Como over and help," and thinking that it came from God, he followed the Divine commandment to Philippi, which was called after Philip, the Macedonian conqueror. The people of Philippi were either too poor or too few to have even built a synagogue, but Paul was the ambassador- for Christ; he brought a message from God, and was ready to tell it to the first person he met, rich or poor, bond or free. He, the great apostle who hadastonisbed the cnltnred Athenian philosophers, con fonnded the Rabbin, - and anade Roman procurators tremble on their thrones of state, sat down in the midst of a small company of poor women, and spoke to them the Word of-Life. * Nor did iie Bpe&k; in vain, for the Holy Ghost opened the heart of Lydia. The presence of Christ did not depend upon the largeness of the - congrega tion. The promise had been made—not that in splendid chnrches or amidst vast congregations only would the Saviour be present, but that where two or three were gathered together in His name there would He be. The Almighty Spirit was there at Philippi, and hovered over the soni of Lydia, as it had done over chaos when all the stars sang together, and the sons of God ehoated for joy. People in Australia scattered rapidly, and probably not a dotfsn of those who listened to him (said the prelate) would die in the place where tbey then were. He exhorted them to remember that the first great sermon on the continent of Europe was preached to a little company of women, and the spirit of the Hying God had shown it3 presence there. It was tHls little church of Philippi which was to comfort the Apostle in distress. With all his endurance Paul had a frail body, and suffered from ophthalmia—frequently a speck of dust in the deserts he traversed would be a torment I to bim ; yet, despite of this, he was > independent, bat often there was little to be i made at tent-making, and he many a time I had not the strength to do it when there was work to he had. Notwithstanding all those hardships, the Apostle steadfastly, refused to take a single farthing where he tbonght it was offered grudgingly, but from the church at Philippi be never declined a gift, so confident was ho that in receiving gifts from the PbiUppiaus he was receiving gifts from ChriBt Himself This exemplified a deep principle which should not be forgotten, and they should endeavor to realise the piactical application of this aermon. Lydia was a successful business wcman, for obe was able to extend hospitality to the apostles as lout* as they abode at PhllippL The passage relating to the difficulty a rich man would have in getting to Heaveu had been universally misconstrued. What Christ meant was that it was hard for rich men at that tine to embrace the message of grace, for there was so mnch they would he compelled to give up, and so much shame to be endured by following the despised and persecuted Naztrene, that it was almost impossible for them to face the tremendous sacrifices that -were needed of them. It was not necessarily implied that the gathering of - riches meaut the lose of Christian life. Sobriety, temperance, and per* severance were fruits of the spirit, and they were not meant to tend to poverty. Abraham was the father of the faithful, and he was not a whit the less so because of his possessions, and his numerous flocks and herds. Riohes were a great temptation, but if it was acknowledged that they were the gifts of God, held in trust to be devoted to His cause, they would he blessed to their possessors. If, in making the best of both worlds, those who were about to he confltmed served God not only by their spirit and their body, but also with the means at their disposal. Ibey would fulfil the promise that would be sought from them. They also saw that Lydia kept holy the S*bbath day. Her pagan neighbors were buying and selling as usual, hut she gave God's day to God. No doubt the result justified her fidelity, for the peace of the Holy One fell upou her heart and home. If they (his hearers) would give God's day to holy rest, they too would find it a rest of soul as well as body. Perhaps people would tell them that the Sabbath commandment was very different from the remainder of the Decalogue, which rested upon fundamental truths ; that it was au arbitrary one which no longer applied to the present day. No man had a right to make such a statement. The Sabbath commandment was based upon one of the deepest spiritual facts. Did they not fiud that they were often tempted to lose and to forget the unseen and the divine in the visible and the temporal ? God had laid His baud upon the seventh portion of a man's time, so that the rich should not, on that da}', oppress the poor. Lydia not only kept that day holy, aud.rested, bub went to the place where prayer was wont to he made. She did not stop to question as to whether the day would he fine or foul, or who would occupy the pulpit; she simply knew it was God's ordinance, and she went to the house of the Lord, cot to meet men and women, hut to meet the Almighty God and sing Bis praise. God would always he thereto meet them if they went to His house at the appointed season, and they would perhaps find, wheu least expecting ib, that St. Paul was in the pulpit—that some word or words would be spokeu by God's appointed < messenger which would be the means of spiritual blessing. To keep the promise they were about to make they should go often to Holy Communion. If they would do this, and would rely on God's grace, then the promise would not have been made in vain. Previous to the laying on of hands, Att wood's beautiful authem, " Come, Holy Ghost," was suog, Mrs Edwards renderingthe firet verse as aeolo, the lastaud "Gloria"beiug given by the choir in chorus. Mrs Edwards* powerful voic* was heard tngreatadvautage, and the kneeling congregation imparted to the whole ao air of solemnity which was highly befitting the occasion. After the laying on of bauds the 271st hymn was sung. 