LADIES' NEWS-LETTER. (From our Lady Correspondent.] London, April 3, 1835. The University boat race was rowed at the con-<*> venient hour of noon, and some friends of mine chartering a barge, we moored near to Barnes Bridge, and had a commanding view of as much of the struggle as is possible to those not on board the boats wbich immediately follow the contesting crews. Tlie spectators on the banks along the line of route, though numerous and enthusiastic, were fewer aad perhaps less in fected with the spirit of rivalry than during former yean?, and party colore were not so liberally displayed as heretofore. Tbis absence of outward sign of partisanship was, Ihear,con spicuous also in the streets of the metropolis. The dark-blue ensign which dropped into the liver and floated down midstream before the start was regarded as a felicitous omen by the friends of the Oxford crew, aftercvents justify ing that speechless prophecy. Returning, the rival crews were to be seen chatting amicably together, clothed in their dark and light blue jackets respectively; both couquerfirs and con quered looked physically spent. Since both cannot be winners, the latter may concede gracefully to Oxford the laurel crown of victory which Cambridge won so triumphantly last year. I was told yesterday that some one, I ftiget his name, has by care ful research traced out the history of most of the mon who have mwed in the Oxford University eight. Since tlie inaugura tion of the national boat race many curious revelations bave been furnished us, and it btiikes one as singular that not a feu- of the.se athletes have come to violent ends—one or tvvj by drowning, and a special instance related is that of one who was euffo-?ted in water not four feet deep. I forget the particular incidents of the case. They who are interested in anuals of this sort may like to hear such a book has been published. To conclude, I may men tion there was on tbe banks of the Thames the usual amount of horseplay, cardskarping, conjuring, &c.;, whereby the crowd sought to beguile their time of waiting. I was specially amused by a figure in n-y own vicinity—that vf man on stilts. The Urobdingnagi&n; stood at least twelve frtt high, towering loftily abovar his fellows. This giant, with hat in hand, dexterously caught the money Hang to him from time to time, the bat forming a sort of butterfly net for the flying coin. To add to the appearance of height the mau wore trousers which reached from the real to the bottom of the fictitious limbs, terminating in a white muslin frill at tlie bottom. The effect was most grotesque, and wben tbe i-ace wa- over aud the spectatins began to disj>er.-e, it was wost an.using to we the nun hmi-j- his Lat and coat on the top of a chimney near by, then sitting down <ci th?? roof of the building he leisurely prutveded to divest himself yl his wooden leg*. An object of much scientific interest on the occasion was. tbe ap}?arance of the new electric launch, uhich, uniuipelled by .-.ur or -team. clave it* way through the water.- a- if gtiid—l andinfluenced by magic motive p<>uer. Tiii- is the first occasion, I believe, on which th:- new force has been used in connection with ay.iatic locomotion. 1 must not forget to teli my colonial friends the b at bore thy name '"Aus tralia" tm its bows. Previous to tlie opening of th<* R.yal Academy Inhibition in Buiiingtau H-iuse in May we liave otlier interesting exhibition-, of tbe works of some of the greatest artists, both living and dead, amongst whi'.h there are conspicuous "Calvary," by Munkac-y. pro nounced, as a fclluw-conntryniMi ><t tiie painteis, a^J Hungarian, (iuformed me, "Moonkakchy," "The Triumph of the Innocents." by Hohnan Hunt, aad the two Blenheim ">ictures, which the present Puke of Marlborough has aold to the trustees of the Kational Gallery for tiie mammoth sum of £aT,r>oo sterling, the sum of £70,000 having been paid for the " Ausidei Madonna" alone. This picture is mow to be seen mounted on a screen in the National Gallery, which is in Trafalgar-square, and it is one of tfae very few pictures produced by the matter hand of Raphael. It bears date 1505 or 1507; the figures are not distinct, and have been variously deciphered as above. This costly work of art was purchased by Lord Robert Sj?noer in 1764, and protected by him to his brother, the fourth Duke of Marlborough. It is painted on a thick panel of white poplar, and there are only four figure*, that of the Virgin ami Child, with John the Baptist on one side and Saint Nicholas on the other. Not having an artist's appreciation for the Floren tine school, of winch the *' Ansidei Mtdonna " is a specimen, it seems to me inferior in merit to the productions of those of our modern artists—Gainsborough s "Sir Peter Lely " and others—though I suppose they are not in tbe least comparable, neither from a painter's view i>f excellence, nor from mine, because the different styles seem toadmit of no compirison: the excessively florid tint* are un-ile&stng; to my inartistic ey*-, and the figure* of the Virgin and Child do not fall in with my own impres sion? of tlie possible likeness of the Mother of our Lord, nor of tiie iufabt Redeemer himself. The Virgin i? fair and florid : Fhe ii seated in a niche, with her Son on her knee, and ia dressed in bine and scarlet vestment*. sh? is farther lepmented as reading from an illumi nated missaL which rests on tbe other knee. The Holy Child Ls lightly clothed. St. John stands near; his face wears a rajit ex-trenrion, and is a fine and manly one, but his feet and lower extremities, which are partially exposed, appear too delicate for a man, aud are hardly in unison with the more masculine develop ment of the arms. St. Nicholas is mitred, and wears gloves; be, too, is reading from a volume which he holds before him. The subject used to be known in Italy as a " Holy Conversation." Tbe panel, I omitted to say, is five feet in width. The history of the {Hcture is that is wai-ordered by a noble family of the name " Ansidei " for the Chapel et St. Nicholas, of Ban. in the Church of San Fiorenza, at Perugia, where a copy still marks tbe fjk* wbere the treasure once hung. The less costly jiurchase recently effected by the trustee* Of the National Gallery v a large portrait of Charles 1., painted by Van Dyck. This has long hung in the halls of Blenheim. The martyr king is presented to us on a maasive charger, heavily caparisoned. Critics say the horses head is faulty, lt -wms to me too entail for tiie frame of the auiaial. Th* portrait rc|ieata the peaked head ami other tamillar features of the monarch"? face, and as 1 gazed I recalled the line*— H'jjht for ci vr on tli.-?' .? il I Wrcug lor ever on tiie tiirour. Tlie king is in complete armor, in- right hand le.t- en a baton, and his long sword swings actors the dun-colored hors-s ("inks. An oquerry walks behind, carrying the king's helmet. The foliage above hi* majesty.-, head is exquisitely (tainted, aud the l?nd>e.?(Kj around, in critics'phraseology, is **sj.leudidly warm," witli a luminous, sky ul>-,\ c. The Grobvenor t.allery, whose exhibits I noticed some while back, has dispersed iv tluaclUes. The Collection Li How MMttei'ed far and wide. One picture of tiaitisborotigh's, "Mrs. llibbtrt," has been sold, 1 read, to a foreign bidder for the __?;e *mv of i;10,0(W tterhng. I have cw'to turn t? M'.mkac-v's famous picture ??Calvaiy." A short summary of the chief events of the artist's earlier years may he interesting. He was l>.?rii iv I .it 4, aud at fou" veal's old was orphaned. Hi- father, joining in the Hungarian revolution, wa- thi-.uo lot j prison aud soon died. The painter's neither oied soon after his own birt;i. Pu-.r and helpless, an aunt, her-elf iv indigent circum stances, adopted hiui; but one day a baud of robbers ransacked the house, and murdering tl.e elder inmate, left Munkact-y alone ail night with the corpse. He was discovered, and a male relative this time befriended him, had Munkacsy trained o? a carpenter, aud started him so far in the world. An accident eventually ?occurred which entirely pievented him from following the trade he bad acquired. At this criiis Munkacsy fill in v.ith _ painter, who took compassion un tiie foiloiu youth aud initiated bim in tlie rudimentary knowledge of his own ait. With what re.-ult 1 Munkacsy's famous pictures "The Last Hours of the Con demned man," "Christ before Pilate, "a paint ing which was exhibited two years ago in Ljudou, dtew together crowds of enthusiastic admirers; and now his last effort "Calvary," on view iv the Egyptian HalL Piccadilly, has done all that Was needful tn consolidate the fame Munkacsy had already achieved. The gloomy incidents recorded in the artist's works doubtless are the outcome of tliat attitude of melancholy which the vicissitudes of his youth must have originated and fostered. The paint - ing "Calvary" excites the kindred emotions of wonder and awe. The artist has chosen to depict the moment when the Redeemer of Mankind, having with a loud voice eried —" It is finubed," dropjied His sacred head and gave up the ghost. Here we have the dread darkness of the sky as the awful sacrifice on the cross is consummated. The I'hine Sufferer is crucified, but not as usually repre sented. He is an advanced figure, the two thieves being placed right aud left, but some distance behind the central figure. The " be loved disciple" stands uith his back to the sj>ectators, but there is just enough of his face to show the desi>air which it is iiowerlessto con sole or even to think of the charge just com mitted to his care. The Mother of God, in an attitude of deepest agony, is clasping the bleeding feet of her crucified Son. A golden-haired woman—too childish of figure for the magnificent specimen of woman hood which imagination conjures up as we think of the Magdalen—kneels between the Virgin and Martha ; or is it Mary the mother of James and John? Mary Magdalen has covered her face witii her hands. The next figure is too huge by comparison; but the up turned face is most expressive, aud the out stretched aims suggest au agony of feeling which can find no other outlet. The grim execu tioner having completed his dread task lias shouldered his ladder, taken up liis hat'jiet, and with a pair of pincers thrust in his girdle is walking away with brutal apathy, totally unconscious that he has been instrumental in bringing about the most stupendous tragedy creation ever bore witness to. The execu tionei's face is most repulsive—report cays it is that of a man wbo had offended the painter, and vith the terrible power of reprisal which genius commands Munkacsy ha? perpetuated the offender's features in connection with an office the most loathed and odious of all. The penitent thief turns his dying eyes towards the Lord, who has promLscd, "To-day thou sliatt be with me in Paradise." The second male factor's face is of the lowest possible type, aud bears a malignant look — mingled hatred and Milieu endurance. Neither countenance bears the pain-tacked expression which is so conspicuous on tbat of the dying Saviour. A centurion has slipped into a sitting attitude close to the "accursed tiee/'aud may be supimsed to have given vent to his sudden conviction in the words, "Truly tbis was the Son of God." There are about fifty undi-stinguishable figures on the canvas; the dark figures, helmets, and spears of tbe cohort of soldiers assembled to see the execution of the sentence duly carried out form a fitting and sombre background to the picture. One massive bronzed-faced Etonian sits his war-horse like a rnck, grasping his sjiear, and with stern emotionless face looks steadilt- on at what i> to liim but an ordinary carrying out of justice. Another mounted figure looks hack half angrily, luilf af;-aid, as if wondering too late vlietht-r iiereeculion, having attained its desired end, tlie deed were well dune. There are other faces on which rest unwisy fears aud darker doubts. Au old man, a rabbi, with a companion in the foreground, walks with down cast face and portentoti* brows. Ilis surly friend is gesticulating fiercely, and is evidently tiyirg to impress tm tbe anxious Jew the fact tliat justice has only lieen done, and that" this 11.an deserved to die." Plying away with tenifisd looks is an Israelite, whose dark ciafty face has been fals<?ly de.scrilK-d as the arch- traitor Judas, but to paint iiim at Calvary would be auiiclu-unisiii of which Munkacsy is incapable, .ludas haiii:g hauled himself so soon as he beard the i-ei.t<-tice pa*s?d on Ins l^-trayid I^-id. Others m;j.p'...-r the painter intended the flying figure to be typical of the "Wandering Jew," vim wa* condemned tv walk tlie eartb until the second coming of the I<ord, and that just now has dawiiea hji-mi him to the fullest extent the awful fate allotted tn linn. A |?erpleii-d, disa))ik.;nted face is asciilxd to I'eU-r, and tiieiv ai-r harnh, innlig i.ant countenances in tlie crowd tiiat wo'.ild nun to jii'i- at the d3"in^ atT'^'J" ?f the liodeemcr <if Mankind. The whole scene iii essentially i-ealistic and human, and dramatic t" a degree, n-nder*d moi-e |Hiw?.rful iierhapi by the fact that it lacks a single arn.'-io! tn shntv tl.at faith satill lives, or a ray* nf heavenly lijjit tn give hi'jv of a life tocouie, et ?rn-il a:i^ ffli.iii.tis, tliat faditliiK.t-ivay. 