CANDLE LECTURE. A CArNuLE lecture was delivered in the Mariners' Church, on Tueseday evening, by the Rev. William Bradley. A number of lighted candles were placed round the top of the pulpit, and in the front was a painting of a lighthouse reprieenting the "Light of the World." The pulpit wes ,lo tastefully decorated with llo?ers. The lecture was interesting throughout and greatly appreciated by the large audience present. The Rev. 'thlomas Spurgeon was, he said, the first to lecture on candles ; and the way in which his lecture originated was that he had about 00 students under his presidency, and he told them that to preach successfully they miust use many illustra tions in their discourses, and that a man was not worth anything if he could not preach for a day about a canale. Lie was challenged no to whether he could do it, and lie replied that he thllought he could talk two or three hours about it, and the next timne they came together hlie tried it, not onlly to their amusement, but also to their instruction. t'he lecturer then said that thie candle ir one of the matters in common life thart is lull if illustration, and is ften imentioned inScripture; and. among illus trations it ir one of the imoat shining illus tratione, aind. bealrseof truth dart fromi it on every rilde. Re thou quoted passages of criptu olwhichl refer to thie cuandle as a ritebiewlight, Sovelal candles of different liigtlhv, of which he gave an illustration, ilereeteted, he said, life in its various stager. '.he child of 10, withl great capac. rqitien of u?befulntbs in years to come, is like ticandle newly lit; the other stages are like can dletr which are more and more burned away, Thtis, he said, we learnll our own mnortality, and hear the voice which cries, " \'or' while it Is called today." As a box fulltLf candles unlighted i of no use, so some churches are of no usee to their age and neidhbourhoor, owing to the want of l[heavenly light to light them up. Take for !instanc a church which has a very wealthy dcongregation, who have their caRlritea standing at the door for them. Haveo they a mission school for thie poor 1 They are, of courre, shocked by anyone inentioniog such a thing in connection with such a respectable church. Do they lookl alter the poor I They do not know that they have any poor iu their district, but have heard that there are such people about the back alums of Sydney. .But they do not see them and do nothing what over. for them. Until the candles are lighted 'they are useless, and so is a church of. miaervice whatever to thie glory of God rdthoht fire. The churches in our midat.aro.pnt-'wanting for learning and wealth, but we are wanting in more zeal and mitpre true energy, more earnestness in spreaitng truth among the sons of men. The great want of the church is fire, or in other words the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The rev. gentleman continued his remrk'a at soaoe length, and was listened to with close attention. Duting the evening several hymns were sung by the chl i . A recitation hentitled " The Little Lighthouse Keeper," was given very nicely by Miss Scott. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was carried by acclamation to the ladies who decorated the church, to Miss Scott, and to Mr. Torning, who executed the picture representing the "Light of the World." LItTLE drops of printers' ink, A little type "dioPlan ed." lake up our merchant prinve.s Wi'h all their bi1t parade. Little bitsu, fa Ilnuinesa-Divcrding printers'ink " Bnata" tIho mnan of business, And sees his credit sh,k, 