gouts aM pities, .CHAPTER VL— (Continued). ' \ ' MISS JCIURIC. HAKES UP TIIIMIISTORY, - AND . IN ? ' IIER own way settles it. Our fricncMuxurifttos in n proverbial niotlo of expression, not unpleasant wlurn you're used to it, but taking one rather nbauk until tlmt time crimes; ' ' Thus, when she further favoured us, it was in tho following singular strain ; ' I must have tlie.baro. and. naked, simplicity of undressed truth— that truth must not have a rag wherewith to cover it ! When I seo any thing 'underhanded going on, I say, I'll go the clqarv.contrary way, or my lianio is not Malmes bury Maggs ! Believe mo, my dears, morality, ' like integrity^ is a r thumping , niake- weight. Again excuse the homeliness of my tonus. And let us be very. careful .not to make mis chief ! I think there ought to be a clause in tho Ohurch Litanv, 'From blasting mildew, grasshoppers,. caterpillars, scandalmongers, and ' ... all other.ru riii plagues, Good Lord, deliver us !' ' At which, of course, Sister Jane and self smiled an assent, for if there is ono thing we dislike, uviore than another, it is that. - ' It seems to me;. that nowadays people are given to little else than to hear and tell news,' said Jane; 1(1 Well put, I thought. ' I think in our day almost all go as fat as they may,' observed Mrs. Mnlniesb'iry Maggs, and there is a grain of truth, in that. Saidi dear Jane, ' These haughty humours the Naylors take on aro very unbecoming ; thfey're good for nought, 1 do fear !' 'Eatlier harsh, that, of Jane. 1 could not go so far , with her, and I said so. ' She may be bedizened with' showy clothing, dear one, and wo are painfully awaro that there are some covetous men , who would gather faster than Fortune cau shower : . but still, I main tain there may be good in the very worst ; I do not sav that we, .should lind it in those Naylors, but all the same J. think that we ought to look for it.' ' I trust,' said dear Mrs. Malmesbury Maggs, with emotion; ',that I have my full share of worldly sagacity ; and if so, I am not to be hood-winked, and as for them Christians and Gospellers, .who make such long prayers, and sit in the market place money changing, ?woe betide 'em !' It did seem here as though our friend had lost the argument, ibut' I refrained from re marking it, knowing her to be so very dis agreeable when criticised. ? The dear creature has no vision beyond. that she has received by tho light of nature; and only sees things in their plainly vivid truth. ' There can be no doubt,' said I, ' that Mr. Naylor ha§,caught the eai; .of the people. I could1 hardly get in the building last Sunday evening !' ' That shows he is no -good — a modest man would avoid such popularity. You may quite | ,d^pejid -,that I don't mean to subject niyself to the rough handling of the mob or Nathaniel' Naylor, or. any [other i man ! .Although when in a good cause, I endure squeezing without a groan, I must be allowed - to decide that the cause is really a good one.' ^ Our. friend fully exemplifies thcold maxim 'That one can never be too much occupied about oneself.' If she finds that we are un mindful of -lier, she will give a dreadful si-rli to cajole our compassion. She belongs most permanently to 'the heavy-heeled order of Christians j' makes her presence felt, by weight and massiveness. We are profoundly in the opposite, spiritualised, ethereal. She is given to patronage, ;where she takes : I have heard that these patronising people who take ,^cli- sudden. tancies: have as unaccountable vdislik'e's, arid that seems to be the case here. ' Wrapped in the mock of morning weed,' as Shelley ha,th it, slie assumes a domineering spirit that ill becomes a person of her station. We take a more humble stand, are meek, and ever remembering the gentle violet, seek to be -'as-fragrant as we can. Ah me! would that dear Jane and I were the flowers of some lone vale, and spared from this terrible responsi bility .weighing so . heavily . upon us. But IJdutypduty ! CHAPTER VII. THE- STOUT - CHURCHWARBEN. Wivelscombe Village, a mile to the left of Minst&L;'ea,i was-as .pretty a scene of Arcadian felicity as .(could well be found ; it had once been' much larger, but the parish register tells .~:of-!' A most terrible and vehement fire, begin ning at the water-lode, about six of the clocke by night, in a kitchen by brewinge. The winde being very, boigterouso increased the said fire, which' more veliementlie burned, and consumed in the space of fifteen hours six hun dred bayes of buildings.' As much as had beenieftrof the village (there had been no more * added from that time to this) was undeniably pictiiresque/.. Gabled cottages with tall ebirn-. nevs, and various styles of building, making up a romantic village street ; the ribbed and pointed Gothic roofs seen between the, foliage of sothe splendid Void trees ; a sprinkling of quaint; little shops, and the blacksmith's; and on the outskirts, farms, a Water-mill, and a jjhyrch, ,th£ holy acre spreading up the, hill ; as though those laid there should get as near to God as .possible. A quiet village where you. may hear birds at morning,' and at eve. The tame dove lingers till .tho, twilight falls, cooing upon the eaves.' Many- horse-chestnuts were around the place ; the character of this tree is solemnity, it made the village always- seem calm aud restful. Their, sweet blossoms were blown down the i'jvjillagejstreet, , or sometimes a snowstorm, of apple flowers ; and then it looked more dainty than ever. Simplicity and variety wero the charms of that sylvan vale. ? ft03?!fiet,'P£48»--. pn.) jtiptpe ? for a, (flight, ' were not more innocently volatile than were some ?Uffef tKe^pasioral swains' there -resident'- it was l ,the jSpot ipdeed .where you would; search . for ' those J pretty shepherdesses and amorous shep ' herds so delightfully preserved in old chinu. BSl See -the landscape drenched in -the splendour of a midsummer morning ; see the village set as the very gem. of the landscape, and who l, could refuse it: their most generous admiration ! .slMark the village church, square-belfried and weather- beaten, while . the. setting ? sun richly colours its old grey wall, glitters back from the flints, shines broad on the grotesque saints 'of 0li-its .windows, and gleams, on its lofty vane., ?;i- Hp.w.the. glqwing light causes -the grussy grayes to look green as in spring time, and gorgeously tints the downward spreading branches of the cedars 1 ! ' Tho church door is always open in summer time ; lot us enter. Upon tho epanorels of tho arch of tho south porch are the arms of the founder of the \- church. A massy Anglo-Saxon font, with rude bas-reliefs, stands on four short thick columns. Crossing tho shancel arch is the rood-loft and screen, onco used for tho choir, : but now unsafe. A pastor belongs to tho rural temple, one like George Herbert, humble, poor, and saintly ; for five-iind-torty years the enlightened denizens of Wivelscombe have been trying to make up their i minds as to whether this gentleman is or is not in advance of their understandings. ?People hereabout wore very devout, they believed in tames, believed m ghosts, believed in everything — except the disinterestedness of their pastor. Upon an eminence of clustered (lo wero was a tasteful cottage, completely covered with roses in full blooui. It was here the good man dwelt. A small house — a large garden — that was his idea of comfort. And what a garden I The turf was composed of tiny grasses of tho finest kinds. Here might be seen a palisade of jasmines, there a dusky tapestry where red roses grow into an impene trable wall. It was tlio paradise of buttorflies, they flitted through tho flowery mazes of that garden at their happiest. On a lawn of tender turf the peacock expanded the glory of his plumes amidst the flowers, whose splendour rivalled the colours of his plumage, while each piumo shone like A, flower. Trellis work and espaliers hung heavy with creepers ; and hero wero palisades of roses, there vines upon hazels. .Leafy arcades and arbours of rose-lmirels, and brond at the back a grand old holly hedge. A rustic chnir, formed of knots of wood ; whereon the pastor dozed while the sunshine was sleeping upon r.ll the garden. It was Le Jardin Delect able m uimiatnie. Atiacnea were melon ana cucumber houses, nnd an orchard house planted with peach and nectarine trees, the buildings being .concealed from view by noble clumps of rhododendrons. But walk into the cottage, which, though small, is pretty, and at the first glance is dis tinguished as an abode of a man of letters. Pliere are bijou trifles on malachite tables, and slabs inlaid with beautiful stones as settings to designs of flowers. Marble vases crested with roses, the very queens of Juno. Beauti ful statues, the tints of the wall in such harmony they strengthened tho beauty of the statuary. Oak parqueted floors, and taste fully decorated ceilings, of nest-like chambers having embayed windows affording views cf tho country — the far-stretching, ample splendours of the fine lands beyond. Evidently the owner is a lover of art — on the walls admire that charming Greuze with the kissable mouth ; and one of De Hooges' famous Utrecht studies ; there is a glow from hot, golden- atmospliered skies of Ouyp, and a copy of Rembrandt's ' A Man with a Hawk.' On the shelves are works that are classical, and 'belonging to -the eternal senate;' the pastor did' not believe in the lesser writers; and when youths were reading with him he was wont to say, ?' To be schooled in the work of the great masters is the most admirable f.lio lnrls orm t.n ' Ho was a magnificent book lover : from the ponderous folio to the light duodecimo nothing - came amiss. Without special scholastic dis tinction, he was yet well-read ; all his life long he had been unable to resist the magnet ism of the silent world, and he was one of tliooo wlio flocl fi-om oifcioo bringing thoir soul away from men and nearer God. Here with his flowers and books passed his gentle life — : understood, of course, but none the less happy, none the less useful. The voluntary seclusion was from no lack of honours. Harold Tristram was a descendant or -.Sir iU'inony rristram, wno was a power in his day : his book-love, his books, and his name came down to the descendant; the money went somewhere else. ? Harold Trist ram was educated . at Eton, and elected a scholar of Baliol College, Oxford, in 1830, where lie graduated B. A. in 1834, taking first class honours in the school of Literal Human ioies. In 1S36 he was elected Fellow; of Merton College. From that time as though tlie mind or tho ambition were satisfied, his life was- marked by no event more memorable than taking the charge of Wivelesconibe (where he had been for close on fifty years), and accepting the editorship of the Noah's Ark Review in 1846, which he had continued to brilliantly conduct from that time to this. ' The genial pen writes its own popularity. The kindly editor- of the' Noah's Ark became one of the favourite essayists of the day. ' Write good common sense,' Mr. Tristram would say, ' and clear crisp English, there is always an audience to understand that.' And ; although his library contained fac similes of editio piinceps, and such rare remains as the ' Bibliotheca Selecto ' of Pessevin ('to which,' said Mr. Tristram, ' you must gO for a knowledge of early litera ture,')., and. the ' Peregrinatio Religionis Ergo ' of Erasmus; his ? writings were never made too learned,, like .his sermons, for the audience ;. the man was too humble .indeed to flourish his learning in the face of those who knew less. Harold Tristram formed an admirable tutor. He held that learning is not' rendered more useful by obstinate administering, and that boy learns the best who learns the pleasantest. And on. his, favourite theme he would. advise them: 'Make a close, analytic study of all the great masters, they canuot do you harm, there is the chance of their doing you good.' . In what he called ' the undress of his mind ' the worthy village pastor devoted all his time, not taken up by parish duties, to his beautiful garden ; and he was not above swooping up the white bloom of the Oistus fallen thickly about the garden paths, and digging away with all the vigorous energy of the original Adam. ; But then ' gardens were before gardeners, and but some hours before the earth,' quaint Sir Thomas says ; and it is to be believed that our worthy pastor placed them a long way before mankind. Now to this pleasant gentleman and his -pleasant abode camo. Archibald Kingslott-, be fore leaving the neighbourhood, for the purpose of making a call of respect on his old friend and tutor. Mr. Tristram was very pleased to see him, he was playfully in tho habit of thinking of him as the most promising boy he had turned out. Kingslett found lis tutor but littlo changed, and lie said, '! I think .when I also retire from tho busy duties life in a; large city.ascuiaulates aronnd one I shall settle dovn in a place like Wivelscombe, and sie what I can do in the way of gardening I' - To the Londoner this tasteful plot wns. charming indeed. Tho old man smiled proudly ; you know ho really was proud of it, and looked fondly at his jasmine (which tho Hindu poots so prettily cull tho ' Moonlight of the Grove ') ; at tho lawn with its flower wreathed basin, wliore a splendid peacock unfurled his purplo plumago near its circling silver rim ; at tho partition hedges of chaste Amorican snow-plant, and box-allhys, and all the agroeablo agroupment of trees and flowers; and lie said quietly, 'Yes, you might do worse 1 ' ' The very groves of Acadomus,' said Kings lott, in that low pleased tono indicative of extreme gratification. Mr. Tristram led him to a shady seat, where they could talk awhile ; it was placed in a delightful part of tho garden, a cool and sun less spot, fragrant with roses, yet seeming to retain thoir dow ; away, in a gleam of light, the gorgeous colours of a flight of butterflies dazzled the eye ; undor tho trees wero some old stone lions, with delicately wrought chains of flowers pendant from the mouths ; over it all rose the song of the, birds,, glad, glorious, free ! ' How different this is to London ! ' sighed Ivingslett, with tho nearest approach to envy he was capablo of showing. ' Of course it is — you would not have the country like tho city ? Man has ..tho .option of preference; ho must abide by his choice. Most men would find this too dull for. them I ' 'There might not be sufficient to engage thoir activity and employ thoir energy, but it would not, tlieroforo, follow that they thought it dull. Myself, for instance — I love the coun try almost as ardently as you do yourself ; but where powers and special talents — for good may I say — are given to ono, and while great cities are outspread in an tueir niacous ouik to the right and left, and north and south of us, a man with the stern conviction of the awful thing life really is, does not feel permitted, does not allow himself to feel permitted, to bury himself, and his powers and talents, in a village, however pretty, and however flower strewn.' This was like Archibald Kingslott, to speak out as ho thought. The colour mantled on tho old man's cheek ; it did suddenly occur to him that he might have been living a life of prac tical selfishness in a stato of such isolated seclusion. It might bo so, but was anything but proved to his satisfaction. ' Some men for tlio country, some men for the town,' he said, sontentiously. ' When men can be of the uso you are, it is well, tlic-y should be there ; when as little uso as I should be in a. city, it is well they should be here. Some men for tranquillity, some men for activity.' Placidly he crossed his legs and leaned comfortably back, while, smiling benignly PflU A Will 1 l\t» 1 rl TT 1 11 ftcl O f.f.'c m'Anf.Or usefulness. ' Frankly, though, my dear fellow, [do not envy you youi sphere!' he added. '.There is too much meanness, crime, dis honesty, for mo in the city; everything that debases, so lictlo that elevates our nature !' ' Tho more reason that wo should be there !, You could not have advanced anything in stronger proof of my argument. But, correctly anpnkinf. vnn are reallv wronc. ? For t.lioy that see Crime oftenest, oftenest, too, see Uonoaty.' Every day I face trouble like a gaunt, griui, ghastly wall, but on that wall hang pictures of heroism that for splendour, and for beauty, and for pathos, beat, your old masters all to pieces I Austere seclusion, like cynical genius, cimnot understand .the full meaning of that awful hour when, with stormy energy, the very horror of disaster takes possession of a human soul and wrecks it ; when ' it is tossed. up and down like a leaf upon the strong and awful storm,' and where the mournful cry is ever, ' Eriendless, friendless, alone, alone !' Those of us who feel .this so acutely, because in the very thick of it; find the days not long enough for the trial of our efforts to relieve some of it. You live hero quietly and happily enough, just hearing afar the 'echo of the roar of the con gregated thought of ages ;' which does not dis turb you very much ; I am right in the midst of the most surging and tumultuous sea of to- day with, all its tremendous burden of wreckage, devastation, and woe. Your hours may be spent in the contemplation of the dusky sweet ness of deep . summer woods ; mine must be passed in viewing the havoc wrought of dusky sin. I will admit that this life you lead is exquisitely exclusive ; I cannot admit that it is useful. I am sure that it is productive of a deep religious earnestness, sure that you hear many soft aud soul-like sounds we cannot hear, in cities, but how about the massive sorrow outside, waiting unrelieved? Charles Lamb, you know, ' never thoroughly loved a man till he had been thrown at his door, singed and blackened by the fire of general contempt and execration I' I suppose I am troubled with the same weakness.' (To be Continued.) 