. Sporliisg Mcms, tidied Coursing Fixtures. ? ? ? : ? ? New Soutli Wales Coursing meeting, June 24 and fol lowing days. Berrima Coursing Club meeting July 1 and following day. ? ♦ ? Coursing Match. — The out-come of Mr. B. A. King's challenge in Saturday's Herald to match 'Prowling Sally' against any dog in the town, was that about a dozen lovers of the sport met at Mr. Cuzner's Hotel on Monday evening to arrange a match for £20 aside between JMr. J . Jf rice s Prowling Sally and Mr. E. C. Hobbs' dog Boy, to come off in Mr. Quinlan's paddock . . on the 2oth July. The' conditions are the \- best two out of three courses. Mr. Alex. Kennedy was appointed judge, Mr. JW. L. Murdoch slipper, and Mr. H. A. O'Donnell stakeholder. Tho 'wrestling and pulling' match between S. Smith, of Goulburn, and W. Bunker, of Mittagong, came off at Mitta gong on Saturday last, before a crowd of spectators. The wrestling was done in the Cumberland style, Smith gaining four falls in five, but his opponent proved victorious at the pulling. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. held a sale of racehorses at Tattersall's, Melbourne, last week, at which there was a large attendance, and for some of the lots the bidding was spirited. The St. Albans colt, Bonnie Dundee, was bid up to 780 guineas, at which figure ho was passed in, the reserve being 000 guineas. The following amongst others were sold : — The Ghost, 6 years, by Hamlet — Mystery, to Mr. Hobson, 200; Grace Darling, 5 years, by the Diver— Zoe, to Mr. Fehon, 400 guineas ; Lucky Hit, 4 years, by King Cole— Targett, to Mr. J. Wilson, 400 guineas; Ulverstone, 5 years, by Castle Hill— Early Morn, to Mr. T. Smith, 270 guineas ; Royal Maid, 6 years, by Kingston— Maid of the Wimmera, to Mr. Gowan, 370 guineas. Alleged Libel.— The action for libel between M'Culloch and the Cootamundra Herald is not likely to come on till after the Banco Court is cleared of the railway case — perhaps net till the close of the month. The free comments thatlhave been made on the case by our local contemporary are the emanuations of a mind which is un fathomable in its depths of ignorance and impudence. Maize Grown by Irrigation.— A sample 0f ninety-day maize grown by the aid of irrigation in the Namoi district was ex hibited on Tuesday of last week, at the Ex change. The coba were all large and covered ?with a full bright coloured grain, which was pronounced an excellent specimen of this particular class of corn. A yield from a 25 ? acre patch averaged 40 bushels per acre, ?without a drop of rain having fallen during the whole period of its growth. This average is considerable above that obtained this season on the coastal rivers, and it speaks highly of the agricultural prospects of the colony when a thorough system of irrigation is. introduced upon the alluvial lands of the ? — interior. Cholera has again made its appearance at ? ? Madrid. A terrible accident has occurred at tho town of Thiers. A large crowd of people had assembled in the court-house and a ? staircase collapsed, 200 persons being killod oriniured. 