TIHE 1OtLAND XnORAWRS. This talented company of amateur min. strels gave its second public entertainment in the Masouic Hall on Inuesday evening, for the benefit of the founds of the Benevo lent Asylum and Hospital. The ball was filled, and the entertainment so good u to elicit frequent and warm applause, with vociferous demaond for the repetition of pLticolrr numbers. This, however, was wisely refused, for the enterralnmeat was. a long one as billed, and to repeat the per. fox mance woohl have prolonged the sitting to an extent that would have proved in convenient to those of the saudhoe who had far to go before they reaed home. - The in.trumental portion of the per formance wae by Miss Wilrmms (piano), first violins iessrs. Porter and Miloe, serond violin dr. Molloy. violincello Mr. Nicholls, cornet Mr. W.'H. Perry, pilcolo Mr. W. Theisinger, tambo. Mr. MdGonigal. bones Mr. S. Douglass, andgwas excellent throughout. The opening .selection, " Myosotis Waltzes," showed this power fal combination to be capable of mastering the most intricate musical dificulties, and the band was no less euccesEful with Mr. Perry's " Mohawk Polka"snd his"Western Artillery Waltzes.'- The pianist afforded the audience much en}oyment, by means ofiher spirlted and ,ymp.thetlc rendering of the music allotted to her. The opening chores introduced the full strength of the sab!e brotherhood, which went cheerfully to work under the genial engineering of Mr.'Johnscn (otherwise Mr. S. P. Hawkins) as centremao. or interloc tor. and Messrs. McGonigaland Douglase as end men, with tanmbomasi and bones respectively. lhe patter was of the usual samp, except that it wu rather better than usual inasmuch as it was rather ore absurd._ _Intexspersed among the coasn drums were several songs, all well given. Mr. R. Kenny gave "Tread softl , the angels are calling" in a highly plea?ing manner, and Mr.T.Kennedy sang"When papa comes home-tooight with excep tional:ability and success. This singer has a voice ,that with frther culture, sad used with greater, confidence, may bchieve much on the concert platform. SGod andtell Maria,"'in Mr. Doglas' comic-vein, attonedjthe audience to the mirthful mood,and was warmly applsuded. "Let your tears kis," &c;, by hMr. 8. P. SHawkins, and "A mother i the best fiend of all"rby Mr. T.Connigham, were plea: e eatly rendered,sanddidfaoided much pleasure 0 to the aumiense, while" Willie Montosee" " -b Mr. McGonigl piroved immensely fnny . nod.set the compa iny a roar. violet" wasgiven by MrP. Keean in hi t bet le, and would have been about the best thing of the eveningif only the words ! of the song had been more distinctly po Spnounced. This capable singereo.ld eus. Scure, himself 'of impsfact enonciation if ' Ie o?ld try, and hs-roice is good enough tobe wortby of a little efloat at improve n ment i "Jack's come bhomse to.dsy Mr. Southern's perfornance was in marked -contrast to lr. Keenan', inasmuch as the Ssinger pronoouced every word with perfect slearness. lHe also sang tneflly and well, as one should who has a naturally ans organ and has. been-wen trained. A repetition was loudly demand at the close, but was not accorded. A comic sketch by Messra McGouigal rad F. t, BR. Hill, ?Lost the train," was wetl .e d ceived, and Mr. Keenan followed with the is song "Maid of thiemil"l wr b- he sang with good effect. "Ihanger dn theliar," by I Mr.. William Milne, was in the opinion it of many the performance of the evening. It The singer does nut, perhaps, possess i- what one would call .a powerfpl organ, s- and on Tuesday evening be wos suffering d from a bronchial affection, bt neverthelese r his effort called forth loend and continued applause, and it was long before the audience could be induced to saccept his refusal to sing again. 'li. J. O'Brien performed a e clog dance in a pretty stage dres, and e also in good time to the mosir, and was much admired, after which Mr; McGoni r- gal gave "Travelling back to Dixie," with chorus by the company from behind the \- curtain. This was a very succeseful cnm SI ber. and the effect of it was greatly n a. hanced by a vision vouchsafed the dying negro. lluminated by the lime lght. Bat r the hall smelt horribly of burning sulphur it afterwards, which set the audience cough. r ing so violently that Mr. Cunningham ir could scarcely be heard in the concluding sonag," Little hero." - I; The side- spliting fsree"Tbeblood.lhinty it ghost." which "concluded the whole,,was o exceedingly like a farce played by the I. company on the occasion of their frst entertainment under a quits different name, I. but the audience made it quite welcome, and laughed over it in the most genuine i* manner. s. "God save the Queen" by the whole company brought a very pleasant two hoare entertainment to a close, and the audience dispersed well pleased with themselves and i. with the Mohawks. 