WHAT HE THOUGHT OF THE DENOMINATIONS. Os the road once more, with Lebanon fading away in the distance, the fat passenger drumming idly on thc window pane, the cross passeuger sound asleep, and the tall, thin passenger reading "Gen. Grant's Tour Around the world," and wondering why " Green's August Flower" Bhould be printed above the doors of " A Buddhist Temple at Benares." To me comes the brakeman, and sitting himself on the arm of the seat, says : "I went to church yesterday." j "Yest" I asked, with that interested inflection that asks for more. "And what j church did you attend ?" | " Which do you guess ?" he asked ¡ "Some union mission church?" I I hazarded. " Naw," he said ; " I don't like to run on these branch roads very much. I don't often 1 go to church, and when I do I want to run OD the main line, where your mn b regalar \- «nd yon goon «ohednie time, «nd -dW» have to irait on connections. I don't Ilka to nm onabraneh. Goodenough.; butT-don't like lt" " Episcopal !" I guessed. "Limited express," he said; "all palace oars, and two dollars extra for a seat ; fast time, and only stop at the big stations. Nice line, but too exhaustive for a oraVnrnan. All train men in uniform, conductor, punch and lantern silver-plated, and no train boya allowed. Then the passengers are allowed to talk back at the conductor, and it makes them too free and easy. No, I could 'not stand the palace cars. Rich road, though. Don't often hear of a receiver being appointed for that line. Some mighty nice people travel on it, too." " Universalist î" I suggested. " Broad gauge," said the brakeman, " does too much complimentary business. Every- body travels on a pass. Conductor doesn't Set a fare once in fifty miles. Stops at all ag stations, and won't run into anything but a union depot. No smoking car on the train. Train orders are rather vague,«though, and the train men don't get along well with the passengers. No 1 don't go to the Universalist, though I know some awfully good men who run on that road." "Presbyterian?" I asked. " Narrow gauge, eh ?" said the brakeman. " Pretty track, straight as a rule ; tunnel right through a mountain rather than go around it; spirit-level grade; passengers have to show their ticket before they get on thc train. Mighty strict road, but the cars are a little narrow ; have to sit one in each seat, and no room in the aisle to dance. Then there ie no stop over tickets allowed ; got to go straight through the station you're ticketed for, or you can't get on at all. When the car's full, no extra coaches ; oars built at the shops to hold just so many, and nobody else allowed on. But you don't often hear of an accident on the road. It's tun right up to the rules." " May be you joined tho Freethinkers f I said. "Scrub road," said the brakeman; "dirt road bed and no ballast ; no time card and no train despatches All trains run wild, and every engineer makes bis own time, jost es he pleases. Smoke if you want to ; kind of a go-as-you-please rood. Too many side tracks, and every switch wide open all the time, with the switchman sound asleep and the target lamp dead out. Get on as you please and get oft when you want to. Don't have to show your tickets, and the conductor isn't ex- pected to do anything but amuse the pas- sengers. No, Bir, I was offered a pass, but I don?t like thc line. I don't lil*« tn travel tm a rood «Int lino-no terminus. ¡Jo you Know, sir, I asked a division superintendent where that road run to, and he said he hoped to die if ho knew. I asked him if the general superintendent could tell me, and he said he didn't believe they had a general superin- tendent could tell me, and he said he didn't believe they bad a general superintendent, and if they had he didn't know anything more about tile road than thc passengers. I asked him who he reported to, aud he said ' nobody.' I asked a conductor who he got MB orders from, and he said he didn't take orders from any living man or dead ghost. And when I asked the engineer who he got his orders from, he said he'd like to seo anybody give ' him orders ; he'd run that train to suit nim Bclf, or he'd run it into the ditch. Now, yon see, sir, I'm a railroad man, and I don't care to run on a road that bas no time, makes no connections, runs nowhere, and bas no superintendent. It may be all right, but I've railroaded too long to understand it." " Maybe you went to the Congregational church ?" I said. " Popular road," said the brakeman, "and old road, too ; one of the very oldest in this country. Good road bed and comfortable cars. Well managed road, too ; one of the very oldest in this country. Good rood bed <jMi4M»mfwfci»i»i» -w>u moliagul1 marl, too ; directors dou't interfere with division superintendents and train orders. Roads mighty popular, but it's pretty independent, too. Yes, didn't one of the division superin- tendents down East discontinue one ol the oldest stations on this line two or three years ago? But it's a mighty pleasant road to travel on. Always has such a splendid class of passengers." " Did you try the Methodist!" I said. " Now you're shouting," he said, with some enthusiasm. "Nice road, eh? Fast time and plenty of passengers. Engines carry a power of steam, and don't you forget, it ; steam gauge shows a hundred and enough all the time. Lively road ; when the conductor Bhouts ' All aboard,' you can hear him to the next station. Every train light shines like a headlight. Stop-over checks are given on all through tickets ; passengers can drop off the train as often as he likes, do the station two or three dayB, and hop on the next revival train that comes thundering along. Good, whole-BOuled, companionable conductors ; ain't a road in the country where the pas- sengers feel more at home. No passes ; every passenger pays full traffic rates for bis ticket. Wcsieyan- nouse air brake on all trains, too ; pretty safe road, but I didn't tide over it yesterday." " Perhaps you tried the Baptist !" I guessed once more. "Ah, ah 1" said the brakeman, "abe's a daisy, isn't she! River joad; beautiful curves ; sweep round anything to keep close to the river ; but it's all steel rail and rock ballast, single track all the way, and not a side from the round house to the terminal. Takes a heap of water to run it through, double tanks at every station, and there isn't au engine in the shops that can pull a pound or run a mile with less than two gauges. But it runs through a lovely country ; these river roads always do ; river on one side and hills on the other, and it's a steady climb vp the grade all the way till the run endB where the fountain-head of the river begins. Yes, sir, I'll take the river road every time for a lovely trip, sure connections and good time, and no prairie duet blowing in at the windows. And yesterday, when the condnotor came around for the tickets with a little basket punch, I didn't ask him to pass me, but I paid my fare like a little man-twenty five cents for an hour's run and a little concert by the passengers thrown in. I tell you, Pilgrim, you take the river road «hen you want-" But just here the long whistlo from the engine announced a station, and the brake- man hurried to the door shouting : "Zionsville! This train makes no stop between here and Indianapolis 1"-Burlingtou Haickcyi: 