ECIaIOvJS OFP MELBO URNS. (By Te.r GHosT.) What has become of the Federation question? For aught one hears of it now it might just as well never have been be fore the public. All interest in regard to a " United Australia" is at the present time as dead as Queen Anne. ' As for Mr. Service, although passing glimpses of the honourable gentleman may at rare inter vals be caught in Collins-street, the Vic torian Premier no longer occupies the fore ground in colonial affairs. He has been deposed from his pride of position as "the observed of all observers" by one of his lieutenants in the Ministry, and that gal lant soft goods warrior, Colonel Sargood, is now the cynosure of all eyes. For the talk is of war, warlike, and the anticipated outbreak of hostilities with Russia fills men's minds to tlhe exclusion of all other topics, a battle of tariffs between Victoria and New South Wales inclusive. And so it happens that although the head of the Ministry has not been farther away from us than Sorrento, lie might just as well have been resident at Timbuctoo or Gee long, as far as the political gossip of the day is concerned. And re the said political gossip, it may be chronicled that the Min isters who now preside over the destinies of Victoria are evidently desirous of re stricting the knowledge of their doings in the presentand intentions in regard to the future within the narrowest .possible limits.The scraps of informatioungrudgingly vouchsafed to the representatives of the Press at the close of Executive meetings, or in the sancume sanctoruma of the Minis ters' private room, are of the most meagre kind, the motto that "silence is golden" having doubtless been duly impressed on his colleagues by "the canny Scot" who presides over the deliberations of the Cabinet. How different from the good old days when Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was wont, on Sunday evenings, to unbosom himself to the members of "the fourth estate," and open his heart, his mouth, and his whisky bottle in his snug St. Kilda dining room ! Since the days when Bryant befouled one of our morning journals, there has not been such a " scare" in Melbourne in re gard to a Russian attack as now prevails. Having sown the wind in neglecting to perfect the defences at the entrance to Port Phillip by the erection of the South Channel Fort, we are now reaping the whirlwind in the shape of increased ex penditure, caused by doing in a hurry what we could easily have done at our leisure. If the Russian bear hbs, by the massing of troops in the Caspian, and his overbearing demeanour in Afghanistan, done nothing else, he has at all events the satisfaction of knowing that he has caused a number of worthy people in the Vic torian metropolis to exist for the last week or so in a state of "blue funk." Y'et there is really not much cause for alarm. While the banks continue as at present kindly to furnish the world- Russia included with periodical sworn statements of the exact quantity of bullion on hand in the cellars, ordinary folk may feel tolerably secure. The enemy, knowing exactly to what extent his "requisition" for coin would be honbured, would be quite satis fied once the "needful" was landed over to him. For even a Russian is aware, as the French proverb has it, that la plus belle fills du mosde ns peult dolner que a qu'elle a, and would assuredly not ask for more. But there is really no cause for the "war scare." Despite the blustering at St. Petersburg, her advance in Afghanis tan, and her massing of troops on the Caspian, Russia won't fight. In sooth she can't. When Henry IV. of France enquired of his great Minister, Sully, what was required successfully to carry on war, that great statesman informed his master that three things were wanted firstly, money; secondly, money; thirdly. money. The same requirements exist in our own days, when a single shot from a 10-inchs gun costs .£25, and a torpedo cannot be launched against an enemy's ship under .£420. However willing the Czar may be to tackle old England, he has not the means of~doing so. Transactions for munitions of war are invariably for cash only. Poinlt d'argelt ; ooilnt de enisse. Writing of war and war's alarms recalls a story now current against a militia officer serving his country "not a thousand miles from Ballarat." When the project was first mooted of sending a Victorian contingent to the Soudan, officers and men willing to serve their country were requested to inscribe their names on the black board of the orderly-room. A number did so, while others did not-for it was fully expected the offer of service would be accepted by the home authori ties. In the latter category was an officer, who, to the shame of the craft, was a pressman. No sooner did he beconuo awqre of the fact, which he did by virtue of his position, at ten o'clock at'night, when the Reuter's message was received at the office with which lie is conmected, that thIe Flo torian offer of troops was for the present declined, then lie rushed off to the orderly room, where next inorning his name was to be seen inscribed on the roll of the gallant would-be "volunteers for the Soudan !" He now enjoys all the " kudos" attaching to the heroes ready to uphold the honour of old England-for a consider ation. The long list of unsolved mysteries which history has handed down to us pro mises to be supplemented by yet end mire. To the question in regard to the contents of the Sybilline books, theauthorship of the " Junius" letters, the name of tl le pison who " sthrack" l uclley, thb rel iutlqor qf t140 sorus of. }flWiam Shakespeare, and tihe Reverend Charles Strong's religious beliefs, has now to be added the one, Who is Mr. Boothby ? The Volunteer Militin officers who intend to compete for the posi tion of paid lieutenant in the Victorian Artillery, rendered vacant by the death of Lieutenant Hamilton, are very desirous of some information in regard to this mys terious personage. All they at present know that is he is a reputed friend of one of our "imported " army olicers ; that as a civilian he has been allowed to compete for a position open only to "ofiors 4of fhI Victorian H[ilitia I" and that it is cur rently reported that lie is to obtain the billet, the so-calleod competitive examina tion being a shanm, intended to cover the perpetration of "a job." W?Vre Parliament in session a question in the Assembly would at once set the matter at rest, and it would be discovered within a few hours of the charige being formulated whethler or .rt any of tne members of tihe iadl quarters staf hisd really beon guilty of conduct . unbecoming an officer and a gentleman." A few lines from any of the military authorities-say for instance, Captain Inch -would set the matter at rest; as it is, very ugly rumours of intended unfairness are current. Amongst the travelling commuuity in Victoria, the best abused men are ~ndoqbtt edly the Railway Commissidpers. h~thoughl Nessrs. peighlt, Agg, and Ford periodi cally proceed on tours of inspection along the lines, they apparently keep their eyes shut during their joourneyings, and their ears too. Else how could they fail to see that the first-class carriages are dirty, draughty, and ill- lighted; and that tile aplogies for eushious iq tic ~oooud class r lir, devoid v o studling, and mude fity by the expectorations of the many consumers of vile tobicco, who habitually are shaken uip on the brake-worn whleels of these travelling engines of torture ? No single improvement on our State lines can be pointed out as the result of the ap poiutment of the thlree highly salaried Commissioners. Thilpassengershavo indeed in tluhe way of coaifort fallen out of ithe Anderson fryingpau, into tihe Speigiht fire. Sanc or insiui ,he nsn Sosles, tlh self u~ce~sed insbsr'si of J. l. Slack, appears oetermined on putting the halter round his own neck. Not only did he plead "guilty" whlen arraiguned before theP'oico Court on the capital charge, but hle hIas since given such information as will as suredly supply all the rquired links in the chain of circumstantial evidence of his guilt, and materially assist the Crown in obtaining a conviction. Barnes evidently proferath e speedy exit to existence afforded by the gallows to the lingering death of a life passed within the ghloomy walls of Pentridge. The custom prevalent in France of coup ling the maiden, name of the wife with that of her husband, after marriage, was, so tie storygoes, the means of inducing Mr. G. A. Sala, the well-known lillcratler, now on a visit to Australia, to forego the advan tages incidental to a union with a wealthy heiress. The fair lady, whose almiration for the talents of G. A. S. caused her to desire to become the partner of his joys and sorrows, was, although a French woman, of Irish extraction,and rejoiced in the name of Doyle. Her charms and her fortune could both have been Mr. Sala's, who had nothing to do but " ask and have.". Iis sense of the "oternal fitness of things" caused the gentleman to turn a deaf ear to the blandishments of thie wealthy syren. And it must be confessed that to any person not impervious to a sense of the riduculous, life would hardly have been worth living, under the name of Mr. Sala-Doyle. April 2. 