ftocnl & (general $teajs» Anoltcan. — The following services will (d.v.) be ! conducted — Holy Trinity, Wednesday evening at 7.30, Rev. J. Campbell ; Sunday next at 11 and 1 7.30, Mr. Fox ; Stonchenge, Sunday afternoon at i3, Mr. Fox ; St. Paul's, Emmaville, Sunday next at 1 1 and 7.30 ; celebration of Holy Communion after morning service. Tent Hill, Sunday after noon at 3, Rev. J. Campbell. Meetings — Annual , Easter meeting in the church this evening at 8 ; all church members invited to attend. Choir practice on Wednesday evening at 8. 15. Parochial Associa tion, Masonic Hall. Friday evening at 8 ; business, debate — The War in the Soudan. " Was the action of the Government in sending troops thither ju dicious?" To be opened in the negative by the Ministry. Presbyterian. — The Rev. R. Kay will preach next Sabbath, Glen Innes at 11 ; Dundee at 3.30. Prayer meeting on Wednesday evening at 7.30 ; King's Plains, Thursday cucning. Bible class on Friday at 7.30 ; Mouday, at Glen Elgin; Tuesday, at Bali! Nob. Tiie Bf.ach Testimonial. — Mr. James Barry, of the Commercial Hotel, and Mr. J. T. Harris, of the Telegraph Hotel, have each contributed £25 to the Beach Testimonial Fund. A list for this ob ject has been opened at the Telegraph Hotel. Rehina v. Fletchers. — The trial of Jolm Flet cher, senior and junior, and also A. M. Fletcher, for cattle-stealing, is set down for hearing at the Tamworch Circuit Court, which opens on Wednes day. A number of witnesses in these cases left by yesterday morning's train. The Glen Innes Buildino Society. — We are pleased to find that tlie Glen Innes Permanent .Mutual Building, Land, and Investment Society is now in a fair way to secure the support of the public. No town in the colony has more keenly felt the want of such an association. It is true that a society once was in existence here — and to the. failure of that body the present company has to look for all its opposition. As matters now stand, a good and reliable Board of Directors should lie able, with a little public support, to place the new venture iu a flourishing position. We certainly think that if the public would only consult its own wants, it will not be backward in giving its support to the newly-formed society. We are prepared to recommend it to the public as a good investment, and we hope our advice will, ii fine lira liliftrflllr Mr. PaulLeJeuxe, our respected C.P.S., has, we understand, effected an exchange, and will shortly remove to the metropolis. Mr. Le Jeuue will be succeeded by Mr. Brennon, a gentleman for-, years connected with the Customs Department, .f Torpedo Boats. — Now that we in Australia have German and French neighbours, it behoves i ii to study the warnings of naval experts, such as 8ir Edward Reed, and to profit by the experience of belligerent Powers. The Pall Mall Gazette , which has made the subject of navy reform its own, has the following pertinent remarks on the blov ing up of a Chinese frigate and corvette by a couple of French torpedo boats : — "The first naval battle of the Franco-Chinese war has terminated in a disastrous defeat of the Chinese, and why? Not because the Freuch had ironclads but because they had torpedo boats. Two of these small mos quitoes of the sea attached .to the French Ad miral's flagship, manned probably by half a dozen men, and costing a couple of thousand pounds, blew up the Chinese frigate Yuquen, of 26 guns, carrying 600 men, and the corvette Tcbeug-King, of seven guns and 150 men. The French only lost one man. These Chinese men-of-war were not ironclads, it is true but against torpedo attack the finest ironclad in our service is as helpless, even if she were armoured from stem to stern, as the un fortunate Yuqucu and Tchaug-King. The latest demonstration of the tremendous power of tor pedo attack reminds us forcibly of the very alarm- ing gap in our first line of defence. Sir E. J. ' Rceii ile o inces ' more suo' the uuarmoured ends of our ironclads. He means well, no doubt, but he does monstrously ill. Good or bad, we have these ships and must make the best of them. But wo have not got torpedo lioats. The utmost the Ad miralty could promise last year was that they would build 39 some time this year. They have not yet built one. If Lord Northbrook does not promise to build 100 of these indespensable wea pons of the naval warfare of the future as fast as contracts can be issued, he will add another and final proof of his utter incompetence to discharge the duties of his post He has been repeatedly warned, and it cannot be suffered that England should any longer be exposed to the gravest of all dangers merely because the First Lord of the Ad miralty refuses to do his duty." — 'Jelajraph. Death of Mr. George Curtis. — The community will learn with regret (says Saturday's Telegraph ) of the death of Mr. George Curtis (of the firm of Melhado aud Curtis, stock aud share brokers, of this city), who died at his resideu-e, " Erora,'" Craigend-street, Darlinghurst, on Thnrs-lay. He had been ailing for nine weeks with dropsy, from which he died. He was a brother of the late Mr. Peter Curtis, who died on the 14th January last, and was one of our earliest New South Wales cricketers, having played in the first Australian Eleven against All England, and also in many matches between New South Wales and Victoria. He was also until his last illness mostpenninently connected with horse racing, being considered one of the best judges of that spot. He has left a widow and one child. Our Premier. — The rest which the Hon. Alex. Stuart has been taking in the invigorating climate of New Zealand has borne good fruit, news having been received that he is in the enjoyment of as perfect health and strength as he has had for some years past. The pleasures and benefits of a so journ in the lovely spots of New Zealand are not, however, going to be thrown aside jnst yet. Mr. Stuart will spend another six weeks there with his family before setting sail for Sydney, but in the event of a declaration of war between Groat Britain anil Russia he will x-eturn at once to take his place at the head of the Government. Naval Defence. — According to the London cor respondent of the Argus, it has lietn reported at home to be by no means improbable tint the New South Wales- tPariTai n e n t will advise Parliament «ex_to»T5u to entrust the naval defeuce of the colonial ports altogether to the Admiralty, the colony paying the expense of maintaining the neces- , snry vessels on the station, and a proportion of the interest on the cost of construction. It is thought by many naval experts that this scheme presents ntfinv nilvniifair/»c nvw flip nvPBPnt. nlnn nnrciind 1»u ""J m.»t0ww V V. ...W VWV..« MJI other colonies, of purchasing gunboats and arma ments which may soon become obsolete. It would, ; it is argued, enable New South Wales to have i armed vessels of the. latest, type always available I for defensive purposes, manned by crews kept up |to the highest point of efficiency. The compara- i tive cheapness of the scheme is also considered a I recommendation. The Admiralty are understood to regard it with favour. Once Moke. — Sir Henry Parkes has succeeded : in emarg-ng from the sepulchre to which Mr. Dal- ley oratorieally consigned him,- but he did it by little morc'than tin- skin of -his teeth. He chose his own groun I, daubed liiirself of the most orange I hue to secure the votes of an association which ne i belie vi d had tlie election in its hands, lavished the .J most rancorous abuse upon his opponents, and the issue is that in an election at which 1,591 votes were polled," Mr. Osborne, now as he is to politics, comes within 41 votes of those given to the winning .candidate. So that Sir Henry Parkes, after fight ing his election most unscrupulously, and flinging . Imud about in a way he has never surpassed, only 1 avoids defeat, and comes hack to political life in a not very glorious fashion. It is very probable that he will soon find his antiquated notions of selfish ; isolation as a policy for New -South Wales alto-. | gether out of place . .in the new life that the colony has entered upon, and will speedily j regret the cool, peaceful cemetery retreat wherein jhe was " quietly iuurned," and which inan unwise j moment he made the mistake of deserting. Sir I ! Henry thought; he could come upon the Ministry ! like "a ghost to trouble joy," but the prospect of , j his doiug so effectually is very dim, and before long 1 ! he may think with longing of the silent retirement j : which a mistaken estimate of his powers and his 1 | hold on the country induced him to quit.- —A rgiu. Forgery. — At the Police Office on Wednesday J. B. Rennie was brought up on a charge of forging and uttering a cheque for £3 10s, purport- ing to be drawn by R. J. J. Ryan, solicitor, of Dnbbo. After the evidence of Senior-sergeant W ells, P. Donoghue, and J. A. P. Selkirk had been taken, accused was remanded till Wednesday next. The Revenue Returns. — The revenue returns for the quarter ended March 31, 1SS5, have been published. The total revenue amonnts to £1,640,614 as against £1,498,935, for the corres ponding quarter of last year. The principal in creases are in land .revenue from sales, pastoral oc- ; cupation, and miscellaneous. The revenue for the ! year ended March 31, 18S5, is £7,250,940, as I against £6,461,528 for tlie year ended March 31, ; 1884\. ; On the Boat Race. — " Captaiu " in the Tribune writes: — Bravo Beach 1 He has not only fairly, beaten the greatest sculler hitherto seen, but lias ineontcstably proved himself a far greater wonder | than Hanlan ever was. "Qui s'exouse saecuse," ! but fortunately on this occasion there are no ex cuses to be made ; no possibility of a difiersnt re sult having occurred under any circumstances, bar accident; uo "ifs"nor " huts no interference nor undue advantages on either side ; nothing but the plain solid fact that the men met, both fit and well, provided with suitable hoats, and with every benefit that care, attention, and expense could se cure for them ; and tlie grandest champion the world has produced not only heat the next best ; man, a wonder himself, in a fair straightforward I race, lmt in such a hollow, easy manner from start ; to finish as to surprise even his own supporters. It ' was always a possibility, and even a probability, i that Beach might win, especially taking into con- j sideration the former match and his great improve ment since ; but to win as he did, literally "anyhow, after the first hundred yards, to have his opponent hopelessly beaten at a mile, and tlicn go on at an easy 30 strokes a minute and finish the course al most at his leisure, fairly knocks the stuffing but j , of all previous performances, and covers the j : calmest and most practical onlooker with astonish- I .' meat and wonder. Every man, however good, | : gets beaten sooner or later ; and no man can go on j 5 for ever ; but although Hanlan has been actively j . engaged in sculling tor about 12 years — four times ; ; as long as Beach — he never was better than last ; Saturday, and he can only account for his defeat, ! as any 'other sensible man would, by having met his master. The Canadian accepted his defeat, :: which means so much to him, aud has such an im- ; portant influence on his future, with calm compo- ' sure, but it is idle to suppose that he was not con- si siderably affected ; while Laycoek, of course, keenly felt the disappointment. I should be the last to disparage a man because he is beaten ; and I still hold the same high opinion of Hanlan's great merits and perfect sculling, as I have always done; but as 1 have often urged, it would require a verit able smasher to beat him, and the effect produced on me now is, not to think any less of Hanlan, hut a great deal more of Beach, who is the greatest champion the world ever yet saw. The Grafton Show. — On Tuesday last the 19th annual show held under the auspices of the Clar ence River Agricultural Society was opened. Its success was quite equal to that of any previous show. There were about 1400 entries of various kinds. Excellent fittings are the special feature of this show ground, and amongst them the most noticeable is the pavilion which has been erected at a cost of £760. It is 60ft. by 55ft., and in de tails is exactly similar to tlie Singleton pavilion. It was well filled with produce ami industrial ex hibits, and a few art specimens of an average qual ity. The principal exhibits were the horses, and in these classes the draught section are "strongest ; indeed, the stock shown would he hard to heat in the colony. Blood stock, though weak numeri cally, was of a good quality, but the hacks were very poor, and not at all creditable to the district. A large number of people, visited the show the first day, and this number was largely increased the second day. The work of the judges, stewards, and secretary was admirably got through by those officials, and there was absolutely no cause for com plaint. Mr. J. Brown's Drum Major wa3 the only imported blood horse shown, and was awarded the prize. Of the two Arabs shown a bay by Fahsam, belonging to Mr. James Mudd, took first. Mr. T. A. Small, with Stoekdale, took the fii-st aud also champion prize for the best stallion in the yard. Mr. J. F. Small had the best yearling eolt. In tlie 2-year-olds two sons of Rcngny, Bitumen an-.l Riddle, took fiist and second respectively, and two sons of Captivator took first and second for foals. In the mares' classes the same stock was to the fore. Mr. Smith's Asia and Princess of Tlnile, both daughters of Captivator, took firsts in the Syr and'2yr old sections respectively. The best mare was Mr. W. Noiul's grey, Butterfly, while Mr. Smith's Arrowfiight was second. The best mare of all sections, and also the best yearling mare, was undoubtedly Mr. M. Rush's bay, Emily. The show of colonial draughts was simply splendid. J. F. Small's Star and Garter was the best Clydesdale, and W. Small, jnn.'s Oaklands, the best Lincoln,, and also the best stallion iu the yard of any breed. The minor sections in these classes were well filled. ' In the mares Mr. J. F. Small was very successful, his Duchess being first, his Jessie was the liest filly foal, and his Maiden the best 3-year-old. Mr. Leonard's Diamond was the liest 2-year-old. Mr. Penrose won the prize for the best yearling filly. The farm produce was plentiful, and of a fair qual ity. W. G. Hart took first for wheat, G. Crispin took first for cleanest anil best maize, for millet, for pumpkins, for oaten hay, and second for red core maize in the cob. He also took first and second for best collection of produce from one farm. Amongst the cattle classes Mr. T. H. Smith was successful with his Duke of Deerlington (champion Durham bull), Wave Witch (champion Durham cow), and the heifer calf. Hon. E. D. Ogilvie was also to the fore with the , best bull calf and best yearling heifer. Mr. Ogilvie also took a number of prizes in the fat stock sections. Patrick Neal anil T. Hewitt gained awards in the minor sections of this class, the latter having also the prize 2-year- old Hereford bull. Mr. Tiiub's Lord Collingliam was the best Hereford bull. A Critical State of Things at Silverton. — The water supply oil the field is nearly exhausted, and the soakage water.at Silverton has caused an outbreak of typhoid fever. A large meeting was held at Silverton on the 24th March, when resolu tions were unanimously passed urging the Govern ment to construct tanks, in compliance with for mer memorials, and, meanwhile, to arrange for tlie erection of condensers. The population of Silver- ton approaches 2,000 people. Things are now in a very critical condition, and the place mnst even- tually be abandoned if the Government does not take steps to furnish water. ctThe inspect >r o -elections in the Forbes district was some time since, in the performance of his duty, examining a selection j..' the. owner of which (residing at a distance) assured him that the un tenanted hut they were inspecting was & honuJide residence. Going inside, the inspector looked up a chimney of virgin purity., , " Doesn't look as if uuch smoke had gone up tliis, niy man !" " Well," " said the Crown tenant, "I did think the Govern ment would have "sent a gentleman to do its work aiul'BOt a chimney-sweep !" When we ( Telegraph ) thiuk over the magnitude of Russia's naval and military- strength and our own littleness, we can imagine liow easily that nation in the midst of a Russo-English war could spare sufficient men-of-war to make some havoc in Sydney. The' nominal strength of the Russian army, reorganised since the Turkish war, is esti mated at 2,300,000 men on the war footing, anil 780, 0S1 on the peace footing. The navy consists of the Baltic fleet, and fleets in the Black ami China Seas, and a large number of naval floating forces in tlie Aral and Caspian Seas and in Silieria. The navy comprises 3S9 steam vessels, of which only 29 are ironclads, and the armament is com posed of 836 guns. The nation is saddled with a great debt, the precise amount of which is un known. The interest bearing portion is about £416, 500, (MP, and in the Budget of last year 110 less a sum than £28,673,925 was set down for the interest of the national debt. Tlie Russian Em pire is said to comprise one-tenth of the discovered world, or very nearly the extent of the British do minions. It embraces more than half of Europe, one third of Asia, aud, until lately also included a large section of North America. The population iu 18S2 was 100,018,342. 