BJappofough flogpM Ball. Tirio Amuuil Plain undFunoy Di'ohh Hall iu aid of tho. Maryborough Hospital wa# .hold oii',Thm'8dfty',...8.th>OoM toboi'i ab Mr. Barling's Hall, and proved a groat suc cess, Tho following is a list of tho gnosis and.a dca , orlptlon oil 1.110 aosbumos i—Miss Aloxatidor, evening dross j ovoam.nuna veiling ;■ trimmings of oofVoo laoo ; "o'ardlnal plasbrolo. •■.Mia# N,:Am'orotty, evening dross ) wlilto dross, trimmod with laoo and Vpoatla, -Mia# Lilly .Arnorotby, " Mischief', ; oroam dross, oai'dlnal band across back, with sllvor debtors; -cardinal so aril, with 1 allvor trimmings to maboh., : Mr, Andoraon, ovonlng "dross, Miss - Buchanan, "Tambourine Girt) short soarlot skirt, trimmod with bands ofblaok volvot, blaok volvot bodico, riohly spangled with gold and oolns, aoarlot handkorohlof ovor hoad, tnmbourluo, coins,: oto. Mr, Bowman, M.L.A., ovoning dross, Mr. H. Illoustoln ovonlng, dross, Mr, Burbloy, ovonlng dross, Miss ID, Child, " Rod White and Bluo.1' Mr. Olartco, ovonlng , dross. Miss Churchwards, ovoning dross, Mr. B, Oasoy ovonlng dross. Miss Oasoy, " Maryborough Volunteer Firo Brigade" ) rod cloth jacket, with gold laoo fnoings, Epaulottos of gold laoo j blaok loalhor bolt, koy, cap trimmod with gold laoo, having initials oil brlgndo, M.V.F.B., blaok volvot skirt, trimmod with representa tions of .hose rod,, apparatus, ouglno, hoso, etc., and gold laoo with motto, " lloady, ayo ready I" in goltl lot tors, shoos, stockings and gloves to match, Miss M, Conway, " "Winter," dross of blaok satin, drapery and train of black brooho, iloocod with snow ) blaok laoo veil with wreath of holly berrlos ; silver jowollory, Mr. '1', Domalllo, ovonlng dross. Blaok silk and brooho, richly trimmod-with guipure laoo j borbha of crorao. Spanish laoo and pink hyaoinbhos ) oromo sack gloves j gold jowollory, Mr, Dunn, ovonlng dress, Mr, Dudley, evening dross. Mr It. H, Earl, " Louis XIII, King of Franae," blaak volvot jackot, oloak and bolt, elabor ately trimmed 'with bluo satin puffings and silver spangles ) largo folt hat, with bluo and white plumes ; shoos to matohos. Mr. Frasor, ovonlng dross. Mrs. Frasor, evening dross. Mr, F, J, Fiold, " Prlnco of Walos Light I-Iussar," Vory handsome, Boal silver laoe, Mrs. F. J. Fiold, ovonlng dross ; brocaded satin, Mr, H. Fahoy, " Lord Darnloy," ruby colored volvot and blue satin spangled suit ; sllvor trimmings j bluo stockings ; largo white foathor in cap. Miss Glon, "Boso Blossom." Miss Grave, oyoning dross. Mr. Hussoy evening dross, Mr. F.'.-Hurling, ovonlng dross. Mr. Harris, evoning dross. Mrs, Harris, evening dross. Mr. Humphries, evening dress. Mr, Hughes, evening dross. Miss Hamilton, " Highland Lassie," Plaid skirt and scarf, hoso, green volvot bodico, and Scotch cap, Mr, | Jenkyn, ovonlng dress. Miss Kinnoar, evoning dross. Mrs King, evening dress j pale blue satin bodioo ; cream Indian muslin skirt, and laaa. Miss King, evoning dross ; pink satin bodice, ; honiton lace j white embroidered; ••lawn skirt. Miss Annie King, " Winter," Black laoo, with swans-down trimming ; silver jowellory, and fan to match, Miss Kate Kennedy. " Plrato Queen," short ! skirt of gold and blaok satin, richly trimmed with gold fringe, laoo and braid, with front of crimson plush, spangled and ornamented with gold bands, staTs and crescents, flnishod with sash of gold tissues. Bowio knife belted at side j low bodioo of crimson plush, with trimmings of gold fringe and braid ; with spanglod vest, head- dress of gold tissue, caught with diamond arrow j cremosao gloves ; high black satin spangled boots ; gold Hawullery. Miss Konuedy,' " Stars' and Stripos." Bluo velvet jaokot, with stars, striped skirt ; cap trimmed with stars and stripes, shoes and stockings to match. Miss Levi,." Lurline" (a water nymph.) Pink and blue satin skirt, trimmed wito spanglos and silver frlngo ; body handsomely spangled ; gauze draping from the shoulders; silver crown ; long spnnglod boots. Mr, Lairdman, evening dross, Mr. Lord, evening dress. Mrs.' Lord, evening dress. Mr, Laidlor, evoning dress. Mrs. Laidler, evening dress ; Indian muslin skirt ; oardinal ^muslin bodice,j trimmed with lace, Mr. Lowenstein, , evening dress. Mrs. Lowenstoin, evening dress ; fawn isatin skirt, trinimO^ with lace, bodice and paniers of silk canvas ; laoe caj^gold jewellery, Miss Lowenstein, "A Eomany Lass,!'. ' ^hort.pale bluo satin skirt, cream satin bodico, red,satin zouave jacket, spangled, red satin spangled sash, with silver bells; head clress, red silk handkerchief, with coins and tinsel gauze, coin jewellery tambourluo, rod hlooking and Htrappod boots, Mr, | Mosohottl, ovonlngdross. Mi'h, Mosohottl, ovonlng(Irons| a shaded bluo silk bod loo, trimmed with oroam laoo and ribbons, oroam oolorod skirt, fn.ii and glovos nuitoh, M!r. Maokair/Ia, o von tag dross, Mr, Maokay, Odd follows' uniform, Mr Morry, ovonlng drasss. M,r, Morris, ovon :i»g dross, Mr, M'Lay, ovonlngdrpss, Br, Mlllor, ovon lug dross, Miss Oxloy, ovonlng ilvos«. Palo groon Indian mnslln i trimmings of aroam; laoo. Mr. If, T, Outtrlm, ovonlng dross, Mrs. If, T. puttrlm, ovon lug dross, gown of nmbor satin draped with rloli wlilto laoo, oaughit with flots of pink ohartrouso and ambor ribbons and pink rosos ) vandyko front, odgad with poarls, fringe and gold ombroldory; goldon buttor oups In hair ; pink foathor fan ornamontod with largo birds ) ohartorouso gloves ; diamond; jowollory. Miss Outtrlm, 11 Good Luok," skirt of wlilto Indian silk, ornamontod with goldon horsa-shoas, aoross tho front panel tho words " Clood Luok " ombroldorod In gold ; broad sash of gold satin oaught with jowollod horso shoas. .Bodloo of gold cord satin, trlmmod with laoo and horsashoos ! poronot and noaklot of jowollod horsoshoos, stall ornamontod with largo horsoshoo,.wlth words " Clood Luok"; gold and diamond jowollory ; glovos and fan to oorrospond, Mr. If, If. Toarso, Pre sident Maryborough Hospital, ovonlng dross. Mrs, If; F. Poarso, ovonlng dross, Miss L, Proudorgnst, ovon lng dross, Mr, J. If, Paton,"Avooa Slilro, ovonlng dross, Mrs, Paton, ovonlng dross, ruby silk dross, saarlot popplos and white marguorttos, Edelweiss laoo gold jowollory, Mr,. Phillips,"Sailor." Mr. B. Pago, " Bandsmnn,"/ Mrs. Stovonson, .ovonlng dross, Mr, Swoot, ovonlng dross of tho last comtury. Blaok swallow-tall coat, with laoo sloovos, full-frontod lacod blaok walstooat, black knoo brooclios and stockings, buckled shoos and tlo wig. Mrs, Swoot, " Eod, whlto and bluo " rod, wlilto and bluo skirt, rod volvot bodloo, rod, wlilto and bluo cap, Miss E. Stovonson, ovonlng dross, pink broalia satin, rlolily trimmed with Oriental laoo, flowers and glovos to matoh. Miss A. Stevenson, "Hornot," black satin dross, handsomely ombroldorod with gold braid; oap and fan to matoh. Wings >of goldon gaUKo, nnd long blaok glovos and blaok stockings and shoos, Mr. Solomon, ovonlng dross, Mrs, Solomon, "Good Luck," blaok volvot short dross, ornamented with gold horso-shoes, horse-shoo cap with " G hod Luok" In gold letters, gold ornaments, shoes and blaok silk stockings, Mr. "Woller, evening dross, Mrs, Weller, and Mrs. Whitney, ovonlng dross. Mr, Wators, ovonlng dross, Mrs, Wators, evening, dross,, blaok satin .and laoo. Miss Wators, ovoning dross, croam and oardinal satin. Mr. Wigg, ovonlng dross. Mrs. Wlgg, ovoning dross, A PmwLDELPjnA newspapor makes tho following pleasant remarks on Joffersoii Davis :—" Tho tvonblo Is that ho Is billons in his Intellect, gangroonod in his principles, and color-blind in his memory. Ho Is a dis mal ghost, who dances along tho horizon of' a now. epoch without roalising. that tho dawning,light ought to bo tho signal for his departure." * ■■ .■■#■■■ Hehiiy Irving- andBaronos? Burdott Ooutts liavo quarrelled. It was tho Baroness who furnished Irving with tho capital for some of his stage productions, at tho London Lycoum, whore she rented lior box for the "season. But she marrlod a rod-hot tory, and Irving will persist in being a liberal, and a .member of the Beform Olub. Hence those tears, Timo was wlion Irving and tho Baroness would go yachting together, to tho Mediterranean. Ashmead- Burtlett, howoveiy substituted for platonio friendship something more tangible, in the shape of a young husband. Then Irving was married already. Yos, Mr, Henry Irving Brodiibb lias a wife and grown-up sons,' So ho is not married to Ellen Terry, either, . . n . . * - : \ * ' • ' That Sale is a prosperous place cannot bo denied, but it appears that tho local charitios do not receive that measure of support which might bo accorded them, for owing to lnclc of funds, and increasing demands;' the Ladies Benevolent Sooiety have found that they must reduce their relief. Lively this; a inflection on the well to do residents of„ the eastern town. Now East erly do give those good ladies a liftyou wore .not al ways so neglectful of the requirements of tho fair sex. 