(Original -Ljk. THE FLAW W THE DIAMOND. By Ettze E. Avlute. CCoixtinucd frnm our laei.f I CHAPIEU 11£. IIau-veb. 4 I can't make out whrt raised tlve ! sepoit— bow absurd.' Mr. fvenelyde l»eghed ?wiiila speaking. He was open ing the organ, airungicig lie siand for his wife's music, -&c;, -£c, all fie while. 1 Wl at ? she answered, looking for II Diavolo among1 some opera?. : 4 Why, this stllv story of ghosts In cur shru» bery.* ?Nonsense, indie-V said ate, *I Laven't heard it before.* ? * No? it's all nwr the township, how ever. F.fiter Fe C was comirg here for the globules \tu ordered her little brother, if worse, at 10 o'clock this morning — coming through the Wattle Walk — heard voices, and saw figures, and eo the fainted daad away. Pcor girl was overdone with the nursing, perhaps, and fancied it, or some one comes to steal. I'll set a watch there.' * Do/ she answered, aud they began to sing. The singing tve&t; on glori ously. Mrs. Ker.e'yde advised her lord :hat 6he. had never been in better voice. He acquiesced entirely. Tiiart they went to the God frev's together, and had It. all over again, before delighted auditors. It was just the ead of spring, warm, but not yet hot. In tie bright moonlight biil and dale, farm and forest, and the broad splendid sea below them looked beauiiful exceedingly. Australian nights are unspeakable glories. They revelled in this one. Coming htme to gether bo h. were in toe highest spirits. They hfd brought Carle Wen'wortb en suite. The brilliant Carle. He, however, said nothing. Mrs. K- nelyde talked and laughed gaily ; said Carle was intensely shy, suffered agonies from Li) conscious ganeherie when at SI e oak- bank. Yet Le often w nt there. C( uldn't keep away it almost set Hied. Me was a welcome, if not an entertaining {.lies', with (he elders, however. PtJibflpsibs explains his fnquent presence there. * Jo Hies, go the other v ay tonight; the road's bad here, it jolts so ; try the other by the wattles.' ' And see the grosf ; good idea,* Carle went first. He redd a splendid horse, rod a rapid ride fi-on brought him to the garden, or rather vineyaid. He turned up (La lull, past the * Wattle Walk.' Heie he drew rein, Kared onwaid, end listened to the beating of his heart. There was a light in a a window that he knew. His eye? rivteted their glsnces upon it. Suddenly rra horse shied so violently ttiat he nearly lost his balance. * Why d ? n her* said he surprised. It wasi.*c a pre-t\ — woid we n.ut-n't quote ir. It was from what Joseph:ne callpd * no!? te language's ? as w lien Ct-rle made a. like laj sms in her ureeeisce tie wtuld apoicgetieaMy a\cr her, 4 '.emit it fnui the nobs never u^cn't ?-- fw--ar b-fiire,* and Maud explained tliat lie was 'a cau' \ou know, aid dida'i 3-siow any better aniv h«'d got heaim of ti.oney you know. She osily wished ^ be. iisd ? lu'paic'oniz, where t-tray we? ' D ? n her' said Carle; he mcaut for string. Then he looked about for the cau^e — looked, and seemed suddenly petiifed. Two figures were visible, flying boih in opposite directions. It was half past two «utn. Here then were thc ghos ta of a verity j one wag -3raped q'ite a la ghoste wearing an orthodox white (or light) muslin, or othrr diaphooous txetare. The other, cli heavens a droll ghost, wore a fuit -H coarse cordtrjy S C.rle didn't belie* e in ghosts more than you or I dear reader. Whv, ihen, doesn't he jun p off his horse, and pin the more a^sai lab - of the twain ? fie looks quite sprctrai himself Is (lie man a coward? Ii -here anv'liiog in what l.c has s-cen to benumb his faculties into this horrible stupor, to half paralyze him? There fi© sis — still as a monument, till Mr. Kereyde corning sear calls cut loudlv, 'Is-y, Carle, seen the ghost, or the devil, that you sit lile one moonstiuck there so long ?' * Seer, it ! Yes — no ; no ghost ! Oh my God,* he cried suddenly, and b nt forward as if enduring seme sharp pan. & 1 Why, mar, what's fclie niaiter ?' * Oh — I'm a fool — I'm dreaming ] think ! It couldn't a Lin her !' 'Her — who?' * Idunno' he said doggedly, and with evident change of purpose. ? I did pee and hear somebody, or thought so, but. the mare shied, and if course I couldn't tell what it was like, and I coif t know no «i ore' (ihts determinedly), and again Le bowed down to his horse's mane, wri'hins: with some prcret torture. * Well, don't fiP frighfemdoutof your wits' said Mr. Kcnelyde with open con tempt, and turning to his wife he said * Well 6-e into this. That g' I Grace is very flighty, do you think mic — ? ' It— it wasn't Grace, I don't think' said Carle hesitatingly, *and ret* he cried, and tbp probability seennd to comfort aim, * I've heard of such g*mes as th«t! Per!iap8 it was her ! Easy cnouirh to peX one of hers and wear' h-- cont:oue-1, verv lucidly. * Don't let us stand here any longer. To-uiorrow we can look into the matter' said his host not h little disgusted with the 'cad's* want «f bravery. Then they went on. ' What a .white livered lout I' tficught «fce former, Iroking at Carl.'rt drad-whtia face; 'That girl thall t',' t}i-ui»nt fcfrg. Kcnelyd«« aa nhe «r- nt t-» tin- cliamber ; and, *AH in a fi?sh — a'l iti a minute,* th- u^ht Carl-* W«»ntwor:h and yet, ftire as death. ['«?. brnfe-2 i»y heart, broke my hear !* Ht» had, poor fellcw. Ilia coat mine could not ccmfoit his banker's *«-c-k balm 1 In one bitter minuse, Carle Weatworth had broken hiahe-Art, fo\ no one was the wiser, fie who «i*rkfi the sparrow fal1, Carle, fie se f- He will make ihee a recom p nfe. Pear not. No po mer was all still than Carlo r-r-T»-*» Hiding out of his room, and lefc he hcu-e. He entered the Wattle j Walk. Up and down, up and down, he paced for ljours — until the leaden grey of tiie sky appeared, and then was dappled by faint tinges and streaks of 1 glowing red. How he watched oue window: His eyes si rained — his heart rchftig, for iie had a iteart — poor fool ! Excuse him 5 He was so uncultivated 1 He knew no better.. Had he had our advantage, dear reader, he would have ', dispensed with so ufc1«es an auxiliary, long ago — nut lie hadn't. He sat down on a stone at last. Then he saw some thing in the frees, eonx-thing wiiite, fluttering just on ihn pathway. He took it up. A perfume be k -??'?? floated forth from a lady'd hnndkcrcui- ?', He sought for m mark. None ifetv-i V Just then he saw the figure of s woman coming* near. Gliding, hiding, it moved stealthily, seaiching for comeihii-g everywhere among the trees on either side of tlie \va k. He rose up euddenly when she was quite near and confronted Grace Slyuian, Mr. Kenelyde's * c«neral servant. * Oh Orace is it you] he said, his manner quite quite brightening op at the dncovery. * Y( s ii's me, Carle, or Mr Carle I suppose you call yourself now, 'cause jou've come in for all She governor's money. Little enough money he had once though as we knows. Hadn't he ? And what are you up j.n stirriu* so early for ?' 4 1 don't cali myself Mr. Carle' he answered ' and, Grrcc, I may well return your question ? ? What brings you heie so early ?' Siio Jiet-itated. 1 Well I was looking for somstliia.' * And I've got it,' he cried, in a re lieved manner, ' Here it is — a handker chief.' She, took it eagcriy. * Oh, Grace, what I've gone through to-night. I didn't dream this was yours/ * And who said it was ?' * 0, you needn't mind me ; I wouldn't know anything, be sure.' * Time was,' said she in an injured tone 'you wouldn't lia' Lin in such a hurry to fling me any feller's head.' (To he cridinutJ ) 