The Viking's Rock. CHAPTER II.—CONTINUED. Hyacinth longed to Bee the Phantom, but as yet her fancy had not been gratified. She would make Sydney row her up tho cavern as far as tho "Sea Snail" would go, for the channel narrowed as it receeded, and the boat had to bo backed to get her out. She would lio in the boat, watching tho fantastic shadows thrown t-Uio torch Sydney carried, lighting tip tho vaulted roof and dim archways, or listening to tho whirl of the bats' wings as' they; flittered to and fro with a ghostly Bweep. y When a storm was raging, and tho " Sea Snail" would have been dashed to piecos like firewood against the sides of tho chan nel, she would go, still with Sydney, to the entrance in tho field above, and after travers ing tho tunnel, would arrivo at the rooky ledge, where she would sit aud watch the turmoil of the waters below, as they eddied and swirled, and dashed with terrific force against the sides of the Cavern, sending up showers of loam, and then retreatiug, only to meet Another billow, and return with re doubled force. From the top of the oliff she would watch the Viking's Book, which seemed to defy the elemental war going on around it. It stood out dark and sombre from the sprays of foam which covered it with a white mist, as the waves beat in impotent fury against tlie rugged sides, and the sea birds, star tled from their rest, uttered strange, wild cries as they whoeled and circled round it. Sometimes she would fancy she oould see the Phantom in the midst of the mist; but the next minute it would meltaway.and nothing would remain but the spray from the surf. One calm day, when the " Sea Snail" was gently rocking in the ohannel of the Cavern,Hyacinth,as usual,was in her favour ite seat in the stern,covercd with soft fur rugs by Sydney's watchful care, for the weather was growing chilly; she was almost falling asleep, lulled by the musical murmur of tho wavelets, as they rippled along the sides of the channel, when she suddenly started to her feet with a sharp exclamation, caus ing the boat to oscillate in a dangerous manner. " What is it Hyacinth?" exclaimed Syd ney, startled, as he endeavoured to steady the boat. " Take care,dear, or you will up set us both ; and I do not know whether I should be able to fish you out here : it is rather a dangerous place." " Did you not see it ?" asked Hyacinth, in a low awestruck tone. " It! what ?" " The Phantom." " The Phantom 1 what do you mean, Hyacinth ?" demanded Sydney, be wildered. " Why, the Viking's Wraith," she answered solemnly. " I saw it there," and she pointed to the recesses of the cavern. "Nonsense, Hyacinth," returned Syd ney. " Your imagination is playing you tricks." "I am perfectly certain I saw a white figure," said Hyaoiuth in a tone of convic tion. "It must have been fancy, dear; the torch throws curious Bhadows; and what you took to be a figure was only the effect of the light. There is no truth in those stories of the Viking. I have been in the Cave and scaled tho Rock scores of times ; and I have seen nothing more ghostly than the spray from the sea and the sweep of the bats' wings," replied Sydney, reassur ingly. ' Hyacinth " shook her head: Sydney's ar guments failed to convince her of the contrary. " I saw it,'' she said. "Well, dear," said Sydney laughing, "1 shall not bring you here again if you are going to see the Phantom in every flicker of light and shade, or in every spray of foam. Now, dear," he continued, alter ing his bantering tone to one of solicitude, " if you will resettle yourself, I will row you home. This Cave gives you morbid fftQCl6Sf" He was carefully settling the furs about her, when she suddenly exclaimed, " Look, Sydney, there it is again, upon that ledge." He turned hastily, and caught a glimpse of what looked like a woman's form, clothed in white, disappearing behind a projecting boulder. " Humph!" he exclaimed. " Unless my eyes deceive me, that is no Phantom, but a woman of flesh and blood. I wonder what she can be doing, and who she is ?" " It was not a woman," said Hya cinth, indignant at having her pet ghost theory scattered to the winds in this prosaic way. " I am sure it was the Vik ing." "Nonsense, dear," said Sydney, once more. " It was a woman if it was anybody; and I should very much like to find out what she was doing. I cousider this Cave is our especial property ; and I do not like intruders." " ... n„ " But who can it be, if it is a woman ? Mid Hyacinth, in a doubting tone. "That is what puzzles me," returned Sydney. " I know that none of the fisher men or their families would set foot in the Ca*e for any consideration. Would you rery frightened, Hyacinth, if! were to leavo you lieat for a few moments, whilo I go after the tantalising figuro ?" " Do you mean you would go up the sidos ?" asked Hyacinth. Yes,*' But that is dangerous, is it not ?" No ; there is not the slightest danger to rao : I have often done it be-1 fore. 'l'bc question is would you bo al armed ?" " No ; I am suro I should not," replied Hyacinth, whoso fears wero evaporating before Sydney's conviction that it was a creature of flesh aud blood she had , seen. " You arc quite sure ?" ho said, looking ! at her anxiously. " Quito." " Then hero goes for the climb. Who j ever it was will not have had time to get out; it is not easy walking; I shall | catch hoe bofore she reaches the en | tranco. Ho commenced tho difficult ascent with wonderful quickness and agility. Wlieu ho was about half way up, some pieces of rock detached by his feet went crashing down tho sidos, and sanlt, with a great splash, into the great waters beneath. " Take care, Sydney; you will fall," called Hyacinth. *' All right, doar," ho called back. "I will be cartful. I hope you did not got a shower bath." "No," she replied; "tho stones foil farther in. Do not stop long;" " I will not be many minutes," he an swered. She sat watching him mount higher and higher, till he disappeared behind the boulder where tho figure bad Inst been soon. She took out her watch to note the time ho should be gono. Five, ten minutes passed, and he did not return. What could ho be doing ? Tho quarter gradually lengthened into half an hour, and still Sydney did not nrnko liia appearance. Once she thought she heard voices raised in angry altercation, but she could not be certain. The torch that was fastened in the bow of the boat cast a lurid, uncertain flame over the fantastic shapes and forms in the Cavern,and made a gleam of light on the dark ripples of water as they flowed past the " Sea Snail." Hyacinth folt the solitude oppressive. Oh, why did not Sydney return? Could ; anything have happened him ? Then sud denly tho thought struelc her, if Sydney did not return she wojM be in the Cavern all night, for she could never guide tho " Sea Snail" out into the open sea, or clamber up the precipitous sides. There was horror in the thought. She would die of hunger and thirst, and no one wonld know, till, perhaps, in some future years her skeleton would be found in the boat by some adventurous person given to exploring. Her nerves wero strung to the highest tension : she thought she must scream aloud; anything to break the hor rible stillness that was becoming unbear able. At last she could bear it no longer. "Syd ney," she soreamed frantically, " where are you ? Why do you not como back to me?" Nothing but the echo of her own voice auswered her, reverberating through the Cavern with a mocking sound. : How should she bear it ? Her brain would give way, she felt, if it lasted much longer. What dreadful fate had befallen Sydnoy? She knew ho would not willingly leave her alone, Just as she was resigning herself to des pair, she heard a noise abovo her, and look ing up, to her intense delight and astonish ment, she saw Sydney slowly making his way back to her. The reaction of feeliug was so great that she broke into a flood of | hysterical tears. Sydney was rather alarmed at her vio lent weeping, and sat himself to work to soothe her. " Hush, hush, dear!" he said. I " I am sorry I left you for so long, but I could not help it. The figure led me a nice dance." " Did you catch it.?"■ asked Hya cinth, when her tears had somewhat sub ! sided. « No—o," he answered evasively. " It was most likely one of the women from the hamlet. The sooner wo get out of this and home, the better it will be," he concluded abruptly. "But, Sydney, what made you so long?" she persisted. "I was so terribly frightened when you did not come back." " Poor little girl !" ho said softly. " I ought not to have left you ; and yet," he I muttered, under his breath, " it was lucky that I did." " What are you saying, Sydney ?" " Nothing, dear, nothing; only let us get out of this as soon as pos sible." . " So you did not catch the figure ?" said Hyacinth, in a disappointed tone. " Did you see to where it went ?" ' " No, dear," ho said slowly. The boat was now gliding out into the open sea. " Why, Sydney," exclaimed Hyacinth, in an alarmed tone, as the light showed his face, " what is the matter ? are you ill ? and there is blood upon your Lands." He looked ghastly enough to warrant her inquiry. His face was drawn and haggard; his hands were torn and bleeding ; and he seemed to be labouring under some excite ment,which he strove, not quite successfully, to conceal. " I am sure you have seen the Phantom; yon look as though you had," continued Hyacinth. " No, there is no Phantom," he said gravely; " and as for those scratches on my hands, they were caused by my scramble up the walls." " Then what made you so long ?" said Hyacinth, returning to the charge with a woman's pertinacity. " I have told you, dear, that I went on a wild-goose chase," lie answered; and I had no idea that it took me so long ; but now I! think we have had enough of it: we will say no more about it." Hyacinth was silenced. Ho evidently would not say anything more. She watched him curiously until the boat grounded on the beach beneath Haroldsdene; and as she watched, the conviction forced itself I upon hor mind that something had occurred to him during liia nbsoncc in the Viking's Cftvcrn, but what that somcthiug was sho could not define. [*TO I1K CONTINCKI).] 