GOULBURN. The city of Goulburn No 61 and Star of Peace No. 83 Loyal Orange Lodges held a religious service on Sunday and a concort and literary entertainment on Tuesdav evening both in the Oddfellows' Hall. The religious service .on Sunday afternoon was largely attended. Mr. W. S. Foxall, W.M. of No 83 Lodge, occupied the chair. The singing was led by a choir, composed of members of the various Protestant church choirs in the city. Addresses were given by the Revs. G. James and G. Martin. v At the concert on Tuesday the audience numbered about 1000, and were very enthus iastic. The brethren wore regalia of the various degrees to which they belonged. Upon the platform were the warrants of the two lodges, and on the chairman's table was the purple and orange. silk table-cloth of No; 61. Over, this cloth was a smaller one bearing the words Holy , Bible, No. 83, Orange Lodge. An open Bible was placed on the table. . -The; vocal portion of the programme was rendered by a choir of about twenty voices under the, leadership of Mr. H. Whitehead, .together,, with , Mrs. Innes, and Messrs. A. Edwards, and E. W. Foxall from Sydney, and the' Rev. Dr. Ellis and Miss Percival of. Goul burn., v Mr. Harmer presided at the pianoforte. The . chair was taken by Mr. Alderman R. T- "Ball, . W.M. of ;No. .61 Loyal Orango Lodge, .who woro i the insignia of his office, and was supported on the. platform: by the Revs. Dr. EUis, 0. D. Madgwick, - incumbent of St. Thomas', Balmain; B. Kenny of Bowral, G. , James of Goulburn, and Mr. T. Jessep the .Grand: Secretary of the institution; . Tho chairman said it was the largest meet- ing ho ever had. the privilege .of . presiding over. Ho spoke of the', principle of the institution . as grand and/ enobling, open for .inspection, worthy: of inspection, and the members invited, inspection. , The institution professed the. religion of Christ as the source of all sound morals.' If any , Orangeman : went beyond this he was not a true Orange- man"; but their enemies were always ready to point to the faults of them as orangeism. The chairman was loudly applauded, and, after the choir had rendered a splendid chorus, he announced that he had just received a teh -gram from the Grand Treasurer, Bro. N. J. Mackenzie, conveying fraternal greetings from the company assembled in Sydney at a banquet in honour of Dr. Phillips, the repre sentative of 35,000 Orangemen in America. He had returned an answer that the Goulburn meeting waH a great success, and they sent their congratulations to Dr. Phillips. (Ap plause.) The Rev. Bro. B. Kenny of Bowral remark ed that a wonderful change had come over Goulburn. He remembered about fourteen years ago, when a little sprig was planted, a dignitary of the Romish church in this city said that Argyle was not the soil to produce Orangeism. Now, whoever may be infallible, that man was not. His predictions, like a great many other things, proved false. Ho made use of the two papers then existing in Goulburn to fulminate his ideas on Orange ism. Of course it was the same old story told by our grandmothers, that Orangemen were sworn to wade knee-deep in Romish blood. But only a simpleton would believe that. There were too many good men and true in the land connected with this noble institution to take such an obligation, and he was sure there were thousands of religious men in this Christian land connected with the Orange order who would never take such an obligation as that. About fourteen years ago a gentleman who had been formerly master of No 2 Orange Lodge in Sydney, called at his (the speaker's) little place in Bradley-street, and said he thought they could muster men enough throughout the district to form an Orange lodge here. One lived at Bungendore, another seven miles out on the Crookwell road ; finally they succeeded in collecting eight who had been Orangemon in days gone by, and a lodge was founded in Goulburn. They found it hard work to get a room to hold an Orange meeting in. There were some poor creatures who ought to have known better living in Goulburn then, some of whom sold tape and calico and muslin, who were afraid that Orangeism would de stroy their trade, and who tried to play with both hands. (Laughter and applause.) But Orangeism grew. Men who were ignorant of its principles stood aloof ; but the Orangemen went on, feeling that the God of Heaven was on their side, and that the great principles they espoused were divine. He did not think any Orangeman in Goulburn had been found to injure any Roman Catholic. He did not think such members existed as would desire to injure a fellow-creature. Every true Orangeman is actuated by this principle — if a Roman Catholic is hungry, feed him ; if he is naked, clothe him. He will do his utmost to prove to his Roman Oatholic brother that he is inspired by higher and nobler feelings. He feels that he is a responsible being, ac countable to God for every act of his life. And Orangeism had existed so long in thiscity as to drive the lie back in the teeth of those who did their utmost to destroy it here. (Applause.) In the celebration of this great event from year to year, the breast of every true Orange man should beat with gratitude for the great liberties that were won, not by puny, Bickly, sentimental things, but by men who had some backbone in them, the pick and choice of England, the practised soldiers of the conti nent of Europe, men who were driven from their homes in France for espousing the Protestant religion, and the noble and the loyal of the English colony in Ireland. (Ap plause.) In reading the history of the battle of the Boyne, he had been struck with the remark of Lord Macaulay as to the anxiety of Queen Mary about the safety of her father ; out she need not have been so anxious, for her father was an Episcopalian in England, a Presbyterian, in Scotland, and a Papist in Ireland. He was not the man to stand as William did at the head of his army. Poor old turncoat that he was, he ran away and was the first to take to the road when victory was obtained by the forces of William. (Laughter and applause.) He felt glad in his soul and grateful to God for the success of Orangeism in Goulburn. Connected as he was with its formation here, he felt glad that so many intelligent, respectable, well-to-do gentlemen in this city had identified them selves with this noble order ; and he believed that so long as they proceeded on the course they had entered upon' they would' give oven their - enemies — for- enemies they had, and lie had been one of them ; he remembered when he would have run into a mousehole at the sorund of the Orange drum and of " Croppies lie down '' — they would give even their epemies evidence ' that their principles' are right and true. (Loud applause.) ' \- Tho'Rev. Dr. Ellis was received with loud applause. He said that - confession is good for the soul, and he came before thorn this evening as a ' penitent ' to confess, not to a priest, but to a body of Orangemon. (Ap- lause). He was afraid his surroundings as a boy and as 'a young man wore somewhat accountable' for the state of his soul till a recent period with regard to their institutioh. He confessed he thought once they were a regular set of vagabonds. There- wore' two prejudices in particular due to the ibfluchcos of his boyish days. In the firat place,' he had been taught as a boy to think that in Ireland there was an institution called the Brunswick Club, the aim of which was to placb on the throne of England a member' of the' same family to which that nobleman belonged who had just been defeated in his claim to 'the duchy of Brunswick. Another of his youth ful prejudices was that lie had beeu taught to believe that Orangemon were a political cabal, that all their lodges met in secret to think of No. 1 and forget No. 2, whoever he may be. But the other day he received a little book called the laws of the institution of Orange ism. He began to read. First he saw, belief in God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; then prayer, communion with the great God ; then charity, even to the man who differs from me in opinion. He said to himself, " Dr. Ellis, you have been in the dark." (Applause and laughter.) " Dr. Ellis, you have wronged good men and true in your thoughts if not in your words." Well, he found he had wronged them in thought— and he was afraid sometimes on the sly in words too, but he was not going to do it any more. (Great applause.) He was very much struck by one of the remarks made just now about our charity towards Roman Catholics ; but there is a limit even to our charity. You may pity and pardon an individual ; but if a system be wrong, radically to the bottom, you must denounce and fight against it to the very death. (Applause.) Now, Orange men called themselves Protestants, members of the English Church, or the WeBleyan, or otherwise. What was their differentia ? It was that they were on the qui vive against the progress of ultramontanism — not catholic- ism, not the teaching of the early primitive church, but of the modern accretions of popery. Why do we fight against these? It was because, though theoretically Roman-Catholi cism may be free from the charge of.idolatry, yet practically Roman Catholics are idolators. The Roman Catholics tell you- they give, to God latria and. to Mary doulcia, Greek words signifying the . former worship and the latter reverence ; but let us see what are the facts. He had travelled through France Germany, and the north of Italy, What did he see? He might say that it was no idolatry to have more than one altar in any church. The Copts in Egypt have three altars, but one God is worshipped at them all. But in the Roman Catholic churches which he visited he saw three altars, one to Christ, one to Mary, and One to St. Joseph ; and he found the altar of Mary was crowded with worshippers, while the altar of Christ had no man before it. He called that idolatry. He would do away with ultramontanism ; he would purge Roman Catholicism of the idea of popery ; he would do away with territorialism ; and when he had done away with the idea of territorial sove reignty, the pope would be a bishop, and possibly as good a man as the good Bisbop of Goulburn. In conclusion he would say it was for them to be kind to the individual, but with a wrong system they should put the axe to the root of the tree and hurl it out of existence, saying " for God and my country men. . (Applause.) He had only one more word to say. His name was on the second part of the programme for a song, but as he wished to say good-bye to his friend Mr. Sala, and as he had a teething child ut home to whom he wished to return, he wanted to sing his song in the first part. The chairman said they would be sorry to learn that the Rev. George Martin, who was to have given them an address, had been called away to Sydney on important business. The Rev. E. D. Madgwick complimented the musicians, and said it was much pleasanter to speak in this hall than in the Exhibition Building in Sydney, where he had addressed the tremendous gathering the previous night. He congratulated the Goulburn lodges upon the success of their gathering and upon the highly satisfactory character of the pro gramme, not merely from the speaking point of view, but from the beautiful rendering of popular and patriotic songs to which they had all been privileged to listen. They had nothing better in Sydney than they had to night. The Rev. Dr. Ellis had come forward to make a confession to the loyal Orange in stitution of having misjudged the institution. Now, as a past grand chaplain of the Order, his brethren would allow him to give plenary absolution to the reverend doctor. (Laughter and applause.) His . only surprise was that more learned and sensible men like the doctor did not see the genius of their institution and rally around and give it their support. It was often a matter of surprise to him that more clergymen did not join the institution. It would be good for the Church if the bishops joined it and the clergy followed them. He then referred to the obj ect of the com memoration and added— It was all very well to say that the church of Rome is improving, and that the spirit of tolerance beginning to prevail very much amongst the people. The fact is, the church of Rome is the grand political institution of the world. She has always aimed at' political supremacy ; she enjoyed it long, and to this day she is striv ing for it ; and in this colony, and in this city of Goulburn, he was told, the, Church of Rome is 'contending: for .political supremacy/; and if the Church of Rome had its way, thore would not ' be a single ' .Orangeman in Now South Wales who would occupy a position in tlie go yemment sorvioo. V (Hear, hear.) Ho hoped the reporters would not- look upon this as a ra?k statement, for if . necessary .the secretary of the Grand Lodge could bring documents to; prove, that in -this verj' town of Goulburn, as well as all over. New South Wales, .there had boon a strenuous opposition on .the part of the Roman Outliolic friends who wore pulling.-the wires, behind the scenes i >to prevent . those, connected with, the Orange : institution from . enjoying the privileges and : , emoluments connected with- tbo :public ser- j vice. It was not necessary to. go. into' par- ? ticulars. , There wore some here .who knew; ; to what he alluded ; all ho dosired to say was : that these statements could bo. proved by. documents Which cannot be doubted; and i . the ministry which attempted to shackle' the. Orangemen either from meeting in their lodges or prevent them from being employed : im the public service. have been obliged to; withdraw the document that was issued with this object. (Applause). Let no one tell them that Rome had changed, that she is no longer that oppressive institution that seeks to deny all rights of civil and religious liberty. Finally he mentioned the Deputy Master of America's statement that America would support England in a crisis. He hoped the Union Jack and the Star Spangled Banner would long wave side by side. Bro. T. Jessep, Grand Secretary, said that he had heard two confessions that evening ; one was that of the Rev. Dr. Ellis, and the other that of their brother, the Rev. Mr. Kenny, who said that at one time he would have hid himself in a mousehole from the sound of the Orange drum. He regretted that there were many good Protestants who were as ignorant of the principles of Orange ism as Dr. Ellis had been, and he would advise his brethren in Goulburn to follow the example of the Master of No 83 and present to any such that they knew a copy of their rules. It gave him pleasure to present to Brother Kenny the babies he had nursed, now grown to full manhood. (Applause and: laughter.) At the meeting in Sydney on the previous evening thunders of applause greeted Brother Alexander, the founder of the insti tution in this colony, on his being presented to the meeting by the chairman. Brother Alexander, who was now in his eighty-fourth year, landed in Sydney in 1835 with an Orange warrant in his possession signed by the Duke of Cumberland as Grand Master of England. Fifty years have elapsed, and now the institution hadlOO lodges in New Zealand, 100 in Victoria, bordering on 50 in South Australia, 50 in Queensland, and 206 in New South Wales. The ramifications of the insti tution had spread from Queensland in the north to Tasmania in the south. Our noble boys, who answered the call of duty and had gone forth to fight for our gracious Queen in Egypt — (applause) — formed a lodge outside the camp at Handoub on the historic shores of Egypt. He would tell any trimmers that belonged to the institution to leave it, as they did not want such in their ranks. The prin- . ciples of the institution were such as could be read by prince, peasant, or even the Pope himself. It was a matter for regret that it was requisite to have Orangeism to oppose such an act of tyranny as was revealed by the documents which now lay on the table of the chairman, and which were referred to in the address of their brother Madgwiok. They expected that their Roman Catholic brethren should receive their fair share of the emolu ments of the state, but no more. Recently one of the prelates of the Roman Church sought to brand the public schools of this colony, which are the pride of every Austra lian and the admiration of the world outside, as seed-plots of immorality ; but with note worthy inconsistency he did not command the teachers belonging to his faith to come out of the schools. He would ask his hearers to defend the Public Instruction Act in its integrity. It was a slander to the good men and women who conducted these schools to say that the teaching was immoral. He asserted that the teachers of the public schools of this colony would bear a fair comparison with all the various religious teachers of the Roman Catholic church. In conclusion he must congratulate the electorate upon choos ing for their representative Sir Henry Parkes, the founder of the Public Instruction Act. The names of the late James Greenwood, the late Rev. Dr. McGibbon, and the present editor of the Protestant Standard (Rev. Dr. Barry) would, in conjunction with that of Sir Henry Parkes, the premier statesman of Australia, be handed down to the admiration of future generations in this grand colony. He would advise them to return true men at the forth coming elections. In saying thiB he did not wish them to think that he was advocating the return of only Orangemen- There were many Roman Catholics who were true men. Above all others he might name the Hon. W. B. Dal ley. (Applause.) The services of such a man would al ways meet with a teady accep tance. He trusted that the. next parliament would be the .grandest they ever had, and would do their best to bring about that grand confederation that they, had heard so much talk about. (Applause.) Votes of thanks to the ! Chairman and others were carried, and the proceedings were closed with the . National Anthem. . . , Solos and choruses and recitations had been rendered in the intervals between.the speakers Those were; so. appropriate that the audience insisted on an encore for nearly, every piece. 