AFTER TEN TEARS- ' II. No Bpot in your great city suggests to me such curious thoughts as the site upon which the Town Hall stands, I can well remember, years ago, wandering over this plot o! Jand, aud deciphering as best I might the rude IniCrlptidnS iipon the tombstones. For your municipal palace, Messieurs of Sydney, stands npon tbe ground in which tbo dead of early Sydney were laid to Bleep. I cante- member watchidg the gathering together of sundry, ancient bones, which oace formed part ana parcel of convict human nature.-"Poor relics! They were all huddled together— the thigh hone of Mary Jones with the vertebise of Samuel Zomkins ; the .skull ot this poor fellow in company with the fore arm of that. This was when, in the cause of im provement, they dug np this old charnel place, in order to lay the foundations of your great Town Hall. A curious matter this. One might fancy the ghosts of the long-departed bewailing the liberties taken with their onoe-ehorished bones, and still further permit an eccentric imagination to conjure up the spectacle of consternation among those who at the lait trump eome to look arouad for these old caskets. Well, to this pass we must come. Hamlet found the idea when he soliloquised over Yorick'a skull, and luggoited" that; imperial Cteaav, dead and turned to clay, might' stop a hole to keep the wind away." Certain it is that humanity 1b only saored while it is alive and kick- ing. In tbe grave it ie but an indifferent matter. Here is the cathedral. Only fancy— they have finished that of Cologne firit ; and, eo far as I can see, there is little probability of any ot this gene ration witnessing tbe completion of this edifice. This is not creditable to the Anglican community. It does not suggest enthusiasm, and a liberal con tribution of funds, "but rather the practical philo sophy of the Ouristian utilitarian, that it is nut the house but the inhabitant thereof that needs religious support. As one looks at this unfinished cathedral, and then glances at tho stntely hall beside it, he is ' impelled to the reflection that timeB indeed navo changed Irom these periods of history, whose records are marked by the spirit of religious fervor and saotilioe. We think more of town halls and municipal affairs than of cathedrals, eh ? We hesitate not to desecrate the graves of the dead when we dtsire to build up a civic palace. Tims was when such an act would have provoked a revolution. But this ia an enlightened age 1 We must have town halls and alaormen, but cathedrals and parsons, and such like, I— well, they are not such absolutely necessary matters, after all. And so St Andrew's remains unfiuished, and will, for many a day. Indeed, if free- thought goes ahead as of late years, one amy expect to find ere long that St. Andrew's is turned into a gymnasium, or a police barrack. The old markets 1 greet as time- honored ac quaintances, 'Tie more than thirty years ago since first I trod their revered flags. Then I looked upon them as very worthy of too city. But now with the memory of the grand Melbourne market fresh in my mind, I must own that io this direction at any rate you have bien s'ow to improve. Still you have the satisiaction of knowing thit a vast amount of business is conducted within your venerable market buildings, wnich is mora than they can say in Melbourne of their white _ ule- pliant. In Melbourne, indeed, thoy are pbilan- tbropio and patriotic. Yon see they build for posterity. They have huge law courts which might serve the requirements of Loudon's popula tion and tbeir market, Isnould say, will pay when the population of the city is trebled — and only then, Hereaway, you hesitate to enter upon big works uotil you can see fairly that they are likely to pay. To be sure, yon might have better central m. rkuts, aud police offices, and law courts, and Parliament House ; but, at least, you do not cumber your revenue with an extraordinary ex- pmditure for non-productive works. They do so in Melbourne, where tho good people are animated by a tendency to illustrate the faole of the frog and the ox, and swell themselves bigger than their nature! proportions might justify. Mark you, I speak in a metropolitan spirit. 1 sse much in both cities and tbeir people to admire and to condemn, and as I see, I speak, That is fair play, anyhow, aud embodies the first principle ot criticism. Bcimorc market is another matter. It corre sponds to the Victoria market in Melbourne, and is more commodious aud better managed, 1 notice (with a vague sense of having ouly Been them last but a week ago) a number of mouldy dualeis in this market, wno are in no wise onanged tn ispsct, and who seam to me to wear the same garments tbat adorned their persons ten years ago l'uay look weil and hearty, nevertheless. And here the fancy comes to me that after all, the wiseacres of sanitary science may be all adrift io tbeir theories, The olaest and hslest people I have ever known have been the dirtiest. Look at thoss mm and beer sodden old "Johnny Warders " oae discovers in tho paikB, basking in ths sun, and complacently scratching themselves. Why,, bless me, I remem ber most of tbem as doing the like, and being in appearance the same, ten years ogo. What a commentary they present to tne teaching of Richardson and a Granville 1 Yes, I've a notion that somehow mother earth is a vitaliser, and that so\p and water may be set down as belonging to those luxuries waich, while they enhance onr enjoyment of life, serioujiy lessen itB extension. But this is theory, There is one matter in which tire Melbourne people best you hollow. Your public library is no credit to you. It seems to me to be governed on the Chinese principle of ultra-conservatism. I see so change for the better in this institution since I wbb here ten years ago ; and regret to observe that there appears to exist an unworthy feeling am rag those who direct it, which does not pro mise much improvement, The other day X wished to refer to some back files of a Melbourne _ weekly newspaper. Upon asking the official in charge of the library, I was informod that Melbourne papers were never filed in tho institution, and judging from his remarks, an! the peculiar smile which illumined his iubiound visage, 1 came to the conclusion tbat this mon strous exclusion of the Bister colonya' journals, had its origin in a paltry jealousy, rather than in any sense and the inability of keeping files for re ference in the library. Now in Melbourne, my dear friends, not only can you find the lesdrag Sydney journals (bound nestly) for the past 20 or 30 years, but also tho leading country journals of New South Wales, You should reform this alto- gether. But come, if you are behindhand in this matter, you etn boast of a thousand others which put your neighbors into tbo shade of inferiority. Being so near to them, let us see how you have improved your Botanic Gaadeos eincelastlgizsd upon their glories 10 years ago. Bat first let us seat ourselves beneath this well-remembered tree and Bmoke a pipe, while we gsza with rapture upon the pano rama of woodland, river, ssa, mountain aud rosk, which spreads before us. Ah I what would aoc your Melbournite give for this gloriouB view ? I who bare traveled, aud who have seen, I think, the fairest spectacle of nature that Europe, India and America can present, recollect none io which tbe various elements of tbe picturesque and the grand, alternating with those whlcn confer the impression of peaos and repose, are. so graphically pourtrayed, Yonder the river, or rather estuary, winding its placid course to tboBe grand heads in tbe far distance, lapping the shores ofahnndred coves and bays and jutting points of land, which form the boundaries of the harbor. Dainty villas, surrounded by blooming gardens and green shrub- beiies, peep forth at intervals from amidst tho wooded, heights. There a clipper rides royally in the stream, and a dozen steamboats are puffing on their outward or inward course. The sound of laughter comes from yonder yaoht crowded with pleaeure.Bsekers bound to some atonic spot. And at car feet, Horatias, ate the noblest gardens, Barely, the would has seen sinoe those of Babylon, swung midway bwsen earth and heaven, or Monte zuma wandered in the floating pleasances ot Mexico. Bat, halt i this is scarce toe tone with which matter of fact details should be commented upon. Mr pipe iB out, and my fit of enthusiasm is past, Let us to the gardens. Ah! I recognise an old friend even as I enter. I salute you, most noble and most reverend prinoe. If I mistake not, my friend, you were sent hither by Dr. Wentworth, and planted where you now bo royally rear your height by Allan Cunninghams You have grown, my friend, in heieht. and bu)' and grace, since 1 last looked upon yon ten ye r, go. You are as green at the top as I am and bald ; as fresh and vigorous as I aft gw y withered and languid. Yes you have the bp is, am Marvelous improvements here, anywp ,st of it, within the mental conception that mor-' .y. Is it gardens exist than these ? I think -> besntiful nave some lovely gardens in the Bra? not. They all the luxuriant glories ot tropic Ala, rich with leaf, but give me theBe noble pi xl blossom and ference. Happy as to site, age, antations in pre- and the taste and enthusiasm of the several curators who htve managed them, your Sydney Botanic Garienj Bhould have a share in the inquiry which, I unlet, stand, you always pnt to a stranger, " What do von think of out harbor ?" And eo I end my eoasia VIATOR, 