DEAD ON. 15ï CoiiYAL. " Slcnp mi. TMehmrmd ! Sleep ill pdn.ee aud wake injnv,"-fiiuuF.si'EAPK. Wc have not quite awakener! however; when one s i rps lor many ye.irs the awakening pro cess t ,lies sonic lime-one has to yaw», look aliotit, nih the coliwebs out of his eyes, «vi neens:oiocil to the friare of day-üüht, and ( cl Iiis wav about generally, and that is just thc way «nh us now. JInst ol your readers, in, il,nilli, have ^een Mr. Harlequin waltz tn and with «ne.fl.ick of Iii« waod, produce that gorgeous nff.iir, which cuises, all at once, a cli"r"S of "Oh my's!" from the un sn|.h stic.in (I young people who go fortis fi rsi lilac t" sec a pinloUlinie. Well, our transformai inn scene will not ht-so start'iu'j. Localise we h ive no Harlequin-clowns we ii .ive in plenty, nml not a few pantaloons F.iiries lhere are in numbers, and so aid", I aui Surry to sac, are the monsters-perfect tin Itp oli 1 i us. who, llmujili they don't frisrhteu .?ill llic lillie fahics, and goodie np thc nattah I v li'll" hoys who do wicked thiner ,ili<.nt thc t'iiin, arc nevellhciess vere un desirable p.T,.nnasPs. No pantomime is com, h ii' mihi.ut ils drngmi, and no s."t:i>:i «if foci« ty, I . restiran, would be co-;«v ..t wilhiint s,,nie ciniesirnble elcllii nt. Sn 1 n ; i in S eil :y is und.- up ol' particles-ill - ; i ir . I aid '1 .»fiiilii, si ion;; must up be poi -i d willi mci.il i.i nfMis \VI\I me bc irish in inri- j uer. nUci.lion.ilje as lu priuciji.es, pecuüur i-i j H ords, ni iqtm in costume, thick in tprorh. i and a ci.iod'iuexprcstililt way of nuking ? il¡, ni sr! VI S H irh'y unplc.isa: t to every h¡> '.V ! ids,..- lin ii while lout ensemble, in fact, lulu;; ' outre in c> cry h -|,i ct, li is no USP s.iyb . i I that « c l.. i r iy such prisons in our ini : I ' when we h .vc i and as thu imputation ¡s i o', j ¡?re.e I lu-y cn n basil}' lie picked out willem! j iii-- ncces^i:;, ol poing rnuiul to each individua! I and sayi'ig " i ain't ymi nor it ain't you" but lhere, I an sure you don't want me tn i rvphmi lin the»- which might lar.d rue some ! line nisht in tb muddy watery bcd where j p> or old liillyislretched himself out for his In si kick (.v. 1 Mi, 1 am afraid, be didn't pcr foim ci.ndc.rujly, seeing that an excess of I mud prtveiitedhira kicking at ail). Now, ^^yi^'é^i-ite^.'^oa that the? above >ra»''wjtit«î^l^'^V'f»»tS^. Í fwj ¿tjfy, Üi¿ goWl|i^^Äitlffi--tt<iini ífmplyi iétùkfwpr '^^mr^^^iat, .like ;,î)r,; WôttfV klúggard, jpifú Voow^ ?;, ? - ;-. ^ J^p^^)^jfia¡pa, fte,. :jmh went off again into a snooze-fromwhich ibey «re «ot Ufâyjtp *tjji»luo for anpiher year or, *D^¿hoúgtí thc T big " l'ain'oyo Meeting" which I saw pusted up all ovar me town the other da}'-''ort every wall and post, and ita all round the town have you seen the ghost"-what ghost I don't know, unless it's of the Colonel of the 3rd llrgi nient, coming back from the S-at of War, covered with honour and glory. What 1 intended saying was that lhere was to have bcen.a big meeting on this particular evening, and said placards announced that a farewell, or a testimonial, or something, was to be made to Lieutenant-Colonel Ilolborow on his departure, to the Soudan-it was ibis made me ihjnk about the ghost, because the gallant gentleman, 'only a week ago, waa as '. dead on '' for the war, os 1 am row .for things in general, and nd'" he's off the track altogether. Anyhow, it seemed funny to sec these bills posted up intimating a certain thing, when rumour said exac'iy the reverse ; «t\d ii was a standing joke alf over the town. Tfow or why the gallant gcntlcuiBii bas not Cone to ihe Soudan I cannot say-tiny more than what he said at the meeting in question, and wh'ch was simply that be had boen nomin ated as s.enid Lieut.-Colonel -this is what ls reported in your contemporary, mind ; mid to follow that report, we are told that he (Lieut. Col. Hi.lborow), reported himself at head quarters,, aud was told hy the Commandant that Mr. AV richi refused to give him the ap pointment because he was unpopular with the olllcers. Then wc ure further mlonucd lh.it out id five volunteer officers going IO Suukim (not Soukini), there were three who did in t core about him- and they were: first, a per son who owed him ninney ; second, une* whom he refused to revnnimei d fi r a billet ;* and ihe third Was a person'. l o was a dis charged servant of bis. Th'.-, is the leal cause of the gallant gentleman not going according to your contemporary ; whether il is so er nut, it I'B to be re; ret ted that such an o.\planatioii as that relating to tho throe officers should have fallín In ni thc Colonel's lips. I abstain from giving ii iv o inion on the matter. As !nr as ii known at pri sent, the chief oflicel ol':!,e 3rd Regiment Vo.unic'i Infantry has, iu his opinion, been "sui iip.u." The tow ti is divided upon the mutier, ni em.rsc, as it is upon evetythiug el,v ; and ? ne eau see "party " sticking out- at ti cry joint -which is a pity, becan-u pani, ti-an should be a!io\0 such S.na 1 thiaki as local and political jeal. u>y. I have a lot of good things written, and though side-splitting eiiiiii"Ji in tin ir wac, they ar.- stal- ; there is one tle'tig, however, is ¡.Ot, and .hat ii (ï\s ,* thc fact is, 1 have been thinking what a boon gas would be to our little town-you w>!l not misconstrue my menning. I hope, it is coal gas [ mian, of the other we have pienty. The Windsor fias Company Went lo the trouble some t-liort time a yo ol' incas ii ri II ii lim distance r'ght 1 i¡ r, i Ll jil to :ln* Church ul lvngl.iud Parsonage; und t iii distance was i free mili s and a quarter fmin Mr. McU'iade's paddock, Fairfi.'ld, to the itoin.ui Cuth'i.'io Chapel, an.! nearlv a mi'e from then- to ihe p.n onie o-so thai marly fivo n.iVs o! piping would bo required, and this Wou.d cost £2,500 ; whcious, Were we to f 'tai. a cn.upan} and i-r. ct mir own winks il wm.ld cost us between ¿'j.OOO and £ li,i)()0. Kow, 1 think it w u.d bc tar belter tn pall onize the existng cnn-puiy, who arc qui'o disposed tulay thè gas uti io our town, prov'lied wc g've I hr in stiilieieiit guarantee that the gas would be used, of i-uurse, il wini lil be bitter still if some of us became sh ri holders aiso. This is a matter which should be agitated: now, who's to com mence ? Ii is surprising how diffhult it is lo obtain newe here ; inryboily has I,,ts to say, hut tlu-j're carny enough not to s:.y it them selves- fearlul hst it should be (meed linnie tu them, 1 ron.ember and nid ballad being sung at the fairs lu England; tn.Uv yu us ago, about a young lellnw who wa» lagged for Corgi r\\-he « as n farmer's Soe, and had a soul above ploughing and hay making, wethers and ewes, and all thal s-.ri ol ihiàg, sn lie " ¡amt lo read and 'rite, eipberin', ami s pe 11 in ', and jngraphy," and became so good a scholar thal he forged his fat'n r's name to -, cheque, i remember the ref tain, bon-e thi"g in this style : - All ven young fel-lows, a. warning lake hy nie. Tnneli uni pen. ink, nor paper. Or else you may be sent across the. distant sea. And real'y, our people «tn as if they had this relnia co-iii'iua Iv rio gi i g in their ears ; they »ill asGuredly never figure in a iihe-1 act On, they aro so exa»pcr.-itini;]y cautious. Thus it i«, that so iiitle news encu ates ¡n .i legitimate manner; tor though lhere in.iv be ever so muí li scandal bandied about iou o.Ttiiug ones l'ietiils and iiei^iiiio'ii'.i, ju the must unblushing ti amur, none ol ¡liesa .-.ort «f poop e w il! viTiiiuro :o trust io iuk and pa|iei. 