A DEAD MAK'S :LOVE: Tr1 rain held c(m1..3 si3i01d1bly' ti tiheI :Ciinntios Elsea ?r 00n` could not possibly,, ovaehby :puotinges nuis ta ltlr hoin, d reoch ithe atl Laoo u eLt ehelief . sht: Wai, wot' throeighl and thrilsgh, Si steo aid oher old. groom, John .D i, dreiV, rdoiie undr. the p3pl-cor hed?e of 11 dilip13t0l buiplding,. thRat ceutkl itiililLbited ua well: Tho countesa "spr'i fronm her horse,' saying i." '".lle'o is shelter, at leasit, Jolhn. Is Sof this one of our farm-houesl -.Pitt upl I'the li1r0?s and we will wait in oine of the S btnhis for the etirm to'phes. 1'?3 ,. ".. .: i YJur ladyship foots ''. Ie:< ' °'thltatt : ·Areo all "thf rooiils?'diufp? 1";r ý "iwqlrod tims cuteoae, 3303 liilfiway up tim '~Nt l?sio t usl p; u li your llyship n:nods hi.::nt drn'oonl rrgiuiuti3 :t 3 as staltied ihema "?iwee ago; anud your ladyihip hasn given 'thmoi one of your farmihousos for " Oh : was it thils oidl " liuighed the couitess, and as hlo:e knocked,at the door .ith ier riding-wihip, itp 9ioned, amid an o icer stopped out. Io was tall,.slander, yI bstrlrigly built i0nll, tle personification: of.thn Grek iars, in figuro, streOgth, and c. rriefe; but withal so 0doealy palo that 11 tlbhololder could not decideo hether his boauty. was granter than hris singular 1 I llsr : ', _ :" . - i. ,', l " :'::; ' O 1" lo oexleiined,' os lie saw. the h ly, indon le."0 "I: came to beg for idlnission.: 'I'ho oldhlouso.bolongs to me, but you are thoe owner at' preontt; will yo0u give roi anid .iy oll Johnl shelter from the storm 1'" . 'You will bring my poor room good f lortuno, mntodmoisollo,.' and- she- found -hrself'.in a rooni hiung with Opaulettes en"id niformsn ; the table 'oi3a chaidsa of "books, letters, cigar-cases, gloves, cravnts; itk- statids,'nnd sn1all change. Ho srwept tkt table clear, and she seated herself and lookeo through the e\indow at the howlingg eunolner storm. "'You mus oopst k up us for , coiplo .of: 1h1urs ,lieutenarnt, sire er1alrkd,, "Will" youn I e n tie. Countess Else Arcon, oft * Catl Lljncet." . He bowed politely, bUi'?\ith alight hin ditffcrcealmostmechanuically. Insveory thing tlhat he ddi tthoroe vas somoetling measuredi allnost soulless, as if lio wront Sthuiglitoi custonialry forma of life by routinid. "I sn'Lieutonant Rtayionll Sternfeld. You spoke of ny keoplsing, you; but, as Slot me know, the ]louse is yours. Not the room, though." She turned : 1h6d sapko, and' for the first time theyy looohke cIh other in'tie fitco. : For tile tirt tiime sho marled his youthi- is ox ceedinig b?enty, his un3atur' pnllorand' slaivced ua if with sudden cold.: And Ili his eyes restcd on her lie seeomled to foar, lit,i lovely as she was.I Ho.botr?dt?dii 0ud10ln disconposuie,u and calught ?a? his:s healCt ;s one does' when' overcno by. auldden terror or sudden grief. "'ut; tldl little scene lasted scarcely aascond,ande they continued such a conversationa:ns genlcdly follows a first meooting. -She: glhcotl out of the window agailn, and 'eatcli the etlitets of tle storn l-vithl'ail, S nrifist's ilntere?t. :(- .m I "Does not tihe beaulty inmall tiislwild iHera impress you dleeply? " 'shaskled. t o"h Io hes ; nidk again -sho noticed l teroible quiet of indilferonico inl him71 asif he were Blsurig to the world and the ofrldd to hiim; as if ho could feel noithor oy 3or sorrow ; its if 10 Wo3e 3luuoldsolnoe, IteWrlul auto3atlon, in lliosoe fites Iis I stker l dul forgottes to 1p3t 'i tbliuchof In u0 col?r '' No ;I seeo aturoe's beauty nlt 131s5,t but I ca03 riot saiy:thy 3if3 be 910wyti . . 6 1(0 slnc "IIcf.0lly hofetligoblet t ; 'e 0 edr Nu, thl you ;I ain a little cold." Sup1?ur habitslO?dimp.' What can' I "tea mse n'cigaretteo." 1.03 el.sorry tlht I y have olly Vii-ginia. S to Coiack, shill get you some i3Ws y 311510 jlal'ede ini drbwnonn thio i13 "' Y' t yetl coolItoou .. 1'lB you can not sloke Virginia." 1orn lo , lot. Do you take ane for a .P id?,lsleo erleoe, with leOr own 1irotty= 0n1ily 33o~ei el olo cretyousroking -"has arOc313ejos3OUs: ShIvlnevo trjpd all kinds. My father wa1 an invetorate smoker, and my hus- is band,;Genora1 Arcon, was ill forfiveyears tl before his death, and I was his only nurse. h 1 learned to know my cigarotto woll during a thoo 1 long nights of watching and waiting, I :no the' clonoe bad ataisbphors of a siok room." ' SShe c spoke simply, and Stornfeld throw ler- a glance thab seemed to ask pardon for an inojutice ldone her in his thoughts. b " But you have tea and a samovar, I t soee,' she addedd; "will yoih give me a cup of tLea l-You seo I invite mysclf." a, " I will make it for you, counieoss" -t What I an officor maike tos, with a lady. in thoe room I" .laughed. the pretty o woiuani, taking.the old Clhineso ton-caddy and ,thoe nmovar into her own lhands. '"Bedzrdyi b0long~e tboyour rogieont,' . bolievo. Heo used to be in the Uthlaas, iindias son of Fiild-Maralial Bocordyi, is he notl' 2t °Y eon know evbrything, cuntomcts" "Olih=f yi nnoudlo r that Iain wellversod' jii:armiy inattoi?s:: Yo mitt romemblor thait ILam ia soldier's daughter anda It eoldior's widow. Olhohriseo I s.hoild not have flown no straight _to ai soldier. for shoelter fromin. t stormnn," sho. firiihed witll a smile. There was pride and dignity in h libr :smilo,- childlike - as hler eyes Twere, They drank their tea, the clouds broke away, and the countess rose to 'go. "Tlink you," lsho aid, as sio gave -1 lini her lhand, "and do noblot ino romamin your debtor long. Y, i a?e r:inviteil to come as'a friend to Castle Lancout. I and b my aunt, the Co0u ntces Odescali, wiill be 0 delighteldto see you. : Will you coumel'" He bort his handsomni head. Yo lor oerinissigii is an honor. Oar major;, Count Lottwitz, will shortly wait upon you with lise ofilcers" . "Goohbye, thlon, I alsill roach-Landul in sunshiio; '' As 'sloe rode awan toio oflicer? mob hler ' and bowed. One woas the captain Codlnt Linski, a tall, slaondor mai;, with a projeo tinugehiin; the othero waos Count Dobskic, ugly and' snmall, with freclkles, red hair, i and little, falso, grey oyes. ; :"Jiook, thalt i thie coniitesse frio the a cristle," said Liniki. "lShe ian talking with Stormfold. Howi did Stornfeld, Whoili is'in iceberg, get i mixed up'"- - The ugly little red-head ,miled manlici. oualy. ';, ,Steroifeld and a love-aflair I , , hie aid, scornfully - . • Not so-impossible,. returemd Captain' Linsld. !!Will you go with me and speak' 1 to himno ` : n STo Stornfeld ? No I'_ s'aid the little i coint,' shlarply;, and the' Captain went I alone. , " You have load avisitor I seeo, .II sold, as ho entered thd room.;' "Lord knowis, such a piece of fomiity ni?alen a bichlor's C don more homeno-like, oven if ehli is gono.' The tea is hot still . Yesa; thanks, sit a .was.tho Countess Arcon.-. . Have" you t criown her longr Or isslho a relative ?" :. a "?I aw liar to-day for the first time,'" .answored' Ster?fold,' in. lhi indifferent h mainier. -"Thee rainidrovlehor in."'-' 'You:lacly, dog I.Thoi· jloun w'ill niotb bo:sorrfy ihn thoe iajor takes us ; all to call nipon her to morrow. She nmust be o r i?oculmr :creature. Scandal: has never reaitlhold ]er name. Shle nursed an old ~hiusbai? onl hisn deantl.bd, vegotites a hoere with a ihalf idiotic old aunt, plays the pinaoqnmagnificently, and will notl hear t of a suitor. What is she like'! " "I really did not notice lher,'" said Stornfeld, in his lifeless way. - The major and five of hisiolicors mado ii .their visit to Castlolni.amcu Thle Countess Elsa and: hio r aunt Odescali received them clhanningly.. .TThe Countess Odes- t cal was omrcely more than a crltf iof whIe always smniled and ato, but shewans a- sort of a chlaporon for,the young widlcwr, and, wtitl th.e .oxcoptinl of .thed, necessary retinue of servants they owere the' solo occupants of the castle,. . i?"As a rildow," said the Coiantoss Elsa in' ftfrowoll, I have no roception, .day, but I hopo'whenever you are riding :by you i will:come in for, half an hour when' you hove the time toe sp:are--and s nimanny of you together as possible.!' : - '?There was a charmnning air of. coinimand about-l hr last iwords. : A a soldier's "daughter and a hostess, she wisliced to' be on good terans with all the oflcors but to none intimatoly.; When thoey aera gone shh said to her auint '"Well, dear 3iont, hloir do youikil k e tliei " But shelo did not nsk the question' for the skoe bf any naswior for Madamne Oddscali's liveliest mairns of expression, ,nias in otonmal, gentle ailo; -Shl e was treated by leer cheeoorful young niece 'liko. n poor ori)han' child, anid this Countoes Elsa talked with-lhor only to express her -own opinions and give lher mnonologues' an acceptable form. " - . "'You don't care 'iiluch for the 'major,: yotd would aty," pinsued Elsa. ' "He tries' to be more iuaritialthlian Mirsi. You like that king Count, Lhski tlihobeat; hie is iiot: linanldaoiome, and lhe seons,- to. have 'a wicked togue, hubt ho has somen sense,; y·i tllink. Iezcirlyi is na nice boy yes, ,ii ire right.,'lt llt I 'cainot onduro-tlhat; hideou COuuixt :Dobki iinor- ybu oither, iunt'i lo'lies never done ius 'any :nhaimo,: hbutt iswo tindol?aidd i'n6w: tli -proverb: Slied lour caro.'n.All ii all, weonre raging, :ire"wieo not, unti; Isn' it i li smitful that' 'ai diid im6t comno? it is':impardloiable I Of coureo, thie ijor said to themii i Gontlo_ 'eaii;, o iiust piay our respoctsn to the otintessd or whose estato we aroestationiid, .ind 'shl will iiv'ito us' to' dinior, on'. sm la0,' .S tthey idl cttltu eoxcept' h]ln. I-, ?are iiotlhifei about it', but. it owould' have' bodn "olito to retui'nthin visit `was forced o - ? irui e o hl i mi l i. :, ' , , - . , , STliu.Counto supposed tlt Aumt Odis-, :,il, nas, usual, hearn( little and. understood ecss, So ishe stanrddwlien the O1descali,-: i ,ionigi liar hleavy imoutls a little -Vidler, emidl, thii!sdy. "h'o\Vh-o " . - ."".Thea aiiei whd gave ino shelter iii-thu rai o?e-H WlouIv l iknoo hat isnnnmo ii ". \---'o\iato is lie c them 1 - 1'lhbide 'osoid the icountess cii th'l ushed ,looks, thuis sleh li?ulghedl, aud' adnlcd: \VWht silly thinigae woese to gt so angry, An'etiunit lon. smiled, as usure'o. ' T• e T dut ites did her dutly; el invited the Ofliiors Who lella visited heer to dino at ILinlcut; IleThe diioilor passed off as. :such dilndrse do. Thlcy. told iiiilitary anccclthes, talked lpolitics, Paid a ioi cont pilineints to tlheo lady of thie hoiune,atd, diannk and fel completely at cnase; In one of tlhe Uneedotas Lioeutoinnt Sterifeld's nianie cnao.un . u i i uot "OU know him; Coountcss' " inter iaDpod Captin Lineki, involuntary. ) .: \- 'E i is a m&ilbir; of your r'ginioit nlto gave ,nlo shllton,:ini thoe lens?miti:stortihl si(ld theonute anquilly,, "'\VWiry hle ioiu lith 'oU whlen you c'0ll 1 ." Oh "cried Dobski, shrill, " Stornfeld is a littfo f, liue. fs a misnthrope of s the deeopcstlue. You must not rnenaure him by the ruein of socioety. Hare yos nob seen him I He is as white as the wCll. I bolivro he eats lucifer matchdes." Linaki gave the liottle man a dontempta ous glance, and, in his deepeot uoic, aid r to the countess : a "In fact Sterfold is shy. He used to be moro snciablo, but for the las ix mniths' he has apparently been ailing. ii Y'ot he is one of the bravest officers in the f army-a man of honor through and through, and a horo." " Until he had that resemitrae with Princeo Toko, in Vienna, about a dma.senae of the worao reputation," cried Dobsli. n "Theo dvantage was all on Starnfold' p sido, count." said Linskl, raising his vrino, "and you are the lost person to h rotor to the atiair, for the sake of your b friend Prince Toke." Gentleomn,l said the o~srntcss in a s! omioking voico and a haughty ifae, "you C are disputing shout the right and wreons of ma10n in whom I hare not the slightest iiteroest. Pray finish your frnmer astrr." n And 'hen her goets had l bft her, l1 Countees Ein, who had falked, laughed, i and plaNed her bost leanod her lovely a head on Auntno Moran' sahouldoras if deathly n .is r, anod said, fainfl .: It hibs bqeen a satud day, Mona. For sa " dunsinue, they said, and he looks litke yronn in his sorrow. .I nMa very silly; ona. Heaon be praised, Inm co red. h Aunt Mona smiled and stroked "the ta .lclick "of iher niece, who in flnt instfnt r birioedl asomothin as yet fonoless and n tmeoless ii her stillbsbsoul : 'sa Son the sumnmi, rpaase'd tkwaay. ?Thed t cotil:tcb I;poed her .days, as formerly, at tb tlto prao, or` writlh" her emnbridery, ixi a itnonspigucsr with Auiint Mona, or reeiring h isits froin the ofli?ers or from the Inadies '. of the neiglihborhood,, Slhe has natnrally ; too protid ever aganin to sniention Lieu. r tnanttt .Sternfold'a. name, rind shl i hea It probably piloito forgotten him, na it never appeared ini her monologue withheraunt. an Dut eonb chance threw hor with him. Iti was on the high road, 'A lovely sumnr driy'`, w changing into a :disagreoable t oftenaoooi of angry wind' and dust. The. -I CointcssElsa was sitting in alittlo pavilios r .attith. park gates, r?hero she had broughit her work, and now :she rosoa nd leaned t oveo. tlie',aalbaultrade to :watch a lit6ld .it caravan that was being swept along the ii road. It consisted: of. a boarded :Italian carying a little child on his back,; bosid a hini ran alittleboy with three pos, 'iind h a tiny girl wrapped ina coaree cloth, like o si scarecrow, and the rear was brouglt uttli by. younig nman with a bass viol, a viblin, b and a bundle of clothls.; They trottedby; a roor childron of the noutlh, driven forward by the raw swind of the north, and the n Coinltess lsea's eyes followed them with g thi shadow of tearas. One -moro can a after; but no, he did not belong to thmouh,O this tall man in the faultless military cloak, i and cap pulled far dowd n oveor ris brows;. His eyes rind hors mot so directly th rt F he could not but pausoe and bow. ; :"Did you soo the poor people ?" she asked; assho letiaed over lio railing. h The :i al officer neared the gates aind : rosted ono foof on tli:loior step?p of liar p paviilion, bt :soli did not inrite lrit ini. "Poor pooplo'' Iho ,inquiied "' s if astoitiahed. " I saw none;' ' '" Oh, you are oip in the cloudids " cried the countess. "Thoy woro just in front a of youi and at firt I took you for one of themr." IHe did notsnmil.. Suchathingisomod' g impossible for his quiet features. SOh, you moan the Italie..n+ musicians.' Why do -you call thlom poor 1 ;,They?ro a a two, rthey have children'with tthemn.. I call tlher rich.', Wnhat does youir tenddr I heart find to pity in theoni" " , There was sligh"t irony in his tode; , no t that of a desire to woumd, lint that ,whioh v springs froma'o bitterly roused heart. t "Do yo not see that they hire no nmother, and nohomo ?"cried the countess." , " HBornem hy, they have the lovelios! I in the world-Italy. ". . " Italy l'" she exclainced, angrily: " Every man has the land of his birthhi, I suppose.o But thl'so poor pdoplirnimust i Swander, wander, wmnder among strangom, i t misunderstood, cnming their lread. trom m day to day, never seooig the next step before tliem, going:back to their Italy witl a gray hair and weary hearts, and knowing I that she may .grudge them even 'their. . ` Anid there are peoplo .who isver mnay, "hopo to see their tiative land again, ncoun. toess," answred tihe ple off?coer sharply. " o There iar many quite respectable.ieople who eimndr among strangors,'staiiineormp :nMotlhe tongiia, or. grown quite dumb,l: but they find no pity, beoause they do notppajadotthoirloieliness. Do you think J an oak tree may not be lonoly, lolpless-- i inay, ot dio of neglect in thie midst of a I forest of oaks ?" Sl bhont hoer hoad and rose. : " You should klnow that bntter than I,! she said; "but the storni. is increoasin and:I am gromwing cold. Good night.?' She bowed and `-vanished rm? i tIhe lpavilioi-. - r °He imrsied lo is looiewanl way gainolst x tlho i:'und-, hbiot0 oiico li?i altood till; and a ".Shi nmst hat i(;sho isai d tohim Ssolf ;,"i' tid,ivl y? Thenishoe walked l rmurmured, ."Is `itiworth while I'"l And It whlien he renEhed ]1oioo h said to his Cos- o sack:: "Jd.i? lay out my parade things ato morroirt ' shall make a visit" . SThie Oountess nrcon wains o0i tld point of making a tour of- her' fieldl, whm she mheoail the boll anholuncing ia visitor. It soonmed to ring like a'cll for help in tho .1 ears of the mistress:` ' ::.- ' ' Peor Aunt Odceahli idl'po ori? ?otr,''t 1s linfimiunudil, and,turned back' from the hlidgo-gate to the front stopis. ;Tlmro she foun.d Lieutmiant Stornfold. She bowed, hitt stood still, instead of entorinfg the Shouso. Tl.ho bneauty of tl? day niiglit:be hir exctiso, :though lher rocoption was:ilot cordial. t o;stood bforo lioi as'i blfora Iiis getoural, L anid,? c oraimonmddiaiio :u I o' o"Aaidna la coniteosoe, I itmao ':omb to 'ijry 'o;umy -lyreeoitsp ;How beauiitiful ,It w;s~s baheuaimg and ,they walked togdticr along th, gramvelled path and arojmid theofouatmln in frontof tohilouso 'i ansioeroed more t?lmio hOe talked, but sie felt couvemrsational with himl in spite of horoulf. Slhe showed him* the tswo psavilons that lher llusbanld's parents lhad built, aid spoke of ler own lchildish " 'Yes," hle repliedl, ";otIut is inrropros sibl,. Ito isapnt and.gono, and we glivo it up, but" inalwayas Heems to be staoding hobhinduls. to koep n ,:soft nolelon .oir shonildderm,iil its swrat lmoutli "sayL, ' Thnauk God for me.' n I a S"Ah, I lik0 you now I. orid Elsan; "you would look- on tliose lior musioians of yecstonlay witlh diffoaront oyo eto-day, YoU o a one of tlosi e lioople n whomli tlhei ca atlmrhrb a hroet ihiluvnti llke Ielelhte.". S"Do you think so, countess?" he an seeorcd, aith a sad glimmer of a smfle. Buot ib aots a smie. "I think you arp Smitaken. Every heart )ots fwr Joy and. 1 ladnees ; there is none that finflk fplewmure in melancholy only beeauso th] wrreatr i elh?anlges. Thlao sunshine r tbtt that makeo our souls light or dark i wFit]. ts, and Be6 easily lteetl b", farce of will." I "If pooplo have heam burdens to bear," aid ahe countess, ' they Muot nob isolate themselvs ; thby must ooek cheer ftl peoanp rsid try. to lendl A cheerful life, a eatlo thro will tied oxlstence poor and "Do Tou mear, me in " he asked, softly. "Ye'k'? ho reterned, heartily. Pardon me, but I think you are a little unsym pathetc and unsociable. Of courso it censerns no one, lent . ,f all a woman; lit I am not a'woman - I aeem " neigh- I beour." lIe msnwerod her smile, nmil there was something like gratitud in his glanee and the. lirhst that came Into his,fa~e like a winter sirs on-a enow-loll. " lTtro you never hemlR, countese," he nledr, slewly, "ef a m ason who in a time of epidemic avoided her e?'n cstilM, nrd shut tis dear on her *eepsng ttia s·am ?--who died aone, withouts hand to' wipe the death-damp from her baw, thab she might care her chlll of' irtesion t Or say thah a man falho he is poisoneil through and tlrough.-flt the thneh of kis hand, the breath of his lips will brine hia own cnna oen ehers-will he nob say to?:those who love him, 'Blek'" Or, rrthor, will he not avoid every ýpportu nityto Iove, when he knows that hits love will bring iostruction to its object? Or, take a wreatchel vr."at on owhoma rests the curen of some crinoe, and whke expeetj overy vay to fooeel lie')land of igoindy eoi his shoublr ; let some loving being - a `.rieid,? wife, a brother--opo the d oi Sa bhomni to him n :his weary marchl -wan as the hearth may gleow, soft sn the Inmp may burn, lovingly as the lips mny smailo, will lhe enter to bring llis oursi acro?ss that threshold ?. No I"- . 'ý '- "Porhapa not" said esiid:Arcon; "but what courage,; to be wrotdhed, dying, and to push away the hanid thart would suceorl •But 'li-ro han o you leo?rried that droar wsy of lookiig at life o : lI not this eartll', beautiful? Look at the roa3s Son .hou "phe sun osancds pearly lights across the spray in the fountain. It it ist glorious? Isl itnot bliss to be alivo 1'f. r.` Who coald .nay:no to you? - he an swered- with- shinin eyes aind a tfaint tromtulottsnes' of thed ; fill ovbery one that hears you with your jpyin life Itl is a blessed gift, anta one tihah scatters blessings.' Cod proteot you fronm alld ad * She blushed, butt witli a6obe:burirea : ment; and their yes imot. W"hoeni th glarinc of twao pure anid noble souls :meot and hold each other, a mamoent of rostful pausn fromnithe storm of life comes td both, even if whatbthe world call love, never has existed betoeen them an novevr 'is to' exist't:- She oonly. tholight how glad lsho ,s that at lont he secemed happy. : .Suddenly something seoonied to soparate hini fromher, as :if.a horrible recollectioni swept over his soul. BHe turled. deadly, pale, his mouth §grdowdistorted, biut onl01 for an second'; then he regained his soelf control, tIo' torrible quiet: that ohe had just suceeded in breaking., Spirits may. look so .when they hover over the cradle of aei orphanr child and hear the cok crow. *"1 quite forgot,n lie said, presently," f'that I.am under orders to-day, and must go backl- Palron me for havingtrespased: onryour time so long; madame.: ' " . :Had she dreamed that "this apathetic 'tatro~u that poko so meehanically and: moved so wearily had boon biut a inomont before at"fliinin g, feeooling human being ?: No. 'As she' looked after him, Elsa aridi to herself thnt he was no misanthropoe he1 ne ridt' unfeeling, he was only mortally' tired. Io had.ai heart. A fer dlays afterwanl there was a fair, in ono'of-the.great mnrkot towns; andl Elsr Arcon, withl her.Antit Odescali and. eight or ton friends from the noighboringi states, drove over in a paruy to look'on.' Late in the afternoon" they nsot out' for' home, but tlihoovoningeras so Ivoly thliit it seemed a pity to separato;, ad What' plonsantor 'than: to accept thIe nitftiodi't of the pretty Coiuntess Arcon, andli liove outPIir arid spend ithe night at nCastle Lancuti'- C - After supperit, hs the moonlight ivna bil ]ianti, they rllweont out.on,tre terraico,, whr' tliorniglit airwas heavyn e itli tlrhe perfumo of flowers. c. It is just the hour to, isten to soine th'ng thrilling,',lsaid one of the ladles. " Who knows a ghost story?" " :-.e' i •" O s a murder story. 1",said anorther 'f You always harve a story ready, r Dobski," crie? onoe'or the men to tihe t~reckled little count, the only .oflbicr praesent.: II "Yes, I knotia story, hut niot the sort' .ou ant. !It is,true, though; I have ait on lthr best of authority." ' "? Oh' toll it I : hen did it happenp : Do we knowo the heroine ' :!. "'That I can not say, but itib lponodn about a week ago:in:Paris;. 'The sady' namoo was 'Folico Franois. .Her- fathr :wansia'noimlin:tlio' cavalryand slio was out of boardlin.sohia l.? The oli goner-al, thougl li , w',ltrucli bolovi?d by the in -mry ;waslrs rl ? iather, acommon 'srtbf iidvecn 'degreo; giizT/ctl ehanipaeI? a'rt l rcnkfaat;' irdl hia wife ins atmillicier'tt doll?ahd; nothinga mor..' So rho swent. on imaringi deblolts thougho h :inr hi'. :never orcould: npay, arnd very.ot lodtl hocausoo ha gave his woord of honlor:.. lnt a day cnamo whenr .he" must eithecr' break hlii- word or go to the Jewsci Wll, he had a frleond, an old man, who said to: him ': I usill pay' your delits on, condition tInt yenou sellmo'o r' datightor-I beg padlonu-I rionai that lsd will marry meo. So tlio father spoke to his daughter, and she dluig to thlb old mrin Witl both hands, anid tosccure silk dreosde anid dinioibnodis io life his sold hr?oslf.lik' count.- "There: is nthinog u;uilrtlll: in. -"-Yes'," ninind Coant D bski, itiste -ery stniplo se.r-,, lut st?poso tlohe iro-lros rove o eatour- friendsl's ?' ', S, Oil it is too dirgnicefeU!'''eri-rl the u At last tIre eoon set, snd tliue sopatoted fr.' ter'ahitht, ,ks "DOsobi kridsid'. Iis hostes's h ?lan, also : e -? ' ThinrI y0u, count, for entertasiniig mny ucests so kindly w'henrt I was tired." 'rTh, ceorntss y Sfliatter mis"re l naiswvorecl,rmeodcotly .,l]ut rf Ie hidl scon Iorarhoart he ewold hire treusbled, re E nioi,6 ndlo?,Ira 1£ i . " s'' n--Elaroly the un- innintring the guests anssiemblqid for hrcakfst, and dleparture: TThe lsdlyof the house RO tit her oXeusoes. Sie llinl :eauglst cold en tIhe tortnce, and: ir?nalo to opnead .After hipsee ~lrosta dodur- hil hb opcned irut hlpiro ayes w-er red, with sleeplessness or crying, as ale said "A little headache, auntie. I am better, thank you." Then she went backl to her chair, and sat down with her head in her hands, supposing her smiling auAnt would -o a'ay. But suddelnly slre felt Aunt li'ona's hand on her shoulder, and heard he sJy : " Elsa, I will tell you what is the matter. Will you liston ?" Elsa stored at her. The stereotyped snille had gone from her face, and her eyes wora dim with tears; and she spoke dis tinctly,, tliagh slow and heavily: " lou wonder to hear me talk, and to know that I can think. A veil seemed to fall from my mind nob long ago, and imy head began to live again. }ut it was hard for Ine to talk, so I kept still, and I heard people say such evil things, that I did not care to open any isoutlJ to them. But you never laughed at me, Elsa, and I must speak to you, for you are unhappy. That fltl-siouthed man wounded you to the heart yesterday, and you are alone. I can only comfort you, not help you ; you musat find a friend to do that. You have one in your heart, and he is brave, but you would never call him, no I have sent for him, and he will be here to- day- Who is he, do you cask 1 Could I mean anyone but the manl who this glomont is riding to your door 1" And she' pointed to 'the window, and the man that Elsa Arcon saw was Lieutonant Sternfokl. - She went daown to receive him,, and moationed him to sitliesidd her.' He said, in his weary yet courteous nway, that she had sent for himi: and thatelc hi d come to know in whats way he'could be of service to lier. Site tried to answer willti oldiness and pride butl sie looked at himn and, trusted him. " - Paidonisy, sading for you; i sli arn swered ;,l'I need a friend.'" ': ; 7 ".Who hlin more fricnds: than the Coun: tess Ar?on t1'" ,` Friendswihoidwould lik0e to be siitors Do you think one of the men who come to my house, if Ic°alled on theon in this way, would not feeljustified in' taking idvani: tages f-it't Fer that rensen I sent 'fr you."' + For rusis" f" Yes haneause you are asidiffarent to ime as a woman, because you are iidiet foroentto the whole world, and because I feel oIthan you ari adii hiomiablei snasI."' Sh ?nas'e alolst as pale as hhe; As she e: n .tinued ' "So ,inrihis moniment of riy life: wheon'I' isd hclpi willy lia be nly frienid I Sho: scumed'- riLtter :to confer thoinik' a: Youifrt i, hIo niuriaitrned-. : lt is a simple thing that .I nat' you t do?b onily to reha tiis letter fioni rty:dlad father on hst6 day of my iniuariage to Genioral Ar:o..." ' Countosa, I caniot read your letter, I cannotaccopttlu hoisor. of your fricndasifp, nor.ask, youl to roly:bn nm befrieniding .l Sihe rosa, wi ith nigo aidd shame: "'B]causo. I stie Itit ir ditstcua? !' she cried. : ':' i ' 2' , es:': i I no' 's t"ao att 1,?,His ys awesr uinnatiially large, -and his lip; gre?v as wlit 's Ihis cheeks.; Sli 'was frighteetl ,: atwhat'eho haf said, but tier prlIe mend I lHavo le'?rdi?" Th' " at danscueo mailar ila ecomtesaso, I have neverr spoken to, never: ovei seen," he said, with a return of ,his customary ,indifferonco!to her, to the world, to, hiu self. ' Prince Teko was hler avowedlover. Olio eveoiig et iness, when'-he had been 'drildkhig, lihegveo an infansio desloription of shis .in'momsta,- with whom he ihad quarelled: I'did notr know. the womani, but t/d: thling onirged :men I told the prioce nyi; opinion of hisi.o TlhLatnas ll." ' Slihdraw a lonlg lbrcth. ". Craiyou paridonme ? .I was liurt at you refusing to defend me. And so tlhe tling blew ovedrt' . . . . S: titslips fohtied the word f"Yes. -: i" yo forgive me , . . :"1 w :; aafraid I hId wounded youI, she said, ialnost shyly:. Ho : mando no na?swer,- oily took the letter, anud said c ' -" - I ait to reni thlis ItJ r.'n as f ollows-: 'i ir ui.nLAtn rraovrno El?A: Willyol, indeed, take this step i Thiiikn tl?t lie.is' an ,old s?om, haild you aro'still alhiost a child.' True,'l h .tone .did is- a great; se?vico;,aid spared me i deep sorrow, bua ,was he.not aly old friqsld and, companion in armsi)a HNos that ho is sick and alone lie. needs care, you sayi and you will syo my :noral debt'nnd fotter you!r young lifo tea esickoldisans- Doin'tIdoitEls;, inmiplore yoe.- A1rcon is i1o .longer ricl, aind we are wealthyionce more.: We will niako hili boie of oirselves, and teach !im, to forgot: his priidd, but not through your solf-sacri fico. :;Thore is still tineo to say no, Elsan. Say it I. .. c' Iwas an ovorstrung, eccentric girl," aidt Elsa, as he finished; "butI .have.. neder' regretted my step. I gave osny father's boenofaitora happy old ago.. Tho corld judges a nly :by appearances; isnd 3y stsrday a cickeod man satid icked thlngs of 'ii t;o nmy ft,without inaming nauises. ;Buit liotft wEill it ~ nm that at Bess 'rind lirngogneslig usitst viSo all l ns hliuf' is riroiidlcuio is itt a lover shall say 'iwithtsitliorityi,)i, It is iiot truedd', Vill you 'say that ?"' ' :'. : - . ,;; i- What doyourOiqirsc of tme, countcss" :hos e:laiincd:?" Itf o only knew I" '" " liWh; t do I? c irii ui l shd criedi in a stifledvolcore- "Is it so much 1 Am I not worthl cven a word . : ;! Yes" lio groaned; ''You inust not speaki o,. You Are teiring m;y hseart out. Pardon ii tfor leaving you, coiuitoess- I ai ill: 'You shall learn whether I can be. youi frioend ao uiudurtakc this missioii, ut : not noW.' Hlia icsits ing ili hier ean; Iut he I was 