THE NATURALIST. 9 THE MIGRATION OF BIRRS. fedinhuhgu hf.vikw.-1 Among nil tlic migrants the swallow hits, perhaps, attracted most attention in all ages' aud countries. It arrives in Sussex villages with romnrtahlo punctuality ; none of the mi- grants perform tlieir journeys more rapidly than tlio swallows aud their cfingencrs. A swift with yonng ones,' or during migration, covers from 1500 to 2000 iniics a<duy; It begins business feeding ilsyonng "about thrco o'clock ami., and continues it till iiinc p.m. -At that season, therefore, - the , . thrift,.' spends nearly eighteen hours npon tho- .wing, and it has been computed that qtTtdicL ordinary .rate of travelling of .this' very-fast bird it would circumaavigato tho globe . In nlidut fonrtcen days. At n push, if it were' milking a forced flight, tho swift vvouldr prphahly keep on thowiug, with \cry. brief yinfervnlB of rostj during, fourteen days. The s'pocd of tho whole tribo is marvellous, ijiid seems tho moro so when compared with that of.tlio swiftest, animals that depend for their progressive powers on legs, howovor many legs they may. bo furnished with, Tho luire is swift, yet iii Turner's well kiioivn picture of rain, steam aud speed the hare's fate is scaled ; slio will be run over and crushed by the cngino -'rushing in lier wake. The swiftest liiguiuls would soon , break down at 40 miles an hour, which the swallow unconsciously accomplishes, merely . twittering all the while. All tho swallow 'tribe nrd fpmid iu every part of Great ' Britain,;' inijudiiig Scot- laud, except the swift,' ..which ' is not found in thbse islands'. Dr.Saxby, author of birds of tihctlnmt says that one day a poor fellow, a cripple/ who happened at the lime to he exceedingly ill oil nnd in want of food, came to liim with a swallow in liis hand. Tho doctor ordered the man some dinner. It seems lio had opened, liis .door restless and hnlf famished, wiion in flow- tho swallow and brought him, so to speak, a dinner. " After' this, said the poor fellow, /' folk noed nn tell me that the tonl ua answer- prayer." The swallow can hardly lie inelegant. ..When it walks, however, it does so with particularly short steps, assisted by tho wings, and in ac complishing any journey longer , than a few iuchcs it spreads its wines and takes'fliebt. It twitters both on tlio wiug nud oil tho nest, and a nioro incessant, cheerful, amiable, happy little song no other ? musician' has ever executed. Much has been said of 'that " inex plicable longing" and " incomprehensible pre sentiment of coming events " which occasion birds to migrate from certain .' districts before the food supplies begin to fail. .Quails, wood cocks, snipes, and many other birds, it is said, are in the finest condition at the time" of com mencing their migration, while none of .them are emaciated at Unit season, so -.that the pinch of hunger, it is argued, cannot havo yet affected them. But it sjiouldbe remembered that fat as well us lean birds may 'feel that pinch, nnd flint birds are very fast living creatures, full of life, movement," and alertness,' quick to observe,, to feel,' and' to 'net,','. .In ,thc-rhpid digestion of their food they .oro assisted by a special, organ which grinds down such items as grain, gravel, nails. or needles','' swallowed in mistake or from caprice or j,. curiosity, with astonishing facility. J'hey prefer feeding nearly all day, and . when fully; crammed they sometimes become as plump us ortolnus, or as well fed quails, whoso Ekiu.b'ursts.whcu they fall to the gun. But, when -the appetite is urgent, obesity does not by aiiy . means preclude hunger. Twelve hours fu'st'aud show and a change of wind nrc very urgCrtt facts in the lives of these quick creatures in the autumn of tho year, nnd then begins' that, sudden migration which the lighllionsc keepers . have observed. It is impossible to imagiue creatures more prac tical nnd full of action aud freer,from " presenti ments" than birds, engaged - as tlicy arc from daytoday snalcliiug their foodut Nut urb's board. Perhaps wo may compare them to the jgncsts of Macbeth, since all goes well, so. long as the ghost ahstaius from making his appearance ; lmt very suddenly sometimes, irf the case of tho northorn bints, the spectre of hunger puts them to flight. Fat or lean; they must go on the instant, and that is why they arrivo pell mcll upon our const; hut, as tho'epuutry to he cleared of its birds of summer js extensive, and the distauccs of the journeys various, they naturally arrivo at intervals; The migrations of birds are world wide. Tho birds' of North America innko con-ospondingi'iiiovehicnts to tboso of Northern Europe, travelling in anorth- casterly and south-westerly direction and at tlio samo seasons, Tho countries .'of.. 'tho Gulf of Mexico form the chief retreat of tho North American migrauts, especially Mexico it self, with Us tlircb zones and . great 'variety of blimoto. But some of them go as far as tho West Indies and New.Grau'ada. A great number winter in tho Southern States..- Their. method of migration is tlio samo is that which libs been described elsewhere. They, follow the routes marked out by nature. Tho kinds, of birds are in muuy cases tho same, or. they, are at least American representatives of the snme families that form the migrants of 'tho OJd World; They travel southwards in' the nntuum .and return again in spring. The. migrants of tlio southern hemisphere arc constrained by their situation to reverse the direction .'of, their periodic- move ments, flying northwards :to escape; tlio rigor of winter and rctnrning ; south . iu spring.'; From March to September somo "of tho? most inhos- piUhlo regions of the south nrq'qiiitc deserted ; even the wingless penguins -quit their native shores of Terra del Fucgo and the" Falkland Islands after the breeding season laud sprint 'to milder regions, while many of 'the' birds which have bred in Patagonia and Southern Chili de part on the' approach of whiter;' -Tho samo rules, according to , Gould, govern tho move ments of birds in Australia, where several species migraf <F in summer to tho ' southern portion of the continent and to Tasmania to breed. 