THE WISE WOM. EN OF INVERNESS. A TALE BY WILLIAM BLACK, Au'hoT Of " MACLEOD OF DARE," " J DDITH Ihakespeabe," " White Wings," " Fhincess op Thdle," &c.;, Ac, CHAPTER I.— At Fasslie Farm, Peep ana neavy tne long-sweiiing eargeoitne North Sea thundered along tba Cromarty shore ; and bigb and shrill above that reverberating plncge eaog end whistled and shrieked a strenu ous wind, sweeping Inland from the wide waste of waters ; but nevertheless there was not a oloud in the clear night sky j the world was filled with a lambent white moonlight ; and far across the' silver- touched waves there was visible the dusky outline of the opposite coast, by Fort George, and Haim, and Fisdborn, and Bnrghead. In e small and dimly-lit room in a farmhouse bnilt high over tbat wild bo, an old — or rathsr elderly — man was seated in front of a massive iron chest, the top of which he was carefully shaping with soma kiad of iron instrument. He was a man short of stature, bat of powerful build his face hard Bet and tanned and furrowed with wind and sun and rain ; his hair almost white, and white also the bushy eyebrows set over a pair o: remarkably penetrating grey eyes, Thia man was Bobert Gfahim, the tenant of an extensive sheep farm ; and the huge iron coffer before him, frcm which he was diligently scraping the last j traces of whatever paint might still be visible, had been at one time the military chest of the garrison of Fort Augnstue, from whence it had been al lowed to fall Into private hands when the Fort wis dismantled. But It was not the contents of thia nDiBBive chest that seemed to concern the farmer ; it was tho fsw remaining touches of greeo paint here and there ; and to aid him in the searching removal of these he had placed a solitary catdlebiside blm, though, indetd, as the oolltr ftocd in tbe window-recess, there was almost enough light coming in from the moonlit world withcut to enable him to prosecute bis task. Now so stilt and hushed was this little room tbat, in spite of all the wild roar of the wind and ica outside, the sosatcbing of tha iron point was quite r.udible ; and not only that, but aleo certain low mattering! with which from time to time the old mbogave expression to such fancies as crossed his brain. Bnt tbeae were broken and detached, ftr sometimes he relapsed into silence ; aud so it will be more convenient to put them down here consecutively) and In bb plain language »b pos sible. 11 1 em not more superstitious than most ; bnt it's tetter to be on Ihe safe side. Tt e earth ia the Lord's and the fulness thereof ; bnt He has per mitted strange things to be in ihe world ,- and maybe they have grown stronger than He intended, and can do more harm new. It's better to be friendly with both Rides; and if there waB a Bith-brath on Fasslie, its not a man or boy on the place would I allow to cnt a twig or lift a stone there, It's live and let live ; and'if the little people hide in these knolls, it's not I thatwonid be for distnrbing them : even if they cannot barm a man, as some say, maybe thoy can barm a sheep- ay, or a score of sheep, , . , And were thers no Grahams, now, among the seldferB of Fort Augustus that tbey allowed this chest to be painted green? Ib there a Graham alive that doeB not know what- colour It is that is fatal to every one ot the name — ay, when it is even a common story that never was a Graham shot in battle but it was found the outlet bad gone through the "green check of the tarlsnf And twice and three times I stopped b;dding-Jor it; nntil I said to myBeif, wb.it has been put on can he taken off ; and what th>- knife will not fioiBh the turpentine will finish ; and where can the ill- luck como from then 7 The five great looks, and tricks and contrivances to outwit a rreimem : what prying eyeu or flcgara w'll get '0 know abont my business when I have ev<rj thing aba; ap here? Alison msy think what she likes; iteiaes hvs grown saucy of la'.o ; bnt icis is no kind of cu;.board or desk that she can try wtb her keys when I am np on the hill. No, ro, lass ; what I have toiled aod moiled for, that I mean to keep ; and there will he no need to trust a bank in Inverness when I have a safeguard like this iron chest. . , , But not a spot or streak of green — not a spot or a streak, Who can tell where the f ill-luck comeB from 7 Sometimes it strikes at your blood and msrrow ; somettmvs it's a bad lambing lesron ; Eometimas it's a hunk that breaks. But I do my best to keep well with bath sides ; the minister hss so fault to fi»d with me ; and if i< there arc things tbat are stronger for good -lack or \ ill-luck I do my bsBt— ay, even to keap from j naming them, Maybe tbat was why I got the warning tbat Jean Gillespie was to die — three taps on the window just half-an-hnur before, and nono hearing them but myself. Aud the corpso- ligbts on Ilrumsinnon Moor — it's I would have ridden along with the factor into tho bog bnt for the lights — and I cried to him — hot the cry he sent back was the cry of a drowning man. But there are some tbat have seen more than that, and have beard more than that ,- and it's woll to he friends with them that can hart— . whether they are below ground or above ; ay, It's Letter to say nothing, lest they shoold hear evil spoken of them, and work mischief among the lambs, or bring lightning abont the house, aa I have heard tell. Notaioce I was a sen-eleie lad have I ehot a single hare— jest In care mere mlgnt be a mistake, aod a witch or a warlosk spring ap from the ground : it's better to be on tho safe side." For the moment he seemed to have done with bis scraping and polishing ; at all events, he laid aside the knife or chisel he had been nsing, and proceeded to open the chest, But this was a Berions undertaking, for not only had the big key to tnvn five locks at once, but also thore were bars and levers to be raised simultaneously, | demanding the exercise of a good deal ot strength, < Eventually, however, the heavy lid yielded. He took both bis hands to raise it, and no j doubt the nixt minnte it would have been | resting against the wall or the window-Bill bat | that there was a sadden interraption that sturtli-d | him. Them was a brief, sharp tapping, and the door of the room was thrown opeo. At the same h time the roar of the sea and the wind that seemed | to fill the Loose lushed into the little apartment, » and I. cold air made the candle flame flicker. I Robert Gushem had not been expecting any such j unceremonious visitor. He wheeled roond in bis choir ; the lid of the chest fell from bis hands and j; slut with an alarming noise — all the five locks s and levers clanging ai once ; and than be found | Handing before him tho stranger who had made this sudden entrance. end yet this was neither ghost nor wizard that confronted him. On the contrary, the new comer I was a good-looking yonog fellow of alx-and-twemy or so, with frank eyes, close-cropped raven-black hair, arid an expression of features tbat in ordi nary circumstances might have been pleasant and friendly enough, but was now somewhat em- karmsed by uncertainty. Obviously he was » sailor, bnt the Bmartoess of his costume showed that ho was not an ordinary hand ; ia point of fact, he wib mate of a trading schooner then lylog at Nairn; his name, Alec Jameson. "I'm Borry to interrupt you, Mr Graham," he began, with some hesitation, " But ye do interrupt me," the other said, sharply ; and ho scowled at the younger man from unuer the busby white eyebrows. "Ye do inter rupt me. Think ye I have naethiog to do wi' my time? I'm not a gentleman that can loiter about wi' my bands in my pockety hindering other folk and coming where he's not wanted. Ma cartes, there's some that canna take a hint to leave until tbey feel a horsewhip curling round their calves," There was asb of fite in the young Bailor's syeB ; but he strove to remain calm, and even courteous. "If it's mo you mean, Mr Graham," Bala ha quietly, " you may rest content that there's not a man in this couutrj-side will lay either hand or hoisswhip onme. But .et that pats " "What do ye warn ?" tho old farmer said, ah- ruptly, it rime's money." " Wei), I'm off for Inverness to-morrow morn- fog-—" . " it ic welcome." But Jameson seemed determined to be civil, if that were possible. "Aud Alison," he continued, " war asking it you aud I cannot manage to part a little better friends, The Ibbs is Borry — ana no wonder — aod if there's anything I have done, if there's anything Wrong that can be put right — " "Let Alison mind her own butiness," was tho instant rejoinder, " and I can mind mine ; and, what's more, neither Alison's business nor my business is any o' yours, Sj you're welcome to set . iff for InverneiB as soon as ever ye like." " I did not wish -to go without holding out my Bi h-bialV— A lati it-- ' d'eling; pomraily a rocky Bouud under wb>cb tba LOrioj are supposed to lire. hand, and soring if we cannot come to more peaceable terms," the ) o'ung sailor aatd. "Ii'a a fair offer, anyway. It must he a hard thing for a young last to be tu a position like that— troubling herself tbat the only friends she has should be separated by a quarrel — and a qniTiel abjut whatf — lor I'm Bure it's i ot me that knows." " Alison wants no friends but her own kith and kin— that's enough for her," the old man said. " Why should she take np wi' strangers? What is she to gain by that P Ay, it's not her gain, it's t theiis that's in question. Ay, ay, an old man may bo an ola man, and still tee clear enough, lt'a young eyes that are dazzled— it's young brains that are made a fool of — and a silly craytnre of a lass will believe any (mooth-epoken idle fellow that comes banging abont her and speaking her fair, Bnt I'll have none o' that in this house, young man ; so you've fair warning in time, Alison was left In my charge, and in my charge she'll bide, I'm for no interlopers here. I'm for people minding their own business. In trouble ie ihe f— and what's tbat to you 7 A pretty pack of non sense I" " Well, yes, Mr Graham," the younger men said, civilly, " Alison is in your charge at present, but he might not be always." The deep-set grey ayes darted an evil glanee at him, hut he did not seem to notice that, " Yon know what both her and me have been looking forward to," he caftinued, in the most pacific tone of voice, " and I am sore it wonld be better for every one if there was a more friendly feeling ebout It, And what ie the objection 7 It she leaves the farm, there'i many another yon conld get to keep the home " " And it's you that comee in to tell me what I maun do I" the old man said, glaring at him. " It's you tbat ccmee to me wi' advice ? Let ma tell ye, my lad, that I'm quite capable o' looking after my own affairs, aa ye'U find out if ye daur to meddle wi' them. Ay, and wi' Alison's either. A cltan psir o' heels — that's the best thing for you ; and if Fasslie never sees ye again, Fasslie will be none the worse." There was sufficient discourtesy In the words ; there was more in the tone in which tbey were uttered ; and the younger man, though he strove to keep cool, began to lose the timid look of appeal that had been in hie eyes. ' "Well, it's a pity," be said. " Hard words will not mend matters ; and I had wished to leave Ali son in happier spirits " " The leaving her is the best Ihiog ye can do, and ibe sooner the better. Have I not bid ye never darken my door again ? God bless me, is a man not to have peace and quietness in his own house ?" the old man cried angrily. "As to that, I am not so sure thst it is your own house," the youDg sailor said quietly— but his fsce had gradually been becoming firmer and firmer. " But I am not a lawj et, It was Alison's father's bouse, I know; and I dare say be did not leave her without her shire in it. But this I'm quite tare of, as long as Alison iB in it, and as long as she is willing I should come to see her, I'm not going to ask anybody else's leave. I don't want to quarrel, Mr Graham. I don't want to make matters worse. Indeed, I thought I might eome to some kind of frisndly understanding— if not /or cur own sakes, at least for Alison's. Tbe lass is sore put about ; and why nead tbat bat Way should Bhc be in trouble, when there's no cause for it 7 I'm not asking ber to marry to-morrow or the next day ; it would be when it was most conveni ent for her and for yon," Jameson epoko fairly and temperately, and also with a touch of hope — or, at least, of appeal— in bis look ; hut tbe unlucky reference to tbe owner ship of tbe bonse had caused tbe farmer's eyes to gleam with wrmh, ana now bis voice, when be spoke, wbb hardly noder biB control, so fiercely angry was be. "And how danr ye, sir ; how danr ye come here to tpek to me bbout Alison or any other in this house 7 What concern bare ye as to whether my niece is well or ill ? Ay, I will tell ye wuat yocr interest is ; well 1 know that, my fiae fellow, thst can go abunt the country like & gentleman, wbile o<te? folk have to work and earn their living I Alison 7 — a'h n»t Alison, but Alison's goar yoa'ra after. A L.U >e think tha; a decently brought up gii) lik- thai will consort with an idle wastrol and gargrel, with a sailor chap, that hss a wife in every port he Ehils ta 7 Get out of this bonse, sir ; that is my eni-vrer. What, do ye think tha lass is blind 7 Ye come after ber wil your flattering and fawning ; but is eh blind 7 Doosna shs see that it's her Bbaie, her small share, in the farm that you're after, that ber father left her, aud that I have tend'd as if it was my own 1 And where would it be in a year— in a week— if you had it to scatter 7 But sue's not bliud ; she's not blind ; you'll go the way ye came, and empty -htnded aa ye camel" He paused, for fair lack of breath ; but mean while tbe lace of the younger man had grown darker. "Alison knows bot'er," a. id hr, aod as if it wete sifer to say nn m< r«, " Alison I ' too old man said, with his vcic. now rooted to patsion pitch. " I'll have tier know- ay, and yon, too — who is the master in ihie oouso. I'm tor no gangrels and wastrels ssmking atnut my premise— it there's a shot-gun or a horsewhip bandy. A fine thing, to make a fool of tdlly idiot of a lass, tbat doeana ken tho diff.ronoe between an honest man and a thief — a thief tbat would get hold of whatever she has, and waste it in bis idle conrees. But that's no dons yet ; no, nor while I'm above ground will it bs done." " It's the first time in my life that I have ever been called a ttiiuf," Aire Jameson said— ind his hands were tram cling a little, though be spoke with s kind of forced composure. " well, I mean to sre who is the thief," " What mean ye, you scoundrel!" " I mean this— plump and plain will I tell ye what I mean," tho yoanger man said, and it was j evident that he had done now with all thonghta ot I pacification. " I offered to mike friends wi' you, ! for Alison's sake. That's not to be. Well and ! good. You and I will settle this matter between j ourealves now, Mr Graham, and brag will not do ! it ; and bluster will not do it ; tod calling names 1 will not do it. Thief! My good mm, tbst is very ugly word, It's I tbat want to know who is tbe tbiet " "Will you leave my house 7 the farmer said, springing to his feet, "No, I will not, And I will not leave this room nntil I have said my say," was the calm rejciadei, though Jsmeton's lips were rather pale, and his eyes full ot a dangerous fire, " Mind yoa, Alison will be guided by me — that's one thing you may make sure of ; and I'm thinking it's time there was a settlement about ber share in the farm that was left to her by her father. Where h<s that gone to all these years! Not a peony has she had to spend on herself except for clothes, and she's clad like a seivant lass ; she ie bar a servant lass, but tbat she gets no wages. Where's her money 7 Where's her father's will, that ehs can tell whit belcngB to her f And yon think that everything is to go on as it is, the lass slaving away at keeping the bouse for you, and never <o think of altering ber condition, and never to ask questions, but to let you makp away with hsr money from year to year ? Bnt there's an end to that now — there's an end ; and the lawyers in Inverness will ba called in to declare who iB the thief." Bage pnre and simple seemed to have paralysed tbe old farmer, but only for a few seconds. With a kind of inarticulate cry of " You sooundrel I you scoundrel I" be sprang forward with up lifted arm, as if threateniog to fell his enemy. But Jameson merely held out his open hand, palm outward. " Don't you come near me, I warn you. You're sn older man than I am ; and I don't waot to strike you ; but I will allow no man to put a hand on me. I'm going, I've said my say. I wanted to be friends with you — for Alison's sake. Mow it's war. And there's them in Inverness will ioon be brought to deolsre which of us twi is the , thief." He turned abruptly and left, i "And may the lightning from heaven blast you ere ever yon set foot in Inverness-streets !'' tbe ; older msn said, scowling helplessly at tha now vacant doorway. He went back to his srat la front of the Iron chest, and Eat down ; he whs all Bhakiog with the excitement of this stormy interview ; bat, the anger in bis heart, instead ot subsiding, graw'ooly the more fierce, aa he thought of the meaning of thu young sailor's threatB. He chanced to look out of the window at the hoavily rolling sea that wvs clearly visible for milis and miles ia themioa- light. " Ay," he said to himself, " tbat is the sailor's grave, wide aud deep ; that is the thing that come) to you in the end. There are no threats when there's fifty fathoms .o' water above ye— aud 1 would to God you were lyiog there now I- Tee ia- soUnt scoundrel I — and be has got this brat to go with him ; and the lawyers at Inverness ? — " He rose and began walking np and down the small a'pariment, muttering tj Uimsdf Brmei'mes as was his wont, and Bumetimos standing s 11 a look out on the far stretch of wiad-drive4rmoonllt- sea. t " There's them that can hurt," he'wn laying to himself, "and, if all tha stories be true, lomstlmei you csn get them on your side, and they'll work for you a mischief on your enemies as easify as . anything else, I've heard of ships being struck by lightning coming ont of a clear sky ; how was tbat but by some interference f But he's not on the sea, nor will he for a while yet, I suppose ; the grave is waiting bim— where .wide and deep, wide and deep ; but it may be a long time yet." He tnraed to the open door, as if tearful that these unspoken desires might tie overheard ; then be went to the top of the stair and listened ; thero was no sound bnt the cry of tbe wind and tho heavier plunge of the sea ; then he returned to the com, and shut tbe door behind him, end resumed his dark meditations, " The venemoue snakr, to come creeping into a man's house; but I'll be even with him yet, if I burn the heather for a mile round bim. Ay, I hava seen them twisting themselves into a ball, and writhing and writhing ib tbe eirole of the fire came closer and closer oo them ; and that's hew 111 have him writhe sooner or later ; and then there will be a langn I Ob, it's very safe yoa aie when you're burning the heather ; you're oa the outride of the ring ; it's the adders that are in the middle, and lively enough they are when the flame comee hotter and hotter on them. And that's the flame I would have burning in his hsart I" And then he went back upon the line of think ing that had occupied bim when he waa scraping the last traces of paint from the lid ot the inn cheat, " I have been a careful man, careful not to offend either side ; and if they're friendly to me now, as I think they were when the factor rode into the bog, maybe tbey wonld help. Ay, that wonld be the way to get even with htm, instead of waiting for the wide grave thare ; and may be, if tbey wonld set to work at once, there might be a stop ?ut to his bnciners with the lawyers In Inverness. hey ray the wise women can manage it, but Its haid to get at them ; the Fiscal hunts them and hunts them whenever he gets the chance ; aud there's scarcely a one left now. But I've heard of them now and again, and I could find out ; and If the unknown people are friendly to me — if they understand tbat I never took a stick or a stono from a Bith -broth all tbe years of my life— then, lay friend Jameson, I may bs npsides with you ; ay, it will not be the lawyers in Inverness you will be thinking ot ,- you will be writhing liks the nikes when the heather is on fire. (to bb continued ) 