RUNG THE THIRD. And so the baby was born, as might be expected a remarkably fine boy. Mrs. Lawford recovered, but she didn't take kindly to motherly duties. They were just a trifle too slow for Gertrude Thornborough that was. Still she was not an unkind mother in an active sense of the word, but she neglected the child and her home. Money or no money, she must go the pace, and Frank, he was bound to go the pace too. Fresh debts were in curred, fresh worries arose, and as the regiment went from one garrison town to another, the Lawfords' credit gradually sank lower and lower. To smother worry Frank drank more brandy than was good for him, whilst a habit early assumed by Gertrude grew upon her gradually but surely sal- volatile and eau de Cologne had now given place to " drops " of a more stimulating nature, the name of which I shall leave the female reader to learn from the Chemist. And so the time wore on. Another babe was born; this time a girl. Things went from bad to worse. Frank plunged at the gambling table, and lost instead of winning. Gertrude became discontented and fretful, and at last Frank had to sell out, and, with the proceeds, bolt to Boulogne to avoid his creditors. Here he was shortly after joined by his wife and children, and for a few months lived on the remains of his little capital. The last £5 note was changed, when an opportune maiden aunt dropped into her grave, and Frank found himself the possessor of £5,000. To Pans, of course, then Venice and Naples. The Lawfords were themselves themselves again for a time. But the fast life told on both of this rapid couple, and at Nice Frank was struck down with low fever. For months he lay helpless, and at last, ashamed of him self, Lord Fenlock, his brother, took the trouble to come and see him. When the poor fellow recovered enough to travel, the ghost of the man we first met at that house on the west side of Cavendish Square, it did not take much persuasion to induce him to try his fortune at the Antipodes, and a few weeks later he sailed with Gertrude and his children for Australia. 