CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply for publication " Conglomerations," in accordance with the follow ing conditions 1. The poems may be on any sub ject, and in any measure. 2. The selected words to 1 be used in any order—i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. 8. At least as many selected words are to be used as one half of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words were Gate, Gentle, Ghost, Glitter, Grain, Grave. The fol lowing are all that remain for publication Though gold may glitter, yet at moat What is it but the soulless gliott Of earthly wealth and power 1 We seize it; then we let it slip; We hold it with tenacious grip It may be for an hour. But like the finest grains of sand, In gentle streams it leaves the hand That would retain it still; Till finally we reach the gate, Where all our strivings terminate, The grave of every ill. Clebicus. One summer's eve reclining lay within a shady dell, A youth, whose thoughts reverted to the spot be loved so well; Though all around was lonely, and as silent as the grave; No ghost nor phantom did he tear, tor be was young and brave. Long, long he lay, and pondered over scenes now passed away, When gaily o'er the mountain's side he roamed from day to day; Or through the fields of waving corn then ripening into grain ; Or where the hedgerows glitter when refreshed by falling rain. Such were the loving scenes the youth depicted there and then, Till there fell upon his startled ear the chiming hour of ten; Which suddenly recalled that peaceful parting at the aatc With her, who in a gentle voice said," Darling, it is late." Svtvi.v. Where the rustic gate Btands open, Gentle Nellie, fair and sweet, From the porch rose-wreathed is tripping Her young lover soon to meet. Ne'er a ghost of boding sorrow Casts its shadow o'er the scene, But the harvest moon its glitter Spreads both peaceful and serene. See the ripening grain is bending Like the ocean's heaving wave ; Little recks she of disaster. Making for her hopes a grave. Jessamine. a FACT. The story of the ghost I tell, Is one that I remember well, Though years since then hare passed away. One gentle morn when ail was clear, A ghostly phantom made me fear And tremble, yea, look gra ve and pray. 'Twas not the glitter of a light, Oft seen among the grain at night At autumn, through yon garden gate; But dressed like one my neighbours knew, Whose charms they said were not a few; Such was the vision I relate. B. S. S. "B. S. S." states that the incident to which he refers happened about tweitv- five years ago. He was then living in Buckingham County Virginia, U.S. His sister and himself had spent the Sunday at the house of Widow H., and on returning home through the back woods they lost their way. It was a bright summer morning, but they continued wandering round in a circle, and returning to a rude log hut in a field about thirty yards from the beaten path. Here he eaw, as he supposed, a pleasant • looking old lady sitting under the verandah in an old - fashioned, high • back hickory, or white pine chair. She was dressed in bine, and wore a pink sunbonnet and pink apron. On again returning to the same spot they determined to have a chat with the old lady and enquire their way, but to their surprise they found the house untenanted. On his relating the circumstance a few daya afterwards to some female acquaintance "they changged countenance, and said' that must be McG.'s spirit, as she used to sit there often, and was dressed like that when alive'.'" B.S.S. adds—" I never knew Mrs. G. when alive, and never saw the same when passing near; so the mind could not have pictured it." We now invite for publication Conglomerations embodying tbe following words -.—Habitation, Hail, Head, High, Hold, Hope. Tbe verses to be written in compliance with the conditions given above. 