LADIES' COLUMN. LADIES' NEWS-LETTER [From our Lady Correspondent.] London, April 3, 1885. The University boatrace was rowed at the con- venient hour of noon, and some friends of mine chartering a barge, we moored near to Barnes Bridge, and had a commanding view of as much of the struggle as is possible to those not on board the boats which immediately follow the contesting crews. The spectators on the banks along the line of route, though numerous and enthusiastic, were fewer and perhaps less in- fected with the spirit of rivalry than during former years, and party colors were not so liberally displayed as heretofore. This absence of outward sign of partisanship was, I hear, con- spicuous also in the streets of the metropolis. The dark-blue ensign which dropped into the river and floated down mid-stream before the start was regarded as a felicitous omen by the friends of the Oxford crew, after events justify- ing that speechless prophecy. Returning, the rival crews were to be seen chatting amicably together, clothed in their dark and light blue jackets respectively; both conquerers and con- quered looked physically spent. Since both cannot be winners, the latter may concede gracefully to Oxford the laurel crown of victory which Cambridge won so triumphantly last year. I was told yesterday that some one, I forget his name, has by care- ful research traced out the history of most of the men who have rowed in the Oxford University eight. Since the inaugura- tion of the national boat race many curious revelations have been furnished us, and it strikes one as singular that not a few of these athletes have come to violent ends—one or two by drowning, and a special instance related is that of one who was suffocated in water not four feet deep. I forget the particular incidents of the case. They who are interested in annals of this sort may like to hear such a book has been published. To conclude, I may men- tion there was on the banks of the Thames the usual amount of horseplay, cardsharping, conjuring, &c.;, whereby the crowd sought to beguile their time of waiting. I was specially amused by a figure in my own vicinity—that of man on stilts. The Brobdingnagian stood at least twelve feet high, towering loftily above his fellows. This giant, with hat in hand, dexterously caught the money flung to him from time to time, the hat forming a sort of butterfly net for the flying coin. To add to the appearance of height the man wore trousers which reached from the real to the bottom of the fictitious limbs, terminating in a white muslin frill at the bottom. The effect was most grotesque, and when the race was over and the spectators began to disperse, it was most amusing to see the man hang his hat and coat on the top of a chimney near by, then sitting down on the roof of the building he leisurely proceeded to divest himself of his wooden legs. An object of much scientific interest on the occasion was the appearance of the new electric launch, which, unimpelled by oar or steam, clave its way through the waters as if guided and influenced by magic motive power. This is the first occasion, I believe, on which the new force has been used in connection with aquatic locomotion. I must not forget to tell my colonial friends the boat bore the name "Aus- tralia" on its bows. Previous to the opening of the Royal Academy Exhibition in Burlington House in May we have other interesting exhibitions of the works of some of the greatest artists, both living and dead, amongst which there are conspicuous "Calvary," by Munkacsy, pro- nounced, as a fellow-countryman of the painters, a Hungarian, informed me, "Moonkakchy," "The Triumph of the Innocents," by Holman Hunt, and the two Blenheim pictures, which the present Duke of Marlborough has sold to the trustees of the National Gallery for the mammoth sum of £87,500 sterling, the sum of £75,000 having been paid for the "Ausidei Madonna" alone. This picture is now to be seen mounted on a screen in the National Gallery, which is in Trafalgar-square, and it is one of the very few pictures produced by the master hand of Raphael. It bears date 1505 or 1507; the figures are not distinct, and have been variously deciphered as above. This costly work of art was purchased by Lord Robert Spencer in 1764, and presented by him to his brother, the fourth Duke of Marlborough. It is painted on a thick panel of white poplar, and there are only four figures, that of the Virgin and Child, with John the Baptist on one side and Saint Nicholas on the other. Not having an artist's appreciation for the Floren- tine school, of which the "Ausidei Madonna" is a specimen, it seems to me inferior in merit to the productions of those of our modern artists—Gainsborough's "Sir Peter Lely" and others—though I suppose they are not in the least comparable, neither from a painter's view of excellence, nor from mine, because the different styles seem to admit of no comparison: the excessively florid tints are unpleasing to my inartistic eye, and the figures of the Virgin and Child do not fall in with my own impres- sions of the possible likeness of the Mother of our Lord, nor of the infant Redeemer himself. The Virgin is fair and florid; she is seated in a niche, with her Son on her knee, and is dressed in blue and scarlet vestments. She is further represented as reading from an illumi- nated missal, which rests on the other knee. The Holy Child is lightly clothed. St. John stands near; his face wears a rapt expression, and is a fine and manly one, but his feet and lower extremities, which are partially exposed, appear too delicate for a man, and are hardly in unison with the more masculine develop- ment of the arms. St. Nicholas is mitred, and wears gloves; he, too, is reading from a volume which he holds before him. The subject used to be known in Italy as a "Holy Conversation." The panel, I omitted to say, is five feet in width. The history of the picture is that is was ordered by a noble family of the name "Ausidei" for the Chapel of St. Nicholas, of Ban, in the Church of San Fiorenza, at Perugia, where a copy still marks the spot where the treasure once hung. The less costly purchase recently effected by the trustees of the National Gallery is a large portrait of Charles I., painted by Van Dyck. This has long hung in the halls of Blenheim. The martyr king is presented to us on a massive charger, heavily caparisoned. Critics say the horse's head is faulty. It seems to me too small for the frame of the animal. The portrait repeats the peaked head and other familiar features of the monarch's face, and as I gazed I recalled the lines— Right for ever on the scaffold, Wrong for ever on the throne. The king is in complete armor, his right hand rests on a baton, and his long sword swings across the dun-colored horse's flanks. An equerry walks behind, carrying the king's helmet. The foliage above his majesty's head is exquisitely painted, and the landscape around, in critics' phraseology, is "splendidly warm," with a luminous sky above. The Grosvenor Gallery, whose exhibits I noticed some while back, has dispersed its treasures. The collection is now scattered far and wide. One picture of Gainsborough's, "Mrs. Hibbert," has been sold, I read, to a foreign bidder for the large sum of £10,000 sterling. I have now to turn to Munkacsy's famous picture "Calvary." A short summary of the chief events of the artist's earlier years may be interesting. He was born in 1844, and at four years old was orphaned. His father, joining in the Hungarian revolution, was thrown into prison and soon died. The painter's mother died soon after his own birth. Poor and helpless, an aunt, herself in indigent circum- stances, adopted him; but one day a band of robbers ransacked the house, and murdering the elder inmate, left Munkacsy alone all night with the corpse. He was discovered, and a male relative this time befriended him, had Munkacsy trained as a carpenter, and started him so far in the world. An accident eventually occurred which entirely prevented him from following the trade he had acquired. At this crisis Munkacsy fell in with a painter, who took compassion on the forlorn youth and initiated him in the rudimentary knowledge of his own art. With what result? Munkacsy's famous pictures "The Last Hours of the Con- demned man," "Christ before Pilate," a painting which was exhibited two years ago in London, drew together crowds of enthusiastic admirers; and now his last effort "Calvary," on view in the Egyptian Hall, Piccadilly, has done all that was needful to consolidate the fame Munkacsy had already achieved. The gloomy incidents recorded in the artist's works doubtless are the outcome of that attitude of melancholy which the vicissitudes of his youth must have originated and fostered. The paint- ing "Calvary" excites the kindred emotions of wonder and awe. The artist has chosen to depict the moment when the Redeemer of Mankind, having with a loud voice cried—"It is finished," dropped His sacred head and gave up the ghost. Here we have the dread darkness of the sky as the awful sacrifice on the cross is consummated. The Divine Sufferer is crucified, but not as usually repre- sented. He is an advanced figure, the two thieves being placed right and left, but some distance behind the central figure. The "be- loved disciple" stands with his back to the spectators, but there is just enough of his face to show the despair which it is powerless to con- sole or even to think of the charge just com- mitted to his care. The Mother of God, in an attitude of deepest agony, is clasping the bleeding feet of her crucified Son. A golden-haired woman—too childish of figure for the magnificent specimen of woman- hood which imagination conjures up as we think of the Magdalen—kneels between the Virgin and Martha; or is it Mary the mother of James and John? Mary Magdalen has covered her face with her hands. The next figure is too large by comparison; but the up- turned face is most expressive, and the out- stretched arms suggest an agony of feeling which can find no other outlet. The grim execu- tioner having completed his dread task has shouldered his ladder, taken up his hatchet, and with a pair of pincers thrust in his girdle is walking away with brutal apathy, totally unconscious that he has been instrumental in bringing about the most stupendous tragedy creation ever bore witness to. The execu- tioner's face is most repulsive—report says it is that of a man who had offended the painter, and with the terrible power of reprisal which genius commands Munkacsy has perpetuated the offender's features in connection with an office the most loathed and odious of all. The penitent thief turns his dying eyes towards the Lord, who has promised, "To-day thou shalt be with me in Paradise." The second male- factor's face is of the lowest possible type, and bears a malignant look — mingled hatred and sullen endurance. Neither countenance bears the pain-racked expression which is so conspicuous on that of the dying Saviour. A centurion has slipped into a sitting attitude close to the "accursed tree," and may be supposed to have given vent to his sudden conviction in the words, "Truly this was the Son of God." There are about fifty undistinguishable figures on the canvas; the dark figures, helmets, and spears of the cohort of soldiers assembled to see the execution of the sentence duly carried out form a fitting and sombre background to the picture. One massive bronzed-faced Roman sits his war-horse like a rock, grasping his spear, and with stern emotionless face looks steadily on at what is to him but an ordinary carrying out of justice. Another mounted figure looks back half angrily, half afraid, as if wondering too late whether persecution, having attained its desired end, the deed were well done. There are other faces on which rest uneasy fears and darker doubts. An old man, a rabbi, with a companion in the foreground, walks with down- cast face and portentous brows. His surly friend is gesticulating fiercely, and is evidently trying to impress on the anxious Jew the fact that justice has only been done, and that "this man deserved to die." Plying away with terrified looks is an Israelite, whose dark crafty face has been falsely described as the arch-traitor Judas, but to paint him at Calvary would be anachronism of which Munkacsy is incapable, Judas having hanged himself so soon as he heard the sentence passed on his betrayed Lord. Others suppose the painter intended the flying figure to be typical of the "Wandering Jew," who was condemned to walk the earth until the second coming of the Lord, and that just now has dawned upon him to the fullest extent the awful fate allotted to him. A perplexed, disappointed face is ascribed to Peter, and there are harsh, malig- nant countenances in the crowd that would seem to jeer at the dying agony of the Redeemer of Mankind. The whole scene is essentially realistic and human, and dramatic to a degree, rendered more powerful perhaps by the fact that it lacks a single symbol to show that faith still lives, or a ray of heavenly light to give hope of a life to come, eternal and glorious, that fadeth not away. 