HOW ENGLAND IS BULLIED. Concerning tbe sentiment on tbe Pacific annexations of Germany, the Loudon correspondent of the Bombay Gazette says :—" Lord Derby will be Lord North of the nineteenth century. He seems resolved to kill the imperial spiiit iu tbe English people, aud by his almost brutally unsympathetic manner to estrange colonists who are pining for the goodwill of the mothercountry. To me it seems that one of the worst of Mr Gladstone's political offeuces is bis appointment to tbe post of Colouial Minister of a ui&u; who avowedly tbiuks 'our responsibilities aie already more tbau sufficient for our strength.' Lord Derby has a right to hold this opiuiuu but no mau boidinn it bas a right to be a Minister of the Crown. We want meu in office who know tbe strength of Eugland and are uot afraid to Use i'. A firm Minister wiuld not het-itate to say to Piiuce Bismarck even uow that he must keep his hand off New Guinea. The German chancellor plays tbe bully with Englaud because he thinks tbe present English Government will submit to auy humiliation rather than run tbe risk of quarielliug with him. l'be slightest show of resolution ou England's part would soon cool his courage. It is obvious that Germany cannot afford to provoke a war with this couutry. Iu such a conflict her great army could do us no conceivable harm, while our navy could close her ports, destroy her commerce, aud take possession of all her colonies. Besides, the moment hostilities were declared, the French would spring to arms to recover their lost provinces. All that this country really wants is, as Mr'lrevelyati bas justly remarked, " a stioug Goverumeut." Notwithstanding all that we hear from croakers about the stale of the navy, England was never more powerful than she is uow ; aud it is intolerable lhat she should let herself be browbeaten aud forced to take tbe second place by a Slate like Germauy, which is destitute of mar-ifiuie strength." V' ^ HAT JOCKEY fi TI rlrrr Club inteud to buld ajad^rcUBCou (he 2nd aud 3id June. The evfeuts'oF the Wat day will iuclude Maiden Plate, £50; Taltersall's Cup, £20 ; Handicap, a sweepstakes of £3, with £z30 added ; Priuce of Wales' Stakes, £25; Steeplechase, a sweepstakes of £3. with £40 added ; Railway Stakes, a sweepstakes of £2, with £30 added. The second day's racing will comprise a Selling Hurdle Race of £30; District Cup of £30; Wiuter Handicap, a sweepstake of £2. witb £100 added, Murrumbiduee Handican, a sweepstakes of £2, with £40 added ; Selling Race of £50. MOUNT'KOSCIUJKO.—Speaking of tbe country arouud Mount Kosciusko, aud the highest peak of tbe Australian Alps visited recently by Dr. Von Leudeufelt the discoverer says :—The riveis flowing fioul this group of mountains show that there must be an amount of aqueous precipitation there far exceeding tbe rainfall and dew iu any other part of Australia. I calculate that tbeie must be as mucU as 100 inches per annum on Mouut Kosciusko. The greatest part of tliis is dew—tbe whole plateau acting as a vast condenser. I bave bad a very extensive alpine experience, and uever before met witu such dew as that ou Mouut Kosciusko. I estimated the amount of dew on each nigbt at 1-16 of au inch. This dew often freezes, and consequently our tent iu the morning was as bard as a weatherboard house. The great mass of snow which" lies above 6000 feet for from six to eight months iu the year must naturally greatly enhance the fertility of tbe soil for summer. The whole plateau, extending for about 160 square miles, is uiost valuable couutry, aud ai present hardly utilised at all. In tbe lower regions tbete are beautiful forests of useful timber, aud above there is wellwatered treeless pasture laud, which cau only be excelled by the pastures iu tbe European Alps. There is uot tbe slightest difficulty in'the way of making roads. I would guarantee to drive a buggy from Sydney up to the very summit of Mouut Townsend in a day. THE KEWMABKET HANDICAP.—Tbe following is a description of tbe ruuuiut; for the Newuiaiket Handicap at Flemington on Saturday last :— " Cousideiabie delay occurred at tbe post, owing to the late arrival of Coronet and Coningsby, aud the frequeut "breaks away" by Mascoite and Sir Garnet. The flig ("ell to a good .start, with the exception of Velocipede, who was left at tlie post. Tbe fit si to show out from the rank were Garfield, Uueiina. Sir Garnet. Battalions, Sheet Aucbor, aud Middleuiarch. Crossipg tbe tau Mascotte, iVesiiiiiry. Sir Garuet, The Ghost, Sheet Aucbor, aud Coronet were ou the rails. Town Moor was most conspicuous. Opposite tbe carriage paddock, Sir Garnet swerved, and Coronet chauged his position, while Hannibal looked dangerous. Iiiside ttie distance. Coronet sligtitly beaded his field, and at the Half-distance Middleuiarch aud Sheet Anchor on the luside, challenged tue leader, but it was of no avail. The favourite won comfortably by three quarters of a length Ironi Middleiuarcl'. There was the same distauce from Sueet' Aucbor. and a length from The' Ghost, who was fourth. Lepoiello and Sir Garnet were together. Then came Salvo. Town Aloor, and T«'p*z. The last three were Alphabet, Mistake, aud Velocipede. Time, lrniu 19^s'ec. 