Traveller, Three Weeks iu Southland, BX FRANK MOKLBY. (Continued.) . ]?rom Kingston to Queonatowti the acenory {3. comparatively tamo for Lake Wakatip; althougn, if tho tourist wero to limit his ex cursion to Queenatown, ho would probably .be under the impression that tho gorges and 'mountains that ho passed in review aa tho little Mountaineer steamed on ita way were tolerable epeoimena ot nature under difficul ties, Every quarter ot a mile or so a minia ture cascade would coma tumbling down from (ha mountains, and some of them never reached tho Lake at all but wore frozen in their course, and remained hanging like a silver thread partly lost amid tho dense growth of oabbage palms, forns, and scrub, whioh slothed the western albpo of the moun tains from tha water's edge. Although Tounyaon, so far aa I know, jievei visited Lake Wakatip^ha haa described the appearance of those tiny rivulets to por lection in the Lotoa Eaters-? . Uka a silver thread tha Blender stream ^ Tof≪, and pause, and fall again did Beem." About jialf-way between Kingston and Queens towi^efriver Iio&hy; qomes tumbling down a gloqWy gofgoj fpjarde4 by two snow-flapped mountain045?hioa stain^ like eentinela watch ing tho river as ft rns¥fl8 over its shingly bed to minglo its watera with tho mighty Wakatip. This ia called Hftlf-w(*y B/iy-a very prosaia name for tha flrat-ramaqtio spot whioh greets tho traveller on hia way to tho more gor geous scenery at tho head of the lata. In the meantime the little Mountaineer ia steaming along past the snow-capped moun taina which appear to OIoho in behind her, and in front present an impenetrable wall, where " Hilla peep o'er hillfl, and Alps on Alps ( arise 1" until the very grandeur of the Boone becomes monotonous, and I descend into the little cabin, where I find my commercial friend sound asleep over a yellow baok novel, on the orimson cushions of tho eosy little saloon, , I also endeavor to become interested in a Frenoh novel which I had picked up pro miscuously in a Sydney book-stall j and if the novel was not quite go enthralling as the title of " La Famine de Cira " would lead one to expaet, it was oertainlyamusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the " ladies, and gentleman New-Yorkaii," whioh were por haps mora original than correet. According to this veracious ^ranchman the average "gentleman New-Yorhau" mar ries one week and is divorced the next, Hia life is a ohoioo mixture of true religion and brandy cock-tails, tempered " avea la re volver." . The horo of this ehoica speoimen of Gaelic literature ia one Jamea Gobson, who in tho opening ohapter playfully knocks one of his wife's teeth out, and artistically cuts oft her left ear. Ho then disappears into the Rooky mountains, from whonca ha despatches a band of Rod Indians, who oapture his wife from tho centra of a oirola of admiring friends who, at her invitation, aro enjoying the delights of "w» bal inasquS!" Tho body of a woman is subsequently found floating in tho river, and is identified as Miss Id&Biokard; (otherwise Mrs. Gobson). By tho way, Mrs, Gobson is always called Mitt Ida, whioh is an additional prosf of the Author's familiarity with American manners and customs. James Gobson is BUBpested of being the murderoc of his wife, whose supposed body has been identified; and ho is aboat to be arrested when he ooolly walks into tho detective ofiioe with a oigar in his mouth. In spite of hia assertions that Ida Riokard is Btill alive, ho is about to bo hanged, to the great satisfaction of a Yankoa mob, who are yelling for hia blood, when Ida Riokard herself turns np. Tho living Ida Riokard and the dead Ida Riokard arc as much alike aB G»sar and Pompey; and the now«comer is also minus a tooth and an ear in a preoisely similar man ner to the eorpso, The supposed murderer, James Gobson, is now released amid the en thusiastic acclamation of the mob which, only five minutes before, was howling for his blood. Then the divorced Mr. and Mrs. Gobson aro re-married, and the presumption is that tho playful Gobson will now proceed to out off his wife'B other car and knook out another tooth or so, in tho accustomed man ner of tho "gentlemen New-YorhaieBut a preternaturally aonto deteotive, William Dow, still persists in bolieving that James Gobson has killed his wifo ; so ho lias a oast of tho dead Ida Riokard taken in wax; and this "Femme d4 Cira" playa a very im portant part in unravelling the mysteries of the rather flhastly *tory. It appears that James Gobson, who must have been a very nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his decoased wife's sister. Then he had out off his deoeased wife's sister's ear, and knocked out ono of his docenscd wife's sister's teeth in order to make the re semblance of tha twin sisters more exact. Then he re-marries his deceased wife's sister, pretending that she is his deceased wife, whom he thus practically demonstrates not to be doeeased at all. In the long run, of oourso, James Gobson is hanged; but it would havo been much better if no had boon hanged in tho flrat chapter, both for tbd writer and reader of this remarkable novel. But while my friend tha commercial ia snoring on one side of the littla saloon, and I am trying to become interested in this gory tragedy on the other, tho Mountainoer is speeding on her way to Quoonatown, and from tho littlo windows of tho saloon I oan see that we aro still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, whioh appear to ba getting wilder and mora rugged the farther wo proceed. Wo reaoh Quoenstown about 4 o'clock, and a most oharming littlo hamlet it looks with tho'little white houses, putting ono in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores of a perfoot littlo miniaturo bay, baoked by mountains of brobdingnagian pro portions. Ab our steamer slowly made for tho little jetty wo had time to tafea a good view of tho little town and its surroundings before getting too close to lose tho effeot of tho scene as a whole, To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort of littlo peninsula, planted with bluo gums a tree wnieh seems to flourish better in Now Zealand than in Australia; and, indeed, I question whether tho Tasmanian blue gum is not quite aa muoh at homo in Now Zealand as in its native island. As wo stand on the deok of tho steamer and look over the little peninsula whioh helps to form the littlo bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain mass whioh shoots straight up from tho water, and looks like a f»igantia oross-out saw with teeth 0,000 feet high, pointing skyward, and over whioh some playful Titans had scattered flour in sport. Thcso aro the Remarkable Mountains;" but why they should bo more remarkable than tlia ten thousand other mountains whioh are visiblo at the same time, it ia hard to say. They aro certainly rugged and Ateep, and rasor baoked; with angry looking blaok tooth jutting out of tho puro whito snow whioh vainly tries to eling to tho smooth, shining surfaoe, springing up almost perpendicularly until lost in tha clouds and mists. Thoy are old and haggard looking ; soarred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ton million years or more; but they are no more remarkablo than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains whioh crowd and joatlo oaoh other for standing room aronnd Lako Wakatip. By this time wo aro at the Queenatown wharf, and a largo proportion of tho inhabi tants of Queenstown, in tha shape of two men and a boy, aro thereto witness our disembark ation. Half of tho entire passenger list of tho Mountaineer, from Kingston to Queenstown, leave tho steamer at tho latter port, when my friond tho Commercial steps on ahoro. Ho is bound for tho Arrow, a mining township about fifteen miles further'on, and' tho centra of a considerable diggings, about whioh tho name of tha Shotover recalls familiar recollections. But before he goea wo adjourn to Eichardt'e hotel, whera wo drink our first whisky sinoo leaving tho Elbow. Tho hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance; and as I havo only a limited tima at my command, she advises ma to go on by tha boat to tho head of the Lake, and return to Queenatown by tho Sarah-Jano, another of tho Wakatip steam boats. At 5 o'olock, then, tha third whlstlo of tho Mountaineor (whioh,by the way, sounds moro liko a fog-horn) breaks the silence, and rover berates from tha hills, and advises all pas sengers to embark, It was nearly dark when we baoked away from the Queenstown wharf. Tho mists were gathering thick upon tho mountains; and these snow-draped giants looked like so many ghosts brooding over some blaok tarn in a gigantio spirit land. Now wo are swal lowed up in tho darkness, and tho last lights of Queenstown havo disappeared, With nothing visiblo but the inky black water, of whioh ono is only conscious by the percep tion of an added blackness, and an occasional glimpse of a ghostly something on our right, which, disappearing sternward, wa presume to bo tho rooky shore of the lako within reaoh, almost, of an outstretched hand; while high abovo our head, and apparently ovorarohing the lake, and reaching out to meet each other iu the gloom, aro hpg« masses o! datknesa visible; these, wa inatino tively aoocpt as the mountains everlastingly towering to the sky, and now only visible be cause more blaokly invisible than tho murky vault above them. In such a scene as this it must have boon that Edgar Allen Poe oonceived his mystioal poem* Ulalume " Tho skiea they were ashen and sober; Tho leaves they were erispfid and sere The leaves they were withering and sere; It was night in the lonesome October Of my moat immemorial year. It was hard by the dim lake of Auber, In the misty mid region ol Weir It was down by the dark tarn of Auber, In the ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir," In snoli a scene as this tho poet wandered " through an alley Titanie of cypress " with Psycho his soul. But it requires the soul of a poet to cxtraot the hidden beauties of such a tioene as this. Hidden they are indeed; for thero is absolutely nothing but darkness visible, unless what may' be visible " to the mind's eye, Horatio." But hero oomos tho captain, who, up to this point, has been upon the bridge, and we get into conversation about things in general and Lake navigation in particular. The ship's certificate, hanging at the head of tho companion-way, gives ub the following information about our oaptain and his vessel Name of tho steamer : Mountaineer. Port of registry : Dunedin. Name of master: Edward Thomai Wing. Registered tonnage: 66. And I may as well acknowledge at onoe that I was very much eseroiued in my mind as to tho reason why such a good seaman who, like Oaptain Ooraoran, has " sailod the ocean blueand who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should bo oontent to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy stoamer. But Oaptain Thomas Wing knows what he is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for etioking to a post which is cer tainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It Is not to be sup posed that navigating Lake Wakatip is loss difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I should think it would be muoh mora hasardous. Here wo are now steaming along full speed in pitohy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On our light ia a rooky wall plunging down into unfathomablo depths. We cannot see tho rooky uhore, but we know, or at least aupposo, it is within say four hun dred yards of our starboard bow. On our left is another rooky wall, springing from equally unfathomable depths. These two rooky walls are constantly altering their position in ac cordance with the serpentine twists of the lake-or rather the lake alters to suit their contortions, Bight in front of us, and stretching aoross the lake from wall to wall we cannot say from shore to shore, as there is praotioally no shore-are a series of rooky islands, through which, in the blaoknegs of darkness, tho captain, by some sort of blood instinot or inspiration, has to thread his way, Ocean navigation is more child's play to this. Here, ten minutes' steaming in a wrong direotion, or past a certain point (whioh point in the darkness oan only be guessed at), and the vessel is hurled upon a wall of rook; and if aha were the Great Eastern herself she would bo swallowed up, and leave not a ripple on tho surface in less than five minutes. - There, out in the high seas, if the oaptain is dubious of his position, ha oan turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherover ho likes into iilimi tible waters, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To la continued.) 