THE CASE GF MR. VAN KLUCEN. ClIAl'TEB X. More years ago than X care to specify I was one of the officials of the Hemingford county gaol.' Iu point of fact, X was neither mors nor less than a warder, I had been well brought up and tolerably well educated, but a persistent course of wild oats sowing, involving the loss .of three or four good situations, had so dig- guflted my people, that by common eonsont they turned their books on me, and wished mo bon rot/age on my journey to the deuce. When, therefore, Sir Magnus Marks, an old friend of iny father, as a last .resource offered me the post of warder at XXomingford gaol, I accepted the situation more to spite my stuck up relatives than out of any pleasure which the prospect afforded me. However, as ft happened, X found the poBt more to my liking than X had expected, and X retained it for upwards of a couple of years, till, in fact, something much better came in- my way. As a mattor of course, many queer things came under my notioe during the time I wasp warder, X could relate tho particulars of many strango incidents and .out of the ytsy experiences which the world outside tho gaol never heard of j but for ; tho present . X will confine myself to one such incident, which I now feel at , liberty to malt public, the chief actor in it having, not long ago, broken through the walls of his earthly prison and sccnrcd the freedom of the grave. . The Van Klngen case, as it was1 called at the time, had been the chief topic of conversa tion in Hemingford sooicty from the day the accused man was commit ted. on tho charge of wilful murder up to the time when the assises took place. If, here and there, yon met with one individual -who professed to beliove in the innocence of the prisoner, yon met. twenty who wero fnily prepared to vouoh for ids guilt. "This readiness to put the worst construction on the cose was ho doubt due. in some measure ,to the .unpopularity .of Mr. Van JCIugoO. That'he was rich was a well known feet, ' but from the day he settled down on- a small estate which lie had bonglit' in the neighbor hood of Hemingfnrd lie had. lived the life of .an utter recluse, shunning. all society, nnd being rarely-seen beyond the precincts of . his own park, . As afaot, Mr. VanKlugeq'-s days end- nights wero devoted to the pursuit of abstrapt acieacq. ' -On an eminence at the back of: his house, lie had bnilt a small observatory,- in .which ku - had fixed a powerful tolpsoope, together , with other instruments for observing and registering the transit of heavenly bodies. There wens dark rumors of a locked up room in the house itself, in 'which were furnaoca and. crucibles, and articles of strango chape, designed for unknown uses, and from ' which on -winter evenings there often proceeded weird, un earthly noises, as it might he of <emonaic laughter, and subtle deadly odors ; while (ront the low, wido mouthed chimney lambent tongues of many colored - flame were seen to dance and quiver as though from a veritable opening into Tophet itself. Add to all this the fact that tho liouso into which . Mr. Von Klngen lived had stood empty for twenty years before ho became its tenant, its. reputa tion being tainted: by tho presence of an undoubted ghost, and it will bu at onco .understood why that gentleman was nova- likely to becomo popular among a provincial community, where to. be different from your noigiibors was to bo something that you ougbt not to be. The ussixes caiqo on in duo course, Mr. Van Klugen stood bis trial, was brought in guilty, nnd .was cast for death. The case was a somewhat singular one, but may bo summarised hero in a few wordq. 'Mr, Van Klngen was accused and found guilty .of poisoning $ young iwjy who prya his ward. And by whoso (lcu1.li ho would benefit to tho crt-nt of several thousand pounds. The young Indy 'bad been ailing for a day or two, but no medical aid had been considered _ necessary. One morning she was found dead in her bud. The post mortem examination brought to light unmistakable traces of poison. No cnuso could bo shown why tho young lady should fcayo committed Biiicido, In Mr. Vun Klugon's laboratory were found numerous specimens of deadly poisons, togotlior with a number of notes in his writing. having refercnco to cor- tain toxicological experiments of recent date. A discharged servant swore to having heard high words pass between her master and tho young lady about a week beforo tho death of the latter. Circumstantial e.ldenco has sealed the fate of many a man, and it sealed the fate of Mr. Van lClngon. It was not till after his condemnation that I made the acquaintance of Mr. Van Klugen. Ae aprisonor nnder sentence of death he was never allowed to bo loft alone, and it fell to my lot to be one of the two night warders ap pointed to watch him. Before going any further I think it right to state that, from all I eaw of Mr. Van Klugen, ' I believed him then, as I firmly believe him now, to have been altogether innocont of tho crime for which lie was condemned. In tide brfief, as I have since found, I am by no means singular. Many men, clcveror and more far Bighted insnch matters than I can profess to he, have expressed themselves to the same effect. The nrisoner's age was put down in the calendar as fifty- five, but he hardly looked it. He was a tall, dignified looking man, with grizzled hair and moustache, ana with large grey piercing eyes. From the moment he woa pnt nnder my care I seemed to take to him, as the eaying is, as I never took to any prisoner before or after. Ho was as kindly, affablo and cheerful in tho condemned coll as he might hare been in his own drnwingrooin, and ho treated me and my brother warders with tho genial courtesy of a high bred gentleman whom ' no circumstances have powor to alter. He fluent a great part of each day in reading and writing. Tho hooka which ho had asked for and had obtained permission to have were nearly all on scientific and abstruse subjects, and he read them, and took notos of different points in them, as calmly as though ho had many years' lease of life still before him. He Was a great Binoker, and ns a special privilege he was allowed the solace of his favorite meerschaum. Ho had never been married, and after his condemnation he had but one visitor— his mother. She was a very little, withered up old lady, but remarkably active and vivacious for her age. Sho was allowed to visit the gaol for an hour every other day, on which occasions the conversations botweon herself and her son wore always Conducted in German. These meetings had little or nothing of a sentimental character about them. Mother and Bon kissed each other when they met, and again when they parted, but there were no toars or rcplnings. Their talk was qniot and eanncst, hut novcr lachrymose. Without flattery to myself I may say that I was better educated, and had been brought up in a hotter class of society, than any of my fellow warders at tho gaol. Mr. Van Klugen was not. long in discovering this, and whon he Was tired of reading or writing or brooding Silently, ho would not unfreqnently light his meerschaum and seek relaxation in a chat with his keepers. Me he favored especially in tiiat way, and our talk was on a hundred difforeut topici, for Mr. Van Klugen had one of those Omnivorous intcllocts to which no tiling seems to come amiss. The great political quostious of the day, the petty gossip of our little town, my personal history and adventures, tho latest Scientific discovery, or tho last now novel— he Beamed -to have an equal relish for one and all. The morn I saw of him the moro I marvolled. I never hoard Mr. Van Klugen mako any allusion to the crime of which ho bad been fonnd guilty, except on ono occasion, and oven then I think he was unawaro that ho was speaking alond, "I'oor Julie?" I heard hira matter, "poor headstrong Julie ! So self- willed, and yet with such a noblo heart! To think that I would have hurt a hair of thy head 1 And yot they say that I poisoned thee! Fools f CiurTEn II. Mr. Van Klugen was regular in all his habits, and in none mora so than in his time of going forest and getting up. As soon as tho prison cloth chimed the half hoar past eleven ho Ceased from whatever ho might be engaged upon, and, having taken off some portion of his olothing, ho lay down on tho hard and narrow pallet provided for his use. Ten minutes lator ho was to all appearance fast Siflecp. Ho would invariably awako at five almost to the minute, and, having bathod and partdken of a cup of coffee, he would at once sit down to his books ; nor did tho conscious- hess that a certain morning was drawing noar with terrible strides seem to abate in tho least the ardor of his studios. That fatal morning was but five times removed when night came round onco more, and onco more Mr. Van Klngcu lay down to his rest. I and my follow warder, Stockley, WO re on duty as usual. It was a fotv minutes past'twclvo when, having occasion to cross tho ceil for ooino purpose, I chanced to take a closer glonco than usual at tho face of the sleeping man, which was turned to tho wall and hidden in part from me. What I saw made me turn cold from head to foot. Tho face of Mr. Van Klugen looked for all tho world like the face of a dead man. i\Iy cry of alarm brought my comrade to my side. Tho first thing wo did was to turn our pri ;oncr ovor on his back. His extremities were cold and pulseless, but tho body was still warm, and the faintest possiblo boating of tho heart Bhowcd that ho was still alivo, The oyes were glazed, and sunken in their orbits, and everything seemed to indicate that tho man's last moment was at hand. I rang tho alarm bell, and In a very ehort time both tho govomor and tho doctor were on tho spot. Tho first idea of all of us was that our prisoner had poisoned himself ; but how, when, und With what ? Tho doctor was ovldently non plussed. Ho oponcd a vein, and ordarod his limbs to boohnfed, and tried afow other simple remodlea, but without any apparent offoct, At tho end of a quarter of an hour tho condition oftlie prisoner was to all appearance exactly tho camo as whon he was first discovered. The governor and the doctor looked at each otbor In dismay. Suddenly, and without a moment's warning OS U aeemcd, the light of a living soul flashod Molt into the glazed upturned oyos, and pro- Boutly a voice, hollow, faint, and with a sort of far away sound in it, startled us all, as though it were indeed an utterance from ther tomb. ...... " What the dence are yon good people doing here? — Mr. Governor and Monsieur ' le Medecin, and my two sturdy men at arms! I am not worth this pother thut's made about me. Thank yon all tho same." "Glad you have come round," said the doctor. " Sorno kind of fit. I suppose . " 1'oasibiy," said Van Klugen drily. -" -In' any case it cun hardly matter to a moribund manlike me. It would only havo been common charity to have left me undisturbed." ' Tho governor, who was a man of few words, shook his bead and smiled a faint dissent. " You wero afraid your next Monday's show might have been spoiled, eh ? It would be a very lame affair without the presence of tho tragedian in chief. Your groundlings would have just cause to consider themselves aggrieved." The doctor felt his palse. ' You are much better," he said. " I -will send you a compos ing draught." " Which I shall decline to take," answered the prisoner. " Gentlemen, I am better now, and would be alone," Thoreupou he turned his face to the wall and shut his .eyes. The governor and doctor folt there was nothing left for them but to to retire. Mr. Van Klugen eeemed as usual next morning, and made no allusion to the scene of tho previons night. His mother made her . customary visit in the course of the day. About niue o'clook next .evening Mr. Van ' Klugen abruptly closed the big book he had been reading, took a few turns round his cell, 1 and then spoke, addressing himself both to me ' and my fellow warder Stockley. " You thought that I was very ill last night, 1 did you not ? he asked. " And you imagined j that I was going to die ? Well, I want to be ill to-night in exactly the same way. I say advisedly that I want to be. At twelve o'clock precisely I shall begin to be ill j at two o'clock precisely I shall hsgin to rocover. Do not be alarmod ; I am not going to commit Buicide. On that point I give you my word of honor. Now, I have hero two ten pound notes, of which I -will ask each of' you to accept one, tho sole condition being that you do not disturb me in any way between the hours of twolvoand two. bnt leave me to come round entirely of my own acoorcL Yon will bo doing a kindness to a dying man, and will at tho same time to a certain extant benefit yourselves. What say you ?" It was a strange, a very strange proposal. My mate and I laid our- heads together and talked it over in whispers.- Both of m were poof men, and ten pounds -oach would be a little godsend to us. In brief, after some further conversation with our. prisoner, and after he bad again given us his solemn assur ance that it was not his intention to commit suioide, we agreed to the offer. The monoy was handed ovor to us at onco, and wo awaited, the hour of twelvo with an anxiety we could scarcely conceal. It came at last, boomed out slowly and solemnly by the pri ion clook. Mr. Van Klugen had retired to his pallet' nt half-past eleven, as he always did, and to all appearanoe had gone off into one of his usnal quiet steeps. Tho t'mo went on. Five minutes, ten minutes, a quarter of an hour passed, and tho sleeping man stirred nut. I rose and crossed -to the side of his bed, so as to observe him more closely. As on the preceding night, he looked more like a corpse than a man with tho Blightest breath of life in him ; indeed, it was only through having seen him present the same appearance bofare that I could bslievo him to ho still alive. Both I and my mate were horribly frightened, and at that moment we would gladly have given up our twenty pounds if by so doing we could have brought our charge back to couaciousoess. The gtazel eyes, tho pinched nostrils, the drawn in cheeks, the cadaverous complexion, like that of a man several days dead, and the deadly cold hands, were enough to frighten any one. I laid my hand on his heart, while Stoekloy held a email mirror close above his lips. What a relief it was to find that iio still breathed, although that breathing was .of tho faintest I For two hours ho remained without the slightest apparent change, while we sat anxiously by him. Onco or twice we debated In a whisper whether we had not better summon thedootor, but our debate came to nothing. We both declared afterwards that those were the; longest two hoars we' had ever spent in oar lives. It was with a sigh of relief that ws heard the prison clock strike two. Wo Btill sat by onr charge, watching him anxiously. A few minutfi3 later, and tils first, faint signs of returning coniolousness became apparent. A minute or two later still he opened his eyes, sat up, nud looked around. " I am glad to find that to-night you have acted like sonsible men,"' were his first words. "Yon see that I have 'kept my promise by' coming baok to you. You have don9 me a very great service, and I thank you for it." , He lay down, turned hie face to the wall, aud . went off tosloop likoa olilld. Chatter lit When Stockley and I went on duty hoxt > evening neither of us anticipated that wo should be subjected to a repetition of our previous tomptatiou. But so it was.. Mr.' Van Klugen pleaded hard. No harm had como of our acoudtng to his request, lie said, aud no harm would como of our acceding to it onoo again. There was -another ten pound noto ready for each of us. Tiie ar rangement would bo predisuly tho same as before, From twelve till two he would remain uncouedons ; at two o'clock he would resume the functions of ordinary existence ; that was all. Need it ho said that for the Becoud time the temptation wai toe much for ns '! Mr. Van Klugea had his way. At five minutes past twelve he was again to all appoaranco a dead man. Tho symptoms wore tho same in every rospuot ni those of the two precodiug aights. Our watch was not without anxiety, but wo had become familiarised in some measure with tho foatcres of tho case, and had loss fear as to the result. At a few minuto3 past two signs of returning lifo wero visible, and both Stoekloy and I thanked our stars that tho aifair was safely ovor. Mr. Van Klugea sat up iu bed and stared around like a man utterly bewildered, .fudg ing from tho way ho lookod at Stockley and mo, ho might never havo soon us before. Then ho put hie hands to hie hoad, as though trying to colleot hie thoughts. " It is all truo, thou —a dismal reality 1" I heard him matter, And with that ho groaned deeply, aud foil back on his pillow. This behavior on the part of our prisoner surprised Stockley and mo so much that we knew not what to mako of it. " Would you like to sue the doctor, air ? or the governor ? or tho chaplain ?" I asked, in a helpless sort of way. " They aro all within call, nnd would gladly come if you enro to see them," " No, no ; I want nothing, nor nobody. Only to be lot alone," he answered, " And now I am iudood alone," he added pitifully. After that bo lay for several, minutes with his face burled iu tho pillow, and neither spoke nor moved. " Going to make a confession, maybe/' whispered Stockley. I shook my head. I was a firm believer in Sir. Vun Klugon's innocence, " Only losing hi3 norvo a bit," I whispered hack, " through being shut up so long," Aftor a little while the condemned man got up and began to paco from ond to end of his cell, with something of the air and manner of a cagod animal, linnet have some brandy or I shall go mad," ho presently exclaimed. " Is there such a thing to bo had in this cursed hole ?" " I will make inquiry, sir," T said. With that I rang the boll, anil sent a message to the governor. Ten minutes later a warder with a small decanter of brandy knocked at the coil door. The prisoner seized on tho liquor eagerly, and drank off two-thirds of a tumblerful at a draught, as though it were so much water. After that he took to pacing his cell again. And so the night slowly wore itself away. Once in the course of the night he stopped in his walk by the little tablo and opened one or two of the big tomes, within whoso leaves he had been wont to find a solace for so many weary hours. Ho stopped and opened-them merely to glance at thoir title pages, and shut them again with an impatient " Pish !" Every .time the prison clock struck the hoar he stood still and counted the strokes. Just a< the clock had done striking six he laid a hand Buddonly on my shoulder. " At what hour on Monday next does my— my little affair como off ?" ho asked. Hie dry, bloodless lips scorned as if they conld soarcoly frame the question. " At nine o'clook, sir, to ths minute." "A — hi" It was more a sigh than an exclamation. With that he resumed his endless walk. -Neither Stoeklev nor I was sorry when the time. came to gooff duty. I went home and to bed, but only to dream i of the singular change in Mr. Van Klugen ; and when I woke up he was still uppermost in mv thomrhts. When Stockley and I .went on dnty next evening, Mr. Van Klugen glanced up at ns with a sort of moody indifference, bnt did not ' acooit us as bs had at ways been in tho habit of doing. This of itself showed how great-was the change from the kindly, cheerful, philo sophic gentleman to whom both of us had " taken" as we never took to a prisoner before nor after. All that night he hardly spoke to us, neither did he so rnuoh as open one of his favorite books. Even his meerschaum eeemed to have lost its oharm. At intervals he slept fitfully and feverishly ; at other times he sat brooding iu silence, or pao.-d from end to end of the little cell with an unwearying savage persis tency that was dreadful to look upon. Not less marked was tho change which a few hours aeeined to have wrought in his personal appearance. His face had suddenly become worn and haggard. The thick brows had come down and hall hid the bloodshot eyes below them. There was an occasional nervous twitching of the mouth aud a slight trembling j of the hands whioh I had never noticed before. 'Mind anil body, Mr. Van Klugen seemed an -utterly changed man. A long weary night, aud then Sunday dawaod peaceful and bright. The fresh air, the sunshine, tho happy chirping of the birds, had never seemed so sweet and pleasant to me as they did that morning, as I walked down the long dull street homeward from tho gaol. Only one more night, aud my thauklese task would bo at au end. When I went on duty on Sunday evening I was told that the prisoner had had no visitors whatever during the day. Not even his mother had come to take her final farewell of hiin. It was strange, very strange. I found him very pale and haggard, and to all appear ance almost worn out from want of sleep and au almost total iaability to tako food of any kind. His strength had to be kept up by stimulants administered nnder the doctor's direction!, for which, indeed, he craved eagerly.' About midnight he asked for writing materials, and was busily engaged with his pen till after .three o'clook. Then he lay down In bis clothes and slept, with many nneasy moan ing fits and starts, till six. A few minutes later the chaplain knocked at the door. " Mr. Van Klugen had written two letters in the aourae of the night. These ho now sealed up and gave into the chaplain's hands. Ono of the letters was to be opeaod by that gentleman a week aftor bis (Mr. Van Klugen's) death. The second letter was addressed to " Herman Travis, Ejq., Tho Pavement, Wovcney Mallow," and it wa3 the prisoner's earnest request that this letter, together with a mourning ring in blaok and gold which he took off his finger, should be delivered by a trustworthy person into tho hands of Mr. Trevu.himself'as soon aftor all was over 03 might bo convenient. Such wishes are sacred. Three hours later Mr. Van Klugea was no longer among tho living, — T. W. sreionr, In Bcljiuvia. (To HE CONCLUDED IN OCR NEXT.) 