INTERCOLOLIAL CORRESPON- DENCE. From our- own Correspondent VICTORIA. . .. Melbourne Feb 19. Like our neighbour we are at fever heat on the question of sending a military force toserve under Lord Wolseley in . the Soudan and assist to avenge the death of the gallant Gordon. There is however little need for me to say much on the subject for two special reasons: first, because the subject being an all engrossing one, full details are being telegraphed all over the colonies, and secondly, because at the very moment at which I write, things are in a position of the greatest uncertainty. A cablegram, sent specially" to the' Age, was published yesterday, announcing that theVictorian offer of 700 men had been accepted,but last night Reuter's messages to the papers were to the effect that the offers of both Victoria, and Canada had been declined as it was thought they would arrive too late to be of use this season. . In a second edition of the Age,published at 3*5 a.m. to-day, a furthers message is published to the effect that the offers of Canada, Victoria, Queensland and South Australia had been accepted if they were found necessary. I feel inclined to think that this is correct, but a few hours will settle the point. As in the, other colonies Victorians have come forward eagerly for foreign service. The determination of the Government to select mainly from the Naval Reserve, has created great discontent in the ranks of the permanent Artillery, but I think the military authorities do not care to send them away. It is the intention of the Government when they receive an acceptance to the offer to call Parliament together, as I think the Cabinet must have been divided as to taking the full responsibility. • i The Australian Natives' Association at Buckworth have passed resolutions to be forwarded to the Premier denouncing the war notion in toto. ''They, will doubtless cause surprise as the feeling of the multitude is decidedly the other way. The case of Coulthard, whom I men- ; tioned in a former letter as having been, arrested for two robberies from dwellings,; proved to beone of the most extraordin-: ary cases of mistaken identity which I ever heard of. Coulthard, who is an engineer, and has just returned from South Africa where he has been on the diamond fields, was arrested about a fortnight -ago for stealing a silver cup and other articles from the room of a Mrs Dudley at the Coffee Palace. A second robbery, which he was alleged to| have committed, was the theft of ten £1- notes from the study of Dr. Annand, now acting as locum tenens for Dr.Fitzgerald during the absence of the latter gentleman in Europe. The robbery from the Coffee Palace is stated to have been committed on the 17th of January. It was alleged that the prisoner had stayed at the Coffee Palace and on the day of the robbery had been met coming from Mrs. Dudley's room and had explained that he had missed his way. Mrs. Dudley positively Identified him when taken before her by the detectives, and the pawnbrokers, where the goods were pledged, followed suit. Last Tuesday however the prisoner's counsel stated that on the 17th of January he was a passenger on board -the snip, E. J. Spence coming, here from Natal, which vessel did not get to the Williamstown Railway Pier till six on the morning of the 18th. The evidence of the captain and others to this effect secured the dismissal of the case, the bench considering that there must be some other man about remarkably like the prisoner. In the case of the theft from Dr. Annand, the servant. maid, who let the thief in and waited in the passage while he wrote a note to the doctor, said she would take "her dying oath" that the prisoner was the man. She heard a noise such as would be made by getting in amongst papers and going into the room asked if he wanted anything. He said he wanted an envelope and that she gave him. For the defence in this case an alibi was again proved. The robbery took place on the evening of the 30th of January and on that evening at the time stated the prisoner, was walking with a Mrs. Crocket in the gardens. This case like the first, was dismissed, and a third which-had been entered. was withdrawn. Altogether Mr. Coulthard has had a very narrow escape. The detective police have been making enquiries respecting a murder whichan old man named Richard Gordon, who has given himself into custody at Cloncurry, Queensland, has confessed to having committed. From a telegram which, has come from the Queensland police, it appears Gordon was working near Castlemaine in 1855 and quarrelling with a man named Henry Thomas Bartlett, murdered him. He hid the body in a drive and left the country never returning but latterly. Life has been a burden to him and he has felt constrained to confess. The enquiries " made have led to no result. There is no record of Bartlett having been murdered or of a man having been missed. In those early times however when men wandered about from diggings to diggings the disappearance of one or two miners would have caused no comment As we more nearly approach the autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club. speculation gets brisker over the events. Some of the men of the pencil are still confined to their houses from the effects of the Cootamundra railway accident, but notwithstanding this a large amount of business was transacted last week. The wagering was principally about the Newmarket Handicaps, and Sir Garnet, Coronet, Sheet Anchor, Prometheus, Battailon, Muscotte and Coningsby have been taken to win thirty or forty thousand. Xantippe, The Ghost, Middle March, Malwa, Amelia, Victoria and VeIocepede have also had numerous backers. The owner of Commotion continues backing him to a small extent for the Australian Cup. As soon as tlie contingent return from Lnunceston" business will doubtless be in full swing. It is looked upon as very extraordinary that the South Australian Jockey Club should bring off • their autumn race meeting on the Flemington course at Melbourne. I believe however that they hare been compelled to, take this step owing to 'the Totalizator Abolition Bill having robbed them, of a chance pf making their meetings pay. They have Advertised a liberal programme tor the 2nd, 7th and 9th of May, and it is just possible that with the Melbourne popu- tion at hand they may make, a good thing of the venture. The notion is none the less eccentric for all that - 