: .... . . . - .. *::i A Dead Man's Face. A GHOST STORY. : B THE AUTHOR OF " CALLED BACK." (Concluded.) S Both bride and bridegroom said their "I willi" in such low tones that I could scarcely hear their voices. Tlen, in pursuance of my duty, I gave the woman to thie priest. liHe joined the Ihands of Claud and Judith. After having played my little part I ihad nlot ::s: moved b ck to my former station. I wa~s now S close to the bride, and as Claud turned to her, .: could see his face to advantalge. It was posi :- tively distorted with suppressed emotion of ."some kind. His mouth was set, and I could ' see that Iris teeth were closed on his under lip. He did not look at his fair bride. His gaze passed over her shoulder. In fact, he seemed almost oblivious to her presence. I w.:?s dreadfully frighltened. \- The cler-yiiman's voice rang out: "I Olanud, take thee, Judith, to my wedded io. Then, heariig no echo of his words, he paused. : "Repeat after me,"he prompted. Again he Sbegan, "I, Claud----" B: ut ris voice was drowned in a louder one, which rang through the empty church. With a fierce cry, as or sienxpressible rage, Claud had -thrown the bride's hand from him, and was pointing and gesticulating toward the wall, upon'which his eyes had been riveted. "Here !--even here!" lhe almost shrienked. ,"That cursed, white, wicked, dying face! W Vhose is it ? Wliy does it come between me :: 'nd :niy lose? Madi Mad ! I am going ·:j-:.5 maiid!'l " :, : -. .? :: I heeded not thei clergyman's look of dismay, or the. bride's cry:of distress. I thought of n.notliiig but my unfortunate brother. Here, at the momient which should be the happiest lhe had yet known, the gruesome hallucina tibn had come back to 1im. I threw my arms rourid hnim and tried to cahlmhim. " It is fancy, dear boy," I said. "~ Ia mo ment it will be gone." "'Gone! Why does it come? What have I to do with this dying man? Look, Fraunk, look ! Something tells me if you look you sill see it. There l there l ,Look there !" His eyes were ever fixed on tle same point. He grasped my arm convulsively. £ am ashamed to say that I yielded, and looked in the direction of his gaze. " There is notlhing tlere," I said, soothingly. " Look !" lie exclaimed. "It sill come to you as to me." - It nmay have been the hope of convincing Claud of the illusionary nature of.tlhe sight lwhich tormented him, it may have been some strange fascination wroughlt by his words and 'manner, wslichl made me for some mnoments gaze with hin. God of Heaven! 'I saw gradually forming out of nothing, gathlerinig on the blank wall in front of me, a face, or the semnblaice of a face, white, ghastly, horrible ! Long, dank, wet-looking dark hair, eyes start Sing from their sockets, lips working- the whole appearance thalmt of the face of a mai who is struggling with death: in every detail as Claud had described it. And yet to me tlhat face was more terrible than cver it could have been to Claud. I gazed in horror. I felt my eyes growing riveted to the sight as his oanl. - I felt my whole frame trembling. I lknew that in anotlher moment I should be raving as wildly as hlie raved. Only his hoarse whisper recalled me to mny sesees. • "You see ?' hIe asked, or ratlher asserted. Horror forced thel truth from me. "I see, or fancy I see," I answered. SWith a wild laughl Claud broke from me. HIe rushled down tlhe church and disappeared. As he left me, the face, thank Heaven i faded fraom the wall, or from mny imagination.. I turned to my comnpanions. Judith Dos pard s-s lying in a dead swoon on the altar steps; the curate with tremblhig hlands was loosening tlhe throat of her dress. I callcd for water. The sexton broughlt it. I bathed tlhe laoor woman's temples,4 and in a few minutes she sighed, opened her eyes, and then shud dered. I took her in miy iarmns and stagered to the church door. The curate remove3 1his surplice ad followed nme. I placed my almost senseless burden in the carriage. " Fr Heaven's sake, see her honie,:' I said S to the curate. "I must go and look after my brother. As soon as I have seen him I will : come round to Mrs. Despard's. Get hleriome , -quickly.. The coachlman kimows where to go:" -Th~e broughlam drove off. I th-row myself into a cal, and drove towarid Claud's rooms. I hioped he might have gone straight there. To my great relief, when I reached his house he 'wns on thle door-step. We entered his roomn together; he sankl wearily into a chair, and buried his- face in his lands. I was scarcely less agit:ited than hinmself, and imy fice, as Icaught its reflection in tle mnirror, was white as Iris ownu. I waited for iim to spea.i : . Sp resntlhy Iosised his head. "Go to her," lie said. Ask lmer why that face comes be tweeii us. Youceaw it-even you. It can be no fancy of minhe. Tell her we can meet no "I will wait until you are cahner before I go." - - "5Calm! I sm myself now. The thing haIs left ime, as it always does. Frank, I have hida. den from you one peculiarity of my state. That awful face inever sholws itself to me un less I am in her compainy. Even at the altar it came between us. - Go to her; ask her why it comes." I an ashamed to re-assert it; I am willing to own that excitement, liy brother's impres sive manmer, superstition whlich I did not biow I possessed-ianytlhing that may bear a natural explanation-may have raised that vision. But lwhy should that phlantomn, gather ing an' d grovwing from' niothling until it at tained to form, or at least semblance, have beeim the face of one I lhad kinlown? n Why should tlhe features distorted in deadly agony Slhave been tlhose of nmy brother Stephlen? For his was the dreadful face wliich Claud's promptimgs or my own imagination had raised. Almost like one in a dream I went to do Claud's bidding. I was tlhankful, upon reach ing Mrs. Despard's, to find tlhat she had gone to her room, and left word that she could see no one to-day. This gave me time to consider thle position. Acting on a sudden imnpulse, I rwent'to the telegraphT office, anid sent instructions to iny' wife to forward me, by passenlger train, a small box in wilicl I kept old letters and papers. S.Thoen I went back to Claud, and after some persuaslon induced himn to leave to0ni at once. I told himn I would arrange everything on the monrow. He was better away. In the morning my box arrived. In it I found wrhat I wanted. After the calmhn effects of at night's rest I felt aslhamed of my weakness as I drew from old letters a photograplh of my brother Stephen--one taken about two years before the report of his death reacheid us. Nevei'theless 1 put the portrait in my pocket, and about nion went to.Mrs. Despard's. - I was at once admitted, and in a few minutes ashe caie tome. She looked worn and haug g?ard, as if sleep had not visited her for nighlts: Darik circles had formed round her fine eyes; .' lines seemed to have deepened roind helr firn, S-. ."passiinate:mouth. :, Sloe advancdad eager-lyr to * -ivr.' d 'warme and held out her hand.i' -Itook it i ::silelce. sIndecd, I searcely kew lwhat to say :..or liowto act. - Wl: m "vherois .m l?nd?" she asked, ii? a qcuick S- oice,- butscearcely aboveoa whlislei - -:e'."H hl-s left town for a feaw.days. .'She pressed her hand to her iet "fDoeas Stb:lit mean Ishall see himm'no more" - ;-":;"I am afraid I must say it does. He thinks ,:::. it-better yousholuld part." : :: She gave a sharp cry, and walked Up and " down ti e raoom wrsinging her hands. Her'lips . moved'riipidly and I knew slhe was minutteriig :.many wsords, but in so low a key that I could sfot catch their nieaniig. Suddeily ohestoseopd d, :"aiid tuiiled upon me fiercely .. ":. t:.h".Is tlis by your cniuisel and advice ?"she : demnanded.: -;'--' . - "i No; It 'is. his owin rnibiassed deeision:. "W; " lhy-? tell me. why' He loed me I ::: love him.. Why does lihe leave me ?"' .The paossonaite enireay of her soice is i?di s-?ribable.- What could I:.sy to hier'- "Woids stuck in my thrati: It oomed the height of *· - abosurdity for a sane masi to givoeasane Wioioen thie trie oiasoii for Glands bsrokei -fiasith.i I -:starinbroed uit somecthing about his bad astate .of health ~, If lie so ill, I will nrse him" goheorsed. I Will snait for :yea:rs- sf; -h-s-y e hops: \- .- r - lorton I Tlove Gland as Inseves befose booed ani o.an -s'!g -ihtom f-iyfce; -iamcchacalwylIdaew the ,, - .·- - . : ,,; ' ": . _; ..,- ._,? portrait of my dead brother from my breast. She saw the action. " His likeness !" she cried, joyfully. "LHe sends it to me ! Ah, lie loves me " I handed her the photograph. "hMrs. Des pard," I asked, "do you know-" I did not finish the question, yet it was fuhlly answered. Never, I believe, save then, did a mnman face undergo such a sudden, frightful change. The woman's very lips grew aslhen, her eyes glared into mine, and 1 saw tlhem full of dread. She staggered-all but fell. "W\hy is it here-who is it ?" she gasped out. I was :a prey to the wildest excitement. To vwhat revelation was this tending? whalt awful thing had 1 to learn? "Listen," I said, sternly. "Woman, it is for you to answer that question. It is the face of this man, his dying face, that comes between you and your lover. "Tell nme his name." I read rather than heard the words her dry lips formed. "The name he was once known by was Stanley." A quick, sharp shudder ran through her. For a momennt I thought she was going to faint. "He is dead," she said. "Vhy does lihe come between my love and me ? Others have loved or said they loved me since then. They saw no dead faces. Had I loved them I mniglt have married anid been happy. Claud I love. W\hy does the dead man trouble him?" "That man," I replied, "was my brother Claud's brother." She thlrew out her arms snith a gesture of utter despair. "Your brother-Claud's bro thlr !"' slhe repeated. Then she fixed her eyes oil mine as if she would read the secrets of my soul. "You are lying,'" she said. "I am not. He was our eldest brother. He left Eigland years ago.e He passed under a false name. He died. When and how did'ho die ?" She sankl, a dead weight, into a chair; but still she looked at me like one under a spell. I seized her wrist. "Tell me, woman,"I cried-" tell me what this man was to you: why his dyin face comes to us? the truth-speak the truth. She seemed to dower benehuath my wooids, but her eyes were still oni my face ' Speak !" I cried, fiercely, and tigltening my grasp upon her si-ist. At last she founds words. "He was my husband; I killed him,'! she said, in a strange voice, low yet perfectly dis uinct: I recoiled in horror. This woman, the widow and self- confessed murderess of one brother, withlin ai ace Of being the wife of the other ! "You amard'ered huI ?" I said, turiigto tlhe woman. - "I nmurdered him. He made my life holl upon earth. He beat me, cursed me, ruined me. He was the foulest-hearted fiend that ever lived. I killed him." No remnorse, no regret, in hler words. Quite overcome, I leaned against the chlimney-piece. Bad as 1I knew Stephen Meorton to have been, I could at that momnent only thillic of hiin as a gay, lighthearted schoolboy, mny elder brother, nd in those days a .perfect hero in my eyes. No wonder my heart was full of vengeance. Yet even iii the first flush of my rage I knew that I could do nothing. No lhuman justice could be meted out to this woman. There wa:s nothing to prove the truth of her self-accusa tion. She waould escape scot- flee. "Would that 1 could avenge his death !" I said, sullenly. She sprang to her feet. Her dark eyes blazed. "Avenged !" she cried. "Is it not doubly, trebly avenged? HBas hIe inot taken all 1 care for in life from me ? Has he not taken miy love from my side? Coward in life, coward in death. W\hen I killed him I knew lIe wmould try to conme back to me. He hastried foryears. Ak, I was too strong for him. 1 could banishl the face with whichli he strove to haunt ime: I could forget. I could love. I could have been hapspy. Yet lie hla.s coinquered athlast, Not me--he could not conquer ime-but thie one I love. Olh, the coward is avenged !" In spite of my feeling of abhorrence, I gazed on the speaker in amunazement. Her words were not those of one who had coumaitted a black crime, but of one who had suffered wrong. The strange, fanciful idea that the dead manu had been.trying to haunt her, but had been kept at bay by her strong wiill, was in my ex perience unprecedented. As I saw the agony of mind under which she was lbboring, the thought came to me that her words were truie, that my brother'sodeath was this day avenged. I resolved to leave her. 1 could gami no good by prolonging the painful scene. - Si? was still paslig Lthe rooxl in fierce pas' sion. S Suddenly she stopped short, and inh thilling acceints began to speak. It seemed as if he shine had forgotten my presence. "Sde,"'she cried, "the river banlk-the dark ruishing streamn. Ah, rwe are all alone, side by side, far away from every one. Fool! if youi could read my heaart, would you walk so inear to the giddy brink ? Do you tlhink the mecmory of thesold love will stay my hand when.tthe chance comes? Old love is dead: you beatit, cursed it to death. How fast does the stre'an run ? Can a strong man swimin against it ? Oh, if I could be sure-sure that one push would end it all and give me freedom I Once I longed for love--your love. Now I long for death-your death. Oh, brave swift tide, are you strong enough to free me for ever? Hark I can hear tle roar of the rapids in the distanace. There is a deep fall from the river cliff; there are rocks. Fool ! You stand at the very edge, and look douln. The moment is come. Ah !" With her last exclamiation slhe used a violent gesture, as if pushing something fiercely fromn her. She was, I knew, in her excitemeiit, re acting the tragedy. "Free ! free ! free !" she cried, with a delirious, almost rapturous laugh, and clasping her hands. "H'old him, brave stream! Sweep him away. See! he silims; but lie dare not swiim withl you. You are hlurrying down to the rapids. He muist face you, and wrestle withl you for his life. Bear hlim doni; keep him from im. If Ihe masters you, lie uill land and kill me. Hold him fast, brave stream! Ha! his strength fails. He is swelpt away; lie is under. No, I see himn again. He turns his face to ime: He Inows I did it. With his last breatlh le is cursing me. His last breath ! lie is gone, gone for ever! I am free." The changes in her voice, ranging from dread to tearful joy, her passionto words, Ier clo quent gestures, all these combined to bring the very scene before my eyes. Istood spell-bound, and, even as she described it, seemed to see the unfortainate man battling for dear life in the rushing stream, growing every moment ueaker aad weaker. As the'woman's last wild xcclamation-" Gone for ever ! I am free !" rang tlnoughl the room, I seemed to hear the cry of despair drowned as the waves closed over the wretched man's Ihead. . I knew every detail of my brother's fate. I turned to leave the room. I longed to get way, and if possible to banish thie events of thie? fronm my mind. It was not givenane to be Stephen Morton's avenger. Miy hand was on the door, when thi woman aprang to my side. She grasped my ain and drew me back into the room. -.' : ' Look !" she whislpered. "Do yon see it ? There! The face-that 'awf-l face! It has ome at last to me. The mana has coinqulered; Thero ! look ! :His eyes glaring, his ; moiith mocking. aiowait has once come, I shall see.it l -s-aluways.sa Look !"s .. !: - ' : Po, I was not doomed agala?to see or to Fancy Isaw thalit face. Its missiba; so.fiar as I .as concernced; was at an end. But the: lolok af coniceiatrated horror which Judith Despard oat at thie wall of the. roomn beggars descrip tion. IThen withs a piteous cry she fell at my leet, and seenmed to strive to ainake aie shield er fromn somiething she dreaded: I raised her. lhe broke from myn grasp, and again fell oh Sae floor, this time in paroxysms of madness. .My tale is ended. - That night she was - noved to a glrivate lunatic asylhun, whre for Iree years she was kept at my exppense. She led reaing mad, and from inquiries I made I inow that from the amomsent iwhen it first ip seared tb her to the hlour of her death the face if the maan she had killed was ever with Judith Despard. 