IFOBTXEQ TOPICS SHE B.A.J.C. MEETING. The Adelaide Cap. By "Vigilant. So much fane been written end hinted ui whispered about tbe doings and prospects of the Adelaide Cup "horses that "the damnable iteration" entailed in another analysis of their chances would tie poetUTeiy punt ui no Dacaere. All that now remaioa is to give a final tip, and I candidly admit that I don't approach the task with mnch confidence. The race is wonderfully open, eo much bo that I would "infinitely prefer taking some of the twenties to one about outsiders to iihe bw/tieei against th. fevevite. 1 Suuitniow cpthe probable | aon'-.oer" there aro only si>: hoiees in the t . .. 41 -.a'r- ' ' . ' - 1 f|,y Wi.0 v-i:! ly, . rtr' "f-ct la JiAC".' - ., : f ' -i. w-vvij, i'rora'.iH'-tiS Tr -....te ' "i.v Berdina (Wyman). It will be noinxai; Oat I have altogether ignored the ohanoe of Iitotem, who on Monday was very : generailyFoteda"inoral" fortheOnp.andmy reason for doing so is, in plain English, be cause I think him no wonder, and I oon- eider that at least three horses who finishod behind bimlln 'Cbe Handicap failed to win because tbeY expected bim to 44 come baok to his fiild, and were waiting on eaob to make a ran. Anyhow, we shall see to-morrow whether he is able to lead his field for .a mile .or not. . He certainly wot? t dot to any farther.' XdSBt year, when Conjectubb was altogether MendleeTTxTiVe betting. I seleoted her to, win the Adelaide Onp. The filly oonld then get no nearer than second- "to Haloa, and, /although sbe is'- sUll. b maiden, she will, if allowed to go to the front to-moriow, stay there to the end of the race. Britisher, who in my opinion is the next best animal in the Cup, h&B; pleased me Im mensely in his gallops, and is, I think, bound to ran into a place, while Lord Wilton will, I fancy, reverse the Goodwood running, aau uca niuiiwu wuuavw tuvy The best antaidcr.in the raoe-lsANOLBSBY, who, In his old form, should very nearly win. My final fanoy, however, is that the judge's verdiot will be in favonr of CONJECTURE ob SBITXBEEB, and the places shonld be filled by CONJECTUBE (UooPb) ' 1 BBITX8HEB (A. Boberteon) .. 2 Lord Wilton (Sanders) .. 3 Beat outsider, Anyletey. MAIDEN PLATE. Gohlkka. NUBSEBr HANDICAP. Hbllaiil or IIonexcomd . PFVi.l '0 iir ADLE". I _ r- .:w -i iNpJC.ir. V.srvuls'-j '.. 3 Third (Steeplechase! iiay. HUBDLE BACE. Old Soul or Tbe Agent. STEEPLECHASE. OLABENCE J OOUEBBOOE . so e 2 JSlaeklhorn . . . .. 8 charitt plate. Anglesey. Liktbbv ((had a bad passage from Ade laide." He was 44 off his feed." He was down Mven times during the trip. He got cast in his box when he got ashore, and a spike had ran right through hie off hind leg. I did deter mine once (I think It was after Zulu won the Cup) to fossiok around until I found a real good oronk cripple in a big handicap, and then plump for him unreservedly ; and the next time I hear of a horse hopelessly on tbe sick' list, an animal who has been fed on bran mashes and turpentine for eight or ten days, I shall ruthlessly wipe out the favourite and go for the 44 dead 'on." Even Donald Hiobolson, usually a shrewd judge, told all his friends and followers that be did not like Lantern's show, and . he thought the favourite muet ; win ; while the Rlemingtou trainers and touts to a man sponged the name of Lantern " off their tablets when they noted his condi tion and' general appearance on landing. 44 He'll take a week at least to get properly on bis land legs again" was the verdiot of the turfite who opined that Plausible might possibly make a second-rate hnrdleraoer If he took kindly, to jumping, and, ju a natural resnk of all these adverse comments of tbe« eoynoecentif Lantern was knocked back at the club rooms on Friday night to thousands to sixty offered. How. of oooree, sinoe be has won the Good wood with hie head in his cheat, he after game comes in. One trainer says, 44 Well, 1 always like a horse to just come off the. boat in time to start In his race. I remember when Aldinga won the Adelaide Cap, some of the knowing crowd thought he couldn't possibly win, as he hadn't been long enough off tbe boat, but I liked him all tine bettor for that, and backed bim; and juBt on the same grounds I put my fiver on Lsntehi cm Saturday." Joking apart, I really think that an enforced rest, snob as a hone is treated toon a short sea trip, frequently proves benefi cial to his chances of victory. I remember writiog.something tantamount to this after Sandal had won the Caulfield Guineas, when It was a well-known fact that the fitly had not been out of her box for a couple of days, and it was really a 44 toss up " whether she remained there or not on the day of the race. Trahan, who rode her, certainly never thought she had a ghost of a show, and al lowed her to sail away as she liked, expect ing her to drop baok to her field before she oo vend half the distanoe. However, she didn't ; neither did Lantern on Saturday, as the ' farther he went the farther he left his field, until Donald Hiobolson looked around to see if the others were within 41 oooey," and then, finding they were' all safe, took such a pull at the winner that the others appeared to come very fast at the finish. Within tbe last few years we have seen Zulu (supposed to have been "dead tome") run away with a Melbourne Cop; Haloa (blistered) walk home in the fastest time onreoord in theHewmarket Handicap ; Sandal ("off her feed and short of a oonple of gallops") romp home in front of her Ceufield Guineas' field ; and now we have Lantern, said to he suffering from almost all the Ills that cqnlne fiesh is heir to, throwing a light on some Of the delusions of orthodox training, ted spread-eagling his field In the Goodwood Ftendiosp. venly, in xaoing as in .politkm nothing happens as often as the unexpected. Modxsty is ecaroely a distinguishing vir tue amongst sporting journalists. We may be virtuous, persevering, and, under excep tionally trying pironmstanoes, even temperate, but modest — never. Wecan'tafiordH. Self- assertion is suoh a big Item in the capital of the sporting writer that, minus that, his oooupation, like Hamlet' e, is hopelessly gone. Under ciro urns tehees small wonder that the average journalistic prophet seizes hold of the slightest shadow of an exouse for reminding his readers that, 44 although be was unsuccessful in actually indicating the winner, still he at one time really did write something to the effect that tbe eeoond horse was favourably handicapped, while bis selection, after -being badly blooked, finished sixth, and he would undoubtedly have gone for the winner had it not beeo, eto. , oto., etc.;" and all thfo leads up to the foot that while, in comiaeb rrlCi the other sporting ritGrs, j I failed te absolutely eelwt 1 -if » vriaoer of the Good'.roci Hcv w j "'rwainf? Iiin'htuoe: — ' : . :! "r >'!: . t (.; te, ; 1L<>> K'S'u v" : il-'htUw.'i. ' . If." r. < fcu ZZ+— \ ta fiftftSlrP he LLC . ... one mile, at Wentworth ; the Flying Handicap, ox furlongs ; the Ladies' Trophy, -one mile and a quarter ; and the Free Handicap, same distance. On his running with Topaz in the City Handicap, he oan ham no show of winning the Goodwood un less marvellously improved ; but, on the score of hisretotionshlp to Merlin and Black Eagle, he must he treated with marked reepeet. I believe I was the only prophet u the aolonjes who placed tbe St. Leger horses, as I plumped for The Broker; 1 ; Silver King, 2; and Sandal; 3 ; while the only five events at the Warrnambool meeting upon whioh I vatiolnatcd were toon in big fields by the five- hems I tipped, a journalistic featwklch must cover. a multitude of future failures. Lord Wilton, whom I coupled with Topaz to win . the Goodwood Handicap, finished second in "that eent. Buhoubs of sensational spins and phe nomenal gallops are generally rife jost prior to a big raze meeting, hot the yarns told of the fijtog capabilities of two or three of the animate engaged in the Adelaide Cup altogether out- Ananias Ananias. Sardius, for example, is currently reported by Borne of tbe 41 whis perers " to have got over a mile and a half on the Flemington sand track in two minutes thirty-nine eeooode ! while Conjecture is said to have put this altogether in the shade by carrying seven stone odd and leaving the Adelaide Cup distance (one mile and a half and a furlong) behind her in two minutes fifty-two seconds. If' the winner of the Adelaide Cup succeeds in doing the distance on the course proper within a second of tbiB time ho will win comfortably, and when it is all . over it will probably be found that .the horse which has apparently performed most sluggishly in private will finish most promi nently in public. I have more than once had oooasion to allude to the masterly horsemanship displayed by yonng Sanders, but, in my opinion, this promising jockey eolipsed bis previous best effort when be won the 8 A. J.O. St. Leger on The Broker on Saturday. As still as a rook and as oool as a ouoomber the lad eat impassively on the ohesnut right op the straight, while Moore on SUver Sing, just a neck behind him, was riding the big colt like a demon. Sanders .possesses .in a marked degree what many jockeys can never acquire — the faoulty of complete self-control — and on Saturday, when Silver King under punishment stuck close to him from the home turn, many an older horseman would have lost his head and drawn out his whip ; but Sanders, evidently recognising that in nine eases out of ten a horse under the whip is already beaten, con tented himself with winning cleverly, and it is just on the cards that if he had attempted to punun jus .mount tne none wouia nave chucked it up at once. Skobtly after Lantern had romped home in front of the remainder of the Goodwood Handicap field, one of the principal baokere of Topaz offered to make a match for fire hundred or a thousand a-side to run the winner over the Goodwood Handicap distance at the same weights as they carried on Saturday. The offer was not accepted. Although Lantern left the paddock at tbe comparatively long odds often to one, he was one of the worst horses for that section of the ring whioh had early books open, as the son of Wild Eagle was at one time at the top of the quotations, and was backed both straight out and in doubles to win as much money as anything in the race. For the majority of the cash fielders Lantern was a "good horse," as Topaz, Lord Wilton, St. Lawrence, Middlemaroh, St. John, and Duenna were each in great request and were supported for more money than Lantern, whose position in the market (tens to one) was due principally to his taring been heavily backea with the credit men. With the exception of Juanna (on whom odds of five to two and three to ' one were laid) the. first favourites were all beaten, and tbe cash layers bad a particularly rosyjtime of it. The weights for the 8.A.J.G, everts to be run to-morrow were declared yesteriay, and are, to say the least, certainly not ttohandi- capper's best productions. . The moMotice- able inaccuracy is the impost allotted St. Lawrenoe in the Flying Handtef), who, honest as he is, is certainly not as good-as Middlemarch ; yet the b&ndicapper; h appor tioned each animal 8st. 1016 If I renember aright, St. John, at a difference or two or three pounds, disposed of St. Lawrence very comfortably te a seven-furlong racp st the recent V.E.C. xneetiug. Now, hovever, in spite of this, the one Saint has to give the other I2lb., and the weights of sertel other hones, as compared with that of St. Law rence, are scarcely as just as they xnght be. It is surprising what an amount of money was forthcoming against Topaz at tbs finish SVurdrrv. IV C ' ' ' ' - " i.:cd 1c ? r.u- \,1 ' -v. si— hoi1? ... visv. -M = 1 . ' A'.' '. ». m. < . "VI; > ruji fo- the iftct ...% cihc; loufrs '\w, ' and probably furnished the ring with more fielding money. Soke months since tbe 44 SiH," or f out ride, " bookmakers formed tbemstivs into a club, which, under the designatgp of 14 Gold's TattersaU'e/'aoon numbered Uveral hundreds of bookers and layem, and be gone ftTinafl go rapidly ; that the members have grown too numerous for the availahb ac commodation. With a view to remdying this, the, olub has been remodelled, pid the fees bo thf or bookmakers andbaokers injsased ; tbe name h&B; been altered to "Hetioorne TflttersalTe," and, with Mr. James Bsrows as chairman, and Mesers. Joe Levy md L. Lerien on the committee, tbe cut bids fair to enter upon a prosperous) (Career. At home the .oesh fielders and baokiis have for many years bad a club of tUir own, the committee of which settiee all tbef betting disputes, and as the Melbourne TutersaU's is torined on much the same lines, 1 see no reason why its existenoe should not se bene ficial alike to tbe ring and its supporan. Mb. Abe Halinsoubg, the ovner of The Broker, St. Lawrence, and Acojte, has intimated liis intention of preseutiog a fiO- guinea cup to be run for at the Boues Tat- tersall's next race meeting. Some voty rough things were sell in the paddock on Saturday concerning theruuniog of certain animals in the Victoria and Good wood Handicaps, and in the event bf either winning easily during the meefing the stewards are likely to take actios in the matter. Oub Sydney correspondent writa'to the effect (bat the popular bookmaker, Mr. 44 Jim " White, hu announced his determi nation to donate a 100-guioea cup to be run for at the Newmarket Jockey Club Meeting. By-the-way, Mr. White is not the first of the family who has come to the' front with trophies, as Miss Myra Kemble, who has always taken a keen interest in sporting matters, recently presented Hanlim with a magnificent bracelet for his wife. Ow tbe Hill at' Flemington 20 to 1 was freely offered against Lantern, and even when the gelding was sailing around into the straight 15 to 1 was laid that be oonld not win. I bus that the Metropolitan winner. Sir Hod ted, is standing in tbe Halttoad Distriot at tbe moderate fee iff fifteen guineas. Spobtqtg men will hear with regret the news of the demise of Dr. Fitzgerald, of oneppaxton, tne cause of deatn being innam- motion of the lungs and chronic bronchitis. The deceased was a genial sport and the leading spirit of the local racing dub, of which no was tbe president for many years. OwniG to a great rush otoaeing and other matter, we are oompelled to hold over several interesting items. Owebbs of horses who intend to pay tbe pretty Utile Shepparton course a visit on Queen's Birthday must beer in tend that nominations for toe handicaps dose with the secretary (Mr. Harold EL Taraley) on Friday next, the 8th inst, at tune o'dodc. The course is now looking at its veij best, being oovered with a thick sward of beauti ful green grass, and the going is in splendid order, eo a good meeting is ante to follow. - r We would remind owners that, nomina tions of the Shepparton Turf Club's Sires Produce Stetew to be run in 1887 dose with the secretary (Mr. Harold H. Turnley) On Friday next, toe 8th inBt., at nine o'clook. Owners of foals by Hermit, Barman, Glowlight, A.T., Attler, Link Boy, Spark, Galatea, O'Reilly, Rifleman, Wfl- liam Tell, and 'Sir Kirk who wiahto Tun them for tids valuable stake must desoribe them, with l soy. entrance money, on or before that date. ' Mn. Wall, the secretary, informs me that the Wjndham Racing Club intend to bold a meeting on Saturday, 13th June. An at tractive programme will probably be put forth. Ous Warrnambool correspondent writes The conduct of Mr. E. G. Bex, the owner of Defamation, in cot starting the homo for the Selling Flat Race at the meeting of the Warrnambool Raring Club oh Tuesday, has been the tbeme of general conversation m porting amies, ana the public have ex- preeaod ' themselves very freely about the matter. ' The horse bad been heavily backed by the public in a double with Conoord, who won toe Selling Hurdle Raoe. Defamation was lboked upon as a certainty for toe Sol- ' ling Flat ' Raoe, and nothing looked sorer ik»Q tl»ak U»A would CW Th ' : HT'PCia.r.'f; bvVc ir/: h" en- >1 '',1. !. ' ' ' .C . M „ j0 bad offered him £100 to let "it start, I and also the 'whole of his winnings in the ! event of the horse coming first, whkh would I amount to £175 ; this would malm a total of £276.- The authority for this statement is the gentleman in question. Jockey Ramage bad weighed out, and went to ride the horse, bnt only got mounted in time to see the finish of the raoe for whioh he was to start. The statexbent of Hp. Rex is that he got nothing to soratch the horse, and. that there was a person from Hamilton prepared to ran Defamation up £30 or £40 beyond his value when offend after the raoe, and thus pre vent the owner baying the horse in exoept at a loss. .The time occnpied in hearing the protest concerning Conoord's jockey in the previous raoe oansed him, he says, to be late in eoratobing -Defamation, and, had he scratched Defamation before Conoord had been submitted to auction, Oonoord would have been run up instead. The stewards of toe Warrnambool Racing Olub investigated the case on Thursday. After hearing the evi dence of tobss concerned in the affair, they determined to fine Mr. E. G. Rex the sum of | £20 for not withdrawing bit horse, Defama tion, from the Selling Flat Race, on Tuesday, 1 28th April, within the prescribed time, andalso decided that Mr. Rex and his horse Defama tion should be perpetually disqualified from running at races held under the management of the Warrnambool Raring Club. Mr. Rex has the privilege of appealing against the decision to the oommittee of the V.R.O., and the oommittee have the power of extending the disqualification imposed on Mr. Rex and bis hone to all races held under their rules. It was suggested that the stewards should deolare all bets off connected with this affair, hut euoh au action would be beyond their province. Backers, however, con appeal to the oommittee of the Vtotoria Bettog Olub for redress, and it u probable that this wQl be done. The soene which took plaoe at the Warr nambool meeting last Tuesday in respect to the starting, or rather non-starting, of Defamation for the Selling Flat Raoe did not esoape the attention of toe stewards. It will be remembered that the horse bad been generally chosen in doubles with Oonoord, the winner of the Selling Hurdle Race. Rex, the owner, who Would not start the horse,' was fined £20 for not withdrawing him within the usual time, and he, and any of hb horses, were disqualified from ever running at any Warrnambool Raring Club meetings. Ibis is as it ought to be, and the thanks of every sportsman who has the interest of the turf at heart are due to the prompt action of the oommittee. Two more Tasm aniens arrived at the end of toe week, ana tney are well enongn bred to appropriate some of oar good things. The first Is a two-year-old filly, Bonnie Doon, by Manuka out of Medea, the dam of Blink Bonny ; she is at Foolsham's stable. The other is Monatter, by 8t. Albans oat of Impudenoe, and she is located in Mr. F. F. Dafdn'e stables. The raring spirit which used to be so strong at Wangaratta when the late Mr. Kelt waa .alive appeared to be dying ont latterly, and it required no little exertion to bring off the recent meeting. She local people, however, worked with a will, and some first-class sport was the result. Better till,' there was a profit of £40, and at a meeting held at Moloney's Horse and Jockey Hotel last week, it was decided - to hold a meeting on the Queen's Birthday. A £100 programme will be pot forward without drawing on the credit funds. This is as it should be, as many pleasant gatherings were held 'at Wangaratta in the old daya. Mais oy Avbnel was disposed of yesterday at the Oairn Ourrau eele to Mr. James Wilson, St. Albans, for 165 guineas, and Mr. Yuille. etato&that;,tm the eame day. when Oalemia bras told for 600 guineas, no less a sum than 660 gnineu was offered for the Maid of Ave&eL; Ms. J. Cbipps, of Newmarket, attended the sale of the Cairn Curran stud yesterday, and Lothair fell to his nod at 560 guineaB, after spirited competition. Lothair is a full brother to Le Grand. Royal Consort, a beautiful chesnut, was also knocked down to him at 125 guineas. The sale of Mr. Matthew Bryant's Cairn Curran stud of thoroughbreds yesterday was very successful, the sum total of the pur chases amounting to 3412 guineas. It is Mr. Bryant's intention to proceed to Europe shortly. The reason why the mare Fatrie was with drawn from the sale of too Cairn Ourrau ; atud yesterday was that she had "griped," Imu tMMiutn vstMitugeuy uoe utwuuiHpuwu of by Hems. V. 0. Toille mid Co. to Mr. J. Crippa. The latter trainer has been very aoooenfnl with D oration, who also came ont ol Mr. Dakin'a ASblST and it will bo in- tmeating to see whether ha will have the cams good lock with this son of Hoghendea. We mentioned last week that it waa pr6-, babla that the Hop. W. Hobinson 'wonld send a string oi bores, to oompete at the next Spring Meeting oi|the Viotoria Bacing Clubj He hBS engaged in tbe Derby a colt by St; Oaorge ont oi Miu Flat, Weloome Jaok's dam, and a filly by Oadogan ont of Malioe; Lur line's eister. Mr. Bntlsr is represented by a oolt by tbe 'asm. aire out of Waterwitob and Mr. J. Maraball by Thunderbolt, a Musket -oolt out of Locket. Ho has not been beaten, and many good judges pnmOnnee bim to be another Martini-Henry. Whilst referring to New Zealand, it may bo of interest to state that B. Bay, the trainer, arrived from that colony last week. Last season there was considerable grumb ling by horse owners at the way the forfeit money was divided by tbe V.R.C. authori ties. The amounts were not objected to, bnt nominators would sooner have to pay even earns than forfeits euoh aa £3 15b. and £1 lie. In framing the programme for the oneoing season, the matter has not been lost eight of, and forfeita will be, made payable in even money. Sons months ago attention waa directed in these columns to a proposal made in tbe old country to take steps to have a oertsin number of long distanoe raoes ran at all meetings, and at the time we expressed a fear that there were too many abort events ran ot'Viotorian gatherings. Sport ing men would think that in tbe interests of racing the leading Yiotorian olub would, at any rate, keep on the right eide ; conse quently it will be learned with regret that it ia proposed to shorten the distance of the Bagot Plate to a mile and a quarter, and tbe Royal Park Stakes and Eeaendon Stakes to mile. Snoh a course would, no donbt, be more profitable, and larger fields would be attraoted ; bnt a wealthy institution like the V.R.C. oan afford to be above these con siderations, and ehonld, therefore, hold ont every possible indncement for the breeding of horses with staying powers. Visitors, especially ladies, who have Buffered from the intolerable ornabing at the railway gates at Flemington during Oup meetings will be glad to hear that the long- talked-of improvements have at length been taken in hand. In order to provide aooom- modation for a number of additional linea of rails, a nisoe of oronnd nearlv fiftaon hnndrnd feet in length baa been added to the race course station. Instead of first and second class passengers being discharged at one platform, aa ia now tbe oustom, the present platform will be reserved eolely for the use of first class travellers. A new platform will be constructed on the other side, where aeoond olaas passengers will be discharged. Another set of gates will be provided, tbe necessary room being obtained by the re moval of the stables, workshops, and cart sheds to the flat below the members' drive. A railway will be mads for the me of the patrons of the flat who travel bv train. Tbe railway officials, by dividing the streams of passengers instead of wiving them up, aa at present, expect to be able to work the traffic with more comfort than hitherto, and, aa Mr. Speight, who has had gnat ex perience in the moving of large crowds of people in England, personally inspected and approved of the arrangements, visitors to the oonreexan reasonably look for a oon- slderable'improvement. The new platforms, eto., will not be available for a few weeks. Ownra to tbe 26th of September bring one of the dates selected by the Australian Jockey Club for their 8prin| Meeting, the Eletern- wick Park raoea, which were also advertised for the eame day, have been altered to I4th October, whioh is between the Caulfield Quineas and Cup Meeting. The following are the latest market --quo tations for the Adelaide Cup : — 4 to 1 agst Britisher (tk and wd). 6 to 1 agst Conjecture (tk). 100 to IS agtt fiutUua (off). 100 to 12 Lantern (off), 100 to 10 Prometheus (off). 100 to 6 Lord Wilton (off). 100 to 7 (off). 100 to 6 PlaoBfrai (off). 100 to 5 Oomerine (off). 100 to 5 Coriolanu (off). 100 to S Anglesey (off). Tbe horses who have been booked to wis most money in the Adelaide Cap are Sardius and Britisher, either of whom in tha event of his winning' would cost the ring about £20,000 on settling-day. Conjecture mngfc have been supported for very nearly as mnrii money, while Prometheus, Lantern. Casio tine, end Modmn tll m«i< !.». Im. < J Kmv1:. cr.- Birtbaay Gup, to oe run at tne Aelt>ourne Hunt Olub meeting at Flemington on the Queen's Birthday. Forty -eight horses were nominated; nod, aa will be seen from toe list, which is published elsewhdre, iae quality is first-class. Samuel Floyd, the jockey, who rode Our Boy in the last Eleternwick Park Steeple chose, and w&e;, with toe horse, disqualified for twelve mouths, made application to the oommittee of tbe Victorian Trotting Oldb yesterday for the removal of the disqualifica tion. The stewards, after mature considera tion, decided not to accede to the request Tsbbe wos a crowded attendance of gentle men at the vestibule of the Opera House yes terday afternoon to witness the presentations to Mj.-H. Giles and tbe others who acted so bravely in connection with the Cootamondfa railway accident. Mr. T. Haydon presided, and, in making the presentation, said )the action of Sir. Giles would not soon be. for- gotten, ne was weu seoonaea in nis enoixs y Mr. Welleeley Wellman, and it was owing to their strength that a number of people owed their lives. Their friends, JoeXeryf Jack Pattison, and Mr. Watson, aotod like kind nurses to the injured. Messrs. O. Barnet and T. P. O'Brien rendered what attention they could. Mr. and Mrs. Lumlsy, of Cootamundra, were also very attentive, and, though far away, were not forgotten. Another lady, Mrs. Snider, attended to the injured persons as if they were her own children. A number of gentlemen were determined that the brave acta should not be allowed to pass without some memento. It was originally intended to confine the pre sentation to Mr. Giles, but that gentleman, in keeping with his usual good-nature and eelf-deoial, said some recognition should be made of the aer rices rendered by others. He then, amidst cheers, presented Mr. Giles with a tea service and a parse containing 350 sovereigns, adding that eome. of the. sub scribers were entirely unconnected with sport ing circles. The recipient modestly replied Mill CC v I. a. r. Tv'.voci v. £f-.Kr<. .v. iv. s.- . " service ; J . iattiaon, gold, diamond locket ; Welleeley Wellman, diamond ring ; and Am Watson, of Cootamundra, gold diamond locket. A oordial vote of thanks waa passed to Mr. Haydon for the trouble he took in the matter. Mr. John Thompson, before the oom- pany eep&rated;, suggested that a subscrip tion should be opened to recompense Mr. Watson, who lost what he possessed in the accident. The suggestion was at onoe adopted, and a substantial sum quickly raised, Mr. Morris Jaoobs leading off with a good amount. Racekg men ate reminded that toe general entries for toe Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, fixed for Monday, 25th May, are due before 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 11th inst. Howetcsms and St Lawrenoe have been scratched for their Sydney Turf Olnb engage ments. Tub S.A.J.C. Cup Meeting will be held to-morrow, and Mr. S. Barnard, with his Adelaide experience supplemented by the advice of the executive officers of the V.R.C., has provided everything for the thorough enjoyment of visitors. As it is more especially a ladies' day, Zeplin's military baud has been engaged to furnish music for toe ever popular promenade on toe lawn. The Victorian Club have had under their conriderationtoe question regarding bets made in connection with the recent Steeplechase at Caulfield won by Granville. They have decided that all bets, except those scratched by mutual consent, shall stand. On Tuesday, 2nd June, the annuel sale of Mr. Aa Smith's Lindenow hones will be held by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Go., Kirk's Bazaar. There sue about 70 head in all, the thoroughbreds and half-breds being by Smuggler, Don Giovanni, Stienoe (by fireworks), Life-buoy, Pirate( by Smuggler), and All Fonrs. Messes. W. C. Yuille and Co. will have a busy time of it to-day. In addition to sel ling Mr. Whittangham'e stud (to which we referred fully last week), they will submit on account of Mr. W. Blackler. of South Aus- tralia, eight yearlings by Richmond, .or Countryman, and Conrad. The youngsters are ell from well-bred mares, and ehonld excite good competition. There are also eight St. Albans mares, four, 'five, and lux year olds, which are maidens, and untried. ! ETor breeding they cannot be excelled, as (hey all descend from Whizgig, the ancestress of Tasman, Coronet, Ringwood, Meteor, and Blink Bonny, "They ell, with the exoeption of one, have Peter Wilkins blood on the dam's eide, and Malua, Stockwell, Tasman, and Blink Bonny are by St. Albans, f£om Peter Wilkins meres. Several well-known race-horses will also he sold. Monday, the llfbE Jane, will be a busy day with hone owners. Besides the events to which we have already directed attention, there are the Gedong Racing Club's Sires' Produce Stakes arid Foal "Stakes to ^"at tended to. Nominations are to be made at tbe offices of tbe AJ.O., Sydney, V.1&.C., Melbourne, or G.R.O., Geelong, before 4 p.m. on the 1st prox. To-day Meases. Campbell, Pratt and Go. will cell a number of Mr. Glasscock's hoone. They inolnde Don Alonxo, Dollar, Kingston, Bbtie, Gold Top, Hard Times, Sir Wufced, and Blnokthocn. All an tn graad boBI- tion, and their doinge ate ho fresh In'adhd as tn rsnilrff nf nrmnn thnrrtn liiiniiinreaij " "LANTERN," WINNER OF THE GOODWOOD HANDICAP. nm geoond meeting of the Boeehill Bsoing 1„b -grdnoy, will bo hold on Saturday, the XjJtjnit. A nice programme faao again been fred, and eome good eport may bo looked \- _ njie ant event on uie urn w « wv Plate, of 100 wtb. ; then follow l?r<Xe)egr»ph Stakes, to which 100 bots. are "Sided tb® limited Handicap, of 80 sors. 2L hl first, "and 20 bovb. for the eecond !JSrreabut Hate, of 100 bots. ; and the Pone, to which is added 150 bbtb. nomination close at 4 p.m. to-morrow, the offices of the dab, 65 Castlereagh- -street, Sydney. lEirrsisfl dose to-morrow for the HosehUl faces, Sydney Turf Olub races, and Qaeens- fend Turf Olub races. Entbibs close on Monday next for the AHoonee Valley and Melbourne Hunt Olub 'Races. EffTBiBfl close this afternoon for the <vtfiouB Produce Stakes of the Uurrumbidgee 'Turf Olub. Tub annuel draft of thorou$bred horses from the Hon. W. Pearson's, Kilmany Park, will bo disposed of fay Measrs. Campbell, I Pratt and Oo. on Friday next. The lot con sist of 24 colts and filliee, by Vagabond, Iiamplighter,'Profes66E, etc., from thorough bred mares Owing to the Elstemwiok Park races the sale will be commenced punctually at half-past eleven o'clook. oswwc fl«jnAvFnrf Clah intend to hold a meeting on the Queen's Birthday. An ex cellent programme is put forward. It com prises a Hurdle Raoe, with 100 so vs. added ; Royal Park Stakes, with 250 sovs. added ; May Stakes, of 150 sovs. ; the Queen's Birth day Oup. with 500 sovs. added ; Selling Hate, of 150 sovs. ; and Corinthian Plate, of 100 sovs. The general entrieB are to be made at the offices of the A. J.O. or V.R.O. before 4 p.m. to-morrow. Ihibbdjho nominators for the different events to be -ran st the Melbourne Hunt Club raoes on the Queen's Birthday are again reminded that entries elose at the V.R.C. office at four o'olook on Monday next. Thb particulars of the fifth Australian Trotting 8ireProduce Stakes, to be trotted for at the Spring Meeting of the Victorian Trotting Olub of 1839, wall be found in our advertising columns. Sims are to be named at or before four o'clock on 1st June next to the secretary of the club. Feed Axc&sb; was soon in harnesa after his return from his American tour. On the first day of the Liverpool Spring Meeting be scored a couple of wins, odds having to be laid on eaoh of the mounts. Tub Oity and Suburban Handicap, which uwos run at Epsom last Wednesday, fell ' to Bird of Freedom, MocMahon being second, and Woodlark third. The winner, a three- year-old, carried 6b. 41b., and our latest files state that he was the favourite, at 9 to 1. i Bird of Freedom and MacMahon, it will be > recollected, ran second and third respectively to Bendigo in the Lincolnshire Handicap, iThe Winter Meeting of the Bendigo .'Jockey Olub will be held on the 24th ijune. ' The following are the items on the programme Selling Fiat Race, of 40 sovs. ; Hurdle Race, of 80 eovs. ; Steeple- -chase, of 100 bovb. ; Telegraph Stakes, of ,60 eovs. ; Selling Hnrdle Raoe, of 40 a ova. ; f fle- lodged with the eecretary oTtmi Melbourne, before 4 p.m., or with the eecre- taryof the B.J.C. before 8 p.m., on Tues- day, ;9fch June. General entries are to be lodged with the secretary of the B.J.C. only hefore-8 p.m. on Monday, 22nd June. An amatenrvneoting is to he held under the auspices of the Sydney Turf Club on Satur day, the :30th iuet. The programme is an attractive one, consisting of a Flying Handi cap, of ;100 eovs. ; Corinthian Stakes,' a trophy sine 40 eovs. to the winner, and a trophy value 10 eovs. for the second horse ; Amateur 'Cap, a trophy value 100 soys. ; -Two-year-old Selling Plate, of 150 eovs. ; and the (Ladies' Bracelet, a bracelet value 50 sovs. for the winner, one valne 20 soys- for the aeoend horse, and one value 10 aova. for the third horse. Nominations close at 4 p.m. on tne 21at in6t. The consideration of the race programme for the 4DBning season occupied the atten tion of the V.R.C. committee for & long time yesterday, and they adjourned at a late hour till Monday next, without having settled anything definitely. Tee V.R.O. committee have endorsed the derision of the stewards at Mansfield races. who suspended the jockey Alexander Leith for three years for suspicious riding, besides disqualifying the horse Jurassic for twelve months, and its owner, G. M'Cray, for the moo period, on account of misoonduct. S. Floyd's suspension in. connection with his riding x)f Our Boy wm also endorsed. , 