"ACTS OF RITUAL." TO THE EDITOR OK THE TASMANIAN SIR,—I assume that your correspondent "Laicus" is a churchman, otherwise his strictures upon a paper recently delivered by the Rev. John Gray on "Acts of Ritual," arc decidedly out or place, but if my as sumption is correct, I can only expres surprise that au uuinstructed church such as “ Laicus ” has proved himself tu be, should venture publicly to ventilate such crude opinions upon a subject with which he is evidently not acquainted, and the elementary rudiments of which he has even yet to learn. With your permission I will briefly reply to the objections raised by "Laicus" to the four specific "Acts of Ritual,” which appear to be especially obnoxious to him, treating them in the order in which they appear in his letter, and at the same time I will cite the uthority for their use, and as far as I an, explain their meaning. 1. “ Bowmgto he Holy Altar" : “ Laicus” objects to this ot because be says, “ it is superstitious, eads to fetishism, and is opposed to the "’hole spirit of the New Testament, which nows no ' altar’ iu the Christian Church.” eplying to tbo latter statement first, I refer “ Laicus” to St. Paul’s Epistle to the Hebrews, xiii., 10, in which tbo Apostle plainly declares :—“ We (that is Christians) bare an altar whereof they have no right to cat which serve the tabernacle,” r.c., those who still trust to Jewish ordinances. The Judicial Committee of Her Majesty’s Privy Council, in its ecclesiastical jurisdiction, some lime ago delivered an elaborate judgment in the case of Sheppard v. ILnnett, in which they clearly laid down the law governing the Church of Engl.ind upon this point, as follows, ir."That the communion table is an altar of sacrifice at which tho priest upp ers in a sacerdotal position at the celebration of the holy communion, and that nt mach celebration there is n great sacrifice or offering of Our Lord by the ministering priest, in which the mediation of Our Lota ascends from the altar to plead for tlie sins of men." 1 may ntate that' High Churchmen generally do not attribute any spiritual authority whatever to tlie decisions of Her Majesty’s Privy Council in matters ecclesiastical, but as that section of the English Church, ot which “ Laicus” is evidently a shining light, are always ready to swear by these decisions as in Ail- “iblo, I have cited the foregoing for his special bauefit, iu the siuccrc hope that lie will, “ lead, mark, learn, and inwardly digest” the same, and that he will also admit that I have produced both legal and ■jcriptual authority for an ‘‘altar” m the Church of England. The error into which “Laicus has fallen is, unfortunately a very common one with uninstructed churchmen, who view the Holy Eucharist as boiug commemonitiA’o only, overlookin'' entirely its sacrificial aspect. It is some” times described, and very correctly, as a ” Feast upona sacrifice," its twofold aspect is thus duly recognised, the first requiring fon ts duo celebration a “ Holy Table,” and the later, both a priesthood and au “ altar,” With reference lo Die practice of “ bowing to the altar,” Uie Church of England directs all her children to show tokens of reverence towards tho "altar" on which which the Holy Eucharist is offered. Ry the canons coclosiasticil of 1610 avoare enjoined, “ to do reverence and obeisance on going in nnd out of churches, and towards tho altar, for the advancement of God’n majesty:” At tho installation of the Knights of tho Garter at St. George's Chapel, Windsor, in Die year 1730, the Knights walked in procession up the aisle, and on entering the choir ” they mode their reverences first to the altar, and turning about in a bodv made their obeisauces towards tho sovereign’s 8talL The prebendaries then eutored by P^rB»yaking the like double reverences, iho officere-of-arras and tho knight’s companions did likewise. Tho Prince of Wales outerod Avilii the like reverences The sovereign at his entry into the chapel madejus reverence to the altar only. At the offertory the sovereign, having made Ins revorencos towards Die altar in Mb stalJ, doscendod, and in the middle hf tue choir mado another revorencc, and also at the stops of tho altar, and pra. ceeding up to the rails, there repeated the same. He then made his offering kneeling, and on rising again made his reverence at the rails, at the bottom of the altar steps, and again in the middle of the choir." Thus the Sovereign of the British Empire strictly conformed to the ritual of the Church, which “ Laieus” in his superior wisdom denounces as superstitious. We have, however, a much higher authority than the Sovereign of England for bowing as an act of worship. When Moses bad received his commission from God, to be leader of the people of Israel, and communicated his authority to the people with signs and woudcin, thou it is said, “ the people believed, and they bowed their heads and worshipped.” Exodus, IV. 31. AndMoseB himself, when 05od appeared to him with the second tablet of the law, “ made haste and bowed his bond towards Die earth, and worshipped.” — Exodus, XXXIV. 8, Again, in the New Testament, we are told that “ At the name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in Heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth.”— Phil. 3L, 10. Without multiplying quotations unnecessarily, I think the above are quite sufficient for my purpose. I will, therefore, proceed to consider objection No. 2. The eastward position,- which, “ Laicus” states also, savours of superstition. I may state that “ eastward ” worship is one of the most ancient customs of the Primitive Christian Church, hence in accordance with the beautiful and expressive symbolism of scripture the early Christian converts, when renouncing Satan in tho holy rite of baptism, turned to the west, and uttered the solemn words of renunciation towai ds “ the region of darkness.” Then turning to the oast, “ the region of light,” Avith bands aud eyes lifted up to Heaven, they made their covenant with Christ, and rehearsed publicly the articles of their belief. From many expressions iu the Dible, it is evident that tbc cast has over boon considered eyuiboli- cal ot the habitation of God. Thus tb Sun, rising in the least, is a type of " the Sun of RigliteouBii^s ruin* with healing in B is wings." It was in tbc cast alsc D>at Christ took upon Dim our nature wns. crucified for our sins, and ro6C for our justification. It wat -so »n the cast that the Holy Ghost fir-' descended in visible form upon the Church, and it is because the east is thus con sidered symbolical of the residence of tin Deity, that we turn thither in repeating the creeds, to show by this gesture, that as well disciplined soldiers stand by and defend their colors, so we stand by and hold the unity of faith professed in these creeds; and more especially in these latte days, we turn to the east in token of our earnest expectation of the second coming the Son of Man, whose sign has always been expected to appear in the eastern sky, when the Sun of Righteousness slid dawn once more, never to set again on 11 redeemed nnd purified Chinch. This expec tation of Christ's second coming in the east, has also occasioned a very touching and beautiful manifestation Christian hope, with which we are all familiar. In our churchyards and cemeteries the graves are usually made east and west. The dead are laid in the graves looking towards the east and towards Heaven, looking for the glorious appearing of Christ, who is “ the Resurrection and t Life." The clergyman stands at the head of the grave, and reads the most solemn part, of the Burial Service towards the in the ancient attitude looking and praying for Christ and the resurrection. Even the cold memorial stones hear their solemn witness. They are all placed with their faces and inscription eastward, silently, but em phatically expressing the Christian hope. Thus the living congregation withiu ti church, und the holy dead in the grav around, are mystically united by this beautiful symbol in one eternal prayer, the words of a recent writer on this su ject: — "Pagan worship is in the main, westward- Catholic Christian worsh catitAvard ; Roman and Dissenting worship in every direction" I find, Sir, that I have already trespassed far too much on your valuable space, but if you will kindly permit I will in your next issue conclude this letter by answering the objections raised by “ Laicus ’’ to the “ Sign of the cross" and to "Rising at the entrance of the clergy,”— Tours, etc., May 19. ANGLO-CATHOLIC. [Our correspondent is right when he says that he has tresspassed too far on our space. We must curtail or omit such long letters in future.—Ed. News. 