THE GENERAL ELECTION. The nominations, and the speeches con nected with them, and their reception, are not, we are aware, an infallible indication of the probable result of the polling, and for this we must wait a. day or two, Still we may form some good conjecture. So far as we can judge, the tide sets against the present Government : and there cer tainly appears to be a renewal of popular favour for Sir Henry Parkes. At St. Leonards the show of hands was three to one in Sir Henry's favour, and Mr. Dibbs commanded but a small number. The lessons of the late Bession seem to be lost on the premier. After the outcry about the unfitness of Mr. Wright to be Minister of Works while holding the position he held in connection with the carrying company of Wright Heaton and Co., it was madness to go out of his way to in vite Mr. Badgery to take his place, a gentleman obnoxious to the same objection, without the experience and ability which might be reckoned to Mr. Wright as a set off". Then there is the disaffection of Mr. Earnell, whose conduct is very strange indeed. Mr. Abbott had declared his intention of putting a stop to the in terference of professional land- agents in the affairs of the Land Department, whereupon Mr. Earnell professes to be insulted. : There was certainly no insult, nor the ghost of one. . . But Mr. Earnell let it all oufc at hia son's ©lectioneering meeting.- He was sore and jealous at his being offered the Department of Justice. Ho had been,. he said, the leader of the team, and he ought to have got some thing higher : and he only accepted the offer of i.Mini8ter of Justice, with a seat in: the Council, that he might watch the destruction of 'this rotten Ministry" — in which, rotten as it was, ho accepted a place. Then he got out of it by resenting Mr. Abbot's, remarks, ; which really did not reflect on him at all. Mr. Abbot himself, too, does not com mand much ' confidence,- and - adds; no weight at all to the Ministry of Mr. Dibbs . -- . And what shall we say of the new Colonial : Secretary ? Surely; nothing so' clearly points to .the- weakness of Mr. Dibbs as the necessity of giving the most important of all -the departments to a man so utiealy untried and inexperienced as Sir Patrick Jennings ; knight of St. Gregory. Sir Patrick at his installation as Papal Enight had addressed to him by the prelate, words used by the Psalmist as an address to the Messiah. "Gird thee with: thy sword upon thy thigh O Thou -most ; mighty &c.;" /The words' -in' the Pontifical are in Latin, so perhaps Sir Patrick did not know what they im plied; but if he had known, his modesty would have shrunk from the adulation. But his Messiahship might have passed, since he never would have beeu called upon to test it; here however is an office which every day will call upon him to exercise if he can : and what qualification has been shown for it ?: . We apprehend that his qualification is simply his sect, and the support which his co-religionists may be expected to give therefor. If this be the secret of this arrangement : Mr. Dibbs ought to be taught that play ing this kind of game has gone a little too far. Already one hears of complaints of undue favours on sectarian grounds. Even among gangs of men employed under certain departments under the late administration the enormously preponder ance of Romanists is glaring. The same is palpable in the Public Schools. We do not forget that order to forbid all per- sons employed in the prison departments to attend Orange lodges. Was it wise of Mr. Dibbs to display : the same poor strategy to catch the "Catholic vote" by putting Sir Patrick at the head of the whole business of the colony ? Well he sows the wind, and be will leap the whirl wind. Perhaps he may recognise Borne of these hands which he contemned among those held up for Mb opponents on the different hnstings. Some of the scenes and utterances are very amusing. That between the Jaynil Dan O'Connor and his Hibernian coun trymen was most characteristic. What purported to be a question of the Go vernment of New South Wales was turned by the featherheads into a question about Mr. Redmond, and his lecture on Irish land. It is just the same with Dr. Moran. Whatever subject he is on, holy Ireland must absorb his eloquence. Even the Pope knew this so well that after giving him the red hat, he turned away from the subject to talk to him about Ireland. Here was Dan denouncing the Stuart Government, the Land Act, the Minister of Works, &c.; What was all that to Paddy — whirroo ! Did he mot hide behind the curtain when Redmond was lecturing about the Irish Land League ? So Dan would not be heard. What may be the new combination if, as is likely, the present Government is defeated, is difficult to divine. . There is a goodly number of candidates calling themselves independent, that is, unpledged to either of the ostensible parties. These will probably influence the future divisions of the House. Our brother Orangemen will be strong enough in the new Parliament to oppose and expose the influence of Romish ecclesiastics and the Catholic vote in public departments. Those who have been already in the House have done well, and we expect to see them again with a larger following of their brethren. : We are proud to see the G-rand Master, Mr. McCoy, unmiatakeahly standing with his colours displayed. " Yellow Dick" will not object to the name. — and it will bring him in. It is plain that the candidates do not think it a bad colour to get near. Mr. Alfred Allen, at Paddington, let the audience into a secret that he had been a contri butor to the Protest ant Standard, an as sertion which- obtained for him a goodly number of hands ; and if at the same place Mr. Neild had nearly the whole of the hands, we know pretty well where they came from. The Orange and the Tem perance men will win this election, and they well deserve it. We should not wonder if Sir Henry Parkes would again; have the reins ; and there- is certainly no one more able. Ho and Sir - John could - scarcely work to gether long, as that land question remains on Sir John's brain. Whoever maybe in power, with a good,- practical phalanx, we must be ready to proclaim liberty to the- captive— to open the prison to those that are bound in the cells. - 