. SpecialTelegraius. f /'Vow »nr Sydpc?/ A</ait.J SYDNEF, Mo.vdav. Tur. next task in connexion with the division of runs will bo appraisement of routs and licetiBe feèsfor leasehold : resumed areas; over 3000 Tiol'dings will be dealt with, but the Department is experiencing great difficulty with regard to obtaining reliablo and com prehensive reports upon the character [ ami-value of tho country compriBod in 1 the sauie holdings! * J The Department of Lands has just issued a most useful pamphlet contain ing the complete new Act, with regul ations, an index, and a small map of the colony. Military .authorities iare again be stirring themselves about tho defence of the colony. Large, numbers of the Artillery have been put through var- i ious exercises at the forts at South Head. A man named !Walter O'Kourlce, aged 50, residing ' with his wife and family at the Glebe, shot himself dead with a revolver on Saturday night. At Victoria Grand National Steeple chase Meeting, the Maiden Hurdle Baee won by Hippogriff ; Sea Breeze 2, Duration 3. Maiden Steeplechase won by Reticent ; Lady Hawthorn 2, Hulkyn 3. Grand National Huidles won t>y Agent ; Guardfish 2, Cock boat 3. Grand National Steeplechase, won by Wyinlet ; Sailor 2, Denmark 3. Selling Hurdles, won by Student ; Flainborough '2, Doncaster 3. Plat Itaco won by Ghóst ; Plausible 2, Bohemian 3. Tuesday. Settlement of Yictoiian Coursing campaign finances yesternight, showed that the betting was the heaviest on j record ; £150,000 changed hands. Sir Alex. Stuart telegraphed to the ; Agent-General that clause 31 of' the Federal Council Bill must remain as it now stands ; also the amendment suggested, otherwise he will not accept thouieasuie. The Sanitary Conference yesterday passed resolutions that the method cf crémation should be introduced as permissive in any new Sanitary Act ; also a clause specially applying to the disposal of bodies of those dying from infectious diseases. The second stage of inquiry into the Cahors' wreck was commenced by the Marine Board, yesterday. Fresh wit nesses were examined, several ship masters being of opiniou that the course taken by Captain Walker was a safe one. The inquiry is further ad journed till Wednesday. The American ship John Dacosta, from Melbourne to Calcutta, Slaving ! on board a hundred horses, is ashore j at north of Torres Straits, Queensland ; j the ships was bumping heavily, and j it is feared it will become a total wreck ; nothing as yet saved. Minister for Lauds was well received at Gosford, yesternight, and spoke at some length on the Land Bill. He referred in disparaging terms to the present educational system of the colony, declaring "that in ten years hence the country would have a tre meudous crop of drones. He intends to contest Wollombi at next general oloctlon. 