Football Notes» AUSTKALS V. KINGSTON JUNIORS. The above match was played on the gröund of the former on Saturday, June 13, and after a little rough play on the Juniors part, resulted in a draw in favör of the Australs' score. Australs—1 goaL kicked by E. Turner, and 8 behinds. Juniors—1 goal 5 behinds. The Australs played with seventeen men only. For the Australs Hayter, L Guthrie, Sullivan, Hair, McSean, Fowles, and the goal- kicker played well; whilst for the juniors, Lee, Currie, Moorhouse, and Mead worked hard to try and distinguish themselves. Tiie deplorable result of a foolish wager has just been made public in Birmingham. It appears that a man named Robert Smith made a bet that he could drink twelve sixpennyworths of brandy. The wager was accepted, and bolh men went to a public-house where the man Smith won his bet by drinking thirteen sixpennyworths of brandy. He became very drunk, and was obliged to be carried home, where he died a few minutes afterwards. A curious rumor from Vienna reports that the case of Arabi Pasha is again under the consideration of Her Majesty's Government with a view to engage the late leader of the Egyptian insurrection to aid the efforts of Her Majesty's Government in the VaUey of the Nile. Arabi is stated to have recent ly expressed to some visitors his profound sympathy with Mr. Gladstone in his Egyptian difficulties. T^e warlike enthusiasm has extended to our Chinese fellow-colonists, many of whom are available asi seamen, etc., and would do good service in time of need. At a recent meeting at Hamilton, the first man to volunteer for the defence force was a Chinaman named James Le Hong, an old resident in [the district, who has served on board a man-ofwar, and is acquainted with drill. Le Hong was loudly cheered by the amused and delighted assemblage for his pluck and public spirit, but was sadly disappointed at his services not being accepted, through his not being a naturalised British subject. This is a difficulty that the gallant Chinaman is determined to surmount in his martial ardor, and there is no doubt that many other of his countrymen, who served under the lamented General Gordon, would be forthcoming to take part in the colonial defence movement, were the case properly laid before them. The Wallaroo Times says:—Where the following little incident happened, it would be impudent, if not improper torelate, as it might lead to the identi fication of the worthy old lady more immediately concerned. Enough to say she is a highly respect- Scotch-woman, somewhat tartof tongöe perhaps, and not all pleased with her husband'saffection for whiskey. One night, when he had been carousing at a friend's house rather longer than usnal. she induccd her brother to enact the part of the ghost, hoping t J frighten Duncan out of his jovial habits " And who may you be i" calmly inauired the belated wayfarer, as the apparation rose*from behind a wayside bush. " I'm auld Nick," was the reply. " Come awa,' mon "' rejoined Duncan, " gie's a shake han,' l'm married tae a sister o' yours." The ghost never walked again, " Oh, slaughter me, somebody ?" roared Brown, the tenor, as he rushed franticolly through his lodging-house. " What's up.now—what sort o£ a row do you call this in a respectable 'ouse?" demands the landlord, as Brown ran into hi^n on the landing. « Kill me," shrieked Brown. ' Are you mad ?" asked the landlord, frightened. Then Brown glared on him and said, " Tell me this. Did you ever hear a saw-sharping factory, or a pig getting killed or tram cars thundering under your window when you were mad with headhache, or put your finger in the way of a circular saw, or swallowa cockroach, and sit on glue and have to be cut off, or get a match head under your thumb nail, or see your only child in the clutches of a Nubian lion—did you ever l" No," said the landlord, aghast; "what is it?" And Brown sat down on his bed and placed a wet towel round his head, and groaned. And then it came out that his singing-master had told him his voice was like a rusty horn, and that he really must leave the class or the class would leave him. " Is that all?" said the landlord; " sensible man." WE BBLIEVE that if every one would use American Co's Hop Bitters freely there would be much less sickness and misery in the world, and people are fast finding this out, . whole families keeping well at a trifling cost by its use We advise all to trv it. Sead 