V. A.T.C.—CAULFIELD MEETING. Saturday.. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The weather was not favorable to a pleasant day’s outing, but nevertheless the attendance at Caulfield this afternoon was, the energetic secretary' stated, thirty per cent, larger than on any previous occasion, Caulfield .' Cup , day. excepted.' A few showers fell during, the progress of all events, and the day was somewhat bleak, but, the course was in good order, and the visitors entered into the enjoyment with. considerable ' spirit. Some improvements have been made since last meeting, ‘ and others are in course of completion. The running ground has been partly remade, a stand facing the flat erected and the grand stand is being increased to nearly double its present size. Any steps to suppress cash betting were conspicuously absent, and those present were pleased to find it so, and- were enabled to freely speculate according to their means His Excellency the Governor and Master Loch attended as usual, and remained to witness all the events which; were splendidly contested. The following are the details of the racing:— -V> , The Sapling Stakes. Hon. L.'L. Smith’s br f Louise Berta (Blair) .. 1 Mr J. Cohen's bl or brf Edith (Cope) .. ..2 Mr E. Weeks’b c Caulfield (Williams) .. .. 3 The following also started:—Manxman 11., Geelong, Claudian, Uranus, Blondin, Gari baldi, Don Giovanni, Lord Chancellor, La Crosse, Colleen Dhas, Dulcet, Aspromonte, Myna, The Nun, .Clemency, and Lottie.' Latest betting:—Louise Berta came with a rush in estimation, and .was freely backed from 10 to 1 down to 3 to 1. The others were from 7to 10 to 1. After a false start, in which Manxsman assumed the lead, a good start was effected. Myna and Doii G iovani taking the lead. Claudian, Uranus, and Edith .were running well, on reaching the , straight, when Louise Berta came to the front,' winning by half a head, Blair nearly throwing the race away. Time, 40 sec. Handicap Hurdle Race. Mr C. H. T. Hart’s eh h The Agent, 12st 11b (Fer guson) .. .. .. .. .. x Mr J. Cripps 1 bl h Duration, 9stl2lb (M’Leod) .. 2 Mr T. Colley’s bl g Raven, Cst 101 b (Cree).. .. 3 The following also started:—Huntsman, Star, Guardfish, Hippogriff, Tattler, The Ghost, Oculist, Tantaliser, Ace, and Devizes. Latest betting—s 'to 2t02 to 1 Huntsman, 4 to 1 Agent, 5 to 1 Hippogriff, S to 1 Guard fish, 10 to 1 Duration, Star, The Ghost, and Raven. Avery good start was effected, onardfish and Raven assuming the lead, The Agent being last away. Raven then assumed the lead, and at the side Ace had gone to the front, with Raven, Devizes, and Star next in order, and The Agent still a bad last. Guardfish .again came up, and at the entrance to the straight was running second to The. Ace, Star having assumed third place. Guardfish was the first over the stand hurdle, with Raven and Devizes next, but The GhostJ who was running well, fell heavily, and did not further take part in the race. On rising the hill again Raven took the lead, followed by Guardfish, Devizes, Star, Ace, and- Tattler, and Tantaliser last. Devizes here fell, and was out of the contest. Raven maintained the lead round the back of the course, with Guardfish next, Duration running in third place. Agent fourth. Huntsman, Hippogriff, Occulist, Tattler, and Tantaliser were at the side. Ace fell heavily, Cape being badly hurt. The Agent and Hippogriff then made their effort; the former, from having been nearly last all through, began to make it lively for the field. Agent led into the straight. Hunts man and Hippogriff struggling for next place. The race was now over, 'and Agent cantered home an easy winner, never having been put under the whip. Duration was second. Raven third, and Hippogriff fourth. Won by six lengths, three lengths separating second and third horses. Time, 4 min. 4 sec. Selling Race. Mr H. Haines’ eh g Breeze, Bst Clb (Williamson) .. 1 Mr D. M. Robertson’s b h Cineinnatus, Sst 71b (Burton) .. .. .. .. 2 There were only two starters, Breeze, who started at 7 to 4, winning easily by a clear length. Time, 55 secs. Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase. Mr J. Halits br b Granville, lOst Gib (Huht) .. 1 - Hon. W. Pearson’s b m Lady Ashton fist 121 b (Gardner) .. .. .. .. ..2 Mr S. Martin's b m Lizette, list IHb (Batty) .. 3' The following also started Governor, Wymlet, Minerva, Sailor, Vulcan,; and Studley. Latest betting —s to 2 against' Wymlet, 4to 1 Governor, 6- to 1 Lizette, Miuerva, and Sailor, 10 to 1 Lady Ashton, 12 to 1 Vulcan. Studley and Lady Ashton secured a slight advantage atthestart, Lizette assuming third place. .Governor fell at the second of the three fences, and baulked at the logs elite (‘'which he was taken off. Lady Ash ton continued in the lead, and at the back Vulcan fell, and still Lady Ashton main tained the lead, Studley, Lizette, Sailor, and Granville repeatedly changing in the other positions; a feature of the race being the great-jumping of Lady Ashton. Wymlet, however, struck at nearly every fence, and soon began to tire. Studley was the next to fall; and Minerva also met with an accident, breaking his leg. At the lust fence Gran ville made his effort and assumed the lead, and by the aid of the whip came in a winner by half a length, although Lady Ashton came with a rush. Tune, 5 min. st> sec. : Balaclava Stakes. Mr T. Jones’ br h Bohemian, Ost 111 b (Crackncll) .. 1 Mr A. Sclman’s br m Too Too, 7st (Hughes) .. 2 Mr J. Whittingham’s b h Claptrap, Sst (Trahan) .. 3 The following also started:—Stafford, Irralee, Middlemarch, Grace Darling, Phantom, Jocular, Mistake, Stationer, Ringmaster, Warfield, The Bey, Umberto, Reprise, Rebus," Mentmbre, Honeycomb, Sedition, St. Albert, Ellen, Gipsy’s warning, Plympton, and Baron Neckar. Latest bet ting—3 to 1 agst. Too Too, Gto 1 Gipsy’s Warning, 7 tod Claptrap, 8 to. 1 Bohemian. Too Too led up the straight; and looked like a winner, but, by most judicious riding, Cracknell landed Bohemian a winner, by .a neck, although Too Too again came very, fast and' looked lilcc overhauling the victor. Time, 1 min. 33 sec. ' 