the kock. BY " PEUTETBB.' [Recreation after the heavy work of the race •week—Simon's plaoe in the Ghnroh and in eooleBiastioal (history—Simon as the 1lock, not an ephemeris, • but an official perpetuity, and necessarily infallible for all time and in all places as saith the Scriptures.] "WELL, then, if the Derby Day was wet enough for thee, O graoious and gentle reader, and if the Cup Day was dry enough for thee, and if the Steepleohase Day was dusty enough for thee: and if thou hast won enough on Sheet Anchor, and ^ lost enough on the Oaks, and if thou hast neither won nor lost on " the Flemington" and " V.R.C." events: if thou hast been sufficiently squeezed on the Grand StaDd, and sufficiently scorohed on "the Hill," and sufficiently thirsty on " the Flat," and if thou hast fainted from hunger amid the starvation arrangements of the Refreshment jjoow—ironioally so oalled because the " refreshments" were as oonspiouous by their absence as by their presence— if thy pretty oountry-ooueins from the Bueh have all gone home, and left thee to the solitude of " the Blook :" in a word, if thou hast gorged thyself, 0, gracious and gentle one, with thy annual feed of flirtation, and doiDg dole's Aroade as body-guard to thy two maiden aunts and thy married sisters from New Zealand and Sydney: if thou hast bad enough of the " Royal," and of the Zoological, and of raoing cards, and " the odds," and the evens, and the hurry, and bustle, and heat, and street cries, and the rusbings to and fro of cabs, and the pay in or for the enjoyment of your dear friends while in town, for the pleasurable perturbation? and bodtratiom attendant on the far-famed Victorian Spring Meeting and racing oarnival: if thou art sated with horses, and bets, and jockfys, and tips, and sweeps which have swept away thy waistcoat pocket-full of silver coins—then light thy cigar, and come into the back verandah overlooking thy flower garden, and see how SIMON, TEE ROCS, Btands related to the papal infallibility, and how the papal infallibility stands in Scripture. 1ST. It is evident, even to Right Rev. Dr. Thornton and his Right Rev. brother, Dr. Moorhouse, that the New Testament Scriptures speak in every page of a " Church." Christ spoke of it. Christ alludes to its authority. Christ was its Head. Christ oame into the world to redeem the human race, and form them into One great Spiritual' Society. St. Paul tells us [Acts XX.] that the prioe paid by ObriBt for this hodv was " His own blood;" Nothing was, or oould be, more dear to the heart of Christ than the " Church'' which He redeemed with His own blood. Christ spoke of His Chureh as the most exalted of all institutions; as having been organised for the grandest of all'purposes; and to take part in the most terrible contests, and against foes the most implacable, malevolent, multitudinous, crafty, active, and powerful. Theie enemies were the fallen Lucifer and the rebel angels who joined with him in his unbelief. And these w&e; to find auxiliaries, allies, helpers, and confederates among those for home Christ died. 2ND. This being so, it was neoessary that the Chnrch should dearly understand her own position, her constitution, her mission, her own etreagth, her danger, her actuating principle, what she was fighting for, what was to be her motive, and what her reward. SBD. The Ohuroh was above all things to understand that she was One body, with one belief, one worship, and one form of government. Unity was to be her badge and sign to all men. The human raoe was broken up into nations at the building of the Tower of Babel. Leaving them their nationality, all were to be re-united in a universal Church, or- Christian brotherhood, and in this unity was to he- their safety and most successful means of repelling the adversary. 4RA. The apostles had infallible knowledge of what Christ 'sent them to do. . . • 6TH. This knowledge- the' apostles infallibly oommunicated to all whom they could persuade to accept it;. and this they did by word of moutb, by catechetical instruction. 6TH. , The apostles set down in writing end in bWer all the Christian dootrines, and this Written form is the creed. WHAT ALL CATHOLICS UNDEBSTAND. r There never would have been' any other fcreed but the apostles' creed if all Christian ttnen bad "been content to aocept and believe %hatthe apoBtles'creed stated,andnot attempt Wtfistort-or misoonstrue or refine away the jMporition'fl of the oreed as set forth in the apostlefe* language. "Therenever would have fceinatiycreted Hut theaptatles' creedif Christian men liad not begun 1 16 pry too deeply and ;te?{mriotuly r.a&d; too boldly and too irrever- (etitly into£he simple itatemente Of tbe-apo^ ties' oreed. To believe these with a ainoerfe ^Wt-.wa^jenough.y i But some Gbrjs tjanmen with' thp.apoBtW words 'gndpWith-jbheirrobviouaJimport. > Thev -ex plained away thefiational meaning••• They distorted the grammatical sense. They thus Altered, an<| by altering destroyed the Ohris- tian faith, and taught falsehood instead of truth. What, then, was to be done. If the Christian faith was the toost Valuable of all treasures it must be defended, vindicated, saved from suoh impious destruction. BUT HOW. Our Lord said to His apostles that all Christians were bound by divine authority to " hear the Church.'" Had our Lord's words any meaning. Did Christ speak idle, empty, heedless words without intending that they should have any foroe or law, or be acted on and obeyed. It would be the most daring blasphemy to say so. Our Lord epoke the mind of God, and God does not speak words of vanity. What, then, did Christ mean when He commanded all Christians in all ages and in all lands to " hear the Church." How was the Churoh to be heard, and how was the Chnrch to speak so that she might be heard. What was the Churoh. Christ bought a Church with His own blood. The holy apostles taught the nations to believe «' in the holy Catholic Churoh." What was the Cburch. Was it a nonentity. Wasita shadowy, shapeless, inorganic mob, with no system of management, no code of regulations, no courts or" tribunals, no presiding judge, no controlling or direoting prerogative or right of decision. Christ commanded that certain cases of injustice Bhould be brought before the Church. What was the Church. Was it three washerwomen and a hydrant seated on a wheelbarrow in a back yard. Was that " the Churoh" which was to try and to determine a misunderstanding (for example) between two generals in the army; or the equity of a deed of sale of an estate sold by one rioh senator to another. What was "the Churoh" which was to sit in banco, and give sentenoe, and settle disputes, and reconcile litigants. What was it that all Christian men were to believe in as Christ s holy and His universal Church, which was to include all nations in one collective body. Only think of a body or society which comprehended the whole population of the earth. What a power it must be which could hold it together in one uniform rule of faith, worship, and discipline. How hard a task it is to rule one kingdom, or one regiment of soldiers, or one large school. But Christ's Church, His one holy, universal Church, composed of all nations, how was this mighty convocation to be bound together as one individual. Just as all smaller associations are made one, and act and perform corporate duties, and appoint their officers, with thisdiffer6nce, that the self-governing authority or utonomy of the Catholic Church was a divine ift, and bound ail Christian consciences. he Church of Christ was not set up by any uman sovereign. It was not a manreated Churoh. It was the workmanhip of Gsd—first, to teaoh tho Chrisian faith to all nations ; and, second, to teach hristian morals : and all Christians are bliged to say, " I believe in the holy atholic Church:" In this Churoh of Christ, s already remarked, there would be no ther oreed but that which the apostles of hrist presented to the pagan nations as the hole goBpel and plan of salvation. _ • But s foretold, there rose up men within the huroh who, like Lucifer in heaven, erected heir own judgment as thiB sble standard of ruths arid sought to bend the grammatical ignification of the apostles' words, and dapt them to novel theological notions f their own which falsified the faith s it was taught by Christ to is apostles, and by them to the nationB. But thus to falsify , the Christian creed was regarded by the apostles as high treason against Christ, and a declaration of war gainst His Chutch. Let it be repeated and remembered that there would have been no other creed only the apostles' creed if heretios had let that creed alone, and not attempted'-to force false doctrinal meanings on it. Thus, AriuB Strove to make the apostles' creed say that the Son or Logos was not equal in nature to the Father. Then Photius would have it that the creed taught that the Holy Ghost did not proceed from the Son or Logos, but only from the Father ; and so on of almost every other 1st. What was to be done. 2nd. Who waB to do it. 3rd. How was it to be done. And here the Scriptures supply us with a very precise and explicit answer. St. Paul, in his 1st- Epistle to the Corinthians, Chapter 5, directs the Christians at Corinth to hold a meeting or synod, and with his concnrrence to excommunicate a certain member of the|Church at Corinth whb took up the opinion that a man might marry his father's wife [supposing the father to be dead, of course, or if his father had divorced her]. Here we have the Scriptures plainly referring to an authority; a tribunal, a judge, a trial; witnesses, and a penalty or punishment to be inflicted. The punishment was in this case to be EXCOMMUNICATION, or, as the apostle himself oalls it,-" delivering the offender to Satan.?' For-when.anyone for his sins was oast outof the €imrch, he was returned to the unregenerate world, which was the kingdom: of Satan, as the Churoh was the kingdom of Christ., St. Paul also, in another plaoe, speaks of ^having •delivered* a .blasphemer " to Satan.. . Xhe New Testament Scriptures frequently allude to the discipline of the .Church as an integral part of the Christian dispensation then commenced, and to continue to the end flt tne world. Into whatsoever nation the. appstles went, one of . the, essential dootrines taught 'tb.^um* '^F^'Sg 'holy Catholic .Ctprch," anci . ^ J . f M what oould this' Church be but a fetfet^ uilting J the<ii with aU a" :.,theA>atl6ii8 in Obrfsrtfen confraternity of faith/ djs^ pline. There oould not be a society, or a» army, or a confraternity without DISCIPLINE OK GOVBBOTDSNT. To institute 600 separate societies in 5Q0 different nations would have been the stultification of the gospel.Odr Lord s prayer "for all *ho belied in the Apostles'word" was " that they might be One, BO that the world might know that the origin of their religion was divine. The Catholic Chnrch was a Society, rtnd a society is population organised. Organisation means order, and subordination, and law, and self-action, directed by and from some centre ot unity. In Victoria we' have organised society, a Governor, a Council of State, a Legislative Senate, Supreme and other Courts of Law, Chief Justioe and Puisne judges, police magistrates and constables, aspizes, barristifs, attorneys, mayors, Town CouricilB, Custom House, Revenue and Excise laws and officers, and many other appliances and means by which Victorian society—that is, the organised population— secures its own civil, social, and political welfare and the end for which it exists. We have not 47 Governors-General. We want only one Governor, and we have no more. We have only one-Parliament, for more than one would be a nuisance and a detriment. We have one Chief Justice, for one is adequate, and a second might only obstruct the course of justice. But if _ human society, with its mere human sagacity, thus, as by an instinct, knows how to care for its preservation and protection, what could we look for in a sooiety formed and organised by THE INCABNATB LOGOS, the Wfsdbm of God. This is the light in which we are to consider the mighty spiritual edifice concerning which the apostles of Christ taught everyone to say, "I believe in the holy Catholic Church." But what was this Church only the spiritual temple of the Lord, His House of Prayer for all nations. What sort of house did God build. Did He build it merely that the devil should have the fun of pulling it down two or three weeks, or years, or oenturies after it was put up? What is God's Holy Catholic Church, and why ar9 we to believe in it ? The Catholic Church is a divine agency for applying the blessings of redemption to the souls of men. Was such an agency to be fragile or flimsy, or in any way unfitted for its purpose. On the oontrary, it was required of it to be an indestruotible agency, for it was needed unto the world's end. It was suited to its work, and was to be a rampart, a remora, a breakwater, a rock to resist the wildest waves of the dark and stormy sea of satanic malice and power, of human passion, perfidy, impiety, and atheist subtlety: a sea whose surges were never to oease for a moment to rage and swell and roll and break upon its firm-set foundations. The purpose of the Church was no child's play, but to stand the brunt of an eternal war. SIMON, PBTBOS. The first essential of the Church was government : What government did the Wisdom 1 of God establish in His Churoh. A sacerdotal republic, with Simon, the son of Jonas, surnamed Peter, as sovereign pontiff. THE APPEAL TO HISTOBY. . Right Rev. Dr. Thornton and his brother of Melbourne appeal very boisterously to history. Nothing better could be desired. Let ushave the appeal. I appeal to that faithful and most reliable historian, Eusebius, and I challenge Dr. Thornton, or anyone for him, to shake the testimony of Eusebius. This most honourable and conscientious historian states that, Peter, the apostle of Christ, was the first Bishop of Rome, and then gives the names of Peter's successors in the See of Rome down to the time of the Emperor Oonstantine, - the firat Christian Roman Emperor, and under whose protectorate the first. General Council was oalled at Nicea, A.D. 325\. The Emperor was too well versed in the history of the Christian Churoh to be misled by any historian respecting St. Peter. Dr. Thornton, as a Protestant bishop and a scholar, dare not deny, or even doubt, St. Peter's title as first Bishop of Rome. His lordship might as well donbt, or deny, that there ever was any suoh sovereign on the English throne as Queen Elizabeth. St. Peter was first Bishop of Rome as surely as King Charles I. had bis head cut off by Oliver Cromwell. The whole Christian world in A.D. 67 was aware of it, and no one even doubted it for nearly 1400 years after St. Peter's martyrdom at Rome on 29th June. History having thus settled the point beyond the possibility of reversal, what do the Scriptures say of Simon, the rook. ... 1ST. In all-lists of the apostles'namesinthe New Testament the name of Peter stands first Why is this place given toPeter. For the same reason' that Lord WoMey's name would stand fast ^ aU of the general officers commanding in ,Egypt. -Because Lord Wolseley was general.in-ehief. Peter was chief, arid his name is therefore first. 2ND. •' • Christ on several occasions spoke of Peter, and to hitfi 'as to one hblding a station of pre-eminence. : 3ED. •il 1. -Our.-Lord gave unto Peter a supremacy. of offioial rank over all others when he said to 1 unto hiiri "-T ^l 1 * °f •Jti}igdtm< : of ''The ! "itojris sovereign authority. The Queen gives this ot keya London to the lord " jnayor on state entries. The •gfviiifc^ot -'thy "keys signifies that tfio •lotdftm«5r°r ** obief"over all in the city. Is there,< any^. alderman equal in. municipal ian£ to the lord may or. He is an alderman, WM^fe^^toetWtf^^bf^' Pittas a! bishop, bat he was also something more. Our Lord said to Peter," "Feed my Lambs." But He said more, for He also said, " Feed my Sheep." [The remainder of the US. did not reach us. ED. A."] . 