THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AT TUNG AMAH. On Friday last, the Bishop of Melbourne paid a visit to Tungumah, and in the evening delivered a lecture in the Mechanics'. The Veil Archdeacon Tucker occupied the chair, and in opening the meeting congratulated the residents of the town on the marked improvement that Imd taken place since his last visit. Tlie chairman then introduced his Lordship, who expressed himself pleased to lie in the district once again, and for n sliort time he would direct their attention to the principal question of philosophy, ye t one wliich did not require a philosopher to answer — the minimum bomim of all human beings. What is that wliich is good under all circumstances 1 It lias formed the tliemo of ' tlie greatest writers and orators and it is a question wliich must be settled by all. What is liest to live for 1 This he proposed to answer by practical questions. Suppose a person were going to employ a servant, he would immediately ask—Why did you leave your last situation ? To bettor myself. What do you consider lettering yourself ? (Jetting more money. This no doubt would he a very holiest answer, but is getting more money bettering tbo man’s condition ? It very frequently is tlie reverse. Act righteously and cultivate the innerself, that isbettering yourself. To contrast tlie two, he would take John Elwcs, the celebrated miser and Socrates tlie great Athenian philosopher. John Klwes was a man of great wealth, having had .<1150,000 left him and by scraping anil living like a hermit he succeeded in doubling his fortune. His life was one of misery and lie died like u dog and his soul passed away where they don’t keep balances, but what did lie. gain 1 He certainly gained money, but he did not gain cither the esteem or respect of liiu fellow mein How different with Socrates, the Athenian, that man who may be reckoned the second man who ever lived on this earth. He despised money and thought it the minimum honum to improve his mind and the minds of bis fellow creatures. Wherever men assembled, there lie went and by tiiat system of giving information, called the Socratie method, wliich is simply usking questions, lie showed tiicm that much they believed, was falso. Hu pointed out to the Athenians many of tlietr errors and made them better men, and what was his reward ? The ignorant put him to death. He was forced to drink the fatal hemlouk. What did he gain ! What did Elwcs gain 1 The latter gained the opprobium of society, but Socrates, the admiration of mankind. Since then, and to day , no more august name shines in the roll of history than Tiis. It is he, and not Elwes, whom we should take for our example. But it ipay lie asked. Has money no use then ? Yes, but be careful that it is used as a mans and not considered it tlie end. Get whate Socrates got, improve the mind, sacrifice self and you will have gained tho nummtim bomim. At the conclusion of thu lecture a vote of thanks was moved by Mr Livingston, sec onded by Mr Tatuell and carried by accla mation. The Bev. J. A. White, in a few well-chosen remarks, ably supported the proposition. After an interval of ten minutes, Mr Vngg took the chair for tlie concert which hail been arrnnged to follow the lecture. A number of the performers failed to put in an appearance and quite upset the fixed programme. Those Judies and gentlemen who did take part, deserve the greatest praise for their efforts. Mrs Dodd and Messrs Jones and Wallace for the first time appeared before a Tungumah audience and judging from their hearty reception, they nave made themselves favourites. Miss llodgers presided throughout at the piano and acquitted herself in her usually ac complished style. The following is the programme ? —Over ture, Miss Bodgers : “ Miller and tho Maid,” Mr Holland ; “The Stolen Child," Mrs. Dodd ; Hesitation, “ On the Wallaby Track,” Mr Wallace; " Maid of Athens," \lr Holland; “ Why do summer roses fade,” Mrs Dodd ; “ Hearts of Oak " Mr Jones j “ A Young Lady’s No,” Miss l’eters j “Dream Faces,” Mr Jones; “Thy face,” Miss l’eters; Hesitation, “My breeches,” Mr Wallace. At the conclusion of t);e programme a number of votes of thanks wore passed and tho meeting closed witli “God. savo tlio The “ Seymour Express” says ;—“ The boat snake story we have yet heard of comes from Yea, A few evenings ago, Mr K. M'Lean, better known as Ketin M’Lean, was passing away the time in his bUBh quarters at Switzerland, by playing “ The Campbells are cornin’ ’ on the bag E. Suddenly a tiger snake four feet _ sprang from a bed a few feet distant, whore it wae coiled on the pillow, and twisting itself round Kenny's arm, com* menced striking at the pipes in a furious manner. The cool-headed Highlander, however, navor lost his presence of miud, but continued blowing until not alone the house, but tho wholo surrounding bush for an area of three miles waB all a mass of wild sonorous harmony. After about five minutes, the snake relaxed his hold, and casting a despairing look at the green i bellows ef the pipes, dropped on the floor, and after one convulsive struggle gave up | the ghost." ' The' following candidates have been nominated for the seat rendered vacant by tho death of tho Hon. Jtimes Macpherson . Grant: — George j Euwright Bourchier, i farmer, Wychitellu i William Gnutison, Melbourne ; Willism Tatohull, gentleman, Dunolly ; H,, O’Brien Duly, merchant, Dum.lly ; H. Sutherland Barrett, solicitor, I L)un lly. Three oahdidntes havo been nominated for the seat represented by the late Mr Hugh M'Ooll Joseph Tilley Brown, auctioneer, Echuca ; Henry Ro berts Williams gentleman, Eaglehawk ; John Moore Higlntt, farmer, Mitiamo. 