BRITISH AND FjOREiaN^lBLB ' ' .?' ' SOCIETY. \- 2 The annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Auxiliary Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held last evening in the Town Hall, His Honor the Acting Chief Justice (Mr. W. R. Giblin) presiding. There was a fair attendance, principally ladies, and on the platform were the Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Sandford), IIOVB. A. M. Taylor, G. W. Sharp, J. G. Wright, T. McDowell, G. F. Archer, J. Cope, Canon Bailey Messrs. J. B. Mather, T. T. Watt, Jas. Hutnaid, W. A. Weymouth, F. W. Piesse, etc. Rev, G. W. SiiAnr opened the meeting with prayer, The CHAIRMAN said he felt it a great honour to be permitted to take the chair at the 65th annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Auxiliary Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The chair at these meetings had been occupied by many able and illustrious men, beginning with Governor Sir George Arthur, thee by the hero Franklin, Sir William Denison, Sir Henry Fox Young, Sir T. Gore Browne, Sir Charles Du Cane, Sir Henry Lefroy, and in those Governors who had been permitted to reside at the meeting they had brought for them as it were the representative of Majesty in its allegiance to the principles Willah the Bible held and had done so much to contribute to the greatness of England. For his own part he thought it would be strictly Within this line of duty to accept the position of chairman at this meeting, as he could not preside over any Court in which a copy of the Bible was not; present before him, and when men were called upon to do pose that which they stated to be true they did so, being duly sworn on the Holy Evangelists of Almighty God. He thought that, therefore, those who had the care of the administration of justice must be quite at one with the interests of a society like this British and Foreign Bible Society which had done so much, was doing so much, and which, under God's blessing, would do so much for the sacred word' of God if the diffusion of copies of that book was able to make; men wise unto salvation. To quote a portion of the report he said that, no such figures had ever been put before any meeting of the Bible Society as there had lately been put before (the society, and while a few years ago it was-' thought a great thing when the society was able to distribute a million eopies_of-tho-Old-and~Now-Testamoutf4trd portions of the Word ofiGod,[iu the year which closed in April, 1885,-no~loss~trran four million copies of, the' (Band were distributed in its various forms through the agency of this society! J The circulation was 250,000 greater than in any part of its 60 years existence. Manytusociationswliioh had lived so long a time might have reasonably been expected to have shown signs of decre pitudo,aud decay or organisations had fallen into the Boer and yellow leaf and pined and died away, but this society, in more than its 80th year, was still full of life and vigour. In its 81st year the society published a remarkable issue of the New Testament, printed on good paper, with readable type and 240 pages,; and bound in an apparently leather cover, and issued at the marvellous sum of one penny, When they remembered the days of Wyoliffo.wncn bibles cost over £30, and remembered how Mary Jones, the forerunner of the society, walked 25 miles, with thesavingsof six lonely years, to buy i a single copy of the book, it must be matter, of surprise to learn that last year they had sold upwards of a million copies in the English language, in a com- plete and serviceable form at 4d. per copy.' He only regretted that their local agency had not been able to make arrangements which he thought might have been achieved to soil those testaments at the original price. He knew that they could (not be imported here under 1½d., and sold at 2d., but he thought that it might have been arranged for the sake of the sentiment of the matter that this wonderful specimen of cheap literature should be sent through the colony at the same price as published in the Old Country. They would find in the report that four million copies had been circu-' lated, of which a million had been sold at 4d. each, the income was £253,000 and the expenditure £230,000, leaving a balance to be carried forward for 1865-0. This was a grand thing, and one part of the report which was exceedingly interesting was the distribution of Bibles through Russia, They had all heard a great deal about Russia during the last 12 months, and he dare say that the name of Russia had been, upon the lips of a good many people, and speculation of the character and disposition of Russia had been very rife in Australian colonies, During last year, without any bindi ance from any party, secular or' religious, in the great Russian Empire the Bible Society had distributed upwards of 400,000 copies of the i Bible in the Russian language, printed in the press, of the British, and Foreign Bible Society, and this would in a line more to bring about peaceful I and amicable relations and understandings between the great nations than would i colossal armies and costly navies, and con- serve peace on earth and good-will from man to man. (Applause) There was so much that tempted one to speak on this question that he was compelled to remind himself of a little incident which took place at the grand meeting, at which, Lord i Shaftesbury presided, and it was this- that i an eloquent American speaker who addressed the meeting told a story of a meeting where the speakers were limited to 10 minutes. Naturally some of those present objected, I and a man from the Far West got up and ! said, ", If any speaker cannot strike oil In 110 minutes he had better cease boring."? \ (Laughter,) no hoped to cease boring when he had finished his 10 minutes, even though he might not have struck oil in that time. The despatch of the Australian contingent p to the Soudan was alluded to in the report in this way-that a thrill of sympathy had been felt in England at the offer of the Australians to help the Mother Country in the time of need, and that this great society looked to the Australian colonies for help' and sympathy in their time of need. The contributions, from Australia to the parent society. were double that of the great Dominion of Canada, and larger than any which came from any British possession or colony. If the other Australian colonies in these days of federation contributed to the society in the same proportion that Tasmania had done for many years they would do well in thus contributing their share to the wants of this society, Coming away from, the aspects of the report there was one important matter which ought not to be passed over. He referred to the issue of the revised version of the Old and New Testament on the 20th May last. This was not the time or place to enter into the merits of the version, but it would prove a great impetus to the study of the Bible, and the whole Christian world were under a debt of gratitude to the revisers, and they could best display their thanks by using the Book which they had so earnestly and laboriously laboured to produce, and to show in hotter sense what it was, which the holy men of old wrote On the j as. ,Z> moved by the Holy Ghost. Cocoon a time, a very little more than 100 yearlings, brilliant but sceptical Frenchman, mi the pride of his intellect, asserted that it had been reserved for one man - meaning himself - to destroy what the Twelve Apostles had built up. The time had come and gone for the fulfilment of that prophesy, and what did they see ? Never in the history of the English speaking nation, was the language of the Bible so dominant in literature and thought, and in all parts of the world they could be assured that the word of our God abideth for ever. He had great pleasure in presiding on this occasion. A letter of apology from Rev, Maclaren Webster was read, stating that he had to leave town for a few weeks on account of illness. The Secretary read the following report : In presenting the 65th report of the Southern branch of the Tasmanian Auxiliary Bible Society your committee will endeavour to furnish a view (though but a very limited one of the society's operations as affecting the world at large, and also give some account of the work they have more immediately undertaken in Tasmania, which they are happy to state now includes, not only a humble, share in helping to parent society in its noble, all-embracing offers, but by means of . re-established colportage, also aims at bringing the Bible to those of our fellow colonists who are Without its presence in their homes, consequently are living in sad neglect of its elevating teachings. ' PAKES! SOCIETY'S STOUT. a Giving the place of honour to the greater work of Home society, your committee find the 31st annual report of the British and Foreign Bible Society coming to hand full of thrilling interest, tolling of largely increased sales, finances advancing by leaps and bounds, and everything brisk, buoyant, and hopeful. The figures giving the results of its 81 years of labour, may well excite the mind, even of an unbeliever, while calling for deep and devout gratitude from the heart of every Christian. The committee state: "No such figures as are now used to enunciate the issues of the past year wore ever employed before; no suchfuuusas are listed recorded were ever received before ; no such field as is here described was over submitted before." 11 ./ < If ISSUES.' ' I-I /-Ml», The society found the world with'!5,000,000. f Bibles, it has given to it upwards of 04,000,000. It found the Bible in 50 languages, it has sent it out in 201. The society's annual circulation for some years past has averaged about 24 millions of copies, last year it reached to 4,101,032 copies of Bibles, Testaments, and portions, being more than 1,000,000 in excess of the previous year, and in more than a quarter of a million beyond the highest figures ever reached before. The society has issued a New Testament for one penny, 055,000 copies of which were supplied in nine months. Though it is sold at a penny, its cost to the society was little over two, pence, and it may be safely said that there never before was such a book sold at such a price Yet the work of the society is not that of a mere publishing firm. It is a great missionary work. This society is called of God to send forth to the ends of the cat the, the inspired testimony of His light and His truth the inspired testimony of His word of over fresh and living power. FINANCE. The free income of the society for the year ending March 31, 1881 has amounted to £141,070 4s. 3d.; while the Sinn received for scriptures sold has been i'108,C!).l IDs. 8d., making, with £101 14s. 6d, received on account of colportage in Bengal, a total of £253,705 18s. 4d. The expenditure has been £231,006 9s. 7d. The society has felt, as was to be expected, the depression of the times. The free contributions from auxiliaries, the main streams of its revenue, fell from £92 000 to £58,000. But what the living could not' spare for the society's treasury, dropped into it from the hands of the dying-the legacies which, for 12 j years past averaged £24,000, rose last year to the sum of £53,000. " In colonial contributions Australia takes the lead by sending £-1,000 ; Canada follows with £2,400 j South Africa, £1,300; and the Christian natives of Lagos in West Africa, £100.1 Mci " ) ' i M' (GENERAL REVIEW OF, THE WORK. In this shot t report It will not be possible to take more than in ivory cursory glance at the KI cat work done during the past year. The general features only of the work can be indicated, giving some idea of its magnitude In France 134,000 copies have been circulated, out of which 75,000 copies were sold by colporteurs. him,,.' The sales in Germany have risen to 372,000 copies, in 20 languages, and the receipts to £13,000, the highest figures ever reached in a normal year. In Austria the total circulation during the year has risen to 153,000 copies, an inch case of 12,000 copies, chiefly in sales of whole Bibles I arid i Testaments,' notwithstanding much poverty and opposition of ill-taught ecclesiastics. c. j a a a a of (H H | , i In Denmark the circulation has gone up to 45,000 copies, or in fact vance of 6,000 copies upon last year. In the Russian Empire the journals of the colporteurs indicate that the heart of the Slav is peaceable and winning. The total circulation has been 284,000, being an increase of 5,000 over last year. In South Russia, including the Caucasus,; the total ch dilution has been 127,000< an increase pt 1,000 over last year. It h gratifying to find that England has distributed in Russia, unhindered by its Government, unbanned by its Church, more than two-fifths of a million copies of Holy Scripture«.'-Tlir>80 large advances have been greatly due to the extension of export ago. The following incident is cheeks an illustration of the amiable national character of the SlavSj i ,"|Brothor," said a Russian in the very heart of the country, after having bought a, Bible and Now Testament,)'* you did well to call here with your books, and were those more road there would be fewer haughty looks, arid more mildness and gentle ness among men." ' Extension',' translation, revision, have been, the notes of the Indian work, and the subsidising of bible women has been wonderfully i helpful in carrying the Gospel to tons of thousands from whom it had been absolutely shut out. i ' ' , j ,( of - a in the Madras Presidency) alone ill 8,000 copies have been sold, of which ,05,000 wore by coupon tage. , , , , , ' , -The agency's Singapore, working amongst the coolies and Malays, reports a double circulation, and a prospect, If there were men to guide it, of a movement towards Chi 1st , and on a large scale ; 15,000 copies were sold., rr i i j, ii r I' '| (IT . i The circulation in China has now risen to 200,000 copies, and in Japan to 9,000 copies I In Persia an earnest reader' and a brave I staff are at work in the hold, and there are many seekers after God. The exact figures are not to hand, but in the past two years over 12,000 copies have been sold., a , j ill j ' Italy shows signs of improvement. The. 1 Turin Exhibition, the outbreak of cholera, and the several expeditions to the, Red Sea affected the work in various ways. " ' ' , No colporteur deserted his post' in the cholera panic, even in Naples, and none met his death in duty. A circulation of 80,000 copies is reported, of which 05,000, were by compel tage. , ii' ! Such is a brief and necessarily imperfect sketch of the past year's work. Over ¡4,000,000 of copies have gone forth. The society is free from the burden of debt The committee can give but one explanation i" It is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous ' in our eyes." But slight acquaintance with the world and human nature is required to show that the great need, alike of heathen lands and of Chi extended itself, in the en lightening, emancipating, saving Word of God. ,, , lx A The Russian, Turkish, and Indian Empires are but in part impplied. Tlio'interior of China is only beginning to be reached Some parts of Central Asia and Central America have hitherto scarcely been visited ; while Africa Madagascar, and the islands of the Pacific make continued demands upon the society, as missionary efforts develop a desire for the Scriptures.! i r ? , i , , | , ' , LOCAL WORK. , . Those extracts,' fragmentary as they are, will give some idea of the widespread influ i once of this, which may for many reasons be called the greatest of English Missionary Societies, but while the Bible Society has so great a constituency in foreign lands, it has a work still to do in the country of its domicile,, and went Tasmania are glad to be able to claim the sympathies of those who often find fault i(ûivju3tly it must be admitted with societies < whose aims are to reach the heathen, and who have no place among their objects for Home Missionary r work. For many years, this auxiliary has not had a col- porter employed, but remembering the benefits derived from the services of the late Mr Livermore, and bow welcome his visits were in the outlying districts of the colony, your committee had long desired to renew this branch of Bible work. An opportunity strength presented of engaging a suitable person, and in August last compel tago was, re- established. , ' i OOLrORTEÜR'8 REPORT.! / - Your committee propose to let their sup porters judge from the colporteurs own to Iportsiofitho nature of the work he is doing, and, he has, accordingly furnished the following statement of the principles guiding him in his labours, which is supplemented by extracts from the reports he makes every month to your committee : ' ' ' ' ' I ¿fhoobjoct of cooperage work is the J increased, circulation of religious and health by literature among all classes, in order to counteract the evil of the vicious publications which abound, and lead to much immorality, crime, and neglect of religion. Our aim is to visit every accessible house with Bibles and good books for sale. By this means we have been instrumental in making known the glad tidings of salvation so widely that, accompanied by the Holy Spirit, an abundant harvest of souls may be expected, of which Some first fruits have already appeared. - The need for such a work was never greater than at present Infidelity is industriously circulating its blasphemies by means of tracts and pamphlets, not only in our towns, but through some of our bush districts and although it might be thought that those tracts, and pamphlets are too blasphemous and vulgar to do much harm, there is a class of people who eagerly devour them, and upon whom their effects are seen. Worse than all, perhaps, is the alarming indifference to all religion now so prevalent But if the people will not go to a place of worship, the col- porter goes to them, carrying the gospel of the sanctuary to their homes. The young, too, are being educated, and will receive injury from the dangerous sensational publications in novelette and journal form, which they will road unless some agency places within their reach the attractive and instructive serials so plentifully issued. EXTRACTS FROM COIiPORTEUR'H-REPORTS. i I have found 14 houses without a Bible, but I did not let them remain so. On one occasion a woman said she could not afford to buy a Bible. After talking' to her, the little daughter said Mother, I shall open my money box and part for it' She took it when the child, paid for it. She had been married eight years, and never had, a copy of the Scriptures in her possession all that time" ' ' . ' > ' I have called upon 107 families who could not read. ' Of this number more than half were Raman Catholics. ToKoman Catholics I have sold nearly 100 books, "Band of Hope," "British Workman,'? "Family Friend," "InfantMagazine," etc. In many cases I have been able to persuade young people to five up reading such light trash as " Bow Bells," and in place thereof to take s> "Leisure Hour," " Quiver," or "Sunday at Home." Calling upon one occasion, at a gentleman's house, I found party of 10, or 12 young persons. as showing my books, one of them coolly remarked, Those silly things, I have a box full at home, I always burn them." I observed, "I wonder that you have box full if you always burn them," but in the end I persuaded her to buy a copy of " Good Words , : Another said, "Bring me good murder and I will buy it." I offered her, a Bible, saying, " This book tells of the most dreadful murder over committed. They murdered the Lord Jesus, and you, and I are among the murderers, and shall be held responsible unless we accept the gospel and believe in Him for the pardon of our sins." j >.'. \ When crossing the H- I found a very sad case. ANA ,,widp}») and her family living in great wretchedness. The children appeared i to know nothing about God. They said they had never heard of Hull. in They cannot say this truthfully any longer. Farailes named P- and appeared to be living in utter disregard of the claims of God, although the wife of one of them previous to her marriage had made a profession of religion I could not persuade any of these benighted folk to purchase a book of any kind. Spoke to them of that mercy' which is nigh unto all who call upon God, and which is to be had for the asking Writing from C our colporteur says : I could do little other than talk with the people and their families living on those large sheep stations. I called upon five families in succession, not a member of whom could read. The people appear to live regardless of God's claim, and seem to make little difference between Sabbath days and working days. Thirty thousand persons and whole families in this fair isle of Tasmania who are little if any better than the people of heathen lands. At H-I called at a station occu fired by man and wife as caretakers. They both sneered at the Bible. They wished for journals or i attling war tales, where men are cut down, or blown up, to the tune of (500 a minute. For war tales, I advised them to read the Old Testament records. For cruel spite,' the Jews' treatment of the Saviour, and for the truly be one, Um conduct of Christ to his murderers. Although for some time stoutly refusing to purchase any of my " pious rubbish," they ultimately bought a little book called the Basket of Flowers. On the bills of E - there appears to be much poverty. Dwellings comfortless. Visiting from hut to but it was sad to find so many aged poor. A cheery voice or a thankful, trustful heart was an exception. In the majority of cases the mind was as dark as the dwelling was comfortless. I spoke to them kindly, and recommended to them that religion which gives to its true possessor," the oil of joy for mourning, and the garment of, praise for the spirit of heaviness." , i When in the district of G-I met a Mrs. He, who some year or so ago left the hospital In Hobart. She made anxious on-, quiry after Mr. Robert Andrew Mather. Upon hearing that Mr. Mather had gone to his long home, she exclaimed, " Thon sure he is at this very moment up among the angels." Taking a seat in her but she showed me one of our society's large print Bibles, which, upon the occasion of her leaving the hospital, was presented to her by the late Mr. R. A. Mother. Prompted by gratitude to God for His mercy, in restoring her to health, she had pledged herself to read portions of her Bible at least twice a day. I was pleased with the well-worn appearance of her Bible. I went to visit a young woman who was very ill. Before her illness she lived for a time in ! Hobart. While residing there she was led to give her heart to the Lord Jesus through the instrumentality of the Salvation Army In the midst of her suffering She was.onnblcM to cheerfully witness for Jesus, May the Lord , keep her faithful unto death. At another place a two days were spent on the township. Calling at the hotels I was rewarded 'by leaving; Among those whp,frcmiont those places some of our large print 2s. 6d. B'blcB, and several good reading, books. ' As a rule, I meet with a civility. Of course, there is some " chaff," slighting, that hurts nobody, but which, I needs skilful handling. ? H ¡s I stone home;!, I met with a gentlemanly looking young'mati.whoonquired if I could supply him, with a copy of the Liberator. This, of course was intended to raise a laugh,' at my expense the Liberator being on infidel paper published (in more senses than one) " on the other side." I promptly handed the young man a New Testament, assuring him that under the Divine blessing, that good book had been instrumental in liberating thousands and tens of thousands, of persons who had been fettered with the chains of sin i and lusty The young man declined to pur- chase the proffered New Testament boys over-, the company present appeared pleased at the way their young friend had been answered, quietly examined my Bibles and books, and made several purchases. About a fortnight afterwards I was travelling towards O-, when I was accosted by the young gentleman already referred to as requiring a Liberator. " Pull up a minute," he shouted, which I did most readily, wondering at the same time what he required of me. " Look here, said he, "I inten Jed no harm the other day, I simply wanted a joke at your expense, youtookitgoodhumorourcdiy. I'll buy a book ; what have you got?" After looking through the stock he purchased " Sunday at Home." On one occasion, as I was returning from Yedo Hobart a sturdy son of the bush thus accosted me, " Hallo, old chum, what have 'you got in your box, tucker ?" To whom I replied, "Yes friend, will you, try its, quality?" handing him at the same time a New Testament, which he thankfully re- . ceived, and afterwards paid for Returning one. evening to the township of B-- I saw a man, apparently about 25 years of age. He was standing under the lighted lamp of a' public-house. With one of our large print ibloswideoponuponmy hand, I accosted him I thus, " A cheap book that at two and nine." "What sort of a book is it ?" he enquired. I " The best book in the world," I replied, "the Bible." Then it won't suit me, was his candid rejoinder, " I ain't good enough to read that book." " But," I replied, " the reading of this book hollis to make people better." " Will it," the man enquired, "then I'll buy it for my old woman, she is none too food, perhaps it will make her a little better." reminded him that what was good for wife was equally good for husband, and that a good plan would be for the husband to read the chapters, while the wife listened. In parting he told me his home (to which he was then going) was 17 miles back in the bush. COLPORTEUR'S SALES. Among special sales the colporteur reports having disposed of 10 Bibles to parents who wished or wore by the colporteur persuaded to place a copy of the Sacred Word with the clothing of son or daughter on leaving home. Seven Bibles and 4 Testaments to young men and youths, who were going to sea, and 10 iBiblea, pocket size, to mon for carrying to their work in the bush, and that the value of all Scriptures sold by him amounts to £35 Miss. lOd., while he was engaged in reading the Scriptures and Worship 415 times. The colporteur was for some time hampered in his operations by want of a sufficient stock of Bibles and Testaments the English orders not coming forward as promptly as was ever pected and ho exhausted all of a certain ¡ description obtainable either in Hobart or Launceston. For the latter supply £5 10s. 8d. was paid to the Northern depository, 09. appears by the Treasurer's account. ^ y I AGENT PARENT SOCIETY. ' ? . - The agent of the parent society was anxious) to have been present at the meeting on this occasion, also to have visited the several country districts. But the meeting having been held so early last year much inconvenience was occasioned to collectors, that it became impracticable to avail ourselves of his kind assistance as he had to leave for the neighbouring colonies. I . r .' .! OBITUARY. The committee record with much affectionate regret the death of their beloved and highly respected treasurer, Mr Robert Andrew Mather., By his singularly genial mander Mr, Mather v, on the esteem and confidence of all, and in his later years he added a venerable appearance, which, taken with his mature experience, gave patriarchal Weight to his counsel. The following minute was prepared and a sub-committee appointed to convey it to Mr Mather's family, with whom they had a very interesting interview : " The committee affectionately desire to place on record their deep sense of the loss sustained by the Bible Society in the decease of their treasurer, Mr. Robert Andrew Mather. Our dear friend has been a member of the committee about 30 years and of the executive for nearly the same period. He has acted as depository of the society in Hobart for 10 years and as treasurer for 14 years. Such a prolonged service in connection with this society is, the committee believe, unprecedented, and they have grave folly to acknowledge that the service rendered by Mr. Robert Andrew Mather was a zealous and faithful as it was lengthened. He took the deepest in forest in the prosperity of the society's operations, and his earnest exertions, coupled with the influence of exercised by his high Christian character, contributed greatly to their success. The Gracious Maa tor has called His servant to rest, after a devoted and useful life, and while the committee lament his loss, they have thanks to Him who qualified His servant for so much usefulness, find rejoice to believe that his will be the crown of life that is laid-up for those, who love His appearing and are faithful unto the end." side- - . LEGACY. In March last a legacy of £25 was left to the society by the late Mr. Robert Bernard, which was handed to the secretary by Mr. George Kerr, one of the executors. There being no instructions as to appropriation of the amount, the committee decided to use it for cooperage purposes. COUNTRY DISTRICTS. A deputation was set apart in June last to visit the country districts, and on the 23rd of the month commencement was made at Bushy Park, New Norfolk, Hamilton, and the Ouse. In July meetings Were held at Campbell Town, Ross, Oatlands, Tunnack, Mount Seymour, Green Ponds, Constitution Hill, and Bagdad. Other meetings will be arranged for during the present month. It is with pleasure that your committee notice the liberal support accorded to the society in many parts pt the country-a support they trust to see extended not only by fresh subscriptions and an increased roll of supporters throughout Tasmania, but by such a measure of prosperity visiting our island's homes as will call forth enlarged offerings from grateful hearts to aid the circulation of that Book which is still emphatically one of the boat blessings over bestowed by the Giver of all good. ritUE CONTRIBUTION TO PARENT SOCIETY. In addition to providing for the local work already noticed, your committee have since the last meeting remitted, as a free contribution to the parent society, the sum of £300, while they carry forward the balance appear- ing in the. accounts already circulated of £18!), as of 31st December, 1884, having also paid for. all stock purchased from the London Bible House prior to that date. . i I i ' CONCLUSION". 'In conclusion, this fcorhinittoo,' in adopting the language of their English co-workers. feel that they cannot measure the full work of this society in any report which can be presented to-night. The Bible Society has created others after its kind. It has placed the Bible somewhat in its right position in the thought and attention of the world. How marvellously has it roused every part of the church to deal with the spiritual wants and necessities of men ! Half the missionary societies and half the evangelisation societies have arisen since this society sprang into being, and pressed the importance of spreading the gospel of eternal life. The Bible Society tests the true Christianity of a man, and if the truth is dearer to him than his sect, then he will join with this society. Your committee rejoice that this word of God is gradually creating a unity. It is not creating a uniformity, it never will. In itself it is not uniform. It has all varieties., But it is creating a healthy, forceful, manly, unity. It is bringing men to see Christ more' clearly, and to look at Christians as brethren. To see with other eyes than heretofore how much of Christ lives in all parts of His Church, so that we can grasp the hand of brotherhood. That is true unity. Your committee will rejoice in seeing this "Word" infusing life in the thought, and consecration of the servants of Christ every where, will rejoice to see it live in a holier Social life in a higher and more righteous legislation-in a more intense loyalty to peace and truth and righteousness - in greater national prosperity, but above all, in that holy life of service which will rise like a perpetual psalm of worship to Him who is " God over all, blessed for evermore." The Rev. Mr. Corn moved,-" That the report which has just been read be adopted by this meeting, and to print d and circulated undci'thedirectionoi the committee." He thought that enough of the report had been read to render it scarcely necessary for him to say much in advocacy of this resolution, except that he thought the latter half of the report had not been read. It would have been inconvenient to take up SO much time as the reading of the whole report would require, which referred to the admirable work done by thocolporteur,and themis sionary part of the work. There was one point in the report to which he would like to refer, and that was the divine inspiration' of the Book. If he was convinced of anything, he was convinced that the Bible was the inspired Word of God.-(Hear,,hear.)-Ho I had no theory of inspiration to advocate there, was he was not going to define inspiration, for that would be a very dilficulttaBk, hut as to the inspiration of the Bible he thought there could be no doubt. He hardly knew where to begin, for the evidences of divine inspiration and authority were so numerous, that it would take more than the 10 minutes the chairman had referred to, to recapitulate ', them. When they looked upon the Book, its structure; its doctrine and harmony, they would remember that it was the work of 40 or 50 writers, spread over a thousand, if not two thousand years, and living in different circumstances, and of different mental structure and calibre, some learned, and some 'not, come occupying high, and others low social poaiUopB./ Yet ( when their writings came to be collected, they formed not a collection of books, but one book. t It was not necessary to go into thisj-for'ovcry one who read of- Christian- evidences, - knew the circumstances to whichello referred,, | but he would like" those people who set themselves so, resolutely j, against the Word of God to account for these facts. There was no difficulty, whatever in aof counting for them if they accepted the in;' spiritism. All alone the line of its history I the Bible had met the most deadly opposition, and when, had not there been a period, when some man like Voltaire was ready to" predict its final annihilation, and rejoice if they could do some little thing to bring about that annihilation, but it had carries no man's favour, but had come from God straight home to speak plain and humiliat- ing truths to man, and had triumphed not withstanding the most determined efforts to put it down. And what was it at the present time? The Bible Society had been in existence 30 years, and yet' showed no signs of decay,' rather the contrary. What helped them to stand SO, strongly, after so much opposition, but the fidelity of the Book itself, which was God given and divinely inspired, and so long as God and the world remained the same the Bible must live. He had no hesitation about' this part of the report. To him the Bible was the true Word of ' God. IHow Moses got his information, or by what means God indicated it,, or how) other writers got their information, he did not know, but God had indicated it, and He. enabled them'to'write'it, and to write it in such a way that men of the greatest culture. , were compelled by the very merits of the book to admire the literary brilliancy and excellencies which abounded in it. He was' sure if the whole of the statistics of kindred societies were collected, they would find that the number of Bibles circulated was 10,000,000 or 12,000,000, rather than 4,000,000. The 'Bible was young and would remain so, because it was suited to the circumstances and requirements of humanity, it was because there was in it divine spirit, and Divine Providence would watch over it, and guarantee not only its perpetuity but the con- summation of the sublime and merciful objects for which the book had been given. The Rev. Mr. MCDOWALL seconded ; the motion, saying that the society had the greatest object man could have, to place in the hands of every man, so that he might read in his own tongue the wonderful words of God, The Bible Society was still in its infancy. It had done a great work, but there was a greater still to do, for, there were many parts of the earth to which the Holy Scriptures had not been carried. He, did not fear anything from the opposition which had been raised to the Bible. They should judge it by the results, and if" they took away all that Britain owed to it where would they leave her? bloodstained,' reeking with human sacrifices, and devoid of all that was good and noble. Surely they did not think the human being would be satisfied with the cold atheism or scepticism which it was attempted to plant naked and miserable in their midst. It gave me nothing to lean upon, and did they think he would give up without a struggle the great idea of the "Fatherhood." They had been very remiss indeed in not teaching the young dogmatic truths. They must teach them the foundations of the Christian faith,, as some had departed from that faith by those who should have taught them not doing their duty. He had much pleasure in seconding the motion. "i > l ! 1, The resolution was then put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. Bishop SANDFORD moved,-" That this' meeting recognising, with humble gratitude to God the greatly extended and successful operations of the British and Foreign Bible Society during the past year and believing that whilst there never was more urgent need in the condition of the world for the labours of this society, there never were more encouraging signs of success, earnestly calls for increased prayer and effort on the part of all interested in the work, that it may be yet more signally prospered." In doing so, he said that the society occupied a Somewhat unique position in the history of literature, as its one and exclusive object was the circulation of ' one single volume, but when they considered the title that Volume bore the position became changed. That title, though literally "The Book. was more significant than other than could possibly be devised, although the whole power of language were concentrated upon it. He thought they had a light come down to them from past ages to show that God " had never left himself without a witness in this world. Mr. Norton told them in his book on the " Genuineness of the Gospel," that in the time of St. Paul there were 60,000 copies of the Gospels which were known to exist, and how very strong the interest taken in the perfection of the canon of the New Testament led learned men to collect the different works and transcribe and translate them, now the wonderful version of Alexander, the Sep. ' maging, now the Vulgate, and the earlier versions of the Scripture, which showed (that down the line of its history was a constantly recurring interest in it. Of still greater interest must it be to themselves. He believed it was a mistake to suppose that there was no version of the Bible in the English tongue before Wickliffe gave his in the 14th century, as they found many proofs that parts at least of the Holy Scriptures were in the hands of their ancestors. Rede told them that nearly the whole of the Scriptures were brought into the alliterative metre of Saxon poetry by Goldman;' and that King Alfred translated some of the chapters of Exodus, expressing the deepest desire that every freeborn youth' in his kingdom should be able to read the Holy Scriptures in the, English tongue! in a funeral sermon preached over the grave of Queen Anne, wife of Richard II. it was mentioned how studiouB she was, and how patiently she had worked, setting the sacred Scriptures of the four evangelists to the vulgar tongue After Wickliffe came Tindale, who went to Oxford in the year 1500 at the age of 10 years. He expressed one single determination, and that was to make every boy driving a plough in Great Britain know more of the Holy Scriptures than all the clergy of the time, They knew how ' hoJ succeeded in giving the first version from the original Greek and Hebrew, and since that they had version after version, until the Geneva Bible' , published in 1858.'' 'It-was'translated by English refugees' at" Geneva, and 'retook possession of the hearts of the people that it was difficult for the authorised version of 1911 to supersede it, although only 80 copies of it were published between 1800 and fell. They were met that evening to do all they could to further and aid the object of the society in their great undertaking. The Chief Justice had reminded them that in Australia they sent larger contributions to the parent society, than any other British possession, and that in contributions Tasmania certainly did more than its part. But at the same time he thought they might do still more than they had done, because instead of sending hundreds, they with 130 000 of a population, should send thousands in support of the claim which the society had upon them. They had spoken that evening of the society as a great missionary society, but he would rather call it the great handmaid of missions, because the work of the society was not connected with any part-! cular Church, but undertook missions of Churches of all sorts, and translated the Bible into many languages and dialects, Look at the aid which the British and Foreign Bible Society had given the Church of England, the Church of Scotland, and every Christian Church. If they were without this society they would simply have to withdraw many missionaries who were now labouring and prospering. The society occupied an unique position, because it came to them with the single Christian ideal for the advancement of Christianity which no other society had attempted or could accomplish, and therefore he claimed their support for the society. And for himself, speaking there, as the Bishop of the Church of England in this colony, he said to the members of his own branch of the Christian Church that the Bcciety'had very strong claims upon them, as they had been enabled to do work which, without the society's publications they could not possibly' even have attempted. (Hear, hear.) He was, therefore, glad to think that they should meet upon this platform in a dimple generous spirit to i unite with their brethren in aiding this society, which had no' sectarian basis, and promoted no, sectarian object,, but simply produced, , versions of the Bible from their Press', which could not be obtained from any other Press in the world He thought he had made out a a claim'. The society hold an absolutely Unique position, and he was desirous of seeing the members of the Church to which' ; he belonged giving their hearty co-operation j and support to the society. (Hear, hear.) I He begged to move the motion. ! > ill ! At this stage the customary collection was) made and amounted to sures, 6d , , ,.!, f j The Rev. G., WILMOTT seconded, the motion, saying that'the/Biblc was, still, far, ahead, of, the most advanced portion of society, and would continue to exist until it' had accomplished' the great purpose J for which it was intended. "* , to'," r,"' The motion was then put and carried uni' antmouslyJ all JIMMY - J OÎIDO.I it. ? Mr. iHi'iJ.) BURLEIGH, > colporteur of, the; society,!.related)verbally the incidents in his tra\elBjUhjch,"aro;giycn,in the report He also suddenlyat what was wanted in Tas-, mania was not altogether, the purchasing of, the Bible, but the reading of it, and^notanlyr [reading, but good reading, I '' ,',, I Mr. W! A. WEYMOUTH moved. "That', the thanks of this meeting be given to 'the Committee, the collectors, and all workers connected with the society, and that the following gentlemen be appointed officers for the ensuing year Patron, His Excellency Sir G. C! Strahan ; vice- patron, the Bishop of Tasmania ; president, Rev. Dr. Nicolson ; vice presidents, Revs. Canon Banks Smith, F. E. Stephenson, R Maclaren Webster, Mr. J. B. Mather ;, committee, Revs. Canon Banks-Smith, Canon Bailey, T. McDowell, H. Martin, J. Nisbet, James Scott, J. Wilkes Simmons, H Greenwood, H. E. Merriman, R. Maclaren Webster, J. G. Wright, A. M. t Taylor, Messrs. John Macfarlane, Johnson Dean, JB. Mather, F. W. Piense,'John' a Rothwell, Sandford Scott, Thos. Westbrook, J. Withrington, William Witt; hon.lBCCro-' tary and treasurer, Mr. J. B. Mather ; audi tors, Messrs. J. H. B. Walch and F. W. Piesse C of Mr. R. W. DAWSON seconded the motion, and said that they should show, the people how valuable the Bible was by the value they put upon it themselves, and by, bundling their lives on the teaching of the Bible The best answer to the question, " Is the Bible inspired ?" was the counter question, is the life inspired which is built on the 'Bible,?" Standing as a representative of the younger section of the community, he was glad to be able to say that, with the light of the new ago beating upon them, and with' the universe widening before them as it never widened before their forefathers, they found the grand old Bible as, satisfactory as over. Theologians might have to change some of their theories, but whatever the young men of the day thought of the way in which they explained Inspiration, they had no doubt that the intellect got its power, the heart its strength, and the life its nobility, in the old Word of their forefathers, (Applause.) 'ii I t j t Mr. T. T. WATT proposed, and Mr. Jonjr1 RICHARDS seconded, a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was carried unanimously, j His HONOR briefly responded, and the meeting concluded with the benediction, pronounced by the Bishop. 