CO; RR' .. ' ESPONDENCE SHRE SEVERANC. .: ; To THE EDITO. -Smr,-There are- two sides to every question; and the man is lacking in intelligence who, having adopted one side, is notL prepared : to listen with patience to all which can be advanced on the other. : Since the question of shire.severanco wasfirstmootedlhavelookedandlistenied very attentively for arguments against it.: There has been aconsiderable amountnfo scurrilous abuse heaped upon those who have taken an active part in the movement, but up to the present I have neither read nor. heard any thing. against which: can bodignified with the name of argument, the latest deliverances, as recorded in your issue of Tuesday last, being no exception to.the rule. The'rate-, payers outside of the bounds of the proposed new shire have a perfect right to do as we have done, viz., take steps to protect their own interests; but I fear that unconsciously they are being made the puppets of the " happy family," and I venture to predict that the proposed-petition will share the fate of those prepared under the auspices of the council, viz.,.never be entertained by the Minister. The'reasons assigned for.object ing to theai1jcs wpve aioptqd Ull -not.I 6 *? atiol-ioi A l4 l -- estructioa question, however much of a grivance in the past, can no longer be regarded as such, since the Amending Act of last session has re moved the burden from the ratepayers as a whole, and placed it on the shoulders of the individual owners and occupiers who are un fortunate enough to have property infested with the pest; see sec. 3 of the Rabbit Sup pression Act Amendment Act 1881. So that (if it were true) that we have taken within our boundaries large tracts of rabbit infested malce country on the western side of the river, it would not be a burden to the rate payers on the eastern side; but the fact is we have excluded from our area the objection able country, and. whatever grievance this may be to, those outside.our boundaries, it is certainly none to those .withish the area. The writer of your leading 'article betrays crass ignorance, or somethinug worse, in his re marks on the subjedt: . He evidently feels very keenly the fact that severance is inevi table; and holding a very barren brief for the opltosition, he strikes out wildly and in-' coherently, regardless alike of fact or reason. " If," he says, " the ratepayers had actually decided amongst themselves that severance was an absolute necessity." What ratepayers does he refei.to?. Those in the area proposed to be severed? If so, where has he lived during the liast few years that he does not know that a substantial majorityotCthe said ratepayers have,on'two occasions',given ex pression to their wishes by petitio,'and now, for the third, time, have spoken iih a most unmistakeable manner. Perhapis it, is meant t th the whole body of ratepayers in the shire should have been consulted; but no, the proposition is so absurd, that I appreherid it would have beenr published on the 1st of April instead of thle. '31st M barch. The attempt to scare the secessionists, by raising the ghosts of objectionslong sincedead, is an insult to the intelligence of those sought to be influenced, and shows to what sore straits the opposition is reduced. " The malice and rabbit question, the locale of the new shire offices, fah " they have an ancient and fishy smell." Cannot the united intelligence of "'the'esxcutive" inventisomething fresh, if not more tangible ? At our -public meet ings, and in our canvass in connection with the movement, we found there was unanimity among the ratepayers on one point, viz., that we must. sever the bond which connects us with the regime of extravagance and mis managelmnt, and that any change which effects this cannot be for the worse. In con SlusionW hile M"a' ppeciatoe at their fall :the interests of te-'t "tresent-" unhappy family" regarding oui lodal affairs, we hope that while the old shirb will live and flourish in the enjoyment of all its advantages, in cluding its expensive, but, uunfortunately at present, unprofitable waterworks, the new shire of Gordon will obe6le to manage its own affairs more satisfactorily than they ht?ve been managed in the past.-Yours, etC., . ":.'<.t- . " - w.- F..SnEnio :." 