[Bv TEI,EÛIIAI,'K.J ; ? : (FROM OUR 0WN;REJ'0UTKRS.) i . MR: LYALL SCOTT. AT GOSFORD. GOSFORD, WEDNESDAY* : Mr.'Lyall Scott addressed' nbbut 100 of tho'Wollombi electors this evening, from the balcony of ¡ Walmâley's. Royal. Hotol..; Mrf H. Parsons occupied the chair. The candidato. met with a cordial, reception. Tho following gentlemen weré present :-Messrs. J.E. Parr, J. W. Lloyd, W. J. Chapman, H. C. Wheolor. J. G. WWteway, G.-Watti h. B. Huntley, and 0. E. Nicholas. > Mr. SCOTT stated that he had beena resident of tho district fora number of > years, when he filled the position.of justice pf the peace, and 90 per cent, > of the residents petitioned that 'fie might Be made a polico magistrate. It was offered to him, but his business would iiof allow his acceptance of tho oflice. He had been ohairman of the school hoard 'and also of tho road trust. Ho referred to the local topics of roads,, the system pf making which he would endeavour to reform. He ,bad received tho promise of a Minister that Sir John Coode should visit and inspect the rocks rtt the bar, with a view to seo what could be done to improve the navigation. (Mr. Scott, at this stago, read a telegram announcing that Mr. Farnell would not contest the oleptorate.) (A voicp : lie has not a ghost of a show.) The ono burning question of tho day is the Land Act, which was a great improvement on the old Act; but it heeded some amendmont. Ho admitted that tho Robortson Land Aot had settled many men on tito land who had mndo comfortable homes, particularly in tho coast district ; but great abuses hud sprung up under it, and Sir John Robert-. son could not seo any faults in it. At 14 years old-tho Act became liko an unruly boy at 21 years, -and the people rose against it. The Act was not tue Act of the Government when it came from the House. The fencing clause in this, distriot, and in tito other coast districts, he, considered most objectionable, ¡ and the forfeiture clauses wera very severe, placing too much po^'or in the hands of one man. Ho announced himself as a thorough and staunoh supporter of tho Educa- tion Act. Mr. Farnell had said that thdro was too much education ; but he denied it, and thought that, instead of cnrtailing it, they ought to bring education to every man's , door. Ho had seen tho parents who, feeling tho "want of - education themselves, compelled thoirchildreu to attend school long before the introduction of tho compulsory clausos. He was an out-and-out freo trader. How could they pro- . feet tho navvy or tho stonemason by taxing the clothes he wore or tho food ho atc ? The only Sort of protection, that he would advocate for the farmer wns faolities for carrying tho produce equal to tho differential rates allowed to tho squatters.' If an industry wanted coddling up, and could not exist without protection, it did not deserve protection. He" would be in favour of abolishing tba taxes which had been, imposed on many of tito necessaries of lifo ; and, to malro . up tho deficiency, ho would impuse a proporty tax. He did not Seo why a man owning'half of GeOrgc-strcet should hot pay more taxes than tho man who drove his cart. He did not moan an incoino tax. If Mr. Dibbs had carried his property tax proposals, tho sluto of the revenue now would bo m a very different position. Ho spoko in favour of a division of tho electorate when it became entitled to two members. Ho thought that in the coming Parliament they ; would have a third partv of young men to tnko up tho reins I of Oovarnmont. Tho old leaders had had their day, and now he hoped that they would soe a new and vigorous party elected of tho young blood of tho colony, Ho would not givo ä pledge as to which party ho would sup I port or oppose. He Was thoroughly sick Of the claptrap and motions of censure for the sake of snatching the reins of ; power, aud would support any voung vigorous party to bring forward mqtipns fur the goad" qt th« country. He ad- vocated, in tho absenco of the Local Govçrnnient Act, tho election of local Road Trusts, so that if thoy would hot do. their duty, thoy could be replaced by now members. In answer to a question, he said that he would not pledge him- self .to local optical, but the Publicans' Act required amend- ment in many points. As tq federation, he said that it was a ' very nico cry.;but, like tho Local GovernmcntBill, ltwillhnvo to wait for a long time. Now South WaloB, ho thought, would bo bettor without it. : Ho thought that Sir Alexander Stuart took tho proper course on that- subject, and tho people would havo to thunk him for not letting tho colony become inveigled into it. On tho question of payment of members, there was a great deal to be said on both sides, but ho was not iii favour of it. Patriotic men ought to be willing to sorve tho country without foe. Local govern- ment ought to bo introduced as carly aa possible1, but whilst tho grass grow the horso was starving, tho uiou in charge of. the rotids ticing bbUud down hy such ridiculous conditions that they could not use any discretion. Ho wa» hot I pledged to any Jiarly or »et of men, hut hp would support what ho considered wore good measures. Ho thought that the Civil Servíco Act was oiA of the greatest bungles that had ever been perpetrated by thc Government. The House was füll of lawyers, and that would require amendment. Ht had always been in favour of the oight hours movement. Tho Soudan Contingent was a question of tho past. He thought all thc colonies should be prepared to help England .they tinie of difficulty, but ho hoped that if ever' Now South Wales sont any moro hoi]), the cause . would bo moro justifiable than on the last occasion. ' Mr. W. J. CjiArMAK proposed Mr. Scott as a lit and ! proper person to fopresent tho electorate in Parliament. ? Mr. J. B. WIUTHWAY seconded tho motion, which was ! unanimously carried. '_. 