THE BLACK ART." (Standard,) FROM the remotest ages down to the present enlightened century dealings with un- seen powers, under the names of necromancy, witchcraft, enchantment, or spiritualism, have been attempted and believed in. Every nation, every era has had its professors of what our ancestors entitled Life "Black Art." Ancient Egypt had her magicians, there were witches in Israel, the Greeks and Romans believed in augurs and soothsayers, the Norsemen had their Alruna wives and their mystic voices from a body- less head, negroes still practise " Obi" rites, pious Romanists, and stern Puritans united in persecuting witches, and in the present day how many educated persons are devout believers in fortune- telling and spiritualism? That it is possible to hold intercourse with the unseen world by other than religious lives is one of the most ancient and widely-spread of beliefs and in the earliest ages we find the witches' cell co-existent with the temple. In the ancient Pagan world this practice of resort- ing to wizards and enchanters was scarcely considered blameable. It was, perhaps, more respectable and orthodox to worship at the usual shrines than resort to the Egyptian magicians and to take part in their mysterious worship ; but there is nothing criminal in the latter act. Among the Northern nations, the interpreter of runes and the weaver of spells was venerated rather than blamed and a knowledge of magic was an addition to the honour of a chief. Among Orientals the study of en- chantments was a recognised branch of education, practised alike by both sexes, and only discredited when the student put his powers to a bad use. As we learn from the " Arabian Nights," the spread of Mahoiue truism did not abolish the reverence for the study of magic and orthodox " believers I practised charms and incantations with easy consciences as long as they did not harm their fellows by their supernatural powers. It is somewhat strange that the Jews, the ancient nation whose creed expressly prohibited such " trafficking," with unseen powers, should have been so universally accused of " practising unlawful acts" by their Christian neighbours in later days, " Jews and Moors" were the favourite prey of the Inquisition when searching for pro- fessors of the " Black Art," and did a pestilence break out in a mediaeval town, its rise was almost always ascribed to the choice of the Jewish inhabitants, who had brought it on their Christian neighbours by some un- holy arts. Never was the existence of the " Black Art" more firmly believed in than in the Middle Ages, though at no time were its professors more persecuted. As rural superstition still ascribes so many bridges and towers, and dolomites, to the work of " the devil," so the accusation of " being a magician" has clung to the names of most mediaeval scholars and men of science. It is difficult to understand why the writers of the Age of Faith" selected Virgil, the 'poet, as the type of successful enchanters, and used his name as the peg whereon to 'hang various marvellous legends. Archimedes, with his scientific studies, or Fliuy, with his storehouse of wonderful tables on natural history, would appear to have been more eligible heroes. But it is to "Virgilius" that the building of Naples j upon a foundation of eggs is attributed, in 1392 mention being made of a " Castle of the Enchanted Egg, near to the gi one of Vu gil," where the knights of the Holy Ghost held their chapters. Virgil it is who is alleged to have made provision for the renewing of his youth by causing himself to be cut to pieces and pickled in a barrel, from which, in due time, he should have arisen, phoenix-like ; but the charm being broken through the indiscreet curiosity of a servant, " still abideth Virgil in the barrel dod," writes an ancient chronicler. Baptism Porta, Cornelius Agrippa, Michael Scott, Fi mr Bacon, Dr. fAustus, are among many students whom the popular voice credited with adding the "Black Art to the subjects of their study. Despite the ban of the Church, and the personal danger which the reputation of a' magician, involved, many a scholar was proud to be suspected of possess- ing mystic powers. Magic was openly studied at Pud city, and secretly taught in many a convent cell. The rulers in both Church and State frequently found it convenient to wink at the practices which they were bound professedly to exterminate, and to avail themselves of the arts of the enchanter when other help appeared slow to arrive. " Let the case be wrought, though the means come from Mahomet," runs a Spanish proverb and many a rest- less spirit when prayers and votive offerings appeared to bring no answer from Heaven, turned to the magician, who undertook to procure a reply from another quarter. The bargain said to have been struck by Michael Scott, Dr. Faustus, and countless others, was firmly believed in as an actual and possible transaction by our ancestors, and this exchange of future bliss for some present advantage is the true subject of mediaeval tales. Sometimes the magician succeeds in outwitting the evil spirits to whom he has sold himself ; sometimes he falls a victim to the conditions of his bond. That it was possible to practise magic without falling a sacrifice to the unlawful study was universally believed, and hence the profession of the forbidden love M'eut merrily on, despite the restoration of the Church and the terrors of the " secular arm. It is difficult to see at first what constituted the great attraction of the study. Ancient witches and wizards do not appear to have found their dealings with an unseen world so profitable as do many of our modern seers, but of the hecatombs of victims doomed to the stake for " practising unlawful acts " the majority appear to have lived in extreme poverty. Cornelius Agrippa was credited with powers for calling spirits from the vasty deep, but all his life was a struggle with penury, and he describes himself as "mondions, not medicus." Michael Scott's familiar spirit could work all manner of miracles, yet left its master to beg for a bit of bread for his dogs from a churlish farmer's wife, and though the magician punished her for her refusal by the resources of his art he does not appear to have been able to supply his own wants from the same source. It seems strange that so many persons were willing to run the risk of " fire and faggot " to reap such scanty advantages, until one re- members how strong a passion is the love of power. The desire to be looked up to as the possessor of superior gifts must have been the true reason which led the enlightened scholar to tacitly allow himself to be called " a great magician," and tempted the feeble old woman to run the risk of a terrible death for the sake of being feared as a witch. In reading the voluminous records of the ancient practice of the " Black Art," one cannot but feel that many professed enchanters believed in their own claims to supernatural powers, and succeeded in imposing on themselves as well as on their dupes. One can understand some solitary student lost in admiration at the marvellous discoveries be made in the secrets of nature persuading himself that supernatural assistance was given him in his work, and that the lessons he was learning were communications from the spirit world.' And as it was rank heresy" to dispute any orthodox belief, the rash scholar who was assured that the earth, not the sun moved, or who ventured to doubt any accepted scientific teaching, could not think that such whispers came to him from above. The enlightened student was almost bound to become a trafficker in unlawful arts," for in the Middle Ages almost all scientific research was "unlawful." Many unfortunates in former days had greatness thrust upon them by being endowed with a reputation for power they never claimed, " practising witchcraft,, ' like a charge of " heresy," being an extremely common accusation to bring where more definite charges might breakdown. We no longer include "art magic " among the crimes forbidden in the Statute-book ; but when educated people run after "mediums" and seances, and servant-maid hearken to fortune-tellers, who can say that a belief in the power of communicating with the unseen world by spells and mystic rites is yet extinct, even in this sceptical age ? How the " Stars and Stripes" came into existence is thus accounted for by a correspondent of an American paper The American national flag is none other that the coat-of-arms of the Washington family, who flourished in Northamptonshire, England, in the sixteenth century. Lawrence Washington, who was mayor of Northampton in 1934, and again in 1940, war, on the dissolution of themonaitcries, presented, in 1533, by King Henry VIII., with the Manor of Sulgme, in .Nortbtiroptonshir«, this having previously belonged to the prior of St. Andrew, ^forchampton and to-day may be seen upon the porch of the old Manor House two shield.', one of which, in perfect pre- set vation, has carved on it the " Stars and Stripes," or, in heraldic language, Argent, two haw gales; in chief three mullets of the second." John Washington, a great- grandson of the above Lawrence, emigrated to Kiidgos Creek in 1867, and from him was descended George Washington, first President of the United States. During the days of his military career Washington presented to Mrs. ROSE, of Philadelphia, ideas for a national flag, and she adopted his own English coat- of-arms the "Stars and Stripes used for so many generations by his ancestors in England. 