MEMS. Of the voyage of ' the R.M.S. Australia' from San Fran cisco, Captain Ghost roports:-Discharged San Francisco pilot on May 10, at 4.10p.m.¿ and experienced moderate wind and weather to Honolulu; arrived at that port on May 17 at 11.15 p.m., and sailed tho following morning at" 4.40. From Honolulu to Auckland had fino weather throughout tho greater part of tho voyage. Stopped and landed a moil at tho Samoan Islands on May 26, and on 28th passed the steamer City of Sydnoy hound to San Francisco. Arrived at Auckland on June 1, at 3.25 p.m., and left at 10.10 p.m. I same day. Experienced light winds and fino weather from Auckland till within 24 hours of Sydnoy, when fresh north westerly winds and squally woathor were met with ¡; sighted Sydnoy light 6th instant at 0.30 a.m., and received pilot at 8 a.m. Thcro was heavy rain for some hours previous to arrival. Tho voyago throughout was a most eujoyablo ono, and tho passengers speak in high torms of praise of the courtesy shown thom by Captain Ghost and his officers. To Mr. Jamos Donaldson.tho well-known and popular purser, wo are indebted for prompt delivery of our American exchanges, The departure of the R.M.S. Austral for London on Saturday was witnessed by a largo crowd of peoplo, who thronged her decks and saloons previous to her casting of? from the wharf. There wes but ono opinion, that of un» qualified praise at her magnificent appointments. Con* sidering tho short time sho has been in port, Captain Charlton and his officers navo dono wonders in getting her ready for sea. Besides the discharge of about 1000 tons ofj inward cargo, she took on board 2300 tons of coal, supplied by the Mount Kembla Coal and Oil Company, and 2200 tons of general cargo. The engino room Mr. M'Dougal had. in tho most perfect order, and Mr. J. Gibbons, tho popular; purser, had his arrangements for thc comfort of passengers very complete. In addition to some 230 through pas« sengcrs from this port, she took specie valued at; £14,500. Amongst the passengers -was Mr. Schofield, one of the directors of the Atlas Engineering, Company, who proceeds to England to Buperin* tend the construction of a large pontoon dock on tho latest and most improved principle. He was aecom« ponied to the Heads by a number of gentlemen connected .with the mercantile marine of this city, and before parting he was wished a cordial ton voyage and his health toasted in bumpers. The numerous friends of Captain Ghest, of the E.M.S. Australia, will be interested in learning that he is retiring from sea life. The nome of Captain Ghest is a household word in the trade hence to Son Francisco, in which he has; been for nearly ten years in the famous vessels; of John Elder' and Co., as chief officer in the B.M.S. Zealandia, and for tho last two years mas* ter of the B.M.S. Australia. Altogether, Captain Ghest hos spent twenty-five years ot sea, his earliest voy ages having been made in the Mediterranean and China seas. His career has been a most successful one, and ha leaves the service with the respect of everyone with whom, he has been brought into connection. Captain Ghest ia about entering into business in this city, and we are sure that his friends will join with us in wishing him that sue« cess ashore which ho has hitherto so well earned on the ocean. . \ 