EOHOES OP MELBOURNE (By The Ghost.) (Historians' :of. undoubted acumen are ! found who .'entirely discredit the statement : that the Emperor Nero indulged: in' a ; violin 'solo while ? Rome : was a; prey ' to ' the flames. They, doubtless 'base :rth«ir un b'elief bn'tho fact that'.it is impossible' that any rational being, can have been so lost to all: sense off decency, so ;careless |6f .tho interests of others, so indifferent tpievery ? 4-Im'm («i - nwn Anl-in'l¥ TtlO ~ AWT1 , 11,111 11 R AlTlOllt . as to hehave in the manner imputed 'to', him. It' wiirnbt therefore bo matter for, niiiclv surprise if,; when in' tho course of a ' few years,' some .'ilpcal '! Gibbon 'gives to the world the story' of the decline; and fall of Victoria, the, fact ;tnat within four weeks of. their final prorogation, , -with r a large1 number -of important measures awaiting consideration, the paid members of the Legislative Assembly'of/the colony yoted.themselves a week's 'holiday is'en tireiy'^ disbelieved;, iBiit it will neyerthe?: less :be.the undoubted truth.;. The gensible proposal of. the head of the Government to' adjourn on the Cup day* TThich has come tc. be recpgniseci as tne great racing ; carnival of , Australasia, . ,: was nega-^ itived in favour of an. '. 'amendment', 'prbr' ! posed iby one of the youngest, ;me,mbers of ;he House, and; the passing, of tivo_ or. ! three ; pressing : .bills rendered; impossible, ! during, the ? present session.: To.postpone. ? the discussion on^ the;' reciprocity treaty , with Tasmania, and; hang up the Federal^ Enabling Bill, in order 'that ' the lawn at FlemiHgtpn might , be . graced . with, the presence of souie of our M.IVb, is certainly a game not worth; the.. cahdlel It would almost appear as if parliaments,, liko indi-v viduals, Were liable to.aperiod.of senile decay. 'The last session of most Victorian: Assemblies has always ' been marked by apathy and disorganisation, and the present era of the Coalition certainly ;bids fair |to form no exception, to the rule th'athaa obtained in the .past.:; Tho,Ministry :has evidently outlived its -.authority,; and the. Aisembly its usefulness, and the soonery therefore, , both- aro resolved into -their component elements, th« better will it be for the colony. '? '-'?,' . ? ^, During the recent electoral campaign, West Melbourne ias been unusually fortu nate, for like the damsel ^celebrated, in song; the constituency. 'could have been happy with either, were t'other dear charmer away.' The only people who can by any means feel disappointed at the' result of the contest are the ' sitters on , a rail,' who are really afforded no hint of the direction in which the political cat, is likely, to ; jump, . for no, significance; can be attached to the choice of the. electors in connection with the Licensing Act. ' Honourable ^gentlemen are - etill ;as much at sea in regard to the trend of the current of! popular feeling as ever they weidf. '.' Had one of the candidates . been in the ranks '; of, the Blue Eibbon Army -the result mighthave:been taken as a guide to their future .utterances by aspiring legisla tors:'; As it is, theicoristituency has simply chosen 'Tweedledum in ' preference , to T weedledee. One fact only has been made plain, and that. . is that despite the daily girding, of ;ja 'section of the- Melbourne Press at 'Conservatism,' neither Radical nor Liberal had ^stomach for the fight,' which:;.was'.-left to two ..proved staunch Constitutionalists.' '??:?. .': ' If the'act to' ' improve' the* administra tion ,6f justice be not' a more ' successful piece of legislative wbrkthanf the \Judica-' tiife 'Act' passed during J last, session,; tho sorrow of .the general public, at- th!e|delay in the progress; of, law-making caused. by the Asfcembly .adjourning i for a week for the purposej as stated by Mr. Nimmo, the senior representative i of South Melbo urne; of swelling the ranks' of- the ? 'rpgiies, thieves, iand vagabonds' on the racecourse; willbe.considerably mitigated. ITnder the 'improved 'course of procedure lawcosta have. ( according, to,., ;: one ,.; 'honourable member, increased.. 50 .per icent.j; while fees' have, ib'ee'n' swollen' to ? ^an extent of S00 per cent.; -In the 'face ''of this itatement, — deliberately made and allowed to passr' unchallenged by the nunierousilawyers in the House, it is easy to understand how much truth .there is in Sir [-.Charles ? M'Mahon's averment . that litigants' who are ? compelled to.goitO/the Supreme Court only go 'fcobe plundered.' Mr. Kerferd's approaching elevation to the Bench;'will be shorn of much of : its lustre When1 he reflects on donning ; the' ermine that'he.has.becom'e a pdriiceps'criminis iii the' 'plundering' arrangements now ,pire TjdjBntjto- ouT.bighesfc;OTurte_pfJjn8tioe.;;-j,' ; The Victorian Crown law officers hayo ibeen somewhat unfortunate of lato;in ; their endeavours to purify tho moral and ireligious atmosphere . of the colony. The prosecution of the young man Wil jkinson, arising out of the admissions made. ;by this too much wedded; telegraph i operator in ' a recent divorce suit, has 'ignominiously broken do-vn,, and .the pro ceedings against the secularist entertaiu iments' of Mr. Joseph Syines have ; likewise; ended.in a'ns!zle.' In tlie former case,, ihowever, something more has been achieved than merely allowing an impudent trading iiinpostbr the benefit of freely advertising ; himself and his .' Sunday services.' The | question in regard ^p the validity of the ithree thousand, and odd, , marriages per; i formed by, the ' f .Reverend 'r Nicholas Kins nian'has been raised. .Mr., Purves, who !appeared for Wilkinson, was able 'to Jprpvet to' .the ,-? jury (,,that vth'e..-'.! pr.bceedinffs. in connection.. with /the. marriagej cere-, mbny. r were in valid,.', arid j ,th e , , !ceremony .' a nullityl, If the'.npnteritipn'pf rthe learned, goritleman shpuTd r turn but on, further ,. in-; vestigation ' iib ' be' correct, there 'will , be quite a, rush of illegally-made husbands/./to the Diyorce Court,. ' ?A'.fe'w moriths' experi-. en be,'' .of '.wedded '.happiness ' ,is,i jirij'. many ca'sesj'quiteenbugii for .'? any,prdinary man, arid.;the,',p'ossibilities of, escape frpmicpn;, niibial ,- bliss , ?bresorit'ed \ b r'th« . Wilkinson i trial, are 'such as will doubtless induce, a llarge number of benedicts to make an, ; effort, tp:regain their bachelprhppd..,. Under -the3ey .eircumstances-^cbrtaniljr..' tinder) no. j other— ^there'may be 'some senaein the pro posal, made .in the:. Legislative 'Assembly by Mr. Shactell,r and'^ndbrsed,by,a.'iaeet:. irig- of. ', 'Australiari-bp'rri' / , y.oung... ,', men,; 1 recently heldin South Melbourne, ,tb,;tax; every, male person bverV,21,', years, ,'bf age, who is not the ' happy possessor of ' a ,wif e , of his own,'orr-should the three thousand faultily-wedded ladies be .set' free— -of some body else s.', ...-.,,:? ?.??\' ,, ,:-,...:..-.??. -.-:?? . ,It is'still.a, ;mpot - point whother,. man 'eats to liy!e' or ';iives;;to ;eat.', Vicr tbrian; legislators are /apparently careless/ about solving the question,.fo-r on the issue being raised on Wednesday evening, by Mr. Connor, M.P., honourable meriibers, incon tinently fled the chamber, arid' the Assem bly was counted put... .,_A proposition that the moderate . sum,, of ^£1000, should be placed on the estimates for the ' purpose of cookery being taught in the State schools in' large centres of .p'opulatibn could 'riot receive the serious consideration of' the' Legislature. The time selected for bririgiiag'. forward, the niotibriwas perhaps inopp'brturie; honourable gentlemen had just 'fed,' arid'; therefore a debate ,on cookery must liaye' nad - the ' same - effect on pur replete law makers a.3 have the fumes, of the viand*1 on the restaurant diner emerging from ! table and, whose , nostrils en.1 passant &ve;'r jassailed by a strong whiff frbin the kitchen' below. Perhaps it is for this reason' that a matter so eminently, practical -met with; i thetreatment it did. Cookery is unqUes Itionably an art, and it is 'precisely in' art , education that the average ; Australian is ! deficient. . From /the female pupils now' [attending our' State schools the bulk of ith'e wifehobd of pur middle classes must1 ^comejandinthe wife akriowlbdge of liow to jprepare. a'palatable meal will be vastly ! more cbriducive to domestic, peace' and i comfort than a knowledge of algebraic fractions, or a thorough corriprenension of : the binomial theorem. There are higher authorities than even 'Mr. Cattermole,' ; i who, trace important results to .the stateof ' people's livers, and our Legislature might, therefore, do worse than devote a small, portion of serious attention to inculcating ; a knowledg'o of how our daily food should be presented to us, even ifit should' stop: short of imparting all the, attributes which are requisite to form what the gentleman in the ''Private Secretary' terms' ' a——, good cook.' ' ' ? . : October 31. '?'''..'. '' 