"üarb-inäi;~moran and our public ? ' '? SCHOOLS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-In the Sydney Morning Herald of the 12th instant tliorbis"a'report of an address delivered by Cardinal Moran at the annual distribution of prizes to the pupils of the Marist Brothers, which I have read with astonishment and sorrow. Speaking in reference to our Public schools, ho sadd: "With regard to education some of the systems which had been introduced amongst them were to his mind, and to the minds of many others. fully two thousand years too late to the present ago. They might indeed have been noble ornaments of pagan Rome or Athens, but they were, he repeated, two thousand years behind the times, and decidedly out of place in a Christian community, which recognised religion me an essential part of education." This surely implies that a knowledge of revealed religion cannot be acquired in our Public schools. But the Cardinal ought to know that these schools are taught by educated and talented Christian men and women that several of these teachers in Roman Catholics, and that in every Public school four volumes of Scripture lessons are daily taught. Fifty- seven of these lessons are from the five books of Moses. 'they contain an account of the creation, the fall of Adam and Eve, the Deluge, the covenant of God with Abraham's, the Uavory of Israel in Egypt, their dnlie-ernneo by Moses, the Ten Commandments, and the worship of God under thoMosoio dispensation. One volume contains 27 lessons from the Four Gospels, giving the birth and ministry of John the Baptist ; the birth, life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ The second column from the New Testament consists of lessons from the Acts of the Apostle's, giving an account of the descent of the Holy Ghost and the labours of the apostles in preaching, the Gospel at Jerusalem and throughout the Roman Empire. These lessons were fully approved of by Dr. Murray either he was Archbishop of Dublin; and every person who learns and believes there will be an intelligent Cloristion, and may' become a sincere follower of Christ. The Cardinal has not only misrepresented and vilified our Public schools ; he has done all in his power to prejudice the minds of his auditors against the members of our Parliament and Executive Government. He said: "He did not know much of the past political struggles of the colony is but it certainly appeared to even an ordinary observer that whoever framed and passed that law eyes no friend to Catholic education, and no friend of his Catholic fellow- citizens." This is a very improper state intent. It represents the gentlemen who named and (passed the Education Act as actuated by a malicious desire to injure Roman Catholics; read it is highly calculated to excite sectarian strife and animosity in the community. "Divide and conquer" is said to be galaxies among unscrupulous agitators; but a gentleman occupying the position of a cardinal ought to cherish noble and benevolent feelings towards others. I believe the gentlemen who devised and passed the Education Act evote influenced solely by a desire to promote the welfare of the whole community. Denominational schools had been tried, and did not give" satisfaction. The smallness of our population and the great extent of our tri ritory rendered it impracticable for each denomination to have separate schools in all places. The present system was adopted as a compromise. Some wished to have no religious instruc- tion given in the Public schools ; many desired to have the whole Bible read as a class book and after much consultation and conference, it was agreed to give a certain amount of religious instruction in every school, and to enable clergymen and others to give special religious instruction to the children of their own communion at set times in the schoolrooms. It is, I believe, well known that many intelligent and influential Roman Catholics, both in Parliament and out of Parliament, approved and recommended the present Education Act as well adapted to the circumstances of this colony. It is, in my opinion, childish to assert that it is unjust to withhold pecuniary aid from the sectarian schools of Roman Catholics. This colony has, by an Act of Parliament, forbidden State aid in support of religion. Roman Catholic schools are expressly established to train up children in the peculiar doctrines and practice of the Romish Church, and to endow three schools revealed practically repeal the Act in sped to abolish State aid in support of religion. The public schools are supported by public funds ; they are provided for all, and all may freely I uttered them. I am, etc., JAMES FULLERTON, I, L.D. 