MRS. CARNEGIE S HUSBAND.* Br A. C.t ACTHOB OF " THE THREE MISS KINGS," CHATTER XIX. BAD NEWS. Mary had sent Elise and the slender baggage home in a cab, in order that she uii^ht the more suitably accommodate llol>ert in liie carriage; feeling all the time that she was doing a most indiscreet and audacious thing when she proposed to drive the length of Collins-street with him sitting by her side -even though he might be "oaly a very distant cousin " to thecasaal observer. When negotiations for tbe expedition were broken off at the outset she was disappointed, but she was also relieved-especially when she saw to what lengths her indulgence had en couraged him to go, and to what a great and imminent peril she had exposed herself. But there was no such reaction as Robert had feared. Life had grown interesting to Mary now; the loneliness and emptiness of the past tew years had given her an appetite for companionship, and such stirring emotions as Robert's coming had aroused-given her time to learn the needs of her rich and sym pathetic nature, and preparation for tbe experience that was now awakening her woman's heart. To the letter of the law that she had laid down for herself she had con scientiously adhered to the best of her ability, as iB the habit of sincere people; bat in the spirit she had begun to free herseif from its unnatural obligations. And the taste of liberty is sweet. Though she was Btill shocked at the idea of taking Robert for her husband-because it had become a traditional thing with her to be shocked by it-she did not feel at ell like putting an end to the charming experiments that sne was practising upon herself, bhe drove home, with a feeling that she had had a lucky escape, but also exhilarated by the contemplation of the danger, its nearness, and its seriousness, and the probability that she would not escape so well next time. When it was only the shadow of a danger, she had run away from it-to the furthest limit that Bhe could run; now ihat it was real and pressing she did not think of run ning away. Robert was saying to himself, " 1 have gone too far-I have taken a mean advantage of her; I must keep my distauce until she gets over it" But she, as she trundled home alone in her pretty luudau, lying back upon the cushions, and shading her fair, calm face with her parasol, said again and again, "Oh, I hope I haven't offended him 1 1 hope he will come to see me to-morrow 1" She reached her house before five o'clock, and found Mrs. Fraser there with her bonnet on, having just returned in haste from a visit to the mantle-maker, and she greeted the old lady cheerfully. " Well, my dear old woman, I hope you are glad to see me back? You have not had time to miss me, have you t" "Oh, Mary, I have been in such a way about you I When I got your telegram I couldn't understand it at all. I made sure something was the matter. I thought you must have been taken ilL You are not ill, are you ?" "Dear me, no; I am as well as possible." " I am so thankful 1 Then it's all right ? ah, I see it is 1 You would uot look hke that if it wasn't" " Ofconrseitisall right,*'said Mary, serenely drawing off her gloves. "Only the sun is very hot, and I am very dusty alid uncom fortable, and just dying for a cup of tea." " Certainly-certainly; I'll order it at once, my dear. Come in and sit down and rest yourself. But where"-looking round vaguely -" where- is Mr. Lumley Harcourt?" "Where is Mr. Lumley Harcourt?" echoed the young mistress of the house. "Good heavens, what a question t Am I Mr. Lumley Harcourfs keeper?" Then she glun^ at the old lady's puzzled bee. " Mr. Lumley Harconrt is a very presumptuous and im pertinent vonng man, 'she said, with asperity. 11 And I don't wink it was at all nice of you to encourage him in his impertinence-to Bet him on my track, and spoil my little holidav like this. "Oh.llary " v" Yes; he has just driven me home again, when I might have been enjoying my travels, and gettfogno end of pleasure," " Oh, my dear " "Hp said you told him where I was, having found it out from the coachman-asif it was any business of Williamson's! And I all the time congratulating myself upon my <£<*&» *JJw.of publishing "Mn.Cmerfe** Hue * a* -«! ness in eluding pursuit Don't you think it was very mean of you, now!" _" But, Mary, he was in each a terrible state oi mind, poor young man. Yon would have pitied him yourself if you had seen him." " No, indeed I should not" " Ana I did not suppose you had gone off to get out of his way - " That's just what I did, though." " How should I fanow. Mary, if yon don't tell me?" " 1 thought I showed you on Sonday that I had had enough of him." " But yon made jokes about it-you didn't seem to take it seriously. If yon would con fide in me a little more, my dear, I should know better what to do." Mrs. Fraser's voice quavered, and her gentle old face began to twitch; seeing which Maty jumped op from her chair, put her arms round the old woman, and kissed her. " It doesn't matter." she said, cheerfully; " not a bit I was silly to run away. And I am not sorry he followed me, for now he is settled and done with, and I can enjoy my home again in peace. There's no place like home, is there ? And it looks prettier than ever. How are the flowers? Is the dipladenia gone off yet? Ah, here comes the tea, thank goodness 1 Now tell me what hns been happening since 1 left Any thins?" Mrs. Fraser didn't think anything had happened-there had not been time-except Mr, Lumley Harconrt's fateful visit. She busied herself pouring out the tea and making Mary comfortable; greatly relieved to find that the young lady was not seriously vexed with her. " Nobody else called J" " No." " Not Rob-my cousin ?" j ""Mr. Carnegie? No. I have not seen him at alL He doesn't troubte you much, does lie?" Mrs; Fraser ventured to remark. " Not much," said Mary, smiling softly to herself as she stirred her tea. "I do think he might have taken a little more notice of you-your only male relative," said Mrs. Fraser, " now ihat he is here. But I fancy he must have left the colony again." Mar? sipped her tea leisurely, and asked how the mantle was getting on. By and by she went upstairs, had a bath, put on her white tea-gown, and lay down on her sofa until dinner. Elise crept in and out from room to room, putting away her mis tress's clothes and "settling up" generally. Her presence was 110 disturbance to the young lady's rest or meditations. Her maid was her best friend and only conjulantt, and she liked to 6ee and fee! her near in these quiet hours of retirement; generally she liked to talk to her of the things she was concerned in or thinking of, when both had time on their hands. But to-night she did not talk; she lay on her sofa ana stared at the wall, oblivious of ail her surroundings. The dinner-gong disturbed her. She had refused to be laced up and ornamented, and went down in her white gown, with a creamy liampore chuduuh over her shoulders, the evening of the hot day growing colder every moment, and the fatigue of her late travels and excitements making her moie and more susceptible to the rapid fall oi temperature. I am tired, " she said to Mrs. Fraser, who awaited her in the diningroom, carefully attired in her evening cap and her evening rings ^nd mittens, " and as s .on as we have had dinner I shall go to bed, if you don't mind." " Certainly, my dear, pray do," said the old lady, 'and don't get up to breakfast" But in the middle of dinner came an un expected interruption. Maiy suddenly laid down her fork, in the act of conveying a piece of meat to her mouth, and lifted her bead. She heard a step on the gravel out side-a quick, heavy man's step-in response to which her heart began to thump. Mrs. J< raser presently heard it, and wondered if it could be Mr. Lumley Harcourt come back. Ihe step approached the house, rang upon toe paved terrace, was smothered by the doormat; then the bell rang loudly. Maiy sat quite still, with her finger raised, her lips parted, her eyes shining, while the servant slowly answered the summons, and delibe rately returned to announce its purport to " If you please'm, Mr. Eliiston wishes to speak to you, when you are disengaged." w'M£ Eliiston!" she exclaimed blankly. . -T fn,Ifc gcew Dpon he that Mr. JUIiston s visit at this hour must portend some calamity to her friend, and she jumped up from table and hastened out into the haJL Come in, Mr. Eliiston," Bhe called, her soft voice making a large echo in that spacious P ^ . What is the matter ? Hester isn't ill, is she i The young man emerged from the starlit vestibule into the light, holding his hat «nd slack stiffly, and looking grave and myste Usually he had an off-hand swagger, intended to show that he was quite at his ®a9e,?n Feat houses; but he bad forgotten his dignity for once. Seeing which Mary's heart sank, for it was the surest sign that something more than usual was wron£ Hester isn't exactly ill," he said, almost in a whisper, coming up to Mia Carnegie's side and looking askance at the servant . sheis-she nalrange, 1 want to talk to you lonl"1^"1 ^°^atbeaL^?e[iiryouVe S* to Hester a week ago, and how ^her^ had abandoned her inlier time of ofrth a m e ~°Penin«? the door liih7 fid"TWm' with ruddy fire light, and shutting it upon them both come and tell me all about it at once Oh d^me howl wish I had known^forel t t beenTbus,r' and 1 have been away from home. I meant to go and see her . to-morrow. What it is the matter with her* Howisshestrauge? It is nothing serious,' '. Well, Mrs. Carnegie, I'm afraid it's mn She turned white and caught her breath ^'dhave de "Xu a^0°1nse?se' »he retorted sharply, aake^ lttw J^ ft thin& for HeaTn'« u 1m. *,m»ow what yon mean-IVe seen her like that before. She has justbeS o^lr worried, or Bhe has been writing too much . eAKtS l!l00mi1' Ml4 S?SSf ; 6hf ^'t&dthinjS; we can. I will come and look after hi* ttbds,1,ssssr»he"0tei jjjjto the case, yon can't lo "We'll try, at any fate," cried Ma* jumping op and tinging the bell. " Staewfil not be lost like that without an effort to *««, her. Frederick," she said, as the footuun appeared.^ " Bend out for a cab, and tdl "Ob, not now!" interposed Elliatcm "She has none to bed with a aleepmt draught If you would kindly see her to. morrow " " Who'a looking after her now f it Ah, well, Su^n is a good girl Never mind, Frederick. Tell Williamson to brin» the carriage at nine o'clock in the mornim? If it is fine," she added, as the door closed!*^ drive would do her as mack good asan* thing." Ur. Elliston maintained a stolid doom, implying that be did not consider it a caw admitting of such simple treatment as iw And Mrs. Carnegie, while allowing foi possible exaggerations of statement mJ endeavouring to take the most hopeful view/ was more and more impressed with th* conviction that the case was really Tbe mention of the doctor's opinion finS her with dismay. " Oh," she ejaculated, almost with a groan. " if only I had gone to her before." ^ 11 As to that," said Hester's husband, " I did suggest sending for yon, but she w'oqM not hear of it She pnt herself into a great state whenever I mentioned you-that's one of her new fancies. She doesn't know 1 hare come to see you now." This was not an evidence of - insanity Mary thought; it was a favourable symptom' Yet it gave her a pane to think of it " I should not have waited to be sent for" she sighed. "I could have made that eh right in two minutes." " And ehe has had every attention," Mr. Elliston proceeded. "As soon as 1 saw that her mind was wrong, and that Bhe really wag not accountable tor what she said and did, I got the doctor to her, and now I am only anxious to do my duty and act for the best, Of course the circumstances were unfortQ. nate, to begin with-I could not help that" " What circumstances ?" demanded Mary, sharply. ' He looked at the fire, shifted his feet coughed, but said nothing. "Did anything particular happen?" Bhe inquired urgently. "Did she get any shock! -anything to upset her? You-you were not hard on her for anything, were you?" " I hard on her !" he retorted, with dignify, " No, Mrs. Carnegie, I was not hard on her. If any woman has a better husband than Hester has in me, I should like to see him that's all But," he added, defiantly, "no husband can let Lis wife forget that she it his wife." " There could have been no danger of that in Hester's case," she said, taking up her peacock fan and holding it before her. " Pardon me. Mrs. Carnegie. You don't know all. A man whom she loved wlieu she was a girl, and who jilted her, turned up the other day, and tried to entice her back to him " "Are you speaking of Mr. Stanhope Carnegie?" "Ah, you know about it? I thought 80. Well, I am speaking of Mr. Stanhope Car negie. I am sorry lie should happen to be a relation of yours, but so it is." " Yes, be is my relation," said Mary, " and I know him better than you do, Mr. Elliston -better even than Hester does. He never loved her, except as a friend; he never jilted her; he never thought of enticing her back to him. All that is literally impos sible. " Elliston smiled disagreeably. " Of conrae he doesn't tell you these things," he said, with an air of superior knowledge of the world. " Men don't talk of their affairs to other girls, But we see what goes on. I am not more blind than other people, yon know, and I happened to be in my house when they came there together lost week-no doubt expecting to have a quiet Ute-d-t&c; to themselves. Hester is very transparent, and her manner wonlii have betrayed her to a baby. Besides, tbe way she acted afterwards showed me verf plainly that the fellow had bewitched her. It was an old affair, and I believe she had never left off thinking about him. She took me be cause he was married and gone, but now his wife is dead " "I beg your pardon," Mary broke in sharply, his wife is not dead. She is as alive as you are." " All the worse, then," said Elliston, who, when he had adopted a theory, was not to be argued out of it, though every fact was against him ; " if he has deserted her, to come after another woman " , " But he has not deserted her and he is not after another woman. His wire is the only woman he loves, or has ever loved, and he il devoted to her." " Where is she?" " Never mind where she is." " She is not with him, at any rate," said Mr. Elliston, with an exasperating smile. " Whether he lias left her, or whether she has left him, it is all the same. He has come to Australia by himself, and the first thing he does when he geta here is to find out nv wife." *' The first thing he does," said Mary, " il to come and see me." " Did yon expect him?" asked EllistoDi quickly. " What has that to do with itr ehe re torted, getting up to walk about, in order tut better to bear with this insufferable man-1<# Hester's sake. .... " Aiid did he stay with yoa after he met Hester? Re did not. He .hastened away with her before she had been ten minutes in your drawingrooin. and walked SI the way home with her, and stayed there for *n hour -and would have stayod till ftowiflbw* let him." . *>;'. - 'i Mary's wrath fcoiled over, in spite of all bet efforts to keep it down. " _ How date, you e&y; such things? Bhe de manded passionately. " He was kind w Hester when she; was young and poor, aaa struggling to get her bdoksprinted- and tow iB how you reward himforitl . Th» is ho* you insult a good manwho was your wuej best friend-and insulthfer.irtio is as true m he isl Oh, poor Uttle cte&tnre;, no wondet her mind is going I To be subjected to outrageous suspicions wouldbe enongn w drive the strongest woman mad." ? I am sorry if I have offended yon, HJJ Carnegie," said Elliston doggedly, nsing taking up hu hat ..oFcourfce he to yo« cousin, and a great swell compared with ns naturally you think it Is great .|nipertinenC# S" Wfor it," ** impertinence u no woru iw *vi ". is nover palatabIe. Perhap« Ibad betgyg now-I will*y havefco^btto 'jS with our affairs." He hid «gaiaed »U for Hester, butihaveftoi ur affairs." He fcl .a2!ri vA W would notletnimgo iti<r her hand upon him with no gentle touch. "Tell me what you bave done to her-.! mean tell me what happened after Mr.Car necie left your house. ; He has never been there since," she added quickly; "that doesn't look as if he were 'after ' her ranch, ^°"YtoId her I would not have him there atrain," said Mr. Elliston, calmly.:: " Well, that was very considerate of yon. And what else did yon do?" "Mrs. Carnegie, yon need not speak to me in that tone. I did not beat her, as yon seem to imagine-I am not in the habit of! ill treating my wife; I merely spoke to her seriously, as it was my duty to do, seeing the danger she was in ; and then ' "Yes; what then(" " Sbe put herself into a great passion quite needlessly, bat she was excited over meeting him, I suppose, and could not con trol herself. She was very violent^ And-and absurd and unreasonable. And then she cried all night, though she knows that crying always gives ber bacl headaches; and all the next day she sat and moped, with her hands in her lap, doing nothing. And she wouldn't try to sleep-and she wouldn't eat And one night she said sbe saw ghosts, and sat up in her bed and screamed-^and she would have the children with her. Sbe seems to bave an idea that someone wants to take the children from her, and she won't Jet them ' go out of her Bight She said yesterday she wished she and they conld all die together and she looked so wild about it* that I got afraid she was really thinking of patting [ them out of the way. That was when I fetched the doctor. It struck me *11 of a! sudden that she was not quite right in her mind, and so I got bim at once. I told yon what he said. Ton know, Mrs Carnegie / dont want her to be shut np, poor girl. but I must think of the children " "Oh, don't speak of shutting her upP cried Mary, pale as death and. shuddering from head to foot " That would indeed be the end of her! There would be no more recovery after that." "I don't agree with yon there. She wo Did have the proper treatment! yon know " J tell you I won't have her shut np 1" Mrs. Carnegie repeated, wringing her hands. "Not if I spend my whole fortune in ore. venting it." y .And then sbe sat down and cried, to think of this dreadful thing that had happened which seemed somehow to have been her fault-another "judgment" upon her for the crime that she had committed. 