, I THE GUNDAGAI HANDICAPS. By ' Asmodous' in tho Tumut Times. boR Gundngai friends oolobrato tho anuivoisary of tho birth of St. Patrick by holding their Annual Meeting on that day and tho following one; I will now endoavour to give your sport iDg readers a lino about tho principal ovents to bo contested at tho nbovo montionod carnival. For tho Qundagai Jookoy Club Handicap, ' . AVKofe's-tho-Cutf 'heads the list; -iSfe tptSBrry named customer is a very fair performer, and, even with 8st Olbs, may tako a lot of wiping out. The unlucky Spaniard is allotted Sst 41bs. ..All the up country handicappors hold a good opinion of him, judging by his place in tho handicaps. His owner must also hold a good ' opinion of his horso to poreovoro with him so long. I am sure no one would ho sorry to soo : him broak tho spell after tho long turn of bad luck- ho has had. Tho Cootainundra Handicap winner, Oj-gnot, is raisod 28lbs for that: win, and taking tho porformauco.for what it ib worth I cahiiot stand ' Mr: Haughoy's mnro on this oo casion. Iona is vory woll treated at 7st lOlbs, ? ' judging by. tho manuor in whioh ho ran at Junoo JuDOtion. I havo a particular likiug for this horeo, and look upon him as tho plum of the pudding. Now York may bo a second Grand Flaneur for ought wo know, for he has an un beaten certificate up to tho present, along with being quartered in dangerous. atablos, presided over by Jabk Pollaok, who is ever dangerous nt the Gundagai, Tumut, and Adolong mootings. The woll kuown performor, Prudonco, and Bob Paino's reoent purchase, Tiotoria, ocoupy boxes in the same stable, and tho best of tho contingent ' thnll be very nearly number one when the num bers are hoisted. That gay deooivor, Pelharn, ? . at 7st.21bs, is not to bo truatod. Mr Loary'e old favourito, Mystery, is but a ghost of his former ?elf, and not v, ithin two stone of the horse ho was ? ; : » oouplo of seasons baok. Taking bis running in :^';.the'Yass Handicap as a oritorion, I Bhould aay , , he is not m it, judging by the ignominious \- -' figure he out in that event.ocoupying aroarmost '^position throughout; but he appropriated the ^'.'Yass Forced Handioap. Pardon mauaged to pull off tho Binalong double and ono of tho minor K\ handicaps at Yass. Marajie I know vory little of, excepting that ho is a son of tho Diver. . Dosey, who has 6st 71bs, took New York all his time to shako hor of! in tho Maiden Plato at Aieiong, a weight for age race, whioh is about her best ohoioe. Ambassador I shall pass over, believing him to have no Bhow whatevor. Spootator I take to be a son of the Fop, who oarried Mr. Matthews' colours to the front in the Trial Stakes at Hawkosbury five or six years L ago'; and unless he has oaught tho 'slows' .';': ? rinoo that timo flat 31bs should not be in his way. , FiBhorboy at 6st oannot oomplain as far as : ; lenienoy ot woight goes, for he is big enough «'-;'io oit'ry a house, aB well asboing as woll brod ;;. aa most of thorn. I havo an idea wo will not see tho best of this dosnendant of old Fisherman -, . until-o ia flvo or six years old. To Bum up, I i:V:»hall take Iona, Pollaok'a boat, and Pardon to fill the pla'oes. The weights for tho Town Plate '^latBiioarly a repetition of the J. 0. Handicap, li and Iona, Pbllabk'a best and Infidol ought to vVA i^'p.VAsmoaoW'. ia wrong horo as regards this SpootaWr, ai he is by Looturor, and ctvor xaoad »t Hiwlteabury.— Ed. G.2\\] 