A True Ghost Story. IR. ?CoNnAD II. GREENWnovs who was ohiefoofficer on board of' a hired mari time transport at the time of the occurrence, has supplied us with an account of a personal experience he bad of meeting with a ghost in 1826. In this cynical age, it is a hazardous venture for a man to attempt to con vince people that he has seen a ghost. The busy, bustling man of business pays no heed to pyschology, anud pro leases little sympathy for those who love to peer into the mysteries of another world. Ghost stories he sets down at once as the inventions of ·crouing old women, while dreams have in his opinion no further inspiration thau what comes from an overladen stomach. But to all the cynics 1 will tell a ghost story, the truth of which is supported not only by my own word, ·but by all the public journals in exist once at the time at which the occur rence took place. I shall simply relate what happened, and leave the doubters to examine into the facts at their leisure. In the year 1820 I was first officer on board a hired transport. Trans ports in those days wvere hired, not owned, by the Amiralty. in the month ?of August in the year nkimed my ship .arrived at the Government dockyard at Deptford. On the morning of our arrival at Deptford I obtained leave of absence for the purpose of visiting my sister, who lived at Tulso IBill, a place distant fr m the dock about eight miles. When I got there I found trat a party was being held, and on the in vitation of my sisttr I remained until between 12 and 1 o'clock in the morn ing. I then left with the intention of walking to Deptford-a performance which to a young man of 20 was of little moment. It was' a beautiful night, the air being mild and the stars shining, but no moon. With my mind flled with pleasing thoughts anent the company t had .left, I walked briskly on. I wended my way towards New cross turnpike, and when near the canal there I saw a young lady stand ing in the middle of the road. My mind was so full of the scene I hadl left that I took little notico at first of the person in front of me. When, however, I had reached the point at which she had been standing when first I saw her, I observed that she was retiring before me, keeping her face towards me. I was struck with awe when I saw distinctly the features and dress of this apparition by its own inherent light, other objects being barely visible by starlight, At a dis tance of almost 60 years, the impres sion that sweet face made upon my mnind is as fresh as on the night I saw it. She was of medium height, appa rently about 20 years of age, and of fair complexion. She was dressed in black, with " weepers" on her wrists and white frilling round her neck. Her cheeks were rich in colour, and her eyesvwere dark and expressive. A smile in which melancholy was blended with sweetness overspread her features. As I have said, when I drew upi to her :she:retired before me, looking in my .face and smiling upon me I was amused, as any young sailor would .have been in such circumstances, and yet puzzled. I asked her what she 'was doing there at that time of night. She made no reply, but continued to 'walk backwards in front of me. My ouriosity was now fully aroused. I ,speculated as to what the, joke meant. Here after midnight on a lonely :rotad 'was I confronted by a young lady of perfectly respectable appearance, and smiled up n without one word of 'ex' 1planation. I resolved to obtain frolm her a reply to the question I:'had :already put. By this time she had :~reached the bridge whibh 'spanus the Surrey canal, and there in the middle of it stood awaiting me. Thereo she -stood, still smiling in the sanie inmelan choly way. I thought it my duty to .admonish her, and I said 'as I iteipped up, " What are you doing here at this .time of night?" In reply, she simply looked into my face and smiled; I ilhid my hand upon her-as I thought. But instead of pressing her shoulder, ,my hand sank to iher breast. There wtas no resistance. For one moment I :stood there with my hand apparently buried in that form, and with that sweet smile still beaming upon me. For that single moment I was spell bound-the next I was flying along the road towardsDeptford. Fear lent wings to my feet. Now and then as I dashed along with terror thrilling through my body, I planced furtively over my shoulder to see if the amiable apparition was following. In every bush, in every shade, I imagined Isaw that smiling fano. Now and then I. glanced at the hand that had pierced that shadowy form, fearing that she still might.be there. When I had gone some distance I became tired and panted for breath. I resolved to rest, but the next moment fear again pos sessed me, and on I sped. I never ran so hard in all my life. Ihiere was no rest for me until I reached the dockyard gates, spent and miaerablo. That forlorn figuro on the bridge filled my imagination; and I had a half ,guilty feeling that I had fled from an appeal for help. 'I'The men on watch .at the dock, noticing my haggard ap pearance, asked me what had hap pened. It was relief to my burdened mind to tell the story. I described -what had taken place, giving theo -particulars of the appearance and dress of the girl as I have given them above. I then went on board, and after a while fell asleep to dream of the apparition at New Cross. From the men of the watch the story quickly spread, and before the ,morning it had reached the police. A constable boarded the ship before mid-day, and and astonished me 'by saying that from the information I had. given, .tlhe .oanal had beern dragged, and that under a flat bottomed barge the body of a young lady had been found. I re peated to the officer my descrip tion of the figure I had seen, and he said it corresponded exactly with the body tlhat had been found. I was at once placed under police survoillance. The affair, on the face of it, had an ugly look for me. The body had been fuund near the bridge where I parted with the spectre, and the police evidently were of opinion that my story was an inven tion. My captain accompanied me to the inquest, which was held at the Plough Inn, and there I repeated my story. I was shown the body at the inn. There lay the same figure that I had seen on the bridge. Nothing was changed, except that the paler of death had taken the place of the rosy hue of life and health on the cheek. The hlips were slightly parted, and the same smile that had drawn me on in pursuit to the bridge lingered on the features. There war, however, an air of repose, of peace, upon the face, which had a soothbing effect upon my harassed mind. I felt that the mission that the phantom had called upon me to perform had been accomplished. The body had been taken from its watery bed, aud would find Christian burial at sympathetic Lhands. The coroner ordered that a post mortem examination should be held, and ad journed the inquest for the purpose. I, of course, attended the coroner's court when it re-opened. Sti 1 practically a prisoner, my perilous situation had no terrors for me. I surveyed the " twelve good men and true" with perfect calmness of soul, being more occupied with the peculiarities of character displayed in the faces of my judges than with concern for my fate. The whole affair was to nme more like a nightmare than a drama in real life. To the astonishment of everybody but myself, the medical evidence placed beyond doubt the truth of my story. The post mortem examination, they said, showed conclusively that the de ceased had been droened not less than thre. or four days before my ship arrived in the Thames from abroad. My friends were, of course, relieved from a state of extreme anxiety ; but I heard all without much concern. I had perhaps not recovered from the daze my senses were thrown into on that night on the bridge at New Cross. Further evidence was forthcoming to prove my inne cence. It transpired that the poor girl was of respectable parentage, and that she had been in a situ ation as governess. She had been either deceived or deserted, and, after writing a letter to a friend announcing her intention, had commiitted suicide. The jury returned a verdict of suicide, but did not attempt to explain.the appearance of the ghost of the deceased at New Cross. They evidently thought me "uucanny," and were glad that they had not to deduce from their be wilderment an addendum to their verdict. In the sixty years that have elapsed since then I have often, when on watch at night at sea, imagined that I hav seen that kindly ghost. But it has never been with any sense of fear that I havc p'ored into the dark. ness in the vaiu effort to fix the airy form. What has the: psychologist to say to: my story? No ghost story ever rested on a firmer basis of truth than this one, and none was ever easier 6f verification. One remarkable feature of it was:that the girl appeared tome as she would be in life, and not as' in deiatli-I mean, colour was in her cheelk? But for the facts that the post iirotemn examination educed, the letter of the deceased, and the circumstance that I was at sea when the girl's death occurred, the ghostly visitant would thave got me into sernous trouble. 