CI)t Wsltooo Cimcs WALLAROO. WEDNESDAY. JUNE 3. 1885 THE struggle for places in the Legisla tive Council, so far as tliis division is concerned, is over for a time. The late contest has had so me peculiari ties, and no doubt will be the means of teaching many a valuable lesson in the matter of electioneering. It has displayed, perhaps more than any other contest that lias taken place in the colony, tlie utter inconsistency of some of the organizations who en deavour to tnake themselves felt on such occasions. We leave the Hon. Dr Campbell out of the question, see ing that the vote in his favor has been about as unanimous as it was possible to be. But so far as the others wore concerned there are two organizations that worked blindly for the return of Mr Wadham, who must really have been born under a lucky star. The Farmers' Association, for some unexplained reason, supported him, while the final result sbows that he was a hot favourite with the squatters. They did this in the face of Mr Haselgrove being a farmer, and of Mr Coombe being warmly supported by most classes in the districts from which these celebrated Farmers' Dele gates hail. But, strange as this may seem, their conduct was totally eclipsed by the teetotallers, who have never been celebrated for the wisdom displayed in election matters, generally voting'for a man who happened to be a teetotaller, whether he possessed any other qualification or not. But Mr Wadham is not a teetotaller, and, further than this, was openly supported by the Licensed Victuallers. These facts, however, seemed to have escaped the notice of our teetotal iriends, in their anxiety to vote for anybody rather than Mr Haselgrove, because he happened at one time in his life to have been a publican. However, if the thought affords any comfort, the temperance people can consol them selves with the idea that they have for once wrought shoulder to shoulder with the publicans, who, but for the able assistance thus rendered would have lost their man. "We hope the two classes to which we have alluded will benefit by the experience thus gained, and when another - election comes round that they will refrain from vot ing in the dark. Now that Parliament is about to meet there is a subject of particular im portance to the agriculturits of the colony that should engage the attention of our legislators; we refer to'the need of doing something to render the services of the Professor of Agriculture of more general use to farmers, and at the same time extend the usefulness of the Farm, and Col lege. "We fully" believe th$t Professor Guetanee is the right j£»n in the right j place. He came her© with tbebighept testimonials, and since his arrival in the colony, and the establishment of the Experimental Farm, he has proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that if the necessary-assistance is rendered he is, capable of imparting to our. young farmers a knowledge of agri culture that will enable them to fol low the occupation with more profit to themselves and the country, than has obtained iu the past. We have con versed with several practical farmers who have visited the Experimental Farm at Rosew'orthy, and the almost unanimous opinion is that to make the College what it ought to be, ad ditional assistance should be provided, a step that will have the further advantage of allowing the Professor more time to lecture for the benefit of farmers in different parts of the colouy. At present Professor CUB tance has not only to attend to the higher branches but has also to under take all the drudgery, which really means a waste of valuable time and money, as this could be done by a person at a salary of two hundred a year, whilst the Professor was turning his attention to some thing that would be of mucb greater advantage to the country. This is felt very keenly by the more advanced students, all of whom speak in the highest terms of the Principal. But this is not all. There has been a general outcry against farmers because they do not turn their attention to more than one thing, and yet, although the Government has spent a large, amount in establishing an Experi mental Farm and in the erection of a College, they are practically, by their mistaken economy, perpetuating an evil which this expenditure was in tended to remove, inasmuch as many important industries in connection with the farm are as entirely neglected as they are on some of the " new-chum farms" in the country. The most important amongst these is dairying. Certainly no man will ever be a thorough farmer, unless, in addition to a knowledge of soil cultivation, he has sotne instruction in the import ant branch to which we have alluded. There should, therefore, be a dairy in connection with the farm, under the management of a certificated person, where farmers' daughters, yes, and some farmers' wives, might go for short terms and gain an insight into an industry of which there is at, the present time an unpardonable amount of ignorance. As we haye remarked, we believe Professor Custance fully understands his pro fession, and is wortby of the fullest confidence. The proper course to adopt, therefore, is to follow his suggestions as far as possible, and place within his reach the means of imparting all the' branches of educa tion which should be available at an Agricultural College. This, we take it, is essentially necessary from a financial point of view. At present the College may be compared to a very large and handsome coach, replete with every convenience, but the pro prietors have only provided one horse, fjr it, and however willing and active he may be they cannot expect any return until tluy have a team in keeping. Neither can the Govern ment expect the College to prove the advantage to the colony that was iutended, or to attract the number of students necessary to render it reproductive, until they display greater liberality than they have done in the past. We hope the Parliament will take steps to repair these defects during the present Session, as, if it is done, it will not be long until our Agricultural Farm and College will be looked up to, not only by farmers in the colony, but by those desiring information in agricultural matters in other parts of Australia. RAINFALL.-We have been kindly dupplied with the following rainfall, registered by W. Fowler, Esq., at Yarroo :-May 7th, 0,035; 15th, 0.240; 16th, 0.020 j 17th 0.020 ; 22nd, 0.090 ; 27th, 0.380,-total for seyen days, 0.785, Mr Sands, of Kadina, lias also kindly ^avored us with the the following ;-For 8 days in May 1.350 inches. ABSENCE OF CRIME IN NOSTS WAT.ES:--Mr Justice Field opened the commission on April 14, at Carnarvon for the grouped counties of North Wales. Six counties might send up prisoners--namely, Flintshire, Den - bigshire, Carnarvonshire, Merionetshire, Montgomeryshire, and Anglesey. The nam ber of prisoners for trial' from these counties is just six, there not being a solitary prisoner from Denbigshire, one of the most dense!; populated counties in the northern half of the Principality. A JSfiW WOED OF COHSCAJTD.-That the expressions commonly used by an individual in connection with his ordinary avocations sometimes* crop up rather inopportunely, was realized the other day, while a country rifle company was being drilled. The officer in command, a worthy farmer, had given the order for a particular evolution to be executed; and when to |he intense amueemont of all present instead of saying " halt" he, ia stentorian toneB shouted " Whoa." The bullock team was evidently in his mind's eye, and, there fore, to bring the team to a standstill, he em ployed the familiar Instead , of the military wordof command. A SAGE JOB LIFE,-^AB a Lancashire and Yorkshire train (says a home paper) WB» leaving Hindley Station at half-past eigLi o'clock on Sunday night, April 6, for Man chester, a number of persons rushed behind it across the' line, when a terrible race for lif# epsued, as a luggage train was instantly upon llipm, J#)hn Carter, of Hindley, was knocked down by the engine, and the traiu passed over him. His brother's wife was saved from evident death by a man reaching forward and dragging her on to the platform. The suspense of the bystanders who saw Carter knocked down was extremely paioful,yefc, : strange to. eay, wheiupicked jap,*; a.vpniid^Qni. > this forehead W$B £hje oply yisjble eign of the «?pjdeat. THE CEANSIEE BIBLE nf JOANTEBBPBT CATHEDEAI.-The Bishop of Cover on ^Mon day, April 13, replaced the old chain Bible of Canterbury Cathedral in the position It origi nally occupied .upon what is. known as Cranmer'a desk, in the ngrth- eaet aisle of the cathedral. In doing BO he observed that tho event -would recall to their mind: the com mencement of one gfreat era in the- history *if Christianity, inasmuch as the position in which lie had just replaced that yolume was undoubtedly constructed in the reign of Henry VIIL, and was the place from which the first English Bible was read in the English Church-for the benefit alike of tho clergy and laity. The Dean of Canterbury and Arch deacon Harrison also spoke. BENEFITS OF ROLLING- AND HABBOWING. -The last number of the " Garden and Field" has the following amongst " Grains of Advice" Rolling and then harrowing on the wheat crop, whilst it is young, is ofteu beneficial. In the first place the rolling rather consolidates the soil about the roots, and by checking the growth of the first stem causes a number of other stems to be devel oped from buds on the crown that would otherwise have remained dormant. Then the roots are also strengthened by the check of tolling, and are made better able to support ihe stronger plant. The roller will crush a great number of insects that prey upon the wheat plant, and the harrowing afterwards will pick up the surface, making it loose and permeable to the air. * HINTS 10 ITABMERS.-Some one once drew | a graphic pen picture of a mortal foe of the farmer-one who labored for his destruction by uigbt as well as by day, on Sundays, holi I days, and work days alike. It was a " mort ! gage" that the writer, of the sketch wiselv regarded as one of the most active enemies <0 I the farmer's purse and peace of mind. There is, however, another agent for evil quite as 1 active, to be found on every farm. It is known as rust. And although it annually destroys on the aggregate a vast amount of property, farmers too frequently, neglect to take the measures necessary for protection from the ravages of this insidious fo«. Hun dreds of agriculturists are buying farm machinery, which, if properly cared for, the ' Forest, forge and Farm' suggests ought to last at least ten yeais, Most of it will be : worthless in one-fifth of that time for lack of a little care. MYSTEEIOUS DISAPPEARANCE.-Says the I Port Adelaide News' on Wednesday morning last, two lads aged 14 and 11 years respective ly, living at the Semaphore, started at nine o'clock for the Port Model School, where they were attending, and have not since been heard of. It WBS discovered by the boys' parents 'hat some lads projected a camp-out at Largs B*7 a la B Battery, and it was thought probable that the missing ones had joined them. The ' encampn ent,' however, broke up the next morning and the youthful cam paigners returned to their homes, but nothing has been seen or heard of the two mentioned. The eldest, it has been discovered, has with him a sis-chambered reyolyer and a rusty pistol with the former he may do some | damage to others, but with the latter ho stands in mostdanger himself. The police are zealous [ ly searching and instituting enquiries, and any information regarding the boys will be gladly received by the parents or police. The names are at present withheld lor obvious reasons. TEOUBLES OF A MEW CHUM.-Numerous were the stories, true and otherwise, told of the adventures of "new chum?" in the old bullock-driving days of the colony. But it would appear thai some of tbe neir arrivals of the present time are not much more in teligent in the matter of harnessing horses than their "brothers in trouble" were in yoking bullocks. A correspondent informs us that a few days ago on employe of his hailing from "Faderland" was instructed to harness a horse to a spring dray, a task he seemed to consider himself quite equal to. Shortly afterwards an unusual noise was heard, when, on looking out, they beheld the prostrate form of the new chum in front of the cart, while the horse was standiug at some diotance seemingly much in terested in what was going on. It appears the man had made the slight omission of putting on the collar and traces resting satis fied with the winkers ind saddle. After put ting the horse in, he got up and attempted to start with the result that, the shafts soon came to the ground. The horse, however, did not bolt, being apparently, too anxious to have a good look at the new importation. ME GLADSTONE AUD RUSSIA.-An English paper saysIt is understood that if war with Russia takes place, Mr Gladstone will retire from the Premiership. With the passing of the Seats Bill he regards his politi cal work as accomplished ; and he feels that the responsibilities and labours of office with a gigantic war to carry on would be to much for him. This does not mean says the" W orld," that Mr Gladstone has any doubts as to the justice or policy of the war, if war there be. No man in the Government or in the oountry is more bitterly disappointed than the Prime Minister with the latter proceedings of Bussia in Central Asia: Mr Gladstone feels that her acts are in direct contradiction to her assur ances, and that she is now working to get within striking distance of the Indian frontier. He has been slowly brought to the oonviction that Russia means cooner or later lo force a struggle with England, and he is, therefore, conscious that war, whether it oomes now or two or three years hence, is absolutely un avoidable. It will be for Bussia to decide | when the struggle is to take place ; but Mr | Gladstone at least has no doubt of the duty of England. THE HON. Dr CAMPBELL'S NOTE TO THE KLECTOBS.-The following letter vas read from Dr Campbell at the declaration of the poll for the Northern District;-It becomes me to thank you most sincerely for returning me aB one of your representatives in the Legislative Council. That'you repose great confidence in me is eyident from the almost unanimous vote of the electors of the district. You may rest assured that toy energies will be bent at all times to justify that confidence. The pledges of support given to me at my varIons meetings have been most amply fair filled. I look back upon all of those meetings with great pleasure, and express the hope that the acquaintance and friendship formed through them with many of you will long be retained by me. The election has been conducted without the elighteBt jar or bitterness of any kind, which has been ,very gratifying to me personally, 'While thank ing heartily the electors, I will not omit tp to record my indebtedness to the 'Press' of the Northern District. They have intjani mously supported die. .1 can only in return assure the press of my loyalty to the "Fourth JEstatp," and express the personal sympathy Ihwe wjth l&eir; upright and tapest efforts to lead public opinion. As a legislator anything I can gain from their assistance has been most readily accepted. Mr. Coombe's Candidature.—There is a variety of ways in which a candidate can take his defeat, prudent and otherwise. The following letter read from Mr Coombe at the declaration of the poll at Port Pirie,we think, showr that he took his defeat " other wise" :-" Please accept myapology for non- attendance. I have much pleasure in supporting the vote of thanks to the Returning Officer. Of course I am sorry to find myself in the position of a defeated candidate, but I must accept it with the best grace I can command. I return my most sincere thanks to those electors who did me the honor of voting for me. I only decided to stand when it seemed that the position was going begging. The Central Committee of the Farmers' Association had done me an injustice and had been un- necessarily offensive when they stigmatised me as " unreliable." But the best refutation of this was the support I got at Port Pirie. If I should dare to offer advice to such an august body it would be to be a little more dignified in their proceedings and refrain from indulging in personal remarks if they desire to retain the respect of the people in the colony. Members of Parliament should make good election agents, and those who worked Frome and Flinders on behalf of Mr. Wadham it would not be unfair to assume that these gentlemen were very liberally paid for their services. In hard times like these a commission was not to be despised, although some people would think it hardly becoming for an M.P. to use the advantages which his position gives him. Again I thank you, and although defeated this time I shall on some future occasion offer my services again." THE Garden *akd FIELD.-This excellent publication comes to us this week with a new face, or a "new hat/' as the Editor terms it, in the shape of an artistic heading, the design of which ia very good, although it seems a pity that better lettering was not adopted. The Editor says:-.Ail observant readers will notice that we have a new head to our paper, although it is carried on by the same editor and proprietor. There is a history attached to this heading, which will prove to be very interesting to the " Encourage Colonial Indus try and Local Talent" class of our community. A month or two back we offered a small bonus to the pupils of the South Australian School of Design, under the direction of Mr H. Pelling Gill. The size of the heading was stipulated, and a notion as to the general aim and object of the paper. No less than 45 of the pupils sent in designs more or less meritorious, and the judges awarded first honours to Mr Win. Blanchard, and second to Miss M. A. Oyerbury. The proprietor of this paper had a preference for this last design, which perhaps is not quite so severely art'stio as the other, but in his opinion was better Suited to the character of the paper. The design explains itself, and if the observant reader will obtain a microscope and look beneath the feet of the young lady upon the left-hand-side, he will observe that the fair : delineator " and engraver" is not altogether ashamed of her work. Miss Overhury was anxious to hare an opportunity of executing the woodcut, and we think that for a third attempt only in the art of wood engraving it is highly creditable to herself and to the School of Design, of which she is a pupil, and where she learnt the art of drawing. Mr A. W. Dobbie, Gawler-place, Adelaide, has exe cuted an electrotype of the wood-cut,of which the present heading is an impression." The paper is set an new type, and the articles have very attractive headings, the genera! get up reflecting credit on Messrs Webb, Yardon and Priichard. We have frequently advised our agricultural readers, to become readers of the " Garden and Field," for many reasons- The editor is honest and outspoken, and also a gentleman of great experience in agricultural and other matters interesting to farmers, and all his writings go to proye that his sole aim - is to raise the standard of farming and in every possible respect advance the interests of the tillers of the soil. ENGLISH ahd COLONIAL SENTENCES.-One canot help wondering at times, by what rule judges are guided in delivering sentences. It has been iacitiously remarked that some act I according to their lights, whilst others are guided entirely by their livers. But one thing is certain that sentences as a rule are much heavier in the colonies than in the old country. We append two paragraphs from the " Glasgow Mail" of April 18: Bridget Devine (45), of no occupation, wsb indicted at Liverpool Sessions for having, on the 3rd ult., maliciously wounded Mary Ann Duffy, wife of Patrick Duffy. The parties lived in the same house, and recently there had been some ill-feeling existing between them. On the morning in question prisoner passed through Duffy's room, and threw a quart bottle at the prosecutrix, who was struck on the head and hand, receiving suoh serious injuries that at one time it was feared that she would have lost her eyesight. Prisoner denied throwing the bottle and said that the prosecutrix was shying the bottle at her when she slipped and fell with her head upon it. The jury found the prisonor guilty and a long record of acta of violence commit, ted by her, extending over the past thirty years, having been read, she was sentenood to fifteen months' imprisonment. On Satur day, at the Bradford Spring Quarter Sessions -before Mr Gansford Bruce ?- Thomas White, described as a salesman, of King George's Square, Otley Bond, Bradford, was indicted for obtaining by false pretences two firkins of butter from Michael Fox, farmer, Ballina, and six hundred eggs from Petej Baker Clough, postmaster, Jordot), county Tipperary. The evidence showed that the prisoner had for several years pursued an extensive system of long firm frauds. He resided in a small cottage in Bradford, and his stock-in-trade consisted of a' csrefallj^ compiled directory of postmasters and producers in Ireland And other parts of the United Kingdom, and a quantity of elabor ately printed memoranda. Through the poatc&aetprs; in many instances prisoppy wag put inio communication with sellers of produce, and having led them to believe tha^ he was in a large way of business he induced j them to consign to his order considerable quantities of butter, eggs, poultry, and vegetables. Since the prisoner's arrest., ifte j police haye diverted into legitimate channels large consignments, including fifty tons t>f ] potatoes, eggs, and other products. Prisoner j was sentenced to twelye calendar month*1 ] hard labor. ] B££n$ets as BULLET "Pboois.-The j Yaqui Indians long since used tactics of | war that wpre unknown to civilised troops. | In a former uprising they were .attacked j by General Pesquerias, who was much amused to see the savages use blanket* as a sheild against ibe soldiers' bullets. Holding up a blanket at the.both ends;ap that the edge fust touch the ground, the Indian-riflemen marched boldly- towards bjm behind this apparently flimsy protec tion. The fcjetfqan (general was fQQQ al armed, however, to find that his bullets did not stop the strange adrance, and ihe moving fort of blankets 3qqu oamesoclose to htm and poured ia such a deadly "fire tbat he was fain to the field' in confu sion with great loss. The Yaquia bad become acquainted with the simple fact that while a bulletwill pass through twenty blankets strained oyeFca frame or laid against a' fftiit surface,- "it will n?t penetrate a single one if moistened;; arid fating 4ip: .sb'J as >4o i-switig< ^iea^Si^fe^tbe ground, Teo0Ble ahead. ..:;, .Af£gqf&,<^^ed. ^ittBife^infrantjed - Kjtbbinq- in all directions A pohtioalstbrm brewing. Pij^ttJHSiCT^penB to-morrow. ^irK^uestonediauppearing at last. TrMjOIO f§^'pre^ikat er«rj»here. MoBE^ddifi&Jris; to the Wallaroo Ion. P?HE^Sfajfipfa" street not finished ye*'-. FIELD" mu^h improved. 3T<50TBaiii Mutch at Wallaroo on Saturday. THE Gladstone and Cl»re papers stil! nag ging ~O0B local-volunteers -have-put in andlher _ drill. Anotheb. change in . ourlocal Railway office. , " XiANTEENT ' gone TritcT poetry oyer the - "Ministerial Volunteer." The last number of " Our Bar'* in the . Lantern" worth ; reading. Mr COOMBE rough an Mr Wadham's Mem ber, of Parliament supporters. DISTUICT,Councils springing-up in all dir ections.-Vermin ,Board scarce. New bridge at Yacka- opened on Wednes day lost by Mr J. Darling, M.P. ? It is essentially necessury to put on (races if TOU wish ahorSelo haul a cart. i The Adelaide Corporation have paid an official visit to the propossd site of the Barossa reservoir. : THE number of mules attached to tlie hearse denotes the respectability-of a funeral at B,io Janeiro. CANADA is sending a four-oar crew to England this year. These men have beaten tlie best in America. 4-N eight months' married man not con sidered to be an. authority on the pi- ice of nightgowns at Minlaton. Dr CAMPBELL has .been acting as a local member .'already, and has asked for an ad ditional Justice at Minlaton. . Mr Wadhasi says he spent many anxiouR hours before- the final result was known, and be had no doubt Mr Haeelgrove Aid the same. . MESSRS Hawker and Tlarling have asked for (he appointment of a Justice of the Peac<? for Tickera. Wot before it is needed. Thk NO. 1 -and 2 Companies (R.V.F.) Port Adelaide liavo had a sham fight, in which some amount of feeling has been dis played. The respective Captains are called on for an explanation: . Accoeding to a recent number of the "War | Cry" theNairne contingent of the Salvation Army has lost forty soldiers. Those who sec them straying are asked to lead them to the penitent form. A letter has appeared in the " Timps" from a Mohammedan newly arrived in England, expressing surprise that, although London possesses so many Mohammedans, there is' not a single mosque in the city. The lamp-house on the new jfctty is said to be occupied by a rat of a most dangerous description. Several men armed to the Vretli have reconnoitred in the vicinity, but the intruder has not yet been dispatched. , THE horses and carriages of the Duke of Connanght were sold at Meerut the other jday. Two landaus fstched £820 ; a victoria, £90; a pair of'chestnut Hungarian geldings, £300; a pair of black carriage-horses, £320 ; and three riding-horses went for £365. ' A Civil List Pension of £100 per annum has been awarded to Edward Scott Docker, Deputy Inspeetor-Greneral of Hospital*, in recognition of his discovery of the uses of ipecacuanha in the treatment of dysentry, and of his service towards Her Majesty's forces. The Editor of the "Garden and FieldJ Bays: -Very few farmers think about the extra labour put upon their horses when the plough is rusty. Let them try to cut wood with a rusty saw, and then they will obtain a slight notion of the difference between a bright clean plough and a dirty and rusty ?- one. MORE than 100 members have joined the Dunedin Women's Christian Temperance Union. ' A petition to the Legislative Council is being signed against the employment of bar maids in hotels, "as being injurious to their own morals, and also as operating as an undue incentive to the consumption ofalcholic liquors "by young men." A correspondent gives a good story of Mr Spurgeon, who lately visited San Kemo. On one occasion, when he was crossing the Italian frontier, the redoubtable preacher was ordered by the " dquaniers" to give up to them certain fruit which he was carrying. Thereupon he retired three paces iuto the French Territory, and ate it! An American paper Says :-We spend an nually in the United States the following sums: For foreign and home missions, 5,500,000 dol.; for public education, 91,000,000 dols. ; for meat, 303,000.000 dol j for bread; 505,000,000 dole. ; and for intoxi cating liquors, 944,629,581 dols. Or, in other words, more for intoxicating liquors .than for missions, eduoation, and food. It is stated that the Americans, piqued by the remarkable success of Mrs Langtry on the stage as a besauty, have started a new beauty of their own, who has }uet made her appearance on the stage. This lady, who ia one Mrs Haftie Warner, has been dubbed the " New Jersey Lily," She is not precisely in her first -youth, having been married for no less than 20 years, but is reported to be sur passingly lovely. THE deplorable result of a foolish wager has just been made public in Birmingham. It appears that a'man named Robert Smith made a bet that he could drink twelve six pennyworths of brandy. .The wager waB accepted, and both men went to a public Ihouse, where the man Smith won his bet by drinking thirteen sixpenny worths of brandy. He beosme very drunk, and was obliged to be carried home, where he died a few wingtri afterwards. Tse DEVIL's IsLlHB.-^Every river in West Africa has its " Devil's Island j" the mouth of the Fatallah (Senegiil), has one. It is entirely covered with brushwood, and the legend is, that whoever puts foot on it, will dropdown dead. Neither-native nor chris tian wonld there disembark. Close bv is a large ro«k, bare at low water. Passengers either pray or make the sign of the pross on parsing it, .as othprvyiss some Polyphemus would throw the Btono at the ship and wreck her. Aw amuBing etory ha# been told us (?' Bay of Plenty Times"), of a storekeeper going te his solicitor, who owed him an aooount for goods, and instructing him to issue a sum mons against himself. The solicitor agreed, but asked that the necessary Court fees should be paid. This was done by the plaintiff, and in due time the solicitor issued the summons and had it served upon himself. When the time came for hearing the plaintiff was aston ished to find that his solicitor had ' withdrawn the ease agains^ himself, and so let him in for all the coBts. THBATEES IN BERLIN-.-There are seventeen theatres. in Berlin, which are always open, save during a few-of-the dog-days. Each theatre has its -special kind of amassment. There it no good homogeneous troupe in any of the theatres ; only the scenery is cared for. It is ouriosity, rather than taste, that le^dg the public tb the: theatres. The citizens of Berlin, like the Athenians, always demand something new j new artistB; new plays. If a theatre <lid not bring out a'novelty eaoh Saturday at least, ' people would conclud§ that it was on the brink of bankruptcy. <3hhte«b "Sarcasm; §ome of the ordinary expressions of the Chinese are sarcastic enough. A. blustering, harmless fellow they, call a " paper tiger." When a man values himself overmuch, they compare him to " 4 rat falling into a scale and weighing himself." Overdoing a thing they call "$ ^qnpbbae^ majpog* tQ a *' roc^et going off a£ <qnce.-r Thpep w$g expend their j5h^rity/on ,TPt}?9tP;-phject8. but neglpct Jheir J§mily, speeaid to "hang a lantern on$ polet which is seen afar, but giyeg no light below," WHEBE the following little incident hap pened,-itvwpuld be imprudent, if not improper to relate, - as it might lead to the identi§cq.tjag of the worthy old lady ujore jmipediatelj con. cerne^. SJnqugh to eaythafBhe is. a highly respectable Scotch-woman, somewhat tart -of tongue, perhaps, and not stall pleased:with her hafbandV affection for whiskey. One night, wheobe had jbeen carousing at a friend's house rather longer tlian nsual, she induced her b^hef to enact ihe part of;» ghost, hop ing toTifrig^ jovial habits, . "And who ,majfyau l>e?V cahnly" inquired (he belated wayfarer, astbe 'apparatibb *ose from be'hiM'a wayside tAfch." wa8^hereplyi|T'cC6ineBWa/impht'Vrejoined Duncan, Vgfe'iA ahake 5o* ^your- han*, - rm 