PULPIT EXCHANGES. The Bev. T. J. Curtis preached in the Regent- street Presbyterian Church Sunday nighL on the subject of a recent newspaper controversy with regard to the exchange of pulpits between ministers of different denominations. The text, selected from Ephesiais, 4th chapter and 8rd verse, read as follows: "Endeavoring to keep the Unity of the Spirit iu the bond of peace." There were, the preacher said, two leading thoughts of the utmost importance suggested in the t.ext-niuuoly, the nature of true Christian Unity and the duty of Christians in regard to this unity. The text 'described it as " unity of the Spirit in tho bond of peace." The term " Unity of the Spirit " was capable of two' interpretations. First, that this "Christian Unit)'" was not of mau but of God. Thev might truly say that there was very little connection with religion .that deserved consideration ex cepting that which had been revealed by the Holy Ghost. But the term might also mean unity of heart and mind. By this iua Christian it was to be one iu regard to the essentials of religion, although there might he divergence with reference to non-essentials, such as church architecture, church order, or church govern ment. This Unity among God's people called them to the exercise of mutual love, forbear ance, brothoily kindness, charity, patience and helpfuluess. Those tilings went to constitute that glorious and strong " bond of peace " spoken .of iu the text — that u bond of peace" that encircled true Christians, binding them each to the other and all to Christ. Tho various links iu the chain binding Christians to Christ, and through him to God, the preacher commented on, and then considered the duty of Christians in regard to tliis duty. .Speaking negatively, the unity was not accomplished by each Christian sect, however much united amongst themselves, manifesting a rcpellant spirit to nil others, it was not effected by their saying to all other sects, to aft other of God's family— "Stand aloof, we arc the disciple;; of Christ ; v.e are holier than yon are, we are the Lord's family nor by their insist ing upon special tilings' as a Shlblioleth, by the mere iigment — for he could not call it by any other name — of Apostolic succession ; nor by any special form of baptism, or subscribing to any man-made articles : it was not by these menus that their duly towards one another or their God was discharged. Neither was it by the minister of one denomination reiiKing to exchange pulpits with the minister of another, or one congregation raising lmrriera between ami finding grievous fault with other congregations. He had no intention then to enter specially upon the consideration of tho question which had lately been before thorn in the 1'ress, arising out of the fact that the minis ter of the Episcopal Church and the minister of the Pre-bytorian Church conducted a children's service in connection with each other's churches, lie could only say that those who had found fault with the exchange had gone back to the old-time narrowness which prevailed in the past, and it was high time that these thingi were swept away. The duty of Christian congregations in the matter of this unity was plain, lirst of all in their own individual churches, then in tho denomination, and then in connection with other denominations. They should endeavor to work shoulder to shoulder in common enter prises for the wcll-beiug of man. It applied also to pastors. They should seek by all means to keep tho "unity of the spirit in tho bond of iieaee" amongst each other. JIow many liearL burnings, bow mauv jealousies, how many moan and shameful deeds there were between ministers of the same Christian denomination. And then outside. Let nut the ministers seek to lord it over God's heritage or to lift their heads higher than their neighbors. How dure any say of ministers of other churches—" We have apostolic succes sion ; you are a schism, you arc not ministers, yon are only the laity." But God forgive those guilty of such expressions. Surely it there was any class iu the Christian Church which should be examples to others it was the ministers ; but if the blind lead the blind both would fall into the ditch. When Ciirist was upon earth his disciples came to him and pointed out that one who was not with them was working in an irregular way and casting out devils. The Ma nor's reply was, He who was not against him was for him." But the prayer of Christ for perfect unity — "That they all may be one" — would yet be realised. It was their privilege and duty to aid by God's grace iu bringing about such consummation so devoutly to bo wished. 