THE BOI&MST.; Among the Orchids. From the San Francisco Chronicle we take the follow ing interesting remarks about the collection of ' Fashion's favourite flowers,' recently on view at the Golden Gate. Park:— 'What, 2000 dollars for that horrid thing!' exclaimed a Btylishly dresssd young lady when she was shown an awkward scrambling plant of the genus orchid, to which was tagged the still more awkward, still more scrambling appellation of OdontoglosBum citrosmum. But, '* Oh ! how perfectly loveiy . xlow caBrmmgiy exquiEiie, m ue l: Lnenesi breath, as the courteous chief of the jmik Conserva tory displayed the long, graceful racemes of the Phalenop&is; Schilleriani, whose velvety blooms of daintiest rose were perfect semblances of the idle butterfly, the dude of the insect world. These un gainly-looking orchids, when not in flower, certainly excite as little hope of aesthetic tendencies as could be well imagined, and our young lady friend might well express wonder at so large a price being paid for so « outlandisf'-looking an addition to the floral con gress, though 2000 dollars to 3000 dollars is said to be quite a usual price for new and fine varieties. However the homely adage of ' never judge a man by the coat he wears,' with slight alterations, would be entirely applicable to the flower family as to their higher kin dred of the 'gentu homo. No one would expect the gold and magenta magnificence of the gorgeous cacti from their uncouth rugged coats of venomous thorns. Still more ungainly is the rugged exterior of the long nnonrerl.fnr nmhid ' hilt when their ftPRllttfnilv pt. quLdte blossoms begin to unfold their delicate petals, ail remembrance of these imperfections vanishes, and only the dainty loveliness and delicious fragrance of the floral soul are thought of. Occasionally, though, a ' black- sheep ' prchid is found as remarkable for grotesque ugliness as its r&ce; ifl for general loveliness. It was one of the 'upside-down** varieties of the StanhopE that caused a gentleman of Teutonic ante cedents to exclaim, ?? Yell, if I see him vild in de voods I shoots him I' as he gazed upon its horny life- like body, whose yellow, fuzzy coat, all splotched with dark spots, made the huge shape very suggestive of insect monstrosity. But a tour of the few orchid houwB in this city reveals hundreds of fair and dainty forms, whose beauty, fragrance, and elegance soon bring iorgetf ulness oi the uglier visage of their grim looking relative. A few years ago a violent orchid fever Broke out among the English aristocracy, who could afford so expensive a complaint, and orchid houses became a necessary adjunct to all fashionable establishments. Disraeli, with his unequalled sar casm, made Lady Aphrodite Graf ton in the *f Yosmg Duke ' the laughing-stock of the English-speaking 'world by her ridiculous ecstasies over the subject. As is usual with such manias, one permanent good re sulted in spreading a more general knowledge and appreciation of this beautiful race of plants and giving it a permanent place among the first representatives of the floral world. This contagion finally reached America, but in rather a mild and subdued form that has never seriously affected its victims. It has been frequently supposed that the orchid was * kind of mongrel, or hybrid species of growth, whose genealogy rather resembled that of the mule which Mr. Clemens humourously describes as having *? neither pride of ancestry nor hope of posterity ;' while the great majority of people who have seen its many varieties pendant from the lichen- covered bark of fragmentary tree trunks hung in the nooks and comers of conservatories have believed it to be a parasitic growen similar to tne misuexoe, nut we ace is that the orchids are a family by themselves, one of the great primary races of plant life whose habits are unfamiliar because their homes are in distant lands of tropical dimes. Their numerous roots, -which are seen dinging to the bark or moss upon which the plant grows, de not in anywise secure .-their austen «noe from that source. Their minute tendrils fasten upon the tooth coat of the tne tadaaaSjtiaoaMh ?» the interstices of the yielding lichens for support against the wild typhoons of their southern homes, but do not penetrate to the nutriment of the ear within, their whole nourishment being taken up fr'oja the carbon elements of the atmosphere, their roots per forming the double functions of both the roots and leaves of terrestrial plants. Another very peculiat feature is the fact thai it does not grow by foruunj new layers of tissue outside of previous growth, as u the case with must of the well-known plants aai shrubs, but increases in size' by internal growth ani elongation at the summit, and there is no division ot parts, as in other plants, into pith, wood, and bark, bui its whole structure is of the ''same composition, bein| an aggregation of longitudinal threads or fibres. Thi most numerous specimens of this remarkable familj come from the matted marshes and tropical forests oi Central America, Iroin the grand slopes of the Cordil leras about the sources of thequeeniy Amazon, andfron the majestic mountains and splendid groves of India. In the Eastern cities the delicate flowers of th- orchid form one of the florists' principal attractions, and a hand or corsage bouquet is deemed quite com' monplace without several varieties of these daintj beauties. It is par excellence the favourite for gentle men's boutonnieres, a single flower making a most unique and distingue adornment for acoatlapeL Is London and New York two or three dollars is quite » common price fox a single handsome bloom, and froa the fact that the flowers retain their lustre an- brilliancy so long, they are peculiarly adapted for thif use. The few florists in this city who have devoted their attention to this plant have received ample re ward during the past two weeks of opera season, at there has been a constant and profitable demand foi orchids in the richer and more elegant bouquets, though San Franciscans are not willing to pay as higk prices as are received 'East for similar flowers. As at illustration of the great popularity of the orchids ii England, there is one firm at St Albans, near .Liver pool, who devote their whole time and 30 immense houses to the culture of thisiioral nobility. One of the most extensive and varied collections -5i this coast is that belonging to the Golden Gate Park, and which forms so notifiable a feature of the Conser vators. F. O. Vincent, the head eardener at th« park, is a recognised authority on all subjects per* taining to orchid cultivation. Among the most at* tractive specimens is the Oncidium Cavendisbianum; a lovely brilliant yellow flower, heavily speckled wit! chocolate spots, while the labelhun and rostelrun form a diminutive 'old woman,' holding a sunbonneC on her head with two brown hands, while in her lap t tiny infant gleefully- kicks its legs. It is anethei remarkable fact that very many of these flowers have some pigmy tableau of the living world represented is their painted depths. The 'Espiritu Santo,' or Holy Ghost flower, is a wonderful example of this kind, s lovely white dove resting peacefully in its heart, thur suggesting its beautiful name to the natives of Catholic Central America, whence it comes, its botanical name being Peristeria data. The BrassayoU glauca, t large elegant bloom of the faintest, daintiest green, covered with a diamond-dost shimmer, is one of the finest. The Odontoglossum eitrosmum is t delightfully odorous variety, blossoming in long grace ful Bpikes of ivory-white flowers, delicately tingej with rose, while the Odontoglossum grande, of thi same family, is popularly called *' Baby Flower,' itt pure white' flowers cradling a wee babe upon its glis* teuing petals. The Epidendron Bensonii, so-called u honour of Colonel Benson of her Majesty's service^ whose son recently died in this city, has a large ele gant blossom, and is one of the most showy. Th( Phalauiop&iB; iSchilleriana is probably the moBt beauti ful of the orchids, its flowere hanging in long pendu lous racemes and its showy blossoms of velvety laven der being especially admired for bouquet work. IU name was received from a rich Hamburg banker, wh- paid 10,000 dollars for the fixet specimen, with th( privilege of naming the variety. The phalsenopsi/ portion of the name refers to its mothlike appearance, all of this class being known as East Indian butterfly orchids, from their close resemblance to that ' dude of insect society. There are hundreds of other varie ties, all of which have their special beauties and can only be appreciated by a personal visit. 