A LADY S LETTER FROM LONDON. December 26th, 1854. Does it ever strike the pleased specta- tor of a popular play, or indeed any play, that it has a dual representation that of the story it personages, and the amount of honest hard work it has taken to put it before the public ? Does he ever think at the 100th representation that the jokes which convulse the audience have long ceased to be but aromatic utterances, and that the love, hope, agony, rage, and despair no more well up from the surcharged heart, but are mere emanations from polished brains, ghosts of their former selves. " What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba?" But they have learnt the trick of seeming well, and the shadowless ghost fetches. Mrs. Bancroft states that it is difficult above all things to teach others how to express emotion, that the mastery of emotion possessed by Sara Bernhardt and Modjeska is only the property of a few great artists, but the most common expression of tenderness is difficult to extract from a young single woman she has, as a rule, not experienced any great sorrow. The Bancroft's have succumbed to the strain of the thing, the years of hard work. the slavery of rehearsals, the early dinner hours, and general self-denial." They have elected to enjoy the fruit of their labour while yet the power of enjoyment is left to them, and doubly wise to retire while high in favour, and before crowded out by younger favourites and more novel caterers to a novel-ridden public. It was these accomplished artists who brought into fashion the present high salaries paid, and the costly mise-en-scene, and and above and beyond all,-" to have every small part in a comedy played as well as possible and after continued rehearsal " a point grievously neglected by some managements. Even more than two months has been allowed for the rehearsal of a play. Mr. Bancroft states to his Daily News interviewer that he has always set his face against the benefit system, and has never allowed the word to appear in any play bill over which he had control. He has paid the same actor many times his original salary, rising from £9 per week to £50. The highest salary he ever paid was £100 a week, with other charges and contingencies. His revival of the Merchant of Venice proved disastrous. £3,000 of their own hard-earned money was sunk in the venture. Another proof that the play going community, as a whole do not want Shakespeare. The finding of Ellen Terry, and the bringing her back to the stage, is one of the brightest recollections of these gifted artists and successful stage-managers. The book most canvassed just now is Mr. Davitt's (founder of the Land League, " Leaves from a Prison Diary, or Lectures to a Solitary Audience," his pet blackbird, which came to him soon after he entered Portland prison. A truly accomplished yellow beak, for he could fetch and carry like any well-trained dog, and pick pockets like an adept. Mr. Mr. Davitt's observations led him to re- mark that criminals, as a rule, do not carry their masters in their face. He tells us that burglars generally get 20 per cent. of their spoil, if not coin from the receiver. So a £10 note will bring but £2, while £100 worth of plate will bring £15 to £20. And amazement, if credible respectable merchants of ten owe most of their wealth to direct dealings with professional thieves. Among the company he. met were a Russian count, an-English-major-gsneral,-a 'colonel, a captain, and the heir-apparent to an earldom, but the only bona fide aristocrat of the assortment was the colonel, a fact so felt by the rest of the " precious rascals " that Mr. Davitt was greatly amused by their endeavours to equal or outdo him " in the manner of bearing which sat quite naturally upon his whole personal conduct." Many youths of good bringing up were there, perverted by such works as Blue shin, Jack Sheppard, Claud Duval, Dick Turpin, and other pernicious stuff. The freedom of the press in these isles has degenerated into the License of the Press' a powerful factor of crime. There is an amusing story of an important looking Devoid-chained English- man on the B mlevard des Italians, who was accosted by an English speaking gentlemanly-looking native with. " Would monsieur stand still opposite hat window for five seconds, to oblige a lady artist, greatly struck by his face, which shows, she says, beaucoup 33 characters." The Briton, highly flattered, consented. At the end of the five seconds he was released minus his watch. Fables, like history, repeat themselves. The gentleman had long forgotten the fox and the crow. The book also made in anecdotes and stories of crime, was graphic sketches of the actors. The second volume deals with social problems, suggested solutions, and the cause of crime. The most important cure the writer propounds is the abolition of land monopoly, a reform slowly working itself forward. " A prize of £103 has been promised to the battalion which shall be the first to enter Debbeh, and the Commander in Chief will endeavour to give the pi J of honour to the winner." So runs the proclamation of our "One General." Is glory's gate never to open but to golden keys J It seems like it. Few-and these few are to be pitied but will be wroth at this "'new departure in milit tary Tactics.'" "Ouida"' exhausts her righteous anger in verse : " What P sh VU all Ear op 3, gathered with a grin, To watch the " thin red huV creep o'er: the sand, Be told that British regiments to win Their steps to glory M at be bought and bribed ? Oil ! ye who strike at English honor's core ; Off! and insult your glorious deal no more." Never a war, petty or great, in which England bears a part, but some heroic deed stands out to mark the stuff of which the English soldier h made- it may be in the quiet persistence of some duly performed at the cost of life, or some J act as valiant as any " in the brave days of old." And, perhaps, when the prose it expedition to the Soudan has returned to these shores, many a blank will show where " hero" may be writ. Yet we grudge the young life so full of promise even more than the mature and skilled soldier. Such a young life, more than ordinarily of promise, was Frank Eager's, captain in the 33rd (Duke of Wellington's) Regiment. Captain Eager was well known in Cheltenham, where his mother resides. He was on service with the Egyptian army, and was selected by Sir Evelyn Wood to command what was at that time the most advanced detachment of the army, because, writes Sir Evelyn, " he was an excellent officer, steady in conduct, well acquainted with all his duties, energetic and full of resource. . . . He had in every way fulfilled these expectations." While at his post he was attacked by fever, but feeling the responsibility of his position, continued to work till worn out, and with no medical aid at hand, he succumbed, and died on the 25th of November, It is early death is deeply lamented by his brother officers, and many friends, by whom he was much beloved. According to Truth, the latest marriage among Her Majesty's grandchildren, that of the Princess Elizabeth of Hesse to the Russian Grand Duke Serge, has turned out unhappily. The pair have only been one six months. It was not a union of If we on the side of the Princesses says Truth. She chose her husband for his riches, having experienced in her own family the misery of keeping up appearances on inadequate means. The Grand Duke has a Russian temper. A separa- tion is imminent. The memory of the big bit of folly that for a generation impoverished the Earldom of Eglinton the great tournament-is ever and'anon revived by the death of some prominent actor in the grand spectacle. Today it is no less a personage than its Queen of Beauty, then Lady Seymour, afterwards Duchess of Somerset, the granddaughter of Richard Brinsley Sheridan, and sister of the late Lady Stirling Maxwell (Mrs. Norton) and Lady Giffard (Lady Duff ferns), both also celebrated for their beauty and their talents. Lady Seymour's' dress on the occasion of her one day's sovereignty was a robe of blue velvet with the Seymour crest embroidered # on, it in gold and silk, and a cloak of cerise velvet trimmed with gold and, ermine. Chroniclers of the day record that her Majesty looked wondrously beautiful in this brave attire. The tournament, as we all know, was spoilt by a deluge of rain, and £40,000 followed it. Fancies are expensive things, be they shows, china, or books. Of late, books have been to the front. The great libraries so recently brought to the hammer have nursed the public taste. Mr. Quaritch is the King of Booksellers-he knows the public, and he is aware that in paying £3,900 for a copy of the Mazarin Bible, and £4,950 for a vellum printed copy of a work published in 1859, he will find: some person who will indemnify him and a good sum over. If the history of the Marlborough library, now dispersed, were written, it would be found that much of the, valuable stock found its way to Blenheim House in rather an arbitrary fashion-the good old fashion "... And they should take who can 7, When the Czar Alexander visited the British Museum he expressed astonish- ment at the meagreness of the collection, saying that the Imperial possessions of a like character were far more numerous and valuable. " Yes," said the attendant official, " but, your Majesty, we have paid for ours." Napoleon the First made a foot in Europe of works of art, not for the love of art, but for the love of possession. There is, though a reverse side to purchases like Mr. Quarritch's ; sometimes an article for which a fabulous sum has been paid, is sold for a trifle after a few years. A picture painted by Maclise for £4,000 was eventually sold for £200. Blue china which recently was worth-that is to say good specimens-its weight in gold, can be bought now at a very moderate figure. 190,000 copies of Dark Days have been sold, and the demand keeps up. This is evidence that a good story will go independent of the three volume form. One volume short stories is the literature of the future. The Gil desolately published a work of Zola's as a feuilleton &t; ow franc a line-not bad pay. There were 30.000 lines, and a total sum was £1,000 this, too, Only for the newspaper production. For the Thanksgiving Supple- ment to the Graphic, Mr. G. A. Sala received a halfpenny a word. That go-ahead daily, the Pall Mall Gazette, has interviewed Nancy Wainwright, the Brontes' nurse, now an inmate of Bradford workhouse, and 82 years old. The old who man's presentment illustrates the letterpress-a severe visaged, decent old body. Nancy was twelve years old when S'JO entered on her service with the Brontes. She speaks affectionately of M. Bronte, and has many anecdotes of the family. The old woman is very indignant at Mrs. Gaskell's account of her as a wasteful servant, an aspersion cleared by her master, who on his deathbed presented Nancy with the touching, if not strictly poetic gift of a roast-jack. She once refused £5 for a letter of Charlotte's-since, sold from poverty. A sketch of Emily's log is added. Miss Emily Faithfull, with her friend Miss Robinson, has begun business in Manchester as Art Decorator, holding Art classes also. Miss Robinson went through her course in London. She has beautified many simple homes, turning everything into some use, with artistic knowledge and taste. We remember meeting a curate in Oxfoad, whose greatest delight was to receive a commission to decorate a friend's house, and ar- range his furniture. If allowed to purchase the latter, he was beautified. ?? His services were in wide request. The secession to Rome of the only son of the Bishop of Rochester, Dr. Thorold, is a severe shock to that prelate, who is one of the foremost members of the Evangelical party. The Cowley Brotherhood get the credit of the perversion, or con- version-which you will. Last Sunday week, from St. Paucras's pulpit, the vicar, Canon Spence, urged his congregation to read " Letters from Hell," a translation from the Danish, with a preface by Geo. Macdonald, and last Sunday Mr. Pigou, who occupied the pulpit, called on his' hearers to do the same. The Canon is, perhaps, a little broad in his views. Mr. Pigou is Low Church. The book has its mission-it will terrify many, and rouse attention. It makes one shudder. A song which bids fair to become very popular has just been published by Novello It is called ' E dure and Die, the words by Barry Cornwall, the music by Miss M. Skirrow. The air is decidedly original, and plaintive. The Bishop of Meath, Lord Plunket, by 470 votes, has been elected Archbishop of Dublin, in place of Dr. Trench. The Bishop of Ossory had only 82. Lord Plunket was exceedingly popular in his diocese, and will be much missed. Sa cremation has begun in Paris-but is to be confined to bodies of the un- claimed dead-and bodies given over to dissection. On the 13th January Mr. Edward Yates's appeal against his sentence of a year's imprisonment for slandering Lord Lonsdale in the World comes off. The appeal is on a point of law. Scaitdal used to be considered woman's special province it is selfish of the nobler sex to make a monopoly of the gentle art. 