DRAMATIC GOSSIP. Miss Violet (Jameron has again been play iDg'Mascotte.' Mifis De Grey left Sydney for England la the Thamea last week. ? xne pantomime ot n.lutington and his Cat' at Drury Lane cost £S5,000. A new play by Bret Harts will be produced during the summer in New York. Lady Monckton supported Madame ilod jeska in ' Adrienne Lecouvreur.' On March SO Mr. Henry Irving pave a lecture on the stage before Howard Uni versity. ' Junius' did not last long at the Princess's, and was succeeded on April 4 by a revival of the 'Silver King.'-' M. FraucisqueSarcey, the greatest dramatic critic of the day, has resigned his positiou on the XlXtime SiMe. An actor named Hodson has been com mitted for trial on a charge of having thrown oil of vitriol on his wife. Messrs. Procida Bucalossi and^ Henry Pdulton have been successful in their action against Cramer & Company. Mr. Kyrle Bellew.— ' the only' Romeo on the English stage— begins an eight months' engagement in America in September. A smart Dutchman has improved on the libretto of 'Pinafore,' and that opera has lately been given in Dutch in Pennsylvania. The Era heads a dramatic notice with the words 'A Silly Piece and Silly Players.' The piece was ' Nora,' and the players were amateurs. Mr. R. L. Stevenson, who is best known aa a writer of pure English prose, has joined with Mr. W. E. Henley m writing a drama founded on the melodrama 'Robert Macaire.' A generous playgoer in Derby did a funny thing lately. He threw a gold watch anil chain to a young lady on the stage, and then six months later wrote and asked to have it returned to him. Miss Annie Howard, the lady in question, has mentioned the circum stances of the case, with the gentleman's name, in the Era. This story is at least hen trovatoi— An ambitious young dramatist brought a five-act tragedy to a manager. 'My piece,' modestly explained the author, 'is a die/ d'oeuvre ; 1 will answer for its success, for I have con sulted the sanguinary taste of the public ; my tragedy is so tragic that all the characters are killed off at the end of the third act.' 'With whom, then,' asked the manager, ' do you carry on the action of the last two acts ?' ' With the ghosts of those who died in the third.' An unrehearsed scene (says an English paper) took place at the Grand Theatre, Leeds, on March 14, when Mr. Beverley, who was playing the Colonel, in Mr. Gar thome's company, in the comfedy of ' Impulse,' threw a book at Mr. Richards, a local critic, who was sitting in the stage box, and whose notice of his acting had given offence to Mr. Beverley. The performance was for a shoit time suspended, and, to pre vent a further scene, Mr. Richards was induced to leave the box. Mr. Lee Ander son has since written to say that the next morning Mr. Beverley amply apologized to Mr. Richards for his conduct, which he attributed to 'impulse.' A correspondent in Calcutta, writing under date March 31, says:— 'The rem nants of Emelie Melville's Company appear for the last time in opera this evening. I regret to say that out of the enormous company Miss Melville brought here none of them are in sufficient funds to clear out of Calcutta. Misses Mel ville and Minna Fischer are at present the guests of Dr. and Mrs. Ferris, a gentlemen and lady well known for their many kind actions to professionals, successful and other wise. As I at first feared, the company was far too large for Calcutta, the costumes far too extravagant, and the patronage far too small for thirty-seven souls to pay their ex penses. Some of the troupe have already been is No. 1 Chowringghee (the debtors' prison), and it may surprise many readers to know that the chief hotel in Cal cutta caused a man whose face and fame is well known throughout Aus tralia to be cast into durance vile because he could not pay his way at the time. In days gone by companies used to pay their way in Calcutta, but now I verily believe that if Irving came here he would only draw one night a week, if Patti came here she would appear once and depart, if Mary Anderson came the Calcutta public would declare they had an amateur who would out-Mary- Anderson Mary Anderson. George Rignold (rather a jump from the above noted professionals) would not have even the gallery gods to call to order. In Calcutta Italian opera has failed to pay, Emelie Melville has failed to pay, Rosa Towers and her people are doing odd jobs over India, and a comedy company after playing here a few months, went to Madras, where they have disposed of all they had to pay their way home. It may be thought that I have written the above anxious to run down Calcutta. Such is not my intention. My hope in writing this is that it may be read by all theatrical people, and that the day may never come again when first class people like Miss Emelie Melville and many of her company are stuck in Cal cutta.' The Standard has the following notice of Franz Aht, who died ou April 2:— 'Some years ago there was no song more popular in England, nor probably in all Europe, than 'When the Swallows,' and thousands who must still remember th^ beautiful melody will grieve to hear that Its composer is dead. That Franz Abt, the eminent musician to whom that charming and impressive air is due, was the equal of Schubert or of Schu mann it would be hazardons to S3sert, He was for a time, however, by his best-known' 3OHR, their equal in popularity, and his loss will be felt by all who are accustomed to carry their thoughts from the composi tion to ihe Master whd produced it. To many amateurs, however, of the present generation the works of Franz A.bt must be at least unfamiliar. He was born sixty-six years ago, and his aotivity as 3 composer seems to have ceased with his youth. _ The son of a Saxon clergyman, he was originally intended for the Church, and pursued for a time his theological studies at the University of Leipsic. But lie at the same time attended the classes ot the Leipsic Conservatorium ; and in the end his musical vocation asserted itself, and all thought of entering the Church was ibandoned. At the age of 22 he re ceived the appointment of coi'sert director at Zurich, where he produced a number of part 3ongs, chiefly for male voices. Eleven years ifterwards— in 1S52— he became assistant :onductor at the Court Theatre of Bruns wick, where he was promoted to the postl of arincipal conductor three years afterwards. His songs, which, speaking generally, are iot enough known in England, are purely rielodious— having, that is to say, but ittle reference to the meaning of the ivords. They are for the most part of a lentimental character. Many of them, too, ire in a highly patriotic strain. Although, is conductor of the musical performances at ;he Grand Ducal Theatre of Brunswick, Abt nust have superintended the production of a treat number of operas, he never seems to lave occupied himself with the composi ;ion of a lyric drama. He was, on the )ther hand, a most prolific writer of longs, part songs, and choruses. In his ;arly days he published a certain number )f pieces for the pianoforte, which, however, nade no great mark. His reputation rests ixclusively on his vocal compositions, which lumber from four to five hundred. Some ^earsago an 'Abt Album' was brought out, :ontaining a carefully made selection from ;be composer's works. Among the most ad nired of these, at least in Germany, must be :lassed the part songs which he wrote ipecially for the Mkneergesang - verein of Cologne and other - Associations of like sharacter. By works of this kind he ittained in his own country a wide popu arity.' ♦ An Irishman, addicted to telling queer stories, aid he saw a man beheaded, with his hands tied iehind him, who directly picked up his head and ut it on his shoulders in the right place. ' Ha, ia, ha 1' said a bystander, 'How couid he pick up is head when his hands were tied behind him V And sure what a purtj; fool you are !' said Pat : And couldn't he pick it up with his teeth : To nld Nick with your botheration !' A little girl joyfully assured her mother the other ay that she had found out where they made horses ; lie had seen a man finishing one. ' He was nailing n his last foot.' 