THE SKi n.mi, JUKI)AH HACKS. TO Tin: i;DJTori. frit,-Referring to the above, I desire to mil the Attention of tlic racing public to the " prudent" mnmicr in which race meetings are held in various putts of Queensland, and especially out Jundali way. 1 also vsisli to point out tlic dissension that is likely to occur nt these social gathering* through hav ing a noiiosporUraiui al tlic hend of affairs. Indeed 1 very mucb regret in having to criticise or comment upon any Juan's incom petency without I am absolutely compelled to do so in justifiable retaliation (or the wrong done unto another. Your Windoruli correspondent slated tiiat " Mr. Cropland made some rcmnrks deprecatory of the Jun dali couise, and tlic way in which niccs were caaricd out," If your correspondent lrnd stopped at that ho u-ould have been right, and "Finally the meeting dis|>crscd in most admired disorder." I should Ihivq Raid the most hbominablc disorder. What wns the principal cause of the disorder? Uead on, my master*, and you'll we. Your corres {>ondcnt continues-"on the following day, lowevcr, a meeling was cnllcd, and some more fl*z was opened." This was on tlic fiabiiulh day, bear in mind ; on a Sunday, which day "is generally regarded by orthodox people with so much sanctity. Hut jicrhnps thoy don't IkjIicvc in theology so far out as Jundah is, although tltcy go to cliuveh some times-in the evening*, lie goes oh to say or concludes with,44 'J'hc meeting was sailed in order to assure Mr. Duller, the hon. see., tbnt they strongly objected to Mr. Credlnnu's remavU«, and that they were personally well satisfied with the secretary, and hoped to see him in the same position at next meeting." " Stabbed in the dark" hopes lo see him in the saiuc posjtion at the next meeting too ; l but trusts that he will by then Ijni'egftiituti an adequate amount of knowledge that every I person bhould possess holding a position as I secretary to a racing club. Whoever heard In secretary of a racing club (upon being I asked what race was coming off) my, 4<T\vo I stone over welter weight for nge," mid when I interrogated as to the meaning of such an I assertion-in fact, I replied that such a tiling could not be. Whcrcnpnn be said, 44 Oh, more it couldn't; I sec the mistake." It's a pity he could not have seen it before. Itacing men, when they lnnUc n mistake like (his (admitting that every person is liable to err), do not take a whole day to discover how the inisconccpLion occurred. Here is another item worthy of every man's observation in connection with the turf : Whoever knew a secretary of a raeing club to demand the nomination #nud acceptance money nt the same time In a Karowcll or Consolation Han dicap? To swin up, simply because I com mented (but not impolitely) upon the incfll cicucy of the lion, secretary's knowledge on buhjcels concerning horse racing, they called a private meeting in the nbscnoc of the one they intended lu censure without giving that itcr'»ou tlvc 41 ghost i>f a clrowcc" to defend niuisclf. \Vl)vV did they call a second meet ing wlicu.luey had already been defeated in their manoeuvring ? thai was too desperate a " ktuh in (h«« ilftvt M M'fiitttlim ««> will »H»*v this lullor to bo puljlfehuJ, ] remain, Youw. fir., i<\ t: iv f>V.j hnvp 7»w« 1c suiue slight cxiicmIatioiJ« iu aliuvc.-Ku.] 