The Warren-Singer Discussion. CONTRIBUTED. At the second debate Mr. Warren said—Before entering upon the argument of a revelation to-night, I would like to know if a rational and ethical basis is admitted as existing in the universe. Because, if materialism alone exists, it will be necessary to blot out the word mind; we have no use for it; it does not represent anything. If you Bay I must begin by proving the existence of mind, I can begin BO ; I can determine and gay, "I have a mind to try and convince the gainsayer, whether he has a mina to understand it or not." As this is not challenged, I shall assume that the universe has a rational and moral basis. That will, the source of force, motion, power, authority ; that perception or mind, the power of eliminating the time, and I that sensibility or feeling, love of the beautiful, etc., tc., exiBt. These three—will, mind, sensibility—are the t nherent qualities and definite constitution of man, hese constitute him a Bpirit; a spirit made in the mage of God, having mental perception, the power of ill, and moral sensibility. Body, the physical organsm ; BOUI, the vital force tenanting the Bame ; spirit, he inherent quality or definite constitution as aforeamed. In God, will, intelligence, and power are necessarily nfinite, and eternal; in man, dependent and contingent. The world then, with a rational and moral basis, have a purpose, plan, and process, both in creation history, and the purpose will have reference to an ntelligible end. Why does the universe exist ? Where does it P and What its purposed end ? are just such as our rational and moral impulses force from s. And respect for our manhood, as the lords of creation, should keep them there until we can solve problem. With a rational and ethical starting point, it means a goal. Force, and method ; method continuous, unchanging, would not be method or a rational conception without purpose. Behind all method that has intelligible significance as method lies a plan, and on that plan lies an end—an intelligible end. The world moves—moves methodically —that is to say, it moves intelligibly, it moves somewhence, somewhere, and to something, and that something iB the purposed end of its existence. I assume then that there is, it may be far off, a Divine event, and the whole world moves towards it. And I here maintain that such event is in this way referred to in the Bible—" God, having made known unto us the mystery of His will, according to His good pleasure which He had purposed in Himself; that in the dispensations of the fulness of times He might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in Him."—EpheB. i. 9, 10. In Christ the Father is revealed; not an incident in history, but history's central figure. "And I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto Me." What have we in the world which most claims the attention of thinking men, leading on to experiment, trial, responsiveness, and reproduction ? We need not linger with the metaphysicians here, aB their work cannot be placed upon the foundations of observation and experiment. Nor need we talk with the Physicist about his materialism, for when materialism has conceived, it brings forth spiritualism. Allow to materialism its moBt radical assumption, (i.e.) the universal correlation of forces, physical, vital, intellectual, and moral, and its breath is gone. Starting here, then, I claim that the energy, actual and potential, of a virtuous human will represents somehow more power of work and resistance than the stellar system, and yet incapable of measurement in comparison with them. Let not the Agnostic, who may suppose that human liiBtory is only the outgrowth of a nebulous mist of great power, be shy of confessing that enough of that energy has now been stored in human society to give it an experience, compelling prcdominence in the (to us) phenomenal universe. If, then, the experimental centre of the universe to us as men be found in human history, where in history is it ? What fact, person, movement, or institution, has gathered, concentrated, and co-ordinated most of the forces working in society, organisingtheminto thegreateet and most lasting experience P Certainly the pre-eminence must be given to persona, and amongst persons to prophets, seers, buddahs, etc., to Christ, Mohammed, Confucius, etc. And here again, measuring not by numbers of following, but by an inexhaustible power of compelling observation, compelling the attention of the acuteet and proudest, and answering experiment of the most enterprising of modern science and forces, Christ is vindicated as chief among them all. Gravitativc force is the organism of material, vital, and social systems ; all have a centre. And Christ preeminently holds the reins of this force, and human experience is confirming His wordB, " And I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men to me." I claim, then, for Christ, the historical and ethical Christ, the experimental centre of the whole (to us) visible universe ; and that a study of His history in the relation He claims and sustains to UB, verifies the induction. A revelation from God will have reference to man's necessities, how to meet those needs, and how the intelligible end for which man and nature exist may be attained. Were God to show Himself, either for the gratification or the satisfaction of the disclosure, or to produce rapture by the splendour of a self-manifestation, this could not be the highest good. Such an unfolding would not, could not, bring about the divine purpose. The highest and best purpose will be to live in fellowhip with His universe, not to illustrate as in a picture the glories of His kingdom, but to communicate the holy energies of His nature in personal loving relation with it. Hence God in Christ, reconciling the world unto Himself, iB the revelation of God's reason and thought in the loving relationship of an elder brother, establishing in us His kingdom of righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Man's first great need will be a knowledge of himself. Know thyself, was written in letters of gold on the Temple of Delphos. God only can reveal man to himself. "Sin entered into the world, and death by sin;" and like an active leaven it permeates all classes, even those •who did not transgresB as did Adam. But " Bin is not imputed where there is no law ;" hence the timeB of the ignorance of the nations He passed over. Nevertheless law was given, good and holy law, that man might thereby know he waB a sinner ; for the good he would he did not, but that he would not he did. The law of sin waB in His fleBb, and the strength of sin was found to bo in the disposition felt to do the tiling prohibited. Hence Paul Bays, "I had not known lust except the law had said, thou shalt not covet." But law does not aid and help in Buch eort as man needs: by it Bin revives. In his ignorance he was dead, (unconficiouB) in trespasses and sin, but law makeB man alive in his rebellion. Under law sin develops itself ; it must reach its altitude, and its very enormity must be the means divine wisdom will use to destroy its power. Henee, what " law could not do, God sending His Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for Bin condemned sin in the flesh." The picture of human guilt is completed in the acta of men, average men, in the uplifted suffering Saviour of men. It is here in this tragedy the great lessons of a divine revelation are unfolded; the revelation of the wickedness of man in sharp lineB of contrast with the longsuffering love and righteousness of God. In this tragic development of itB character, sin stands condemned ; Btanda condemned by the perBon of a livinp, loving Brother dying for u?, who in the body of His fleth and through death reconciles us to the righteous, loving Father. A stronger one than the prince of the power of the air enters into that soul who looks in loving faith o the uplifted Saviour; and Christ suffuses the quickened spirit with the power of an endless life. Christ is Christianity; Christianity is a life, not a creed. Christ's whole teaching, all his dialectics, were revelations of the moral condition of the hearts of His questioners, showing man to himBelf. "By man came sin, and death by sin;" by man came also deliverance. "It became Him (God), for whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons to glory, to make the Captain of their salvation perfect through suffering." But whilst the feelings of a Divine Father will go out in almightiuess of love, still, by truth and righteousnes, and in a human form, must sin receive its death blow and be dethroned. "Lo, I come, in the volume of the book it iB written of me; I delight to do thy will, O God." It behoved Him to suffer. He completed the revelation of man to himself, by His patient endurance to the end. He dieB, but cannot be holden of death, for He knew no sin. His death was that we might share the energy of His life, and free UB from the power and condemnation of sin. Time would not permit much being said on the questions of liberty, equality, and fraternity, as provided for in righteousneBB in the Christian system. Not one moment waB spent by Mr. Singer in reply to the argument of the revelation of God in Christ. The Agnostics had been offered two affirmative propositions, but an affirmative proposition was declined; and if the Christian arguments in their affirmative are not met where does discussion come in ? About fifty minutes after the second meeting commenced a reporter appeared. He stayed a few minutes. Evidently, by his writing, the eyes of his mind and heart were not open or interested. Had a big gun only flashed in the pan there would have been a report no doubt. It might be of use, and a grace also, to remember that work worth doing is worth doing well. The public will not profit by his index finger if it is uncertain and unreliable. The attendance was large. 