I ifhe HauntM Boaidifie- Hrmfini ,•1? •» ; Wot known'to feme, •' Who a boarding-house keeperjiuite lately be came, Was troubled full sore, . - WliEn she^bttniJ-faarliODse bore, • — Ofbeinghaunted by ghosts, the unenvioblo name. When her lodgers Bbe met, . She remarked in apet-r-— " I'm sure it is only a rat or a mouse, For my laucfiord has said That we've no cause fordread, As nobody ever yet died in tbia house." But we loiters replied-^ " Tho' no one has died Iu the house, yet we're certain n ghost is about, Should the phantom you see, You will with us agree ' That this ghost if a ghost beyond ghost of a1 •. doubt." " He pomes late at night, ■ With footsteps go light; Tlio' how ho gets In we dourly can't see ; For M strong is the catch' Of your new patent latch, That to open it's really quite bam with the key." " Then he noiselessly goes. , ' On the tips of his toes To the safe 'neath the stairs aid partaken of yourdtet. Next the stairs he ascends, And his journey ing ende : ' By entering 'Number sixteen' on the quiet. " In the morn lie is gone,. ■ And to follow htm none Of us yot have been able, tho' 'tis not through j fear; '' ! For wo find, witli surprise, He b>gono when we'rise. 'lis astounding how quiok does this ghost dlsup- ; . . ;.ear!' ■ j ' Here the landlady cried— " Boyoud doubt I'll decide If this grisly old phantom duos really exist. 1 Just let me catch hold s Of his ghost-ship so bold, jj And we'll see what he thinks of my elegant fist" 3 ■ That night we kept watch, , . f Hoping to catch jj This hoary old ghost, of their trouble tin ejuseJ Soon ye heard the doo- open, i | A.od he, who'd lart spoken, J Quite suddenly in his remarks made a pause. [ Oji entering,-the ghost j Made a dart for a roast , Ofoold btef which within that meat-safe lie found, j i ' He' seemed of a feed , ! To be greatly in nood. j Baviugfioisbcd, upstairs hedid noiselessly bound, j How that landlady glared ; At that gliost I've declared. Ne'er again shall 1 see, ou this side of the tomb, (l < How with fear did we quake, ■ For our landlady's sake, As she fallowed it closely right into thoroom. Such a noiso, I declare, Then arose on the air. Ne'er did 1 hear a disturbance «o dire. 'Midst the whueks and ttie bump-, And tho cracks and the Miutcps, Wecould hear the poor gliost oryiug—" Thieves! Mutder ! l?ire 1" Theu, ere word &iul;<l hi- «pakeu, The door was thrown u|ivu, A.ud out ru-liiul the ghost ami lie fled from the house. Then Uie landlady spoke— ( t was mount I t a j l>ej— *'Yourghi>st,i,ir^l wniiciiiior n r.it or a mouse." " But an elderly priui-r. A nn>rly tinker, Who ne'er for his board liad the money to pay. When he left, his latch koy lie Kink, so 1 see He's bucnliviugou tucsiuec I turned him away." 