THE NOVELIST. A beoond LIFE.' Dtr Mrs, AIiBXaMDSB, ..xs.WboB.o O> voif- itt- ,;:i CjUtiotfcl ,.VU^V ^ * r-j"li wasmoredeeplmov^by^toiptet-, :^ tban lie antioipM^j^Altaoapli lie hadj »d for ,.je fir® IfSlIiw r^f for ber to da n ^ ^'She can never live *m Mfl ,|.nU£riit: "it >» too dreswU'. Lh a creature, and ;£uU j?f * ££ IfonlyfUefioMtsw £ has he beeii ^ll^, Sever uientioued mMeM S him ia CalcutU;;^ he tbXhen besought ojfjbis firafipfelfriWwi 23 the cheriehed home-darhng, JMvdtbe^dis S^BR^lsp»a ^S2SS55m&«5SBRai tot regret to exchange so briiluutfia.Partner So Trevor for amerebl^cli-coated civilian^; Altogether, the piriiBb MutorUe ot ,S£ flp. tart's ball had linpr^aged herself on his imagination, more especially because of the tragical termination ot hpr&rat;>fampy. . He had gone abroad soon after, hat had heard from Trevor of her marriage. And ffith a kindly hope that ehe was thus saved from the grip of, poverty and hardship, lie dismissed the subjectfrom his mind; nor did it recur to him till hU attention was attracted to the account of he; death in The Tunes. When, therefore,he (ladtufned to meet Mis. : Griffith's messenger ih&t; early spring morn* log in the JEccleston-Bquore drawihgroom, and found himself face to face with a pale, cold likeness of Miidred Carr, he was indeed startled as though one had risen from the dead. . . Bis first impression was that the girl he had seen at St. Hubert's stood before him. But he possessed natural and well-trained self-control, and preserved hiB composure, though while speaking with her he kept re peating to himself "It is impossible I-it is but a trick of imagination." Then a slight smile thrilled him with recognition, amaze* ment-almost awe I He was glad whpn she left the room, that he might think, freely. He must be mistaken 1 yet he rarely forgot a face-and Mildred Carr's was fitiUfpesh in bis memory. How came she there, in Mrs. Griffith's stately establishment! He was a blockhead-a drivelling . idipt-to heir, bo cheated by fancy! She was girl he had seen dancing at her ^iraf; DOllr buried in the nnfathotpecT!d?ptha,ofa cre vasse; and this gentle, sad~k»Saiig woman,! * had evidently i him! , -j .... - , . That did not affect the. qna&tiori;, however, fie knew his = girliat ^partner pad V hardly noticed him, th(ttt d»3iad ney^r ,heard his name. It was ah .'%ocabrdu>abr likeness that was all; buMie would watch, he would ascertain, if poBspe,';th% ^isto^ of hSsTdns woman's secretary. - .V" With increasing fainiljanfy the. conviction grew upon him that lira. Wood and the ladr vho had perished so tragically on the Her de Gi&ce; were one and the same. The occu pation of watching every minute indication of identity, of finding rare opportunities of speaking with this strange dead-alive woman, ( was absorbing -, and, from the first, Leigh re solved to impart hia discovery to none. He would keep her secret inviolably-he would not hint it to hersel£ Bat. as his interest and admiration grew, an intense longing sometimes seized him' to say-" I know yon, andlalone!" ,. '. ' Then the question of her escape gave him many an hour's thought. He- pieced to gether the possible means.'as though work-, jng out a problem, and with his keen logical intellect fie arrived at conclusions not very different from the f&ct;$, \\.. , Why she had left her husband was yet an unsolved riddle. Lei^h had had no oppor nnity to join ft loyer, who'had tired of tier, or ehe of him, or for other reasons had "parted from him, and found employment of Bome description necessary. ? There was a refinement, % delicacy,iri her manner, her wh61e bearing, that itffbyletbia conclusion, but lieigh haabad some tuitions experiences in his life, and believed that most things werepoeeibfe, -The fearshe be tayea, to ? his watchful eye. when Colonel unffith affected to recognise tier, atad the in dications of an understanding with Frank, nntil they were explained, irritated bim to a oegtee which warned ' him of 'his o^rn danger, and induced tlim to leave l*en Bogwen, only fofind -himself, again variously lln^d with the fortynieB p! n Trevor'sTjeauty,' lnough only a fnend'yacquairibmSce, and W a correspondent Leigh had. written to. mvor, making some excuse for reverting to jne subject, and asking tor* some' informs stafc of affairs In; the .prefidus tjQitrs. Welby's death. j« had received a .reply very shortly before ni 1 * complication, giving » painful «»j ? . the poor young wife's unhappiness, stating the writer's conviction that she .Jwsoneht-to'enda miserable life by the ttWdyhehodwitnesfed. ; ' ^ded thafhe' had hid ia tnelan Wiow Gribble, who was a connexion of the Welby family. ^Reflecting on this end many other topics ®ore or less linked -with it; Leigh renamed hi8rQoiQg) and Sat down to write to ««nk ^nffith,entwattag:W«ntt> report lAdy Marys " \v cluded6 ".^^ a. B*®*4 <jnhrrel," he eon ^otwgn * don t want to return to Pen Fhig^i?he i8 «<f ^0 premises." ^eh with Mildred nad thrilled d^bl» w.Jeirt*®ot^in«rJ' interest, It Was CtSia her eyes, itk her it *e4r aol pleaBtire. Her by a ^ longer her ownt it -was shared ®eertEihly in whose disposed to put full faith, destiny A°*fhus in % measure master it her of h5h' this was balanced the joy StSpniS'r-m' *hohadtSiSu* ^0"nI,M, «tat^ of exiiteni htd .*°ci,U -^.^gjdoo^e, unexpected llnk>iUi the past! And safe} Oh ! yes, he would never betray her. He had known ber from the firsthand for all these months he(had never by wordbr look harassed, hex with a hint thq,t she wka tecogmsed} Then from What crtiel detection he nad jtiat saved hee l No, there was mote* pleasure thahpain in the criaip through .whichabe,Jiad juat.,passed bulr--she wotild like to Mil all to Koo, and heat what flhfe thrinotit. ' " '' ' Mildred, still quivering from the excite ment of £hi& 'Inter vie^r, had not'moved from the spot wheire die stood whed, Leigh left her.. . Thought crbwtied 6n thought swiftly, vividlythrough her brain, wfcfeA Mrs. Leavett, havinghfeard of the wonderful event that a gentleman had asked tor i MrS. Wood,. Juia gone upstairs to see her.ttecendedihno Small alarm to learn the reSdit of this ~atartji#g occurrenoe. " .'J ."Oh!dear Koo, X have so much, to .tell foul Thfe sendet of the telegramy naa^tfr yealed himself I Qan you stay and hear wTT ",Yes, that Icattlif every soul bel6w Was, bawliiig'shooT. As Mildred told her story, condensing a8 much as possible, Mrs. Leavett's lace grew vetfjjave. ' 1 '' " w What do you think t concluded Mildred uneasily, and taking her old frieiid'6 ll'ahd in 1>d«&heh;£ n: "" ? ?' . "My flear, I don't; like it at all! It frightehs tae to 'think: that "you are' ftt the mertyj'Ib amanner of speulring.ofa man MiS astrangfer!" v " ., Y firft, hhntie, heia a very kind , good rnanT' "'. "HbW cfen you know that?. What do you know tibbiltfeitf?"J ? "Ido think he ia an honourable gentle man," returned Mildred. " Hi lias always seemed different from therest, and I am sure hewould'tiot l>et#ay me;" ? ; ? "'Well, I suppose ho gentleman would! but few men are to1 be-'trusted with power. He- tfmy be all right, or---I 'shoiild like to see him," breaking off suddenly. "So you shall: and I think you-will say he looks honest. He mil call here to morrow." " Why? What's bringing him back?" cried Mrs. Leavett suspiciously. "To let the know if Lady Mary has actually written, or is going to Pennogwen. Of course I must not return until she is safe out of the way." - « ...... *' Return 1 Oh 1 my dear young lady, don't you go back to that dreadful place, full of traps and pitfalls 1 Stay youhere with me I" 1 will think about it, dear kind old friend! and do not make yourself uneasy about Mr. Leigh. I was greatly brightened myeelf at first; but now I think be may be a good-a useful friend." Ths more Mrs. Leavett Set forth the dangers of this discovery, the more, by a natural spirit of contradiction, Mildred was disposed to believe Leigh trustworthy and generous. " Well, there is no usfe in talking," said Mra. Leavett gloomily; "what's done cannot be undone. Only, don t yon have more to do with this gentleman than yon can help. It's a curious turn-a very curious turn," con ciud#d *he «ood woman, with an ominous titaiceof the Bead.- ~ . . ""Now I most write to Mife. Griffith, and [say something about the telegram. What vanlsiyT" , ; ? " I am a poor hand to help," returned Mrs. Leavett' . > *. -".... - : Mildred rose, and setfortbher writing ma terials. - .* "I should not like to 1>reak with Mrs. Griffith," she said; - i am really ofuse to her. andLlifce her. Then/Kooie dear, it is delighttalto earn money, instead of spending my*, little capital -II am safer with Mrs. Griffith than I v oould be almost anywhere .else." ; " Maybe so; but I wish to God your own brother were' here to take care of you! There I I mustn't spend my time talking any more I" After much thought, Mildred simply in formed Mrs. Griffith that it was necessary for her to see a gentleman who had some important information to give her, and who would be but a short time in town. " There is a little truth in that," she thought, as Bbe paused; and then added that she mignt be detained a week, or even more. " How weak," she mnsed, as she closed her letter. "How weak I am to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel! I strive to keep down right falsehood ont of my letter, and yet my Whole life is a deception. Shall I ever dare to be myself ? It is pleasant to think that Mr. Leigh, at least, knows who I really am. What harm can possibly arise from his sharing my secret ? Poor Koo is too fright ened about me." It was with tremulous excitement that Mildred awaited Leigh's coming She longed yet dreaded to tell nim her story. She saw that he considered her conduct in leaving her husband inexplicable, and She wanted to exculpate herself in his eyfes bo far as she 'could.'1 " ' Y . . . She bad, & strong Wish to makeafriend of hiiiiT)m invprfatne grave respectful polite ness wop her confidence. Perhaps. he would be a friend-aetay to her. , " *"/' She instinctively endeavoured to make the sittingrbom look pretty, despatching Dick to get,some flowers; but of her own appear ance she did not think, or only bow Bhe pould;l>est mate It severely simple, rigidly unornamental: ; .... . It was not till the afternoon that Leigh made his appearance. * . , ? . "I had lioped for a letter froto Frank Griffith," he said after they had exchanged greetings, as lie drew a chair facing the Bofa, into a corner of which Mildred had niched herself, thinking hotv strange it seemed that Brian Leigh, the great Mrs. Gtilth's favour ite kinsman, should be visiting her as a friend and equal. " So I waited for the midday post lam sorry I have nothing to report from Pennogyven ; but I . thought you would expect me in any caSK. " * __ " Oh yes, I have teen expecting you. Mr. Griffith xtf'l write, Tvill he nott I am so anxious to knbw "about Lady Mary. , . ' . .' He will write without fail, Of courpe he canhct imagine how anxiously Tfrejwe waiting for his letter."- . , r , , liiere was a short pause-Leigh, thinking; how he could bpst bring her to 'speak of ner wonderful escape, while her thoughts were " I wonder how it was I forgot so com pletely," said Mildred at length, looking at him with the uttei; Absence oE Bclf-conscious ness Which was peculiar to her. ? Even now j do not recall your face, but your voice ilways had a certain familiarity.'. _ "I quite understand it," returned Leigh, with a smile. " My pleasant friend Trevor overehadowed (me,.and you never heard my name." ' . : .' Was Captain Trevor a friend of j'ounJV *' Yes; his is i relation of Colonel Griffith, and Frank, on the JJgerton side. It was with him I met yotir brother." , "Sow much I liked Ca^tfcm Trevor! He "was^otnoS to mfc" " He is a good fellow. I had a letter from I'hhn about Vthreb 1 wrfelra ago. He : baa met yonrfeother frequently ;; and Trevor says he seems totting on «8Tpita!!y. He is with a Mr. GriBbl^'' i 1 ' " Yea, I know him well. He was a true friend; but lor him I should not be here now." - " Then does he, know ©£"-a alight hesita ~ °'your escape." Oh no; T dar^not tell him. He would pe angry with me. I Wanted him to help me in obtaining reparation, but be would not near 'of it" ' She ityssed jm& teanmed with heightened-oolpur; tad lOtfklng down at & tassel of the sofa cushion, which she drew through her hand over and over again, heir voice growing unsteady as'fehe .Spoke. J.' I often think With pain and humiliation thrift I Bhould seem a faithless unprincipled woman if people kngftrl had deserted tw htisband in so extraordinary a manner. . And'i; know I have..done wrong. But it wa$ j£rarible life! no one knows how terrible.' and. de grading. . And Mr.Welby was "hopeless. Every day was anignoble.martyrdpm I When I married I liked nim. I ffoould have grown to love him welt.for I'wta grateful; but he killed tny affection. He was so cruel to thbSe f loved,! * Still, 1.'would not harm him.: It is pot' hatj&jl; I feel; only dis She shuddered1 visibly growing sud denly pale and calm, stiedropped the tas sel, clasped her hands upon her knee, and raising her eyes steadily to his, said, "I know I have, done wrong. I ntiv ready in all humility pbear the conseififences; but I do not repent " I would do thfc same deed again were it before me." 11 1 "Tiie^imishmentia'bittcri*,retutnefl Leigh, looking into-her eyes with^rave;Bytnp!ithy. " It is social death. What a destiny for a creature like you ! Tell me (you Will jraYdon my asking, as yon said yon would so far confide in me) how jroii managed to avoid detection when you. seemed to fall into the crevasse.1 I have heard the particulars second-hand from Prank Griffith1, who was Trevor's great chiim, arid who, by-tbe-way, but for a sprained ank'lej Would have been with Trevor and your party on that memor able occasion." ? " How strange !" cried Mildred, growing more at ease now that the subject of her apparent death "had been opened up. " Aa to my escape, - there was 'really1 only one dangerous moment, when.I rushed from the edge of the crevasse to hide among the stones of the' moraine. After that,', no one thought of looking for me." " How did the idea occur to youf* " I had been thinking night ana day from the time Mr. Gribble left for .India how I could escape from Mr. Welbj)r I was ready to dare anything eave deattr to accomplish this. I had not the courage to kill myself. Nearly a wfeek before7 \fe attempted tlje ascent to the ' Jardin/ we had luncheon at Montanviert, where theexpedition was planned. Mr. Welby was reluctant to go; and in persuading him and talking over the difficulties, Jacques Dorrand,- the guide, described the crevasse aftd'thesnow bridge over it Thenl dfcw toy Chance." She proceeded to«xplaSn the circumstances, as she had' formerly detailed them to Mrs. Leavett, in a low, quiet tone, her hands generally clasped -upon her knee; sometimes when more deeply mo ved- rising slight im pressive gesticulation. ; ' Leigh listened with all his souL It Was almost impossible to -realise -that a spirit bo daring, so enduring,, could be imprisoned in a frame slight, delicate, supple,. like' the girlish creature now pouring^ouTher strange tale with such utter trust' in his sympathy and honour. Not a change of expression, not an inflection of voice oriyarying tinge of colour-escaped him." . " ft is the iqps.t extraordinary.6tory I have ever heard," said Leigh, with a quick sigh, when she ceased to speak. " I <Jo not see how it is to eqd ; even if not recognised (and that you have eica^ed recognition so long is marvellous), the'life of Suppression before yon is not to be contemplated. It is impos sible ! Let me beg of you to think eeekmsly of communicating iwith your brother. He ought to return, to protect you : to secure yonr separation from that-that -brute Welby !" "Oh -no,',nO f- cried Mildajjl, shrinking with repugnance. " Do you nofunderstand ?" Arthur is poor: he depends on Mr. Gribble, and Mr. Gribble was strongly opposed to any separation; moreover, I have used the money he left me, Sndoing the very thing be would disapprove; No, I Cannot write, to him ; but were he to come to England I would gladly-oh, how gladly !-speak to him." " I must not press my counsels on you, until I have proved myself worthy of being a counsellor," returned Leigh, seeing she was somewhat exhausted, and not able to bear the prospect of further trials just then. " Do you stilUhink of retnrning.to Pennogweq '!" " Yes ! Why ? Do you think I ought not to go on living there under false pretences ?" cried Mildred. " By. no means ! Yon honestly perform the duties you have undertaken; your own difficulties in no way affect your position with Mrs. Griffith, to whom yon are a great com fort, while I believe yoa are as safe there as you can be anywhere." ? " I am glad you think so ; for my employ ment with Mrs. Griffith has been a boon to me in many ways. It draws me from myself, it enables me to be pelf- supporting ; and had I not been with her I should not have met j/out" she added with a smile,; so sad, so sweet, so entirely unconscious, that it sent a strange thrill of intense feeling, put pity, part fire, shivering through Vim; for though I was terrified at first to find you knew'me, it is very, very delightful to talk of the past-to be my own self for a little while," she concluded. , ' . "And you belieTe, I trust, that your secret is as safe with the as with yourself," replied Leigh, in lowiearaett tones. '. Ah, yes 1 I am sure you are' true and loyal!" . After a short .pau*e he- resumed the con versation by an alluiion. to Frank/Griffith's affairsj and then Mildred bethought her of Mrs. Leavett's desire to see the man of whose participation in the secret " of her dear young lady'« life she was so jealous. Having, therefore, exchanged a few sentences on the subject oi the knbnymoiis letters, Mil dred said: ' " 1 . . "I should like tos introduce yon to.my good ' auht,' whose sheltering kindness has taade existence tinder ,bay "circumstances pos sible." , i " Mrs. Le&vett; 1" me8 Leigh, " I Bhould greatly like to see her. . Mildred accordingly rang, aftd asked if her aunt wasdiserigbgca{Mdif she would come to the drawingroom. ' Mrs. Leavetti in preparation for this sum mons, had put on tier l»pt govrn: and there fore had only to report the latge apron by which Bhe protected it wtileinthe shop, when Mildred's message readied her; and Bhe speedily made her appearance-a type of solid respectability. ... She dropped a slight .cprts^y as Leigh rose courteously to receive ;ler ; while Mildred said: . . ' ' *f ' J> " I wished you, dertc. auntie,. to see a gentleman who knew dy brother-who has seen my motherhetl voice faltered a little-" and who terMUbirs my nnh&ppy; eelf. This, Mt Leigh, i ciy best and only friend!" . , Leigh bowed. - . . *-. ,, . . .' My young lady eoret - needs friendB-true friends," said Mrs. Leavett sternly, with a penetrating glance at the stranger. " She does ! acid l am Bare you will agree with me in thinking hefcbest- heronly plan -iB to let her brother know shfe if still ali^e, aadto^kimhipptotection.'' - < ' " There now 1 Didn't I always tell yon so, Mrs. Wood, my dear I And here's a gentleman as knows the world a deal better than.a plain; hard-working woman likenie, Sajs the, sjime.", - , . , ' "r long, yet dread, to follow you? advice^" said Mildred. " Whyshould 1 trouble anyone? I feel as if 1 had forfeited the right to ask for protection." - " That- ig being ft little morbid, lire. Wood." " . , " Indeed, my dear young lady, thai Is just nonsense ! Because you broke away £rom a cruel life, and the worst of bad treatment, isn't your own brother to look after you f Wouldn't lie be ready to do it; too ?' . " There, can be no doubt of Jthat, I imagine," added Leigh. " How deeply grate ful he would be to snow that his sister has found refuge with so faithful a friend as Mrs. Leavett I" * _ " Ah 1 I wish she would take your advice, sir." " Do not uree me now. I must think-I must-consider, returned Mildred. . She was white and tremulous. Her con versation wit}» Leigh had excited her, and the reaction .toad set in. " I will hot trespass ujori you tiny longer," fie said, -perceivings tins.' " You- may rest assured I shall let you know directly 1 ha<te any news frOm Tennogwen. Frank is .roost probably writing to me to day. If I have nis letter to-morrow I shajl' firing it tt) you in the afternoon'. So for the present £ood morning," taVing up Iris hat. " GboA-morn ing, Mrs. Leavett! Mtftfrefl held out her hand, which he took, and bowed over with the most profound re spect [ " Well, Koo V' said Mildred, sinking again into her corner of the sofa as the door closed on her new friend. " Well, my dear!" repeated Mrs. Leavett, looking after the visitor.' " I really believe he is a gentleman, and an honest man. He seemed quite in earnest about writ ing to your brother. That looked well still " She stopped abruptly. " Still what? O wise and prudent auntie!" " Still, don't you let him come here too often. You see, my dear young lady, though you are equal to the best of them, you don't seem so now: and if a gentleman like that (and he is a regular tip-top gentleman) comes to a poor place like this-comes fre quent, I mean- people will talk." " I suppose it would seem incongruous," returned Mildred thoughtfully. " But it can onto be for a few days; as soon as Lady Maty is safe across the Channel I shall re tun^ to Pennogwen." " And this Mr. Leigh, is be going bade too?" " I am not sore-I think so." 'Vrhen I hope he will be carefnl and not notice you too much." He never does notice me," said Mildred. Then, with a deep sigh, " I feet -such a poor .insubstantial ghost, that it seems strange anyone should .consider the ordinary rules of social life applicable to me. I don't seem to myself like other people." The expected letter from Frank Griffith duly readied his cousin next morning, and in the afternoon Leigh drove np in a hansom, laden with books ana flowers. He noticed that Mildred looked brighter, as if she had Tested well It seemed quite natural to see Brian Leigh enter the room on this third'visit; and he, too, felt as he were in his right when he ascended the stairs at Mrs. Leavett's humble dwelling. " I have brought Frank's letter/' he said, aftergreetings were exchanged, whiie Miidred, having received the flowers with warm thanks and sparkling eyes, busied herself putting them temporarily in water; "it may amuse you. Lady Mary appears to make her self at home. He says :-1 My mother has not been quite so welL I believe she is simply upset by the loss of Mrs. Wood: and the result is trying to everyone. Lady Mary Dacre wrote, as you told me she intended doing, and, having requested a-telegram in reply, arrived the next day. ' When Gieek meets Greek,' &c.; The discussions-to use the mildest terms- between her and Mrs. Egerton are very lively. She has allied her self with Gwen Ferrers, land between them they make it rather hot for the wandering widow. Godfrey is the object of much deli cate attention' from Lady M., who cannot quite renounce Jier 'killing* ways. He is, however, quite impervious. Lady Mary talks of staying till the 20th, but is, I think, open to solicitations. I will keep you Informed of her movements. I am acting as secretary pro tern.* and am going to write to Mrs. Wood myself to entreat her to come back. I did not know how necessary she had become to my mother till Bhe was absent We must keep her at any cost And what a trump she has been to me!' There, Mrs. Wool!" said Leigh, folding up his letter. " Now is your time to make unlimited de mands." Mildred smiled, and then grew quickly grave; . "It is cheering to think I am of use. But I fear Lady Mary is going to make a long stay." *. Atc yon anxious to return to Tennog wen?" *' I shall be pleased to be with Mrs. Griffith again, but my anxiety is about Lady Mary. I shall not feel safe while she is in Eng land." "You may depend on my keeping you informed of her movements. She must re turn, I believe, before the end of August; she is going to settle her family in Borne for the winter; at present they are somewhere in Switzerland, Once away, she is safe for six or eight months; so pray do not keep yourself imprisoned on that account - I shall know when she is in town again. . I don't believe you have been out of the house since you came to town." " No, 1 have not; but I do not mind keep ing indoors." r,It is very bad for your nerves: you will grow depressed " He stopped abruptly. It was desperately tempting to propose an expedition to some of the delightful environs of London: very safe, too-for almost every one ' was ont of town.' How charming it would be! But Leigh resisted stoutly: and "before he could continue his speech, Mildred replied: " You are right! I will ask Mrs. Leavett a boy to come out with me this evening; we can go into Battersea-park. where I am sure not to meet anyone mo will recognise me." "Pray do! You" most miss the air and exercise yon had at Pennogwen; and, Mrs. Wood, I have brought yon some books, aft I don't fancy yon have many here-and to be without bookB is destitution indeed:" " You are very good 1 I find it such an In finite relief to forget mjreeK in & book. Are there any of yourown writtng^moagtheBel" "No; I have never written a book." ; "An yon going to stay much longer'in town/" " Only till Lady Mary is clear off." , . "What 1" cried Mildred, struck, by .bia reply, which he spoke without reflecting. "Are you indeed staying henvat this oh seasonable BSaaon, for my sake V , "I should willingly do so: bat I have also some business to attend to, scud Leigh, re collecting himself. Then, with commendable prudence, he «ot short his visit, tearing Mildred wonderfully cheered by the conviction that she had won a friend who was so admirably fitted to keep watch and ward against the outer world. The ten days which ensued, while 'Lady Mary kept possession of Pennogwen, were brighter than any Mildred had ever hoj>ed .to spend wain. 'Leigh came frequently with re ports of the proceedings at' his kinswoman's abode, but he was careful not to slay too long. Even in these short interviews they found much that was interesting^ to talk about; once or twice he "forgot the time in an animated discussion about one of the books he had lent her-otherwise he was guarded, and self:ruling. . At length a morning came when he arrived earlier than usual; and sis soon as Mildred came; into the room, he exclaimed without any preface She will arrive this evening-Lady Mary, I mean! I am to dine with her at Charin£ cross", and shall see "her e&fe; awa^ to-morrow morning., I shall let you know whqn she is | Actually off. in time to post a letter to Mjrs. Griffith, ana yoh can fir, your own timeHo go down to,Pennogwen.",- .' . '- V . '" Thank you. Oh, thank you! Yott have saved me." "Then you will be at home all day .to morrow, Mrs. Wood ? ? ? For I' nm itot «ure wheal can call." . J " Yes! I shall nbtstir out" * * ' * , " Lady Mary was quite touched and flattered by the.kind attentions of hei old'ftdmirefr, Brian Leigh. . , At dinner he was peculiarly agreeable, and regretted that business of the most particular and private nature prevented his returning to Pennogwen while she was there. Next morning he was not only at the station tosay good-bye, but at the last moment took a return ticket, accompanied her to Dover, and finally waved his last farewell from the end of the Admiralty Pier-having in the most friendly manner begged of her to keep him informed of her doings, and to allow him to send her a little London news from time to time. At 4 o'clock he presented himself in Morton street "Now, Mrs. Wood, you may write y»ur letter. I have seen the enemy in lull retreat across the Channel. What day shall yon fix for your return?" " A couple of days will make no great dif ference. 1 shall Bay Saturday." "Very well. I go to-morrow morning; I want to get back to my work. If yon write now, I can post your letter in time lor the evening mail" \- Leigh rose as he spoke, and paced slowly in silence to and fro, coming to a stand by tha table, and taking up a book at which he looked, while Mildred wrote a few lines to Mrs. Griffith. "I have always forgotten to tell you how terribly frightened I was by Colonel Griffith's insinuation that he knew me or had seen me before," said Mildred, suddenly^ookihg up from her letter, "-you relieved my mind a good deal; still, at times thrills of dread steal through me." "You need not fear; he has not the smallest clue to your identity. I only regret you ever permitted him to see your fear." "But did he? I thought-at least I tried to presents brave, steady front to the foe." " You have shown wonderful plnck, Mrs. Wood ; nevertheless, there is something electric in the way truth is recognised. You were afraid, and Colonel Griffith felt it; you must now coolly defy hiin." Mildred shuddered slightly. "I have a sort of unreasoning dread of him," she «aid. " I wish he would leave Pennogwen 1" " He has made an unusually Itong stay; it is high time for him to go." Mildred did not reply; she was writing. " I have such tin objection to write ipf false name," she said presently ; "still, I must. My only correspondent is Mrs. Leavett-for her 'Mildred' is enough ; but to Mrs. Griffith I mast put it in fall." " I almost wonder you did not change your Christian name also." " I thought of doing so, but could not That name is the one bit of my old-my first life left to me-the name I was called in my home. No, I could not renounce it, nor need anyone know it; no one will want to call me by my Christian'name." There was a pause. " 1 have had-two letters from Miss Ferrers, and one from Mr. Griffith, all entreating and commanding my return," said Mildred, with a smile, assneclosed her envelope; " I ought to be flattered." " Yes! you have made yourself very essen tial to Mrs. Griffith; but she is whimsical a trifle may turn her against yon." He paused. "In any cape». I suppose you are sure of a shelter here!" "Yes, quite sure." "Good-bye, Mrs. Wood! As We shall have few opportunities of speaking together at Pennogwen, let toe beg you to think of writing to your brother ; I see no other means of deliverance for you. And," taking her hand in his gently, " may I hope that you will not hesitate to make use of me as seems best in your eyes?" 