The Number Seven. ————♦———— When God created the world He rested on the 7th day. There are 7 days in the week, 7 letters in the name of Jehova, 7 syllables in the Mohammedan formula of prayer la ill Allah ill Allah. Everyone is familiar with the 7 fat and 7 lean kine, the 7 fruitful and 7 barren ears of corn, 7 years of plenty and 7 years of famine. Jacob served 7 years for Rachel, and was cheated with Leah, and served another 7 years and received his reward. Seven days he was followed by Laban his father- in-law. When Jacob died his son Joseph lamented for him 7 days. Every 7th year the Israelites permitted their fields to re- main idle and untilled ; this was called the 'Sabbatical year.' At the seige of Jericho 7 priests, with 7 trumpets, went round the walls of the city, and at the 7th blast the wall fell. Seven times in 10 years were the Israelites held captive in Babylon. Seven times ten Hebrew scholars translated the Old Testament into Greek for the Alexandrian Library. There are 7 times ten members of the High Council of Jerusalem, not counting the high priests. When Peter asked, ' Lord how oft shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him ? till seven times ? Jesus replied, ' I say not unto thee 7 times, but until seventy times 7. ' A just man falleth seven times and riseth up again.'—PROV. xxiv., 16. ''When this enemy speaketh fair, be- lieve him not, for there are 7 abomina- tions in his heart.—PROV. xxvi., 25. There are 7 attributes of the Almighty, 7 gifts of the Holy Ghost, 7 psalms of pen- ance, 7 supplications in the Lord's prayer, 7 words of the cross ; the Roman Catholic Church has seven sacraments. In the book of Revelation there are 7 angels with 7 golden chalices, filled with divine wrath ; also 7 lamps with 7 flames are mentioned there. Who does not know of the 7 sleepers. The seven youthful Christian martyrs, who escaped in a cavern near Ephesus and fell asleep, and slumbered undisturbed for 200 years ? There are seven wonders of the world. 7 wise men of Greece. Mohammedans' paradise contains 7 heavens. Rome has been governed by 7 kings, like- wise Prussia, for the 7th is now the Emperor Wilhelm. During the 7 years war under Fredrick II. history mentions 7 important battles. The war in Spain between the Carlists and Christians lasted seven years. The Franco-Prussian war lasted 7 months, and the 7th regiment was the first to distinguish itself. On the 28th (4 times 7) of September, 1870, Strasburg surrendered ; on the 28th October, Metz ; and on the 28th January, 1871, Paris. Rome is built on 7 hills ; so are Constantinople, Nurremburg, Ham- burg, and Lisbon. Ancient Thebes, also Athens, Bagdad, and Morocco, each had 7 gates. Seven cities claimed the honor of being Homer's birthplace. There were 7 steps leading to the tomb of Darius, the Persian king ; 7 steps to Solomon's throne ; 7 arms or branches to the lamp in the Temple of Jerusalem ; 7 wicks in the perpetual lamp (eternal flame) to the rites of the Greek Church. The river Nile has 7 mouths. There are 7 Canary Islands, 7 Ionian Islands, 7 colours in the rainbow ; there are 7 tones in the musical scale, 7 precious metals. Pleiades, one of the most beautiful con- stellations, numbers 7 stars. There are 7 cardinal virtues ; three of these are Faith, Hope, and Charity, and the greatest of these is Charity." The Duke of Wellington had 7 marshall staffs. The Pope is priest of 7 churches. The human head has 7 openings. The entrance to the celebrated dome at Cologne has 7 pillars set upon 7 pedestals surmounted by 7 statues. 