Sporting Mems. | The Victorian Racing CJub received £4000 bookmakers' fees last year. - « ; . New- South Waleg won. the; football match against Victoria at Melbourne, July 16. Powell and Hall are matched at Sydney to box for £50 to £100 aside within six weeks; xi-euueiib ami jjauy .hlsjuiiUii to <), were first and second in the National Maiden Steeple chase, 2 miles; 5.23. Melton's win in the English Derby, meant a loss of £470,000 to the British arid" Ainerican bookmakers. The Melbourne Scotch footballers; de- feated the New South Wales Association pliers by three goals and points. Roweil, the English walker, - is " wurtH- £16,000. O'Leary, who was once worth £30,000,' dabbled in stocks and lost it all. - ' : 1 Hipp ogr iff, 4 to 1, easily won the Maiden; Hurdle at Fiemington, 2 miles, in 4.3. ' See Breeze and Dunstan were second and third. " " Morrison, a Geelong footballer; now studying medicine at Edinburgh, has won' the title of champion amateur athlete of Scotland. Mr. A. R. Inglis, killing his eleven birds, is the winner of the Victorian Champion prize; Nine others killed 10 birds out of the eleven. Corrigan scored again July 28, at the Victorian Steeplechase meeting, winning the Maiden Hurdle, and the Grand National Steeple. Malone', the Champion sprinter, has' deslocat-ed his nnkle while at hurling. We thought you could only get your skull dislocated at hurling. We're learning by degrees. In the great match, M.C.C., against Yorkshire, Gunn scored 240, and Barnes 140, not out, tall scoring against such bowlers as Peate, Peel, Ulyett, Emmett, and Bates. £500 was the value of the .Victorian Waterloo Cup, won July 18, by Rhodanthe (50 to 1 chance), and £200 for second, won by Siesta. All the good dogs were out of sorts. The Queensland sporting trouble appears in a fair way of settlement. A conference of all turf clubs is to be held August 21. Had this been done earlier, things would be going on straight now. W. G. Grace, in the match M.C.C., against Notts, scored 63, the highest of match, and took 16 wickets — the best Notts bats, for 60 runs. Seven wickets for 40 runs in the first, and 9 for. "20 in the second. Twelve horses fell at the Fiemington Steeplechase meetings, but none of the riders were seriously hurt. Three horses came down together atone fence, and; in one race, the steeple, eight horseB came to grief. Plausible and The Ghost fought a great battle for the one;mile event at Fiemington, July 18, and the latter won by three-quarters of a head. Both started at 10 to 1, the favourite, Favour, 5 to 1 being nowhere — not placed. Time, 1 mile,- 1-48$. Rhodanthe won the Victorian Waterloo Coursing Cup ; Siesta, the New South Wales dog being runner up." When the two were closely oompeting with the hare, a third greyhound was let loose, . and made the closing affair a matter of doubt. Influence of the ring 1 Hall, a young English lad, boxed Law- son, an experienced hard-headed nigger, to a draw at Sydney, recently. You'd take Hall in.the streets to be a simple country youth ; with his hands up, however, you'd fancy you were marohing ori the bristling front of a British square. Ohene won the Waterloo Coursing Purse, and Red Hind the Plate. The letting loose of a third greyhound : at the final moment of the: Gup contest is causing any amount of talk, and the dog having been sold, on the ground by auction, a few minutes before by the secretary. ' Whistler, the American ichampion, wrestles Thomas, of Melbourne, August 6, for £200. It is satisfactory to find wrestling superseding boxing. Whistler says he will be prepared to meet Miller or Dinnie," after he settles Thomas, for £250 aside, at catch-as-catch- can. Good! Well, we'll stand by the Australian — Miller. Miller meets Donald Dinnie again, at Melbourne, 1st August, in a wrestling match for £200. It ought to be the finest exhibition of athletics ever seen in Australia. It will be re membered that the last time, Miller broke his ankle in the final straggle with Dinnie. We pre dict a win for the Australian, Miller. In the Grand National Hurdle, Fleming- ton, July 18, the favourite, Sheet Anchor, ridden by Corrigan, 5 to 4, was badly beaten. The Agent, 4 to 1 being second, and Cockboat, 20 to 1, third. The Agent was splendidly ridden. Star, Tantaliser, and Omadhann came down, the rider of Tantaliser receiving concussion of the brain. Time, for 3 miles, 6m. Jsec. Following are the latest lines actually booked : — V.R.C. Derby— 1000 to 120 on the field ; 100 Dunlop, 60 Isonomy. Caulfield Cup :— 1000 to 20 Claptrap, Lucky Hit, 25 Anchorite, 10 King of the Gypsies, 20 Vergy, 20 Hurricane, 13 Vidette. Melbourne Cup : — 5000 to 150 Coronet, 100 Prometheus and 100 St. John ; 3000 to 60 Warrick, 90 Sardius, 90 Nordenfeldt, 50 Mozart ; 2000 to 20 Willeroo, 30 Impulse, 50 Honeydew, 40 Velocipide. In doubles — the first horses are New- stead, Monte Christo, Nordenfeldt, Uralla and Thunderbolt. The Grand National Steeple on July 18th, was a grand run, and was won by Corrigan, on Wymlet, by sheer good horsemanship. Eight horses and riders came to grief. Wymlet lOst. 41b. was first ; Sailor 9st. 101b., second, and Denmark 12st. 111b. third. At the third jump Granville came down, and on the second ronnd Mernder, Moon light and Morven. Then Forrester fell, while at the home side fence Leo and Progress came to grief. Native then assumed the lead, but the last fence brought him down. Denmark was overhauled by Wymlet and the Sailor, the former of which won by five lengths, Sailor and Denmark next — nothing else finishing. Time for the three miles, 7m. 19| see. Student (Cree), and Flamborough (Corrigan). were first and second for the Selling Hurdle, and the winner was bought in for 140 sovereigns. The race for the English Derby is thus described : — " It was some minutes before Custance could arrange his field in line to his own satisfac tion, owing principally to the fractiousness of She raton and Xaintrailles ; but after several breaks . away the twelve competitors were at length dis patched to an excellent Btart. On settling down Royal Hampton, on the top ground, forged ahead, and went on slightly in. advance, of Sheraton and Grafton. Then came Xaintrailles, Kingwobd, and Red Ruiri, almost abreast, clear of; Paradox- arid Lu-- miliary, while Esterling at their; heels held., a- dis-- tinct advantage over Lynette colt, Chdubra, . and Melton, the last- named bringing rip the rear. At lhe top of the hill Royal Hampton led by a length from Sheraton, Red Ruin now going on third, followed at short intervals by Luminary, Xaintrailles, Para dox, and Crafton. Melton was still in the rearward division two lengths off, with Kingwood and Ester- ling. Descending the hill Royal Hampton began to come back to his horses, and before the famous and dangerous corner was reached Sheraton, Red Ruin, and Xaintrailles'had caught" ahd passed him." Pre sently Sheraton gave "Way to Luminary, who for the moment showed a bold front, Melton meanwhile drawing slightly nearer to the leaders. As the last curve was negotiated Xaintrailles assumed the com mand, and came first into the straight, closely at'-' tended by Red Ruin, Paradox, and Luminary, with Rojal Hampton wide on the outside, clear of Melton. Enthusiastic shouts were now raised by the backers' of the French horse, who -.had been: going splendidly up to this point, but scarcely had they begun to invoke his name when he began to show signs of distress, and Barrett's utmost efforts wero powerless to enable him to keep his place alongside Paradox when Kingsclere colt challenged. .Further and further did Paradox draw away, and his victory seemed well assured until Melton, coming with a rush, drew into second place. Inch by inch Melton crept up, but despite Archer's utmost en deavours the bell was reached and passed before Lord Hasting's colt could get on terms with Para dox. The race home from this point was one of the finest witnessed. Both horBes answered gamely to every call made upon them, and the finish was so close that until Melton's number was hoisted no one but the man in the box could with certainty say which was the' winner. As it was, Paradox was beaten a head, while- Royal Hampton, who was rid- den out for a place, was an indifferent third. Then at lengthy intervals came Xaintrailles fourth,1 Craf ton fifth, Sheraton sixth, Red Ruin seventh, Lumi nary eighth, Kingwood ninth, Lynette colt next, and Esterling and Choubra -last. The time of the race, was 2 min. 44i: sec , or 2 see.' faster, than last year. The value of -the.'stakos was .£4,525-:-£75 less than last year. The inland sporting public will be pleased to hear that Mr. Johnny Soiomon the well known Sydney metallician has taken over the Gaiety Theatre from September, and he intends on a: liberal expenduture, .to completely alter, and renovate it, making the Gaiety one of the snuggest and prettiest theatres south of the line. Mr. Solo mon will personally look after the management of the theatre, securing the best procurable talent in drama opera bouffe and variety entertainment, as was the case four years ago when he was lessee. In addition to this Mr. Solomon has opened in Pitt- street, opposite Tattersall's Hotel, a tobacco and cigar divan in conjunction with a Turf Commissin Agency, -the establishment being fitted up in capital style, where he will be happy to meet all his sporting friends. Mr. Solomon has books> open in all the big events of the coming season at the longest market odds and oommunioatioris from, country clients will be carefully attended to. GEORGE: FORDHAM, SECOND ONLY ' TO ARCHER. \- F. ARCHER, THE FAMOUS ENGLISH 7 . J OCKEY— WORTH £60,000, '. - 