LAW COURTS. POLICE COURT—ADELAIDE. THIS DAY. Saturday. February 7. [Before Mr. S. Beddome, P.M.] Susan Biting iloricr was lined £1 for being drunk. John Cvrtin, for being drunk and using indecent language, was fined £2. Thomas Marshall was charged on the information of Henry Davis, station inspector, Adelaide railway station, with refusing to pay the legal fare for travel ling from Smithfield to Adelaide. Fined £1 and or dered to pay the fare and costs, £1 6s. lid. Anna Webber Haigh was charged with being a pauper lunatic. She alleged in court that she had seen a number of ghosts. It was stated that she had been an inmate of the Lunatic Asylum. Referred to Dr. Mayo for examination. Alfred Cowie was charged on the information of George Ringrove Swan, landlord of the Dolphin, with obtaining board and lodging under the false pretence that a draft had been lodged in the Union Bank to his account by Mr. J. C. Lovely. Mr. Lovely denied having received any draft from the defendant. Cowie stated that he had no intention of defrauding the prosecutor, hut admitted that his statement as to the draft was false. Sentenced to two months' imprisonment with hard labor. William Bettis was charged on the information of Edward Emil Leelmann with indecently assaulting Ida Agnes Leelmann, a little girl, aged eight years aud ton months, at Adelaide, on Thursday, February 5\. Mr. H. E. Downer defended. Ida Agnes Leelmann said she went to Conrad's butcher's shop, in Rundle street, on Thursday morning, between 0 and 10 o'clock. The defendant served her, and after doing so assaulted her, touching her on the knee. She had forgotten her change, and the defendant followed her outside, and she snatched the money from him. IVhen she arrived home she made a complaint, and returned to the shop with her elder sister, and identified the defendant. In cross-examination she admitted that the shop was quite open to ltundle street, and that there were several other persons in the shop. She was going without her change, and the defendant called her back. Edward Emil Lell mann, father of the little girl, saw her crying. She complained to him, and he sent her sister back to the shop with her. P.C. Thorn arrested the prisoner, who said "She was standing at the end of the counter where I served her; she ran away with out her change. I ran after her with it." For the defence Mr. Downer submitted that the evi dence for the prosecution had not shown that any as sault had been committed, and that it was absurd that the defendant would assault the child at that time of day. lie called the evidence of two persons engaged in the shop at the time, who saw no assault take place, and who heard Bettis call the child back for change. The defendant stated that he served the child, who gave him sixpence too much for the meat she had purchased. She was walking away when he called her back and told her she had forgotten her change. He leaned over the counter, and took hold of her dress to attract her attention. He then counted the change and meanwhile the child was walking away again. He caught hold of her again, but while counting the money again she went out on the footpath. He fol lowed" her and gave her the money, but took no liberties with her. Dismissed. 