A FATAL RACE. TEBBIBIiE SCENE ON THE MELBOURNE COUKSE. The accident which took place on the Caulfield racecourse, Melbourne, on Saturday was the saddest that has ever occurred in connection with equestrian sports in any of the colonies. One jockey was killed and a number injured. Read ing the narrative, one does not wonder that the accident occurred. Forty- one horses, it seems, were started for the race which resulted so dis astrously to some of the riders, and to that cir cumstance we may attribute the accident ; at anv rate, the magnitude of the mischief was caused by the crowding of the horses. For the Caulfield Cup the field of horses was, with a single exception, the largest that ever started for a race in the colonies, and that was when The Ghost won the Ladies' Trophy at Caulfield in 1883, when a field of 42 horses ran. All went well in the race till the horses were ap proaching the turn, where Too Too had struggled to the front and was leading by a bare neck, with Claptrap hugging the rails on her left, and Sar dius galloping immediately on her right. The turn, which is considered the most difficult part of the course, was yet some distance ahead, and the horses, who were well strung out in what is really the broadest stretch of the whole track, were crowding on the rails in order to get the inside running for the rush up the straight to the winning-post. How Too Too came down is not known, even the riders of the leading horses holding different opinions as to what horses were really first down, or how they fell. The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she would be tiring at the time, the most probable theory — that favoured by many persons who were standing near the spot at the time — is that her front legs crossed with those of either Sardius or Claptrap, probably the former. From the stand the white jacket and blue cap — the colours worn by the rider of Too Too — seemed to sink suddenly into the ground. There was a clash of struggling horses ; silk-clad jockeys were hurled, here and there in wild con fusion, riderless and bridleless horses were dashing away, while others limped off injured, and four of the jockeys, with two horses, lay quite still upon the turf as if they had been killed outright. J. Brown, the rider of Too Too, says it was Tom Brown who fell in front of him, but Mr. George Watson, who was watching the race from his buggy outside the fence near the railway, and within 50ft of where the accident took place, gives it as his opinion that the horse with a white jacket and blue cap — Too Too's colours — fell first, and it certainly appeared so from the Stand. Messrs. White and Long declare they will never run another horse in this race. But though some judges feared that with such a large field there might be an accident at one of the turns, it was never anticipated on the straight run. The horses that came down were Sardius, Tom Brown, the Israelite, Despot, Prince Imperial, Impulse, Country Boy, Claptrap, Kingship, Tar peia, Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, Too Too, and Urarah. Claptrap, one of the leaders, made a gallant effort to escape by jumping over Too Too as she fell, but Sardius, as he too went down, brought him to grief. Trahan got off wonder fully well, and was able to ride the winner after wards in the Windsor Handicap, Hutchins being the only other one of those who came down who was able to take a mount afterwards. T. Brown, the rider of Too Too, although in the very thickest of the melee, escaped almost without injury, but the mare, who was galloped over by a lot of horses, lay for some time on the ground apparently dead, but she afterwards rose and got away with some difficulty. The first three horses down were Too Too, Claptrap, and Sardius. Prince Imperial was so close at their heels that he seemed to fall with them ; then Tom Brown, Despot, Impulse, Country Boy, Kingship, and Tarpeia fell almost in a bunch, while Marie Louise, who was galloping with this group, was just far enough out to avoid the horse that came down in front of her. Amongst the last to fall were Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, and Urarah, the latter being instantly killed. The fearful nature of the accident was shown in the condition of the' horses as they rose. Prince Imperial and Sardius had their bridles torn away, while the saddle on the last-named was turned completely round. Tom Brown's saddle was also broken and hanging in fragments. Some other horses came into collision, but they were able to keep their legs. Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown while the Sydney horse was struggling to rise. The shock was so great that Plausible was turned completely round, and Power, thinking that his horse was injured, dismounted. Lord Wilton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being knocked forward out of his saddle by the shock, clung to his horse's,neck, and came out all right. Amongst the horses most injured were the three who carno down first, two of whose riders, as already stated, came off almost scatheless. Sardius is perhaps the worst of them, and it is very unlikely that he will be out again this spring. Claptrap, who was very lame, was got to the stables with diffi culty, and placed under treatment. It was at first thought that Too Too would have to be destroyed, but she improved afterwards, and can be got round. Sirocco was also cut about a good deal, but the others seemed very little the worse for the mishap. The crowd extended nearly down to the point where the accident occurred, and almost before the last hor3e had cleared the inanimate group, the jockeys were picked up. It was at once ap parent that Donald Nicholson, one of the most popular of light-weight riders, had been killed instantly. He was riding Lord Exeter, and, strange to 8ay, the horse was never knocked off his legs, but the shock hurled the rider with fearful violence against the white fence. His skull would seem to have been crushed in, and blood was also streaming from a gash across his mouth. Crack nell' s chest was crushed in from a blow. He lay quite_ helpless, though conscious, being able to. describe his injuries and to take a glass of water from those who helped him. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on the face, and he seemed to be worse than he really was. M'Grade, who had been on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly. His nose was broken in, one arm hung loosely, and what with the dust and blood on his white face, those around thought that he also had been killed outright. M'Grath. the rider of Prince Imperial, was also lying senseless, having received a blow on the head when his horse rolled over. The tiny rider Twomey lay stretched alongside his dead horse Urarah, who had been instantly killed. At first it seemed that both the horse and jockey were in the same condition, and the commiseration for the tiny boy lying on the end of the stretcher was greater on account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was one of the first down, and as the first horse seemed to roll on top of him, his escape from instant death was a miracle. He too was picked up unconcions, suffering from concussion of the brain. Some of the riders were able to walk, and others were assisted to the casualty room, while stretchers had to be furnished for five. At the casualty room the injured riders were attended by Drs. Fitzgerald, Williams, O'Hara, and others. His Excellency the Go vernor, who had arrived not long before the race, went down to make inquiries as to their condition, and on learning the nature of the accident, he at once, after expressinghis sympathy, left the course. Mr. Speight, the chairman of the Railway Commissioners, volunteered to run a special train into Melboxirne, so that those who were worst injured might be at once sent to the Melbourne Plospital. They were placed two and two upon stretchers and carried through a lane of people to the railway-station, mounted troopers being required to keep the path clear. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was taken to the Alfred Hospital, and the dead body of Donald Nicholson was taken to his home at Richmond. Nicholson, who was regarded as the best light-weight rider in Australia; was 27 years of age, and his parents live at Ballarat. As a jockey, he had the reputa tion of riding most determined finishes. Just before the crash came in the fatal race, Nicholson called the attention of the jockey s^beside him to the fact that Lord Exeter was pulling him out of the saddle. He had just remarked, ' Haven't I got a soft thing to-day ?' when he went down and was killed. Cracknell, who was 39 years of age and resided at Newmarket, appears to have fallen on his left side. His ribs have become disjointed from the breast bone, and have been driven completely under it. He was also injured internally. His right thigh was considerably bruised and cut, and the shock which he sustained was so severe that it displaced his heart. MfGrath, who also lives at Newmarket, is suffering from a fracture of the base of the skull. Edward. Me Grade, aged 25 years, is a resident of Randwick, Sydney. His right shoulder-blade is fractured and his nose is broken. Twomey is the least hurt of those in the Melbourne Hospital, having had his ribs fractured. He has been treated at this institution previously for injuries received in a race. Morrison, the rider of Sirocco, had his arm broken, but his case was not con sidered serious enough to warrant his removal to the hospital, and he was taken home. A telegram reports that an inquest has been held on the body of Nicholson, the rider of Lord Exeter. According to the evidence of nearly all the witnesses examined, the course was a safe one, and the jockeys were all riding fairly. Testimony as to the immediate cause of the accident was given by a witness named Hurst, who said that 'Sardius came up very fast on the outside and cannoned against Too Too and threw the mare.' Nicholson was not crushed by the horse, which only lay on his legs. When he fell he must have come right on the crown of his head. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was not jostling, but trying to get through the horses as well as he could, and the cannoning was accidental. This witness thought there was danger in allowing so many horses to start together on that course. The jury, after a short deliberation, returned a verdict of accidental death. CONDITION OI? THE STJPPEBERS. Cracknell, M'Grath, M'Grade, and Twomey, who were conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital, have improved very much. They have not loi't the hospital, and probably will not do so for some time. Whyman, who was taken to the Alfred Hospital, is also improving. The following is the latest account of the horses injured or involved in the accident : — Prince Im perial has not lain down since the accident, Sardius is very badly injured, and Tothill is afraid he will never race again. Tom Brown is recovering, and there are hopes of getting him well for the Cup. Lord Wilton is very lame. Despot is all right, and was on the tracks on Tuesday morning. The same may be said of Impulse, Country Boy, and Israelite, the last of which did a good work ing gallop. Both Winchester and Lucky Hit were absent from the course on Tuesday. Clap trap is reported to have a bad back, tendon near the foreleg torn away. Mr. Mayo has joined Messrs. White and Long in saying he will not nominate for Caulfield again. The master plasterers have agreed to pay their workmen 11s. a day. This prevents the threatened strike. The numerous friends of Mr. John J. Sheahan, for many years resident in Eedfern and Qhui?ch Hill respectively, will be glad to learn thatrhis well-known ability has been recognized by the Government in appointing him to one of the senior clerical posts under the new Land Act. Mr. Sheahan has been sent to take up the chief clerical duties in the District Survey Office, Wagga Wagga. Had he desired to remain at head quarters his wish would have been complied with, as the permanent head of the department pro posed to send another officer temporarily, so that Mr. Sheahan's services might still be retained a longer period in Sydney. Such proposal is ample proof of the great value of his services at head quarters, where he has spent a term of eleven years. He was at all times highly respected and esteemed by -hia fellow-officers and by the officials of his department. We have no doubt that in his new sphere of labour his friends will be equally numer ous, and that his services will prove of similar value to the department of which he in so 'worthy a member. 