ECHIOES OF AIELBOUIINE. (Br THE GHOST.) "Well done !" These two short words, cabled from London to Sydney by the Earl of Rosebery when the offer of New South Wales to send at her own expense two batteries of artillery and 600 infantry to the Soudan-was made public in England, rightly express the sentiment which ani mates the English nation, and which, far and near, wheraver the utterances of the inhabitants are drawn from "the pure well of English undefiled," will find a respon sive echo. Australians have proved them selves worthy "chips of the old block." Though oceans roll between the mother land and the shores of the Australian.Con tinent, the' world now knows that Britons in the remotest corners of the earth are bound together by the common tie of love of country, and can nowv realise that the Empire ruled over by Queen Victoria is indeed one upon which the sun never sets. But what has Mr. Service been about to allow the wind to be so completely taken out of his sails as it has been by Mr. Dalley? A week since that gentleman was the best abused man in Australasia. Now he is the most belauded. He has had the good fortune to have been able to grasp the situation, and taking the tide at the flood has. been led on to fortune. His miserable utterances in regard to the an nexation business, his apologies for the feeble policy of Lord Derby, and his acquiescence in the acts that have robbed Australia of a portion of her patrimony, are now all condoned and forgotten. Verily, paUriotism, like charity, covers a multitude of sins. If all our militiamen entertained the same mean opinion of themselves as does that distinguished military authority, Colonel Templeton, the Victorian contin gent for the Soudan would not be very large or very enthusiastic. Evidently the gallant Civil Service Commissioner does not intend to risk his own precious person by volunteering for active service. "It isn't in his line." To be a colonel in Melbourne, capering nimbly in a lady's chamber, is one thing; to hold the same rank in the Soudan, with the daily chance of an Arab bullet or spear ending one's career and depriving Majors Conehman and Irving of their colleague on the Civil Service Com mission, is another. Luckily for the credit of the colony all our Volunteer Militia are not Templetons. By the way, is not this gentleman in some respects like the Malhdi-a false prophet? Did he not predict that England would refuse the patriotic offer of New South Wales ? and would it not be well if he started for Suakin at once? Setting a Mahdi to catch a Mahdi might, perchance, reasoning from analogy, prove a wise stroke of policy. The only regrettable feature in the display of attachment and loyalty to the mother country is the apathy of the Ministry. Evidently Mr. Service and his colleagues have the fear of consequences -to themselves-before their eyes. They fear to take so important a step without the sanction of the people's representa tires, and yet, if ever there was a period in the history of Victoria when to "act" should have been the proper course, and to " talk" the wrong one, it certainly is the present time. Mr. Service is surely astute enough and experienced enough by this time to know tlhat Parliament is only the reflex of public opinion, and in regard to that opinion on the subject of send ing a Victorian contingent to the Soudan there can be no possible doubt, It would be :instructive to know what on earth the Cabinet can have been ' con sidering" on Tuesday in regard to the action to be taken in sending a contingent to the Soudan. What was there to " con sider?" The cablegram pledging Victoria had already been sent by Mr. Service. This was, however, before the acceptance of the New South Wales offer, and when it was a matter of doubt whether the assis tance offered by Australia would be welcomed. The nauvaiis quart d'heure de Rabelais, the time when the cost has to be reckoned has yet to come. If the Ministers are wise they will strike while the iron is hot. Their best chance of getting the necessary funds voted by Parliament is to ask for the money while enthusiasm is still at fever heat. Six months hence many people will think, and be baold enough to say, that in connection with this Soudan business Australia has rushed in where a more prudent community would have feared to tread. Further troubles are looming ahead in connection with the Strong case. The Presbytery object to the employment of the reverend gentleman even in the humble capacity of a city missionary. They desire to stop all the gaps by which admittance can be gained into theo fold, and have closed the slip-panels; and although the stray sheep appear inclined to bleat in a more plaintive style than of yore, they are to be kept at a safe distance from the orthodox flock. The quarrel will now be fought out in the Law Courts. The late congregaction of Scots Churchk appear bent on precipitating the issue. The sad news of Gordon's death has evoked a universal feeling of regret, and a more deep and spontaneous expression of sorrow has never before found expression in the colony. On Sundaylbast funeral osr umous were preached in nearly every place of worship in Victoria, even the Joss House on Emerald Hill being filled with a crowd of Celestials assembled to do honour to the man who saved the cousin of the sun and moon from the Taiping rebels, and upheld the present Chinese dynasty on the throne of Timor the T'Irtar. Everywhere flags floated mournfully at half-mast. Might it not save some little trouble if " the flag that braved a thousand yearsl the battle and the breeze" were thus kept during the tenure of oflice by the Gladstone Minis try ? There would not be so far to haul it down at the bidding of any nation that choses to "bounce" the craven creatures that at the present time have the mis fortune to act as " her Majesty's advisers." That the Australian public is thoroughly in earnest about the Soudan business is shown by the fact that not only are they ready with their men, but that their money is also forthcoming. Yearly sub scriptions, some of them of a considerable amount, have been promised, and offers of pecuniary aid still continue to flow in. So intense is the patriotic feeling evoked that it would not be matter for much surprise if the members of the Assembly would agree to present their cheque for their monthly "screw" towards defraying the cost of sending a Victorian corps to the seat of war. For the time the bootmakers' strike is over, and on Monday work was resumed in all the factories. Everyone is pleased at the termination ofithe dispute, excepting, perhaps,Mr. Trenwith, who now finds him self, like Othello, with "occupation gone." There are not, however, signs wanting which show that the present peace is only a truce, and that on the very slightest provocation the feud between masters and men will break out afresh. When both parties to an agreement express their dis satisfaction with it, it does not in the ordi nary course of events continue long in force. Before another twelve months passes, there will be another struggle between employers and employed in the boot trade. Tihe sporting world, or at all events that section of it that affect machinery to aid them in their locomotion, is at the pre sent moment in a state of excitement over the forthcoming bicycle and tricycle races, to be held on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday, March 1i. Bicycle riding has of late received a great impetus from the fact that no less a personage than the Czar of all the Russias may at times be seen astride on. a five-foot wheel, made ex pressly to his order by the Coventry Ma chinists' Company, Limited, who have recently opened a branch establishment in ielbourne in connection with the Sports Depot. The prizes at the forthcoming contest will he well worth competing for. February 19. 