The Ghost Lord Broughman Saw- At Kovyelf uoar-Xjotteuborg," soys Lord Brought, who was on n tour iu Northern Europe,? wo stopped to ent 801110 cold provisions, nnd thun oon- tinued our journey in tho durk. The carringo being shut we were not exactly frozen, but iho rond was exceedingly lough,, and wo went at a foot paco ; besides it was more hilly than ie usual in Sweden. At one in tbe morning we arrived at a decent inn, and doeided to stop for the night. Wo found a couplo of comfortable rooms. Tired with tbo cold of tho provious day, I was glad to take a hot batli before 1 turned in. And hoio unnst remarkablo thing happened to me—so remarkable that I most toll tbe talo from tho beginning. After I loft the High School 1 went to G , my most iutimato friend, to attend tho classes in the university. Tbero was no divinity class ; but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects, particularly on tho immortality of tho soul and a future state. This question of tho pos sibility—l will not say of ghoet-walk ing,. but of tho dead appearing to the livingr-was a subject of much specula tion, and we aotunlly committed tho folly of drawing ;up an agreement, written with our blbod,? to tho t-ffect that wbicbovor of us died first should appear to the other, and thus sobe any doubts we hod entertained of tho ? life after death.' After'we had finished our clasees at tho college, G wen t to India, having got an appointmant there in tho pjy.il Service. Ho seldom wrote to rao, and aftey ths lapse of n few years I had almost forgotten him. More over, his family having little- connection with Edinburgh, I eeldom suw or heard anything of him through them, so all tho old schoolboy intimacy having died out, I had nearly forgotteu his exist ouco. I bad taken, as I have said, a warm batb, and whilo lying in it an en joying the comfort of the boat nfter the Into freezing I had undergona, I turnod my head round, looking towards the chnir on which I had deposited ray clothes, as I wne about to got out of the hath. Oα the chnir eat G-—— looking calmly at mc. How I got out o| the batii I Jcnow not, but on recoverin my ? eoi '8, I fouud myeelf sprawling tho u?ur. Tito appnrition, orwhatev o it w?s that had takon the likcuespof G , had disappeared. The vision produced such n shock that I had no inclination to npnak to anyone. But the impression it mndo on mo was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so stroDgly was I affected bj it that 1 have here written down tho wholo hieiory, with the date 19 Decem her, and nil tho particulars ns they are no W; fresh bofore mc. Na doubt I hnd fallen nsleep, and that the appearance presented so distinctly to my eyed wns a .dream I cannot for a moment doubt. Yet for years I hnd no commnnication' with G—, nor had there been anything to call him to my recollection. Nothing .had taken placo during onr Swedish travels cither connected with O-— or with India, or with anything relating to him, or to any member of bis family. I recollected, quickly enough, our old die cussion and tho bargain wo bad made. I could not diechnrgo from vay mind tho impreseion that G—innst havo died, and that his appearance to mo was to be re ceived by mo as a proof of future state : yet all the timo I fel.fc convinced that tho wholo was a dream ; and so plainly vivid nnd no unfading was the impression that j.could not bring myself to talk of it or to make thoslightoet allusion to it. 1 finished dressing, as wo'had agreed to mako an early start. I was ready by G o'clock, tho hour for our early breakfast. Soon after my return to Edinburgh, there arrived a "letter from India announcing G—' s death, and stating that he had died on the 16th Dccorober. 