G-ooi) Friday is the ' solemn feast' of the Christian year. Its occurrence enforces its obBervunce almost an eer tainly as if it were a natural event.. In some way it has happened that whilst alraoBt if not quite every dogma of the Christian taith, trom that relating to the existence of a Supreme Being down to- that defining the destiny of the last man, has been controverted, anniver saries celebrating events in the history of Christianity hold almost undisputed sway. , Good Friday may' be neglected by many persons, it may be used pur posoly as a day for favourite oporta by others, but almost every one who doea vtbnt he deems to bo a violation of its authority defends himself ..with, an apology marked with bravado or sham indifference. In the course of years if was raised from a simple anniversary to a holj day having obligations like those of the Sabbath, Possibly there have always been not a -few persons who rejected that theory ; and now their number is greater than ever; and the more rational view of the day is that it celebrates a great event in the history of Christianity, and that in this light only need it be regarded. Its history is soon told. The Chris tian 'Church is the product of Chris tianity. Not the best that ought to be, but perhaps the best that is possible at present. In estimating the strength and character of any force by its results care 'must always be taken to note the quality of the material operated upon. What can be more multifarious than human nature ? There is no need here to say whether originally it was bad or good. If there were no distinct moral evil at all the human material to be operated upon by Chris tianity is so vast and varied that we should hold ourselves prepared for a wide range of issues. The quarries of the world yield material out of which the finest forms can be wrought by skill, but they also yield some of which the best artist could do nothing better than mend roads. Into churches the bulk of these results are gathered. Not all of them by any means, and sometimes good specimens are not so included. And there is abroad a sentiment of which no church can take account. It is subtle as the air ; it penetrates all places and surrounds all things. It is lens forceful than could be desired, but here it is, and all confess its pre sence. The Christianity which makes the church had its origin in Christ. He did not formulate all its beliefs,. nor frame its organisations. He- dealt more with forces than with forms. But, given tho creation or the enunciation of these forces, it was only a question of tim» when they should take on a shape. The spirit giveth life, and it giveth elape also. Life- which ia so subtle that it defies all our attempts aft analysis, nevertheless is1 the' most familiar worker in our midst. The unseen weaver begins his work, and the result is a plant, an insect, a man, or Christianity, Th® thing we call by this name 5s* a product ^ it has been thrown up by a power as leal as that which threw up the highest mountain ' and excavated; the- deepest sea. What is tha* force ? Ii is matter of pure history tfoat it had its- exponent im- Jesus Christ'.. His nationality, his social status, the- age in whieh he ap peared, are accidents with some mean ing. They are ihoidental and subser vient, but not essential. 'We-sre asked 'to- look at this unique- character. It is useless to trifle with'tbe subject because it cannot be disposed' of in that way. To do so is as f oplish- as the coaduet of the man who said iea- was impossible. By a chain of sequenoea we go- back to a certain source, and! it is as- easy to deny that a church exists as tho4 Jesus Ghrist existed. The ? interest ia Him gathers; about what Hb was, wlaat He said, and what He did. T'o-dayistlte anni versary of one thing that lie did, that is, that he died ; but that iB tile com mon lot of man ; everybody diea. It was no novelty when H» gave^ap- the ghost. The form of His death -was familiar; and why then the significance of his death ? Theologians have- found their chief centre in this fact. They have tried .to define its physical phenomena, perhaps successfully ; but they must always have found little to rewarditheir pains. They have eosayed to state tlie philoso phy of tJie atonement, but with only partial success. Iim point ing out its- moral issues, they have- had not to deal with theory, but with? fact, and therefore have felt bottom fcriheir feet. From the hour of iiia oc currence, this remarkable- death) on a Palestinian hill began to influenaa- men in their moral life ; and1 witft. ever i widening eircle it is doing; so now. It i repeats itself in the recurrence of thia day, and sompels men to- think of it, with no attempt to conceal by the thinnest drapery the unsightly parts of the incident. Religious teachers say it stand* for a Godlike statesaent of the character and natural issues of moral evil. Perhaps it does. Thev add, it is- a pledge of heaven's conde scension to mercy, andi therefore the signal of hope. It is in turn made to bear many other significations. And men lave busied themselves to set its limitations, and to say what must be its final] outcome in tite history of the race. All this multifarious dealing; with 14 may be named; in proof of thc singular significance- of the fact itself.. Men cannot shake ifa off ; in their best moments they have- no wish to do so.-. The most errant miaids have been glad! to shake themselves- free of restraint, to step over intervening obstructions placed around the sacred tree by those who deemed themselves its guardians, and with their own feeble but un fettered hand to take its unforbidden fruit of life, hoping to eat aud live. This, more than any church decree or spectacular observance keeps tho memory of the day green in the Iteart of the world. Ik . welcoming the Good Friday- of the year of grace 1SS5 it iB just as well to turn out of the too-wellbcatoa; track of party politics, to dismiss the wars and rumours of wars that 3©em to keep off the millennium as faa as ever, and to indulge iu retrospections and reflections that are at least a pleasant change from those tho Australian, world has beea exercised with of late-.. We have said elsewhere wlut ia neuea*. sary for us to say from a. theological standpoint, and from every pulpit in tie city to-day, and from evwy church in Christendom, will be related the won derful and immeasurably interesting Tragedy that Good Friday ia the anni verimry of It is enough to notico what may be called the oocial and secular observance*) of the day now and in .times pant. These observances axe not honoured here a» they aro in the old country now, and still less so than in the times of the Plantogeneta in morrio England. The ancient oore mony of blessing certain rings on this day by tho king, which waa'thtm thought a Mufe prerentxe from cold* and cramps, camo to »n end with tho Reformation. Xbiovraaa custom whioh had existed as far back as the era of the saintly Edward the'ConfeBBor him self, whoso ring, among the other relics of that holy man, was supposed to confer certain miraculous benefits of a healing character. It was at this ceremony that the practice of bringing small presents, such as corn and eggs, winch latter have had no small share in tho not yet defunct institution of ' Easter egga.' But tho association above all otheiB attaching to G-ood Friday to which saints and sinners are alike susceptible are the hot cross buns, without which no such . day can be considered complote. In the olden times it was thought that bread balked on titat' day and kept throughout the year' had' medicinal power if powdered fipely and mixed with water. And faith had possibly as much to do with the cures as anything else. But tbe hot cross buns aro as real and palpable as ever, although historians affirm 4hat in this degenerate age such productions as' came from the ovens of 'the Chelsea Bun House ' or ''the real old Chelseai Bun House,' are unknown in our day. Probably so ; this is a- very matter of fact age, and the people of the present are possibly a great deal more dyspeptic than were their great grandfathers- of ' good King George's days.' It wasa habit, indeed, among the citizens- of London to walk down on high days and holidays with their wives and daughters as far as Chelsea where the tempting buns were spread for sale in gorgeous abundance. I?, however, we are to place any faitK' in the pages of history, as Mir Swiveller would have observed, it ap pears that the custom of associating? buns with theology is not by any means confined to Christendom. It iB asserted' that the Pagans used to worship one ofc'i their deities by the consumption of' cakes, a species of reverence which would find uncommon favour with Young Australia of to-day. Even those eternal Chinamen who seem to have discovered all our discoveries while- our ancestors were hunting wolves- in Britain and witnessing the jDruidical sacrifices at the great temple of Stonehenger are a few centuries stead of ua over the religious bun question. In- Mexico, again, the practice- wa» knarm far back in the times of the- Irreas ; and in Egypt tha* country of incessant trouble, of everlasting; warfare, the people there made -, oakes- to- ? resemble the sacred heifer,, which- they reverentially digestedj. in common with other doc trines-of Phaoaoli's- era. It is said, moreover,. that these cnle» were called lountj so that after- all',, the citizen who invests- his shillings' in the- bakers' shops of Queen- street this morning is doing precisely the same thing, and from somethingilikethe same jaotiTes, perchance, that* wao* done wfeen the Pyramids were young: and! Cheops in the buddmgiblooni'oft' his- existence, or before 'the onc»-youthful- and! beataiDg Sphynxi had: assumed' that abczainably sardoDieexpressJonit-is wearing juetnow. Let us-trust; at' any rate,. that the o-ld and the new- may meet? in straQge and most unexpected: fashion, to-day,, when the Soudanese warriors-whei sailed; from Sydney1 a few weeks- ago- will maneh their hot-croaa- buns- in bh'e Arabian deseri'in a manner that migbi move the patriotic eloquence of''a»Da'2ieyr tlte grammatical gesn of the JSclio^ ai1 the harsh' and braten fanfaronades of the Evening Jtfcws* 'W3»»t our nesii Good Friday may oee-, and1 under vihaii etr cumstiHices can nost- beioh. o$ moral buns- may b» baked). is-a- matter- Jhal ; pertainoth isore to ? clairvoyants* and . spiritmalists - than to . ordinary mojrtadf i. Whether in ihdt f aief liL meaQirimi& w e may not need the- pliLrifc and bra7»ry of' every r true- Queensla!ia»l' er to help fight par owni btuSfrli :b, is more thaa any simple- outei-stere. id ay lay claim to ? prophesy. And1 pejrihj tps those 'good* people alii' who- are in decorous csder attending: the- waa-i ous chuiches -is this oity^ to-day toIIbo tbe unmindful ;sx£ thoaa o E their own. emir ntry and kindrad who are expecting -3 very hour the summons-to charge the- en emy, . o» to imperil tkeir-live-9-in many other ways in tins, serviee of tbe empire. And may this. &ood; . Eridaj. be a. vex itable. '?feast oSt'1 Orispian' ta-'thecai that thev may look. back. upon. in. yeans to corne as gladly, and as satMactoinly as ever did the men of Agincourt to. tbat moat ^loriouB and evantt'ul viotocy t AoADEMTi- op- Ultsiej— Last evenings the. patrons oE this pilioe of uKueoraasfc n ere '-sur- prised' hy Elaoff-and ©hnan'i conrpany^.con oerning which it-xaay ba-iMnoob point as io. tho character- of lh» aurpiiift' inquiasrion. There can be no donbfethut tlte' entontair.mentda cal culated to Burpase, for-iti ranges, from ranging: and daasing- to -fcrapeza- fllayrag, feats -adththe strong jf w— it Ja-uaid Stat-lton Douglas 2&al-ceai; a member of Parliameotiin Ilia time — calminui*- ing itjinn extraordinary and -unprooedentsd; performance t*yv Signor- Gteum on 2J,'. drums. Tho aensatioai of 'having- ffie battle of -Tel-ol4 Kobir. being drammed i into one's h«ad ia .oeir tainljr a novelty, and lini point of manipulation, tho atgnor agpaars to .be- tie ^ ery ajotheosiS-of ? a drummer.. Suob* an Kutrvidual mould ' 8a o& invaluable assistance. oSiBer in th-OBarlionWnfc or iii; the, municipal i uauncil. Eb- calls-, liitj. show, a 'gnind aulltuay divortiK»meiit^''ania thaio can ba- no. doubt ihat after multitudes- ci turgid Bpaeahos, uaginaSny and ending :«», fog-, tho signcnwouliprovo exoosaiviiy diveEtisg. Mns. Sahah B-uucaai, — In tJua. age.- of. Uio *iuulity;of. th'*- boxen, -wliioh, mj. a ..loligwus journal once put it, oxtond*. to. ewnyKhing except sawingf -wocsJ and Hiagihg bosa,. the advont. of a. Indly lecturer, who mill -auke (heraEjiearatt3o in Eriabano taMonjlay, Tuea iday, and Wednfisd»y evenings is nsihtag to be isurpwid at. Sho -will ocat»on.Iaih.SlttUey ftud i his 'iniquiiouB notion ' whibh vill doubtless resuji in lis utter do monition; aud sho will hatosomoSbingrto say aboct. 'tha abstraction of deaiooracy and the establishment o£ the riirht pilioy.' The first part ottlia last- named loai taco should bo of interest to tho Oppoeitioo. jonrnala, trbilo tha .Mtof part has pvor bably reference to the Commercial Insur ranoo Company, over . -whoso precsis^a, the fail opeoial pleador wiU deliver he* dia coursos. Mrs. Parker has travelled hejo- via Algeria, and ? has probaUy spent a day at Moroooo ; before aha goes it is to bo h'opc-i .thnt she will givo us au idea on 'home rule' in Algiers as contrasted -with ihat in Ireland. It is atatod that -war pamphlets are to tw obt«Iued at tha hall, from whioh it may bo rarcsumod that Mrs. Pailtiir has uot uogluolv'd miiitary uialtotH in^hj Jourso of hor oxtonsivo studioa. II shi) onriii by any means give a looturo -ra tho show o'u lijrttnn a va-it amount -it highly iutoreatiujj mfotuatiou would doubtloaa bo fortlwoming. ? 