Long Hours. To the EorrOE. — Sin, — I see by your leading article of Saturday last, 18th inRtant, you draw public attention to the long hours of the Mel bourne Omnibus conductors, for whiuh you deserve gruat credit ; but, sir, you will soiirosly believe me when I tell you that the employes at Woogaroo A-ylum have from one hundred find fifty (150) 1o 'one hundred and nixty (160) hours' duty without a break. They have twelve hours' duty daily now, and in addition to this, there is evening duty frequently at ballrj, concerts, &i;\, milking *ixtetfn hours' a day. They have neither Saturday afternoons nor Sundays off duty, but simply of late ono d'iy on' of eighteen or twenty. Naturally, the men are very discontented at this, for by their printed rules they are allowed by the Government one day per weok. On the first of September proximo, -work will com mence half an hour earlier and be continued half au hour later, whioh continues for soveu monthB. aud will mateo H hours- daily, without any extras There also seems to he a great deal of partiality, for some few of the men get one day a weox, and a groat deal of tiniB at the billiurd-table, and others at drill practice. Some one ia to blame for this, and, without a ohango, it i» the general opinion thifc the attendants will soon become patients — Tours, &c;, Humanity. A CCRIOC3 Giiost. — A rumonris going about (observe* the .S*. Jamct's. Qazctze) that the PeyobicHl Snei'ty tins at last found a ghost. Hit-ni-rto the soeioty ha-t boen in tho painful position of nailing spirits from tho vasty doop.. and only finding that Shakespeare waq right about tho diffi'inlty of gottiiig them torenpoud. The eomuiittte have, wo believo. hired houses warranted to be haunted by tho mo.it unoxoep tionable spectres, have Heroically slept in the hnunted chamber night after night, and have not so mnch us hearda pijrh or semi the least symptom of a faint bluo light. Things wero at thoir wont when a nhange oimo, whiuh has appirontly ended in brilliant disrovoriea In the lfi*t volume of tho Sooibty'a Trannaeti'inH, or Journal, there appeared a uotic» that persons wishing to bo introduced to a roal ghost «hould immediately apply to the Haunt'cl beornMry, or words to that effect. So enthusiastic- was the ru-h expected to be, thut tho Hnur.tad Secretary would not pledge himaelf to fiud a bod in the ehnmbor vUited by 'Th» Thing' for every seeker after phyaionl truth who mipht. yvesnut hinwislf. Rora.i inquirers, however, were accommodated, aud tho ccu^e quenoes surpassed all expectations Hnrd knocks were the ordor of tho day. The ghost, whoso appearance is not mentioned in the rumour, began by throwing tumblers (where did they come from ?) at the representatives of tho S.PvR. A heavy f,nd«r wan inn-next misdflo employed, and after this the ghost con aslabof themarblo ohimncy- pieceflyingnt theic heads, and then at length tho retreat was re luctantly soundod. The exporimont m, wo hour, to be repeated as soon as tho S P.R. ha» armed its intrepid representatives wltli pluto'; armour, or. some improvement on tbo diver's uniform ; and the eloatrio light is to bo sud-l denly fla-hed upon the speotro to boo if he will jump. It is most earnestly to bo hoped that; the persevering efforts of the society will zns«t with tho reward they deserve, and that Aid promi -ing ghost will maintain bis high, char-., aoter. 