OUR CALIFORNIA^ LETTER. [From our own Correspondent. 1 San Francisco, December 20, 18>i. The eveirt of the month was the opening of the World's .Exposition at New Orleans. I refer to it, of course, in order that I may speak of California's contribution to the show, and the manner in which the state was represented there. At one time it was thought our display would he meagre, for California, like New Yoik, has not been liberal in subscribing money to strengthen the hands of its state commissioner. It is due onl}' to the wonderful energy of the man, a wholesale jeweller, named Colonel Andrews, whose diamond palace some of vouv visiting people may have ad mired on' Montgomery-street, in San Fran cisco, that President Arthur, on the 16th current, at the White House in Washington, formally opened the great fair in the crescent city and set its vast machinery in motion by simply touching an electric button. The space allotted to our state was completely filled, and unoccupied portions of that assigned to Nevada and Arizona encroached on as well. I had a talk with Commissioner Andrews yes terday. lie had been recalled from New Or leans by the sudden death of his business manager, but would return to the scene of his duties in a few weeks. He told lue California's cereal, fruit, and wine exhibit would be the greatest ever seen. More than a thousand varieties of grain will be shown, nearly all the kinds of grapes grown and the wine made therefrom, and the Naglee, Baldwin, and Guillaros brandy, now pushing the French article for a place in the affections of those who like pure cognac. There are more than ninety varieties of almonds and nuts, and the native grasses and numerous forage plants of the coast command attention. The fittings, tables, &e.;, are of redwood—a tree indigenous to the Slope, and I notice by telegraph that this feature alone is already attracting notice, especially among the southern lumbermen. Andrews worked hard to gain the consent of the legislature to transport the state collection of minerals to the exhibition ; but being unsuccessful turned his attention to private cabinets. He has secured one or two valued at 15,000 dollars, so the mineral pro duction of the coast will not go unrepresented. Careful computation has been made from re liable reports of all the gold- and silver mined since the American occupation, and the re spective quantities will be shown by imitation golden and silver pyramids. The sericulture of the state will also be represented by silk and cocoons from Lodi, San Joaquin county, and there will also be specimens of our paper manufacture. The general Government gave Commissioner Andrews 5,000 dollars to work on, but the whole amount contributed by the business men of the city and state was only 350 dollars—a most beggarly sum, considering the advantage the exhibition was likely to be to California, "It will increase immigra tion, certainly," insisted the commissioner, " and be a splendid prospectus for a universal exposition, which some of our busi ness men contemplate will be given in San Francisco three or four years hence." As your people aie talking of a World's Fair in Ade laide about that time, the facts in connection with California and the New Orleans Exposi tion may interest them. We have struck an unexpected "snag," as the Mississippi river boatmen say, in the voyage of the ship of the Union. That is, the probable collapse of a Pacific state. Nevada, which was forced by the Republican folly of an enabling Act into the sisterhood of states in 18G4, is in such a condition of retrogression and depletion that its extinguishment is talked of, and the partition of its territory between Cali fornia and Utah. Since the subsidence of the mining excitement and failure of silver output from the Comstock lode, in Vir ginia city, little Nevada lias gone from bad to worse, until now there is nothing left but a few cattle to fatten on the sage brush and bunch grass—for this feed makes excellent beef—a sparse population to take care of them, and some who have yet faith in the development of apocryphal mines. It was never much of a state, says one journal, discussing the situation, and should never have been admitted. It swindled the other states by giving senators and representatives m Congress to a mining camp among barren mountains. Is it just that the other states should tolerate the monstrous political power Nevada exercises in Congress and in the Electoral College any longer? But how to get rid of it is the question. The extinguishment of any state is a serious matter, but the con tinuance of any state in the false position Nevada occupies is a very serious matter also. A constitutional amendment will be necessary under the. circumstances. The case of Nevada is somewhat analogous to that of the English rotten boroughs, ffftv-six of which were dis franchised by the Parliamentary Reform Bill of 1S32. A suit has just been decided by the Supreme Court which is of great importance to our state, as it is based on the old English doctrine of riparian rights, and denies the legality of of the system of irrigation sought to be pur sued in some of the lower counties of Cali fornia. Lux and Miller, millionaires and cattle monopolists, are the plaintiffs, and Haggin and Tevis, also heavy capitalists and landowners, the defendants. The case, in brief, is this—Lux and Miller own about 2,000,000 acres of land in Kern county, on the lower part of which Keru river sinks in two marshy lakes. They propose to utilise the marsh—where there is a dense growth of tides —as a liog-ranch, and therefore need all tire water they can get. Haggin and Tevis, with about ninety other defendants, have organised a system of irrigation, tapping the river above for the purpose, which Mas rapidly bringing the arid lands of the comity under splendid cul tivation, and inducing settlement in every direction. Most of these lands are owned by the defendants, but Lux and Miller own the lands bordering the stream for some distance. They therefore enjoined the canal men from taking the water to irrigate the back country, and the Supreme Court has made the injunc tion perpetual, saying the natural flow of the river cannot be diverted. The consequences will be most disastrous to" the. settler if this decision be not set aside on a rehearing. A rapidly-growing country will be given up to the raising of hogs and cattle; for the defen dants, who have 7,000,000 invested in irrigating canals, threaten to fence in their lands and convert them into a cattle run instead of farms. The Keru river and the irrigation it might afford under other circumstances were the sole dependence of the farmers to raise a crop, as only four inches of rain falls there in a season. Applying the English doctrine of riparian rights to jthe case means therefore irretrievable ruin agricultural!y. Husband-killing is among the events of the month in our city. Two cases are recorded. The first that of a one-legged man, of whom his wife tired on account of not having the full complement of lower limbs, procured a divorce and married a brewer named Eelix Matter. Poor Levieux, the uniped, always hoped his wife M ould return to him, and after the divorce and before the second marriage, on a promise to do so, lent her 350 dollars. Then she mar ried the brewer, and udien Levieux, failing to restore title in his former spouse, sought at least to get his money back, Matter shot off the cap of his right elbow with a pistol ball, while the cripple, not to be outdone, changed liis pistol to tlie left hand, and shot Matter dead over his divorced u'ife's shoulder; the divorcee, be it remembered, having her hands on her first husband's throat all the while. The other case was more dramatic. A rather quiet, well-disposed young fellow named Daniel W. Kenned}', an Irishman, made a mesalliance, for certainly the union was not judicious, with a Jewess, Bertha Friedman, one of those ill-assorted marriages that occur in our heterogeneous community, more frequently perhaps than in any other American city, and which generally bring their oM'n punishment. It u'as so in this case. Kennedy kept a sort of refreshment place, and was a good deal au'ay from home. His Jewish M'ife chose to believe the charms of other women, and not business, was the cause of his absence, and tlie condition of that household may therefore be imagined. At length there was an open rupture, the pistol and a dead husband on the pavement in front of their dwelling. The body was brought into the house and laid on the bed, and the three children stood by and wondered M'liat it all meant. Their mother had a fit of hysterics after realising she had removed their protector and the prop of the house in a moment of insane jealousy. She moaned out, looking at the bleeding corpse, "Poor Dave ! it is too bad— too bad." But she regained lier mental poise when the officers urere removing Kennedy to the morgue so far as to remark that " what she had clone u'ould no doubt be an example to wives and a lesson to husbands." Is it any M ender that, considering the population, wed dings are infrequent in San Francisco ? The newspapers say the murderess is cnccinte; this increases the grim horror of the situation. If there be a law _ of fretal sympathy, as some physiologists insist, what marks u'ill be shown by this poor babe, born of a mother u'hose hands are red with its father's blood ?—what characteristics be developed if it reaches adult years ? It is not a pleasant subject on which to speculate. On examination an effort was made by her counsel to have the woman held for no higher charge than manslaughter, but the judge refused and held for murder, with 10,000 dollars bail. Depression in general business is the Socialists' opportunity. When operatives are constantly employed, their families and themselves uvil housed, fed and clothed, the antagonism to the aggressive insolence of wealth does not make much headway among them. It is only when these conditions are reversed, when the oppor tunities to earn a living are narrowed, and workmen are being discharged in numbers, as is the case now in all the manufacturing centres of the United States, including Cali fornia, that the pessimism of the Socialist missionary obtains a hearing from the working classes, and the doubtful remedies lie proposes for existing evils are entertained. Nothing so emphasizes Jack Cadeism as empty pockets and the pinching of hunger, Therefore, we presume that when Mr. H. W. Hyndman, the celebrated English leader of the Communistic school, visits San Francisco, as it is announced he will do shortly, we may expect some excite ment in the community, and the capitalist who boasts of two shirts will be on the alert to guard his extra linen against him who has none. This Hyndman, according to report, is a character, and singular withal. He is said to be a wealthy man, with an income of £6,000 a year, the pro prietor of Justice, a weekly journal, and of To-Day, a monthly publication, both used as propagators of his peculiar ideas on political, social, and other questions affecting communal interests. He is also a constant contributor to the Contemporary and Edinburgh - leading reviews in the old country. One would sup pose that with money and such influence at command he would be a power in his way and well known, but I am ashamed to confess having heard nothing of him till the present writing. His purpose, I believe, is to canvass the whole United States in the interests of Socialism, and to hold meetings in conjunction with the various labor organisations. As a consequence, an international convention wil be assembled in this city in March next, at which it is expected over 300 delegates will bo present. That will be the time for California capital to show its usual timidity and for the sorrow of the borrower to increase. A French idea came to grief here la-t week in the winding-lip, ignobly, of the "Great Matrimonial Promotion Scheme, or tho Uni versal Benevolent Association of California for Unmarried Females," a title that ought to fill with hope every spinster's heart. The scheme was on the plan of an insurance company, where unmarried persons, by investing a small amount as a sort of premium, received, or were to receive, if the plan worked, a certain amount of money an marriage to start theni in life. Agents were sent all over the country, and patrons taken in by the hundreds. It was a popular institution till a call was made on the management for the amount assured, and then tliecollap.se came; the concern was found to be oniy the airy fabric of a vision. The scene in court, where the army of victims repre sented almost every station in life and every county in the state, was one of the best illustrations of the boundlessness of human credulity that could be given. The proceedings were in insolvency, and it was shown the claims against the concern amounted to 250,000 dollars; the assets were a com bination-lock safe and a few pieces of office furniture, valued altogether at about 300 dollars. I do not know, after all, but that the object of furnishing lone females with hus bands and endowing them when they were mated was a good one and a useful if it had been properly carried out; but in this case it was a transparent fraud. Let me mention ail incident bearing on the difficulty of getting a wife in California some years ago, when society was in a much more inchoate state than it is at present. There entered the editorial room of a leading journal one evening a middle-aged, respectable-looking man, who said to me with some hesitation of manner, " I beg your pardon, sir, but I am about to prefer what may appear to you an unusual request; I wish to advertise for a woman to be my wife." "Nothingwrongifyouareactingin good faith." "I'll tell you what it is," he rejoined, placing his vicufia hat on a chair; " I'm a justice of the peace away up in (mentioning the name of a remote county) ; I'm well fixed, but I'm kinder lonely, ana I want somebody to look after the house—a good sensible woman. I'm a stranger here; know nobody. I take your paper, and it sort o' struck me you might help me find the kind of woman I want." "Well, friend," I said, "we do not keep a matrimonial bureau ; but I think your pur pose of advertising a good one." He accor dingly stated his wants and address in a few words, and the advertisement was published. Nothing more was seen of him till a week afterwards, when he entered my room with his face wreathed in smiles, and laid down an elaborately-adorned bride-cake that must have weighed ten pounds. "Married, of course?" I said to liim. "I should think so," he replied with a self-satisfied chuckle; "got a widder; the best woman in the world, I think. Off for home to-morrow. Much obliged to you and the paper. The advertisement did the thing up slick." The gratitude of the judge wa3 a business benefit, as he sent in the names of more than a hundred subscribers from his section of country. A notable death occurred here on the ICth instant, when Frederick Marriott, proprietor of the well-known Kcics Letter, passed into the world of shadows. He was an Englishman, born at Enfield, near London, and at the time of his decease within seven months of eighty years of age. I knew the man well during his 'California career, for he had been in San I1 rau cisco engaged in mercantile business before he took to journalism since 1849. His life was one of adventure. It was said that he founded the London Illustrated Heivs—I Mvethe story as it was told me—and sold out nis interest ill that popular weekly for £45,000, with which he went merchandising in India and China, before gold was discovered in California. He started the San Francisco Hems Letter in 1855 or 1850, a mere compilation of news at first, but as his means increased, and he felt the material of which the community was composed, he made it one of the most trenchant, unscrupulous sheets that ever left the press. No character or cause was safe from attack by the incisive pens of his writers if there was money enough to move them ; and it was well known his editorial columns were open to all comers who chose to pay for making a parade of their antipathies and personal grievances. There could be no mistake about this, in fact, for the cut of a cash-box was placed at the head of his paper, with the motto, " Cur principles," and kept there feu- many years. He laughed at all tilings, sacred and profane, and took particular pleasure in attacking the Catholic Church. He recruited his writers from the clubs, men of leisure, who wrote more for the gratification of their own feelings, or to get even on an. enemy, than for pay. He would pick up an unfrocked priest occasionally, well educated, but dissipated and irresponsible, and work his brains till exhausted, and then coolly bid liim good morning. What became of him lie knew not nor cared. What became of any of his writers was a matter of no consideration to liim. A more cold-hearted, unscrupulous, thorough business man never undertook tne taslc of money-making. He succeeded reasonably well, and considered the several floggings he received by parties assailed in his columns as incidents of journalistic life. He despised the world's opinion just as much as tlieworld d espised him; and the sharpest among them when tliey undertook to use "the old man" generally opened their eyes on the fact that they were fooled to the top o' their bent. Marriott must have had some good qualities, but you cannot find any one to admit them, and there fore no regrets follow him to his grave. He died of a disease not uncommon at his years called senile gangrene. A curious and cruel case of spirit delusion came to light last week. The deluded woman is an aged and wealthy widow, worth 100,000 dollars, and the deluder a female medium. The widow, whose name is Sleeper, was made to believe that her daughter, who died, aged six, had grown to woman's estate in the spirit world, and now desired to revisit her mother. If the latter would call at the medium's rooms the long-lost daughter would "materialise" so that the aged parent might see her in the flesh-again. Will it be believed that this poor old woman fell into so plain a trap, and that she nightly visited the medium's den to em brace and hold conversation with the suppositi tious daughter, who .was no other than the medium herself disguised. In the course of time tlic daughter informed the doting old woman that she intended to marry a spirit called Prince Otto, and she must " put up" for a wedding feast, the guests at which would be composed equally of spirits and those yet in the flesh. The fond and foolish mother did so, and the scene at this spirit wedding beggars description. Among the noble ghosts repre sented to be present were the queen mother of the groom, the Empress Josephine, and Albert, Prince of Wales. It was an awful fr.: ■; and sensible people are beginning toe- u-u- if thesa "spirit mediums" cannot be suppressed as a common nuisance. On investigation it was found the medium had Mrs. Sleeper so com pletely in her power that the old lady intended to make her sole heir to her property. The Christmas season, now upon us, is not as busy a one as expected for shopkeepers and business men. The number of those who pur chase seasonable gifts has, as I am informed by some dealers, fallen off materially, and the articles bought are generally inexpensive. Contraction in business is the cause assigned for this and the scarcity of money m the hands of the general public. Hf course costly presents will he made by . a feu plutocrats in the community, but as a rule diamonds and gold and silver trinkets are avoided by persons of narrower means m favor of articles of utility that minister to a more useful purpose than merely exciting pride and vanity. It is surprising how many ong faces one meets on the streets at this festive season, and I never before realised so ully how utterly without interest is Christmas tide to disappointed and moneyless men. I pay disappointed, because I am convinced one cause of the trouble is the recent change in the national administration. It has blanked the prospects of a great many. ... ,, The theatres have not done much during tne month. "Nana Sahib," a version of the romantic military spectacle produced m Paris by Sarah Bernhardt and M. Damala, the text in this instance being written by Mr. Barnes, of the Cull, was produced at the Grand Opera Home, 'it is a noisy, florid spectacle, founded on Nam's adventures at Cawnpore in 1S57-5S. The trouble is that in staging the piece it wa- overloaded with business, and its story oHcured in places by the smoke and blood. "'Private Secretary" did a good bustiie.ss at the Baldwin, and will be revived for Christmas week. The next attraction will be the Emma Abbott Opera Company. Leavitt Ci^aiitio Speciality Company is at .L,-,', ... Theatre, and the Standard Minstrels at Emerson's, 