MISCELTJANEOUS. The Emperor of Germany haa sent a con tribution of 100m. to tbe fond for those rendered homeless fay the catastrophe at Oologne. Two years ego* tbe eo-called Shepira nun. aoriptswere held in London at a valuation of £1,000,000. The other day they were aold for eighty oent*. The present Lord Sndaley u acquiring fame in England, not by speeches in Parliament, but by the quality of the jam manufactured at a factoiy which h» owns. i. B. Fanning, of Newton County, Missis sippi, was wounded in the fsoe in 1863. Last month the bullet fell into hii mouth, baring been twenty-two years working an inch down ward. Wlien Judge Hale, who had been a fierce .wash bnetler in his youth, sat in judgment Upon one of his former boon oompanions, he took advantage of the retirement of the jury to ask tbe culprit in the dock sundry questions touching their old easooiates. "ihef are all hanged, my lord," answered the knave, "exoept you and me." The deer forest of Blaok Mount, in Argyll shire, Scotjand, which extends to 100,000 cores, hu been sublet by the representatives of the late Lord feudley to Sir. Daniel Cooper. The term for which Lord Dudley had leased the Black Mount expires next Mar. and the forest will then revert to the owner, Lord BrMalbane. Fire caiformed members of the Sal ratios Army were before ? Chicago Justioe of the Peaoeior obstructing the publio streets andfor disorderly eondnot. It was clanged by certain resident* that the Salnttionists made sight* hideous and attracted disorderly crowds. They were fined ten dollars each and ordered to Bridewell At a recent sale is London the following literary curiosities were to be disposed of at auction* A holograph letter from Catherine of Aragon to Cardinal Santa Orui | a letter from Qneen Elizabeth to Henry TV. referring to the recent attempt* on hi* life and her own j letters from Nelson to Lad; Hamilton j a letter from Goldsmith to Garnsk, referring to the rejeotion of his play, " Bhe 8toonstoOonquer," and tbe original manusoript of Byron's "Siege of Corinth." It is hinted that the Princess of Wales wear* a wig, and it is aatd that the faot is that die is bald, or nearly so, Her hud' was shaved during a severe illness, and her hair has elnce refused to crow t consequently tbe royal ward robe includes city wigs, the distinguishing feature of which is that the ourl* are brought well over the forehead, ArtUtio dressing serves another purpose also, and the presence of a mark of disfigurement on the awan-Uke neck is effectually concealed by the high collar, large bow, bend of velvet, or other artless con t-i-if* invariably worn by the future Queen. The organ in the Salt Lake City Temple bae 2704 pipes and fifty-seven atops. Some of the pipes are 80ft long and large enough to admit the bodies of three men. The tower* that rise on either aide are 48ft. high, with a niche left between them for the Goddess of Music. This immense instrument of music, which is nearly aa large aa a cottage, is elaborately carved by hand. It is impossible to estimate the cost of it, as it was built in the early days, when freighting waadone by ox team* across the plains, and many of the workmen only reoeived provisions for their labour. Odeiodb Adtbntum.-A curious adventure happened to a Guardsman, Trooper Grubh, Trooper Grubh, who belonged to the 22nd I Life Guards, in *ome intorntable fashion lost his regiment ont in the desert. The re- ] gimtntr came back to "England, home, and beauty," hut no Grnbb with it, andtheaoldier'a oomradei mourned the missing man and gave him up for lost. This week Trooper Grnbb as brown as a bronte penny, walked into the cavalry barracks, 'Windsor, startled the guard with the Idea of a ghost, dulyreported him eelf, end received an ovation. With regard to British pluck, Grubh, it appears, when he found out that hi* regiment bad disappeared, quietly sat down to map out hi* conn* back to the Nile, and by dint of hard tiding, hard fighting, and dare-devil gallantry, made his way to the confines of civilisation. 