SPORTING NOTES. By Newmarket. No sport is pursued wfth greater avidity than that of steepleobasing, and whenever jumping races predominate in a pro gramme, the club under whose auspices such a meeting is held oau . rely on receiving a large snare of public patronage- In point ot interest the g ther ing to fas held at Cauifield is one of .the most important of the season., and there is little fear that if the weather is st all favourable, the course will' he well - attended. Proceed ings will commence with the Sapling Stakes, for which I like Edith, Louise, Bertha, and Inuecdo, The Hurdle R.ee may go to The Aguifc, and r-e>t to him 1 like Huntsman and The Grand National theejrieehaBa promises to result lu s oapital contest, and I anticipate that they will finish Wymlet, Studley, and Minerva. For the Balclaava Stakes I incline to the chances of Too Too, Bohfetnian, and Waifield. On Tuesday last, I took a run out to Cauifield, and though I did not leave the Plicae's Bridge etati n until past 9 o'clock, I_ reached the heath in ample time to witness the bulk of the morning's work. Just as 1 got on the track, P. Hey wood sent C&lma;, Oardins, a d another a-good etriding g&liop.; The Cauifield Oup winner of two years ago goes with great fire and deter urination- when extended, but aftcfc he had fcben tubbed down hie could barely hobble off the course. This lameness, however, is a characteristic of the Yattendon family, and I have often seen Chester and Grand Flaneur return to their boxes Very dotty after a gallop. Calma was fired about two years ago, and should bis legs admit of his receiving a preparation, it is quite on the cards th3t be may repeat- his C3up of i88. One of the fittest horses on the ground was Hippcgriff, who put in a couple of rounds at a strong pace, and ap peared very anxious to overpower his tiny rider. I saw Blink Bonny doing medium-paced work; She lcoks very- big, and, if cold weather continues much longer, I doubt whether she can be got ready in time for the Cauifield Cup without hurrying her in her preparation. Bohemian hit oat for a merry spin after he get to the top of the hill, which would lead to the inference that he will he asked to put his best foot first in the Balaclava Stakes on Saturday. Evidently with the same ofcjsct in view, Too Too, with O'Brien up, ran a sharp seven furlongs, the last six of which were covered in lmin. 25scc — a fair performance when the heavy state cf the going is taken into consideration. I saw tht-®Tasmankn steeplechasers General J&ckson; aad Rosiarucian on the ground. The first named hit out- for a couple of rounds, and, from what I saw of him. I should think that he wili develop into a useful candidate for jumping honours. I saw Wsverly on the track. This horse has developed musical tendencies, and makes a bit of a noise when he gallops. Astronomer, another Tasmanian was out, but he misbehaved himself soon after being stripped by getting rid of his rider, and, what is still worse, kicked him viciouely several times as he momentarily hung in the stirrups. Batty then got on the " scientist," and soon showed him that bucking was not an element in the racing carrieulum. O'Brien also met with a slight accident, He Was riding bis own horse Yanderbrit a gallop, and while watch, ir-g one of T. Jones's colts, who ran off the track, and made for the gate near the Stables, Yacderbilt bungled into a hurdle, and threw O'Brien Over his head, fortunately without injuring him. Dick Rbwc gave Grattau easy work, and was followed by Pine- top, Postboy, Deceiver, Robin, Lizette, The Ghost, Grace Darling, Nuncio, Dunetan, and a number of ethers. The contractor is pushing forward with the new addition to the grand stand at Cauifield, and in a feW weeks the work will be quite finished. The people's grand-stand on the ffat is eo far completed to admit of its being used fo- to day's meeting— a boon that no doubt visitors to thst part of the course will not be elew to avail themselves of. Except ing that the ground was, as may naturally be supposed, a little heavy, the course looked in splendid order, the grass springing up verdantly ail over the various enclosures. The jumps on the raised portion of the Steeplechase course have been erected, and will be crossed to-day for the first lime. The three obstacles are a four-railed fence, pailiog fenca, end a low fence, similar to the one at Fiemir-gton, though not quite so high. Hitherto, when our American cousins have found it necessary to import a -fresh strain of blood into their studs, they havo sought England as the only place where the want cor Id be supplied. Now, however, te fame of the colonial racehorse has become So great that we bid fair to wean some of tbe American p&tron;≥ from the mother country. Rt ferric# to the subject, the Spirit of the TimeB" says: — "W' fin Macaulsy wrote of the New ZeaUnder on London Biidge, he could have had but little conception cf tbe growth of the Australian colonies, which premise to become one of the mightiest empires of the earth, and, while we claim their people as kinsmen, can well regard them as formidable rivals on the turf. Wherever Eugliehmen and Irishmen settle, racing finds a home, and, in its proportions, the turf of Australia and New Zealand is quite the equal of England. In no country is racing mcr systematic, and, from ail we have read, and from the representations of friends, we can only conclude that the Australians have some great racehorses. We are led to these remarks by an event of singular importance, both to America and Australia. Mr. J B. Baggie, tbe California breeder, who races in conjunction with Jhis son, Mr B. A. Haggin, of this city, is in quest of a new stallion, and it is very likely be wili purchase tbe celebrated Commotion, if. indeed, negotiations have not been opened.' Mr. Bepgin has Kyrle Daly, but the latter is now fifteen years old, and fi ling the stud with bis iilliee, hence the need of & new ttalliou. Mr. Mackay is manager of the stud. He visited Australia, ana in his opinion Commotion is the best horse on earth. Mr. Maokey would rather have him than any untried sire he knows, and from all we read we think bis judgment wise. Commotion's importation would bring us a new and fresh cross. He dips twioe into Melbourne and Touchstone. Besides it would introduce a new male line, that of Venison, a sterling sort, and one rnnoh needed, reinforced as it is with the blood of Melbourne, Blacklook, and Defence." Few horses have done more to entitle them to be classed among the most brilliant performer on the turf than Liberator, whose racing career was prematurely extinguished through an acoidcnt to one of his legs on tjhe training ground. I saw him at hie owner's ! stud farm at Bex Hill a few days ago; where ' he is at the service of. the public at the moderate fee of eight guineas ; and. as he is J one of the handsomest hordes at the stud he ought to prove a very valuable sire, fie \ is t-f tee most aristocratic linkage , Die £ i » I«h Xing, sob ot Stockwell fiom Irish Queen, by Harkaway. Anyone who h is got a Panic mare, or marcs with a. Biarao strain in them, ought not to fail to avail themselves of tbe services of this fine young vigorous sire who is bound to make a name for himself at the stud. The paddoeks at Kelshaw are well clothed with grass, and owners can send their mares to Liberator with the confidence that tbey will be well cared for; and tbis is moie than can be E&id; in the me jerky of instances, Messrs. William C. Yuile and Co. report having sold privately the following borset;— Parnim, by Fanic; the well-known hurdle raceboiees Grattan and Footman ; end Forward, half-brother to Progress. At the sale of Mr. Weeks's horses e| Tattersall's Bazaar, on Wednesday last, Mr, J. Cohen, -the bookmaker, gave 255 guineas for Edith, the winner of the Geeloag Twt . year-oldjjStskea, At the same eale, Mr. g, Martin gave 210 guineas for Garibaldi, by Neckerfgat from Belkna. This ycung- ster, I am assured, is wonderfully fast, a statement I am quite prepared to believe, eb he inherits speed on both eides, his dam. Belloca, being a foil sister to Baron von Mueller and a daughter of Lucifer and Bl&ck; Gipy (Jam of Pride of the Hi lb and King cf the Gipsies). Caulfldd, by Newmicster from R-dief, weot to Mr. H, Rainebury for lio guineas, and Mr. M. Smith gave 75 guineas for tbe burdleracer Fusilier. Spero, by Bolton Green from Spes, was knocked down to Mr. T. Jones for 90 guineas; and J ICmg, the jockey, got Taxaraxaoum fcr 37. guir.eae. ftlelcdious was put up, but the 5 00 effered did not tempt her owner to patt with btr. Mr R Jardin?, a popu'ar owner cf race horses in England, has had the honour oi a baronetcy conferred n him. From cur English fi'es I learn that the once well-known jocbry W. Newbouee dk-d In Jn e last at the age of tbirt> -three year?. Although he never Keered the winner cf any c-f t clafsio evi nts, he h3s wen a nmnh?r of big races in England His most strisa. Honal vietcxy, however, during the wbola o! hia career was, perhaps, wbr.n he vcu the Chester Gup in 1870 on tbe c-utsidei Our Mary Ann. I see that the funeral was attended by upwards of 200 person?, among whom were several pr minent patrons of tbe turf. A very affectionate and poetic tribute of respect was paid to tbe memory of the deceased jockey by F. Aicher who had tbe bottom cf the grave of bis eonf «te covered with moss roses. A magnificent wreath of flowers was laid on the coffin, to which vas attached a card, cp n which was writ eo, ' In remembrance. F. Archer, Falmouth- ; house, Newmarket." j In Sydney, Honeydew and Kathleen share J the honours of favcoriti- mm the EUwkeebuiy Handicap at 106 to 7 each ; Farewell also meets with support at 100 to 5. Dnolf>paiid j tjralla have aho been backed for the Y.B.C. j Derby to win £1,000 each at 10 to 1. j I am sorry to eay that tfce well known I trainer F. L?ng is nt present an inmate of I the Alfred Horpital. It appears that Lerg I was assisting to put a colt in & huree-box st I tbe Cauifield railway station When t! e 1 youngster backed up against the heavy I Cacsing it to fall with &11 its weight II I Lang's leg, just above the knee. After tie 1 first paroxysm of pain was over. L-ng I thought to proceed with the horse i" die 1 Moonee Valley Raoes. The irj rv proved to I he more serions than was at first acricipa tec, fl and he was taken to tbe hospital, whers a he now lies. i Good. aoQonnts reach me of the daegs cf j| Despot on the Bandwick traiaing- grenrd, S and my informant thinks that if the grey || son of Msribyrnoog continues to improve |1 he wili give a good account of himscU tbie || spring. He is engaged in the Cauifield CP M at 7st 71b and the Melbourne Cup at 7st 2'b J || so that if he is as good 68 his trainer jjl imagined a . couple of years age, weigh |g certainly ought not to stop lrim ?f® '1 winning. Monte Christo is a'si favourably J spoken of ; and Kingedale, First Chester. « and the New Zealand horses are all dciug p good preparatory work. h| A New Zealand exchange says " A csr« pi of some interest to sporting men wss fiecioea B| in Napier a few days back Mr. p| Caulton was sued by on JlIio Jobnsto£» pi who had deposited £5 in his Lanls to piads J bet. It appeal od that the day after the hf |g was made Johnstone repudiated if, fp wished to have his stake returned ; bat Mr. JH Caulton declined to accede to his requ< JH and Johnstone then commenced an acuoo w its recovery. The defence wis thst t&fl; 9 reoovery of the money was barred by ei&tok.; ! The magistrate delivered the fo!lopl"5 HH judgment This Is a care in wbh-h 11 . plaintiff sues the defendant fcr the ec® |w £5, paid to the defendant to await tbe e1 J|S of a wager. The payment cf the eu® IS admitted : also, the fact that tbe 9| repod ated the wager and demanded C1j money back. It was urged by the cc0.Be_ for the deferd»nt that the ala:m was vc-t i J <t$m statute, in support of which be quctt» JjM Gamicg and Lotteries Act, 1881. section6 H to 15 and section 33, tbe latter being tbe o relied on. It was also urged by the lor tbe plaintiff that the latter was 6C jB to recover, in support of which the ccw « quoted the case cf Hsmpdec v. Queen's Bench Division, page 187, ana o cases referred to in Rose '<? A1'5' fourteenth edition, page 557 and Mb Digest, page 1.951. Tbe most ifceot c JB and the one that must rule this («s .8' ggflB decision under the Er glish statute > l0t- .jj|B the 18th section cf wbich is ilenues1 B our Gaming and Lotteries Act, 1SS1, » .K - 83) is that of Hampden v. Walsh. case. Lord Chief Justioa CockburO) quoting from the case of Yarney v. said ; « An action fo«- money had aud flK having been brought by the rrcover a deposit, tbe statute 8-9 109, was relied upon for the defence. was held by the C urt, consisting ot Gresswetl, and Williairs, that the PJL gBB Sfofion 18 relating to deposits apply only to the non-recovery by of a sum deposited by tbe other Fl jpB abide the event, and not to the 3|B depositor to recover back bis demanded befare tho money wssF81 , Judgment wiU tfcrrefore be for for £5, with coster I5s , wftneeret jB olfrii0te fee, £1 is " w \- bag y - example to our wealthy patrons of the Australian tut! by nominating a colt foal by Liberator from Princess of Russia for the Great Eclipse Stakes of £10,000, to be run at the summer meeting st Sundown Park (England) in 1888. I saw the youngster at hie owner's stud about » f jitnight ago, and I am not surprised at tbe high estimation in which he is held. His breeding is first class, &b; his dam is from a mare by Jersey, and goes back to Whizgig, the maternal ancestor of some of the best of the Tasmanian-bred horses. To send an Australian horse to Eogland to measu e strides with the cracks of the old country is a very plucky undertaking, and 1 hope that the spirited owner of the coit will be well rewarded for his enterprise. A pleasant afternoon was spent at Moonee Valley on Saturday. Those who stuck to Louite Bertha in the opening event ljst preity heavily, as the daughter of Darriwell failfd to run up to expectations, and did not sueeeea iu getting, into a place. The finish between Innuendo and Uranus was very close, and some thick that Mr. Patterson's youogeter ought to have won. Innuendo, however, was fortunate in landing Mr. Whittingham's colours first past the post. The Taimanian chesnut Wat field E3ored a clever win in the August Handicap, but he hung in a little at the finish, and a protest was entered against his rider for jostling. The stewards, however, after bearieg the statement of young Be&ce;, declined to interfere with the judge's verdict. The Steeplechase was the surprise of the day, as Scobeioff, who was a remote outsider, won very easily. With a 7ib. penalty up, Warfieli failed to get a situation in the concluding event, which was won by Berkley, Whatever other desirable qualities the progeny of Neckersgat may possess, there is no denying that they have proved that they have great pace, as the doings of Newsfcead aDd Dunlop have testified. On Saturday last, Madeline, another of Neckemg&t;'e daughters, distinguished herself by winning the bapling Stakes in Adelaide, beating Micawber, Trojsn, and seven ethers. That unlucky mare Chrysalis, again ran second in the Steeplechase. b-dne defeated by Swordfish. Tarpeia disposed of Isonomy and some others in the August Handicap, bat it seems that the coit goi ail the worst of the start. Scratchings. — V.AT.C. Sapling Stakes- The Fobber, Worcester, Marchioness filly, Advance, Nitchero, See Saw, Washington, Prophetess fiily, Benzoni, Innuendo, Harmony, Austral, Polmont, Brolga. Balaclava Stakes: Precious St ne, Hobarfc, Maydew. Selling Raee : Mabel Grey. Caulfield Cup : B ranis JDuodc-e, Silver King, Fernside, Cincinnatus, King of the Gipsies. A cablegram was received at theV.B.G. office from New Zealand notifying that T&sm;&n; had been struck out of the Mel bourne Cup on Monday, the 3rd August. Telegraphing, at this rate, is slower than the boat. The friends of the veteran sportsman Mr. J. Tait will be sorry to hear that he is again seriously ill. Entries for the Elsternwick Park Baces will be due on Monday next, the 17th inst. 