My Cousins and I.* BY ISABELLA BANKS. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] CHAPTER XII. MRS. CHERRITOPS DECIDES TO GO TO THE FLOWER SHOW. JULY has come in bright and beautiful—just the day for the Swallowford Flower Show. A sky of ethereal blue, with not a cloud on its surface, and the heat of the early morning in- supportable. " The first of July," announces Aunt Gladys the moment we meet. " What a day we are having I" Half-an-hour later I am sitting down to "breakfast alone. Uncle Ralph and Aunt Gladys could wait for no one. They are half way to * All rights reserved by the.author. Swallowford by now, and my cousins are both fast asl ep in bed. The pota-bag is brought in and I unlock it. A letter fur inc. 1 can t>ee at a glance tliut it is from Mrs. Cherritops. I break the seal and read: " I hikve juat bocn thinking over what Major Vcntnor said the other day about that i-oppy show—" Nine-tenths of the ptople won't go Kr the Ho vers.' Wry well tluii ! Why should we? You and I, thereforo, hid better decide to go fur the same thing that the majority go for—to sec and to be seen ! Of course we shall want to know how the people come and how they go, and to tind out these particular* one must have a local ajrent on the spot —hence you and I had better appear there in person some time during the afternoon- and if Florence and Mary are not down when your uncle and aunt go off (for I make no doubt they will be the first people of importance to get there) tell them to wait for me, for I mean to come round and take luncheon with you beforo going." I am glad that Mrs. Cherritops has come to this sudden decision —though it is no more than I have been expecting, since she has been known to change her mind twenty times in ono day. But lam especially glad of the oppor tunity it will afford me to look up a little in formation respecting Humphrey's affaire dv cwur in the village, because I have heard that Amy Ward is'going to the flower show, and if Humphrey is not there to take care of her she may find some other lover among her village mates. " Have you been reading up, Mary ?" asks Mrs. Cherritops, by-and-by, when we are driving along the roads and nearing the ferry station. "Readingup?" quotes Mary absently. "What branch of science?" " I mean have you not mastered some of the big names you will havo to encounter pre sently ?" " 1 haven't thought of it," laughing. "Then I shan't envy you when you get to the show. You will be in a perfect dilemma over the signification of them." " That will be the best part of the affair," says Mary. "There is something awfully grand in a name one can't either spell or under* stand." Mrs. (Jherritops looks incredulous, and ap peals directly to Florence. " Have you been studying for it ?" "What is the subject?" queries Florence. "Botany?" '' That is doubtful. I should say Latin." "I generally find that tho most insignificant looking ftowors have got the grandest names," I interpose. " There is nothing new in that remark, my dear Harriet," says Mrs. Cherritops with a sneer. "Everyone will agree that we havo got as many rare flowers in our conservatories we shall find to-day at the show, but we haven't got quite the same names for them. Do you know, for instance, what tho Xeranthemum- Arraeum is ?" "That is an everlasting," says Mary. "We had a splendid collection of everlastings last year." "Oh, you've got your Latin at your fingei*' ends," says Mrs. Cnerritops. " You know the Bodanthc-Atrosanguineum and the Waitzia- Coryrabosa of course ?" "The Waitzia is merely another variety.* " They are both everlastings, my aeur,' «ays Mrs. Cherritops. " But these wretched com posites are mere trifles in comparison to the names just imported with some new climber* which Mr. Cherritops was reading about this morning." " How very interesting," says Mary* "1 doubt it," retorts Mrs. Cherritops petu lantly. " Ono never beheld such odd-looking words as some of the compounds now in use, and half of them unutterable. Mr. Cherri tops said he had no idea tho alphabet could have undergone such frightful transpositions." " It is high Dutch to me," I remark. "It is 'high-falutin' more likely—the greatest weakness of the age," says Mrs. Cherritops. "Ifind that composites are the order of the day from ' high-falutin' downwards." "There's a mania for pronouncing long names just about now I grant. I fancy, too, It is a little on the increase." " All who happen to be touched with that malady will have a happy time of it at the show, so far as the climbers are concerned," announces Mrs. Cherritops. " Tho Hcypan thus Van Volxcmii and the Quamoclit are nothing to the new varieties." " The Lapagcria is the last now climber we have got at the Manor," I comment. "You needn't worry yourself, my dear Harriet," says Mrs. Cherritops. "You and I are not going for the flowers, and it's no use pretending to each other that we are." " We have gained the summit of the last hill this side of the Severn, about on a level with the high sandbanks back in the distance, and I suddenly become conscious that there is a tremendous throng of people about. Pedes trians, equestrians, and carriage-folk are crowd ing one in upon the other in confusion, and the ferry boats are going to and fro with amazing rapidity. There are three boats plying at the ferry this morning, but even this number is inadequate to the press for the transfer-passage, and each time the larger vessel returns the crowding of vehicles gets more serious, and the freight ao heavy that the boat is quite low in the water by the time she puts off, whilst the ferrymen them selves look worked to death. Mrs. Cherritops slackens speed. We are too late for a place on the carriage- boat for a long while yet, for it is clear that wo shall have to take our turn with the hundreds who are here before us, and it is no use crowding in to the station just for the pleasure of looking across this narrow channel with its opposite bank so near and the chance of reaching it so far off. Whilst we are crawling along a carriage drawn by a pair of splendid grays suddenly overtakes us, and dashing down the hill gets into the ferry-station cleverly before us. We have many a smile and nod from the occupants of this brilliant equipage as it thus gets before us in the race, but Mrs. Cherritops is not disposed to overlook the affront so peace fully. "It is a piece of effrontery none but the Sacheverels would be guilty of," she comraoate*. "If I wire Mrs. Sacheverel, and had nothing? handsomer in the way of daughters thM those* three nenji-fnTtlidH, I would bring Horn oufc with a little lean display." " Violet looks very pale," I obutttvo. " Oh, is she the one with the church-yard* cough now? Last summer, rf, you remember, its was Poppy who was supposed to be going in. fora wooden surtout first. They are all a» white as ghosts I grant, but that is no- sign- of consumption. I verily believe that the more deli cate a girl looks the stronger she really is." It is a diversion to sit here and watch the three transfer-packets as they cross and re croaa with their living freight. The rapidity of the two smaller veaacls gives them a goodly number of passengers at each starting, for only those who will not trust their lives to the dangers with which they are fraught wait the return of the carriage-boat, and the difficulty of obtaining standing room on it. A third time the larger vessel crosses and returns since we have como upon the scene, and still we are left behind. Mrs. Cherritops ia busying herself in inspecting the various kinds of vehicles as they pass over to the boat, won dering if the Sachovcrels' coachman will manage to outwit any more of the passengers; and when sho finds they are still left on the bank with us she is so delighted that it completely restores her good humour. A fair number of the horses are not disposed to tako this mode of transfer in a like genial rein to the passengers. Some of them plunge so violently that they seem bent on making a present of themselves and their belongings to the running tide. The horses attached to the Sacheverel carriage arc of this order, and the coachman aud footman have hard work to manago them, though they have succeeded in getting them safely on to the boat at last, much to Mrs. Cherritops's amusement; and, as we arc also on board with the grays, Mrs. Sacheverel cannot boast of having achieved any triumph of speed. The vessel is still heavily freighted; it id as low as ever in the water, and tho grays arc having their heads held down Ignominioualy as they stand in the ranks with us. " How quiet those lovely creatures are!" says Mra. Sacheverel, alluding to Mrs. Cherritops's piebalds; and, on the principle of gui aime Bertrand aime son chien, Mrs. Cherritops smiles, and is the best of friends with Mrs. Sacheverel in a moment. "I think of having some ponies for my daughters. Daisy is learning to drive, but the exertion is I fear rather too much for her—isn't it Daisy, dear?" Daisy looks perfectly passive, and makes no sort of reply ; still her mother seems to think herself answered, and tries her luck in another quarter. " I wish I could tempt Violet to take a little more exercise," she resumes; "but Violet won't hear of it—will you, my dear? And as for Poppy, she is so fearfully afraid of horses that we cannot even get her to ride—can we, Poppy ?" " Can't they ride yet ?" demands Mrs. Cherri tops. " I rode before I was ten." " Very likely—perhaps you were strong? My daughters are bo delicate that the least exer tion in that way makes them ill. Every physi cian I have consulted tells me that I must study their health before everything." " That is advice very necessary for us all, ■ays Mrs. Cherritopa. "Without health, of what use are accomplishments of any kind to us?" "Wo are very low in tho water," I observe casually to Mrs. Sachevercl, when we are about midway across. " Very—you are not nervous, are you?" " Oh, mamma 1" cries Poppy Sacheverel. " There is nothing to fear, my love," says her mother. "Is there, Miss Hotspur T "Not that I am aware of, I answer; for Poppy Sacheverel's fears amaze me. She is by no means a little girl—being about Florence's age, but having little or nothing of Florence's experience. ft Mamma, are you sure there is no danger ?" ■he persists. "Do they ever have an accident kenf ...» "Sometimes if they are not careful," sari Mrs. Chcvritops, for she enjoys seeing the fiaeheverel girls display their wont ftars. " I •f ten think it is as well to bribe old Charon before starting." .... Mrs. Sacheverel looks perfectly scandalised. " Let me beg of you," she protests, " to desist from this sort of thing. Poppy is always very nervous on the water, Miss Hotspur," she adds, taming to me. " Accidents are very unusual here, I observe. "We have not heard of one for a very long time." "You forget, Harriet," interposes Mrs. Oherritops. " There was an accident only two months ago at this very station—the little boat capsized. Don't you remember the boatmen telling us about it the other day?" "I heard of it also," allows Mrs. Sacheverel. " A little boy from Swallowford was drowned. It was no one we knew. Poppy." "I wish it hadn't happened," says Poppy apprehensively, looking over the sides of the vessel at the flowing river. " Have we passed the place?" x „ _ "We shall strand in another moment," I comment, "and then your fears will be at rest. We must have passed the spot long ago." "No, we are just coming to it," says Mrs. Cherritops. "It was on this side that it hap pened—just as the little boat was about to ■trand." " I shall be glad to get off this vessel," says Poppy, growing more and more nervous; ' I hate being on the ferry." "Foolish girl!" says Mrs. Oherritops. "You will spoil your day's pleasure if you fidget in that manner. The transfer-passage is the very best part of the programme." Very soon the boat is stranded. The grays are glad to get back their freedom, for they dash up the bank and carry their freight off to the flower show at full speed. Mrs. Cherritops also gives her ponies full rein, and they trot after this brilliant equipage in splendid style all the way to tho town, which we reach quickly enough now. We drive up the High street and find the four shops closed, as I pre dicted, clearly showing that the shopkeepers are gone either to the review or to the flower show with the rest of tho holiday-makers. We get a glimpse of the tents before we reach the grounds. A large marquee is pitched for the choicest specimens, and here we find the dite of the neighbourhood gathered in solemn conclave, but no more come to admire the begonias, fuchsias, and Hliuras than I am. Everything about the grounds is arranged in the daintiest style, and tho skill and taste everywhere is, bo to speak, worthy of better sight-seers. Tho avenues are bright and pretty, graceful palms waving their feathery branches on one aide, and a choice collection of ornamental fruit-bearing shrubg, bright with he irlet and yellow berries, on the other. Here arc ranged annualu, biennials, and pe rennials of ovcry hue, standing on carp«ts of mosses of many varieties and interspersed with endless rowa of plants of the rose and poppy tribe —some under a classification of names that may be uttered by British tongues, and tho rest—where the order Composite) » ranged—branching off again into the unutter able. But a further description is unnecessary. We arc not come for the flowers, bat to see the people. "Before looking at anything," says Mra. Cherritops in an aside to me, "we will find your uncle and aunt; not for the pleasure of their company, but for the purpose of giving them a wide berth for the next half-hour." "They are at the Burkes'," I announce. "They gave their morning to the show, and are now gone to a late luncheon which has been got up for the occasion." "So much the better. Do you see any of our own people hero besides the Sacheverels ?" " There goes Dr. Cobden with a daughter on each side of him as usual. How do you like Jessie's dross?" I ask this with every show of interest for the purpose of getting Mrs. Cherritops's attention in a certain direction to prevent her from looking the opposite way, where I have been so unfortunate—or rather fortunate—as to glance myself, just in time to discover a truant couple sauntering along together, all in all to each other—Humphrey Cherritops and Amy Ward. Had Mrs. Cherritops made this discovery with me I think she must have fallen faint at our feet, for she has not even the slightest sus picion of the affair, although it is beginning to be whispered on many a tongue, nor has she any idea that Humphrey is at Swallowford, but fondly imagines he is at this very moment pursuing his forensic studies in the great city. I am therefore glad to perceive that Humphrey seizes the opportunity which my prudence and foresight have afforded him to tako a hurried leave of his companion and quit the grounds. I acknowledge myself a coward on the spot. I don't like breaking bad news to my friends. Ah, well- Give to a graoious message a host of tongues; But let ill tidings tell themselves. Very excellent counsel, this! and as I have no "gracious message" to convey I resolve to keep silent, and let these stirring particulars divulge themselves at their own leisure. " What is the matter with Jessie Cobden's dress?" says Mrs. Cherritops. "A cream sateen with a red band at the throat and waist is quite au fait. The lace, too, is of the mew lemon shade—a perfect gem. That dress was never made at Green's, Harriet. But where is Clement? oughtn't he to be here ?" "To find Clement," I announce, " it will be necessary to first find the Sacheverels. He is going in for Poppy at a fine rate, and I fancy I saw some of the Sacheverels round by that lovely variety of the Adiantum gracilium as we were passing by." "Oh! so we are all botanists and Latin scholars 'of the first water* to-day!" sneers Mrs. Cherritops. " I thought you and I had decided before starting to try and keep up our English in spite of the 'high falutin* 6f the period; and if that wretched composite is the right name for a pot or two of maidenhair fern the sooner we take Pope's advice and 'purposely go wrong* the better." " Have you noticed any tonals here besides my mothers?" asks my cousin Mary, addressing me at this stage. " There is a group, it strikes me, in that corner where one or two of our village people were assembled when we came in." I understand my cousin in a moment Humphrey Cherritops and Amy Ward were round by the lonal geraniums when we entered the grounds, and Mary is evidently suspicious that I am going to let the matter pass un heeded—a thing scarcely fair towards Mrs. Cherritops she evidently thinks. " Yes, I noticed them," I say merely. " Here are plenty of geraniums—l beg your pardon, Harriet—here are some new specimens of the order Oeranacese," says Mrs. Cherritops, ■topping presently in front of some bi- and tri coloured varieties. "There is a fine group yonder alsol Who would think the poor old crane's bill-to see it in its wild state—worthy of so much room at the show?" "Why have we come this way?" demands Florence at length. "There is nothing here but geraniums." " 111 tell you why we are come this way, Florence." answers Mrs. Cherritops. "Dr. Cobden has been chasing us about for the last ten minutes, and I don't mean to know it." " He has an ebject you think?" " Quite so. He would like to ask me to take care of Gertrude and Jessie for the rest of the afternoon while he pays a professional visit in the town. Dr. Cobden never loses a patient for the want of an opportunity." " Clement is here, 1' says Mary. " Surely he can take care of his sisters!" " Clement would much prefer taking care of his cousin Poppy Sacheverel," says Mrs. Cherri tops. "He is following his aunt's party about like its shadow, and he has no idea for the present of relieving his father of the care of his sisters," " I think we may reckon on that match as a settled thing," I comment, " Yes, I think so. Who made it—Dr. Cobden or Mrs. Sacheverel?" " I can't say, though both parties evidently approve of it. Dr. Cobden is very proud of his nieces." " He is prouder of bis daughters, I suspect," says Mrs. Cherritops; " though, for the life of me, I can never tell why, for Gertrude is clearly cut out for an old maid, and Jessie is reckoned the biggest flirt in the county. They are a nice pair, Harriet, for all their fathers pride in them!" " Oh, here you are!" says Miss Staveley, coming up with her niece Daisy Sacheverel. "We have been looking for you for the past half hour." „ " Looking for me V queries Mrs. Cherritops. "Yes, indeed we have," resumes Miss Stave ley. " Daisy and I want you to give Humphrey a good lecture for cutting us just now at the Mrs. Cherritops looks at her with astonish ment. She does not understand Miss Staveley in the least; though I understand her well enough, and I know that she has not come really to complain of Humphrey's slight, but to give his mother a clue to his affaire dv cceur with Amy Ward. "What are you talking about now?" says Mrs. Cherritops. " Humphrey has not been on the grounds. Such a trifling affair as this flower show would not be likely to bring him down from town." " Oh, he has certainly been here," says Miss Staveley. " Dr. Cobden met him and shook hands with him scarcely an hour ago." Mrs. Oherritops looks bewildered. She turns towards my cousins for some explanation; but Mary is trying to catch my eye at the same moment, and hence Mrs. Cherritops appeals to Florence. "Have you seen Humphrey here, my dear?" he asks.] No, Florence his not seen him. Florence never sees anyone, and she answers freely enough in the negative. . 44 Dr. Cobden is wrong," says Mrs. Chem tops. " I told you Humphrey wouldn't come down for these flower-pots and overblown roses." 441 don't think my brother-in-law can pos sibly be mistaken," reiterates Miss Staveley. 44 But I say that he is mistaken," says Mrs. Cherritops all unsuspectingly. "My son would not dream of coming to Swallowford without looking in first at the Hall." "Do remember," pleads Miss Staveley, 41 that Dr. Cobden has shaken hands with him. I oan assure you he is very positive about his having been here." Mrs. Cherritops stares hopelessly about her, and then sho turns to question Mary. " Yes, he was here when we came in," ray cousin answers honestly, and I know by her quiet tone that she has seen and known as much ef Humphrey's little love atfair as I know, though she means to keep silent on that matter. 41 You saw him, then, Mary dear?" Miss Staveley goes on quickly, as though determined to convince Mrs. Cherritops on the spot of her son's worthlessness. " Did you notice who was with him?" M lx 44 Who was with him V cries Mrs. Chen-Hops. 41 What does this mean ? My dear Mary, why didn't you tell me Humprey was here the moment you saw him ? What made you keep it from me?" " Don't alarm yourself, my dear Mrs. Cherri tops," pleads Miss Staveley. f<Don't try to alarm me!" she returns brusquely. 44 You are all doing your very best to frighten me, and yet you all know as well as I do that Humphrey is in town all the while — and if anyone has seen him it must have been his ghost I* "Really!" says Miss Staveley, as she moves away with Daisy Sacheverel. i 4 It was not » ghost who was with him—was it, Daisy?" [TO BE OONTI2TUBD.] 