HOME 3TBUTIIS. ' ' - fBr Cosmopolitan. 1 . No. V. ' : ; .Have you seep, tlie news, this morning, John? ' - i Yes, Jim, .and it .seems ( to me that it wont be, long before there's a regular set-to lietween the Lion and the Bear. It's been brewing-a long time, and must come off sooner' or , later, and I think, therefore, 'the sooner we get it over the Wiflp.- VVhpriflrpi' ipp Tiavfi anv trouble on hand, such aa this wretched Egyptian business', _ Russia' tries it on. England's difficulty' is Russia's opportunity. She's oiir bugbear, and though she looks a big lot to tackle', I don't myself think much of her. _ J3he has been long' overshadowing Europe, , tut fp'rj my part 1 think there's more of the 'bug than tiie real bear about her. The bladder joWy wants pricking to Collapse, They say tlie RuEaian policy of continual encroachment is based upon a will made by. Peter the Great, in which ,'ra' sort ,pf .universal empire is aimed , at,, .and the! gradual absorption of Centiial Aiia has for its obiect the ultimate Conquest of India and Turkey. Certainly, Russia has not, so far, gained anything by h§r encroachments except increase in size, fend that at ab ^itiOtmous cost ; but bulk does, pot -always mean strength. The regions .she' lias annexed do not pay for their' keep, and are' certainly not worth holding, '-except as opening up a road to India. She has now completed the road, but the wofk lias left her bankrupt. The Russian is especially a gambler, and he is kbout to make his last throw— India or nothing. ' Russia is in such a ruined con dition-- that sh^ cannot postpone the attempt. Her credit is gone, her national resources are exhausted, and all ' she has ? ti- show is a huge army, andan accumulation of war material. Evidently her only chance is to utilise these at -once,- and by 'their means she hopes to secure a rich prize, like India, ^he;plundering of 'which would, even if Ehe could not hold it permanently, re plenish' lier' exchequer. She thinks Eng ird .is: in -.difficulties in Egypt, and sbe has. therefore, decided on making her grand -coup at once, to be followed np, if SUccessfuC by a inarch on Constantinople. It's a bold stroke, but it is the only chance she ;has. of avoiding a total collapse. She hopes to take England unprepared, and the fact of Mr Gladstone being in power immensely favors :her designs. No one has helped her on her onward course more than he has. Still, I don't think she has a ghost jpf«a chance, and it puzzles me how she can so underrate the power and resources. -of Great Britain as to engage in ?. a life and death .struggle with her. Foreigners, and, indeed, many amongst ourselves, take such false views on the subject, misled no doubt by outward appearances. 5Th'ey compared the small army England keeps up in time of peace with the vast:hosts«f Continental nations. They don't see that this very policy, cir cumstanced as: she is, ' constitutes her strength,' inasmuch as she is husbanding and increasing her resources, whilst Con tinental, powers are frittering theirs away in vain show. Of course all human policy is imperfect, and England's has its weak poiuts, ?since hen war breaks out sud denly she is not as well prepared as her : neighbors; but, thanks to her insular position and her command of the sea, this U » nntUnn tn Jl,a n/liror. tages she gains by husbanding her re sources. She is secure against invasion, and can choose her own time for attack. In case of her dependencies being threatened she can, relying on her immense volunteer force, send abroad every soldier she has, and even her militia, and her naval resources enable her to transport them to the scene of action without incurring the casualties that a tend the long marches Russian troops h ive to make, and which so greatly reduce the number of effectives brought into line of battle. During the last 70 years of comparative peace England has actually reduced her national debt, whereas Con tinental nations, such as Russia and France, have, during the Bame period, created debts as large as her's in simply makins a disnlav of cower — which they really don't possess. In these countries vast numbers of men have been with drawn from civil life, and, as non- j producers, have been maintained at the j expense of the rest of the community, j Thus the candle has been burned at both ends. Meanwhile, England's wealth has in creased tenfold, and she could increase her debt in proportion, if necessary, without its being a greater burden to her than it was at the becrinninir of the century. If forced into war, she has, therefore, her resources unimpaired, and as war means stoppage of trade, throwing men out of work, she can increase her armies to equal those of other nations. Of officers she has any number she may require on half pay, or otherwise available. War nowa days is mainly a question of money. It is far more costly than it was at the begin ning of the century. The wealthiest Power must eventually gain the day, assuming her soldiers to be equal in fight ing quality to those of her antagonist. As Russia has squandered her resources in show, aud England has husbanded her's, it is scarcely doubtful which of the trio will conquer in a protracted contest. In the time of the great Napoleon, ' big battalions' might win the day, but now it is the largest purse. But, even as regards 'big battalions,' Great Britain has a larger popula tion to draw upon than any other nation. Her home population now exceeds that 'of France, and then there are the myriads she rules in the East, and should the war spread to Turkey, she can raise and oppose any number of men there to fight the hated Russ ; and last, though not least, come the colonies, with a population of nine millions, who would rally round her in the hour of danger. We have an earnest of this in the recent action of New South Wales in despatching, within a month from date of offer, a fully equipped contingent of 700 men to the Soudan, aud in the ready offers of theother Australian colonies and Canada. This has in itself created a profound impression throughout Europe, and lias enormously increased the prestige of Great Britain Still I think, itas well thatEngland should o ec'iue turtuerassistance ot tins sort, at any rateforthepresent. Should warwithRussia take place, the colonies will beBt help the Mother Country by putting themselves in a thorough state of defence, and so relieve her of all anxiety on their behalf. The colonies need not fear that she is not in a position to protect them against any foreign power, but theyshould neverthe less be prepared to hold their own against sudden attack till assistance can arrive, and all that is needed for this is a militia force such as Canada has, and a good supply of torpedoes. In the rest there is no fear but that Great Britain will con tinue to maintain the sovereignty of the seas. 