MENTAL SEALING IN BOSTON, U.S.A. {From A Times Correspondent. ) Boston, m-« May II. This city has become the headquarters of a religio-metaphvBical furore, which within a few months baa infected bo many people of all classes in New England that the mental contagion U almost sure to spread beyond Amiri^n limitB. The science of mental beating — nothing that originates fa Boston is Igss ^rhwt A ftrifMiiy or an art ? is the ambitious finjTw of the movement which its leaders have assumed. The Press of the conntry find frequent occasion to make sharp allusions to the 'Boston mind-cure craze, but it is a long time since any local paper has been so indiscreet as to make Blurring references to the new pathology. Absurd and idiotic as some of the ideas are which the prophets of the system advance, the movement has far out grown the limits of a popular but temporary ^rft7y. The ** wonderful cures ** of the mental healers have been so persistently proclaimed that a large proportion of average Bostonians are willing at least to admit that ' there is something in it.'* Hundreds claim to have been benefited in varying degree by mind cure treatments. Many such become them selves healers, and thus the new idea has gpread. Just now, the religiouB features of the new departure more prominently engross public attention, and clergymen of all de nominations are seriously considering how to deal with what they regard as the most dangerous innovation that has threatened the Christian Church in this region for many years. Scores of the most valued Church members are joining the Christian Scientist branch of the metaphysical organization, and it has thus far been impossible to check the defection. It is a movement far-reaching in its influences and including many thousands among its sympathizers whose ordinary good intelligence entitles their judgment to res pect. A study, therefore, of the details of the novel scheme becomes at once interesting and soon f a-*H**iifttinc ? Here is a familiar Boston parlour scene ; two ladies sit a little way apart in Quaker meeting silence for perhaps 30 minutes. The face of one is as hotly flushed as if she h'^ been indulging in violent exercise, physical instead of mental. The other, the patient, apparently dozes in her chair. Externally tfi»« is all that constitutes a mind-cure treatment, to which hundreds here abouts are daily submitting. The funda mental idea that underlies the system of piwntn.1 healing is that there is no such thing as sickness. Disease, say the mental healers, isan'erroroftheinind, the result of fear. This startling hypothesis entails some very strange and absurd conclusions. The leader of one of the factions, for there are several in sharp rivalry one with another, gives these instruc tions for healing : — ' Reason in your mind that God made everything good. He is not the author of disease. Therefore, as disease ia not a creation it has no existence, but it is merely a delusion of the mind, the effect of fear. Fear is faith inverted and perverted. You are to gain the confidence of your patient ; make him tell you the cause of what he thinks is his disease. But with yonr clearer mind you see that it is not sickness at all. You attain the power of healing by dwelling mentally upon the truth and wisdom of God, and thus the faith of the bealer meeting the fear of the patient produces a chemical change in the fluids of the system which results in health.' Many invalids are naturally willing to accept this or any other sophistry in erplanation of cures if they them selves are physically benefited. But among the intelligent people in everyday life, who are studying the mind-cure theories and to a greater or less extent are testing them, the ideas of the teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two have just the same conception of the 'science.' One lady believes that to be a consistent healer one mast be a Universalist in religious faith. Another insists that the minds of her patients shall be made entirely free from guile, and accordingly eke asks for a full statement of their lives. Many persons who study the system renounce all religious and superstitious ideas in connection with it, but recognise the physical phenomena, which they do not attempt to explain, and practice the art as successfully as any. A lady in Hyde-park, Massachusetts, who takes this position, says she finds herself possessed of a power over many serious ills which Bhe hardly knows how to use. She says she prays earnestly, and the ailment of the sufferer seems to be trans ferred to herself. Then she is able easily to throw it oft She does not know whether to call it mind-cure, faith- cure, or magnetism. Some operators say they use no will-power, but simply keep before their minds an image of perfect health, and let God or the troth work through them. Others exert the will intensely to drag out the disease, as it were, To be consistent, the leading mind-cure theorists have to maintain some very absurd ideas. Poisons, they say, would be harmless if the fear of them were removed. Children, they explain, are affected because of uncon scious hereditary fear. Mrs. Mary B. G. Eddy, leader of the Christian Scientist divi sion of mental healers, claims that her hus band, who died three or four years ago, was murdered by an enemy among the Scientists who 'thought arsenic into him.' Some of these queer enthusiasts wm.jTit.ft.jp that mffntnl influence does not recognise distance, and that, therefore, the presence of the patient under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde-park lady has an intimate friend in Sacramento, California-, who a few ninths ago was given up by physicians to die of inflammatory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at 3 o'clock, Boston time, on certain days the invalid should submit herself mentally to the treatment of her friend in Hyde-park. It is claimed that improvement was immediate, and that within a month the patient was able to visit San Francisco with her husband. Another lady in treating absent patients puts a doll in a chair upon which to fix her mind in lieu of the sick person. Most of the mental healers profess contempt for the laws of hygiene. They bid their patients eat what they please and act as they please. Mrs. Eddy, however, makes the proviso that they must be of strong faith that what they eat and do will not harm them. So much for means and methods. When the inquirer attempts to investigate the actual accomplishments under the new pathology he encounters a vast array of witnesses and testi mony. But after attempting to sift the evi dence it is impossible to return a sweeping and decisive verdict. It would be useless to deny that, under the influence of the mind cure practitioners, beneficent and in some cases remarkable results are attained. It is not surprising that they are able to ' cure ' hypochondriacs, whose ills exist only in imagination, and it is easy to understand that their peculiar influence is more potent than that of medicine in cases of certain disorders of mental and nervous origin. But when more marvellous cures are claimed the average sceptic falls hack on Dr. Peabody*s assertion that a physician's success depends upon the degree in which he possesses the confidence of his patient. Complete harmony of mind and confidence in any remedial agency is a more potent factor in any case than most people, even medical practitioners, generally recog nise. This fact is the real secret of the mind cure craze, and with a foundation go sub stantial it is, after all, hardly wonderful that so vast and fantastic a structure has been erected. Investigation of any of the miracles which it is claimed arc wrought is unsatisfac tory. Although cases are cited by the hundred of alleged cures of paralysis, cancer, tumour, complaint, nervous disorders, and minor complaints, there appears to have been no genuine, scientific test of the system. There is testimony in abundance, radical, positive, and undoubtedly honest, from people who claim to have l»een cured by the new agency of organic disease of long standing ; but investigation developes so many weak or incredible points that close analysis is almost always unsatisfactory in its results. Illustra tions might be detailed by the score, but a single well-authenticated case will suffice. A prominent dentist of this city fell and severely injured his knee. He sent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limb and diagnosed a. fracture, saying Uiat he could plainly detect thr grating of the broken edges of the bone against each other. I The patient was properly treated, and was ? advised t© reconcile himself to several weeks' ! confinement. But, yielding to the impor tunities of his wife, he allowed her to call in a mind-cure practitioner. He treated the injured man according to the tenets of the ! new school and tried to persuade him that I he was not really hurt. Finally, he induced him to get up and walk, which he did, at first with difficulty but soon with comparative case The dentist walked into the office of the surgeon who first attended him the next morning, and the doctor thought for a moment that he saw a ghost. This case is naturally reckoned a great triumph of mental healing over old-fashioned methods. The old-school surgeon, of course, simply acknow ledges that be made a, mistaken diagnosis, and says the gentleman sustained only a strain of the knee-joint. Until recently the popular excitement on the subject bad not been utilised for fraudu lent purposes by ' scalawags ' and pro fessional imposters, A large majority of the mind-cure converts have been women. If they have been themselves benefited, or think they have, they begin to study the art and become practitioners, None of this class have sought to rill their purses by practising the new method. Most of them have treated their friends gratuitously, as described above, or have given their time to strangers for some trifling recompense. There have been in stances, however, within a few months of gross swindling of the credulous by profes sional quacks, who find it profitable just now to put on the mind-cure mantle. A case in point occurred recently. An ignorant but smooth-tongued rascal who is getting rich upon the mind-cure craze was called to treat the wife of a wealthy gentleman. She was suffering from cancer, and the disciple of mental healing guaranteed that he would cure her. Presently the patient died. husband that he had succeeded in partially curing the cancerous trouble when death supervened, caused by consumption. Ac cordingly, *a bill for $4,000 was Bent in, and the husband finally paid $3,000 rather than suffer the embarrassment of a law Gait. For several weeks past, as stated at the outset, the religious revolution involved in the new departure has overshadowed the considera tion of the physical phenomena in the public mind. The theological innovations are con fined to the creed of the Christian Scientists, who constitute the largest division of the mind-cure host. They make the principles of a new theology indispensable in their theories of mental healing. They are led by Mrs. Eddy, who is the high priestess of the whole movement. She claims to be the founder of the science, though rivals deny it, and her account of the divine origin of the faith is worth mentioning. Id 1866, according to her story, she fell accideutally upon the side walk and suffered spinal injury and paralysis, which physicians declared would result fatally in a few hours. Her pastor called to see her just before the end was apparently at hand and offered her consolation. She begged him to return in the afternoon, but no one believed she would then be living. By revelation from heaven at that time God's actual relation towards her and to the human race was made clear, and she realized that her hurt was but an error which, when supplanted by the truth, would dis appear. By the light of her new knowledge, she brought herself by mental process into a proper attitude towards Jehovah, and when the clergyman called a lew hears later, ex pecting to comfort a bereaved family, she met him at the door. Ever since, Mrs. Eddy s&vB;, she has had the power of healing others as she was herself healed. The creed which she has formulated as the basis of har system is a peculiar theological mixture. Bat, as Pro fessor Stacy Fowler said in a recent paper on the subject, ' if they heal, people will not stop at a question of theology. If they heal they will carry the day and they ought to.' Hence it is that Hawthorne-hall, where the Coristian Scientists worship, is thronged for an hour before the time of service each Sunday. So eager are people to hear that after the standing room is all taken people crowd around outside the doors, where they can catch only an occasional word or two. The service consists of ordinary devotional exercises preceding a sermon by Mrs. Eddy. Bat the creed Bhe teaches is so blindly and illogically presented, is so full of apparent inconsistencies, that it would be an im possible task to describe it even in out line. ' God is an infinite mind ; matter is nothing. Personality is the embodi ment of mind. Forgiveness of sin means destruction of ein ' — these are frag mentary ideas gained by listening to one of Mrs. Eddy's rambling talks. The Rev. A. J. Gordon, D.D., a prominent Baptist clergy man, who has studied the books of the Christian Scientists thoroughly and talked with all the leaders, pronounces their creed a mixture of Pantheism and Buddhism. The delusion, he says, is most insidious. The Urge use of the Bible, the strenuous demand for holiness and self-abnegation in the disciples, the results apparently effected in the ministry to the sick— these are very powerful con siderations for attracting converts. And so hundreds of young ladies especially are drawn into the system under the impression that they are getting some finer quality of Christianity. Dr. (Jordon predicts that this is not the final issue. If the body is only a phantom and the flesh only a shadow, by and by some very practical sinners will take refag-? under the system, and insist that the sins of the bodv and the transgressions of the flesh are harmless, since they are only the phantom of a phantom and the shadow of a shadow. Dr. Gordon regards the whole system as a sort of witches1 cauldron, in which every couceivable heathen and Christian heresj- is seething and simmering to produce the subtle essence called 'mental medicine.' On the other hand, the Rev. O. P. Gifford, another Baptist clergyman of equal standing, and several other prominent ministers defend the Christian Scientists and endorse much of their philosophy, while ad mitting that much more of it is unintelligible But the clergy as a whole now regard the subject with grave apprehension, and on all sides they ore discussing the situation with great earnestness. They hardly know Uow to deal with the danger, for the sincerity of all infected with the new faith is undoubted, and any policy of opposition or denunciation serves only to increase their ardour. Scores of applications have been made to evangelical churches of the Baptist, Methodist, Congre gational, and Episcopalian «i pti*-t' 'in-t* n'' for letters of dismissal that the applicants may join the Christian Scientists' choree. All such applications have been refused, but the converts to the new idea, nevertheless, wor ship with those of the new creed. The public discussion of the new theology was -egun a few weeks ago by the Rev. Joseph Cook, upon his Monday lectureship platform. He endorsed the views of Dr. Gordon, sod denounced the Christian Scientists un sparingly. Since th^n the subject has lK*fn discussed from week to week *t one or more of the conferences of ministers of the various ^^nmina.rifttiB . The persons who are most affected by the craze, except the wvtr'1^ converts, are the phy sicians * but from *^'*ti least is publicly heard. Perhaps the best antidote, after hav ing spent some time in canvassing the views of the mental healers and in ^wria»t^g the theological side of the subject, U to call upon some good old-fashioned physician, who has been adding years to men's lives for half a century. ' Doctor,' a veteran practitioner was asked recently, ' why dan t you take m your sign now that these mind-enre people have shown that no one need be skkuuessbe has a mind to V ' Don't wpfcp fan of fools, young man,' the reply came, 'it only strengthens them in their folly. When people mh me if there iB anything in wpH healing, I say yes, of course there is. Every physician knows that when a patient's mind or imagination is in sympathy with Trim, the work of curing is in many «rew*ft half done. Ija dealing with rf1**'*31! and nervous dinrnMrw. one object aimed at is to secure absolute peace at mind on the part of the patient. Thennatnoe will work her own core. Sometimes it is necessary to administer a few bread psH* or a few drops of coloured water to induce full confidence. But it is useless to argue with people who try to show that there la no sick ness and that poisons wont IrfP- The IT'-'* might as well ran its course,' 