SPORTING. " BV CENTAUR." Elsternwick Park was visited last Saturday afternoon by a large number of people, who must havo thoroughly enjoyed themselves, the only drawback being tho late hour at which visitors cot to their homes.( This could be easily improved by having one raco IORB on the programme, which would not affect the attendance, tho majority of racegoers being satisfied with six eventA for an afternoon's spofL The racing was fair, with the exception of the trot, which was aono horse show. Tho five furlong Handicap was a throw in for the ring, a rank outsider in Seaweed winning, with the favourite third. The Hurdle Raco, through hotvos bolting, baulking and falling, resulted in that very moderate performer. Angler, getting home first. The first Sellini; Race was won by Stonebrokc, which, 1 think, was bis maiden victory. Doceivcr won tho Steeplechase comfortably, i£ Hector had stood up the result might hare been different, the rider of Oar Boy deserves credit for getting this brute safely round the course, although -he couldn't do his mount justice at the finish.: The half.'inile Selling race was an. easy thing for Never Mind Her, those backers who thought the distance would suit Little King better than five furlongs evidently forgot that it might snit the mare 1 better too. The last ra;co before the start was considered to be between two, Acolyte pulling through with vorv little to spare, if Flanagan had reserved the run he made froui the entrance gate to tlie corner,, until lie got in the straight his mount would in my opinion, have won. The second day of tlie Gcelong meeting takes place to-morrow, I fancy Anglesey, Acolyte or Little Sister for the Handicap, Denmark or Straggler for Steeple, Silver King or The Baron fcr Produce Stakes and Amelia Victoria, Acolyto or The Bey for Ladies Bracelet. The weights for Australian Cup, Newmarket Handicap, saw the light on Monday afternoon, and the usual criticisms passed for and against the Handicaps. Not to bo out of the fashion, I should select tho following as bost in, naming them as they appear on the list, for the Newmarket Handicap. Malua, La Grand, Mozart, Coningsby, Dirk Hatterdik, Topaz, The Ghost, Meander, Claptrap, St John, Xantippn, and Leporello, and for the Australian Cup—Lo Grand, Off Color, Coriolanus, Kit Nubbles, Hilltop, Ringwood, and Sheet Anchor. 