'John Bull's Dauahterfl.* A New Boos by the Auxhob oh ' Joim Bttt. jxvd His Island.' ' (From the Argonaut.) TnB remarkable success attained in England as well ae in France- by ' John Bull cst son lie' 5\as encouraged Mr. Max O'ltoll to work thw Inoky vein, a little further, and he discusser another ana peculiarly, interesting aspect of the game theme in 'LesEUto do John BuB.' Mr. Max O'Rcll contends that the Frenchwoman is moro graceful and piquant than the English woman, but ho admits that she is lesa healthy and less fcBSh-looking'. ' Her eyes aro more vivacious, her month muoh prettier; and her figure- muoh more ele gant ; but her shin is less white- and of a muoh coarser gram. Walking and bathing — that is the secret st- Englishwomen's- health and beauty. They are not afraid oi shower-baths or of draughts- of oir. They deep- with the window open, and, on rising, dreneh them selves with cold water. In wiator time the most timid will dip a sponge into wAter, wring it out, and rub themselves from head to foot, to stir tho circulation of the blood, until their skin cries mercy. With the appetite- thus ? whetted they come down to the breakfast- room. ISiesb and vigorous, and moke a substantial i meal sf eggs and cold beef, and then go oat 'into the open air to walk- or play lawn-tenai».' ; Subsequently the physical attractions ot ,Jb5ln. Bull's danghters are subjected to a-morer {detailed analysis. The author reiterates- that i'an- Englishwoman's eirin. ia usually fiue graixed,. deliaionsly while,, and volvoty;- ifc Iremindb. yoa of alabaster,, satin ; her neok i» like *? swan's. The hips and shoulders- are' frequently too- narrow, and,- unluckily, the bosom' is too' often on iap.ond«rable qoan jtity in thoeanmera4ion of an- Englishwoman? 8 beauties:' Of the- moikedi difference between French) Ttomen-and* English women uu respect to gait and -bearing,. Mr.. Macs O'Eell says-: — 'The English woman walks with her arms dropped, and'beavs her weight ujon. her heels ; the French/ woman, walks -with bar arms bent, ? and bearahen weight upon her tees-; 'tis more ' graceful, - bnf leas convenient. Jhr my last journey to Paris-]? notecS with pleasure that the ' higby pointed- heel; thrust under the- middlo of' the aolo, wos-begianingr to give plaee to the ' English heel*;, 'tis a- decided sign of piogresa.' Thwe is-another thing.- in whioh the writer thinks his country Tvomem might copjj to ad vantags their English' neighbours : ' The Eng-liEjji-vyomen' dress their h»ir with much ' simplicity; even' foe balls. I admire ? that. Their- hkiiy a- little rumbled on the crown of the head: and- knstted in thick coila ? behind the -neoi-. pleases- me- far more than those complicated imonumenie- fastened up with, pins, tho products of the- wild imagination of Master Isodore OTBsmc other nuwtiaii capillary artist f '? Then ware recalled to-the-main theme; and reminded that ' all the luxury- of an English woman's toilet is reserved- for the evening, for .-bolls, for dmnersyori for thetheatre. In Lon don, a playhouse auditorium, offers a far more brilliant spectoole than an. analogous place' in. Paris. 'Tia -an . extremely pretty sight, all &ose; boxes - and orchestra- stalls filled with. elegant toilsts; to my eyes;. indeed — if I except the opera and two ' or- three otlier. theatres, the Lyceum, tha-Haymarfeet) and. St. James's — it is the moat interesting, feature- of a London play-house to-a Fr'enchman/.eveni though he be familiar -witil'the language. Evening dress is not optional). .but - rigidly compulsory; unless you have seats 'in the- thirdior fourth gallery,} - the female -ushers, befero-lotting.the ladies who ? are with you pass- into -the auditorium, moke them withdraw- to a dressing,' room to remove - their bonnets.7 Mr. Max . O'Boll, liko- Hawtheme, is con- ? founded at the' quantity.- of' nourishment that ? English woman-j-equire-,.or-which).at all events, they manage 'tO' consume. He-lays before the - reader a minute -account, from an article in the ' National Eeview ' by Lady. John. Manners, of tho copious asd numerous- repaste- enjoyed by the daughters of-' John Bull. Tho anicle was re-produced in. the ArgsmiiU'u-sliovt time ago. These reflections lead the writes to descant at length upon the email attractions- possessed by middle aged wemon in JSnglandl ' The faofcis,' ho says, ' that im the fashion able drive c* Hyde Park, you. see but few pretty women*. If yom except? the fair and rosy ohildren,- who ? are ? delicious, you will hardly see in ??? the carriages any but peevish, stolid f aces) that * cast . at yom a. lmtless and almost stony, glance. . They, are- the faces of boa- constrictors absorbed in, the functions of digestion.'' ? For the feminine beauty in -whiohiihe English stock is so rich, you must, woaro-told, go else where. ' Would you regale youn eyes- with pretty faces, rosy,- . tempting,- and fresh as daisies; would you watoh them file paat yau by hun dreds, go saunter down Regent* stooet, Oxford Btreet, .Now. Bond etreot, Piccadilly, between nine anii teaiin the morning. Theoe you will see the prottiest thing.-that John- Bull can offer you in tha-way oil' national, products. The finest specimens o0f English, women arc the shop-girls m the large siBcgflodc,, dressmaking', and millinsry establishments. TJie great Eng lish tradesmen, who. are intolKgent fellows, will only give emjdoymnnt in their shops to young, pretty, well-made, andi well-mannered women; cud the sight of : these of. independent, reputable,, and evosdistiaguishsd-lookiog girls hieing atrmorn by thousands- to theisr occupa tions, is one of th». most .-Rasing andi edifying spootocleaOf the isamense metropolis.'' From Sho shop-girl Uia transition is easy to the BriUshibarma^d. ' ' The f ashioniiblo slieps ? aso nob the only places whore tha -handsomest: feminise article of English man afaotirre is on. view. The bar rooms and restaurants are.f ulllof them, and the finest samples too. . Messrs. Spiers and Pond, the famouB restanrant-keepisse, have- legions at their call.: The- superb- daughters, of Albion emergoj it is truor from, an inferior social Btratunty but tliey.haw good! manners, and, for the most part, are. supremely handsome. Their virtue-is not sa.suvngfvthut they cannot bear tho eye of man,, on- pprmit as well, now and. then,, to. indulge in tho. ghost of a inrtation, as . she tttmis him ii3 glass off beor oi: grog ; bnt women who tall . Bu&mit;' to work, standing on . theiE-feet from, ten in, thtr morning until mid night for thirty .shillings, a week, are incontro-. vertiily reBpeotablo*. A- modest inofme, in the ? case- of a weman young and handsome, ib b.- certificate o£*virtu»-' ' TJbo Frecc&ioditiO;&.TOaa translated into Eng-* lisis immediately upon, ifr* arrival in New York.. Tlte work -was -dona- ay Dootor K C. Valentine*, famous as the lightning translator of ' Sarahi Btmhardk'' In* a. private note to ono of the Atrgonaut editors,. llo-says : 'Incn(i:you a. cojy of my translation off 'Los Fijles-de- John Bull,'' fresh from tlt& jaress. B-niay bio ojf interosb to you to know .that the PrencJli oojy was handed me by the- publisher at 7;p.m. en Thursday, Ootober 3Qth, uud tbiiiT squbtho- entire manuscript to pro-a. at 11 p.m. oiitiioSlst — twenly- nine hours goo- , . Becutivt, worli to two stenographers. Themot terwaaset-up in two and/ a half hours^.oor reoted. and revised! by mo ia eight hours there- . ?? after, and E ooa now barely keep my eyes open.'' ' Cieesb FtTFM. — Put into a stewpan a ozs. of butter with, a gill and a -half of millt, stir them, toffotlter over th» fire with a wooden spoon. Ktefltly it hoife gradually add 3 o*s. of flour,, aad continue stirring until it separates frem the- udes of ths- pan, forming a. ball of pasto,. thoa add by decrees six boaton eggs, jib. o$Pnrmesan ohaese, and + lb. of Gruyore, er the- wholo quantity may be Parmesan if more convenient. Season well with salt, pepper, and«u vtny little cayenne. When thoroughly mixoii make the paste up into little I balls no larger ti*an a pigeon's epg, and fry . them in hot lard : it musV not be- boiling, of i they will be too. dark a colour ; they take a- ? ve»y short timo to fry, and should bo a light*' golden brown. Lot them drain on paper fog-a. minute or two before tho firo, and serve- in. pyramid oa a folded napkin garnished witH parsloy. Half this quantity will be enough, for a small dish. Another way : Equal Height of eggs, butter, fresh breadcrumbs, and grated ohooso ; mix the dry ingredients togolhar, seanoninj? rather highly with pepper and salt and a littlo cayonno. Put them into a mortar with the butter, the yolks of all and *h,o whites of half tho nuinber of eggs, and pound them, together until thoroughly mixed. Make up into small bulls, egg and breadcrumb them, and fry in hot, bnt not boiling, lard as before. To be nimilarly drttlnod and served. Two eggs and their weight of other ingredients make % small diBh, 