CORRESPONDENCE MR. HEYDON'S THANirsnivrxiP '3b the Editor of fir Vr,.. ,you bndly Publish the paragraph >Sed cuttinS from the Herald of Saturday, the 24th mst. ? It is taken from a column headed The General Election »_ returning thanks for his election, Mr. "ffWP IP? the following remarks:— "It SSaWrt, m , cominS struggle all fight ?£ the monopolists would be lost ; it might "ithe n«r future laws would be enacted ?r"S heavily on the poor 5 but if ho could help in any way to save the Country from ground down by the rich , and mighty he woaM be satined, and in doing so he would be carrying out the work entrusted to him. But "JEht fail. He felt that by some mischance the small band of which he was the \- h45 wPed out i bQt he would have ine satisfaction of knowing that when the cry of the poor was heard at the throne ot God tneir v1 .??? not. catch on to his soul. He hpped theywould watch his actions, and not trost to the . reports which appeared in the P!1rss> as tbe leading papers of the colony took good care to misrepresent all he said or did." I did- not observe that you reported Mr. Heydon as having httered any such nonsense as the above. Was it that, in your mercy, you spared him the exposure and your readers trie ltiffiritibfi ?" 1 suppose that Mr. Heydon did so deliver himself ; and, considering the occasion, whara' woefiil deliverance'it is ! The whole tone of it, so far from being that of a successful candidate at the moment of victory, more jeserpbles that of an individual who has passed through all the cheerful shapes of intoxication, and has reached that of the maudlin ox lachrymose which generally pre cedes utter prostration. What is all this trash about the rich and mighty grinding down the country ? The working classes- are returning the representatives that they want That they are not returning, except in verv rare inst.mrpQ men of Mr. Heydon's narrow views, is a good proof that they despise his officious sympathy; and decline his leadership. Next, what is the "small band," of which Mr. Heydon is the leader? Does it consist only of Messrs. Richardson, Brown, and.Luscombe, the three gentlemen who lost their £40 deposit in the cause of protection ? And does Mr. Heydon's mysterious presentiment, as to " some possible mischance wiping out him and his band," mean .that be fears that, sholud Grabben Gullen be withdrawn from the Yass electorate, he may suffer a similar loss and be sent back to private; Ufc? y f be, wonderful combination of wealth and mighty for evif purposes,, which Mr. Heydon rantshbout, exists only in his inventive mind. It is a " Frankenstein" which he has created Jfefc his own purposes. He appeaiVto spend much time in setting up ghosts ; possibly this unwholesome-taste for phantoms has been acquired by him while votingron the same side with the famous ghpst-raiser of Kiatna. .The idea of the Sydney press " takinggbbd cgre to misrepresent Mr. Heydon" is ludicrous. As a political man, he is not of sufficient im portance J .apd if he were so, and if the press wished to injure him, he would simply be re ported verbatim. I was unable to record my vote against Mr. Heydon on the 19th inst. ; but let me here record the expression of my earnest desire that at the next election Yass will select aman from among her own citizens to represent the electorate— one who will no insult the understanding of the electors by bolstering up imaginary grievances, and whose utterances, let us hope, will not be held up t_ ndicule in the public prints. — I am sir, yours etc., V A. B. PATER SON The extract from the S. AT. Herald, to which our correspondent refers, was taken from the re port of Mr- Heydon's speech, which appeared in the issuerof the Courier published on the sard inst.— Ed. Y. C. 