SPORTING NOTSi. By Newmarket. In the march of turf progress the Willtametown Racing Clnb is determined to keep its place, and the meeting whioh is to be derided on the marine raoeoourse on the Prince of Wales' birthday promises to be one of the greatest snooesees ever promoted by the sporting entrepenmrs of the fishing village. The programme opens with the Hurdle R&oe;, of 75 sovs., one mile and a half, and will be followed by the Two-year- old I S akes, of 100 sovs. This event should fill parti cularly well, a 8 there are always a number of the Maribyrnong Plate oandidates who disappoint their owners in tbe great two-year-old event at Flemington. The distance, too, being a furlong shorter, will.be much more within tbe capabilities of most of the youngsters. The Willismetown Handicap has already been I nominated for, and tbe large entry which bas been received is a guarantee that it will I prove a very interesting event. The Steeple- I chase, of 75 sovfi. ; Telegraph S akes, of a I similar amount, and the Truganina Stakes, also of 75 sovs., complete s very liberal and diversified bill of fare that ought to 1 : commend itself to racehorse-owners generally, i For tbe guidance of those interested it is | I notified that all horses not scratched for the j V.A.T-0. Maiden Plate, First Hurdle Race, j and Toorak Handicap, before 4 p.m. on ! Tuesday next, the 6th inst , will he con sidered acceptors, and their owners held liable for the sweepe takes. Owners and trainers are reminded that the first fori eitB for the V.RC. Mares' Pro duce Stakes and Maribyrnong Plate must be declared and paid before 4 o'clock on Mon day next, tbe 5th inst. At a sale of race horses that took place in Sydney on Monday last, the Tasmanian hurdlers cer Eoho changed hands, Mr. G. Sampson being the purchaser. Umbra went to Mr. J. Coben, the owner of Denmark. W. Huxley, the well-known jockey, is dead I He never recovered from the accident some I months ago whilst riding Why Not. Tradocer once more heads the list of winning sires in New Zealand, bis/ progeny I having won £4 844 in stakes daring the paBt season. Musket comes next with a total of £3,760 opposite his rame; /tbcn come Anteros with £2,983, Tubal' Cain witb £2,496, Cassivelsnas with £2,892, and Kingof j Clnbs with £2,260. The list comprises I seventy-eight Bires, whose stock have won I £55,000 in stakes. In Commenting on the j subject, the compiler, " Mazeppa." says : — J " It will be observed that Traducer heads the I list, his stock haviDg won £1.000 more than I Musket's; but a glance at the particulars 1 foroes one to the conclusion that the lone Innings of the old horse is searing its j termination, for three or four of his repre- i sentatives that have given him a lift during j the past season may almost be left but of count for the future. Musket's record is presumably the most nearly complete one Jin the list; and a grand record it is— con tributed, be it noted, by young horses who may be depended on to earn more as they age. Anteros, thanks to Black Bobs, is a fair third. It may be taken as assumed that this horse has many unknown representatives knooking about the country districts, whose winnings would swell his total if they could be aBoertained." Referring to tbe recent match for 2 500dol. a-side between the rival trotting etallions | Phallas and Majolica, a New York corre spondent of an English paper says; — "The race was what Americaus are apt to oaU 'jug handled,' i.e.% all on one side, as Phallas took Majolica along at such a bat for three quarters of a mile that he conld not rase the mile out, .and, both bring e&Bed; up, Phallas came home at much less than, his top speed in 2min. 6eeo.t dropping to a 2min. 20eo. pace for the last quarter of a mile. It was very evident that he oonld have made the mile in 2min. 14 sec., if not better, had he been driven out, but Bithei was taking no chances of Murphy easing his horse for the purpose of making a bolder hid for the neat best. In the cooling-out prooess between tbe heats, Majotioa showed distress and failed to round to ; and, as he was very finely drawn, It is probable that he was overdone and inclined to staienees. The second heat PhaliaB again won witb still greater ease in 2mia. ISfeeo., and the tbirdfell to his aecouht in the absurdly slow time of 2min, 26eo, | Majolioa bring quite incapable of any great I effort, and Phallas bring simply driven fast | enough to make it- inferos ting- looking to the 1 vet dan t sightseers." Tie winner is owned I by Mr. J. 1. Case, woo aleo owns the I celebrated irotte. Jy Eje See, and Majolica I belongs to Mr. N. Straus, j F. Archer is continuing his victorious I career in the pigskin, and up to tbe 14th j A«gp«t last had «oo 162 races not Of <407 I mounts. C. Word is credited with 94 wins I as a result of 333 mounts and G. Birreft I and Giles come next, with 69 and 54 winning I mounts respectively. j The continned wet weather has rendered j the various tracks at Flemington very sodden, I and trainers are complaining bitterly at being | unable to give their charges anything I approaching fast work. One trainer told me j that be has cot been able to give any of bis j horses a really good gallop for two months. 1 The rangtr of tbe V.B G. has done his best to keep the tracks in order, nut ire prodigality with which sand has been placed on the main gallop is not at all rel shed by the trainers. The track is certainly very heavy in places, and if some of the sand were removed, and a little tan mixed with what was left, the going would be considerably improved. I had a | look at the horseB at work on Wednesday, but, with the exception of Gratitude, none of the lot went out of a hand canter. I saw tie whilom Derby favourite Newstead, who wts reported to have broken down early in the week, bat he did not display any symptoms of lameness, as he strode a couple of times I round the traok. One of the most improved I horses I saw was Dirk Hatteraick, and. if all I goes well with him, be should render a good I aooount of himself ere the season cloee?. I To those who take an interest in the | thoroughbred hone, no publication is more j welcome than the " Australian Stud Book," I and studmaeters and sportsmen generally I throughout tbe Australasian ooionies will be pleased to hear that the third volume of this valuable work has just been published. Tbe Stud Book," though somewhat less in bulk than the previous volume, is a most complete publication of 400 pages, in whioh will be found a liet of brood mares and their produce, a corrected | list of imported and colonial - brad stallions, Arab stallions, the names of colonial raoehorees whoee dams are rot entered among the brood mares, names given to foals since tbe publication of the last volume, obituary of etallions, and other important information. A special feature of the work is the alphabetical arrangement of brood mares under tbe I names of their respective sires. Tabulated I pedigrees occupy considerable space, and the I letterpress and general excellence of the I publication are sueh as to eommand for it a I ready sale. The arduous task of compiling 1 tbe book has been carried out by Mr. A. I Yuille, cf the well known auctioneering firm I of Kirk's Bazaar, with the valuable assistance 1 rendered by Mr. F. F. Dskin, and botn I gentlemen are to be congratulated for tbe 1 completeness of the detailB. In the preface, I the compiler, while noting tbe number cf really good thoroughbreds in the eoloni's, suggests a very easy method by which tbe identity of thoroughbred stock o n be pre served ; and as it is freely acknowledged that | this is particularly desirable, it is to be hoped, in the interests of tbe turf, that the suggestion will be adopted. He also observes that " unless the leading raring olubs of the ooionies take some steps to make it compulsory that all horses raring under their rules should be registered, there will in the future arise many complications. Under the present circumstances, colts and fillies are taken in hand, christened, and I raced under all sorts of names, and it is a I matter of impossibility to ascertain their j breedi g. A Bmall charge would meet the I expense of the registration. Were thie done, I it would, to a certain extent, settle the vexed I question of nomenclature, and would prevent I fraud." I All bookmakers desirous cf plying their I vocation at Caulfield are invi ed by the j committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf I Giub to send ii their names at their earliest | convenience. j Mr. Z. Cripps's already numerous string has j been supplemented by the Tasmanian bred I horses Flambeau, by Torchlight from I Promenade, by Panic, and The Dane, by I Horatio from an Arab mare. The New Zealand horse Trenton, by j Musket from Frailty, engaged in the Mel- bourne Cup at 7&t; 131b, is among ibe latest j arrivals at Flemington. The Maorilander is j in oharge of D. O'Brien, who graduated with I the Meesrs. Fisher, at Maribyrnong, and I looks very well. Entries will be due on Monday next, the 5th inst., for the Elsternwiok Park meeting, when the following events will required to be attended to:— Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs., one mile and five furlongs ; Ladies' Trophy, for two-year- olds and upwards (all horses to he nominated by ladies), I five furlongs ; the prize for this event will be a handsome trophy value 60 guineas, pre sented by Mr. H. Skinner ; Steeplechase, of 100 sove. ; Selling Raoe, Elsternwiok Park Handicap, and Maiden Trot. The balance of the sweepstakes for the Australian Trotting Sires' Produoe Stakes must also be paid on Monday next. A stained glass window, which was to be placed in All Saint's Church, Newmarket, in memory of the late Mr. F." Archer, was totally destroyed by a fire which took place on the premises of the manufacturers. Nordenfeldt, Monte Cbristo, Uxalla, Acme, I Despot, and the remainder of the Hon. J. j White's formidable string will arrive at I Flemmgton at the end of the week in oharge I of Mr, M. Fennelly. j . The privileges in connection with ibe I Hunt Club meeting at Flemington to-day j were disposed of at Kirk's Bazaar on I Tuesday last, and realised as follow No. 1 1 booth, on the hill, Mr. H. Skinner, £JA No. 3 booth, do do, £14 ; No. 5 booth, 00 I do, £8; No. 7 booth, do do, £9; No. j 9a booth, do do, £9 ; No. 8 booth, on the j flit, Mr. Higgins, £7 ; gates, Mr. Barnard, £30. j Another consignment of the Adelaide con- I ttogsnt arrived at head-quarters a few | days ago, after experiencing a very rough | passage across tbe water. U. Totbill bribes I bver Sardine, Joanca, Ballarat, Brigand, I Affluence, Bis Die, Gnlitode, ftod Ibe two year flUybyKohODamOiMd O'Brien has Lantern, Baby, Alpha, Trojan, and Fusee. The jumpers ©heater and Karrong are in charge of M. Bourse. With the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting, which will be deoided to-day at Flemington, the spring racing carnival may he eaid to have been started. Unfortunately, the weather during the week fcas not tn o£ a very reassuring character, but if the dements are propitious this afternoon thae ehould be a gathering on the banks of the Saltwater BJfcer large enough to make the meeting peooniarly profitable to the promoters.. A good programme has been prepared, and though the course will be somewhat heavy, the different events promise to be well con tested. The programme commences witn the Selling Race, and if Berkeley )uld only try he ought to about annex the dollars, while Duration and Chatsworth lh to have the best show in the Hurdle Raoe. Abdallah is in snob good fix just now that he may be expected to appropriate the Hunt Club Cup. He will have the services of Mr. O. Glasscock, which is a guarantee that nothing will be left wanting on the part of the rider to land the old grey to victory. Kulkyne will be steered by Mr. W. Cox, and may be expected to render a good aeocunt of himself. Bohemian has been improving so jnuoh of la e that he may be relied upon to shape well in the Flt Race, and The Ghost and Rebus ought to bold the remainder of the field in check. For the Steeplechase I have a preference for Goodwood, and despite the fact that MiEtr&i; has hitherto failed to snow that form in pnblic she does on the training ground, she should be very bard to beat m the Sapling States, for which The Nun is also bound to put in a bold bid for victory. Soratcbings. — Melbourne Hunt Club— Handicap Fiat Race— Mistake, Ambassa dress, The Chanter, Imperial, Hippognff, Tissue, Lando, Alhanus, The Israelite, Signor, Agitation, Jocular, Country Boy, Berkeley, Buttress, plausible, Arsenal, The Trawler, Footman, Mustang. Hunt Club Cup — Giraffe, Clansman, Gmrryowen, Baronet, B-gie, Glenburn. J. A. TO Banters' Cap— G'engsrry. V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes— The Queen. Melbourne Onp— Glen Elgin. Mr, « Topper " Clarke, of Sunbury, speaks ery hopefully of a filly he hs by Sussex from a mare by Mahomet, who will probably make her debut on the tarf this season. tie also tells me that King's Son, who has been «« added to the list," has improved consider ably since undergoing the operation. What a fortunate man Mr. R. Peck is, to be sure, to own such a pair of clinking two- year-old colts as The Bard and Saraband The first -named has won the fifteen raoes he has started in, which were worth something like £9 000, while Saraband has been successful in six raceB out of Beven. His only defeat was when he essayed to give 131b. to Sunrise at Kempton Park. Glengarry has been struck out of the V A. T.C. Hunters' Cup, and The Queen out of the Great Foal' Stakes. With a view of adding to the comfort of lady patrons of the grand stand during the forthcoming spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, to be held at Flemmgton this moQCh| Mr. Byron Moors h&8 accepted tho tender of Messrs. Robertson and Moffat, the well-known furnishers, of Bourke street, for the supply of 500 Vienna chairs. The chaire will be placed in the ladies' refreshment and retiring rooms, And will, no doubt? b© grsatly appreciated by the fair patrons of the stand. The ordinary train from Sydney, by which a number of Victorian sportsmen were returning from the recent A.J.C. meeting, broke down on the Melbourne side of Goulborn at 3 o'clock. Tuesday morning. The crank of the engine' broke, and a delay of nearly three hours occurred before the train could proceed on its journey. Among the racehorses on board were the Metropolitan winner. Acolyte, and Hurricane, Raven, Welcome Jack, Den mark, and Deceiver. Snip has been struck out of the Moonee Valley Cup. Notwithstanding the current statement that Newstead, the whilom favourite for the Derby, had broken down badly, the colt has not yet been scratched, a circumstance which, under the circumstances, is regarded as peculiar. It is reasonably argued that if it is a fact that Newstead has really gone amiss, no advantage can be gained by keeping him in the race. Intending visitors to Caulfield during the approaching spring meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club will be glad to hear that the contract for additions to the western end of the grand-stand has been completed, and that the sitting accommodation of the building will be considerably increased. Other improvements are also being carried out, and the Caulfield course is now one of the most complete in the colonies. 