HOLY TRINITY CHURCH. On Friday evening, the 18th inst., the Bishop of Melbourne held a confirmation service in Holy Trinity Church, Port Melbourne. The ceremony was very impressive, and was witnessed by a large congregation. The service pro vided by the Church of England for such occasions was read by the Rev. W. H. Brook. RA.. incumbent of the parish, the Rev. Mr. Kent, of St. Silas', South Melbourne, also -assisting. The hymn 'Come Holy Ghost, Ac.' having been exceeding well Tendered by the choir, the candidates for confirmation were presented' jo the Bishop. !?;' Dr. Moorhonse delivered A., short address. He impressed iipbri the candidates the solemnity of' the vows (hey were abont to make, .viz., to renounce the world, the flesh, . and tbe deril. The world was fall of evil; how then could they be called upon to give it up, and how could, they always detect the presence 'of evil 1 'If they found that they were surrounded by influences that hindered their good work, hindered their prayers 'and made ' God's service distasteful to them, those influences' were not for good. . .What ever tended to hinder their communion with 'God was not of the Father, and therefore of the world. After explain ing what was meant by the sinful evils of the flesh, and by the other promises they were about to make, the speaker urged those about to be confirmed to come to the holy commuion. All sorts of reasons would be urged for their not coming. It was said . there was 'the danger and disgrace of falling away. The reason why people urged this excuse was that they did not come to the Lord's table themselves, and they did not wish to be shamed by yonnger people Some wonld tell them that it was presumption cn the part of persons so young as they , were to take the holy communion, bat it was the presumptions man who stayed away, and the humble man who obeyed the command of the King of Rings to be present when . His celestial table was spread. Say to those who would urge , such excuses that your Saviour - whom you love and serve says, ''- Do this in remembrance of Me.' - ' The Bishop then administered the rite of confirmation, and the service closed with .the of another hymn, and the 'benediction, 