The Storyteller. Carriston's Gift.* PART I.—TOLD BY PHILIP BRAND, M.D., LONDON. Chapter IV. BY HUGH CONWAY. THAT a man of Carriston's rank, breeding, and refinement should meet his fate within the walls of a lonely farmhouse, beyond the Trossachs, seems incredible. One would scarcely expect to nnd among such bumble surroundings a wife suitable te a man of his stamp. And yet when I saw tho woman who had won him I neither wondered at the conquest nor did I blame him for weakness. I made the great discovery on the morning after my arrival. Eager to taste the freshness of the morning air, I rose betimes and went for a short stroll. I returned, and whilst standing at the door of the house was positively startled by the beauty of a girl who passed me and entered, as if she were a regular inhabitant of the place. Not a rosy Scotch lassie, such as one would expect to find indigenous to the soil; but a slim graceful girl, with delicate classical features. A girl with a mass of knotted light hair, yet with the apparent anomaly, dark eyes, eyelashes, and eyebrows—a combination which, to my mind, makes a style of beauty rare, irresistible, and dangerous above all others. The features which filled the exquisite oval of her face were refined and faultless. Her com plexion wss pale, but its pallor in no way sug gested anything save perfect health. To cut my enthusiastic description short, I may at one© say it has never been my good fortune to cast my syes on a lovelier creature than this young girl. Although her dress was of the plainest and simplest description, no one could have mis taken her for a servant; and, much as I admire the bonny healthy Scotch country lassies, I felt sure that mountain air had never reared a beiag of this ethereally beautiful type. As she passed me I raised my hat instinctively. She grace fully bent her golden bead, and bade me a quiet but unembarrassed good morning. My eyes followed her until she vanished at tho end of the dark passage which led to the back of tho house. Even during the brief glimpso I enjoyed of this fair unknown a strange idea occurred to me. There was a remarkable likeness between her delicate features and those, scarcely less delicate, of Carriston. This resemblance may have added to the interest the girl's appear ance awoke in my mind. Anyway I entered our sitting-room and, a prey to curiosity and, perhaps, hunger, awaited with much impa tience the appearance of Carriston—and break fa... The former arrived first. Generally speaking * The right of publication in Queensland of " Carri-totfa Gift" has been purchased by tho Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. he wss afoot long before I was, but this morn ing we had reversed the usual order of things. As soon as I saw him I cried : # " Carriston, tell me at once who is the lovely girl I met outside. An angel with dark eyes and golden hair. Is she staying here like our selves ?" A look of pleasure fltshed into his eyes—a look which pretty well told me everything. Nevertheless he answered as carelessly as if such lovely young women were as common to the mountain side as rocks and brambles. " I expeot you mean Miss Rowan: a niece of our worthy landlady. She lives with her." " She cannot be Scotch with such a face and eyeß." " Hslf and half. Her father wss called an Englishman; but was, I believe, of French extraction. The)* say the name was originally Rohan." Carriston seemed to have made close inquiries as to Miss Rowan's parentage. " But what brings her here ?" I asked. " She has nowhere else to go. Rowan was an artist He married a sister of our hostess, and bore her away from her native land. Some years ago she died, leaving this one daughter. Last year the father died, penniless, they tell me, so tho girl has since then lived with her only relative, her aunt" ••Well," I said, "aB you seem to know all about her, you can introduce me by-and-by." " With the greatest pleasure, if Miss Rowan E emits," said Carriston. I was glad to hear im give the conditional promise with as much respect to ths lady's wishes as if she had been a duchess. Then, with the liberty a close friend may take, I drew towards me a portfolio, full, I pre sumed, of sketches of surrounding scenery. To my surprise Carriston jumped up hastily and snatched it from mo. " They are too bad to look at," be said. As I struggled to regain Kssestion sundry strings broke, and, lo and hold! the floor was littered, not with deli neations of rock, lake, and torrent, but with images of the fair young girl I had seen a few minutes before. Full face, profile, three quarter face, five, even seven- eight'face, all were there—each study perfectly executed by Carriston - clever pencil. I threw myself into a chair and laughed aloud, whilst tho young man, blushing and discomfited, quickly huddled the portraits between the covers, just as a genuine Scotch lassie bore in the plentiful and, to me, very welcome breakfast Carriston did favour me with his company during the whole of that day, but in spite of my having come to Scotland to enjoy his society, that day, from easily-guessed reasons, was the only one in which I had undisputed possession of my friend. Of course I bantered him a great deal on the portfolio episode. He took it in good part, attempting little or no defence. Indeed, before night he had told me with alia boy's fervour how he bad loved Madeline Rowan at first sight, how in the short space of time which had elapsed since that meeting he had wooed her and won her; how good and beautiful she was; how he worshipped her; how happy he felt; how, when I went south he should accompany me, and, after making a few necessary arrange ments, return at once and bear his bride away. I could only listen to him, and congratulate him. It was not my place to act the elder, and advise him either for or against the marriage. Carriston had only himself to please, and if ne made a rash step only himself to blame for the conseouences. And why should I have dis suaded—l who in two days envied the hoy's good fortune? I saw a great deal of Madeline Rowan. How strange and out-of-place her name and face seemed amid our surroundings! If at first somewhat shy and retiring, she soon, if |only for Carritton's sake, consented to look upon me as a friend, and talked to me freely and unre servedly. Then I found that her nature was as sweet as her face. Such a conquest did she make of me that, save for one chimerical reason, I should have felt quite certain that Carriston had chosen well, and would be happy in wedding the girl of bis choice, heedless of her humble position in the world, and absence of befitting wealth. When once his wife, I felt sure that if he cared for her to win social success, her looks and bearing would insure it, and, from the great improvement which, as I have already said, I noticed in his health aad spirits, I believed that his marriage would make his life longer, happier, and better. Now for my objection, which seems almost a laughable one. I objected on the score of the extraordinary resemblance which, so far as a man may resemble a woman, existed between Charles Carriston and Madeline Rowan. The more I saw them together the more I was struck by it. A stranger might well have taken them for twin brother ana sister. The same delicate features, drawn in the same lines; the same soft dark, dreamy eyes; even the same shaped heads. Comparing the two, it needed no phrenologist or physiognomist to tell you thst where one excelled the other excelled; where one failed the other was wanting. Now, could I have selected a wife for my friend, I would have chosen one with habits and con stitution entirely different from hit own. She thould have been a bright bustling woman, with lots of energy and common sense—one who would have rattled him about and kept him going—not a lovely, dark-eyed, dreamy girl, who could for hours at a stretch make herself supremely happy if only sitting at her lover's feet and speaking no word. Yet they were a handsome couple, and never have I teen two people so utterly devoted to each other as those two seemed to bo during those autumn days which I spent with them. I soon had a clear proof of the closeness of their mental resemblance. One evening Carris ton, Madeline, and I were sitting out of doors, watching the gray mist deepening in the valley at our feet Two of the party were, of course, hand in hand; the third seated at a discreet distance—not so far away as to preclude con versation, but far enough off to be able to pretend thst he saw and heard only what was intended for his eyes and ears. How certain topics, which I would have avoided discussing with Carriston, wet started I hardly remember. Probably some strange tale had been passed down from wilder and oven more solitary regions than ours—some ridiculous tale of Highland super stition, no doubt embellished and augmented by each one who repeated it to his follows. From her awed talk I soon found that Madeline Rowan—perhaps by reason of the Scotch blood in her veins—was as firm a believer in things visionary and beyond Nature as ever Charles Carriston in his silliest moments could be. As soon as I could I stopped the talk, and the next day, finding tbe girl for a few minutes alone, told ber plainly that subject. of (this kind should be kept as far as possible from her future husband's thoughts. She fn-omised obedience, with dreamy eyes which ooked as far away and full of visions as Carriston's. " By-the-by," I said, " has ho ever _poken]to you about seeing strange things?" " Yes; he has hinted at it." " And you believe him ?" "Of course I do—ho told me'so." This was unanswerable. "A pretty pair they will make!" I muttered, as Madeline slipped from me to welcome her lover, who was approaching. " They will see ghosts in every corner, and goblins behind every curtain." Nevertheless tbe young yeople had no doubts about their coming bliss. Everything was going smoothly and pleasantly for them. Carriston had at once spoken to Madeline's aunt, and obtained the old Scotchwoman's ready consent to their union. I was rather vexed at his still keeping to his absurd whim and concealing his true name. He said he was afraid of alarming the aunt by telling her he was passing under an alias, whilst if he gave Madeline hit true reason for so doing she would be miserable. Moreover, I found he had formed the romantic plan of marrying her without telling ber in what an enviable position she would be placed, so far as worldly gear went A kind of Lord of Burleigh surprise no doubt commended itself to his imaginative brain. The last day of my holiday came. I bade a long and sad farewell to lake and mountain, and, accompanied by Carriston, started for home. I did not see the parting proper between the young people—that was far too sacred a thing to ne intruded upon—but, even when that protracted affair was over, I waited many many minutes whilst Carriston stood hand in hand with Madeline, comforting himself and her by reiterating " Only six weeks—six short weeks! And then—and then!" It was the girl who at last tore herself away, and then Carriston mounted reluctantly by my side on the rough vehicle. From Edinburgh we travelled by the night train. The greater part of the way we had the compartment to ourselves. Carriston, as a lover will, talked of nothing but coming bliss and his plans for the future. After a while I grew quite weary of the monotony of the subject, and at last dozed off, and for some little time slept The shrill whistle which told us a tunnel was at hand aroused me. My com panion was sitting opposite to me, and as I S lanced across at him my attention was arrested y the same strange intense look which I had on a previous occasion at Bettwt-y-Coed noticed in his eyes—the same fixed stare—the same obliviousness to all that was passing. Remem bering his request I shook him, somewhat roughly, back to his senses. He regarded me for a moment vacantly, then said: " Now I have found out what was wanting to make the power I told you of complete. I could see her If I wished." "Of course you can see her—in your mind's eye. All lovers can do that" "If I tried I could ccc her bodily—know exactly what she is doing." He spoke with an air of complete conviction. " Then I hope, for the sake of modesty, you won't try. It is now nesrly 3 o'clock. She ought to be in bed and asleep." I spoke lightly, thinking it better to try and laugh him out of his folly. He took no notice of my sorry joke. " No," he said quietly, " I am not going to try. But I know now what was wanting. Love—such love as mine—such love as hers— makes the connecting link, and enables sight or some other sense to cross over space, and pass through every material obstacle." "Look here, Carriston," I said seriously, " you are talking as a madman talks. I don't want to frighten you, but I am bound both as a doctor and as your sincere friend to tell you that unless you cure yourself of these absurd delusions they will grow upon you, develop fresh forms, and you will probably end your days under restraint Ask any doctor, he will tell you the same." " Doctors are a clever race." answered my strange young friend, "hut they dont know everything." So saying he closed his eyes and appeared to sleep. We parted upon reaching London. Many kind words and wishes passed between us, and I gave him some more well-meant and, I believed, needed warnings. He was going down to see his uncle the baronet Then he had some matters to arrange with hit lawyers, and above all had to select a residence for himself and his wife. He would no doubt be in London for a short time. If possible he would come and see me. Any way, he would write and let me know the exact date of his approaching marriage. If I could manage to come to it, so much the better. If not he would try. as they passed through town, to bring his bride to pay me a flying and friendly visit He left me in the best of spirits, and I went back to my patients and worked hard ito make up lost ground, and counteract whatever errors had been com mitted by my substitute. Some six weeks afterwards—late at night— whilst I was deep in a new and clever treatite on zymotics, a man haggard, wild, unthorn, and unkempt rushed past my startled servant and entered the room in which I sat. He threw himself into a chair, and I was horrified to recognise in the intruder my clever and brilliant friend, Charles Carriston! [TO BE CONTINUED.] 