NEWS AND NOTES. The cablegrams published in the morning papers yesterday regarding the position of affairs between England and Russia created a great deal of serious disoussion, and the anxiety was intensified upon the receipt of fresh cablegrams by the local journals intimating that war would be declared before Monday next. Upon tbis news spreading there wag a general feeling that it was high time the British Government took this step in order to maintain the rights and dignity of the Empire, many being of opinion that there had been too muoh temporising in the matter already, although others expressed them selves to the effect that the Imperial Govern ment was right in doing everything.it reason ably could to avert the horrors of war. Oor Melbourne correspondent last evening writes:—“The only cablegram bearing on the war queation received by the Premier to-dsy was one dated late yesterday, from the Agent- General, stating 'War inevitable, but not imme diate.’ No indication is uiven as to the reason which induced Mr Murray Smith to arrive at this conclusion.” The following is the result, to hand regarding the elections for the Legislative Assembly, which took place yesterday :—Mandurang—Highett, 2256; William*, 1524. Avoca— Bourchier, 1023; Tatoliell, 687; Daly, 370; Barrett, 249; Gaunson, 76\. - In each electorate there are other returns to come, but they cannot affect the result. The Defence Department recently issued nn order to the effect that members of the Militia force are required to attend, at least, two 'drills a month, and 40 men, out of about 70 wbo were ' summoned, appeared before Lieutenant-Colonel Sleep at the Orderly-room Inat evening to show cause why they should not he fined for not com plying with the order. Some who bad not been at drill for three months were discharged, while others werelfiued in various amounts up to 10?. A good deal of dissatisfaction ia said to exist in re- . gard to -the matter. A number of the men, while prepared to make themselves effective hy -puttingin the required drills during the year, will:not be bound to put in two drills in. each month, and it is probable that, when the pre sent war scare ia over, a good many resignations will be tendered; The men joined on : the under standing that they must put in so many drills during the year to make themselves effeotive, and the making of any fresh orders altering these conditions is likely to reduoe the’ rank* considerably. Mr Baker, M.L.A., Mr Holmes, solicitor, and Mr Hammond, last night attended the Town Council as a deputation from the Gymnastic Association to ask that the claim for rept for the use of a building on the Eastern Market Reserve, until lately used for athletic purposes, be re duced or waived altogether. Cr Soott, who in troduced tbe deputation, remarked that the Gymnastic Association was born in the Town, fostered there, and now it had suddenly shifted its quarters into the West. Mr Baker, in making the request, pointed out that tbe Gymnastic Association bid been compelled to remove west wards owing to there being, no room in the Eastern Market Reserve to successfully carry on operation*. Cr. Scott, in reply, begged to state. that,Mr Rosenblum, the president of tbe associa tion, hafl bpfin in- communication -with the oonn oil regarding the ground on the Eastern Market Reserve, and be had for a nominal rent been offered a 14 years’ lease' of a piece of land larger than that upon wbioh the new-gym nasium was now being erected in the City. ' The piece in queation bad a frontage of 60 feet, with a good depth to the north. Mr Baker said that waa the first' be had heard abeut the offer of the Town Council, and Mr Holmes and Mr Ham mend each intimated that with the exoeptisn c onovindsfimt* had been laid. beforethe*'oo*jmlttee on the subjeot.' Mr ißosenbluiirhad, if jammed,'noted indepen*'' dantly of the'aesoeiationaUogether: CrFerguson, affijjessing have been work in∈ the dsrk. Mayor aaiditwaa not an 'honorable thing ' fortha.association to leays the'Town boundaries, - after all'.that .the donfloil had done for it; 1 CrGregbry remarked that the oounoilhadloet£2o per year while: the was on up tnthin order tdeerTe tho associa tion. 'Councillors generally regretted that the gymnasium bad been removed. Ur Baker said, humorously, that he felt sorry that there was a Yarrowee dividing East and West. Finally the council decided to rOJorve its docision. . ' < ' The Victorian defenoe authorities hare last, now that war threatens, been thoroughly 'arouaedttf the.advisability of fully , recognising, the importance-of -rifle olubs in the colony. Many months back it was urged in the columns of Tkt Star that_by the Goternment fostering and assisting civilian; rifle-shooting associations, advantage would in time of danger be derived by having in our midst men trained to the proper use of the 'Martini-Henry. At that time, there .were some who thought.that rifle olu ' s would not prove an effective auxiliary, inasmuch a* that in the absence of regular drill and' discipline they would be'no better than a rabble. As we ha»e said, tho Defence -Depart ment at the present juncture does recog nise, after a good, deal of .persuasion, that rifle -olubs are essential to assist in in: the defence of the colony, and we now learn that Mr B. Cleghorn, secretary to the Ballarat Civilian Club has recoived from the Minister of Defenco a copy of the new regulations for the attachment of rifle clubs as a defence reserve. We are also informed that it has been decided to call a meeting of the!Ballarat Civilian Rifle Club for next Tuesday evening to consider the'regula tions in question. Itis probable that the meet* ing will be held at the City Hall. The Ballarat Coursing Club’s second meeting for the season was brought to a close yesterday. The Dowling Forest Plate (25, all ages) was won hy. Mr J. Smith's Wilkins Micawber, a Camper down dog by Old Symes—Barmaid; while the Plampton Stakes (18), and the Piuinptoo Stakes, -'No,'2 (8, all ages), were both annexed by Mr JiitneS Hootor, of Mount. Prospect; the former, with Wire In, Glenroy—Lady Prospeot, the latter with Maid of the Mount, Ploughboy— Griselda. The Derby and Oaks are to bo run on Thursday, 21st May, and following days. In connection with the meet -just concluded, a complaint reaches us from Beaufort to the effeot that the stationmaster there was advised to issue tickets for the plumpton.ou .the 21th and 25th instant, instead of the 23rd and 24th. As the mistake prevented, a good many persons from attending, the club, will, doubtless, take action with a view to preventing such a thing occurring again. It is said that at' several -stations along the line the same instructions were received. There was a good deal of discussion at the meeting of the Town Council last night regard ing what Mr Bernstein, of Main road, should pay .for the encroachment on occupation of certain land atths rear of- his premises. The represen tatives at the table were very outspoken, and after argument : after argument had .been put forth Cr Long -rose and warmly exclaimed, “ I desire to make a remark. Itis really monstrous that nine business men can sit here and waste -time over this matter; What is it all about? about a fourpenuy-balfpenny piece of busiuess. Itis monstrous, and I am surprised that nine ■ business men. should waste time over that man’s vapplication;'’ CrScott—“loan tell th'e council that this man questions the right of the couneil to the ohanneU” Cr Ellsworth, while several representatives were on their feet, said s >me thing about Cr Scott ear-wigging the council, and the latter gentleman indignantly denied that he had done so. Cr Gregory considered that the subjeot under discussioo as well as others of a similar kind had been a nusiance and an annoyance to the council. The reserves and small pieces of land belonged to the council and let the couucil take over its property as soon as the respective leases expired. The clause over which the discussion took place wiil be found in the public works* report which is embodied in the report of tho meeting of the Town Coun cil. A boathouse at Wendouree, 'belonging to M r W. G. Shepherd, was broken into on Wednesday night last, and an overcoat, another coat, an umbrella, a quantity of fishing tackle, and other articles stolen: Entrance was effected by means of a skeleton key. A man named J. M'Veigh, residing at Beau* fort, was admitted to the Hospital early yester* day morning suffering from severe injuries to his back. Mr M'Veigh was driving a waggon loaded with bay, and feeling cold got off to walk alongside a little. By some means he slipped and fell, and the wheels of the waggon passed over bis back, cauaiog the injuries. Last evening he was progressing well and no serious conse quences are apprehended. The prizes won in the Eight Hours’ Art IToiou were partially distributed at Mr J. W. Graham’s office last evening. Fifty-six claimants turned up and received their various awards. Teresa Cook will be presented at the City Court this morning, charged with having, on the 16th February, stolen a silver watch from Maria Dwyer. A cook, on remand from St. Hilda, will also bo charged with leaving his hired service. Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs M‘Vitty, Hickman, Macaw, and Fitzgerald, J's.P., pre sided at the City Polled Court yesterday. Fedarick Webb and Charles Murfit£, two boys, were each fined ss, with Is damages, and Is costs, for damaging an appletree in a private garden by throwing stones. A number of persons were fined in small amounts for non-compliance with the compulsory clause of the Education Act, and a considerable number of debt cases were dealt wiih. Among the latter were several in which Mr T. Wellington, underlaker sued the defendants to recover the eost of the burial of their friends. Orders were made against Thomas Allsd, . for £8 10s, with £1 6s coats; John Franks, for £5, with £1 Si costs; and Walter Heathcote, for £6 10s, and 7s 6d costs. Edwin Stevens proceeded against W. C. Mumby, for the illegal detention of a gun, value £5. The gun had been left for repair with the defendant, and the latter stated it had been (riven in mistako by his sou to another person. The bench made an order tha restitution of the gun within 10 days. The Y.M.C.A. weekly levtt was held last even ing. There was a very large attendance of member* *nd visitors, including a member of the Hobart Y.M.C.A., who gave an interesting report of the work in that city. Several matters of importance in connection with the association were freely discussed. Avery encouraging re port was received of the work of thn Main Road Mission Band. Tha classes were reported to be proceeding as usual, and members were specially invited to the meeting of the elooution class on Thursday next, -the subjeot being a debate on tha “British polioy in Egypt.” Tha meeting dosed with singing and prayer. Mr W. G. Marsh, who until lately filled the position of general secretary to the Y. M.C.A., Melbourne, is at present on a visit to Ballarat. The gas supply in the lower end of Ballarat East “went wrong" last night. A number of business establishments had, owing to the failure of tha supply, to be illuminated with candles. No doubt ths Gas Company will give the matter its attention. A correspondent writes, complaining that the directors of the Black Horse Company eallod a meeting to wind up the company, and advocated that measure, though bow the tributors in some cases are obtaining £34 a man for a fortnight’s work. A correspondent writes that on Saturday last ho saw a man in an intoxicated condition ou the railway line, not' a hundred miles from the Warrenheip side of Ballarat East, and that the inebriated .person was in great danger of being run over by the passing train. The last event for ths Hepbura Trophy takes place this afternoon at Lake Wendouree. The full strength of tha Ballarat East police station was yesterday completed by the transfer of Constable T. Trainor from the City. Itis probable' that in future the Eastern Oval will be inoluded in the Ballarat East police district, and that an important alteration will he made in another direction. . A couple of nights ago a resident of Bungaree had a valuable bo’rse killed through falling over an embankment near the Woodman hotel, Melbourne road. The waggon was not mush damaged. The license of the Nag’s Head hotel was yes terday transferred - from Caroline Liwronoo to 'Adelaide Crow; that of the Brewers’ Arms hotel from Annie Reynolds to George Garton; and that of the Nightingale hotel from Charles A. Brown to Annie Reynolds. A young man named James Smart, on remand, wss charged at ;the City Court yesterday with threatening behavior, obsaene language, and resisting Constable Curtain in the execution of his duty. The charge of threatening behavior and obscene language were withdrawn by the police, and the prisoner, wbo was represented by Mr Gaunt, pleaded guilty to the third count. The. bench fined him £2, with 15s costs, in default 10 days’imprisonment. At the County Court yesterday the adjourned case of Gray and another v the president, coun cillors, and ratepayers of the Shire of Bungaree, was heard. Mr Nevett appeared for the plain tiffs. A lengthy argument took place in refer ence to. the rules framed for the garnishee summonses, and tho substitution of the names in ths plaint. It wns understood' that the working of these rules were impracticable, and the summons having been taken oat under them, the : proceedings . could not be carried soy further. The cause was therefore dismissed; The ease against Mr H. G. Warren, of the City Hall hotel, oharged with wrongfully placing whisky in I bottle purporting to contain Standard Old Highland whisky, and exposing the same for sale, was gooe on with at ths City Police Court yesterday. The case, it- will be remembered, was adjourned, in ' order that a second bottle of Standard whisky, produced in court by Mr Warren, might be examined and compared with the seised sample and with the genuine sample forwarded by the Customs De partment, Professor Mien * Smith, who eon dlWiH'tK^analjrri*,'-deposed that the second bottleandtha Custom* bottle contained similar .whiskies! Both of the*d wore proof, while that: Mixed by the excise’bffis'er waa 15'9 .underproof. Mr W.Billhausen, of Messrs GtSller and Cos., was then caljed.and deposed to having received aletter from’?Mr M'Dougall, the Melbourne * front for the'whisky, stating that the Standard '{whisky jmpprtpd within tbs past few months bad-been all->:underproof. Mr Gsunt, -for the {'defence,? contended that there was no evidence to sho.w ’that-the liquor had been tampered with the defendant; or that it had not been in the same state when imported as at present. The bench finally-adjourned the case until this moraine in order that they might have time to fully weigh their deeision. The Town Council having asked Mr W. M. Bean for plans showing the front view-of his . business premises, prior to their removal at the oorner of.Bridge andGroDville streets, that-gen-, tlemanat the meeting last night submitted a well executed photograph of' his.buildings, and. in the picture were also to be seen the structures ..adjoining. Tbe photograph was a novel and:, very effective way of showing the elevation. ... Referring to the statement in yesterday’s issue—that Rusbworth, who was fioed at the City Court for threatening behaviour, bad been drinkiog on the previous evening at the Borough ' Boundary hotel—wo are informed that he only had a small glass of beer there at 7 o’clock in the evening, and another when he returned to the hotel at about 10 o’clock. An excellent'strike of stone has, we are in formed, been made within the psst day or two by the West Speed well Company,a tribute party working a portion of the claim of the Indicator Claims’ Company, Ballarat Erst. The tributors have sunk tbe old shaft at the place a further depth of 60 feet, and opened out into a large main lode. They have not yet got through the lode, but the atone taken out shows gold very freely. - The shaft is said td.be only a short dis; tance—some 400 or 600 feet—from the place where tbe Llacberris Company- have been :recently getting good gold,' and is supposed to be the mme continuous run of. stone. A number of specimens are on view at the office of !Mr J. M. Bicketr, the manager. We are requested to again draw attention to. the annual general meeting of the Ballarat Agri cultural 'and PastoralSoeiety, to be held at II o'clock on Saturday "next, at Craig’e hotel. Among tbe business to be transacted will be the appointment of a committee of management for the next year. The retiring committee will.meet’ at 10.30. John Hart, • oharged with being illegally en the premises of a woman named Bailey, was yesterday brought before the Town Court and remsndod' until Monday. The man before his arrest smashed the furniture: in the woman's bouse, because, as he said, she had robbed him of £3. - The money, it may be added, was yes terday found in Mrs Bailey’s hut. It .is in tended-to arrest the woman on a charge of ' vagrancy.' The application'in the matter of tbe City of Ballarat Gold Mining Company, to admit' proof of debt of the National Bank, was taken in Chambers at the Court of .Mines yesterday, be: fore bis Honor Judge Trench. Mr A’Beckett, instructed by . Messrs Watson and Pearson, ap peared for the bank; Mr Wynne aud Mr Fin layßOn appeared for contributors; and the liqiii dator, Mr M'Miilnn, was in attendance. After counsel on both sides bad been heard, a request was made by them to be allowed to retire for a short - time. On re-entering, Mr- A’Beckett stated that an agreement had been entered into by both sides that the bank should pay the money realised from the sale of the plant, to the credit of the : liquidator, and that their claim should be allowed with compound interest.. The rate to be agreed upon, and the formal order to be drawn up and deposited in tbe court. An other summons in Chambers in the same cause was withdrawn: Subsequently, in the court, the cause was called on, Mr Pearson appearing for the bsnk, arid Mr Wynne' for the con tributors. His Honor adjourned it until the 21st May. At the Buninyong Poliee Court yesterday,' before Mayor Davies, one truancy case was dealt with, and the defendant was fined 5s and 2s 6d Costs. . ’ At the Linton Police Court, on Thursday, a transfer of the license held by James Delahenty,' for the Golden Belt hotel, Springdallah, was granted to Mary Ann Sharp, by Mr Thomson, P.M. A meeting of tbe judges and stewards of the Buninyong Race Club was held ou Wednesday last. Present Mr Innes (judge), Messrs ; Whykos, Hedrick, Bishop (stewards), and Secre tary Geode. It was reported by those present that Mr Hines’ horse Hindoo broke several times, without any attempt to bring it to tbe proper gait immediately. It was resolved unanimously —“That the secretary write to~the owner, of- Hindoo, informiog him that his horse having' made several breaks without being pulled up in, accordance with the rules, he be declared dis tanced, consequently the stakes will be paid to the second horse, according to the Victorian Club rules.” We were loht oight shown the elaborate gold medals which have been presented by tbe Bal larat Fire Brigade to tbs men who, for two sue-' ceseive years, won the hose race for six. Mr Peach, of Grant street, the manufacturer of the trophies! has executed h:s work in first-class style. Each medal is in the form of a four-bar Maltese cross, with a lion rampant between ths bars, and surrounded by a filigree centre, with four coronets. 'On the reverse side of the respec five trophies are engraved the wordß, “ Pre sented to by the Ballarat Fire Brigade, March, 1885.” It may be interesting to again slate that the names of the successful team are: —Messrs J. Coward, W. Newsome, F. Ferguson, D. Cockburu, T. H. Hording, and W. J. Dark. A correspondent last evening wired:—“ Signor and Signora Mvjeroni closed their successful season of eight weeks Alt the Bijou Theatre this evening; when Sardou’s famous comedy ‘A scrap of paper’ was presented, the ocoasion being tbe benefit of Signora Majeroni. The audience which inoluded His Excellency Sir Henry Loeh and suite, was one of the largest that ever assembled within the walls of- the theatre, and the piece created a perfeot/urere.” At the Bungaree Police Court on Thursdays i o:ore Messrs Biccbus and Coghlan. J’s.P.» James M'Grath sued Neil Grant for - £ll7s for goods. An ot-jeotion was taken by defendant that the summons should have been taken out for hearing at Ballarat, that being tbe nearest leourt to where tbe cause of aotion aroso, and where he also resided. The objection was sus tained, and the ease accordingly struck out; no costs allowed. John Crowe v Daniel Darcy, work aud labor, £lO 8s; postponed to the 30th instant at tbe request of defendant, who had not suffioiont time to prepare defence sinoe ser vice of summons. Pstriok Foley v Elizabeth M ‘Millan, goods, £4 10s; no appearance, oase atruek out.- Our Blaokwood correspondent writes:—“A meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute, Red Hill, oe Saturday last, relative to the form ing of another rifle club. There were a good number present, and Mr Gardyne, of the National Bank of Australasia, was voted to the chair. - After a little discussion about 13 enrolled themselves, aud formed the committee. Mr Gardyne was unanimously elected pfesideot, Mr W. L. Young captain, Mr J. Cana treasurer, and Mr E. J. Aston secretary. Tbe name given to the club is the Mountaineer Rifle Club.” Our Learmonth correspondent writes:— “Ploughing seems to be priDeeding, rapidly throughout this district. The weather is nil that oould be desired for the purpose. The pntvtoes are also f-st being dug out, the whole of which work will soon be oompleted. They are of an exoolleut quality generally. 1 The grass is iu very good heart, owing to the moisture re tained since the last rains. Cattle and sheep are in a thriving condition, and the autumn of this year is seemingly a most favorable one.” Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“ It has been wisely said that a man should never lend his horse to another, and the truth of the remark was rather painfully exemplified lately iu the experience of Hr Benjamin Bott, con tractor, of this,town. Mr Bott had an old and favorite horse named ‘Boxer,’ and, just to oblige a friend hailing from ths Emerald Isle he -consented to let him have the use of the animal ' for a time. It turned out, however, that Boxer was overworked and half starved by the maii that had been obliged, and one day fell down aud gave up tho ghost. The owner, when the -news readied him, was very wroth, and, being desifous of retaining a memento of his old and faithful horse, in the shape of ahoof, went into the bush, and observed, to his horror and indignation, Boxer’s carcass minus his.skin, which he after wards discovered had been sold by his friend at a neigbouring tannery for -the sam of 53. Mr Sett, believes there is nothing so base ns in gratitude, and vows that be will never again, no never, lend a horse-of his to a friend, no matter what bis nationality may be, if be knows even threatens, to bring, an : aotion to reoover damages for the. loss of : his beast, whioh ha valued highly.” The police at Sale have arrested ah old man named John Perrin on a oharge of being pon oernod in the fire which ocourred at the house iu which the Salvation Army lasses reside. A box containing some 30% belonging to one of the girls, was stolen; and though the police are very retioent, it is believed that this has been traced to tbe accused, and that some other property' has beeD found in his possession for which he' cannot satisfactorily account. He will be charged at tbe police court with burglary and arson, and a remand will be applied for pending enquiries being made by the'police. ' Vie have received-the seoond quinqennial re port of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Company, which presents a view of the progress of the institution both elear and highly satisfac tory. The results of the' investigation of the affairs of the society for.the period ending 31st Marob, 1884, are very exhaustively set forth. With regard to the progress of the society it is only necessary to * state that it commenced iu 1873 without any funds whatever, and closed the first five years of active business with funds amounting to £63.628 Is 6d. Tbe member* must be gratified to realise that the funds and property of the institution accumulated at date of; the present quinquennial investigation amounted to no less than £358,269 4s 9d, while' \- at the date of this report they considerably ex-.. coeded £450,000 sterltag, beingVlffbre thsrif sevenfold the. resources at of the; quinquennium. The eolenles nossjopersted jin, by the sooiety are nine in and all con-, tribute fairlysto-tbe expense of. earning on the; business; ' The report now- submitted oompletes. the work of the’flrst 10 years, and, Abe results’ exhibited establish the impregnable'; position of the society, add' confirm .the progress reportsi which from year to yearyduriag.Aho ' decade,- have presented s'record oLcontinuoiis and sus tained progress:and prosperity. ' .«•• The Rev. I. Myers, the'Jewish Ratbi st Sand hurst, gave a farewell entertainment at the Royal Prinoesa’ Theatre on Thursday night. The rev. gentleman’s programme included a short leoture on Shakspeare nnd a number of recitations. Daring the evening Mr Myers was presented .with a purse of :100 sovs,,. and he:replied feel* ingly. " It ishisintention, it is-said, to study for . the.bar in Melbourne. . The Government .are awaiting a .favorable op portunity for floating a redemption loan of £4,000,003, bat up to the present time no de finite arrangements have been made. So long as the present unsettled state of affairs in Eng land continues, nothing can be done. The rate of interest to be offered bas not been fixed. It has been thought that if the money market could be entered under sufficiently 'favorable - \- conditions, only per cent should be offered, hut the probability is that the loan will be issued at 4 per cent. , Thomas Quinlan, an old resident of the Mort lake district, was found on Thursday morning hangiog dead in a paddock in the locality. He evidently had stood on the fence, and jumped down, after putting the rope round his neck. An Argus cablegram says that news has been received from South Africa that a force of 700 Boers threaten to rescue Tan Niekirk, formerly ’Chief Minister in Stellaland, who was arrested by order of Sir Charles Warren on a oharge ef complicity in the' murder of Mr James Honey,' an English settler. The New South Wales Licensed Victuallers’ Association have taken action |in the matter of faat night houses. The president said he had it on. good authority that altogether undesirable conditions were growing, and called, upon the members to protect their reputation And them selves. “As publicans’. licenses were never in tended to oloak such iniquity,” he said, “ the good name.of the trade would, only suffer, by., allowing them to go unchecked.” \- The practice of throwing stones,. &0.-, st rail way traius in the neighborhood of Melbourne, appears to bo on tbs increase.' Within tbe past' month no fewer than four flagrant cases ,have been reported to the Railway Commissioners, who have offered rewards; for the discovery of the miscreants, la three out of the. four in stances the fireman or a driver was struck, and’ one received a serious cut on his head. So far, only one of the offenders a lad who threw, s stone. at s train near the South Yarra station^'has been convicted, but even he esoaped punishment, unless it' was'afterwards* administered ,by bis parents, who were called upon to pay a small fins and costs. , -. The rising "of "Indians'and haif-breds,' under the leadership of Louis ; Riel, iuthenorth .western territories of the; Dominion of Canada, has continued to spread, and the rebels have ’ captured several important placesl. Battleford, the capital of these extensive territories, was recently taken by them; and the'latest telegrams state that Port Pitt, which lies to the north of Battleford, has also been captured,. and it is feared that €0 of tbe inhabitants have been mas sacred, including tbe Hon. Charles Dickey; mem ber -of the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia. The police of the North-Western Territories number about 350 men, who are scattered oyer, a wide extent of oouotry. According to recent information, there are 23 stationed at Battleford, 18 at Port Saskatchewan, which was also taken by the insurgents, but none at Fort Pitt. 