The Curate and His Cure. MIr. Drake, B.A., was a curate of the deepest dye. He had not so much principle as a bankrupt, and he came to Cooklebourne with the express purpose of marrying the richest and least objectionable of his con gregation The difficulties before him were few. In personal appearance he weeas so simple and sweet that even his rector, the Rev. D. Trump, thought him a fool; ac hat more could a girl of fire-and-forty desire ? It was not a question which of the spinsters of Cocklebouruo he should marry, but which of the tempting creatures he should reject. They followed him whither soever he went in sixes and sevens. They made him sufficient slippers to stock a ware house; and they wrote letters to him, marked " private," containing the burning thoughts they dared no't utter in the pre ecnce of itheir dear friends. Each letter was tantamount to an offerof marriage ; but their claims were so equal that lie could not decide, and he replied to all letters with touching butauibiguous texts. He thought it beet to wait awvhile. It was in September that there appeared in Gocklebourue, a stranger-a man with a black beard and a devil-may-care eye-and he took the iolitary lust upon the cliffl; which long ago had belonged to a smuggler. lie snubbed theing isitive tradesmen of whom he boughthis esttables and drinkables. He ordered baone by the side, beer by the barrel, and whisky by the largest of stone bottles. He lived quite ahnse. No one knew anything"about him, except that he laughed aloud., hen he passed Mr. Drake, B.A., with two spinsters on his right and three onhislelt The ladies declared, one and all, thathe was a bold, had man, and they dareduot'o near the house upon the cliff. Batsduiirs being so few, they could not but feel interested in this man with the black beard and dark eyes, and when one Sundayhedid1lot appear at church, they ewaited upon the rect er and begged him to bring theeinne to repentance. The Rev. Dri Trump, hating sinners and walking is equial degrees, said lie would send hie curate to persuade the strange man. At this timne.r. Drake, B.A , was suffer. ing soemehatafrom excessive bile, for his most actireexzecise was w'ool-winding, and the ladies ba red his toast on both sides and thledgej He had not enjoyed hblf an hour's freeddo since he first arrive I at, Couklelarue. His bowels yearned towards a quim pipe. beer from the barrel, and whiskyfrom'e stone bottle. It was there lore withjoi?_at could scarcely be masked that her eeii his orders to visit the sinner on the did. Jhat last evening he was ever to spendlia?? lodgings at Cocklebourne he passedihar ration for the morrow. He looked . ae old pipe he had brought with him bt never smoked, the pouch of dry bird' e, pipelights, and a French novel. Iaeihe stuffed into tihe pockets of his alps?a t, and covered up decently with emthiqitracts. In the morning he rose gay, i when he had parted with his flockh tieTfft of the hill-beyond which po:ttheirtbfrs would not permit them to e.,:e-.h qconded the steep path like a r.nbelc ng a cloud. nlI two miles was before him, but he iinot cnrry himself when the weathl-r. coel:m hi .hurch steeple was out of sight. lie elspp5 took off his bands, bared his .eiudront I o the breeze, and thanked hans Then he threw himself on the 'ta ygra$s and tasted liberty. He smoked nepilpcssce after the other. He read two u the novel-skipping the dry l he lay on his back. tilted Iis Shover h:: eyes, and slept for two :d s. Waking athirst, he thought "if se sinner who kept his beer in a el.a is 'his:y in stone bottles. So l: mself ic to evangelical shape and e briskly for the sinner's haunt. ,the cott ue door was locked, and 4 to be ?sen. of the cman with the I::tb , save his barrel, and bottles in rI"e.m accessiblc of pantries. S io await his return, Mr. Drake, i. e imself down on the cliff and set icm'lfothe hundredth time to solve the s:miai problem which vexed his i brought out the bundle of letters Atoly' those loving spiusters, and as "be ?nts were unsatisfactory to read, he l,-tOform a comparative estimate of 'atc : by a speedier method. He was tolei kilful wuith a pencil, and on the Lteh letter bhe drew a portrait of its hl spinsters were beyond flattery, satared them to see which certainly ; blpen to ridicule. .. amusing employment the time ', ve passed pleasantly enough but i creasing dryness. There was no e had, and the poor young curate's S mead to be lined with brown-paper S reseed his tongue round it. Sud amd to his mind that a dip in the I refresh his body, and abate his ixcept in a foot-bIath, he had not ritng the term of his curacy- Ihow I when there was neither a bathing nor seclusion? e was at ebb, and a long stretch of S betlween tihe cliff and the sea, but water's edge stood a huge rock, and Ir. Drake, B.A., betook himself. On oidecwas a littleledge, dried by the on that the curate laid his clothes Then with a smile irradiating his ace, he slapped his thin legs and ran to the breaking waves. Oh, the joy ing up and down i s while turning head' over h"eels he sight of that which instantly sobered petticoat ! One, two, three, lihe , is sch with a wearer-- ixr-eight - I 1 then hie ducked under the waves for sent. Full well he knew that they 0me tolook for him-anxiety for hIis scited by his long absence, behig Sthan their dread of the mat with t beard. What was hie to do ? How e face them--how avoid ? had thought to diry himself like a n the st5n that wras now impossible, n "praeticable was it to clothe himself iluore he could drag a soelo on, ihe " seen, lor there was no ledge upon ardi side of thie rock, his e!otihes were PousCci side, and the incoming tildo r?slhled thle bhse of the lock; I-e dy rait behiiud the rock until the " is tice iater and watched the tearchlrs through a chink. They ex o he c!osocl cottage, andI then de to tae rocks below. It was only ' conelude thbt their boloved eurate derel He hlad'been absent four no, as they pokled their sunshades lea aeed, it was in expectation of rei RA., Was fervently thankful gtng tide kept them from his rock. iled they would go, for the cramp by the leg, and the water continued .at hour passed, yet still those Src thle spot with unflagging zeal. And the cramp grew worse and worse, and the poor curate cried like a child when he found his flesh assuming the tint of an uon boilded lobster. The sun was setting, when a scream diverted his attention from his bodily suffer. ings, and, putting his eye to the chink, lie quickly perceived the cause. His hat was bobbing gaily on the waves, and, followed by his coat and the rest of the habiliments, it bobbed towards the sands. At the risk of her life a spinster hooked it out with her nun shade, then another pulled out his coat, and a third his b - , and so on until all his clothes were saved. He saw them go straight for his pockets, for each one of those ladies knew he had a compromising letter of hers to he hidden from inquisitive and jealous friends. Withgroans Mr. Drake, B.A., beheld his pipe and tobacco brought forth amidst cries of astonishment, then the French novel, and then the letters. He could watch their dis coveries no further, and bowing his head he beat it with his fist-partly in despair, partly to promote circulation of the blood. The black- bearded man returned to the cottage as the ladies, carrying the only re mains they could find of their curate, were leaving the vicinity. He lived by painting pictures did this siuner with the black beard ; nevertheless he had some good qualities, and when, half-au-hour later, a study in the nude presented itself in the person of Mr. Drake at his door, craving to be taken in out of the night wind, he asked no questions until he had wrapped the outcast in warm blankets, and filled him with strong liquors, and made him generally comfortable. Mr. Drake, B.A., never returned to his flock, never married a spinster. His disap pearance was not deeply enquired into. Some people preferred to think him dead and sainted. He was supposed to be drowned, and his ghost was said to be visible at times upon the cliff-generally with a pipe in its mouth. And as his costume was that of the black man who was habitually seen by his side, it was further supposed that he had in that first visit to the cottage on thecliff sold him self to the D--. 