POLITICAL NOTES. Mr. M. 3. 3. Bond writes: — "As Icontond taxation is the grontest qnostion before the country, it is of public importance to notico tiio protection and frco-trndo Sydney members of Parliamont. Messrs. Barton aud Bold may bo said to bo ultra froo-tradors, as thoy advo cate giving outsiders nnd foreigners free-trade, while at t.ho samo tinio thoy would annoy our own trndcrs with all sorts of direct taxation. Mr. Copoland, as ho would impose ad valorem duties on luxuries, is on tho right track, and Mr. Burdckin patriotically urges ad valorem duties as a proper iiscal course. Mr. Kothol is another foreigner's advocate, but I suro Mr. D. O'Connor's patriotism prefers encouragement of our own industries ; while Mr. Abignil vindicates ad valorem dutios, and Mi-. J. D. Young is thoroughly imbued with efforts to promoto colonial iudustry. Mr. .Tohn Davics, whilo not so pronounced, would join Mr. Young. Mr. Tooliey, thinking with Mr. Barton will of courso at onco strive to get the duty takon ofTJbccr. Mr. 011iife,liko Mr. Young, will certainly bo persuaded by Mr. Forsyth, who I trust will soon lie president of . a Fiscal Reform League ; nnd should an honorary secretary bo required, X will engage tho duty shall not go begging. I now claim eight out of twolvo just elected Bydnoy members of Parliament in favor of ad valorem customs duties, not for protection but fiscal purposes, and yet X am satisfied with this step-in:tko direction of tcquitablo fiscal urotcc- tion." ' 'Light-hearted Mr. H. 3. 3. Bond I Wo'shonld havo thought that in view of the humiliating position-in which tho electors so far have placed tho protectionists, they would have beon thank ful for tho community's commiseration. A more crushing defoat than thoy havo sustained is un imaginable. The president, the secretary, aud one of the 'most prominent members of tho Protection Leaguo havo dropped £-10 each into tho Treasury, whilo the great freo trado lenders of tho colony, suoh moil as Sir IXenry Parkca, BlrpTohn Robertson and Mr. Gl. H. Rcid, havo treated tho fiscal issuo as ono that is not vitally important in tlioso elections. With nothing liko a complcto organization again9t them, the protectionists havo been beaten down as if they were men of straw. And yot wo have Mr. II. S. 3\. Bond protending to ho "satisfied" with tho results which have been announced. Sydnoy'liaving failed tho fiscal reformers, tlio appeal will now bo mado in ,tho country elec torates. > Ono has already boen made at Oraugei where tho two frco-trndo candidates, Messrs' Clarko and Daltou, was returned on Saturday by majorities respectively of -182 and 2l>9 over tho protectionist candidate, iMr.Hcaton. Orange, it will be remembered, was rocontly " mis sioned" by Sydney protectionists, who trium phantly announced that ovory elector had bo- como a protectionist, and that evun Mr. Clarke had not tho " ghost of a show." But tho far mers aro not so soft-hoaded as tho agitators took them to bo. Thoy would be very unintel ligent -indeed if tlicy allowed themselves to be taxed liko their Victorian brethren for tho benefit of metropolitan manufacturers, without tho remotcstiprobability of thomsclvcs receiving any permanent benefit from tho Bystom. The fact is that already it is certain tho fiscal policy of Now South Wales will not bo radically altered by tho next Parliament. Numerically nnd iuflucntially the protectionists will bo nil unimportant section of tiic IIouso. They - will not make a formidable show in cither votes or brains. No doubt tho tariff will bo revised. Bach absurdities as taxing raw material while admitting tho manufactured articlo free, will bo removed. An equitable revision of the tariff will not be objected to by free-traders. But Parliamont will not proceed boyond revision. Tho proper management of tho magnificent public ostato should minimise taxation to a point not possible in any of tho other colonies, and if tomporary taxation should bo necessary to tide over the short interval between the end of tho present year aud tho time when tho swollen stream of land revenue will begin to pour into tho Trea sury, a property tax, which always can be takon off without difficulty, would be infinitely preferable to that most obstinate of all political fixtures, a protective tariff. Mr. Bibbs assures us that additional taxation will not bo even temporarily necessary. Be that an it may, tho constitucnciei aro not looking to the Custom JIouso for whatever relief may bo ne cessary. Mr. Hcvilon will havo to wait for his Premiership till boyond tho lifetime of tho next Parliament at least, and as tho Victorian example becomes more " shocking " ovory year, it would not cause any surprise if ho should not realise his ambition within his own life time. The feminine experiment of tho local option- ists in tho metropolitan elections has not won general favor. Lovely young woman is sadly out of place amidst the courso excitement which surrounds the polling-booths, and tho idea that modi-rale drinkers will be converted into prohi bitionists by t he simple device of a young girl bearing aloft a teetotal banner is too absurd to be entertained bv rational people. Upon this subject An Elector " writes thus: — " I noticed on Friday, at the various polling-booths of tho city, (various young women distributing leaflets and carrying banners in tho local option in terest. This, I think, was a most libjcctionahlo course of procedure on the part of the advo cates of that principle. What would tho various' clergymen and others wlto are advocating local option have said if the publicans engaged their barmaids in a similar manner, advocating their cause. The whole eitv would have been roused to dcnouncu such iniquity, t think that young women should not be exposed to sue!: degrada tion. Their place is certainly not in tho midst of an excited crowd at an election." Tho candidate sent up by Sir Henry Parkes :o deliver Oundagai from the disgrace of being represented by Mr. .f. II. Waut, is a very re- aiarkablo political personage. Mr. Gerard I'liillipa, the gentleman in question, is certified by Sir Henry to bo " as true as steel." True as steel to his sponsor, wo suppose. This par ticular brand of fidelity is not worth much to the country. Mere I'arkcsites compare badly with men who will carry their own lights into the Assembly, and ho guided hy them there. However, Mr. Gerard Phillips has something to say for himself. Immediately upon1 arriving at Cootnmundra ho wrote an address, which is fairly entitled to a very high place amongst tho political aud literary curiosities of tho cur- rout elections. The reckless conduct of tho late Government has inspired him with nil ambition " to do his utmost to prevent a recurrence of such wild and desperate attacks upon the very vitals of our future welfare nnd prosperity." And then in tho most charmingly innocent way Sir Henry's nominuu assures the electors of Gundugai of his political orthodoxy. "You will find that my opinion)) upon all the subjects of the day aro sound." That is a convincing stylo of self-ivcommendation. But at this point a doubt seems to havo colored Mr. Gerard Phillips' guileless mind as to whether the elec tors of Gundugai were aware of tho large place his life 1ms tilled in the history of New .South Wale:;. Ho the elector;) were given the benefit of the doubt in this admirably-condensed auto biography : — " I. am a man not unknown to public fife. For many years, until f resigned, I was reluruiug-olllcm- for the electoral district of the Glebe, and conducted several contested elec tions. Forever 23 years I was a member of the volunteer force and captain of No. li com pany, 1st Sydney Regiment, and was a well- known shot and ntumbin- of the intercolonial learn. I ant im alderman of my borough (St. Leonards), and a justice of tho peace of over 16 years' standing, having been appointed hy Bir .lohit Robertson.!' If a public career so distin guished as Mr. Gerard Phillips does not" fetch" tho country constituency before which it has been proudly unrolled, we may despair of human nut ure. Mr. Want should feel himself hope lessly distanced. He was never a well-known rifle-shot, nor n volunteer enptuin, nor an alder man, nor n jusl-ieo of tho peace. Mr. Want has nothing but his political capacity to commend him to lite electors, so .that his opponent's chance should ho n very gooil one. If instead of being a successful barrister Air. Want were a valuator,, cay of Barling Harbor properties, do- riving his income from percentage feus, he might cherish a l'aiut hope of winning In tills coil test. Bir Henry Parkes uud Mr. Abigail ure an nounced to speak at Goulbum to-night in be half of Mr. Ball, one of the three candidates for Argylo. . Tho announcement, says our corres pondent, is signed by tho secretary of tbo local Orange lodge, nnd is regarded as a sign that the rapture between the two sections of tho party which supported Sir Henry Parkes for Argyle against Mr. Osborne is complete. Mr. Davies and those who work with him (If our corres pondent is rightly informed) support Mr. Tait's candidature. All this seems to indicate that we havo not yet hoard all that should ho explained about .Sir Henry's balancing between tho elec torates of Argyle and St. Leonards. Undor any circumstances, it is difficult to understautl how Sir Henry could bo released from his plodgo to bo faithful to Argylo. Tho plodgo wns given to tho electors as a body, and could not be with drawn by any little cliquo of wire-pullers in Goulbum. Wlto was it that surrendered Sir Henry to St. Leonards ? By whose authority was the surrender mado ? Who signed tho telegram Sir Henry road at St. Leonards on Thursday night? For tho sake of honorable politics some furthor information should bo given to the public. We havo not beon able to agree with somo of Mr. Wisdom's political opinions, and we have had occasion more than onco to condemn his parlia mentary manners, but we are unfeignedly sorry to hear that there is a possibility of his losing his long-hold soat for Morpeth. That he has made enemies in Morpeth wo can ensily under stand. In his bitter moods his frionds and his foes arc almost equally in danger, nnd it would bo miraculons if a man of hiB tompornmcnt could go on representing the samo constituency without adding to tho number of his opponents. We are certain that tho attempt to oust him uow has a personol rather than a political motive. But tho electors of Morpeth may well pattso before thoy commit thomsclvcs to on untried man in plnco of Mr. Wisdom. We havo consistently maintained throughout thoso elootions that whore the tried man has proved ti political fraud or failure the untried candidate should havo a chance- He cannot be a worso member, and might prove a better one. But tho few real politicians in tho old House should not find it difficult or impossible to secure seats in tho new House. Mr. Wisdom's ability is undisputed. To a largo parliamentary experience ho adds a gift in do- bntc which few of his fellow-members excelled, while tho integrity of his personal character is unchallengeable. Ho has a bad temper, wo admit, but that should not cxcludo him from Parliament. His past services to Morpeth and to the colony at largo entitle him fairly to his old seat in the now Houbc, and wo hope lio will not bo deprived of it. 