THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A COUNTRY DOCTOR. Edited by Mrs. J. K SPENDER, .Anther of " Her own Fault." "'Parted Lives." God. wjn a Ordeal," ,l GabrieUe de Bouxdaine," " Mr. -Nobody." -Ac. - THE GHOST OF SIMON SHAW. PABT I, {Contluded:) Stephen had just then returned from his \- rtnt voyage. He had - been fortunate in obtainingan opportunity'for displaying courage :&nd; promptitude during-a storm at -sea, and his conduct had been mentioned with approximation. 'He waa perhaps A little sanguine in J»is hqpe .cf obtaining some promotion •speedily. To see Stephen a Lieutenant, had -seen the-height of Mysie's modest ambition. ~To : be happy and respected—the wife of a imau-who 1 loved her tiulv and. well—as she '•was innocent, gentle, ana refined—this was 'the .whole of-her programme .for her life. Bat ito,marry another for whom she did not care was to be degraded in herown eyes, to cease •<ven to be respectable; rather as she told us wmild-she choose , to-die. dfor it ireqnired font littk questioning to -clicit from her the fact that her father intended to force her -to marry another: who bad Jong, admired her, and woo was tempted bv the promise of wealth_to; .mike * her his ife. Itseemed • strange at first sight that a .mail .whose, own virion" was so fatally coloured by ithe duplicity natural to JuniseHf should have-seen no. cause for suspicion In the .conduct.of a young cavalry officer, the younger aon tifrEwppble jfemily, who, possessing aUtheviees^ndiew of the virtues •ol his profession; proposed ;to dear off his 'debts and.:continue .& career -ofjjrofligaey by marrying a young and lovely woman—rich, and lower ?than himself in rank. . The very mention of Captain Stewart, who was '.known in .the neighbourhood toi be a man nf,littlp orno .principle, made Jenny so indignant that Z eoonbegan to fear I should be- expected to adopt some such role as that cf ithe .Friar Laurence in. "Borneo and Juliet." - - - "JJVIsaid, "I must .befirm. I cannot «tir is this matter. Apart from ithenaere pleasure of * doing, good,' as you call it, by trying to save life and «nitigate pain and coffering, Tee : medical men base ""dangers enctigii to enboonter in having sworn allemace like soldiers to the flag ol science. W<» am npnn to fn imt.nf nnr bpnf: There is wearisome toil enough-for bpdy-and mind withont entan^ing oiipielves in people's' squabbles.! am sorry- enougjitfor the -girl.-bntl-cannot helpber. i I Mt that J had been taUuri£to6 !aiuch like a book, aodtfeat my wife might justly bAve been a little! irritated.' ' Bat ifee ' little woman knew how to^etottiny side; nowhere, fine told me, * " " •pint 91 Christianity bqenmb than among the mfjpbprs jar my jprotesaianj; ^)Ot only^dia jyer^^p^Metoy pnponhwoe devotion to the cause of hufu s-ni ty was mone noble etilL f®r it often fen »p the fallen and jielp thoSe ip '^"^Ve^m ifter ^is«»logium I did. hot'see that any infarvffntinii cnulirl be rallftd for oil my part. I suggested ;that .Mysie should'* be sent back toherfatbeiv aadtoldfirmly to boldher-own. I afterwards bead, thai she did BO for ^i time^hough-the ordeal was a terrible .'one. ,'Every accidental word' or allusion to her . resolution: in the-matter of the marriage would wake astorm of rage on the part of!tier father. - 1 " ^"Xionrteltiflfe to"bCalenV she said on one ^efcasifin." ^'"Very W01,1 will not speak^ but Ton cannot force metomarry.. At least I eanremainaslam.". ' " ' \- At this hM- cnrses-iiroke-eBkafreBb;— - The girl began tollocf'ill and thin. The roses faded from her cheeks ; her' eyes were hollow, with daifcraxferander them. lhad not been-.called Untie £&s.; Shaw's somewhat enddien deatfa "to 'Simon Shaw's house, those being-, days iq wjugh .small - ailments^were allowed to rofi ^tjiqir jeQ&rae.; life hadihofc. Jbeenir-ade—isit iwmflfjinee wnow—scarcely "worth HTOg.JjyiiannmfipaMp email preeau-, ticns for the preservation ofhealth. - -•-> ; . jilde by a often . *ng (u stale fish;, ana used for tiie etonun of nets. On the other was a rough common which" r separated it. Tj^om. the. shingle—a Jg&ivbj; gmapp WITH A SP^UL^E AND^N^DE ®n Ml fiifle, and intersected .by a low. dyke which" arained-Tirto theroid harbour,^where • the river, bro&Hcuiug; uli^ii-Uy, rstu' JiitD the : sea. Picturesque enough - was 4hik harbour, with, 'its 'fishing boate,. and £roup of pet houses.; But thodgh no otie in the present day would think of taking lodgings near it withont enquiring heedfallyinto ite eanitOTy arrangements, -we were then contented with ouriow death-rate, and diatiot concern ourselves much about sanitary, deficiencies. It is likely enough that though Simon .prided ti™»1f .on his stone gateway and his old panelled room, the air of r bis old ' bouse may nave been laden iHth jgenns,' the earth OTJUB garden/may have exu<^d poisonl and the" very" sHver"and gold whwb fie had handled so much, Aitd h&dso; carefully bidden away, may bave contained "the seeds^of zymotic diseases. But,- -fortunately -for oar peace, we,did nof irmible ourselves much then"abont'these' terrible risks. When I was eentfor to~attend ;MyBie I did nofanalyze ^te milk or inveBt^ateethe dnstheap.' I ais-. covered sufficient cause for her emaciation in the persecation ^he had undergone. Encouraged- by the compliments which iny wife had paid me in telluig mChow often a skilful word xfnrine had-been-successful in calming angry blobd, flaying bad feeling, and settling quarrels amongst Our neighbours, I essayed a few words with Simon as to his treatment of his child. it Worse than useless, and my medical attendance £ soon saw would be useless likewise. ~ The girl'B'jieart-strings were hourly torn' by the unnatural conflict which was taking place." She would obey her father-in every reasonable tiling, 'bat she could not sive .np the lover to whom her promise had teen given, and-to^whom her soul was knit. She shrank from Captain Stewart with a loathing which hourly increased. Her smiles had .been- given -to Stephen 'Hlair, and she fioold not transfer them to another whom she dieappttwed. No fear of poverty benumbed \- ber feelings, no power of forgetfnlness was in her natni'e. I still determined not to interjfere. But if the two-were willing to be marlied, and4o take the -riak of their own deterjnination. it did.not seem to me that any one had a right to forbid them. Thus it came about that on a summer morning when Mysie Shaw and Stephen Blair" ward privately married, with .the .preliminaries «ll arranged i>eforehand ate. church in onr neighbourhood, more than one member cf oufr household was present at the wedding, and my wife took upon herself to see'that all was right "about the pariBh'register. 