J9Sctr0i-olila:i Item*. ? . (FllOM' OUU OWX. COltllHSI'OXnKXT.) Sydney. Oct. 12. Tire Political ovonts of Uit week wore uf on histnrical'iinportancoe. The eleventh Parlininont of Now South Wales; was^lissolyeiUiM.iiWoilnes 'duy. .The writs fiir thiVrtwelfth%)hTr'\vo're 'issued ?'- on Thursday. The mat ilori/rr- with _rogard to tho ininii-ti.Tial arransMUicnts of the eleeturs was ' /utrri/'.' The polling fur tho city mid metro politan-suburban electorates ' comes off on Friday. Of courso, thoro is tho greater po-^ihle* excitomont; and any -amount ol slang- whanging betwixt ministerialists and oppositionists, local optionists and anti-prohibitionists, and ao on. Parkes and Dibbs have particularly : (lia tim;uishod themselves by their ''mutual Billings gate.' Firiloll's resignation of tho Portfolio' of i Justice and tho representation of the Govern ment in tho Upper House was hardly of tho I nature oi a surprise. Indeed the surprise has consisted in his cc-nsonting to roniain a colleague of Abbott's, after that, exceedingly bumptious gentleman had informed tho men of Gunnedah in his election address that he (J. P. Rabbit as Parkes calls him) means to administer the bands Office with scrupulous purity. Tho reflection was naturally too acid for James Squire to stomach, so Dibbs is on tho look out for another Minister of Justice. On Saturday the appointment of Jennings to the Colonial-Secretaryship was 'abetted, and that of Dihbs to tho Oolonial-Troasiirorship. Dibbs had ottered Sir Patrick the choice of tho two billots; hut had inisunderstoul tlio tele gram sent him by Jennings; and so had appointed him .to the Treasury. All is right now, however: and Dibbs is back in his old placc with tho -Premiership thereto added. Jennings will make a good Cobnial .Secretary. The Ministry, howovcr, is weak. Wright is its crux. Badgerv's foolish speech at Caindon has done it u lot ot harm ; while Faiuell'o resigna tion doson' tend to improve the position. Tho ' Herald' which is violent against tho Oppo sition, damns tho Oahiuet with vory faint praise, indeod. Ill its first loattor this morning it iomarkod : — ' Upon t ho wholo, wo nro afi aid that tho now Government has more to fear from itsolf than from its enemies. I*, is not, a strong Government., and Ministers themselves cannot expoct that, it, will prove a lasting one. Wo presume that after what has happened unlindy will' he greatly surprised if the party that ac.liievud so substantial a victory throe years ago should now suffer an equally substantial ilofeut.' . ... . Hx-Ministers Ronwick nnd W. J. Foster are trying to get, hack into. Parliamoiit, nftor tlioir enforced rntiroment during . the wholo of tho last Parlininont. Both1 will I imagiuo succeed in their attempt. A sonnf Faruell's is eoing to contest Central Cumberland, but I don't think he's got tho ghost of a chanco. One of the host tilings of the crisis is old .Sain: Levy's address to tho liion of East Sydney wherein no says inter ulin I intend on all politii nl questions to he a thoroughly indopondont' moinhcr, and . to devote my attention to tlio many social matters that may arise, and also to my spocialty, 'tho Cus toms Department,' of which I was for 25 years a prominent officer, ntu) am thoroughly conver sant with the many nosca-nry reforms that nro roquired in that branch of her Majesty's sor vico. Many persons may object to my . candi- dature on oocount of my ago— 81 years— hut, I can assure thoso gontlomon that I ntn youngor and more vigorous in constitution than most young mon of 25, having always lod a most tem perate life, never smoked, or used tobacco in any shape, havo always takon mv cold bath for ovor 75 years nt 6 a.m. winter and snmmor, and havo novor worn groatcont or flannel iu my lifo. I observe with regrot tho strong languago, back biting and quarrelling now so often used iu tho Assombly, and ono of my most urgent ohjocts will bo to use my influonce to inculcate into tho minds of tho members tho manners and deport ment used during my early manhood nt tho court of his Majesty Goorgo IV.' Mind yon old Sam's turvoydropism would ho nn improvement upon tho coarso vulgarity of many a prominent politi cian. Yostorday at St. Andrews Cathedral, Bishop Barry delivered his olectoral address in which he ploaded with groat ologuence for character as tho first qualification of tho M.P. Ilore is the good prelate's ideal of what tho coming legisla tors should bo:— 'Thoy must bo mon of high and nntaiiiod character, for it is vaiu to supposo that political nobleness can bo compatible with personal dishonesty, self-indulgence and profli gacy. Thoy must bo mon of such moasuro of education and ability of various kinds ns may make theiu fit to handle tho responsibilities of powor. They must ho. men who will lionostly try to do thou- duty to the welfare of nnr com munity ns a whole, and scorn to sacrifice it to tho petty interests of their own clnss or thoir own constituency.- They must bo men of some insticts of statesmanship in the conception of the part which our colony has to discharge in tho brotherhood of tho Empire,' and tho mission of tho English race for ihe welfare of humanity. They must bo mon who will bo representatives of what is good in us and not of what is had— not more reflections of our i miserable littlonoss and factiousness, but men who can understand that there aro questions hoyond the scopo of party which it is sin against us all to bafHo or to dolay.' Dibbs has at last tho satisfaction of being able to point to the success of the . Heating of tho 5J million loan. It is a :i] per cont loan; and, over twelve millions worn subscribed for. Tho third Intercolonial Trades Union Con gress hold its session on Tuesday;- Wednesday. Thursday, .-Friday, nnd Saturday last week. Thero wore delegates from tlio ohiof trades socioties of New South \Vulos ami Victoria. Quoonslund, ? Tasmania, - South': Australia and New Zealaud societies wore also represented but not so nuinoronslv. Mr. Caddy; president of tho Trades and Labour Council cif Now South Wales was olocted (by ballot) President of : tho Conference. . ...Tlio - ohiof .'sulijocts' (loalt with by tho Conference wore tho following: — jZiicoiiraj/emait of liutirc industries. Mr. E. O'Sullwan's motion That tho time lias now arrived wlion a judicious, and discriminating protective tariff should bo applied in Now South . Wales for the purpose of promoting agriculture nnd encouraging, native industry ;' amended so ns to make the .scope of the resolution apply to all tho Australian colonies whole a protective tariff hail not boon established, was carried bv an ovorwhobnming majority. Payment of -nsmA«ra— : Mr; John Barrett's motion, ' That in tho opinion of this. Conforonee it is desirable that the system of payment of members «hnll lie extended to the Parliament of NT; S. \V., and all the other colonics of Austialasia whero tlio: system has not yet boon obtainod,' . was also carried by a largo majority. The Federa tion of all the lahoar urijnnizalions of Australia^ was .determined upon iimbn committee appointod to submit a scheme for consideration. Their schome which rocom mended' a Federal Exo- I cutive losponsiblo to the animal Conference was adopted. State Assisted ? ' ???Immigration \ | was condomnod. Chinese and Caatie Im I migration— Mr. Hiirwotid's immigration (after l its socond clause had been ' eliminated) i was carried. It wa as follows:— 'That in the. opinion of this Congross it is de sirable that tho influx of Chinese nnd Coolie im migrants into tho sovoral colonies is detrimental to and opposed to the interests of the working classes, and should be more effectually prevented than is, the enso at present by : 1st. Too impo sition of a poll-tax of £30, tho samo to be paid by tho vossel bringing such immigrant?, whether they hnvo naturalisation papers or not. 2. By making it compulsory upon the Chinese to de nationalise themselves by cutting off thoir pig tails, and adopting Europoan clothes and cus toms. 3. By tho imposition of nn annual tax, to be paid by all employers of Coolies or Chinese in the soveral colonies, or oil any ship duly registered in or sailing to Australian ports ; the said tax to bo not loss than £15 for oach Ohinese or Coolie employed. 4. That the Parliamentary conmiittoos of the various colonies lie instructed to oudtavour to .have the : foregoing resolutions I uaniuu aim iaw, jinn to usn vigilance iu regard to the introduction of colniiinu labour in Am tialia.' The Hiifianchiso.no'nt of Se.unon was recummeudod: tlio- uieaus^Husrgnstod ;boing a 'qualification liy' th'n-o m- nit hi' servitude aud ?residence ou board any loc illy registered vo-i-ol. ?The bettor inspection of ? mines. — It was utnuii ?.mously;curriod that a i inore faithful administra tion of the Oiiulmiuori', Regulation Aet of 1876 was rrquirod. Inspection of land boilois : tho conference considered that- tho ; Legislatures of I Australia should enact nionsiiro.s ;providing' for i the rogular inspection of boilers bv practical boiler-makers. Trade Union .Legislation . ' It; was resolved unanimously that a, Trado Union Amendment Bill was necessary; . Tho next Cougross will moot in Adelaide twelve months hence. A sad loss has b 'en smtainod by the Roman Catholic community in tho death (last Saturday) of the Rev. Father Garavol, of .St.. Thomas's Petersham. For fifteen years in Now Zoaland and twenty in this colony, ho was tho almost perfect type of the self-sacrificing missionary priest. Two members of tho Phillip's family, nil of whom ware recently quarantined from Rand wick, Arohibuld and Frank Phillips to wit, lniro developed, small-pox. Their fathers' nag 'Michud' won tho Hurdle race nt the Sydney Turf Club's meeting on Saturday, through the excollont riding of jockey. Hunt. 