Shctcbcr. Our Cnrnival Raccco(ir.sc. BY ODOSVBSOn DUKSTKIU (Concluded.) ?Well, as I have taid (hobill, m it flow] stands, is the heet eito on the ground. Stand ing upon its slops, the eye catches every foot of the oonrss. And as I obeervo this, I die oover that a new training ground, one mile round, has been recently made within the circle of the eouiee. Jonathan, the worthy ranger, telle me that it ia the soundest training ground on the whole three hundred and twenty acres, and that It ie built on nine inches of iron - atone rook and nine more of loam, Band, and tBn, in the most approved fashion. Yonder, ae be points out-away to the left, are the ?and track,one and ahalt miles, tbeonemile tan, and the one mile oinders. X am told with a certain pride, that tbo rolling and harrowing, and snob like work in connection with these trsoks, involve an annuel labour covering a distanoa of 7000 miles* In summer the tracks are regularly watered every day. We descend from tho Hill and enter the pawage which leads to the grand-stand and tho lawn. Here, shortly, will be bnilt a oovered way, through whioh tho sslt of sooiety will pass, unseen and uncriticised by the baser clay. Not that this is tbo cppeci&t; object of the improvement, wbioh indoed i> projected for tho purpose of still further inereasing the resources and area of the Hill. Jonathan, big in the pride of his offios, pro duces his keys with that air of responsibility whioh might attach to an old time butler, as he leads the way to an inspection oi the glories ol the cellar. And now we perceive the full development of a soheme, which has been made in the interests of that other olaaa of tho public, the members of whioh, eo to say, travel with first.olass tiokete in the trains of amjiiement at raoe times. This is the swell's region, and proper recognition of its superior requirements is.evident on all sides. IHaot out damm I Let us enter, timidly and nervously, yet with that eager curiosity with which innocent bachelorhood regards every thing oonc so ted with the ladies and their ear. roundings. This is one of tho retiring rooms. Nay, by the mass I but I must laugh. The must prominent furniture in this gorgeous apartment oonsistB of mirrors I Mirrors large, minors small; mirrors whioh reflect the faoe ahS bust only,' and large cheval glasses, which give forth to the inquisitive fair the reflex of the whole of the glories of her form and oos. tume. Here, no question, the dainty maids and matrooswho bloom on the lawn during Cup week, and whose gay and brilliant attire rival Mr. Moore's mantling blossoms of many oolo fsd'hues-here, X. my, within theso rooms (for Jhere are two, each. HO test long) might ba seen and heard much by the philosopher {wore he invislblemRhioh would improve bis knowledge of toe feminine nature. Wbai pleasure, gratified vanity, innooent triumph, mortified pride, delight, and dissatisfaction, have thess mirrors in turn xefleetod, and ahall again reflect 1 How many a woman's heart has beaten high, or lowered its pulses, as these honest tell-tales, set on all sides, bavegivsn baok a truthful answer to wistful or eager feminine inquiryf rwcnderwhetherMr.lfoorechuckles as he looks aronnd at this room. For myself, I own I buret oat laughing. But not alone mirrors for the ladies. Everything the charmers need is provided. Here and then are hung <. housewives," filled with needles, alike, ootton, pins, and the thousand and one oontrtatneas with which women V fix" themselvee. If an awkward oaralier tread upon a lady's train and rip its " gathers," all she has to do is to repair to one of these dainty apartments, where ahe will find applianoes lor remedying the evil, and recovering her oomplaooncyby noting thbfaoial effect of bad temper in a looking glass. And if, haply, tho sun may have carat, with bis amorous glances, her /air checks or delicate nose, here shall she find oold aroam, or violet powder, or toilette vinegar, or some snoh dolioato preparation to relieve hers weet visage ; while she may BBsange her annoyanoe and relieve her feelings by the application of the smelling salts provided by eaccUent Mr. Moore. By George I I think that, all things oonaldered, that gentleman should be the best lauded man in Victoria, among tho ladies at any rate, daring Carnival Week. Flowers are, of course, distributed in every part of tbfijo Bp&ttseQts;, for (be£r greater adornment. Out flowers ue also provided: f°i.f!, * Be.edinS delicate blossom to stw further enhance hor charms, may find Itto her hand. Oases of flowers for this pur. pose are brought from such districts as pro ~uce them earlier than hereabouts. Even Sydney contributes its contingent of blossoms | -among whlcU the Warratah is ever promi nent. All this is gallant work; but it is Oo 1MS polioy. While it gives pleasure to tho lair, it no less brings grist to the mill. A cunning gentleman is Mr. Byron Moore. It seems a ooarne matter, but really I think 11 am as moob interested in the next apart [ ment into which I am Introduced. We havo looked upon the purely nsstbetio and poetic features of a race meeting ; let us now inspect | tho {"ore natural attractions. Here, my friend, is where King Appetite is assuaged. Observe i Mat this is tbo luncheon room, and consider what a spectacle it must present during race week. It is silent and empty enough now. though one might fancy ghosts of departed revellers flit about unseen, yet hungry: but in the oourso of a couple of months its lofty space shall echo to the pops of champagno corks, tho orunch of teeth, the bustlo, and laughter, and, truth to eny, vulgar hubbub and contusion of such assemblies. Flowers again will be seen in profnsion. Why not? uses not one enjoy such matters the better lor dainty and refining surroundings. If it be pleasant to tho eye to gazo upon a boned turkey or a raised pie, is not it the more so to let ft rest awhile upon the Bwtetncja and freshness of bloom and blcBsom ? Who does not appreciate the effect of the dainty farni ture of a dinner table? Who thon shall not applaud the conjunction of euoh influences as are afforded by the presence ol sweet fiowors. Nay, the taste is classlo, and has the authority of the test trAdiUons. thlhlGuTorn,Bp"tmenta Bre»« that tbey B&oald; be. Heasoot ts be a Governor I should say-at raoetimes anyway. At other times, when pestered bv dull "statesmen " iK*0" mtt*rea'iM the axiom that "AH that glitters is not gold." It must indeed be hard work Bometimos, play ing Governor, and sooth to say must involve an extra employment of that suave hypoorisy with which social illusions are sun P,ot'B.d- £ut »way from the disabilities of his office, he and his lady wifo and suite, must have a high old time of it, I peep Into the pantry whence the good things are served, res there are times when I would be a Govornor. Fortruiy we treat our Governors'better in tho matter of feeding than fell to the lot of the honest ruler of llarataria, who got nothing to eat jrou will remember, but argument and promises* This is the Press room. These stairs lsad to the compartment whenoe the recording angels take note and notice of the races. Evmy convenience is provided for these worthy people. In that division at the end are felaoed the telegraphic operators. What a Jump all this, from the time when the first course in Australia was founded by the fine gentlemen of His Majesty's 101st regiment of foot* The saddling paddook, or where the gentle men of the ring dp congregate to do their business or do somebody else's, is, as all the worid knows, under the Hill, to the west of »*»"& Here too a variety of improve meats ban been made, an teiiding to tho facilitation of the great Carnival of the year. Yonder the judge's stand, wherein Ibe arbiter of e-cry contest placet himself. By my faith'? I often think thai many a criminal haa heard, will-. )esf emotion, the flat of a judjic of law, than have thousands who have marked that ol a jii i^c! of a race. Ti:-' new stand overlapa the old one, and is l»' iU up on an area of land aoaopod out of tho Tho crush and crowdit/g, whiob of lfl*J- >eara marred the pleasure of ho many, ' avoided. The ruth will be for the now stand, and the race to the swiftest. The ladies, whoso robes are a higher consideration than a horse race, may therefore move more lmuroly with tbeir esoorts, and take their tilaoea in the old stand. The foresight whioh fed the cflntttiiticc to adopt this plan goes to ahow again their sensibility to the claima of publio convenience. Hut let us Ret on, aorosg the lawn, and on past the ivioa walla and ranger's cottage. I obierve thataarpenters and painters are hard at work, and loam that they ore the emplojit .oftheolab. AH work, whether of craft, or farm, or garden, is done by men engaged on the estate. The work-rooms of carpenters, blacksmiths, painters, point to the circum stance that there is cnongh to keep business brink tho year round. The farm work is CI tensive, consisting in harrowing, carting, mowing, and each like operations. Hay it grown for Ibe working hones, of which there art eleven-each animals aa are rarely seen, save ia a brewer's lorry, or a horse ahow. Fat and lusty, they seem to have a good time of it, with a splendid stable in whioh to paaa their hours of ease and zunnoh tbeir sweet hay. By the way in whioh Jonathan poses himself as we regard some of these brave creatures, I gather that he takes rare pride and satiifao fern in them. On pleasant lines, truly, is oast the lot of honest Jonathan. He baa boen Associated with the course for more than twenty years, and mar be said to be part and parcel of the inatitation. Here is htB oottage standing on a gentle slope, and embossomed in flowers and shrubberies. From the verandah I watah the coaching of the youngsters on the traoks. There are some twenty of them, eaeh, doubt less, as muoh a sabjeot of anxiety and hope and fear to hia trainer, as bipeds, on their en trance into life oonoern thsir mothers and fathers. Indeed, there is not a Tittle whioh ia iSTaR? ron" Parallel to-the oonrse of a child's We and that of a oolt or filly. Eaob trains for the prises of life, in some form or another, and a similar pioture is presented in either oate of the rarity of ancocss and ths oonstaney of failure. A few come to the front, and a few remain there-like old Com motion-stoutly contending against all new oomers. But what becomes of the rook, whether human or equine ? Do they not »m into the oblivion otlorgstfuloess r Are hey not merged into the common lot, and labor oat their lives in humble shadow ? I ?{fn . 0°P winner is like the belle of a London season, or a society beauty, who rarely shines in the firmamont of fash ionable caprioe or whim, mora than ones. And yet aea how eager the women are to shine even for this brief spaoe f Perhaps the motive may be the speculation, and the value of notoriety may be tamed to as hapnv aoeount in the case of the woman as in the case of the horse. Bat what ia aU this f I note that Jona than it eyeing me furtively, as I stand in his verandahi tho* reflecting; and I doubt not that be thinks the cioellent whiskey to whioh we have bean treated in his bouMba* proved too much for my weak brains. Bat X tall Mm Iwas thinking that had I the choice I would rather live in bis cottage than in Government House, in whioh, indeed, is aober truth. At whioh his face relaxes, and though be answers nothing, he looks the honest gratification my poor compliment has in spired. j Jonathan's garden la a very gloty of Mob soma. Particularly am I attracted, by the native heaths, which are caltivated here. It is .\??p»ni!Wi?el5.8lon.Smon8 amitcur gardeners,! that the heath will not bear translation to artificial treatment. "Thaf'sarsooroioerone, is simply because they know nothing about I the matter -an explanation I fancy, of the ! majority ol popal&r; delusions. Attached to the cottage is a email green house, where pot plante are placed in plenty. Sometimes, you see, in this eooontrie climate, t ,e olerk of ths weather plays sad pranks to wards the end of October. The wind and rain i decorations of lawn and avenne. In that c -se, tbo remedy is at hand. Tho pot plants are buried in theeartb, and the eye is eatiafiod. There is surety something of enthusiasm in these fond precautions on the part of Mr Ca<JOn7val°<fmT!,let0the of Ae plaoe, at Of the ferneries, the Ivied wall*, the " har dening house," in whieh-planta are prepared for planting out; of the hedges of gazanU and masses of pittosporum, of the planta tions light and left, and the whole further ! details of this most pleasant spectacle. 11 speak no more. Let me hope that there will bo few ol my readers who will not judge for themselves w the first week of November, and that o[ the thousands upon thounands who then crowd the Hill and Lawn and Stand and Plat, tnere will be as few insensible to the oiroum etanoo that in converting the public portion of l'lemmgton racecourse into a speoles of a great garden, much has been done to forward tho interests of tho popular sport and elevate it* cbaraoter by its associations. We may be sure of this, that the lessborseraoing la tatie purely a business for the gambler, and the more it* bravo influences ere associated with beauty and refinement and honeit wholesome enj jyment, the more certainly will its ponu lanty expand and grow. Yonder, on the new traok are a dozen beauties taking their gallops. Aa our trap Bcoends the gontle elope of the new members' road I watch them, and marvel not at the strong hold (he sport they oonfer upon na should have upon sooiety. Nor do I wonder either that people who delight in euch sports should have been, and should still be distinguished above all others, for their sturdy independence and robust manliness of oha 