VICTORIAN AMATEUR TURF CLUB.— CAULFIELD CUP MEETING. GUINEAS DAY. Saturday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The blossom of the morning was wind and dust, and the fruit thereof most steady rain. The stewards of the V.A.T.C. were certainly under a cloud in regard to the selection of weather, ami the miserable but persistent rain destroyed tlic enjoyment of the many spectators who braved the elements, and cer tainly prevented a much larger gathering. As usual, trains ran from Flinders stieet at short intervals during the day, but those who took their way to' this means of transit had to do ?o at the risk of a thorough soak ing, and altogether the dampness was over powering. The course was not, however, seriously injured, and, on the whole, the time was fairly good. Considerable difficulty was experienced in effecting a start for the Great Foal Stakes, and the troublcsomcness of the riders resulted in Williamson being disqualified for the season, and all the others being lined. The following are the results of the racing : Maiden Plate. Mr N. Wilson’s b c Recall, 7st 71b (Robertson) .. 1 .Mr C. 11. T. Hart's b )i Jocular, Sst alb (Hutchins) 2 Mr W. Bland's b c Egbert, 7st 71b (Cope) .. .. 3 The following also started:—Medea, St. Albert, Lucky Hit, Highland Chief, Hem lock, The Traveller, Cyclops, Plympton, All Black, Local Option, St. Odille, Sedition, Buttress, Parody, and Girofla. Latest betting—6 to 4 agst Jocular, G to 1 Lucky Hit and St. Odille, 7 to 1 Highland Chief and Cyclops, S to 1 Recall. Highland Chief went away from the start, followed by Jocu lar and Recall, and St. Albans coming next in order. Highland Chief made the running along the hack of the course, followed by Girolla and Recall, but at the sod wall the Chief ga,vc in and Girofla led to the straight, when Recall assumed the lead and won by several lengths after a good race. Time, 1 min. 45i sec. First Hurdle Race. Mr J. Cripps’bl h Duration, list lilb (Mffieod) .. I Mr W. Little’s b g Problem, lost 71!) (Gardner) ~ 2 Mr H. ChilML-y's b jf Ciiatsworth, Sst Ulb (Cope) .. 3 The following also started :—Student, Gasalier, Master. Pinetop, Despatch, Flam borough, Vcrnet, and Vanderbilt. Latest betting-4 to 1 agst Duration, and 5 to 1 Master Pinetop and Mistake, 7 to 1 Gasalier and Flamborough, S to 1 Vernet. The event was started in a heavy shower, which slack ened, however, immediately afterwards. Mistake led over the first hurdle, followed by Vernet and Flamborough, but, on reach ing the stand, Vanderbilt went to the front, with Mistake, Vernet, and Flamborough next .in order. This was the position round the side, where, however. Mistake again began to go up, and, on reaching the back hurdle, again assumed the lead. Vernet then hold second place, and Duration, who was going well, easily held third position. Problem and Gasalier came next, and were running strong, the latter especially showing good pace. At the sod wall, Vanderbilt again went to the front, and Mistake was running strong in third place, Gasalier, Vernet, and Duration being next. Gasalier then made her effort, and went to the front, only to be overhauled by Duration at the straight. The prominent runners were then Duration, Gasalier, -Mis take, and Problem, but at the last hurdle Mistake, while still holding second place, fell. Problem then came with a rush into second place, and Ciiatsworth was seen coming fast on the inside. Duration, how ever, had the race in hand, and iron easilj’ by a number of lengths from Problem; Ciiatsworth a good third. Time, 3 min. The Great Foal Stakes. Hon. J. White's hr f Acme, 7st Iolb (Hales) .. 1 Mr W. D. Robertson's b I The Nun, 7st (Moore) .. t MrS. Miller's hr e Mmmyrtina, Sst (Burton) .. j The following also started Defrauder, Manxman, Uranus, Dividend, Damocles, Edith, Essie, Lottie, Clelia, Anita, Madde liua. Latest betting—o to 4 agst Acme, 4 to 1 Maddelina, 8 to 1 Dividend, The Nun cut out the running on approaching the turn but on entering the straight, the favorite came with a rush and won by a long neck. The ■Nun and Muuwyrtina running a. dead heat for places. Time, 52 secs. The Caulfield Guineas. Mr J. Wilson, jun., bre Ringmaster, Sst 51b ..1 Mr A. K. Robertson’s bre Dunlop, Sst 51b.. .. 2 Mr.T. Monaghan’s hr c Eagle Grange, Sst 51b .. 3 The following alsostarted—Parwan, Monte Christo, Melodious, Lady Claudia, Juanna. Latest betting—s to 2 agst Monte Chi isto; 3 to 1 Ringmaster; 5 to 1 Dunlop; 100 to 15 Juanna. if his race was also run in a shower of rain. Ringmaster, Dunlop, and Juanna, showed up most, prominently at the stm t, and at the ■ hack of the course -Ringmaster was brought back and Dunlop assumed the lead,' Juanua second, and the favo rite third, Ringmaster running well in fourth _ place. Another change in posi tions then began and Melodious going very fast, assumed the lead on reaching the sod wall, and Monte Christo ran into second place, Dunlop and Juanna were next in order, but occasionally changing places, while Parwan was absolutely last. Dunlop then made a great effort, and at the home turn ran to the front, and maintained this position on the inside of the straight until challenged and overcome by Ringmaster. Monte Christo also gave way. Ringmaster being well ridden made the most of his op portunity, and passing Dunlop went well to the front, coming in a winner by over two lengths, three-quarters of a length separating second and third. Won well in 1 min. 49 sec. Australian - Hunter’s Cup. Mr S. Harris’ borbr g Naming, -i2st 21b (Hr W. G.a.:scook) .. ~ .. .. ..1 Mr J. Spiers’ b g Gippslauder, list 81b (Mr J. Spiers) .. .. .. .. ..2 Mr R. Anderson's g g Abdallah, 13st 51b (Mr C. I Glasscock) .. .. .. .. ..3 The following also started :—Kulkyne, [ Spring, Robert the Devil, Chesterfield, Tanglefoot, Gold Top, Curiosity, Sissy, Conrad, Jack Shepherd, and Streak of | Luck. Latest betting—3 to 1 agst Naming, [ who had come up rapidly during the after noon; 4 to 1 Tanglefoot, 6 to 1 Abdallah, S to 1 Spring. A good start was effected, all going cleanly over the first brush fence, when Gippslauder rushed to the front and led the field over the next hedge. At the first post- and-railer Curiosity fell, and later on Jack Shepherd also came tcgrief. Gipps landcr had a great lead round the back of the course, but it was noticed that his rider was not taking him over the fences as cleanly as he might have done, and trouble was an ticipated. Gippslauder increased his lead, with Chester and Robert the Devil preceding the others, and much this order was main tainedover the palings and logs, and along the side the order was Gippslauder, Robert the Devil, Chesterfield, Gold Top, and Kulkyne. The leader still held his position round the course and over the sod wall, where Spring, who began to show up, fell. At the home turn Abdallah began to creep up, but Nar rung went forward and led Gippslauder into the straight. The last hedge, however, nearly proved fatal to Naming, who rushed through it without falling, and Gippslauder, going over the break, decreased the distance. It was observed, however, that both horses wore almost exhausted and incapable of further extension, and thus finished without any alteration of their posi tions. Won by several lengths. Time, 5 miu. 54 sec. Tookak Handicap. Mentmorc (Guy) .. .. ~ .. 1 Too Too (Hughes) .. .. .. .. 2 Mrs. Jarley (Hughes) .. .. .. ..3 The following horses started ;—Lantern (D. O’Brien), Chuckster (M. O'Brien), Dirk Ilatteraiek (Toon), The Ghost (Williams), Ferulea (.Saunders), Kingship (Power), Too Too (Hughes), Hobart (Brown), Vision (Blair), The Chanter (Morrison), Evie(Page), Sirocco (Craeknell), Reprise (Flaunagan), Mentmorc (Guy), Clarendon (Barr), Wal halla (Twomy), Mossiface (Johnston), and Mrs Jarley (Huxtable). Betting—2 to 1 agst Sirocco, 4to 1 agst Chuckster, 5 to 1 bar two. Fernlea and Sirocco were the first to show in front. Dirk Ilatteraiek and Too Too then led, but were collared by Sirocco before the turn into the straight. Once into the straight-going Mentmore came, and after a fine race beat Too Too by a neck. Mrs Jarley. was third. A protest was entered against the winner. Time, 1 miu. 47 sec. 