THIE P'OLITI?CAL SITUATION. AFTER nearly a fortnight's debate the Government have succeeded in carrying the motion for the Address in Reply to the Governor's speech. Knowing the character of the majority of the Government supporters, it was not expected that the Opposition would carry the amendment, but the debate upon the motion has had the effect of letting daylight in upon some peculiar transactions of the present Cabinet. T'he 'first indication of the eyes of the people'having been fully opened to the Ministerial maumuvres was shown in the result of the Canterbury election. In this case, in spite of the Government prestige in favour of the great con tractor and Ministerial supporter, Mr. HuDsoN, the electors returned Mr. H?EsoN, a decided opponent of the Government. Many of those who voted against Mr. HUDSON were in the employ of the company of which he is the nominal head, yet they preferred incurring the risk of his dis pleasure, rather than help to return, him, and thus assist to keep the Governmant in power. The next instance is that of the election for Central Cumberland. It cannot have been in recognition of the past services of Mr. VAUNEY PARKIES that the elec. tors have returned him in preference to Mr. BULL, The plain fact is that he was returned simply because he is his father's son, and to show popular sympathy with Sir H. PAiKES. In this display of popular' feeling, :no doubt, the member for Argyle' will find a solatium for some of the in dignity heaped upon him .by His Excellency in describing him aas 'the head of "an insignificant party." .It may be argued that these two elections will not affect the result of the approaching appeal to the country, and that the real touchstone of public opinion will not be applied till then. To this we reply that these two elec. tionis' have afforded the first and only o?~jirtunities in which the electors cduld, in a constitutional manner, ex prmss their disapproval of the policy pursued by the Government, and they have not been slow to avail themselves of them. If the people had been so satisfied with the actions of the Go vernment, as the latter wou'd wish us to believe, no Opposition candidate would have had the ghost of a chance, much less have been returned with a thumping majority. The truth is that, since. the burshing of the Boudan battle, the people have had plenty of time to reflect and to recover from the glamour which a display of military sentimentality in. high places east .upon them. Throughout the whole of that miserable business, the only redeeming point is that it caused the colony to become more widely known. This was the'excusd put forth for sending home TroliCKEr .ud the first Australian Eleven, and the same end might have, been attained without plunging' the colony into debt. Independenitly of this 8oudan fiasco, the electors have gravegrounds of com plaint against the Government, ivere it only for its wilful and unnecessary pro criastination in. calling Parliament together. This was promised to be done in last May, and no valid reason has been given for its postponement till September. The Opposition have twitted the .Cabinet with this delay, but have extracted nothing of a satis factory nature in reply. Accordingto this styld of busiuess, a Ministry may keep'itself in power from one year a's end to another, after having. passed tl;e Estihliates, whether the couutry is satisfied with its conduct or not I This. surely is not in accordance with the Constitution Act I It'may be fairly asked, what has the-country gained by this almost unexampled recess ? " We are told by the Attorney-General that the two pieces dl resistance, the Pablic Health Bill and the Locdal Governident Bill, have occupied 'a vast amounnt of the care and time of the MinistrSf'?I Well, ifthese measures had occupied so much of the Government time oun accbint of their vast importance during the recess, how can it be expected thliat thy. can be properly dealt with by Par? .liam'ent in the incredibly short:time, Iplaced at'its disposal before the disso? lution ? Is the servile majority sup posed to be at hand ready to rush :clause after clause of these bills tbrough the House in spite of the protestations of the Opposition ? The Health Bill, .beim partly of a finauenial character; "hd a right to have been introduced into tie, Asssmbly first, and not to hhave been sent down to the people's chamber arrayed in the garments of the Upper House I •I. .* *,* '.: * * The country has, however, become so nooustomed to the travesties carried , · on by the present Ministry, in the matters of. reckless expenditure and oligarchio government, that it ceases to express any surprise at whatever may transpire. The Constitution Act may be entirely ignored; inmraonse contracts magy be quietly distribitead; hirge tracts of land may be manipu lated; log-rolling, jobbery,.and nepo tism may be of the most barefaced character, and productive of the most: injurious results, but the Ministry jog Imerrily on. The metropolitan Press having once permitted itself to': be dragged at the chariot wheels, pf the ." triumphant majority," is conterit:to bespatter the Government with fulsome flattery, which the latter ii shrewd enough to accept at its, real value. Having sounded its pceais in favour of the Soudan expedition at the first, the Sydney Press shrinks from admit ting its error, and now endeavours to force the Dublic into approving that which its better and calmpr jiudgment condemns. But the signs of the times are unfavourable to the continuation of the present 7Viuistry in office, wherever the next may come from. As when an employer having engaged a servant for a certain term, finds him utterly unsuitable, yet refrains from summary dismissal bencause the end of his engagement is close at hand, so the country puts up with its present rulers for a month or two longer, knowing that it is principally to blame at the onset for having placed them in power. 