BRIEF WITTICISMS, \---0--- At the opera in Dublin a gentleman ear. castically asked a man standing up in front of him if he was opaque. The other denied the allegation, and said he was O'Brien. Teacher: " Suppose that you have two sticks of candy. and your big brother gives you two more, how many have you got then ?" Little boy (shaking his head): " You don't know him ; he ain't that kind of a boy." " Do you know the prisoner 7" asked the judge. " Yes, sir," replied the witness. " What sort of a reputation has he ?" ' llepntation ? First class " " What has le ever.done ?" " pone ? Why, your hon. our, he killed four men in Texas with three shots." " bliss Roseleaf (who is trying to force a conversation) "What do you suppose, Mr. Van Noodle, makes our hostess' recep tions to Invariably stupid ?" Mr, Van Noodle , " Aw, weally, I haven't a ghost of an ideaw." Miss IR i "And all the other gentlemen are very much like you, Yes, that most be the reason." A young lady, whose very best young man lived over-the-way with his parents, took a seat by the window one cloudy more. lng, " Why do you sit by the window such a chilly morning, Laura ?" asked her mother. " I'm waiting for the eon to come out, ma," she replied. IIolloway's Ointment and Pills.-Rhen. matism and Gout.--Thesoe purifying and soothing remedies demand the earnest at. tention of all persons liable togout, sciatica, or other pailful ,eotions of the muscles nerves, or joints. The Ointment should be applied after the affected parts have been patiently fomented with warm water, whet the unguent should be diligently rubbed upon the adjacent skin, unless the friction should cause pain. llolloway's Pills should be shoultaneeouly taken to reduce inflam. mation and to purify the hlooll, This treat ,nent abates, the violence, and lessens the frequency of goat, rheumatism, and all spasmodlic diseases, which eprifa from hereditary predisposition, or from any acei. dental weakness c of co.stituiton. l'This Ohtt ment chlecks the local mischief. The 'ills restore the vital powels. A Goons SeERMON.-Norman McLeod was once preachbig ii a distrliet of Ayrshire where the reading of a serson is regnardll as the greatest fault of whiUch the minister cau be guilty, Wtheen the congregation dNpetrsel, an old wom,,n, ovellowing witk entlahusiasm, adldreussed hen teighbouvc : " Did ye ever hear oue thing u e gae n'l Wasna that a sermon 1l" l"ht all be uepsressions of ad miration hbein nt by a stolid glance, she shoulted, " Sµast, won, I wasna hllt a sernvn ?" "O, sy," replied her friendlc sulkily, "but he renadl it.' " llend it," said the otlter, With ltllgnaont emphlsiR "I eoadoa l w ea ul c ti( kit had wiustlete it,'" 