rHOVlNCIAL PKESS TELEGRAMS. By Electric Telegraph. Melbourne, June 22. Judge Higinbotham has expressed in the Herald an opinion favorable to solitary con finement, with whippings for young crimi nals, in order to keep them separate from the other gaol-birds. He regards our prisons as seminaries for vice. George Wilson, who was formerly sen tenced for indecency in spying in the ladies' private apartments at a railway station, was fined £10 or three months' imprisonment for repeating the offence. The Rev. J. A. Dowie was sentenced to one week's imprisonment, in default of pay ing another line, for conducting illegal street processions. The railway employes intend appealing to Parliament by petition against the decision requiring them to pay haU fare for travelling to aud from their work. On the St. Hilda railway a carriage ran off the line, and tbe traffic was stopped for on nour ana a nait to-uay. The idea has been mooted in military circles in Sydney that there should be a federal encampment of the New South Wales and Victorian military forces at | Albany in the summer, j One of the passengers wrecked in the j steamer Cahors" was a son of the late HqiL I J. ML Grant. . i The Herald states that a house haunted | by the ghost of an agreeable-looking young lady, exists in West Melbourne. The divorce petition of Edward Alfred Strctford against his wife has been dismissed. The parties made a boy and giri marriage, which the petitioner ;<Ud not recollect, ha lie was drank at thetime, iand afterwards the respondent lived with another man; The Court held the prti&mer; jKiad deserted |fis ! wife and delayed proceedings. tooTong. . . A severe frost prevailed in . Melbourne to- 1 day, and the weather is estremriy wldf " Mr. Latham'has recovered JESOO.damages from Robert "Scott, fur -permitting goods stored with him two years ago to be pold. £ < Jh the. ease of Carroll r„ .jPwxpll, .the j bnsband has obtained i divorce from his j j consequence of her misconduct with I Josiah Gregory. | J application made by ; j Mr, Goldberg, money lender, to attach £48, I the amount of a judgment obtained years ' j ago, out of the proceeds of Walker's verdict | against the Daily TdeyrajyJ the decision | has been reserved. i . Ss 10d to 3s 10|d ; flour, £7 10s S « oats» Zealand (duty j paid), 3s ; Victoria, 2s lid to 3s Id ; barley j quiet ; maize, 4s 3d ; brau unchanged. 