' TALES AND SKETCHES. At Their Gate. " Heavens ! that mm a near shave," .remarked Archie Gould, leaning back from the box of tho lanuau to address his mother and Colonel Westcrfield who had just como down from town. "An . inch nearer nnd the gate .roubl have been on the horsea' noses. That woman's a fool, mother, for I am sure the gate la not heavy enough to account for her strnngo behaviour." " Stop the horaca, Archie." aoid the Colonel eagerly. " I must get out. I tJiini; tuo gate strucK tnc poor creature ; she looked to mo in a terribly weak state. "Fray don't atop now" said Lady Mildred languidly. " I will Bend to in- ' quire. Anyhow it does not matter. 'Those Eorts of people are accustomed to blows. I daresay tier husband beats her every night, and a stroko more or less won't hurt her. She is a mystery, Colo nel Westcrfield 1 Mr. Gould declares sbo is a lady. Hid you ever hear such nonsonso ?" " Nonsence 1" chimed in Archie. "Why her liUBbaml is understrapper about tho woods, nnd, by Jove ! I verily believe ho poaches far more than he pre serves. I never pass their house with out being sure that I can smell game cooking. By tho way, Colonel Westcr field, wo have a glorious time before ns to-morrow, though I expect after India you will turn up your nose at a quite day in tho swedes." " Not I, indeed," replied tho Colonel, Still looking back at the tiny cottage that was rapidly disappearing as the horaeB quickly left it behind, nearing as they did so the great white houso which Lady Mildred had obtained in equitable exohango for her name nnd family. " I only trust yon will allow mo a really old- fashioned walk with good dogs, then I shall ask for nothing. But, Lady Mil dred," ho added, turning to his hostess, " I should much like to nsk after your gatekeeper, as X feel ska was injured in our service." "You always wcro a Quixote, Harry," murmured her ladyship, "nnd I do not suppose even India has made you less of a one. Welk down after dinner." Mr. Gould has a prejudice, one of many, I am sorry to say, against tobacco : and your after- dinner smoke must be taken either in tho gardens or tho con servatory farthest awny from the house oMftlf. in tltn Lntlfn will be all your day's work. At the same time prny do not say anything that shall take Mrs. Stokeslcy out of her place. She may bo expecting me to call every lime sho looks pale, and that, you know, would ho ridiculous. I have no time;" then, with a sigh and a coquettish glance, sho remarked, " Time goes so dreadfully fast. Fancy me with a grown-up son. I snpposo you find me altered out of all knowledgo ?" « Not altered in the very least. I should have recognized you anywhere, " said Colonel Wcsterficld,, thinking how very little the wife of the rich merchant had changed from the selfish, impecunious girl ho romembcred, sacrificing him among several others to obtain anything required, " And no ono would tako Axliio for yonr son if lie were oot always calling vou mother. He has not ono of the Bo Tore features that I can see." " No, poor dear hoy ; ho is a Gouhl all ovor, "sighed Lady jlihlred. ' But let us forget disagreeable subjects. Colonel Westerficld, if wo can : at ail ov nts until Mr. Gould returns. See, here is tho house. Tho architecture is of c0ut60 impossible, but I have done my best to make tho interior habitable." And she led the way through the front door, left hospitably open to tho park ; and at which the carriage had drawn up as Iheyspokc, into a hall where both comfort and beauty had been admirably blended in an extensive manner, that spoke well for Mr. Gould's parse nnd Lady Mildred's taslo and powers - of spending. " Are you going to moon about nnd drink tea with mother," asked Archie, msliing in aftca driving round to tho stables, to make snre the gate bnd not hod not injured Trnmpoter'a or Drum mer-boy's angelic brown nose, " or will you come oat and sco tho dogs, Colonel ? Sykes says, mother," ho added, without giving Colonel Westcrfield tho timo to answer his inqniry, " that Mrs Stokosley let go the gate when she saw Colonel Wcsterficld's face, nnd that sho looked as if she had met a ghost. Isn't that queer?" "That woman is tbc talk of the place ; pray do not bring tha stable gossip in hero, Archie," intcrrnpled his mother, impnicntly ringing tho silver hell that hang just above the centre tabic in the hall. " IIow conld she possibly have known Colonel Westcrfield 1 She has not been here six months, and ho lias been five years in India. Tea, Beaton," anil she sat down in one the big wicker chairs, and planted two small, nnd silk- stockinged, tan-shod, feet at tlio right angle to catch the not too observing eyes that belong to her old iovor. Jnst such n pair of feet had stood nt tho top of the long oak staircase, and caught his eyes as ho turned sway from the Manor twenty years before — his heart heavy with the freshly-imparted knowledge of Mildred's engagement to Archibald Gonld ; and in less time than it takes to teil it, Colonel Westcrfield had sank into another deep ann-clinir and buck in thought in tho days of old, when his first hope was to be able to guide thosa feet into pleasant paths, whore they could walk side by side, nnd when dnty, love, ambition, wero all set one side to follow tho lead of ono of most daring and bcnutifnl of tho debutante) of 18G0. Oh, the days of old ! how potent was their spell. India had been bis portion save for one fnrlongb, in which he had seen nothing of tho Goulds, because ho feared to feared to find that he was still enslaved, yet India could not deaden those memories or obliterate those pic tures that appeared to glido by him, as he sat there in Mr Gould's hall, sipping Mr. Gould's tea, nnd endeavouring to keep himself suffiently in tho present to bo able to answer rationally when Archie spoke to Lady Mildred murmured a commonplaco that kept appropriate accompaniment to his thought, " What a lucky escape I How ever could I hare made such a fool of myself over such n wind-bag ?" Yet memory forced him to recollect it all : to remember how ho had flung away from home, whero bis father and brothers lived a half-civilized, wholly reckless life surrounded with grooms anu nogs anu norses ; wiiero nis oniy sister griw up untamed and scarcely edu cated, to disappear from tho Hall with licr groom, to the rage and despair of rather, who vowed vengeance against her, and to the pions horror and a chorus of " I told you so " from tho neighbor hood, that always stood aloof from the Westcrfield cvcrsinccMrs. Wcsterficld's death, and that was only too glad to see in Miss Wcsterficld's disgrncclnl cliopc- ment, not only tho distinct finger of Providence, but a pleasant fulfilment of ono of tho many prophecies of evil to their ncighbonrs, in which tho neighbor hood itself particularly rejoiced. " A penny for your thoughts," said Archie, ns he tried to mako Oscar, tbo Skye terrier, to bnlanco a pieco of but toned cake on his nose. " Both yon nnd mother seem a trifle dull this after noon." " The shadow of the past lies heavily upon me," replied tbo Colonel with a short laugh. " My thoughts would not ho worth your penny, Archie ; they aro written in nn obsolete language, and wnahlbc ns incomprehensible to you ns Hebrew." " Tell them to me, then," suggested Lady Mildred tenderly. " Ob, hero is Mr. Gonld," she added impatiently, ns n tall red-faced man entered tho hall abruptly ; " this will put them nflight to the post, if any tiling can," and sho leaned hack once more in her chair and sipped her tea, when a dead silenco fell upon party, that was scarcely broken untill the dressing bell rang. Indeed, Mr. Gonld'spresenco seemed as heavy as his body, and a feeling of con straint snbdaed Archio nnd silenced Colonel Westcrfield, resulting in desul tory conversation on ths mildest of sub jects : a conversation only lightened now and then by ill-bred sarcasms levelled At. Iior littaltnnrl hv T.nrlv Alilflfflfl.wllicll. however, might have been Sanscrit quotation s for any impression they made on the calm, self-satisfied City man, and which made the Colonel shudder and thank heaven rnentalJyfor having pre served him alived and scathless from the hands of tho enemy. However, ho could not help thinking over the past, as the dreary meal was brought to an abrupt end by Mr. Gould passing the wine to him, nnd hiding his rubicund countenance under a big white handkerchief, announcing that ho was going to have his usual nap. Ho care fully avoided any possible snaro left for him by Lady Mildred, nnd escaped down tho billiard-room lobby into tho kitchen- garden, from whence he intended to make bis way to the lodge. Somehow or other he recollected things that bo had not thought of before for years, and he was so absorbed with his own dreams that he found himself as his destination almost as before ho knew in tho least where he was. Intense quiet hung about the lodge ; the windows were open, for the evening was sultry, and the white curtains waved too and fro in tho darkness, like pale hands beckoning to him to como in. Tho Colonel opened the tiny gate, aud going up the neatly-kept path which led totween two banks of straggling au tumnal flowers that leant forward aud touched him as ho pa»6ed, knocked gently at tho half-opened door. There was no reponse. The Colonel again rapped louder, this time using the knob of his caue, but still 110 sound was audible. He pushed the door wide opeu and peered in. The darkness was lighted a very little by the flickering of u tiny fire, and in a few moments he could see that the rooin was empty ; he advanced a step or two, and, striking a match, applied it to a candle that was on the table. Holding up this unsaroury luminary, tho Colonel gazed round the small kitchen— an ordinary one, but scrupu lously clean— and saw nothing to to mark : the silence was still unbroken ; the Colonel stamped a little on the brick floor, cleared his throat vigorously, aud then poked the fire ; and he was about to give up his quest in despair, when an inner door opened, nnd on the staircase that went up straight out of the kitchen presumably to the rooms above, stood a tail black figure that appeared to him to have something strangely familiar about it. AH at once the truth flashed across him, he put down tbc candle hastily, nnd advanced, holding out his hands and exclaiming : " Maty, good God, Mary ! what are you doing here ?" " Nay, rather what aro yon doing here, Harry?" she said, coming forward aud placing tho lamp sho carried on the clumney-piece, " could you not leave me alone? Why have you come to seek me out ?" " I never knew you were here," stammered tho Colonel ; " how could I? I came to ask after the gate- woman. Tho horses, or something, nearly frightened her to death, when she opened the gate for us this afternoon, nnd I feared the poor creature was hurt. By tho way, Mary, have you called to see her? Good heavens I why it is thirteen years since we met. I haven't seen you since" " Sinco I ran away with George Stokeslcy, Harry," said Mrs. Stokesley, concluding the sentence that came to a somewhat lame conclusion, owing to the Colonel's suddenly recollecting when and where his sister had last met. " Well, I am the gate- woman j the gate did nothurt mo in tho least, thank you. I was naturally flurried at seeing you : I never oxpectcd to meet one of my brothers here : although I remembered you knew tho mistress, I nover fancied you would care to come to Mr. Gould's house." "Tho mistress !" ejaculated the Colonel angrily. "It is no good to shirk tho truth," answered Mrs. .Stokesley calmly. " She is the mistress ; I do her washing, and very glad I am of tbc job too. Won't you sit down, Harry ? it's as cheap as standing, and as you are here, I should dearly like a few words with you. I promise to curtsey to you respectfully, however, when you drive through 'with her ladyship." "where is that fellow, Stokeslcy?" "Please bo civil at least in that fellow's house," said Mrs. Stokesley, quietly seating herself by the fire, where a small saucepan began to bubble angrily giving signs of requiring attention ; " my husband is out, ho will not be iu just J'Ot." "Are you hnppy?" demanded the Colonel fiercely ; " will you come away with me? uow this moment," and he seized a slmwl hanging on the chair, and held it, as if he wished to put around her. " Pray, pray bo calm," said his sister, "and let mo answer yonr questions. Hnppy, no ; but who is hoppv ? George and I have nothing in common, of course ; but then how many husbands and wives have ?. Have the Goulds ? Havo tho Duke and Duchess on the next estate? Why, her maid told me they never speak, and he— but there, I have nothing to do with them." Then, after a few moment's pause, she added : " Let mo tell you how things stand, Harry, and then I will tell you what you can do for me. In a moment of foolish, idiotic passion, I threw my all, and lo6t. I had heard Lord Arthur laughing me in the hunting field, with his cousins ; that was enough, no one loved me, no ono cared for me, but George, poor George— bis lore, rough A9 it is, has never failed me. And when I sicken at my lot, aud shrink from liim, as I do— as I do, woe's me, .though I tako care he never sees it— I remember all ho has tried to bo, and I forget what I was. Lord Arthur's cannot tell the ; story I can tell of my husband's de votion and care. I alienated him from all his own people, and I shall remain with him untill death solves the problem of living for me. I try to keep him straight, and I educate the children a little better than the village schoolmaster does, and the boys are steady, floe fellows, one 60 like you, Harry." " Then there are children ?" asked the Colonel, his heart sinking into his boots " Four — three boys and a girl," said his sister, clasping her hands, " and it is of her I would speak, she is eleven, old enough not to bo a trouble, young 1 enough to be made n lady of. Will you tako her, Harry, for the sake of the sister, whose girl-bood you left unpro tected, for the mother who died when I was born ? A good school, and a fair start, and Trixy may have the beautiful lady's I threw away in one mad moment. Will you do this ? See, you shall look at her," nnd rising hurriedly, the poor woman ran to the wooden door, and called softly up the staircase, " Come down, Trixy, I want you." Even in the coarse print frock and pinafore that marked her estate, tbero was no doubt that Trixy was no common child. Her long fair curls were like a fairy princess's, and her calm blue eyes looked out of an open, candid face that was inherited from a long lino of Wester- j Acids, and that ibfld'rtts rtwufcnjrttft <mv the walls 4 Abe W'eaittffijM flfefur#- gallery flujowetUmu <w# "SMutyefc and Bir Jotliutt. Colonel Western dlfl -qpfih? to tfto riiflitf kindly, -watched L«sttWvwl'y a'UV»v alii performed svuiv slight snfJ- lice lly her mother, .awvuut ftuejjnfll £ and" tlu'u as she idwapjiOftrefl ones more, he said— " If I iake .her, <wirt«5 -vfib yieu <fa— what will Stokcnley €a«£v " We bare ofUiu .jnlkeu rt'I #&fu;>jr fmir to one of .tny Atrotbew, a»ud ibww too, that ibis may La»jrtav Sfcjv frtvkeslev, -" tdybemi jis ftrolfaiv Ihngr ago, JJarry ? Jhwtfcrtue noyft. Will you save any rdlitld lower than I ibarc dUtW? Lady Mildred has sjtokeu livesfiib# her to be LerJiUlciiwtflb UHdUkrflf Jfa. Gould aud AreU'w. .-and ffiheu oil Ttffay' looks, aud uvh» Irani ib«r m& U your jlfsb .and xftnr all." ColomJ M'cAurditiid dheni'y for a few minute, .Jaite .MeitfW would uianyintn. WWfedi tto see if he were -cured (4 litis tfanty fW Lady Mildred before ffll# limit fatal Word. She was sgoSihisat Jtttfll purity itself, Be woifld fcfl! Atft" fUbls story, Trjsv .could %v do 61$ school. Ob, It uuusU- uitfUuld-dtertBW' aged I " Could she be jroaffy tto-npawir week ? " be asked, /.ituug dJftiu Ibis alliftV, " I hove a plan. Of (course unttfid cotueand see .hv I'd rather wot meet "No. J give ber io atfrnty? said Mrs. fctokesley. Wfwy, $ you will do ibis for sue, w Am tell you how grateful 1 JaMl live over again Iu 111 rise/- amd iky to» make her brotl«rs wnrtb/ (tffHUSr "Icau'ibaveibmu Ibaufiug wmufl said tie Colonel hostaJy, not bear, and all your diWl&siP; eanuuit look like 'ijjxy .does/' " None sbafl trouble you,, Mwy ? ll promise tiiat/' aus.we.rid ibis flushing warmly, M Now jgoulbfty#— - that U to soy, rou doult rcatd ta> nu'ed George. To-morrow you aw fiblbnuC Westerficld, and I aiu Auc £ but a fine to Mrs ftwkedvy wftib y\wv washing, you know, \vftl Aj&l; no wlb vce to send Trixy/' " I'd take her '"auwfwstfl Colonel, going towards tbedw as ftw spoke. "No; that Avoidduierftr to I toft- want juy lady to <us watftvfatg. George has a -very gootUflw# aivfl he must keep At/ arid A&& fefesfoy, " I'Jl send juer.ox briug itoy,, wlidiiUmw you like/' " Bring bar then m replied the Colonri, .sari IMlqgav aMhs on bis card, and firing ft AoAfc "Aud, Mary/' be addfid, bftafang down and kissing bur, iff yw# im up your mind io .come too, flfi to aty beat to make you forget all 4U&V; "Too late/ Horry, too flute!/' ffiuifl Mrs. £toke6l/.sod)y, bed, and must fie -on At, fiudb as b> i cau never amor ahvo aojujcy agum I shall be content if <tudy "Triry am ft# soved/' " Well, goodnlgU rftndiffyoueftwffige your mind— ob, ber/a aowe 6rt#/ She added, as a man's Jbnw drtttue ap> tfjl# path. " Is that you, " Yes, At As/' replied Abe y<ftvAb jauntily, " Hie, Mrs. tdktby,! unovft you to put more atowb An twp A fellow fias no slide wbtooi ptay (4 starch. Don t Xorgef> yav? " No, sir, GoodjuAgld, CtflftwU Westcrfield/' replied JWrs. respectfully. Then as the Archie turned away, she (dosed tUtatow, and siDkiug ou her kueee by Abe mud! tall?, sobbed aloud. " Whatever the muter < esy/' re marked Archie tapiftOily,as be ft-otfk till# Colonel's UDwiUingmau, "At jgwes style to a place to bare a wouwm wfrb a figure Jike that at the gate/' 