Farewell Lecture, By the Eiiv. A. S. C. James. Delivered in the Lycedm, Beoa, Monday, November 16. Subject : — MATERIALISM. Evolution. Having shown you. ou the odo hand, that the theory of Evolution is but a working hypothesis, aud not a proved theory, and having shown, on the other hand, that the theory of Spontaneous Generation has nn scientific foundation at all, what becomes of the Materialism of which these theories aro the necessary corollaries ? If they fail, Materialism is truly between the -Devil and the Deep Sea, and most assuredly they are unable to yield the support which Materialism needs. In the light of the present state of these doctrines we can safely maintain that Materialism is entirely baseless as a theory of the universe. When Joseph Cook, of Boston, was in Germany some years ago. Professor Tholuck discussed this question, and the eminent Professor said:—" If a man is a materialist, we Germans thiuk he is not educated; " and I am sure the evidence which has accumu lated since that time has only tended to confirm the Professor's conclusion. But grave objections to Materialism arise from other sources than the weak ness of its corollaries. It cannot satis factorily explain certain familiar con ditions of the human body and mind. The lecturer gave an account of the minute organisms termed " Bioplasts," or life forms, the germinal matter which is supposed to be esseutial to the func tions of all living beings. These proto plasmic, or bioplasmic molecules work ou a systematic plan, aud the questions arise, ' What guides them in their works ?" " Who drew the plan ?" " Why do they so act ?" If you say law guides them, remember that law is only the method through which force works; and you are only saying the same thing over again. The law is the plan ; who formulated the law ? Before such questions as these Materialism is speechless. The Christian Science answers, " The soul is the plan, and God planued the soul." Again, how does the materialist ex plain the unity of consciousness ? I know that I am, but how do I know it ? Again, I lift my arm, and I trace the motion to the brain; how does the movement be come consciousness ? The continuity be tween molecular processes aud the phe nomena of consciousness is the rock on which Materialism must inevitably split whenever it pretends to be a complete philosophy of the human mind. The occurrence of apparitions, the state of the soul in dying, the premonitions which do occur to some temperaments, the phenomena of clairvoyanoe, are all matters which cannot be explained on a materialistic basis. We see the develop ment of Materialism in Agnosticism, which dwells as a thick mist above a pool whose waters are putrescent. Under its influence the moral nature of man is frozen. It preachos that the day of the gospel of ignorance has arrived, and its apostle is Mr. Herbert Spencer. As I see it building its palaces of darkness, and remember the weakness of its buttresses, and its complete failure as a philosophy, I am reminded of a dream with which I will conclude my words to you to-night. I dreamed that my spirit left behind it its temple of clay, and swept out into the dim night of the infinite. I. wandered by the mighty worlds which pursue their undeviating pathway in tho heavens, tarrying not iu their course, posting on wards through the mighty domains of space. Some were in the days of their infancy, and as globes of fire they blessed with light the humble vassals which fol lowed in their train; some were wrapt iu clouds; darkness sat upon their faoes ; molten rain thundered on their hissing, heaving crust; chaos brooded over them with all embracing wings; they had not yet been touched by the hand of life. Othersyet again had conquered the storms of their childhood, and basked in the rays of the mighty central orbs which con trolled their movements; upon them mighty dragons crawled, or swam, or clove the heavy air with labouring wings, while strange vegetation grew in reedy swamps, and red volcanoes vomited their lava. I saw, also, worlds in the dim night from which there oame no sound; voiceless, empty, the vast concourse of their inhabitants slumbered in graves obliterated by the process of theit own decay ; they rolled onwards. shivering with bitter cold, or blistered with intem perate Leat; they -were dying, if not dead. Still on I went, soon to behold a smaller orb, whose frame bore the evidence of age; like a bright vision it came toward me, till, ia wheeling flight, I saw that its valleys were decked with-flowers, and down its hillsides the streamlets laughed with glee. Hoary mountains lifted snow cupt summits to the blue heavens, while fleecy clouds crept by like gossamer veils to clasp the mountain slopes in soft em* brace. Sometimes the clouds were riven by the quick lightning flash, and dull distant thunder moaned among the ruddy hills. Gu its far-reaching continents I beheld mighty cities teeming with inhabi tants; over them hung like-a pall the heavy fumes of thousands of factories, the hot breath of the great monster Lof in dustrial progress. I saw temples hoary with age, scholastic institutions mighty with centuries of influence; and also saw many sad dwellings from which the exceeding bitter cry of its poor fell upon my ears. I thought I heard the faint moan of the sick, and the last sigh of the dying. I beheld the home of my child hood, and the church in which my tiny feet bad often tarried. I gazed down with mingled feelings, and beheld an open grave which was then receiving, amid the tears of a multitude, some sacred and honored dead. ' My human heart bled for those who were bereaved, when a sudden shock froze the vital current of my being as the name revealed a father's tomb. 1 exclaimed " Oh, dim solitudes and track less wastes of space which I have passed! Shall I never meet again that life, the author of my own ?" But no answer. came. " Oh ye heavens, where the suns blaze forever, and the mighty operations of Nature reveal themselves in fiery splendour, all guided by apparent intelli gence, and working with the fixed accu racy of universal law! Is there nought behind you but blind force ? Is there no infinite soul of pity, no vast intelligence which reunites the hearts which death has torn asunder ?" But the heavens made no reply. Then it seemed as if the earth drew nearer, and the church, the grave, and the weeping multitude faded away, until I stood beholding a rude hut of earth surrounded by decaying human bones, and, lo! it seemed as if an ancient ghost stopped forward clad in the flesh of that science which had measured the stars in their courses and traced the lives of the worlds which I had seen ; and as its dark robes fell back I heard the rustle of a sbraud, and saw the bare face of a skull, gaunt and horrible. It turned upon me and shrieked through its clenched teeth: " God is not! There is no hereafter!! Death is an eternal sleep !!!" And while the infinite realms of space shivered with horror, the wild wind swept iip and fowled a dirge over the bones of disciples that bleached at the master spectre's feet. But soon I heard the sound of music strangely, thrillingly sweet and beauti ful ; and, as it drew nearer, the spectre shrank back abashed and faded away. And I heard a voice saying:—"The glorious company of the Apostles praise theeand I beheld One sitting on a white horse and on liis head were many crowns ; while from a multitude that no man could number harmony swelled on in eternal reverberation till the Heavens rejoiced and Hell trembled. And the voice said :—There shall be no more death." And I beheld the glittering pin nacles and shilling domes of tbe glorious temple of Christian immortality with its walls of pence and its gates of praise; and while ;he mighty hosts gathered into it I saw that tbe majesty of God's universe was its antechamber, and itx altnr was the throne of the liiing God. In this mag nificent spectacle I looked for the mud hut; but in the renewed earth there was no place found for it; while far on the distant horizon I beheld the dissolving mists of Materialism, like dim wraiths of evil omen. being banished forever from God's universe. {Conclusion.) 