THE SUCCESS OF " CALLED BACK." [From the London Spectator of Nov. 8.] We suppose it is true, though we cannot vouch for the statement, that a quarter of a million copies of "Called Bade," by "Hugh Conway," have been absorbed by the public, and if so, the fact is well worth a little con sideration. No novel of our time, except " Uncle Tom's Cabin," has ever surpassed that circulation, and very few have even approached it. We believe that the sale of a few popular novels in shilling and two-shilling editions reaches, after a certain lapse of time, surpris ingly high figures, and have often wished that the late First liord of the Admiralty would publish the results of his extraordinaryandmosfc practical experience on that subject; but we sag* pect the number of stories which have found a hundred thousand original purchasers would be seen to be very limited. One or two of Miss Braddon's may have reached that figure, and possibly one of Charles Reade's; but this is tile result of years of steady sale, not of a sudden imperative demand like that which must have so astonished and delighted the Bristol publisher, who stumbled almost acci dentally, rumor has it, upon his grand "find." At all events, the trade regard the success of "Called Back"as<juite exceptional, and are trying to rival it with stories of the same kind —which we warn them beforehand will all fail if they use the unreadable,' irritating, and dangerous print to which some of them seem inclined—and we should much like to know the reason for that success. ' 'Called Back" is a very good sensational story, full of moving adventures and surprisinjP incidents and unexpected tarns of fortune, all told in a style that, without being strained, carries the readerj£quickly along to the- end* " Hugh Conway," in fact, has not had enough praise for the sustained go and animation of his narrative, which is almost as marked in his new tale, "In Dark Daye"—though that, we venture to predict, will not have the same success. To talk of "Called Back," however, as anything but a clever and trtviting story, would be absurd. It is not half of a quarter as good as 'Never too Late to Mend." There are no characters in it which could have attracted the multitude, unless it be that of the heroine; and we do not believe that a fketcb of unuEual mmta! disease inte rests them sufficiently to overcome the slight distaste always rreafr-fl by any picture of semi-idiotcy. They did not care about Pauline at all upon the stage; nor do we know that, always excepting the first, the iwnilMita of "Called Back" im pressed them in any mmsual way. AlleastjWe notice that all to whom we have spoken on the subject, while giving a generally favorable, or even, in some cases, enthusiastic verdict, always qnote the first "Mtip as their justinca* tion. £roen ths writing, though good, is safe much above average, and decidedly inferior to tiiat of the clever and original tale by the same author, but of a totally different kind, now appearing in the EaglUh JUuttratA Magazine. We do not see that we can fairly put "Oi?ed Back"imen a high level, or account for its marvellous .success merely by its internal merit. It is good,.and no xnorej and mere goodness does not explain an in stantaneous appreciation which lias made a neariynnknownmMoneofthemostsought-far, and, we sincerely hope forthesakeof the crafty one of the best rewarded, novelists of our day. Hebas opened a new market for all writers of Siv^uuXi, auu ongnt to esuoy some of vie profits which accrete to tile bold explorer of new commercial fields. Nor, as we have inti mated, do we believe, as we see many critics do, that the rJi?inr? lies in the "psychological" character of the story. Psychology of that kind interests ghrtted minds, and minds with a strong predisposiSion to investigation, not mi satiated minds each as most of those must have had who bought this book. Ghost stories sell, we believe, anil the supernatural always attracts more or less, bat not the rarer pheno menon of suspended brain-power. Is thefce, fperhaps, a new class of novel buyers rising up ready to purchase as well as read a story, if only it is new, interesting, and fairly within their means? That is possible ; for though the statists record the rapid increase of our population, and economistsdilate an. tha improvement in its circumstances, we scarcely note how immensely numerous the lowest middle-class is becoming, or how greatly its wantsand even Hb fancies are affecting ths current?of all inland trade. There are tens of thousands of inin£?fc—?t: people now where there were thousands before, who are not handicraftsmen and not shopkeepers, and who display in a shy, doubtful way, limited by a singular reluctance to spend, most of the tastes of the middle-class thirty years ago. Sappy the purveyor or the draper who sinks a shaft successfully into that widening stratum of society, and sells them something which they all want and choose to afford to pay for. ?Gs fortune is made till competitors take the bread out of his mouth, and a pub lisher who hits them maybe happy too. We believe this new class has much to do with the pecuniary success of "Called Back," and if it has, the special success is very nearly accounted for. We have always maintained that the popular notion of a decay in the taste for romance is unfounded, oat the cultivated grown-ups hunger for fairy-tales—so that they are clever enough to be fairy-tales to them—just as much as children do $ that men, not children, pay for Jules Verne's stories, with their magic machinery of pseudo-science, and that twenty adults have read Mayne Reid's better books for one boy who ever took them in hand. It was not the AiHnm, but the men and women of England who recognised in Lewis Carroll a matchles? humorist of a kind, and made of the author of "Vice- Versa" a popular novelist. Men of fifty .are enchanted with romance, that is, narrative; released by some device from the impoverish ing limits of the possible, yet not so released as to be, like an unconditioned day-dream, ridiculous and unsatisfying, and are only too glad of any excuse, like the necessity for sup plying children, to hide from themselves the "frivolousness" of their tastes. They can confess their reading then and discuss it, though they always choose to say, while recalling every incident, that they "only glanced at," say, "Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea," just to see what it was Eke. Among such men, however, those at the very base of the middle-class feel tiia desire most strongly. Their lives are of necessity monotonous, their minds are necessarily tired, they are devoured by the pecuniary anxiety which cramps all effort, and makes life dull and grey-colored; and they have little interest in the analysis of char acter. They hunger, when they read, to be carried Out of themselves ; to see events move quicker than they move in the streets around than; to be excited and horrified, and—as they themselves say, and nobody else docs ? "Thrilled." They seldom see new novels, foe they cannot buy them; they rarely—almost never—subscribe to a library; and their acci dental command of books is of the most limited kind. A new novel, said to be ad mirable, and within their means, is a new and pleasant excitement; the word passes on from one to another —as it did about " Uncle Tonve Cabin," of which 100,000 copies were sold before the reviewers heard of it; —and the result is a demand which amazes at once publisher and author. "Called Back" is a story which fulfils all necessary conditions* It is not hampered by too much attention to probabilities; it has the rush and vividness which attract little-read minds; and it takes the readers we have spoken of altogether out of the workaday world. They gain positive pleasure from it, which is what they are always seeking, and have so often only to pretend they have found. They buy, therefore; and when they buy there is. from their numbers, scarcely any limit to sale. We could conceive of a book, which attracted the lowest middle class, selling half a minion in three months, and never feel surprised when we are told of the astounding figures to which the circu lation of some half- religions, half-enter taining newspapers is said to reach. If the right man could fill one of them with the right stuff, he might dispose of half a million a week; or, as happened to some of Wilson's "Tales of the Borders," send it to every house in an entire nation. Whether the taste, now the publishers are aware of it, will be easily satiated wedo not know. Men of experience in the trade say the middle class is wearying of fiction; and most certainly many fiction readers are. They will not touch a novel till they are informed by many witnesses that "they ought to read it," and then wait for it with a patience and lay it down in the middle with a a serenity which it is fortunate the novelists are not there to see. The same causes may affect the classes next below them, and affect them more quickly, foe they have little leisure, and are wonderfully and praiseworihily thrifty of their money. We are, however, satisfied that they wfll de mand stories which, for one reason or another, are worth reading. Why? For just the same reason that they "buy nutritive food, or good cottons, or strong boots, because necessity develops in them a kind of instinct. They cannot turn over a hundred volumes tin they see the sentences which attract; they do not read reviewers' opinions, and they have no money whatever to throw away. They judge) for themselves; and we hardly know an " instance in literary history in which the judgment of a multitude Hpaa a book, bought in order to be read, was erroneous. It might be a bad book in purpose or tendency, though such cases are not numerous in England ; but it was rarely or never a poor one. The shilling stories that; succeed must be readable, and more or less <ny for must be matter we satisfaction. That the unreading classes shonld be tempted to read anything, with literary merit, and no-moral demerit, is, of all helps to the man who wishes to uptoad education, tha mesteffective. Wedo not pare especially foe " Called -Back" ourselves, -partly became wa like booto with less morbidness in them and fnore cheeriness; but we should be delighted to hear that a dozen such novels had sold to the extent of a million copies apiece. 