Y.M.C.A. EVANGELISTIC SERVICES. WEDNESDAY EVENING. There was a large attendance, Mr. Turnbull having conducted a procession through the streets of the city, and brought them to the hall about a quarter- past eight. The secretary, Mr. WRlker, presided, and offered the opening prayer. The first speaker was the Rev. J. G. Wright, who said he would address himself to those who were not yet decidcd. They would find this text in the Prophets —" It is time to seek the Lord." Sin and ruin were the results of our separation from God, Rnd he would give the reasons why they should seek the Lord :—1. They were out of harmony with the Jaws of the universe. Sin was a violation of law—of the law of nature, of the law of God—and placed a man out of harmony with himself, with God, with the pure and glorified in heaven, and with saints on earth. No man could be happy as long as he continued out of harmony with moral law—he was out of his element. Take the fish out of the water, the bird from the air, the mole from the ground, and they struggled for a while and perished. Nothing less than God in them could make them happy. 2\. They would never find the Lord without seeking Him. Seek and ye shall find; that was the condition. There was no forgiveness without repentance. If they had offended any one, and saw and felt that the offence had been committed, and confessed it, and promised never to repeat it, that would be repentance. It sometimes took place without depths of emotion or flood of tears. Gold was found by seeking; so other earthly blessings ; so the forgiveness of God. 3\. Because the Lord was seeking them. The Lord did not wait for them to seek Him first; He came after them. Here an incident related by Moody was given, respecting a minister whose son had gambled away his father's property, and was afraid to return home. The father started in search of him, preaching in every accessible pulpit, stating his case at the close of the sermon, until in the gallery of a church he recognised in a forlorn young man the son he had been seeking so long. "Oh, my son!" "Oh, my father!'' These words were enough. 4\. Because they were sure of finding Him. Gold, honour, and glory, were often sought amidst difficulty and disaster, and not found. Saints did not work half so hard to get to heaven, as sinner? did to get to hell. But if they bowed the knee and lifted up the heart in seeking God, they would find Him. " Ye shall seek Me and find Me, when ye shall seek for Me with your whole heart." 5\. Because their opportunity would soon be gone. There was a time when they could find Christ, and a time when they could not. " My spirit shall not always strive with man." God would not save them against their will. " Seek ye the Lord while He may be found ; call ye upon Him while He is near." 6\. Because of the strenuous efforts that arebeing uiadeto savethem. There was perhaps no city in the world which for its size had 60 many means of salvation as Adelaide. The message of mercy was published in their streets and at their doors. That very hall and its surroundings attested the anxiety which was felt in their salvation. He called upon them, therefore, to seek the Lord ; to lead a higher, nobler, better life, and he assured them of ten thousand welcomes if the would come to Christ. Mr. H. M. Hale theu delivered an earnest exhortation, in which he alluded to the young man who went away from Christ, sorrowful because hehad been told to sell hispossessions. Covetousness was his great sin. Mr. D. McCrackett followed. The law said, do and live : grace said, live and do. If they wished to be saved they had to let go their selfrighteousness and lay bold of ChriBt. The Rev. A." Turnbull delivered an address in which he related tVto remarkable cases of conversion. One had taten'pfidT" among the Crusaders, and the man»ras now a member of a church in Adelaide and a zealous worker for the master. The addresses lasted until a quarter to ten o'clock, and were followed by a prayer meeting. The choir was at the post of duty and entered heartily into the service. THURSDAY EVENING. Mr. H. W. Beaney presided, and prayer was offered by Mr. 11. H. White. The Rev. A. Stubbs said he would base his remarks on the tenth chapter of ihe first epistle of John : " He that believeth in the Son of God hath the witness in Himself." He remembered the time when he had not that witness ; when he felt, as no doubt some of them feit now, anxious abeve all things to know, to feel, that he was saved—safe. If they wished to know that, he was there to assure them, on the authority of God's word, that they might. It was with religion as it was with some of the old Cathedrals in England : outside they were weather-beaten and the windows looked like daubs of paint; but inside, when some grand service was being conducted, as they sharedin the fervour of the worshippers, heard the music, saw the golden light streaming in revealing figures on the glass of unsuspected beauty ; they awoke to the fact that the glory was within. So Christianity was within a man ; enshined within the Christian's heart was a kingdom which is righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. "He had the witness in himself." What this witness is and how to get it, were the two things on which he wished to speak. Two remarks, however, must be made. J. The capacity to acquire Divine knowledge which they possessed, carried with it the responsibility of its exercise, and ignorance therefore had no excuse. Going home that night in a trap, with their lamps in darkness, would the policeman who stopped them, accept their plea of ignorance a§ to the law as an excuse for breaking it? No ; they would be fined notwithstanding. Wherefore? Because it was their duty to acquaint themselves with the laws uuder which we live. 2. No definition of this witness, however clear and complete, would convey to their minds an adequate idea of what it was; they must find and feel it for themselves. Could they give an adequate idea of light or colour to the blind ? Once let the Saviour annoint his eyes; let him go and wash in> the pool; and then one glimpse at the blessed Saviour's face, at the dark orange grove, the blue sky, the springing flowers, would enable him to say, «' One thing I know; that whereas I was blind, now I see." What was this witness ? Once in Victoria he knew a doctor in whose salvation he. felt a special intetest. The doctor was a sceptic, and one day as they sat together in the surgery he introduced this matter of the experimental evidence of Christianity. " Supposing, doctor, that a man came to you afflicted with a certain disease, and that you prescribed for him, and on taking the medicine he became well; would not that proTe the suitability of your prescription?" He said, "It might, and it might not." " Very well; take that ground." "Supposing, however, that instead of one, ten came, nay, ten thousand—all afflicted with same complaint— all taking the same prescription—all made whole— would not that prove the adequacy of your prescription?" He said he thought it would. "So do I, doctor," was the reply. Now, the Bible contained God's prescription for the disease which was called sin ; that prescription was repentance towards God and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; and if you will try it, doctor," said the preacher, " I'll give my neck or my life if it fails to produce the desired and promised result. Not ten thousand, but ten thousand times ten thousand had tried this prescription during the nineteen hundred years since the Saviour came into the world ; and one of the most remarkable things in history was this, that not a single instance had been left on record in which a sinner came to Christ in the appointed way and appealed for mercy in vain. What they wanted wai the witness of experience, and that was promised in the text to "him that believeth in the Son of God." Messrs. A. Metters and R. H. White delivered salt able exhorta;ions, and the Rev. W. Diment spoke on Indifference as one of the greatest obstacles to the success of the Gospel. There were many, as the Bible put it, that were neither cold nor hot. Although It was a course that could not be recommended, yet the man who ran riot in his wickedness was in a sense more honest than these trimmers between the world and the church—the service of Christ and the service of Satan. Such a course was us worthy of any one. It was unmanly. If they believed that religion was the right thing, why did they not not follow it out ? If It was not the right thing, why did they not give it up? It was dishonest. Either they believed in Christianity or they did not; if they did, why did they conceal their conversion ? if they did not, their profession waB hypocritical. He besought them to be in earnest and to choose whom they would serve. The address closed about half-past nine and was followed by a prayer meeting, in which several anxious persons were present. The choir rendered valuable assistance throughout the service. FBIDAY EVENING. THE audience was only moderate, bat there was a good proportion of young men present. Mr. Walker, the general secretary, presided. After the hymn, "The half was never told," Mr. F. Basey read a part of the 12th of Luke, Mr. R. K. Finlayson then offered prayer. After another hymn Mr. Finlayson spoke on Peter's report of the service held in the house of Cornelius, the centurian, as related in Acts 13th. The Apostle reported that Gad had granted to the Gentiles repentance unto life. Life was a frequent theme in the New Testament. Thin was illustrated by numerous quotations. Lite resulted from believing the words, the divine words, contained'in the Bible. We could not always trace the connection between the food we eat and our life, yet there is a connection, so between the words of truth and eternal life there is a close connection, God has sent a word of salvation, the word the word must be received by faith, and salvation would follow. If Cornelius had been askrd the worth of the words spoken by Peter he would have said they were worth more than silver and gold, worth more than all he possessed beside. They had brought Balvation to his house. Had made him the possessor of eternal life. As the seal of the life which they had received there came the gift of the Holy Ghost. He came that night declaring words to them ; the message that life and salvation were to be obtained through Jesu9 Christ. This life was a high, noble, precious, everlasting-life. The word was nigh to all that might, if received it would give life. Would they not embrace the truth without further delay ? At the conclusion of Mr. Finlayson's address a lady Bang a solo, the refrain of which was " Come home." The Rev. J. y. Simpson said some of those who were present might be wanderers from God, from truth, from Church. In God's name he asked them to come home again, God would welcome them. No matter how far they might have wandered, if they would return there was a welcome for them. There were few young men who were not moved by the recollection of a mother's love. The declaration of God's love in Christ ought to stir their emotions and lead them to return to Him. The object of these meetings was to bring men to the poiit of decision. Would they not decide for God that night. The only way was through Jesus, there waB no other way. He would beseech them to yield themselves to God without delay. Those who had gone astray must first, like the prodigal, come to themselves. Instances were related in which God in His Providence brought men and women to themselves. The next step was to come to God. God would welcome them. Would they not come home that night? A Father's love awaited then. Had they not had enough of sin ? Was it not their experience that they were on the wrong road ? They would have to tarn 6ome day. Why not that night ? Who would decide? Who would say, "Thy face, Lord, will I seek " ? He urged the undecided not to be deterred by difficulties, or by the failures of others. Let them look at the great multitude who had succeeded. If they would take sides with God, they would find that new influences would surround them; receiving Christ, they would receive power to become the sons of God. They would also have the companionship, the sympathy and prayers of good men ; the ministry of angels, and best of all the presence of Jesus. Delay was dangerous ; life was uncertain. The right time to decide was now. After the conclusion of Mr. Simpson's address, which last over halfan-honr, he asked the audience to spend a few moments in silent prayer, at the close of which he offered prayer himself. Another hymn was then sung, followed by an after-meeting, to which a large number remained. Though Saturday evening was rough and inclement the services were continued, and a fair number were present. The Revs. W. R. Hiddlestone and S. Lenton, and Messrs. A. Walker and F. A. Saunders took part. There were several enquirers who remained till a late hour, seeking instruction and counsel. SUNDAY EVENING. The evening was dark and cold, and few persons were stirring. A number of the young men were singing in the street, surrounded by a little knot of people who listened with evident enjoyment. At 8 o'clock there were less than 100 persons in the building, but before a quarter-past nearly all the chairs in the body of the hall were occupied. At six minutes past eieht the General Secretary (Mr. A. Walker) took the chair, and gave out the hymn, " Call them in, the poor, the wretched," which was very well sung. Mr. F. Basey then read Luke xix.—" The Meeting of Jesus with Zacchens, and the Parable of the Talents." The Rev. W. R. Fletcher offered prayer—"O God, our Father, we come to Thee to seek Thy blessing, We cannot be satisfied without Thee. Our hearts can never be happy without our Father's love. May all here find their way to Thee to-night. Tho only thing which hinders us is our sin, for Thy great heart glows with infinite love to us. Help us to come now, to confess our sin, to believe Thy mercy and the pardoning grace of Jesus. May those who preach Thy Gospel to-night do BO in simplicity and earnestness. Ana if there be here to-night any wandering child of Thine, who hitherto has spurned Thy Divine Grace, may he spurn it no longer but even now find peace with Thee through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." Mr. Walker then said that the meetings would be continued during the coming week on several evenings in the Laboar League Hall. There would be a departure that night from their usual course, in the shape of a collection to defray expenses. While this was being taken up the choir sang Miss Havergal's beautiful hymD, " Consecration.' Mr. F. Basey then addressed those who, during the week, had come to a decision for Christ. They had forsaken their old ways and old companions; they had given up the service of their old master Christians were now their companions, and Jesus, their* Lord, master, and friend. There would be difficulties in their Christian life. If they would overcome these they must be firm and faithful; Christ was on their side, God was for them ; all the grace and resources purchased by Christ's death were at their disposal. What were they going to do for the Saviour who had redeemed them? Would they not tell others of Jesus ? and bear faithful witness for Him every day, in business, at home, everywhere, always. The best thing to keep the spiritual life right was to work for God and others. Were there any yet unsaved? To such Christ said, what think ye of me ? What did they think of Christ ? He only could wash away sin, calm the troubled breast, give joy and peace. Christ could save them, He was able, He was willing. It they would admit Him into their heart, He would make it His temple and throne, and give life and rest for evermore. A lady then sang a solo, which was rendered with great sweetness and expression, and must have moved the hearts of many who heard it. The refrain was " Over the line to Jesus." The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., said it was not easy to explain what was really meant by the Christian life. It was impossible to convey to a blind roan an idea of a rainbow. The case of the sinner, however, was not that of a blind man, but of a man with his eyes shut. If he would but open his eyes he would see. He had stood in a beautiful crystal cavern, but could not see its beauties till a light was struck. So it was with the gospel, the light of faith must be struck, and then we would see Jesus in a new light. In the streets of London he had seen a casual ward surrounded by a crowd of poor, the sick, the lame, waiting to be admitted. Outside it was bleak, cold, desolate ; inside there was comfort, warmth. Getting in at the door made all the difference. So Christ was the door; inside was comfort and light; outside wa9 desolation. Crossing the line made all the difference. In the casual ward he had spoken of there was room only for a limited number, many had to be turned away, the most needy cases only were admitted. In Christ it was different. In the boundless love of God there was room foT all. God would cast out none who came in penitence. He had known fathers who refused to receive back erring children. It was not so with the great God. He invited to Him the poor, the wretched, the sinful, and the lost. His door would be slammed in the fac<? of none. If any would come to him now He would receive them. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson then spoke. The last words of dear friends were never forgotten while memory lasted. We should never forget the last message of God's mercy to needy souls. " Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." How precious often was water; without it men would die. So without God's grace the soul would perish. Water was used to quench fierce conflagrations; so nothing but God's grace could put out the fires of sin. Like water, God's grace refreshed the soul and cleansed it. God's grace was offered to the thirsty and to any one who hRd the least desire for it. The conditions simply were that men would come and take. Men who were thirsty were ready to take water when it was offered. Let them come and take the water of life that night. The spirit of God said come ! the Church said come; those who had heard said come, they could bear wituess to the truth of the promise. Let them come in faith, come today, come as they were. God would save them. Mr. Simpson then asked for silent prayer, after which he prayed audibly. He then announced a hymn, but as it was now nearly half-past 9, most of the audience left, aud the after meeting was only moderately attended. 