Burra Jottings. (By Mosquito.) Changes.—We have seen several changes during this last week, first the "Boy Fred" has returned to his papa again. It takes him all his time to lift a bag of flour now. He himself says he is not married yet, but the dressmaker is mum on the question. The second change is that the green feed has all withered up on the "Lawn," in fact the old shop opposite the Pig is now occupied. The next thing "Little Tom" has had the knot tied, he being such a size the staff of ministers in Burra was, I expect, too weak to perform the ceremony which led to the " Boy Jan's" brother being invited, and on his arrival the deed was done. And now "Mos quito" hopes that the changes will be as success ful in the end as iu the beginning. Harmyism.—This company of so-called "blood washed" is making itself very amusing in its transactions here. The " collection" advocate, Mr. Clown, has left for Jamestown. Farewell last Friday evening. P. S.—Ho purse of sovs this time. The Port Augusta contingent has been called . 011 to resign for cutting wood on the "Lords Day." The male portion of this contingent has now gone in for Sunday marble playing. The tambourines are now shelved. Big George and his partner have turned vocalists for the Lord, as -I..., knc " S-imrmr •' Til A " Trnnlrp.r" is about to start a branch of the harmy at home. "Mos quito" thinks from the state of the Little Trackers the branch is more wanted then the head quarters, and therefore hopes to see the venture successful. Captain Foyle, from Adelaide, is to be boss here for a time. Larrikinism.—Our old friend Alfred Schultz was led away the other day on a fortnight's mission of woodcutting at the Redruth Goal. "Mosquito" hears that woodcutting business in connection with the Government at Redruth is in a flourishing condition. It's a pity they cannot manufacture uniforms for our R. V.S quad. The Schoolmaster.—This gentleman has lost his "pork" and according to our local paper he is perishing with the cold, and swears he will for the present conclude, whatever that means, but it would not take much of a school master to baffle a "Mosquito." R. Y. F.—This (Burra) company is increasing in number almost every meeting. The large hall of the Burra Institute has been secured for drill purposes at a very cheap rate, which will be a great boon to the members these cold even ings. The Captain, Mr. F. W. Holder, is taking a great interest in the movement and " Mos quito" hopes it will prove a grand success. Football.—The Burra F. C. sent the first 20 into the field against the second 20 on Saturday afternoon, and after a grand game the result was , 7 behinds to the first 20 the second team scoring 3 behinds. Auxiliary Preachers.—There are young men in this place so refined in their manners (save the mark) that they have got their names on the preacheis plan of one of our churches and w(h)at do you think, Mr. Editor, they go gallop ing the lives out of their horses on the Sabbath day and all because they own a family Buggy. The Ideas of our Local.—The Burra Record hints that the farmers may take fresh courage at the information which is to hand of a failure in the American wheat crop. "Mosquito" thinks this rough on the Yankees, but of course the way of the world in this the Nineteenth Century I is to forgot ourself for the good of others. Hunting.—Several of our young men are quite taken up with hunting, '' hares" being the J game at present. "Mosquito" hears the.I members of the Salvation Army have gone in for "stag" hunting. Too much beer about, you know, and even a "stag" gets dry at times. The Dance.—One of our leading ball hoppers and lawn teDis advocate is about to leave us. " Mosquito" thinks the Burra will soon fall into a bad state with only one lawyer; and, oh, my ! what will the ladies do? However I will leave your readers to judge for themaelves. The Boy Jan.—This apology for a hard | working man has again come to the force as chief adviser to the Overseer of Works' in con nection with our Corporation. Some people I says he earns all he gets, but "Mosquito" will! leave the settling of this to the ratepayers in general, Murphy included. Resignation,—I notice according to your last week's Enterprise you speak of the Rev. A. H. Bryant, Baptist minister, of your town being about to resign his position, " Mosquito" cannot j help but think over the "go in" our boy "Billy" had with that gentleman some time ago, and wonders if that fracas has anything to do with it. Wednesday Half-Holiday. —This important subject seems to be stuck in the gizzard of one or two of your Terowie storekeepers. When Captain Bleechmore came to Burra for the purpose of forming ourR. Y. F. "Mosquito" heard that he said he hoped they in Terowie would soon have the holiday, therefore " Mos- j quito" would advise those willing to go in for the holiday to persevere. Alterations.—Messrs Bath & Pearce are again altering their premises. They have lowered the floor of their store nearly two feet and rebuilt the wall, the whole makes quite a different appearance now. Business must be more brisk then "Mosquito" thought. Burra, May 13th. Silverfeon, May 11. The Broken Hill is looking even better than when I last wrote. It is described by all who have seen it as a "mountain of silver," and verily I think tbey are not far wrong. There it stands, a long broken range rising from the plain to a height of about 200 feet, and about three miles long, along the top forming a cap ping, as it were, is a wide belt of black ironstone, always looked upon as useless. The hill was originally taken by Messrs. Rasp & McCulloch, of Mt. Gipps station, who took up in all, I believe, about nine claims. Mr. McCulloch then divided it among some of the men working on the station. Nothing was thought of it for some time, and when one of those experts was here from Melbourne reporting on the formation of the field, etc., he was taken out to see the Broken Hill, and pronounced it useless. This rather damped the ardour of the shareholders, and they could have been bought out for a small sum. Upon still further prospecting a large lode was discovered which appeared to grow richer as they went down upon it. The shares in the meantime changed hands pretty often, and the mine was still heing developed, when, some time ago, Mr. Thos. Low, who has but lately bought in the mine, happened to be walk ing about on the crest of the range and casually knocked off a chip of the useless belt of black ironstone that caps the hill, when he was rather startled to see the stone was full of chlorides. He very honorably informed the other share holders of his discovery, and upon search being made it was found that the entire belt of iron stone was of immense value. The shares at once crept up to almost fabulous prices, and are at present scarcely obtainable at any price; each day seems to bring to light evidence of the extraordinary value of the mine, and. so great has been the excitement caused by it here, that all the hitherto rieh mines that were absorbing attention seem to be forgotten for the time, paling as it were before the splendour of the Broken Hill. It has been pronounced by many who ought to be good judges, as the greatest silver mine ever discovered. I hope their pre dictions will prove true, at all events up to the present it looks really magnificent. The country for miles around has been taken up. ! Another fresh discovery is reported from 1 Start Meadows, it is said that the lode can be ; traced cropping out of the surface for about five miles. A few buggy loads of people left here last week to have a look at it. I have not as yet heard their impressions, doubtless Ave shall know more about it before long. The principal OAvner of it is, I believe, Mr. Wood, of Purna moota. A meeting vvas held on Friday night at DeBaun's hotel, to consider the advisability of floating a company for the purpose of erecting a public smelter here. The idea Avas very Avarmly taken up, and the people here promise to support it. It seems to be the correct thing as there are a great many claims here that can be proved no other Avay. It is proposed, I be lieve, to start the company in 10,000 shares of i 10s. each, and, as I said, there is a great deal | of support promised here the thing is likely to go ahead. It is to be hoped that the public generally will support this, as, without doubt, be beneficial to this place, as Avell as affording a means of trying any ore that otherwise would be impossible to ascertain the value 'of. Typhoid is still, I am sorry to say, amongst us. Mr. A. DeBaun has'been laid up with the fell scourge, but Ave are pleased to learn that he I is on a fair way to speedy recovery. In my next, as it may interest your readers, I AA'ill give a slight description of DeBaun's neAv hotel and our brewery, as they Avill serve to sIioav hoAV we have progressed in this far away place. A match for £200 took place here on Satur day betAveen Mr.. J. T. Armstrong's Pablo and Mr. Bolster's Sir Tom, one and-a-quarter miles. Sir Tom Avas the favorite, but he never bad the ghost of a shoAV, as Pablo went to the front shortly after the start and Avas never headed, Avinning easily by two lengths. A haudicap Avas got up on the ground, in Avhich Rob Roy lOst 91b, Mirage lOst Sib, Little Boy 9st 41b, Algetha 9st 41b, started, and resulted in a win for Mirage. Algetha, ridden by Mr. J. W. Allen, led for about a mile, but weight telling its tale she Avas unable to steal off Mirage's run, and ran second, Little Boy being a good third. The entries for our annual meeting closed on Monday, the ISth, Avhen Ave hope to see a num ber of good horses nominated, as the prizes are most liberal. 