Dedication of a Nov Convent at Itiirrowa. Tbe Most Ilcv. D;', Moron, Archbishop of Sydney, accompanied by the Bishop o£ Goulburn, Bight llcv. Hi'. Lanigan, Dr. O'Hnron, anil Mr. T, M. fc'lnttery, M.L.A,, arrived at Galong on Saturday, and were the guests of the Hon. J, N. llyan, M.L.O. The party drove into Burrotva from Galoug 011 Sunday morning, and were met outside the town by a long concourse of horsemen and vehicles. The ceremony of the dedication of the now convent was peiformed by the Bishop of Goulbtun, The build ing is lo stories high, and is constructed of brick on a concrete foundation. The front of the building is ornamented with 11 verandah and balcony, the latter being supported by neat cast-iron columns and protccfcd by handsome railings of the same material. The ground floor contains four large' rooms, a chapel, and a hall six feet wide. The balcony is approachcd through a hall of the same sine as below, and commands a fine view of the town and its surroundings. The outbuildings con tain all the latest improvements. The convent ground, which is 40 acres in extent, is the gift of the Hon. J. N. Bvan. The buildings were erected from plaus supplied by Messrs. Gordon and.Gordon, Albury, and the contract was faithfully carricd out by Messrs, Hell nnd Briggs, the cost amounting to close on £2000. It is intended to erect a large schoolroom near the convent shortly. At the con elusion of the dedication ceremony mass was celebrated. _ The Most Rev. Dr. Moran then delivered a short discourse, basing bis remarks upon the words— "Glorious things are said of the City of God Psalm 80, He said they every day repeated in the Apostles' Creed the solemn profession of their faith —" I believe in the Holy Catholid. Church." The Church of God was in truth endowed with sanctity as a heavenly gift from her Divine Founder. Her children from age to age should show forth the fruits of holiness in their lives, and as they were associated with the chorus of the angels around the altar of God, so might they look forward with firm hope to be one day partakers with them in the eternal joys of the blessed. The Apostle spoke o£ the Church as the chosen spouse of Christ, nnd should they not say that sanctity was the golden robesof her espousals. He thought-, then, that— "Christ loved the Church, and delivered Himself up for it, that Ho might sanctify it, cleansing it by the lavcr of water in the word of life, that ho might present it to Himself aglorious Church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such tbiug, but that it should be holy and without blemish." The Church thus sanctified would continue till the end of time to be the depository of the sacrod doctrines revealed by their blessed Lord, the treasury of the ; richos of God's mcrcy and love, the overflowing fountain of the blessings of liearea. He who was the Only-begetten of the Father, full of all grace and truth, had set the seal of Divine truth upon her lips and had promised to be with her all days, to aid her in every combat nnd to guard her against every assault. Through his Divine gift the Holy Ghost nbides in the Church, and her children of every tongue and every clime, from the rising to the setting sun, enjoyed the same blessed light which He brought from heaven upon earth, believed the same truths, were enriched with the samo sacramental graces, governed by the samo authority, guided and comfortcd by the same power, and quickened by the same supernatural life which He purchased for them as the fruits of redemption. It was little indeed to fitly that the Sacraments of the Church were holy, but how perfectly they corresponded to (ill the wan ts of their poor fallcu nature ! Baptism regenerated them into spiritual life, cleansed the soul from ori ginal sin, adorned it with the very comeliness of the angels. As they advanced in years tliu sacrament of confirmation imparted to them strength tA subdue their passions and to battlo against the temptatio ns of lifo. The sacrament oi' the altar made the poorest of thoir churches a very heaven upon earth, whilst totlic faithful soul it was thelifu.givingjfood, the true manna, the living bread which came down from heaven. The prophet announced to the Jewish people that, by the presence of the Iledccmcr, the glory of tbe second temple would infinitely exceed all the glittering splendour of the first. Even so the true presence o£ thoir Saviour under the sacra mental veils communicated to the poorest of their churches an immeasurably higher degree of dignity, and majesty and holiness than the proudest works!" of man could claim that possessed not tliis heavenly treasure. The pillar of light which guarded the Israelites to tbe. land of promise was a cloud-of darkness to their euemies ;• so, too, this sacrament of the Redeemer's love gave light and life to the children of the Church, but it was a stumbling block,a rock of scatdnl to those rejecting her teach ing. The sacrifice offered on their altars was holy, yea, the very source and centre of all holiness, it was the sacrificc of Calvary which by God's wondrous power \yas perpetuated amongst them. The super- j natural fruitf illness of sanctity had at ail limes been ! a distinctive feature of the Oathqiic Church. The 1 tree was known by its fruits, and the fruits of piety nnd virtue which had never ceased to adorn the Church revealed to them the abiding presence of the Divine Spirit of sanctity. The spirit of Gotl was a spirit of truth, and with what rich aboundance, had thq fiuits of wisdom combined with holiness been multiplied in the Church 1 The Apologists, and Fathers, and Doctors succeeded each other in an unbroken line from St. Clement, and St. Justin, nnd St. Augustine, and St. Gregory tho groat, to St. Thomas of Aquin,'' and St. Francis Do Sales, and St Alphonsus. And it was precisely when heresies sought to corrupt tho faith that these great men were raised up by God as bulwarks of divine truth. The spirit of God was a spirit of virtue; and they saw that every heroic virtue from age to ago hail blossomod in the Church, nnd put forth tho brightest flowers o£ per fection. liven those who did not belong to the Church had not failed to admire the genuine greatness thus displayed in the lives oC the saints. The learned 1'rotcstant writer Leibnitz did not hesitate to say that tho Catholic Church hart every reason to point with pride to the heroic virtues of her saints in proof of her high birth as the Church of Christ. Nor was this heroism of sanctity a mere matter of tho post. In ouf own times, in every quarter of the globe, and in every walk of lifp. thq Church continued to raise up saints worthy of the primitive days of Christianit}'. It was true all \vevo not saints, many were found within the Church who were Catholics only in name, whoso lives discredited the holy faith which they pro fessed, Tho children q£ the Churcl) \ycye not deprived of tlicir free will, for thus their .merit was enhanced and thoir reward was multi plied. At caeh stage of God's dealings with man it would seam,as if sin had baffled his merciful de signs, It was thus in the Garden of ISdcn. It was thus too when one of tho chosen twelve bitrayed his Divine Master. But again God's ways wore not as man's ways,'nnd nil the wickedness that endea vours to counteract His decrees must in the end be subservient to His glory. Through the betrayal of Judas, tho Saviour was crucified, but the cross be came His throne, thb throuo of His power and wis dom, Of.' H|s i))ci'(!y, fjud Hip loyc, TJ40 Ohijrch ex tended a epceial care, ai)d slipwed a special lovo to the poor. The Saviour announced to the Apostles that the-poor would be always with them. Ho even declared that it was a distinctive feature of His own divinemission from the Father to instruct and to console,Ike poor—Emngclkarejiiiujioribim' mhitviu. And the poor,were still found by the1 sido of Chvjs|- in tfio Catholic Church, uud she lavished on them hor fondest oaro as tho, most' chosen portion of her inheritance. Thus, in won derful variety,she perpetuated tho mission o£ her Founder, Tho spirit of God was a spirit o£ zeal, of fortitudo. Christ proclaimed that tho miracles which Ho Himself had wrought, the same and yet more wondcrfurmiraclcs, would be pirformcd: byf thosd who believed in Him. 2fo Protestant Church' had even advanced a claim to such miraculous power. It was ouly to bo met with in tho Catholio Church. So true it was that the spirit of snnctity, (jspj-oved. by miracles, ever lived in tho Church, ivnd thiyt the !}bidjj)g presence of tho Holy Ghost was shown forth iiv tho varied fo'rnis of holiness which hail never ceased to ndorn her. 'But whilst tliov reflected that the Catholic Church was the fruitful mother of saints, might they not for a moment turn their thoughts to the fruitfulness in sanctity of which that Island of the West so dear to many of you had given abundant proof ? For centuries tho. Church ;o£: Ireland was houonrcd throughout Christendom as the 'secure refuge of learning,' the sanctuary of piety; the beacon lightof civilisation nnd religion. Yes, tho spirit of holiness was' shown forth m its richest fruits nmong the chiWrcn ofJirin. Her countlcss sons within her , pJoisj;eys emulated; the austerities of ,the Enstorn deserts; and "spent their • livos in tho most fervent practices , of prayer and ponance, Hor schools and - monasteries'' were famed alike for Jlenrn iuj,' "uud piety, ,uud''tho name o£ Ireland wa everywhere revered as the land of sages and o£ btrials. 'J'hc privileged sanctity of the apostles nnd missionaries of Christ was given her. Jinny of the great churches of the Conti nent continued during the present day. I honour Irish saints among their chief patrons, nnd it would be difficult to find a diocese, not alone in Scotland and England, but in Franco, Germany, and Belgium, which had not been sanctified by the preaching and the virtues of Ireland's devoted sons. And with what spiritual fmitfulness was the sanc tity of the virgins of Christ bestowed on her. From the days of St. Patrick to their own time innumer able bands of Ireland's devoted daughters had chosen as (heir portion the arduous paths of perfection, and had walked in the steps of the saints. How abundantly had the mercies of heaven been ex tended to the Irish race. He* won Id not speak of the fruits of Irish piety in their own days nt home, and in England, Scotland, the United States, nnd elsewhere. But had not the angel of Irelaud's sanc tity already begun to spread his wings over the Empire Colony of the South 1 It was only 50 years since the first bishop landed on the shores of this fair laud. .He found only five priests in the whole of the Australian continent, but they bnd laboured with Mai and devotcdness, cultivating the plant of divine faith, which bad already been sown amid the tears and sorrows of the first colonists. Already this little plant had grown into a majestic tree, and though storms had never ceased to rage around it, it had spread its branches throughout the length and breadth of the land, yielding every fruit of blessedness to the children of Christ. To-day 18 bishops and more than 5U0 priests ministered to the wants of the faithful, and they saw churches, con vents, schools, religious institutions, and colleges spreading around them on every side. And when he looked to their own fair town, with its church of St, Patrick and its conveut, where the Sisters'of Mercy, unwearying in their devotedness, were gathered under the mantle of St. Bridget, the schools, the Total Abstinence Association, the priest, the faithful people, it seemed to him as though some privileged town of the dear old Land of the West was by magic wand translated to this new world to be set as a brilliant gcin in the crown of sanctity of lloly Church beneath the- bright Southern Cross. The Convent of Sisters of Mercy, which they dedicated that day, should henceforth be a source of untold blessed ness to their- important districts Their chil dren would be trained by the devoted sisters in every practical and useful branch of secular know ledge J whilst at the same time their hearts would be moulded to virtue and their minds enriched with the salutary truths of divine faith, that they might daily take up their cross and follow in the footsteps of their blessed Lord. Truly happy were the chil dren who were thus trained from infancy to love and serve their Creator. " Blessed is the people whose God is the Lord." And yet the great work Of Christian education is only one of the manifold works of pibty and mercy in which the pious sisters would spend their lives. The convent would be n sanctuary of religion, and the prayers of the com munity as fragrant incense from golden censers should asccnd before the throne of God. They would see the sisters go forth at intervals from the convent walls ; but was it in pursuit of plensurc or the amusements and vanities of t'.ie world ? Oh, no; but to visit the sick, to comfort those that are in sorrow, to bring to the desolate homes the bless ings of Christian piety aud the consolations of reli ligioii. He trusted that by their generosity tlicy would show that they rejoicod in having tbo do voted sisters among them, and that they would prove their resolve to strengthen their hands in tneir holy work, Thus they would be worthy of their fathers nnd faithful to the traditions of their race. They would show that they cherished with fondest nflection the priceless heirloom of the true faith handed down to them at the cost of so many sacrifices; and it would be their privilege, even here in the fairest continent beneath the Southern Cross, to reflect ill some way the piety and gene rosity of the mother land, which wns so dear to themVand which was no loss to-day than it was of old, the home of religion, the island of saints. The collection at tho close of the service amounted to upwards of £800, including the following dona tions :—Tho Hon. J. N. Ryan, 50 guineas : Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulbum, 50 guineas; Dr. Sloran, '20 guineas; and Father Bermingham, 20 guineas. 