A STARTLING ADVENTURE. A correspondent, writing to us un der date February 26th, and who does not disclose his name, forwards the fol lowing startling and awe-inspiring par ticulars of an adventure which he had Borne few nights previously. In his own words we give it to our readers for what it is worth:—" A few nights ago, as I was returning from fishing, and when passing a part of the Avon, known as the 1 Soldier's Pool,' or * Mick's Pool,' my nerves all of a sudden began to twitch, as I heard a tremendous splash ing in the pool, and almost simultane ously a figure, as if clothed in white, gently rose from the water; its armB were stretched out at full length, and round its neck was fastened a huge stone, which was tied with a piece of rope.u I was riveted where I stood, my feelings were being overcome, and I felt that I was being overwhelmed by some superhuman influence. I daresay I stood for over an hour in the one posi tion, and looked neither to the right hand nor to the left. All of a sudden, with a wild scream, the apparition van ished, and I saw it no more. Some people doubt the existence of ghosts, or of persons appearing to the living after they have been dead many years. Being myself an old colonist, aud one of the fhSst who settled in the York district, I was intimately acquainted with the man ,Mick who committed suicide in this self-same pool, and I solemnly declare that the face I saw on that night was a perfect likeness of the unfortunate sol dier's. Frequently since that night I have betaken myself to the pool, and have seen the self-same apparition. Some Eeople may be inclined to doubt what I ave here written being true, and ma)' probably venture to say I was laboring under some mental disorder at the time. But such', Mr. Editor, was not the case. On that very night, from out the mist which hung o'er the surface of the pool, I saw the image of Mick the Soldier / i And to this day as I pass by the vicin ity, I hear him whining, as he splashes the water in the gloom of night." To be sure, tins is a most mysterious state? ment, and our only hope is that the; correspondent will communicate with us his name and address without dnjgy, so that we may stroll along the banks of the Avon, and through the gloom of night exchange greetings and shake hands with the ghost of Mick the Sol dier. What a(n) icy sensation it would be to grasp the hand of one who had' been at rest oil the quiet bosom of the mighty deep for something like forty years. Ugh ! our pen trembles in our fingers at the thought of such a thing. Mick doubtless passes away his leisvre , time in drilling the crayfish and cobblers ■whose haunts happen to be in the same street as his own ; or, probably, every now and again, when he feels a desire to be amphibious, he takes a trip to the rear of Mt. Brown, from whence, nigh on forty years ago, he procured the stone with which he drowned himself. And there is another thought that strikes iis ; think you, reader, does our corres pondent, by cramming this startling yarn into us, think of putting the fear of- well, Mick, into our hearts, and ^prevent >us in the future from trying our luck with the rod in this haunted pool. We leave our readers to form their own opinions in this matter ; we have written our last paragraph for this issue, and now retire, to dream of Ugh ! the thought 1 