CRUMBS. Quadrille. Return Ball. Kaiser Welhelm all right again. Burglary rampant in suburbs of Sydney. Our ' dear, darling Angel' won King Solomon's pumpkin. There is a claim at Silverton said to be worth £1,000,000; : ? ? Persons are cautioned against trespassing on Hurleyville. bee auction advertisements by Mr. Byrne and Mr. Con n ell. Commercial News : A young couple united for better or for worse on Monday. Mattcrson the coming man : he beat the scientiiic sculler Messenger, on Friday, with easy. Reported settlement with Russia denied by Lord Granville. Yery hard to believe cablo news. His Exe.ftl 1 on cy Governor Loch of, Yi 3- toria and Lady passed through our station on Monday night for Sydney. Some good-humoured best close tongue - wrangling at Hospital Annual meeting. A strong battle over tho site question. Archbishop Moran refused to dine at Government House because ho was expected [ to give precedonco to Bishop Barry. ' Jerry' has been on his head since Mon day. More small clothes wanted in his family. When three or four Englishmen are gathoredi together;-; thoy establish a church and a race meeting. The Bishop of Adelaide advocates sister hoods to meet the want of religious educa tion in tho public schools. ? ? ' I never' said Yoltaire, ' was ruined -but—twice — once-when— I-gained-a-lawsuit, and once when I lost one.' The Queen's omission to congratulate Mr. W. E. Gladstone on his seventy- fifth birth day is much remarked in London. A branch Union Bank of Australa has been established at Burrowa, under the management of Mr. Crombie of Melbourne. Couiyjjr^^gt to-inorrow (Thursday), to revise aisossr^ht ; and it is probable that important questions will crop up for dis cussion. The World (Melbourne) is defunct, hav ing yielded up the ghost on Saturday. The paper was ably conducted, and many will -regret-tp-'hear-of-its ? ? ? 7^Eo^r~it^em'b'ers'ro-f~the~Mihistery'-(besides- Mr'.- Stuart) are now sick — Messrs. Dibbs, Dalley, Farnell, and Abbott. Can anybody discover the cause of this epidemic in the Cabinet ? A Balmainiac perpetratos the following conundrum ' How to make a statesman of Gladstone ?' Turn him round ten times and make him Dizzy— (Disraeli). The proposal to erect a hospital at Port Said as a memo.iial to General Gordon has been abandoned. Tho committoo for ad ministering tho funds, is reconsidering the quostioii of its disposal. A movement has been started by Mr. Quong Tart with a view to provide periodi cal treats for tho poor inmates of the asylums in the colony, and a plan lias boon .'organised to obtain the assistance of the public. Tho project bids fair to bo very successful. q By tho Silver Aye (Silverton) wo learn that Dr. Linton, the Bishop of Riverina, is 1 a man of broad and evangelical principles, for at ^ a service hold at Silverton ho particularly invited the Prosbytorian and Wesleyan ministers to assist' him. The Rev. A. Riddle (lato of Temora) was^fsho Presbyterian minister. A woir^willior to CootfTinundra makes' complaint to us that, whilo nearly every other township in tho colony is frequently represented in the Sydney daily press, Cootamundra finds sokloin moutiou. It must be admitted that often important public matters aro uot telegraphed to tho Sydnoy press. We hope, thoroforo, that our ilMToront- or'indi-f¥eront -correspondents -will- bo moie vigilant in future in noting matters of- general and -local' public interest; We are oursolve.s open to tho charge to some extent ; and nromiso to amend. 