After Tm&aty; Years. Br -Maobi. :No. X.. The 'lions' about Wellington are mot mimsaxa, but they are well worthy inspectSa. M'Nab's Gardens, at The Hutt, are unique in their wav. a.nd in 'the season -ran hnast of the very finest display of azaleas, camelias, and espe cially rhododendrons, probably to be seen south of the line. M'Nab himself is a fine specimen of the good, thrifty, gentle-mannered, practical old Scottish, gardener. Hia buxom wife partakes of the practical also ; but nothing delights the worthy couple snore than to do the honors of their floral domain to anyone who betrays a curiosity to look and learn. What memories gardeners must have; real gardeners, I mean. Not the frauds and shams, who invent names on the spur of the moment to hide their real ignorance, and whose assumption, of infallibility is at times so exasperating. M'Nab showed us pines, palms, lilies, flowering ?shrubs from Japan, Brazil, India, Africa, Europe, all growing 'cheek by jowl,' yet in graceful groupings and telling contrast, and the name of everyone came as pat as petitions to a mendicant, and was accompanied with, quaint little bits of description and touches of humor, which, made the old man's tale most enjoyable. On St. George's Day we took advantage of an excursion train at a marvellously cheap tariff of 7s fare, to' go over the world-fanied Rimutaka railway. Englishmen make very little fuss over Sfc. George. What a fuss and fuddle Scotchmen sometimes make over their dinner to St. Andrew ; . and, of course, we all know that St. Patrick's memory is embalmed in the heart of every Irish man, and annually honored by an amount of green ribbon, whisky, and eloquence which none but an Irishman could compass. Bat St. George ! Well, really, there 'was very little bustle in Wel lington on his account on the date £ write about ; and the banks were the only institutions that seemed to liold his memory in any special esteem.. The excursion train was but poorly patronised, and, punctually at 10 a.m., we started in most inauspicious 'weather. It rained heavily, and the clouds were low, and the air raw and chill. We steamed through the mists and driving rain away round-the harbor and up the valley of the Hutt, past rural farms and rich pastures in the valley, and the river at our feet rattling noisily over its shingly bars. Past Silver Stream, a pretty station, we begin to approach the bushy defiles and half-cleared flats, where settlement is more scanty and recent than in the lower valley. ' The forest primeval' still holds its own stubbornly here, and only a few unsightly patches of slovenly clearing on the hillsides, 'show that the pioneer has begun to make his mark. These first rude beginnings of settlement are so like the schoolboy's first writing lessons — grim, unsightly blots and thick strokes ! If ever mind ; the fine penmanship will come in time. When we come to the Upper Hutt, the outlook, under the depressing influence of the dull weather is not inspiring. There is a neat little church, but that about exhausts the neatness. Farming has retrograded here during the last five years. A big timber trade was formerly done ; but the forests have been denuded, and a wilderness of black stumps are all that remain to tell of the! ormer bravery of foliage. A wave of dulness has swept over the place, and it lan guishes for the want of energetic workers and possibly a good natured banker or two. Prom Eaitoke we have two engines, and make a steady ascent through some forest scenery of striking beauty. The look back, across the val leys and down the wooded jjjlens, is most ro mantic and beautifully diversified. At the top of the steep, the Pell engine is attached to tne train, and takes us down the ter rific decline to Cross Creek. There is here a raised centre rail, and the engine is provided -with some intricate and ingenious mechanism which grips this centre rail, and eo minimises the danger, and gives additional power. I was informed that only on the Vesuvius Bailway and on one incline on the Alps is there snch a steep gradient as here, and that it is only on these three lines that the Pell engine is in use. Not being an engineer I cannot vouch for this. - At all. events the Eimutaka gorge is a sight which once seen cap. never be forgotten. Critics of the carping. sort say that the line should never nave been brought by this route at all. They tell you of two alternate routes of easier grades and much more suitable for traffic. All I can say is that for the tourist, the Eimutaka line offers attractions which are positively enthralling. The curves are very abrupt. The pace is rapid enough to make standing on the platform dan gerous, as the oscillation is extreme; but the scenery is thriihngiy grand. The clear, brawling stream dashes along at the foot of the embanlnnentE, with here and there an abutment of logs and gabions stemming its im petuous rush, and diverting the insidious waters away from their work of undermining, and over throwing the labors of the engineer. Some of the. glens are stupendous in their depth. Two slender spidery-looking chain bridges span the stream at two different gorges. The bosky hills seem on fire, as the steam and mist curl and wreathe their ghost-like fantastic columns aloft through, the dark canopy of matted creeper and dewy fern fronds. Anon the sun bursts through the driving scud, and for an instant the gleam and glitter, the sheen and radiance, 'the play of glowing brightness and gloomy shadow, are positively bewildering, and superlatives are exhausted in the attempt to render any of the faintest concep tion of the absorbing witchery of the fairy display. Through a long, dark, enrved tunnel we dash. We spin across the narrow neck . named Siberia, where at times the 'wind shrieks like as if all the squadrons of the ' Prince of the Power of the Air ' were hurling themselves upon the rugged rocks in the attempt to dash, them into pieces. Great stones hurtle through the air at times. It was here that terrible accident took place, -when the train -was lifted 'bodily from the track by the hurricane, and many lives were lost. Since then the naked spur has been protected by high strong fences. But what a work has ibis been? How could the surveyors have possibly come down these beetling cliffs? What a wild chaos is- here?: Crags, cascades, towering heights, and dizzy steeps. It beats the western ghats of Bombay for wild majesty. And the mists! Those columns of vapor on the steep mountain sides. ' He but toucheth the Viiiis and they do smoke.' Look up or down the gorge as you will, we seem shut in from the outer world as by the fiat of some fell magician, with impassible barriers of the wildest rock and forest. Ho ! ho ! a beneficent wizard to the rescue. See through, yonder rift in the hoary glen the distant plains of Beula. The sun biasing on the Delectable Mountains beyond, and nearer the gleam and sparkle of a great lake. What- a con trast. Down there a picture such as one dreams of when fancy conjures up pictures of tlie plains of Heaven. Behind, looking away up to the mountain tops, they are literally hidden in ' clouds of thick darkness,' and so majestic is the whole that the mind is overwhelmed with, its grandeur and sublimity, and quite unfit to analyse it into its component parts. We descend swiftly now into the famous Wai rarapa Valley. The great lake now takes on a muddy hue. It is like an inland sea of dull olive green. The dun Manuka hills around, and swampy flats bordering the lake, seem very tame after the majesty of the mountains and solemn grandeur of the gorges. . The Wairarapa Valley is famous for its pas tures. The centre of the valley is poor land, mostly shingle and sand. . The lower valley, how ever, and the hollows alongside the bills are very rich. It is well populated, and dairy farms and factories are, numerous. The land about tlie lalro wants draining. The lake itself is tie property of the Maoris, and they are agitating now .for permission to prevent all European interference with their Riparian rights. The towns in the -valley axe Feathsrstone, Grey -£6wn, Carterton, and Masterton. t At Carteiton is an extensive sawmill employing over two hundred ha-nfla. ,:.;'-.\ .. _ ?. ',.:; At Masterton are three floor mills, and the town is bustling and seems thriving. The school was undergoing enlargement. There wag ? ^ a house to let in the place, and we notice several new braidings ifi process of erection. There are numercfas streams hire in which trout hatching' lias/been successful. !£here is -a* capital institute aid reading-room, aT'^**' affioiflmf; fire service. Ladders are slung in pronuneat places along the main streets, for use in case -of fires. They are supplied by tie different insu- j ranee companies. This is a good idea sorely. We had a good lunch, at ElMns's Club Hotel, ' and got back in the dark to Wellington about 7 o'clock, and had our usual comfortable andlios pitable reception ^t the- Occidental. Another celebrity Haft must beiseenin 'felling, ton is the far-famed Maud Bay Hermit. Some mystery attached totals ascetic individual. He lives in a miserable, qoid, bare cave, lies on the bare stones, and, while accepting food or clothes, from his visitors, Tejecte sill money offerings. Herein lie diners from Ids Oriental.protbotype, the Pakeer or Yogi. iPossSiy the dreary past holds its horrid secrets for Him. He converses intelli gently enough on currestt' topics. At night occa sionally he comes into one-of the newspaper offices in town, where Ue is -supplied with, mental pabulum in the shape of a groat bundle of mutilated ex changes. Over these he ;pores, and possibly he may one day astonish the 'world in -fche role of a new Mahdi, or Peter'the-Hennit. At present he is an object of curiosity 'jyrith. the many, and certainly -with some, an object ? of tjiity and kindly interest. \- If the visitor wishes -to feast his eyes on an exhibition of perfect good taste aSid exquisite skill in arrangement, let him visit thte -atelier of that artist in arrangement of curios — Mr. Kohn, the jeweller, on Lambton Quay. Mr. Kohn has a wonderful^tnd -most complete-coll-ection of Maori and Island -weapons, cloths, and other curios. They are 'arranged round the 'mails of an upper room, -where the light streams softly in through stained ??windows, and the courtesy of Mr. Kohn is on a par -with bis good taste. TbB loom isa wonder. It is something unique. Dr. Boiler has another splendid collection of Maotri curios which I much regretted I was unable to see, although Captain Mair had most kindly provided me 'with a- letter of introduction to the worthy doctor. ? The museum -and botanical gardens too are* worthy a visit. Another object of interest I had the good, fortune to behold, oinder the guidance of its eon- ? structor. This wasrthe Belmont Viaduct, erectedl on the Wellington and Manawatu railway about a mile from Jobnstoxwille, by Mr. Morton Dana her, the contractor, from the design of Mr. H. P. Higginson, the engineer to the company. The bridge is said to be the highest viaduct in.« the world, which is built exclusively of timber. So that Wellington boasts -the possession ot thei largest wooden building and the. highest- wooden viaduct in the world. The viaduct is raised on sixteen concrete -base* ments. It contains 312,000 superficial feet of kauri timber, and there are thirty-five tons of - wrought iron used up in bolts, nuts, washers, and straps alone. At a distance ' it looks like a gigantic web, or the puzzle of a dream ing geometrician. It is 170ft in height, above the stream, and thetepan over the-valley is 185ft. The erection of suteh enormous lehgi&is; gave occasion for a displayjfOf fertility of resource on Mr. Danaher*s part -which is, I think, twell worthy of record. All his, sections he builtVon-the ground-on the side of the hill. His problem was to place them in, situ -without the aid of ruinously expensive scaSolding, and, at the same timefwitlioujb undue risk to bis workmen. Every log had to-be labo riously dragged up steep hill sides?along the bed of a mountain Btream, and over ground which would have daunted the resolution oft most men. How then did he manage ? Thus. Having built his section on\llie ground he raised it bodily into its place by a vertical lift- ? But how did he get bis vertical lift? Well, that was the clever idea ! He sank a tunnel into the rock on each side of the valley, and made a T shaft in each tunnel, and in this shaft set a huge beam. Through the beam be rove a strong wire cable, and then hauled it taut across the valley, and on it put bis blocks and tackle^ and thus without scaffolding raised bis structure, section by section, and so the 'wonderful erection rose 'without accident or mischance into being, and now stands a marvel of. skillful contrivance and a lasting tribute to the resourcefulness and energy of tbe genial and gifted contractor. My visit was not wholly engrossed'jffith 'behold- ing the wonders in natural scenery .'*jS!*$My tastes lie . also in viewing the practical aiid*inspecting the industrial. So it was that we were glad to avail ourselves of an oBDortunitv afforded us of being: shown over the Gear Meat Preserving and Freezing Company's works by the courteous and intelli gent superintendent, Mr. Oldham. The Gear Company employ altogether about 250 bands. They have made arrangements for turning out 4,000,0001bs of tinned and preserved meats during the coming year. They are turn ing out at present over ten tone daily, and they are tbe only firm I believe in Australasia who have successfully laid down corned beef in London to pass tbe Admirality standards at Deptford. Tbe men were engaged putting up Government supplies for her Majesty's navy at the time of our visit. Considering tbe nature of tbe material being operated on, the cleanliness of the works was wonderful. We were first shown into the boning-room, where mighty carcases -ware being stripped with a deftness and celerity only begotten of long prac tice. The bones were bundled off to boiling down and glue works outside the town. Some of them are used to make rich stock for tbe soups. Tbe second stage is that wherein tbe flesh is put in pickle tanks to extract the superfluous blood. Thirdly, it is next blanched by being loaded in an iron cage, which is worked up and down by machinery, and dipped into boiling water. The attendants forking in tbe huge masses of flesh with great steel forks was ' a new sensation, and tbe forks would have suited ' Blunderbore,' of Jack tbe Giant-killer renown to a nicety. Fourthly, it was then, after being cut to requisite sizes, filled in hot into tbe cans, which have previously all been made on tbe premises by a staff of experts, and have been scalded in hot water, and thoroughly cleaned. Fifthly tbe cans are next subjected to enormous pressure, ingeniously applied by a patent arrangement of turn screws at a long table, capable of pressing many tins simultaneously. Each can has to undergo a pressure of three tons to the inch, and the process is a patent of the company. The tinsmith now (sixthly) fixes the beads of the cans in, and solders them down. A small orifice is left purposely in the top of each. can. Tbe cans are now (seventhly) placed in the preserving vats in the cooking room. Here the beat 'was xather tropical, though the smell was most appetising. The lightly-clad workmen, with their clean white caps, hurry to and fro, bending over the seething, bubbling vats, like magicians busy over some magic cauldron. There is the puffing, piffing, paffiing, plop plop, of inces sant ebullition, and the cans in their simmering bath, steam away each from its tiny aperture like so many independent miniature steam engines. The medium in which they are immersed for half their bulk has to be a dense one to keep down ebullition and lessen evaporation, and so a mix ture of muriate of lime and fat is used. When sufficiently cooked, the orifice in tbe lid is sol dered up, and the cans are next subjected to a further treatment in a bath of a higher tempera ture. Here one or two will occasionally burst with a terrific report and to tbe grievous hurt of the attendants. Happily such accidents are rare. They are then plunged through an orifice into a bath of cold water, cleaned, painted, labelled, and a neat finish given to the exterior, which at last assumes a most attractive guise. The tin room was perhaps the most interesting oneof tbe whole factory. The whole work -was so neatly, cleanly, and expedttionBly done that it was a treat to witnesB the regularity and method so apparent in every department. But we have lingered too Jong, over our descrip tions and most Jem Wellington. One painful thing obtruded itself on our observation. We saw inoro drunkenness in Wellington than in any city or town in New Zealand. Whether this be a permanent or but a passing and transitory phase of tbe social life of fids fin* town 1 cannot say, but it is the only reproach I feel oilled on to record. , We saw many deplorable cases of open, brassen fuced, flaunting drankeoneesj and sad to say not a few of tbe lamentable instances, 'were those of really well-dressed respectable -looking women, evidently workmen's wives, probably mothers of families. Alas! alas! under «ucb- circumstancea is larrikinisni to be wondered sfc ? 