t&O;&TIBG; YOPIci By the " S poets ii " Staff. This is how BelVe Life in London elates Mr. Pajten's starting apparatus : — "Novelty, it is said, is invariably charming. Subjoined is a brilliant idea in respect to a new system of starting horses. We hope Lord Marcus Beres- ford, Major Dixon, Bobert I' Anson, etc., will carefully peruBe it and favour ns with their ideas thereon. Possibly, before long, some insane individual may suggest applying simultaneously an elec tric battery to the tails of aU horses under the starters orders. The effect certainly would be peculiar, though per chance the ' fixer' of the battery and some of the jockeys might have serious cause to regret the scientific innovation." It is whispered by those behind the scenes (some of the principal backers of Sheet Anchor) that two or three metallicisns in a big way of business have not paid np in nill over the Mel bourne Cup yet. Time was asked for and granted, toe matter being put pretty plainly, "If you wait you stand a chance of oottine it in fnll in six montoa. if yon don't, - writ — the game is np, and you get nothing." Venly, all is not gold that glitters. Mb. A. L. Johnson has; I believe, at present about the biggest string of horses in work ont Flemington way, thirty-three being, I think, tire munber bleated at his Kensington stables. Fieuhno runs in families ont here. The other day one of the members of an old- brotherhood of bookmakers, when pnt in a hole, wailed, "I've been' for fifteen years, here and in New Zealand, on the turf." " Indeed !" rejoined one of his hearers; "well, all I can say is, 'twonld have been better for some of your backers if von had been under it that time." By-the-way, some old semes are likely to be raked np shortly before the V.E.C. committee in connec tion with the "fifteen years' fielder," who some few years back is' said to bare deliberately and systematically laid him self out' to welsh in Sydney. Witnesses are'- to be prodncea, -And there will probably 'be a revisal of , the V.B.C. Registration List this season. ' Oub Caulfield correspondent writes :— Denmark has been blistered and turned out in Mr. H. Connolly's paddock. Union Jaek has quite recovered from bis lameness, and I hope to shortly, see him pay for his oats. Gipsy's - Warning has joined Mr.' J. G. Heed's string, where hie will be prepared for future engagements. I learn from a private source that Bihg- woOd, who left for India some time ago under the care of Mr. Hey Wood's youngest son/ John, has been doing remarkably well since his arrival. He. won the first race he started for— viz., the Grand fit - Leger Stakes at Meeret — very easily. He meets the same field in the Viceroy's Cap, -which he should have no difficulty in appropriating. ' "From tile same sonrce I learn that ' Mistaken, another Victorian ; horse, fell in the Hurdle Bsce and broke \ his' leg. F.: Leng is beginning to get. anbfhbr string together. Badge, tire Steeplechaser, is the latest addition, and with, Solo, St Ellen, and Garibaldi be should .win a race shortly. - The "latter is doing hii work in winkers, and is going nice -and quietly. Maacoll, the jockey, who broke his thigh some time back, is -still in tha -Alfred Hospital, and, I am told, badly needs a hairing hand. J. JCing, the well-known foekey, distin guished himself on Friday in tire meitch between the Jockeys and Trainers apd Bookmakers. "He not only pnt to gether 65 runs, but. Secured 10 . wickets tor 60. There will be several small meetings on tire Gippsland line daring the Christmas holidays — viz., Spring Vale, Hennessy's, Berwick, and Brandy Creek. .Coalfield is beginning to have a "busy appearance of a morning now, most of the horses bring in good work. The friends of Mr. J. G. Meywood will be glad to learn that he is progressing very favourably. 1 Although Flaisanterie won the Cesarewitcb as she liked, the English sporting writers as a body .-seemed to flunk : tost shebadn'tathfi«t,of .. ,t. w -propnabng the Clambiidgeshire, the generally expressed opinion bring to the effect that, good as the French mare on- questionably is, she is not quite brilliant enough to do rather better than Foxhsll did. Yet Plaisanterie won very easily. Five hundred pounds, "win or lose," were the conditions on which Archer, who is now' a " free lance," accepted the mount on Paradox in- the Champion Stakes, which he won very easily by a neck. Paradox has improved so much since the Derby that good judges at home opine that he will .beat Melton whenever they meet. Abthub O'Connob, the kindest, most hospitable, and one of the wealthiest landed proprietors in Tasmania, has just joined the great majority. He will be missed immensely. Unlike the late lamented James Arndall Gnnn, who died in the prime of life, he lived to the ripe age of 75 years. Connorville was his home for half a century. Wheneveb any charitable matter is bronght before them, the bookmakers may be depended npon to respond liberally. On Monday morning Dr. Campbell made his customary Christmas appeal for tobacco for the inmates of the Immigrants' Home and Benevolent Asylum, and during the day Mr. H. Moses started a subscription amongst the members of the Victorian Club and Bowes' Tattersall's, with the result that £50 was quickly collected. Fbyingfan, who is at the stud at his owner's place in GippBland, hasaji»«£7 had five mares. Commotion, who walked over last year for the Baeot Plate, is not entered for mat event this time. The Sydney Summer meetings this year promise to be exceptionally, attrac tive, and several of our racing men who are interested in the jcasnlts will shortly "lfiave for Bahdwick. Young sandfittsr- Wno as nearirVa Sesible caught the New Zealand jookey, erritt, napping on Winchester in the Maiden Plate at the V.B.C. Spring Meeting, bad the mount on Muscat in the Harvest Handicap on Saturday at Moonee Valley. A lad named Taylor was np on William Teli, who at the home turn had all his field apparently beaten. Taylor then stopped riding, eased his horse, and Sanders who never seems to lose sight of the fact that the race is not won until the numbers have gone np, braught np Muscat with a great rush, and catching Taylor fairly asleep, just landed the son of Sour Grapes a winner on the post by a short head. These is now on view, at Messrs. Young and Co.'s establishment, the trophy which Mr. Halinboorg has pre sented to the Victoria Clnb for the winner of the Cap, to be ran at Fleming--- tononOth January. The trophy takes the form of a large silver cap. It is valued at £50. With the publication of the V.B.C. and Victoria Clnb nominations — which appear in another column — interest inthe summer meetings is awakened ; and although the absence of Commotion from the Bagot Plate is to be deplored, his non-appearance adds to the open nature of that race, which last year was con sidered such a good thing for the cham pion that he was indulged with a walk over. Judging by'the entries, there is every prospect of s good afternoon's sport at ElstornWick Park, on Saturday week. There are seven in the Maiden Trot, twenty-one in the Hurdle Bace, twenty- five in the December Handicap, eighteen in the Steeplechase, twenty-four in the SellingBaee, twenty -nine in the Elstern- wick Handicap; and five in the West End Cup, a trotting event. The Warm&mbool; Boeing Club is in a very satisfactory condition. At the annual meeting held on Monday evening, the financial statement showed a credit balance of £460. The net profit for the year was £219, and the club now has £500 on fixed deposit bearing interest. The reduction in the membership fee from three guineas to two guineas has been attended with great success, there being 142 members instead pf 64 last year, when the higher amount wob charged. Several improvements have been made to the coarse, and others are in contemplation. Joe Mobbison, who trained Meander and subsequently lost the son of Castle HUl after the Mbohee Valley Selling Bace, has received an addition to his string in All Gold, wlio ran so -well at Wagga and Yerong. I notice that the son of Infidel .and Gplden Locks has -been, nominated for-' some of the good -things at- both the V. A.T.C and V.B.C. ensamg_meetings. Mr. -H. Yeend has added Esmond to his string. The son of The Marquis from Proposal has, since he was under Yeend's care, been running in a buggy, but Yeend, being under the impression - that there was a race in the-linle bay, .purchased him. Mr. Joseph Dnffett's team .has -received an addition in Millstream, ;who ia by Swiveller from My. Lady. Nominations few the Shepparton Turf Club Handioaps and Hurdle Bace, to be run on the 10th of February, close on the 26th January. -There are. six events on the programme, which ya published in another column, the principal -one being the Handicap, of 100 sots. '' Cokkohon'S-IOT entrata5fiBSB(Dn ' suspicions that Y& Yeterah's fagjjjftess was not wholly acriffljmtai. WifirMieir' to investigating this, tttejMlowing adver tisement appears in the JUeeGeaetto : — " £1000 Beward.— On or .aliatttithArd October last, the racehorse ' Otej' »' nthm' was maliciously injured in -MriADnkin's stables at Flemington- - The . HCtebur- able Win. Pearson, owner of -tiit h&se;, ' offers a reward of £1000 for''tngK/in- formation as will lead to the detection and conviction of the perron brjersons who injured, or conspired to injure the said horse. This:offier shall not apply to the conviction of the Btable boy wto was thenitt attendance on the horse." p ' The Landsboroogh races, willjbedjeld Ilth January. Acceptances and geheral entries are due on the 23rd January. Two apprentices for. the Mordudloc Racing Stables are advertised -for in another column. : Fibst Demon, who has been having a spell lately, it now doing good sound work at Bandwick. Mkkthobe was scratched for . the Bowes' Tattersall's Cup nearly a week back, and np to Monday Mr. Whitting- ham's horse was backed for the race, which was dabbed " the Mentmore Slakes." At the Moonee Valley January Meet- ting the principal event will be the Ascot Vale Handicap, of 150 sovs., entries', for which will be received at the offices in Kirk's Bazaar up to 4 p.m. on Monday, 21st December. M'Gbade, who rode Tom Brown in the laBt Caulfield Cup, and sustained very severe injuries in the accident on that occasion, is now looking exceedingly well, after spending a ;holiday in the quietness of Gippsland. He returned to Sydney last week. In our advertising columns wiH be found the programme issued by . the Ararat Turf Club for their annual meeting, to he run on the 3rd and 4tir of February next. The principal event on the first day isji-cirarafc Cup, of 100 sovs., whiios over a mile and a half ; imj-otfihe second day the Handi- eapjltirdle Bacc. The date of nomina- "fron is the 6th of January. The weights will be published on the 19th, and ac ceptances are due on the 27th of the same month. The particulars of the Hawkesbuiy Stakes and the Autumn Handicap, to be run at the Autumn Meeting of the H.B.C., arc published in our advertising columns, hi each of the races the winner will receive 500 sovs. ; the Becond horse gets 150 sovs., and the third 100 A.J.C., or H.E.C. offices up to four o'clock on tlie 4th. of Januaiy. i-- am very pleased to see that the' an.ee of giving the second and third horses a reasonable prize has been acted upon. The brown gelding by Ambassador— I Miss Angler lias gone into Piggott'sst&ble;, where he will be taught the rudiments of his education. Although four years old, the colt has only just been broken in» Piggott, by-the-way, has accommodation for a couple more. In glancing over the entries for the V.E.C. Xcw Year's Day Meeting several horses' names are met with that have not been seen in public at Melbonrne for some time, viz. : — Ironmaster, Napier, mid Norfolk in the Standish Plate ; and Bend Or, Ecginald, and Sea Horse in the Midsummer Handicap. "When the Y.3L.p. committee proceed with their improvements, the first thing to occupy their attention should be the erection of proper scratching boards on the hill ana flat. Under the present system horses are scratched in the pad dock many minutes before they are erased from the list posted on the hilL With such an apparatus as that patented by Messrs. Gaunt aud Haydon this state of affairs would be remedied, and patrons of the bill (the best paying portion of the ground) would be placed ou the same footing as their more wealthy brethren in the paddock. Ma. Haxdo>- has every reason to be pleased with the entries which hare been made for the Victorian Club Meeting, to be held at Flemington on the 9th January next. The first event— the Hurdle Bace — has 27 in it, amongst them being The Agent, Insolvent, Royal Maid, G-as&lier;, Waverley, Tantaliser, Tattler, and Fusilier. The principal event — the Vic torian Club Cup— has attracted an entry of 44, including Malua, $hoet Anchor, Chuckster, Merrimu, Don Quixote, Lord Wilton, St. John, Loch;.. TTncas. Remus, Madcap, Stafford, Bohemian, Hippo- griff, Ringmaster, Gratitude, Anchorite, Acolyte, Camerine, Grace Darling, -The Ghost, Plausible, and Layin'gton. There ore only eleven ' in' the Two-year-old Stakes. The Selling Stakes .has fifteen, including Meander, Squireen. Primus, aud other- speedy ones.- Nine teen have been nominated for the Steeple chase, and they include Wymlet, Morton, Governor, Stag, Bob Cooper, Lady Ash- ton, Goodwood,, and St. Duns tan. The last event — the January Handicap— Jias 46 engaged. Amongst them ore Mains, William Tell, New York; Cfaptrap, Ironmaster, Lando, Stafford; Evie,: Sea Horse, Bis Bis, Moonshee, Middletnarch. The Ghost, Mustang, Albanus;"-«na Squireen. - ' : ' New Yeab's Day has been fixed ion by the Kilmore Amateur Turf Club for their annual races. Including a pro gramme of seven events, there -will also . be a match between two-two-year-bld colts, for £20 a-side, decidedinothat visi tors will have racing enough. Entries far the Club Handicap, District Handicap, . and Hurdle Bace mutt be made oil "the 18th inst. and for:.the Maiden Pip, _ . Maiden' Hurdle Bace, LadiesVBraoelet, arid SeUing Bace on the 28th Vebembter. Acceptances fall due .on 1 the fallowing , day. ' — : > - — » .. 'V- (For continuotion-vf Sporting Topics ler Page 5.) - -ft . arOBTISQTOFICS. (Continued from Page 1.) ' £xcBllekt entries have been received for the V.B.C. New Year's Day Meet ing. The Standish Plate has no fewer than 67 engaged, amongst them being Ifaloa, Sheet Anchor, Britisher, Chnck- ster, Merrimu, Sea Horse, Lord "Wilton, Bemns, The Agent, St John, Stafford, Uhcas, Madcap, Lantern, Hingmaster, Evie, Bohemiap, Middlemarch, The Ghost, Plajnsihle, Albanns, and Laving- ton. Twenty-five have been nominated for the Hurdle ' Bace,' including The Agent, Insolvent, Boyal "Maid, Master Pinetop, Gaealier, and G rattan. The entries for. the: Bagot Plate are not nu- inerons, bat the quality of those engaged is first-class, as will be seen when the names of Malua, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Blink Bonny, Mozart, Beginald, and Bemue are mentioned. There is fiofhimg very brilliant . in -the Steeple chase, hots good race maybe expected from Licette, Governor, Native, Good wood, Lady Aihton, Studley, Memder, and Morven, who are amongst the twenty engaged. There are 45 in the Mid- cummer Handicap, including Sheet Anchor, Britisher, Merrimn,'Chnckster, Lord Wilton, St John, The Agent, Anglesey, Bemns, Lesbia, Madcap, Be- finald, Blink Bonny, Anchorite, Kit Tabbies, St Lawrence, Acolyte, Dura tion, Camerine, Gasalier, Plausible, and Stornaway. The Criterion Stakes has not filled wen, - there being "Only fifteen entries. Fob the A.J.C. Boxing Day Meeting and the Sydney Tattersul's Meeting, to be ran on the first and second days in tire New Year, excellent entries' tiave been received for the various events, whilst the acceptances for the A.J.C. Summer Cop and Tattersall's Cup and Carington Stakes augur well for good fields starting for each of the principal races. . Victoria is fairly well represented, and let as. hope that some or the good things across the border will coine our way- The privileges at the forthcoming V.B.C. New Year's Day Meeting will be sold by anotion.pt Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday, the 2Sth mat., at 12 noon. On Tuesday, the 5th of January, the gates, booths, &c.;, in connection with the Victorian CLub Meeting, which will be held at Flemington on the 9th of that month, will be sold at Kirk's Bazaar at mid-day, Tub Evelyn Turf Club annual races will be held at the Yarra Flats on Boxing Day, when seven events will.be decided. The programme will be found in another column. Me. W. Gunn, jun., the secretary of the Baywood Bace Club, notifies that the annual meeting will be held on the 3rd of February. The programme will ap pear in a future issue. The final payment of 2 sovs. for ac ceptors in Bowes' Tattersall's Cup must bemado to-morrow before 4 p.m. at the office of the club, Kirk's Bazaar. On Boxing Day the Pleasant Creek Bacing Club will hold their annual meet ing. There are seven events set down for decision, nominations for which must be lodged on the 12 th inst. The weights will appear on the 19th, and acceptances fall due on the night of general entry, the 24th inst. Fob their nnnnn.? races, in lie lielil-uii the 14th of January, the Smcaton. TW Club have issued a very inviting little programme. Nominations for the Hurdle Bace, Smeaton Cup, Selling Hurdle Bace, Welter Handicap, ana Trot must be made not later than Mon day, the 14th inst. The weights will he declared on the 21st, and acceptances and flranftrn.l fflf-pr ftp tkfl ) jth T T'n i — -wr- in our advertising columns. The next Elmhnrst races are to he held on 22nd January. Entries will be received up to 8 p.m. on 21st Jannary. The Carnival Fair at the Exhibition is running its last week. Beally, on a hot night it is about as pleasant a place of amusement as there is in Melbourne- plenty of side shows, including feats of strength and club exercises by such athletes as Professor Miller, Messieurs Victor, Aubert, etc. Irish step- dancing is also a great attraction ; and for the speculative, the French racing game is a most fascinating way of risking shillings for prizes. 