SHAKSPERE'S BIRTHDAY. Last evening the members of the Geelong Shakapere Society celebrated the 32lst anniversary of the birthday of William Sbakspere, the Bard of Avon. It was done in a style reflecting very great credit on the members of the society, which has been in existence only a few months. The public appear to have been thoroughly imbued with the Shaksperian spirit, judging from the overfilled balcouy and hall of the Mechanics' Institute, the attrac tions offered evident!}' having caused a deep interest to be takeu. Chairs and forms had to be obtained from the class rooms in order to accommodate the throng of visitors. To say the lea3t of it,the society gave a grand conversazione, in which Shaks perian poetry aud music were interpreted fairly well by all connected with the society, and the audience was not slow in testifying its appreciation of the first efforts of the members. The chair was occupied by Mr E. L. Backhouse, president of the society, who in opening the proceedings of the evening read a telegram which had just bgen received from the Melbourne Society congratulating the Geelong Society on its inauguration aud its first public cele bration. Referring to the great poet, whose birthday they celebrated, he spoke in highly eulogistic terms of the wonderful talent of the bard iu depicting man* kind, aud pointed oat that Shakspere's works would never die. Ho referred to the organisation of the Geelong Society in December 1S84, which had not been fairly launched until the 14th February, when the inaugural meeting waB held. The society embraced lady and gentleman mem bers, and numbered about 30, but it was hoped that the number would iucrease to 100\. The society encouraged the study of the works of Sbakspere, and in the discus sions on the plays and poetry of the bard, facts and figures were adduced, and now beauties were discovered iu every line. The study of the poet's works afforded pleasure in the spare hours and the time spent was more profitable to all, than if it were spent in idleness. In the studies, tho members derived knowledge, and participated in the fluent mind of William Skakspere, tho grandest and most intellectual writer the world could boast of, Tho secretary of tho society followed, with equally eulogistic references to tho poet. Ariel's song from Tempest, " Where the bee sucks," was admirably rendered by Miss Dick, whose excellently rich notes, clear enunciation, splendid time and crispness of music, created a most favorable impression. The solo was given with bril liant effect, and the vocalist received the heartiest applause. The duet "I know a bank," taken from Midsummer Night's Dream, was sung by tho Misses Steedman and Stone in a pleasing style. The voices were in excellent harmony, and the number was given with such delightful vigor that the young ladies narrowly escaped being com pelled to repeat the effort; The second part of the programme was devoted to a grand recital of the tragedy of Macbeth, which with bhakesprrian readers and admirerB is ever a favorite play. To Bhorten the piece brief sketches of several of the actp, omitted from | the programme as well of sketches of inci dents to follow, were read at intervals by Mr G. F. Link, the general director. The j character of Macbeth was assumed by Mr i John Robson, of B:\Uarat, and be is certainly | entitled to very great credit for his exceed I inglv good representation. Although he I appeared to many persons in the audience to I exhibit just a little too much of the declama | tory style, still, for an amateur actor, he is ' entitled to the highest praise, especially in the murder of Duncan, the scene after the dreadful deed, where remorse agitates the brain and uunerves the man, the banquet and the last episode in the eucounter with Macduff, The impersonation of Lady Mac beth by Miss Clanchy was without question a graud performance for a young lady mak ing her first appearance in the character. Slightly stiff in her acting, she compen sated for the defect by her admirable portrayal of the lady seeking fame, power, and brilliancy of company at the expense of the lives of those who barred the way to the distinguished positions. Her representation of the somnambulistic walk of Lady Macbeth was an excellent oue, and in style of delivery of Bpeech and accompanying actions, showilin thf* t*»rr»Mo nF agitated braiu, terrified at the dark deeds of murder caused a thrill of genuine horror dispelled at last by the somewhat hurried retreat to her chamber. With Mr Robson she shared in the merited calls before the footlights and received the hearty plaudits of an admiring audience. The cauldron scene by the weird sisters, Messrs A. Lynch, J, Hisbins and W. Hall, heightened in effect by the magic figures, was a capital performance, and the grand procession of royal ghosts was of a decidedly meritorious character. Locke's celebrated music was rendered in first class style by the Misses Stons and Steedman (soprano), Mrs Han son and Miss Steedman (contralto), Messrs G. and H. Steedman (tenor) and Messrs Hayward, Gilbert, and F. Hawker (basso). The other characters were well sustained by Messrs G. F. Huttou (ftanquo). TV. Ower (Ross), Jas. Hill (Angu^), A. D. Goddard (messenger), Brownlee (Lennox), Hay ward (Hecate), J. Marden (Macduff), A. P. Row croft (Malcolm), Brodie (Doctor), and S. M'Bumey (Seyton), Mr G. F. Button, who had charge of the apparition de partment performed his duties with preci sion and ability. Despite the fact that the frequent intervals were rather tiring, the entertainment proved to be of a most enjoy able description, and the first appearauce of the GceloDg Shakspere Society before the public was undoubtedly a most meritorious one. 