(-M(t$ and -@n-te. The number of births and deaths during the week ending. Saturday June 20th, was : — birrhs 232 and dpath-? 81; excess of births. 151. In theyeir 1884 the United State* with a noDulation of fif'V millions took British geois to the extent of £2t 300,000. while Australia with onl-- three millions population took £23,700,000 valu' of Briti-h produce, Belgium and Ho'land not more than 25s. to 3^s per head, whilst Australia consumes fro-n £9 to £10 per head. The Globe Hotel at Monnt Gambier was destroved by fire last week, The* Hon. R. C. Baker, M.L.C., intends to leave South Australia for England early this month. He will also visit Americ* and cross the Atlantic to .Great Britain. The committee of the Chamber of Deputies' has adopted the vote of credit of 12,000,000 francs for the dispatch of a force of 3,000 troops to Madagascar.. The population of Victoria on March 31 was 967,187, an increase for the quarter of 3911 Female education seems to be making con siderable progress in the Madras Presidency, for daring the year 1883-84 (the ' Bombay Gazette' s-ays) there were no Iras than 47,009 pupils at tbe different schools, of whom about 31,000 were Hindus and nearly 2,000 Maho medans. It i* stated that the Earl of Dudley was in sured in various offices to the extent of up wai-rls of £300.000. In 12 months 1.186 persons were killed on railways in the United Kingdom, the injured numbering 8.023, The football results in Melbourne on Saturday last were: — The Carltons defeated the Mel bournes by 2 goals to 1; and tbe South Melbournes defeated the Richmouds by 9 goals to uil. Cholera is spreading rapidly throughout Spain. On Saturday last 1,100 cases were reported, and of these about 500 proved fatal. The Government announced their policy yesterday. Large meetings of unemployed men were held in A delaide on Monday. A deputation waited on the Commissioner of Public Works later, when he undertook to find work for as many as would take it. Dr. Cnas. Gosse, the well-known city doc ter, met with a severe accident on Monday, bj which one of his legs was broken a little above the ankle. Moulden, Sa»to and Tomkinson nominated for Council. Close contest expected between latter two. Moulden not supposed to have a ghost of a chauce for this time ; but it is a good advertisement for him for next time he omes out. District Council nominations took place throughout the co'ony on Monday. Our local footballers succeeded in defeat ing the Mount Barkers on Saturday last, on the tatters' grounds, the scores were— Straths. 2 goals 3 bebinds, to Mounts, 5 behinds. This is the first time that the Straths, bave defeated the Mount Barker players on their grounds. The Friendly Societies' Hall at Clarendon was completely burnt down on Sunday even iug, caused by the chimrey catching alight, A woman named Mary Donnelly attempted to commit suicide on Sunday evening Ust by jumping into the Torrens Lake. She was immediAtely rescued by Water Constable McGoe. Police Trooper Reynolds stationed at Goolwa, got the small bone of his leg broken and bis ankle injured whilst arresting a man named Crawley on Saturday morning. He was at once taken to the Adelaide Hospital. Tbe winners of the Victorian Amateur Turf Club races on Saturday last were: — Handicap Hurdle Race, Huntsman ; Victoria G 'Id Cup, Dnndee ; the Ladies' Trophy, Hannibal ; Open Steeplechase, Lizette ; and the Richmond Handicap fell to Country Boy, Piiantom 2nd. and Museat 3rd. The football results in Adelaide on Saturday last, were : — The Adelaide* beit the Norwoods by 4 goals 9 b -hinds to 13 bebinds; and the SoutU Adelaides beat the Po ts by 3 goals 16 bthii:ds to 2 K'als 6 behinds. During tbe first five months of this year the rainfall registered at the Observatory was 4 685 inches. A little boy named Wenz'l of Mitcham died on Saturday from the effects of scalds which be received last week. - The sixth monthly cleaning up of the New Era crushing took place ou Saturday last, tbe yield beiog 273 oz*. The amount of the tender for MessrF. D. aud W. Murray's new warehouse is £15.376 According ti a return relating to the English Post- office Savings Banks, there was at the close of 1884 due to depositors £44,773 773. The charges av.d expenses incurred in management of the department amounted for the year 1884 to £243,617. There are 69 dogs nominated for the Vic to-im Waterloo Cup — four from South Australia, one from Tasmania, seven from New South Wales, and the rest from Victoria. Milone, the champion athlete, has challenged O'Brien of Vx'oria, for from £100 to £500 fur half a mile, t- bs run iu Sydney ii August or September. A man named Thompson at Salisbury attemp'ed to commit suicide. Thrai hundred more immigrants coining out lor Adelaide. On Saturday afternoon last o:ie hundred men were dispatched from Adelaide to Sydney by the Yeoman. Mr. L. B. Mitchell, a surveyor, has been publicly borsewipped by Mr. Harwood, the No them Terri o y assayer,for alleged scandal. The total expense of the Land and Income Tax since it was assented to on the 14th of November up to tbe 1st of June has been £7,931 13s 5J, and the amount of revenue received up to the same date was £314 19s Id. At tbe start of Tuesday's parliament the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. Spence} told Mr. Salom that tbe Government do not intend to make any provision for establishing a trusnt school in Adelaide. 641,000 acres of land is reserved for th-. use of tbe natives iu the Northern Territory. Professor Lamb has otta;ned a year's leave of absence from the Conncil nf the University and it. tends pr.ee ding to Eughnd shortly. Oa Tuesday afternoon 166 men made applications for work at t e office of tbe Conservator of Water, and tickets were granted to 99 of them who are married. They were dispatched to Petersburg o-i Wednesday morning. Tbe number of persons arrived by sea at Port Adelaide during the week ending Saturday, Jone 27th. was 208, and the number Lft by similar means was 344. L )ss to the colony 136. C mrsing is to be held at Hindmarsh Island to-day. An electric light football match was played ou the Adelaide Oval last night between the South Adelaide and the Adelaide Clubs. During the half year euding Tuesday, June 30, the arrivals by sea at Port Adelaide have been 6,487j and the number left during the same period is 9,0fl5. Loss to the colony of 2,578. The guards who for some t-me have been detained at A'exand.ia havj been ordered to Cyprus. 