CHAPTER HI. WHAT WAS IN THE NEWSPAPER. Returning to tee parlour for the third time -' I found my father's place vacant, and Lydia. folding up her work, " Has he gone to bed ?" I asked. " Oh, no. He ia gone into Mr. Wellmore's ■ room to have a wash and brush up, as he calls < it. He is coming down to play whist after - ail." - t Mr. Wellmore was our second-floor lodger —a gentleman of whom the reader will hear more concerning presently—a troublesome lodger, though Lydia would never agree with me in this, but who was very often con siderate in his way. Always on the 4tb of' November did he vacate his second- floor rooms for father, and disappear for four-and twenty hours. He knew we had no rooms to spare, and that my father was an old man and did not see his daughters very often. Mr. Wellmore was obliging enough to sur render up his lodgingB and depart from the Eremises. Oh! he could be very obliging if e liked—but he did not always like. And he could make himself very disagreeable if he liked, and he did like to do that very often, too—at least, I thought so. And that is all I can say of Mr, Wellmore yet awhile, save that he had asked me twice to be his wife, and 1 had said on both occasions very calmly and decisively thatl couldn't think of it—not I, indeed. 1 suppose I must have had that night a - speaking face—that is, a face that betrays a good deal, and is very uncomfortable and " unreliable" always to its. owner—or else Lydia's glasses were extra strong that event ing, for after a pause she added to her last piece of information— "You don't want to play whiBt with father?" " No," I answered frankly," 1 want him to go to bed." " I often fancy yon don t care for your father so much as I do—and yet I am only his step-daughter. How's that r' " I don't know," I replied, " I don't seem to care for him very much at times." " Maud, you have a hateful way of talking," said Lydia." He—he has not thought so much of us as he might have done—hasn't ever seemed to want to see na, has been glad to keep away from ns, even in that rubbishing, lonely little house at Norwood—has never looked after us properly; but has let us run wild and grow up anyhow," " Has anything happened to yon to-night?" ] -asked Lydia quietly. "No. Why?" „ . iV , . «\ou don't generally go on u that dissatis fied strain. You and Ella have not much to -complain about. You both try to have your -own way in everything, and you generally get it. If you two run wild and grow up anyhow, as you say, whose fault is that? .Not mine," she added, very gravely, "for you two bang together, and don?t care for me much. And not the old man's fault upstairs; you musn't put the blame on him." " I am not blaming anybody," I muttered, -as I sat before the fire. I am only in a bad - temper to-night—put out a little. Don't take J any notice, Lyd. I don't mean to be dis agreeable—there !" - " Is it because Ella has gone out, and you ■are, as you sometimes call it—slaving at heme ?" "No, no,"I said; "Ilike Ella to go out. She droops indoors, and—and she is so happy when she is going out—when there is some thing to look forward to, as she calls it." " So are you," said Lydia; " that's the worst of it." ... I heard the heavy sigh, and was sorry to hear it too. I knew what it meant, and I might have attempted a little consolation or assurance that it was not our wish to escape her, to leave her always in the house alone, that made it pleasanter to get away from business than to stay at home. It was not that with me, at any rate. Of late days—for the last few months—I had learned to regard Lydia somewhat differently, and the feeling was growing with me, not dying out: tuna why that was will be explained later on with \- all the explanations I am putting off, for I do bate explanations very much indeed. "Don't let us say any more to-night about thiB," I said, a little wearily. " Oh, but I have such a lot to say," said Lydia, very bluntly now, "and I have in tended to say it all day, too. And I can't \- speak before father." " No, not exactly." " I know that you and Ella are deceiving | me. I don't want your confidence, you two," -she cried, quite warmly: "but don't try to throw dust in my eyes. That's not fair." " I don't know what you mean," "Yes you do." " I can only guess." " Guess that Ella is in danger, and you and "I don't try to help her." " I can trust Ella. I do help her." " Help her to drift downward, Maud. That is all you can do." "/ can trust Ella," I repeated again, frith extra emphasis. " I know how good and brave and honest a girl she is, ana that she can take care of herself aB well as any woman ever did. I would stake my existence on Ella: I" " Where is she to-night?" she asked, " is it so great a Becret? Are you bote so very much ashamed of it ?" " Ashamed!" " Ashamed to tell me." " Ella said you would make a fuss." " Very likely. Where is she ?" asked my i half-sister again. It was a leading question, and not easy to reply to. "Dont say anything to Lydia," had been Ella's last instructions to me. My half-sister saw my hesitation, and ; said— " You told father she was at the PageB," " She went to the Pages first." "And from there?" " I would rather not say," I replied. " Ah ! that's better than telling lies," said Lydia bluntly, "and I don't think, girl"— \- and here her hand rested for an instant heavily on my shoulder—" that you make a good liai." I did not flush up and answer saucily as a young woman might have done, as I had . always been in thehabit of doing. I had lost all my high spirits that evening, my facility | of retort, my sharp way of answering any thing to which I objected. There was some thing on my mind; I felt myself, for onoe, in the wrong. I bad very grave doubts myself \- of Ella's wisdom; I had told her bo ; I had persuaded her, to her surprise, to give it all up, and she bad laughed at me, and said, " I was getting as bad as old Lyd." And in her own wilful, hard way, she, so full of light and life, so bright and self-reliant, went away from Fisher-street early in the evening to dress at the Pages for the dance. " I'm sorry it's dad's night," she had said, "but I have promised, and I should offend Walter very much if I did not go with him to the ball; and the tickets are bought, and oh! it will be a very happy night. It will be something to look back upon, to feel happy again in thinking it all over." It will be something to look back upon! That was a true prophecy at least. My father came down quite fresh-coloured and renovated, and altogether a different being. He had buttoned up his shabby \- surtout coat—he always buttoned up his coat when he wished to look particularly well dressed—and he declined the easy chair with a deprecatory wave of his right hand. " Let us begin whist," he said, " I will take dummy, and we will play for penny points." " It is a good deal of money," said Lydia, who was always carefuL " My dear, you are just as likely to win as to lose." But Lydia and I had been never able to win against father and dummy. Father was a very good whist player, and played a strict game, which always worried Lyaia and put me out of temper. I may as well say at onoe that I had not a wonderfully good temper, and cards—which I did not like—tried me to the uttermost. We wanted Ella to keep us laughing with her odd remarks, her quaint turns of speech,Jthe fun that she would have made even out of our little family card party; we missed her directly we began. " Ella will be home in time for a rubber, I -daresay," my father said at onoe, "Ella and I against you two. I am disposed to make a might of this. I feel so much better since sponging my head in cold water; all that swimmineBS has gone to whioh I strongly <ebjeot,and whichalwayBcomeson Founders Day. i wish you had sent that pickpooket -looking scamp for the brandy, after alL Isaac, wasn't his name ?" "I can run across in a minute," I said. I did not like the idea of running across to the Feathers, which was a noisy house, where were many Irish, and a few foreigners, and innumerable annoy old women before the bar by tbis .time, but 1 wished to be agreeable, and to make up for Ella. j "If you would, Maud," said my father, - after the first game, " I shall be extremely -obliged to . you. I would go myself if I had | not taken my boots off" If we had not taken his boots off he meant. " I will go," Baid Lydia, very decisively. "Just as yon like, my dear child," said my father, " it does not matter in the least who goes. Your deal, Maud, and do for mercy's -sake pay a slight amount of attention to the I game, and don't stare over my bead so. Is anything behind me. " Nothing particular." "It makes me nervous," he added. "I have been unstrung by the Bight of Maokness: 1 have been lorded over by Slackness ; and I want to settle down now, and be comfort able. I want to forget him," "He's not worth talking about, dad," I said. " No, he's a mean nound," said my father, " I wonld not have treated him so had I been up in the world and he down. I would have been the most munificent of patronB, I—two by honours and five by cards, I am fortunate to-night." With such luck as my father's, the second game waequickly over, and Lydia and 1 both rose together for the honour of fetching the brandy for him, _ Lydia was nervous in a crowd 1 knew, objected to spirits altogether, and easily caught cold—I was younger ana quicker. I ran up for my hat before Lydia was at the foot of the stairs, but when I came down Lydia had vanished. She had opened the shop-door, and gone across bare-headed. My father had lighted his briar-wood pipe, and was sitting quietly at the table waitmg for us both to return. " How tiresome she is," I exclaimed. " She does not like the idea of you're going into the public at this time of night," said my father, "one of the Protheroea, at an open counter, purchasing a quartern of brandy is not a nice sight for the gods. Ah! I had a wine cellar once in which I could lose myselt, and every bottle in it was worth half a guinea on the average. And—great heaven! what a draught. Lydia has left the shop-door open surely." "Shall I shut it!" " Shut it, by all means, my dear. The row in the street is deafening, and tries my head. I wouldn't live in such a den as this for all the world." I went into the shop. The noises in the street were many and varied at this hour of the night. The Feathers was close to us, and people were either noisy or disputatious there from 9 till 12, more disputatious than merry towards the latter hour, and settling little differences of opinion in the street with clenched fists and bad language, and an excited cockatoo screaming from women who invariably mingled in the fray and clawed right ana left indiscriminately. No—not a street in which any one would live from choice. Still there was no dispute at The Feathersj net then—there wob a little laughing, and cabs were rattling from the theatres, making short cuts, to the Strand or Oxford street, and stray youths were still fore stalling the next day's celebration by flinging damp squibs and crackers about, and there was a penny whistle being vociferously blown by a dreadful boy a few doors off, and there were two hoarse-voiced, iron-lunged men striding down the middle of the road shouting, "Terrible Murder in the City I Terrible Murder this evening in the City Terrible Murder — Great Murder in the City 1" This was the murder, the details of which Isaac Garboush would have horrified me with at an earlier period of the evening had I stopped to listen to him—the murder in which I should not have believed from the ravings of these late night-birds with their papers—but which, on that occasion, was like the grim chorus to a tragedy, and which seemed suddenly and strangely to me like a tragedy, in which I had a part to play. When I opened the door widely to admit Lydia, who came tripping across the gutters, with a white handkerchief over her hair, the men were in front of our shop, and bawling the news into the premises. It had a blood curdling effect upon me, but Lydia was more practical, and cool, and ourious. " It will interest dad," she said, dispensing an extra penny in the purchase of a paper. Then the shojpaoor was shut, and I followed Lydia, who bore the brandy and the news paper into the parlour. My father was sitting where we had left him, but he had turnedas white as a ghost. The florid colour on his cheeks had entirely vanished, and I could hear his teeth chatter ing against the amber stem of his pipe. The horrible news that had been called out in theBtreet had startled and unnerved him, and he looked from me to Lydia a strange, scared way. " What's that ? what's happened ?" he en quired. " What do they say out there ?" " There's been a murder in the City," said Lydia, " I have bought you a paper." " I don't want to read it," he said, speak ing very quickly and irrelevantly, "I can't read it without my glasses—I'll read it in the morning—give me the paper, will you ? Why do you" Then he slipped off hie chair to the ground, and fainted away. I gave a scream, and Lydia looked as if she were going to faint too, but she quickly re covered herself, opened our back window for air, and sprinkiedT some water on my father's forehead. " He is subject to these faints, Maud," she said, " I have often known him have them before. Don't be frightened. He will come round in a minute." And he did, sitting up and looking with some surprise at the disordered condition of his rusty black stock and waistcoat. " Spades are trumps, I think," were his first words, as he rose slowly to his feet, assisted by his step-daughter and myself. I looked at the newspaper—I had sharp eyes and saw that the murder case wai folded outwards—and I quietly slipped it behind me, and went into the shop with it.. Before I put it on the shelf along with the new hat which the Worshipful Company of Spicera had endowed my father, I felt drawn to glance at the newspaper again—compelled, as it were, to know a little more concerning it. And I saw that the name of the murdered man was one Richard MackneBB, a merchant in Mincing-lane. 