The Novelist. Ishmael. BY M. E. BRADDON. . ATJTHOB OP " LADY ATTDLEY'S SECRET" "VIXEN," «THE GOBDEN CALF/' &C;, &O.; CHAPTER XXXVII.-" LET HIM DRINK AND FORGET HIS POVERTY. Half au hour later and the festival was heg niïtg to wane. Above the many coloured lig] of the garden-rose coloured lights, azure, a amber, and sapphire, and emerald, a fairly il mination, the moon was sloping westward, wh the clear cold eastern sky grew clearer, cold brighter, with an Almost ghastly brightne ghastly in its effect upon some of those unmask faces talking, laughing, drinking in the gre circular marquee, still thronged with revelle: some of whom had been eating and drinking, ai talking and flirting for an hour and more, wk others had gone away and come back agai and while some had only just torn thei selves away from the ball room to cor in at the fag-end of the feast. _ The mo sober among the revellers were going hom scared, by that opal light in the east. Fad< beauties had resumed their masks. Mystificati« was rife ; some among the revellers all the mo easily puzzled, perhaps, after their enjoyment the Clavaroche champagne, which was of the be brand ever landed on the quays of Bercy yonde where, before the aristocratic night was over, tl docks would be astir with the beginning of tl working day. ; In the ballroom the waltzers were revolving i a strange wild music, a Cossack melody, dissonan almost diabolical in its shrill minor, with strange staccato accompaniment of violoncell« and double basses, as of a dance of witches roui a cauldron. The flame of the candles, the flas of crystals, the interwoven rose garlands made cloud of rosy light above tho dancers, the mirrb] on the wall reflected and multiplied* the niotle throng, until it seemed an endless carniva stretching into infinite distances. ,The clocks of Paris were stiking three whe Ishmael re-entered the ball room with Lady Cor stanco on his arm, on tho way to her carriag* For more than an hour they had sat talking i the shadow of tho magnolias, while the light fee of pleasure passed and. repassed upon the velve lawn. He had told her his real name, and th story of his boyhood at Pen Hool, his ster mother's jealousy, his father's indifference. H had not even shrunk from the terrible revelation of his mother's guilty flight-but this ho ha* touched on with but fewest words. The detail of disgrace were untold ; it was only in extenúa tion of his father's .unkindness that he confesse< his mother's dishonour. But of his marriage, and of Pâquerette's sit ho said nothing. It waB enough, in bis own mind that he had spoken of a tie, now severed. Con . stance would draw her own inferences. He coule not bring himself_ to enter upon the miserabli story of his wedded life. v :And now they were going to part for a few hours ; with the sweet certainty of meeting daily of being together in a privileged companionship day by day, until the hour of those espousals which should blend two lives into one. Each fell that in the other lived the one friend and com panion who could make existence perfect. There was a sympathy, a sense of truthfulness and 1 security rarely felt even between true lovers. Two minds that had ripened slowly in the double school of thought and experience, two hearts tried . and tested, bound themselves in a solemn and sacred union-and in neither was there the shadow of wavering. Each knew that this union of heart and mind meant true and lifelong love.. As they crossed the ballroom they were met by Amélie, with her three-cornered hat stuck jauntily : on one side¿ and her eyes sparkling with mischief. " Such fun !" she exclaimed to Lady Constance; " the two poets are here. The little Vicomte, dressed as Ronsard-such a pretty costume-only he has to explain it to everybody, and even then ^uine put of ten have not the least idea who Ron sard was j people are so ignorant," added the col umbine contemptuously. " Yes, people are ignorant," said Keratry, laughing at her. " I don't think you knew much about Ronsard till I told you half an hour ago. Yes, Lady Constance, they are both here. The Í)Oor devil who scrawls in a garret ; and the dainty ittle man who publishes his carmine sedition with Firmih-Didot. The petitcreve and the teinturier, '., and I'm afraid after the manner in which I saw the teinturier disposing of the Clavaroche cognac in the buffet just now, there may be an explosion of some kind before he leaves the ball." "How did he get here ?" asked Constance, who had been told all about that literary interview in the quartier Latin. " I can guess how it all came about," exclaimed . Amelie, who was always eager to give informa tion. "Hortense has been plaguing the poor little Vicomte to write some verses about this ball, descriptive, satirical, personal, the sort of thing to set half Paris by the ears j and knowing bas own incapacity the little wretch has extorted j a card from Madame Clavaroche, and has brought hiq friend from the quartier Latin-the author of Mes nuits blanches." "Mes nuits blanches" repeated Ishmael. "What do you know of the man who wrote that book, Mademoiselle ?" . ' , ? "Ah, Monsieur Ishmael," cried Amelie; "is that you? How can you venture to wear the cap of liberty in a house which is Imperialist to the last degree ? What do I know of the author of Mes nuits blanches ? Very little; but ho and Monsieur de Keratry aro like brothers." You know Hector do Valuois?" said Ishmael; " and he is here to-night 1" "A man who wrote a book of verses called .Mes nuits blanches is here to-night, dressed as François Villon, and I am afraid not in a condi tion to do credit to the Muses," replied do Keratry; "bitt as the father of our lyric poets was an. arrant Bohemian; arid blackguard, that hardly matters. "Were Villon herein the flesh hi would no doubt be as drunk as his representative The man I mean calls himself Monsieur Nim porte, and lives in a little street at the back of thi Luxembourg. Do you know his real namè an< his history ?" " I knew something about him many yean ago," answered Ishmael, as he passed on to th< vestibule with Constance on his arm. The court yard was full of carriages, and th< grave old street beyond was illuminated by th< long rows of carriage lamps, garish in the pearly light of morning.. Lady Constance and her com panion had to wait some time for her broughan to be brought up to the door. They stood side bj side under the marquise, amidst the orange tree! and rose bushes which decoraded the double flight of steps and the wide, stately doorway stood and talked to each other, happy in the new sweet sense of union. Yet no longer on Ishmael's part was the gladness without alloy. He was thinking of his false friend, tho traitor, thc seducer, tho destroyer. He was waiting witl feverish eagerness for the moment that was tc bring them face to face at last, after long years: by accident, in a crowded ball room. What matter where they met, so that they stood sword in hand, foot to foot, at last? As he parted with Constance at the door , of her brougham, and as he bent once more to kiss the gloved hand there was a gloomy vision before Iiis oyes. Ere the world were another day older this new de licious dream of life might end for him suddenly amidst the thickening shadows of a bloody death. He watched the carriage roll away in the circular sweep of the courtyard, through the pillared gateway, and then ho went back to the ballroom and to the garden beyond to look foi his enemy, the bitter foe whose face he had nevei seen since they parted in friendship, hand clasping hand, smiling lips uttering fair words. How diligently he had sought for thia man in the years that were past and gone, using all known means of search, employing those skilled in hunting down their fellow-men, and all his inquiries had been in vain. All his hired agents had failed, and now, upon this night above all other nights, the magical, ineffable hour in man's life, in tho first hour of triumphant love, he was told that the traitor was under the same roof that sheltered him, the injured husband. He thought of Pâquerette in the days of her innocence, unspoiled by the knowledge of evil, He thought of their child, lying in her little grave in the field of rest. He thought of Pâquerette's death, the ghastly story which he had heard a few hours ago-that lonely death on a rotten ship, far out in the lonely Pacific, and wa3 he to Bpare this man, when they should stand face to face P It was in the garden-chosen resort of the revellers and the drinkers-the people who eat half-a-dozen suppers in an evening, the men who would rather sit in corners and smoke and drink absinthe or kirsch than to waltz to the music of the first band in Paris, undea a shower of fading rose leaves. It was among the fast and fhe furious that Ishmael looked for his foe. The garden was crowded with maskers, and had a look as of a witch's Sabbath in the cold, clear dawn ; a light which gave a ghastly look to common things, and made the entrance to the great striped marquee, with its flare of light and clamour of voices and glare of gewgaw decoration, seem like the entrance to Tophet. Ishmael walked slowly in and out among the groups of revellers, half in the light of Chinese lanterns, lurid, multi-coloured, half in the steel- blue morning. He walked in and out by winding pathways, amidst great masses of evergreens, so arranged as to give an air of space and grandeur to the town garden? till he came to a group around a fountain -a wide marble basin, with a marble Triton spouting water high up into the morning air. A man was sitting on the broad margin of the basin, spouting verse-a man in a shabby mediaeval costume, rusty velvet doublet, black trunk hose, pointed shoes, a broken rope hanging loose about his neck, suggestive of that hangman's noose which Maitre Villon so narrowly escaped. A thin, wasted figure-a pale face, with iron-grey hair flowing in the morning breeze ; a sickly pallor that gave a spectral air .to the light blue eyes, just now illuminated with the fever of strong drink. "Bravo, Maitre Francois," cried the little audience, when the poet paused. Ishmael stood outside the circle, looking at the pale wan face, at the tremulous hands with which the poet , took bottle and glass frem one of his audience, and poured out a bumper of champagne. " Do you know, gentlemen, that Widow Cliquot and I have been strangers for years," he said, in his drunken voice, " a ta sante ma belle veuve, thou art the poet's only nepenthe." He drank a long'^ draught, and then flung his glass into the fountain, shattering it into splinters that flew like a shower pf diamonds across tho sparkling waters. "A Jewish wedding," he cried, "symbol of eternal union-the marriage of the poet and the queen of vineyards, la belle Oliquot." And then he burst again into verse, maundering verse, apot-pouri of Villon, Ronsard, Voiture j tho lees and rinsings of a memory that had ono 3 boen richly stored. His limbs had the spasmodic trembling of the absinthe-drinker. Those pale eyes of his had the look that forebodes a day when the brain behind them will be a blank. Ishmael pushed through the crowd, and gripped the troubadour by the snoulder. " Heotor de Valnois !" he said, in a loud voice, " you were once a man, and in those days you wero a consummate scoundrel, the seducer of the inno cent and simple, the betrayer of your friend. In those days-13 yoars ago-I wrote you a letter. I have been waiting for the answer over since. I am waiting still. In that letter I threatened to strike you in tho open street if wo two metbafore I was sure oi my revenge. I would strike you to-night here-spurn you like a dog, disgrace you before your fellowmen-i£ you were in your right sensea. But I would almoát as soon strike a woman as a drunken driveller like you. Foi1 to-night you are safe ; but unlesë you aré a coward lower than , coinnicm cowards} you will feend me au ttüsiVer to my letter to-morrow morning. You know mj name. I live in the Place Koyale." " Bravo, Monsieur Carmagnole, a la lantana with your foe !" cried the chorus round the I poet. I Ishmael had held that wasted figure in a firm grip, as he spoke, Ms fingers clutched in the collai i of the doublet. His loosed his hold suddenly; turned on his heel and walked away, the crowd parting before him. The poet broke into a peal of shrill laughter chuckled and crowed, rolled over in very exuber ance of hysterical mirth, and tumbled backwards into the fountain, amidst a chorus of laughter from the crowd. *. C'est épatant," said one. "On se tord," cried another; while a good Samaritan, dressed like the old provencal Blue beard, with ferocious azure moustachios, pulled the poet out of the marble basin. He looked round at them wildly, shivering in every limb. "Ishmael," he muttered, "Ishmael! the man whose life I saved on December 4. So much for gratitude. I'll go home. My coach, gentlemen, my coach, as Ophelia says in Shakespeare's play. Tieck and Schlegel is the best translation j not de Vigny, not even Charles Hugo. Thero is no good .French Hamlet. My coach, gentlemen. But whore is my friend, the little poet-Baude laire in miniature- Musset pour rire-Eonsard, Voiture, the little Vicomte de Pontchartrain ?" His voice rose shrill abovo the crowd, as he crossed the lawn towards the open windows of tho great rose-garlanded salon, where the dance was dying away slowly, softly in its last languid circles, to the waltz in Gounod's Faust. Two of those last dancors, Ronsard and a Grecian Sibyl, heard that drunken call from the threshold. To one it was a sound full of alarm. " Pardon me," said the Viscomte, letting fall his partner's hand, and leaving the white robed sibyl alone in the sea of dancers, deserted, desolate as Ariadne at Naxos, " I must go to my friend." And then, having darted across the room to the open window at which Valnois stood shivering in his wet black raiment, ashy pale, the very ghost of pleasure and revelry, Pontchartrain caught him roughly by the arm, and exclaimed "In heaven's name, como away! What do you mean by making a spectacle of yourself ?" "Only remembering the days that are gone Will you take me to my den in your carriage, or shall I go straight to Sainte-Anne ? I am fitter for the hospital than anywhere else-except my grave." They went out together. It was a hurried exit, which gave no opportunity for any adieu to Hortense. She had gone back to her mother, who was sitting on a divan in thé vestibule among a little cluster of chaperons, powdered a la Pom padour, gorgeous in brocade and diamonds, or with high curling heads a la Maintenant, yawning behind their fans, desperately weary. For the middle-aged, the end of such mirth is heaviness. Madame Jarzé sent some one in quest of the Columbine, who was one of the last dancers in this last waltz, but who answered the maternal summons reluctantly. "It is the last ball of tho season, mamma," she said discontentedly j " you need not hurry us away." " Hurry ! " echoed Hortense, chagrined at Apollo's desertion, why, " we have made ourselves a spectacle by stopping after all the best people have gone. Even Madame Clavaroche has dis appeared, and I behove the Baron went to bed ages ago." " Poor Baron, how pleasant it must have been to him to see people laughing at his wife," said Keratry. "This is the great advantage of a masked ball," replied Amélie, " one can laugh at one's best friends with every appearance of innocence. When we come to the Baroness's afternoon causerie next week we shall all be serious and toll her that she looked lovely as la belle Helene. 