TERRIBLE ACCIDENT AT THE CAULFIELD RACES. A JOCKEY KILLED AND MANY INJURED, SEVERAL HORSES KILLED, [By Telegraphl (FROM OUR own correspondent.) MELBOURNE, Sunday. - in the history of Australian racing there is no such unfortunate accident recorded as that which occurred in the Caulfield Cup on Saturday. The field of horses was, with a single exception, the largest that ever started for a race in the colonies; and that was when The Ghost won the Ladies' Trophy' at Caulfied in 1883,. when a field of 42 horses ran. All went , well in the race till the horses were approaching the turn, where Too Too had struggled to the front and was loading by a bare rock, with Claptrap hugging the rails on her left, and Sardius galloping immediately on her right. The turn, which is considered the most difficult part of the course, was yet some distance ahead, and the horses, who were well strung out in what is really the broadest stretch of the whole track, were crowding on the rails in' order to get the inside running for the rush up the straight to the winning-post. How Too Too came down is not known, even the riders of the leading horses holding different opinions as to what horses were really first down, or how they fell. The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she would be firing at the time, the most probable i theory-that favoured by many persons who were standing near the spot at the times that her front legs crossed with those of either Sardius or Claptrap, probably the former. From the stand the white jacket and ! blue cap the colours worn by the rider of Too Too seemed to sink suddenly into the ground. There was a clash of struggling horses ; silk-clad jockeys were hurled here and there in wild confusion, riderless and bridleless horses were dashing away, while others limped off injured, and four of the jockeys, with two horses, lay quite still upon the turf as if they had been killed outright. The crowd extended nearly down to the point where the accident occurred, and almost before the last horsohndcleared the inanimate group, the jockeys were picked up. It. was at once apparent that Donald Nicholson, one of the more popular of light-weight riders, had been killed instantly He was riding Lord Exeter, and, strange to say, the horse was never Knocked off his legs, but the shock hurled the rider with fearful violence against the white fence. His skull would seem to have been crushed in, and blood was also streaming from a gash across his mouth. Cracknell's chest was crushed in from a blow. He lay quite helpless, though conscious, being able to describe his injuries said to take a glass of water from those who helped him. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on the face, and he seemed to be worse than he really was. M'Grade, who had been on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly. His nose was broken in, one arm hung loosely, and what with the dust' and blood on his white face, those around thought that he also had been killed outright M'Grath, the rider of Prince Imperial, was like lying senseless, having received a blow on the head when his horse rolled over. The tiny rider Twomey lay stretched alongside his dead horse near ah, who had been instantly killed. Atfii'otit seemed that both the" horse and jockey were in the same condition, and the commiseration in? t i tiny boy lying on the end of the stretcher was greater on account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sedan-., was one of the first down, and as the first hot-see- beehives to roll on top of him, his escape from instant death was a miracle. He too was picked up utie-oii.sci- iu.s, suicide, from concussion of the brain. Some of the rider- were aW i to walk, and others who assisted to the casualty room, while stretchers had to be furnished for five. At the casualty room the injured riders were attended by Drs. Fitzgerald, Williams, O'Brien, and others. His Excellency, who had arrived not long before the race, . went down to,ini'.ko inquiries as to their condition, and, on learning the nature of the accident, he at once left the- course. Mr. Speight, the chairman of the Railway Commissioners, volunteered to run a special train into Melbourne, so that those who were worst injured might best, according to the Melbourne Hospital. They were placed two and two upon stretchers and carried through a lane of people to the railway station, mounted troopers being required to keep the path clear. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was taken to the Alfred Hospital, and the dead body of Donald Nichol- son was taken to his home at Richmond. Nicholson, who was regarded us the best light- weight rider in Australia, was 27 years of ago, and his parents live at Ballarat. As a jockey, he had the reputation of residing most determined finishes. His chief successes were the Sydney Cup, on Normanby; ula great Metropolitan Stakes,' on Masquorado ; the Autumn Handicap, on Empress ; the A. J. Plate, on the Drummer; the Mai of Produce Stakes, on First Demon ; the Sydney Handicap, on Waxy; and four Epsom Handicaps on Masquerade, Waxy, Master Avenel, and Espiegle respectively, besides riding many winners of lesser events. The horses that came down were Sardius, Tom Brown, the Israelite, Despot, Prince Imperial, Impulse, Country Boy, Claptrap, Kingship, Tar pera, Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, Too Too, and Urarah. Claptrap, one of the leaders, made a gallant effort to escape by jumping over Too Too as she fell, but Sardius as he too went down, brought him to grief., Traban got off wonderfully well, and was able to ride the winner affor- wards in the Windsor Handicap, Hutchins being the only other one of those who came down who was able to take a mount afterwards. T. Brown, the rider of Too Too, although in the very thickest of the mills, escaped almost without injury, but the mare, who was galloped over by a lot of horses, lay for some time on the ground' apparently dead; but "she afterwards rose and got away with some difficulty. The first three horses down were Too Too, Claptrap, and Sardius. Prince Imperial was so close at their heels that he seemed to full with them ; then Tom Brown, Despot, Impulse, Country Boy, Kingship, and Tarpeia fell almost in a bunch, while Marie Louise, who was galloping with this group, was just far enough out to avoid the horses that came down in front of her. Amongst the last to fall were Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, and Urarah,'' the latter being instantly killed. The fearful nature of the accident was shown in the condition of the horses as they rose. Prince Imperial-and Sardius had their bridles torn away, while the saddle on the last-named was turned completely round. Tom Brown's saddle was also broken and hanging in fragments. Some other horses, came into collision, but they were able to keep their legs. Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown while the Sydney horse' was struggling to rise. The shock was so , great that Plausible was turned completely round, and Power, thinking that his horse was injured, dismounted. Lord Wilton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being knocked forward out of his saddle by the shock, clung to his horse's neck, and came out all right. Amongst the horses most inji. vd wore the three who came down first two of whose 'story, as already stated, came off almost scatheless. Saturday is perhaps the worst of' them, and it is very unlikely that he will be out again this spring. Clivpttap, who was very lame, was got to the stables with difficulty, and placed under treatment. It was at first' thought Just Too Too would have to be destroyed, but sin improved afterwards, and can be got round. Sirocco was also cut about a good deal, but the others seemed very little the worse for the mishap. On the arrival of the special train which brought the sufferers to Melbourne, Stretchers were procured, and Cracknell and McGrath were carried on to the Melbourne Hospital, Dr. Williams, who had come from the course with them, attending to them on the way. M'Grade and the lad Twomey followed on another stretcher. The tidings of the accident had preceded them, and every preparation was made for their reception into the casualty-room. Drs Fitzgerald, Purdey, and Mollison were in waiting, assisted by Dr. AV iUiams. Cracknell, who is 39 years of age and resides at Newmarket, appears to have fallen on his left side. His ribs have become disjointed from the breast bone, and have been driven completely under it. He is also injured in- ternally, but it is not known to what extent. Hit, right thigh is considerably bruised and cut, and the shock which he sustained was so severe that it displaced his heart. McGrath who also lives at Newmarket, was suffering from a fracture of the base of the skull. Edward M'Grade, aged 25 years, is a resident of Randwick, Sydney. His right shoulder-blade is fractured and his nose is broken. Twomey in the least hurt of those in the Melbourne Hospital, having- had his ribs fractured. He has been treated at this institution previously for injuries received in a me. "and to treat of Sirocco, had his jaw broken, but his case was not considered serious enough to warrant his removal to the hospital, and he was taken home. Cracknell and M'Grath were unconscious when they were admitted to the hospital; but they soon regained their senses. The doctors were with the patients continually until Sunday morning. They expected that Cracknell and McGrath would not live the, night out, but as time wore on their condition improved. A Having their constitutions weakened by the effects of training, the medical men considered that the Jockeys find less chance of recovering than would a. man who enjoyed fair health Many of their friends, including the Hon. W. Pearson and Mr. Mayo, visited the sufferers to-day. Dr. Fitzgerald, has taken charge of the cases of the four men in the Melbourne Hospital. Just before the crash came Nicholson,callcdtlio attention of the jockeys beside him to the fact that Lord Exeter was pulling him out of the saddle. He had just remarked, " Haven't I got a soft thing to-day, when he went down and was killed Robert Wyman, the rider of Sardius, who sustained concussion of the brain, had so far improved at the Alfred Hospital this evening as to be able to converse with the doctors. 