SPORTING WOT«a. EVENTS TO COME, MoUHf OamIiibr,-July \ and 2, Nominations, June 8, Weights, Juno 18, Acceptances, June 20, Night of general entry, Juno 80. The Aoo is now located afc tho farm of the Messrs, Davis of Q.B, F]at, and will be at the eeryico of brocdoro iu tho Mount Gambief district during tho forthcoming Beaaon. Tho Ago was a raoohoreo in hie time, and as he poBBGBaeg good looks combined with Btoufe breeding no doubt hia oorvicoa will bo appro* ciated by owners of good marcs, E, Q. Rox and hia home Defamation (aigniQoant name I) have beon diequalitied by the V,It,G, lor malpraotioea at the lata Warrnambool meeting, It ia proposed to aond a team of Now Zea« laud footballora home to England- that ia, if the financial part of tho matter oan be arianged. Tho oast of tho vonturo would bo at leaat £3000. Mr. Thomas Ilaydoa, Secretary of the Victoria Trotting Club, haB invontod a novel and usoful apparatus for racoooursea. It is in tho ahapo of a scratching indicator, and telegraph board for the numbers of horses and names of jockeys, Tho apparatus will be connected with tho secretary's office by electrioity, and on a horae's name being handed in for soratohing, tho clerk presses a button, corresponding to the number of the horso on the oard, whon a bell riugs, and the numbor immediately appears on the boar4 outside. On tho maohine is also a clock, giving tho official time, togethor with two dials, one denotiug tho starting time of the uuxt race, and tho othor the timo of tho pre coding race. Provision, is, moreover, made for jockey's names as they aro weighed out, The invention has bceu paientod, Tho June race meeting at Moonee Valley has beon further postponed, iu order that the traok may he thoroughly dry and sound, Tho^ whole of the 04 nomioations for the Victorian Waterloo Cup havo been taken up, Thoro aro threo or four surplua applications. At a salo of racehorsco at Molbourno on Wednesday tho St. Albans oolt, Bonnio Duudeo, was bid for up to 7S0 guineas, and passed in, tho reserve of 900 guinoas boing announced. Royal Maid was knocked down to Mr. Cowan at 370 guineas. Graco Dar ling fetahed 400'guinfas, and Mr. J. Wilson secured Lucky Hit at a similar figure, The Ghost realised 200 guineas, and Ulverstono 27i> guineas. The 100' h Epsom Dorby, run last woek, is notablo from tho fact that it afforded the lirst instance of a Middle-park Plate winner being succceaful in tho English blue riband of tho turf. Tho groat Newmarkot two. year-old raoe waa inatitutud in tho year 1806, and yot tho Derby charm has only juat been broken by Melton. Of previous Dorby win nors, Pretondor, Kingcraft, and Galopm had, as two,year.ol(la, run third for tho Middle park Plate. It is also singular that a Mari nyruong Plate winner has never yot won the Victorian Durby, Molton also won the Criterion Stakes and Now Stakes as a two yenr-old, and as the crack jookoy Archer rodo him mostly that season, it may be asaumod^ ho had tho mount in the Dorby, which will bring his score up to four victo ries, tho previous onos being Silvio, Bend Or, and Iroquois, A now horseshoe ia now being made ia America, It ia in two parts, tho upper de signed to remain permanently upon the foot, where it will last for an indelinite time, as no wear comes upon it; the other, that whioh contains tho oorks, and whioh is joined to tho upper in an ingenious manner. The lower halves of tho shoes aro inter changeable-sharp corks fur ice weather and dull ones for heavy draught horses, or they may bo removed entirely at night to prevent injury to tlio animal whilo in the stall. A correspondent, writing from Charlton, Victoria, forwards a rhymo on tho racehorse Skylark, an animal onco well known on.the turf in the Sjuth-East, It may not, per haps, be quite up to the form of Lindsay Gordon or Whyto- Melvillo; yet we have pleaauro in complying with tho wish of the author, that it ahould appear in print i TO SKYLARK. (Fqr tho sako of old tlmea.) Tla not of tho songetor you've heard o'er tho ocean. Far up in tho heavens at broaklng of day, My rhymo la concocted, though, Sir, I've a notion Tho subject's deserving a worthier lay. Ho's black with tho glimmer that's seen on thoscalskin; His head ia clean, wiry, and honcat and gatno; Ilia neck la <v light ono, nla limbs aro to atcelkln, Hia eye bright, though gentle, hia nostrils a flams; Behold the deep cheat that tho " cobwebs " bequeath him, Tho turn of his quartera, hia length of forehand j And noto tho bent hocks, bringing hind limbs benoatb him, Till the strldo of tho groyhound ia his at command; Tho' oft at the flag fall he'd drop to tho rearmost. Till, skimming each poal he Jay far behind, ! From tho crowd of too onlookers hoarse you could hoar mo3t Tfa° CbUnd°f' " U°'8 Wait'ng" no'U KaU°PtheD* And thon^ when thoy ontered tho straight run, and Ilia hardost each jock urged his horso to the van. How oft from tho rear rank tho old horso eamo striding And first past tho post like a phantoru he ran Oh, how to tho echo wo cheered the old hero, Aa stainless ho stood while his rldor was weighed As calm and collected ns Emperor Noro * . Who in Home's conflagration tho violin played. Now, whether he takoth his case on tho clover* a ,ueatl1 t'le turf ho so merrily trod, A better or braver horso nover stood over n""°'cut clean hoof whizzing ohlpa from the sod, For saku of tho old times I send salutation, And craving indulgence here furnish ft toast That timea full a score was rccoived with ovation By dwellora to westward and down by the coast. It is this, briefly Btated and shorn of the honor That erst could entwine it when spoken, but hark For tho sentiment's good if a duffer tho donor, "To tho black horse a bumper I fckylark, lads I Skylark!" ' " 