A bad under.pinning often makes much ,heals.w!ithlarge otuctures andoemoall- bjci'e.' A sociable man is one who,- when he 'has ten minutes to spare, goes and bothers some body who hasn't. "4It;is said- that'Bismarckbhia san dy oen Egypt. The other is engaged in watching the horns of the.Reichstagi .to ,az.i An old maid may toss her head and laugh at the idea of marriage, but in that very laugh she goes, " He I hel he Ie l. , . .' .;.. . Some one has written a work on ` How to; grow old." It strikes us the best Wiay.to,; grow old is notto dic.young . ,.... , ' " Ie that loves noise must boyapig," says, . a Spanish proverb. .In most cases a babyt. will answer just as well. The latest invention is a clasp tofasten, the bedclothes to the. bedstead, and.keep, restless husbands from " kicking ithi kiver off" theirspouses .. '. Don't fret if you cannot, go: into society The oyster is often present at a supper when, he would perhaps prefer to be at home in?. his bed._, It is a great misfortune.not to have mind enough to talk well, nor judgment enough to be silent. . . Apollo was held to be the godof physic and sender of diseases. Both were originally of, the same trade, and still continue., .' My smoking days are over," as the fac. tory chimney remarked when it.was con. , demned as injurious to public.health. He was going down town yesterday, with two dozen eggs in a paper bag, when the bot tom fell out. However, with a little paste. the bag can be made as good as ever .. r One evening, at a social gathering, a young lady played a piece of music consisting of . twenty-four pages. The press man, in re ferring to it next day, said: " They were favored with music by the guire. , .,. A French wit, of a post-office turn of mind, evolves the following : "A married. woman.,; is a letter which.has reached its address. A young girl is a letter not yet addressed. An; old maid is a letter which has been forgotten 'and'sent to the dead-letter office.". It was his first dinner, at which he found a "programme printed in French, and, after examining the bill of fare intently from top to bottom, he called to the waiter, and point ing to the word "'menu" at the top,. said, "?etch md a dish of that for a start.' A lawyer walked down the street yester 'day with his length of arm taxed to hold a lot of law books. "Why,' I thought you, carried- all that stuff in your head 1" " I1 do," quickly replied the lawyer, with a know iug wink. "These are for the Supremo Court judges." " The worst thing in connection with this sort of business is,"' said the bank cashier to himself as he. packed the valuables. away in his valise, that .sne..has got to. leave the country;; but," he.added, as lie made 'sure that the safe was entirely empty, .'" the country is the only thing that I will leave.'! Aid it was. S"Give me the money borI shall be forced to do a thing that.1 have neveryetbeen able to do ini my life." ?fonsieur. d. Tac. took.. out his pocket-book, gav's it to the robber,:. and said to liim, 'Now that you have strip-... peod me, may I ask 2what. you would have done 1" The bandit lookld, at his, victim coolly, asid replied,' I should have worked."? The youngest officer who fought at Water loo is dead. Dead, rewiember. Dead as a stone. Dead as a doornail. Dead certain. After this anybody (t'am now instructed by the proprietor to say),who sends this paper a paragraph about the' death of a Waterloo v, veteran must pay for it as an'iid 'ertisemint, with the understanding alsothatitisinserted at his own proper peril. A masher attracted some attention:-in Collins street lpst week by reason, of his 'collar, on which was pencilled, `!Pay Jones 3 as.;" " hair oil and tobacco," " Mary Smythe,'a Sand sundry other notes. .He had,in amo- m . ment of forgetfulness, put one of his cuffs on his neck without noticing that it was the. identical one which he had previously usedas a memorandum book.. He wanted a kiss, but didn't know how to t ask for it, and was so honest that he would not steal it, so he said-" Ethel, I notice that you are fond of kissing babies,'" when she. stopped him by quietly remarking-" You are mistaken, George, for I have never shown r my regard for you that way." He did not " finish his speech. , • Hatters complain of a depression in trade. Let them use stiffer material in their work, and then depression will be impossible unless with a loaded stick. Of course it is a trade where lack of work will be little felt. The United States' has .17,000 dentists practising. Great Cresar's ghost I What a standing army. They alone.could pull their country out' of any awkward trouble, and few nationswould care'to fice them and their forceps.' They 'thrive because 'Yankees are inordinately fond of restaurant pie."' " I was examining a witness in a. case once," said a well-knoin .lawyer, '"and..he was very drunk. It was about a horse, for , which 'damages were wanted by the owner on account of a botch which a horsd;clipper had madd in shaving the animal's taiL. This witness hidu seen the i·ork done.', r asked him if he had held, the horse'sitail While it" was being shaved. Ile shut one eyoe and,'., •looking at me fittlith other; h~l answered : - JZshat wisbh ? ie of zshom (hie) .'os~ss zshat couild'holdhits own talk' I-last the Case." "y"'liyourememher thatgreatiaesadoesnot depenid)on.si e.. The bull-ant is gr'ti?the . :giraffx is big. you ojill recgnise the truth of this axiom when ,yoitake youribetsj 'irl to a r p nin and warB16ilote Wsords to her whileoin: a aRt-hill. So Wtill the girlif she sits:noton your knee, and-does.not- keep well covered that portion-of-her which -is, acrordingo to civilistl ihshion;covered well with thelatest and'most hlluringaohosfen._ In thehastiness '61 getting., up ?ou will proablyswear, but let not that trouble you, for your girl villbo - by that time far away, and in some secret " spot where the wicked eye of man caniot see her removing bull-antlfrom amidst her under . garmenture." . SA man caught a fltithelad at Quecnseliff the other day which had a Waltham watch in its stomach. It was a log-b.headed flathead that chose that particular kind of watch to - swallow. The question may now be argued ; by anyone who has the'time-which I have not-as to whether- the tish in question took the bait'in Order to-havre the watch-wound up if even on. a line. The manager of the Waltham Watchl Cqapnny eill--if he hap. pens to.see it-.bo.uble to judge from this paragraph that I;ii?nrone of the persons who have a morbid anti?athy:to anachronism, The Waltham watch Thould Ee in the- pos. - session, of 'eOriy. nsWntimuons- historisit of the dayjthe earortoh'ci age The gold chror \- nometer sort is most to my tpste, though ecefh : a really goodvilver ope woKld be herished by me as an oieiroom :Thisis not intended as ah iit, though, if it should be. takenis : such: the-er- testimonial to my talnot. might be sent to-me in caren of the editor, and--um --a policeman. It is always well" to be ln the safe dside even of your friends. The safe side of .your friends' is the.blind side. '. , : ' ': 'Tis swkeet to hEaur on mouift lako 1 Thevoice of one we lover SSuch scenes will oft emotiofi'wake . : That lead to thoughts above. -'Tis s eet to still the soun'ds of strife, -Aid soothe those'whiohavebled; ;. But. qothings ehalofso'swdet in life : : 'At 'lying late in 'bed. - "You're snittoin. n the style,' Mary,"- h' e---: said, bending over the chai int which sie sati":, 