..A Dead Man's Face. .A GHOST STORY. BY. TIHE AUTHOR oF "CALLED BACK." .i- . ", (Concluded.) Both bride, and ,bridegroonm said their "I S wills " in' such low tones that T could scarcely hear their voices. Then, in pursuance of my duty, I gave the woman to the priest. He joined the hands of Claud and Judith. After having played my little part I had not moved back to my former station. I. was .now. :cl6ie to the bride, "and 'i Claud turned to her, could see his face to advantage. It was posi tively distorted with suppressed emotion of some kind. His mouth was. set, and. I could. see that his teeth were closed on his under lip.. He did not look at his fair bride. His gaze passed over, her shoulder. In fact, he seemed almost oblivious 'to her presence.. I was dreadfully frightened. The clergyman's voice rang out: ".I Claud, take thee, Judith, to my wedded wife.' Then, hearing no echo of his words, he paused. ; Repeat after ine,"he prompted. Againhe began,' "I, Glanud-" But his voice was drowned in a louder one, Swhich rang through the empty church. With a fierce cry, as of inexpressible rage, Claud had thrown the bride's hand from him, and was p','ointing and gesticulating toward the wall, upon which his eyes had been riveted. "Here !--even here !" he almost shrieked. "That cursed, white, wicked, dying face! Whose is it? Why does it come between me .:: anid my :love ? lMad'l M?ad! I' am going mad': . 'I heeded not the clergyman's look of dismay, 'or the bride's cry of distress. I thought of nothing but' my unfortunate brother. Here, at the moment which' should be the 'happiest he had yet known, the. gruesome hallucina 'tion had come back to him. I threw my arms round him and tried to calm him. ". It is fancy, dear boy," I said. "In a mo ment it will be gone." '" Gone! -Why does it come?. What have I! to do with this dying man? Look, Frank, look I: Something tells me if you look you will see it. There ! there'! Look there !" S His eyes were ever fixed on the same point. He. grasped. my= arm convulsively. 'I am ashamed to say that I yielded, and looked in the direction of his gaze. ~ " There is nothing there," I said, soothingly. "Look !":he exclaimed. "It will come to you as to me." It may have been the hope of convincing Claud of the illusionary nature of the sight which tormented him, it may have been some strange fascination wrought by his words and manner, which made me;for some moments gaze with him. God of Heaven ! I saw gradually forming out of nothing, gathering on the blank wall in front of me, a face, or the semblance of a face, white, ghastly, horrible ! Long, dank, wet-looking dark hair, eyes start ing .from their sockets, lips working-the whole appe.rance that of the face of a man who'is struggling with 'death: in every detail as Claud had described it. And yet to me that face was more terrible than ever'it could have 'been' to Claud. S.Igaied'in horror. I felt my eyes growing riveted 'to theosight. as his own. .I felt my whliole frame trembling. I knew .that in anbther mioment I should be raving as wildly as he raved; Only his hoarse vlhisper recalled me to my senses. , ",You see?:' he asked, or rather asserted. SHordroi forced the truth from me. "I see, or fancy I see," I answered. With a wild laugh Claud broke from me. 'Ho.rish'ed down the church and disappeared. 'Ashi hleft ine, the face; thank Heaven.! faded from tho:wall, or from my imagination.' : I turned to my companions. Judith Des "'pad ?hivis'ling in a dead swoon on the altar ::steps; the curate with trembling hands was loosening the throat of her dress. I called for water. The sexton brought it. I bathed the ` poor ivoman's temples, and in a few minutes 'she sighed,' opened her eyes, and then shud dered., ..took her in my. arms and staggered to the church door. The curate removed his " surplice aad followed me. I placed my almost i nseless burden in the carriage. "... or Heaven's sake, see her home," I. said tothe curate. "I must go and look after my li-' Pthe'. 'As soonas I have seen him I will come round to Mrs. Despard's. 'Got her home quickly. , The coachman knows where 'to go." The brougham drove off. I threw myself into a cab, and drove' toward Claud's rooms. .I hoped he might have gone straight there. To my great relief, when I reached his house 'he was on the door-step. We 'entered his room together;'he sank wearily into a chair, :and buried his face in his hands. I was scarcely less agitated than himself, and my face, as I caught its reflection in the mirror, wvas white as' 'his own. I'waited for him to speak.. Presently he raised his head. '"Go to her," lie said ':" Ask her why that face comes be tween us. .You saw it-even you. It can be , no fancy of mine. Tell her we can meet no more." ."I will wait until you are calmer before I ' Calm! I ammyself now. The thing has leftime,- as it vilwiiys does. Frank, I have hid den froni you one peculiarity of my state. That awful face never shows itself to me un less I am in her company. Even at the altar " it came between us. Go to her; ask her why 'it comies." ,I am ashamed to re-assert it; I am willing to ow? n that excitement, my brother's impres sive 'manner, superstition which I did not kliowI possessed-anything that may bear a .natural explanation-may have raised that . vision. But'why should that phantom, gather ing aiid growing from nothing until it at tained to form, or at least:semblance, have beon :the face of one :I had known? Why 'shduld the features distorted in deadly agony liave been 'those of my brother St'ephen? For his was the dreadful face which Olaud's prdoiiptings or my own imagination had raised. Almost like bne in a dream I went to do 'Claiud' bidding. I was thankful, upon reach ing Mrs. Despard's, to find that she had gone to her room, and left word that she could see no one to-day. This gave me time to consider the position. .Acting on a sudden impulse, I went to the telegraph office, and sent instructions to my Swife to forward me, by passengeir train, a small box in wvhich I kept old letters and papers. Then I went back to Claud, and after some persuasion induced him to leave town at once. I told him I would arrange everything on the morrow. 'He was better away. In the morning my box arrived. In it I found what I wanted. After the calm effects of a night's rest I felt ashamed of my weakness as I drew from old letters a photograph of my brother ,Stephen-one taken about two years before the repbrt of his . death' reached 'us. Nevertheless I put the portrait in my pocket, and about noon went to MIrs. Despard's. I was at once admitted, and in a few minutes .she came to me. She looked worn and hag gard, as if sleep had not visited her for nights. Dark circles had formed round her fine eyes; lines seemed to have deepened round her firm, passionate mouth. She advanced eagerly to ward me and held out her hand. I took it in silence. Indeed, I scarcely knew what to say or how'to act. "Where is Claud?" she asked, in a quick -voice, but scarcely above a wlhisper. " He has left town for a few days." She pressed her hand to her heart. "Does that mean I shall see him no more ?" "I am afraid I must say it does. He thinks it better you'sThould part." . She ,ave a sharp cry, and walked up and dowmi te room wringing her hands. Her lips. moved rapidly, and I knew she was muttering many words; but in so low a key that I could not catchtheir meaning. Suddenly she stopped, and turned upon me fiercely. "Is this by your counsel and advice?" she demanded. " No. It is his ownunbiassed decision." "Why ?-tell me why? He loved me-I love him. Why does he leave me ?" The passionate entreaty of her voice is inde a:ribable. What could I say to her? Words stuck in my throat. It seemed the height of absurdity for a sane man to give a sane women the true reason for Claud's broken faith. I of health. . "If he is ill, I will nurse him," she cried. "I will wait for years if he w give me hope. Dr. Morton, I love Claud as I never before loved a man." She clasped her hands and looked imploringly into my face. In a mechanical way I drewthe portrait of my dead brother from my breast. She saw the action. "His likenesi !" she cried, joyfully. "He sends it to me ! Ah, he loves me!" I handed her the photograph. "Mrs. Des pard," I asked, "do you know-" I did not finish the question, yet it was fully answered. Never, I believe; save then, did a human face undergo such a sudden, frightful change. The woman's very lips grew ashen, her eyes glared into mine, and 1 saw them full of dread. She staggered- all but fell. "Why is it here-who is it?" she gasped out. I. was a prey to the wildest excitement. To what revelation was this tending? what awful thing had I to learn ? "Listen," I said, sternly. "Woman, it is for you to answer that question. It is the face of this man, his dying face, that comes between you and your lover. "Tell me his name." I read rather than heard the words her dry lips formed. "The name he was once known by was Stanley." .A quick, sharp shudder ran through her. For a moment I thought she was going to faint. "He is dead," she said. "Why does he come between my love and me ? Others have loved or said they loved me since then. They saw no dead faces. Had I loved them I might have married and been happy. Claud I love. Why does the dead man trouble him?" "That man," I replied, "was my brother Claud's brother." She threw out her arms with a gesture of utter despair. "Your brother-Claud's bro ther l" she repeated. Then .she fixed her eyes on mine as if she would read the secrets of my soul. "You are lyinig' she said. - "I am not. )Hie was our eldest brother. He left England years ago. He passed under a false name. He died. When and how did he die ?" She sank, a dead weight, into a chair; but still she looked at me like one under a spell. I seized her wrist. `" Tell me, woman," I cried-" tell me what this man was to you : why his dying face comes to us ? the truth-speak the truth.' She seemed to cower beneath my words, but her eyes were still on my face. "Speak 1" I cried, fiercely, and tightening my grasp upon her wrist. At last she found words. "He was my husband; I killed him," she said, in a strange voice, low yet perfectly dis tinct. I recoiled in horror. This woman, the widow and self-confessed murderess of one brother, within an ace of being the wife of the other ! "You murdered hun ?" I said, turning to the womain. "I murdered him. He made my life a hell upon earth. He beat me, cursed me, ruined me. He was the foulest-hearted fiend that ever lived. I killed him." No remorse, no regret, in her words. Quite overcome, I leaned against the chimney-piece. Bad as 1 knew Stephen Morton to have been, I could at that moment only think of him as a gay, lighthearted schoolboy, my elder brother, and il those days a perfect hero in my eyes. No wonder my heart was full of vengeance. Yet even in the first flush of my rage I knew that 1 could do nothing. No human justice could be meted out to this woman. There was nothing to prove the truth of her self-accusa tion. She would escape scot- free. "Would. that I could avenge his death !" I said, sullenly. She sprang to her feet. Her dark eyesblazed. "Avenged!' she cried. "Is it not doubly, trebly avenged ? Has he not taken all I care for in life from me ? Has he not taken my love from my side? Coward in life, coward in death. When I killed him I knew he would try to come back to me. He has tried for years. Ah, I was too strong for him. I could banish the face with which he strove to haunt me. I could forget. I could love. I could have been happy. Yet he has conquered at last, Not me--he could not conquer me-but the one I love. Oh, the coward is avenged !" In spite of my feeling of abhorrence, I gazed on the speaker in amazement. Her words were not those of one w'io had committed a black crime, but of one who had suffered wrong. The strange, fanciful idea that the dead man had been trying to haunt her, but had been kept at bay by her strong will, was in my ex perience unprecedented. As 1 saw the agony of mind under which she was laboring, the thought came to me that her words were true, that my brother's;death was this day avenged. 1 resolved to leave her. I could gain no good by prolonging the painful scene. She was still pacing the room in fierce pas sion. Suddenly she stopped short, and in thrilling accents began to speak. It seemed as if he she had forgotten my presence. "See," she cried, "the river bank-the dark rushing stream. Ah, we are all alonie, side by side, far away from every one. Fool! if you could readmy heart, would you walk so near to the giddy brink ? Do you think the memory of the old love will stay my hand when the chance comes? Old love is dead: you beat it, cursed it to death. How fast does the stream run? Can a strong man swim against it? Oh, if I could be sure- sure that one push would end it all and give me freedom! Once I longed for love-your love. Now I long for death-your death. Oh, brave swift tide, are you strong enough to free mie for ever? Hark ! I can hear the roar of the rapids in the distance. There is a deep fall from the river cliff; there are rocks. F'ool! You stand at the very edge, and look down. The moment is come. Ah!" With her last exclamation she used a violent gesture, as if pushing something fiercely from her. She was, I knew, in her excitement, re acting the tragedy. "Free ! free ! free !" she cried, with a delirious, almost rapturous laugh, and clasping her hands. "Hold him, brave stream! Sweep him away. See! he swims; but he dare not swim with you. You are hurrying down to the rapids. He must face you, and wrestle with you for his life. Bear him down; keep him from me. If he masters you, he will land and kill me. Hold him fast, brave stream ! Ha! his strength fails. He is swept awvay; he is under. No, I seehim again. He turns his face to me. He knows I did it. With.his last breath he is cursing me. His last breath! he is gone, gone for ever! I am free." The changes in her voice, ranging from dread to tearful joy, her passionate words, her elo quent gestures, all these combined to bring the very scene before my eyes. I stood spell-bound, and, even as she described it, seemed to see the unfortunate man battling for dear life in the rushing stream, growing every moment weaker andweaker. As the woman's last wild exclamation-"' Gone for ever! Iam free!" rang through the room, I seemed to hear the cry of despair drowned as the waves closed over the wretched man's head. I knew every detail of my brother's fate. I turned to leave the room. I longed to get away, and if possible to banish the events of he day from my mind. It was not given me to be Stephen Morton's avenger. My hand was on the door, when the woman sprang to my side. She grasped my arm and drew me back into the room. " Look !" she whispered. "Do you see it? There! The face-that awful face! It has come at last to me. The man has conquered. There! look! His eyes glaring, his mouth mocking. Now it has once come, I shall see it always--always. L9ook !" No, I was niot doomed again to see or to fancy I saw that face. Its mission, so far as I was concerned, was at an end.. But the look of concentrated honrror which Judith Despard cast at the wall of the room beggars descrip tion. Theni with a piteous cry she fell at my feet, and seemed to strive to make me shield her from something she dreaded. I raisedher. She broke from my grasp, and again fell on the floor, this timne in paroxysms of madness. My tale is ended. That night she was' re moved to a private lunatic asylum, where for three years she was kept at my expense. She died raving mad, and from inquiries I made I know that from the moment when it first ap peared to her to the hour of her death the face of the man she had killed was ever with Judith Despard. 