A HAPPY NEW YEAR. ITrTcnro the harvesting at our pleasant home at Coolguncrang had lasted over the New Year, but this year, although or hay crop was the heaviestwo had ever been blest with, while labor was harder to get than in any previous season, a reaper and binder, which the gentlemanly agent of an English firm had induced dear old dad to inves't in when atthe National Show, enabled uis with. out outside help to have the whole crop in the stack and safely roofed by Boxing Day. This enabled us to pay the local races a visit on' the 26th and 27th and irare sport we had. Babeorale, where our annual sporting festival is held, is a homely country town with, what few towns in Australia can boast of, a river which is navigable right alongside the main street. A river which has no evil associations, no murky depths, but which, taking its rise among the snow-crowned summits of the dividing range, leaps headlong through deep ravines and over rugged reefs, then sparkles o'er many covered pebbles, among the finer gravels of which are stones which, set and polished, would make the fortune of a lapi. dary. Then as the hills fall back fromt it its character changes, the pebbles in its bel becomes smaller, its stream more placid, until at Coolgnmerang it wanders peacefully through rich alluvial flats, covered with clover and cocksfoot, where the shorthorns tran quilly chet" tIhe cod of.content, and the horses standing in the shade'of the spreading gums, seem largely satisfied with their surroundings, then on through msize fields and hop gardens till it reaches llabesvale, whiere the steamers for Snle are busy loading up with cargo for the Metropolitan markets, for after all the best of everything in the oountry districts finds it way to Melbourne, especially at Christmas tide asp Now Year. Well, to re smnuo my story, I, Bullocky Bob, Billy Ave. small, once a well.knownvt Metropolitan light. weight, and a party of young ladies from over the Creek were to ride, while dad, who is thie starter, and a cut above the connon at it, drove the mother anid the girls. The trip was nothing to us, though Elliott the school. master, who is litely'front town, seouted very ferid of standing during tho meeting, and lent his horse to one of the boys?i on our return and drove home with Sue. Still he was overy merry, and I ahvoys thought him a decent sort of a chap. A party of Melbourne friends of his had cot dowon, and we got them to join our party, but, I thought sister Sue looked a bit surprised and:. not too well pleased when Elliott went for a quiet stroll with a Miss Potrio, a girl. .thought exceed ingly pretty- however, porlhaps I was mis talon, but when going for some water I saw them in dfeep conversation I 'inust own I did not feel that Elliottt his quite as'pleasant as I'uid hitliterto thought hint. Still, he snas unlike molt towv felloivs; ,foir he was Al at cricket, could'riin; jumpi;s?reostle and use the "fives'" ierypietfily;nnd vhii srtainlygood. looking if on like dark hair and eyes. Miss P'oetrioi was very fair, .and,' of coesb, nunlike him, bseing tall, while lie was a little' noder the middle height WVell, about the rnooes, I can't s?y I paid us much attention as usna to thom, for do what Iwould I caught myself watching Miss Petrie, and when I was trying to estimato weights I found myself wondering if she and Elliott were engaged, and whether. I should like her is a neighbour when they got married, and rather thought I shouldn't care about it, nail that I'd like to gota Queens. lhond. About the racing? Well, unolo's Wollomai lilly won the l'raduoo Stakes, and the hIndicap cautseal great exeitctmentt, as one of Stu;re Woihallas cracks which had won it Melboteuo was thought a certainty, Ltt went down before a locally-bred colt to the great joy of our district. A very plea. sant ball wtound npt the ratciag, andl here I secured Miss Petrie for two or three dances, lad foulnd her as ple:amut as she was pretty. We had a long chat, andl she exprec.l a great love of countrv life, whlh ssh?t ?sil she hoped soon to gr?atify by c?t?nug to live among s, as Mr. 1lliot't oul cl soo have the house, ready. Sti, dancingu with Elliott, plssea as she satid this, antd, turning very white, stppetud, aked him to excuse her, aid to leavoe her with lher inother.. He anxiously enquired if she were unwell, but saying the room was hot, she cut him rather short. I'felt fairly staggered, and, savage at Elliott's having kept his affairs so close, and blnndered out to AMis Petrie-" I was unaware you were engaged." Looking amazed, " What over do you mean," she cried, "do you not know that heis my half. brother, that mamma has twice married, that he is her eldest and I her youngest, and that I am to fit up his new house for him." You will hardly believe me, that cross as I was at Elliott for letting me make such an ass of myself, still I neverliked him better than atthatinstant. Sue,whohadjustpro. vailed on mother to retire, was leaving the ball room and met us a little frigidly, when I blurted out-" Sue, did you know Miss Petrie and Elliott were brother and sister!" "What do you mean!" she re. plied. I explained the embroglio, and saome. how Sue altered her mind, saying to the mater "I hardly think you should hurry ms off like this, mother dear." A charge the dear oldlady was about torefute when Sie stopped her answer with a kiss. Elliott,wbo was and is a great favorite of the old lady, came up, and as he and I had the same room at the hotel, I saw his programme afterwards and the number of times my sister's namo appeared thereon was certainly remarkable, Strange to say he made a similar remark as to the manner in which mine was 'illed. Well, the races being over, Elliott and his sister came home with us, and next day urged dad, the mater, Sue and I to return to Melbouroe with them andsce the NewYear's Day Racing in Melbourne. Well, as I told you, harvesting had hitherto prevented a visit to marvellous Melbourne at this season, but this time I resolved I'd go, and Sue hbeingof like mind of course the old folks came also. The fares by boat and coach and rail were all cut so low that the cost of the trip was a tritle, while every theatre in Mel. bourne had a novelty fresh from London for our delectation, and dad, who can talk pedl. gree by the hour, waspromisedatrip t St, Albans, Bundoora, and Mordlalloc, where training stables amid stud farms were open to his inspection. I, who never had been celebrated as a squire of dames, felt that such service was bliss. I found Bertha Elliott, I always did admire the name of Bertha, really liked Gordon's poems, and as to me they are as stirring as the sosnd of the pibroch to a Highlander, we were in unsi. son at once. Speeding across the lakes we discussed our favorites' merits, and almost ere our voyage seem to have besm, Sale was reached. Here'we spent a delightful evening, and after resting at the Club were soon en routeo for the delights of the city. On the boat in the train, iand in the great city, everyone was speaking of the wonderful Programme the Victorisa Racing Club has issued for the New Year's Day Meeting, and no wonder as you will see when I tell you, THE NORMIANBY STAKES Is the first great event to be decidedl, and as all the best Victorian, South Australian andl Sydney two-year-olds are engaged in it, including Acme, Blairgowrie, Maddelina, as well as a host of dark youngsters, the race should be a most exciting a:d interesting one ; for these two-year-old performances afftordl the best indications as to Derby and Cutup winners. But foneud as we Gippolanders are of two-year-old racing, we are equally sweet on agood handicap, andl on many a station men can he found who are a aasn fail as to performances and breeding as the veriest habitnes of the rooms ; aso the way Mr. Bar nard had apportioned the burdens in THE STAINDISH PLATE Interested ns greatly. What a good hors3 Malua is ! and in placing him 1Sb, above Sheet Anchor (even whien the latter has 9st. 5lb.), it's evident that Mr. Barnard thinks oen too, andit's a big drop from the latter to Moonshee at 8st. 1ltb., and Midllemarehl at Sst. 1111., and Merrimu. who is an unlikely starter, at a like weight cannot complais. Between Chuckster, Sat. SIb., and Napier, Sat, are such a host of celebrites as Stafford, Britisher, The Ghost, Lord Wilton, Grati tudole, Plausible, Madcap, Anchorite, Veloci. pede, Sea Horse, andl Ringmaster; while between Sat. andl 7st, The liohemian, Umn. ierto, Ironmsaster, Remus, Jocular, Norfolk, Duration, Albaous, AMentmnore, Uncas, Al. lander, Marie Louise, Lesbia, Lavinsgton, mtd First Light, are all masters of their ibur. dens, and a host of speedy ones arein below these weights. I have a notion that the top weight, Middlemarch, The Ghost; Lantern, Lesoia, and Albanuss, will fight it out at the finish if the first-namedis started, and a win for the Adelaide dlivision would not astouish inme. liHouaver, if aGippalander has a pas sion it's for what Irishmen call a "lepper " cither of big or little sticks, and it's the latter we have to deal with in THE HURDLE RACE. Royal Maid is at the head of affairs with list. 101b., as The Agent, havino executed his mission, has retired ; but I tink Gaser. lier-a Gippslander too--ought to beat oer. lnsolvest oas show himself fast--a commoson characteristic of insolvents ; and the next oneo that pleases mois Omnadhaia,lOst -41b. Sink. ing Fund's owner thought after being beaten at Elsternwick under 10ost. 21bh., for a mile and half, that 9st. 12lb. was too much in a longer journey. Of Oculist I hear good accounts, and Blue Mounta?m has a lot of up-country victories on the flat to his eredlit, Distiller, Sensation, The Chief, and Cock. hbeat, please me most of the others, and Cockboat, Gasalier, and Omadhbaun, may fill the Iplaem. THE BAGOT PLATE of one mile and three-quarters should bring out a field, but who would not go from Nhill to Sale to sec Sheet Anchor, Malna, Ilegi. sald, Off Color, and Grace Darling meet at weight for age, though 1 own to a liking for Malun, with the mare next. THE STEEPLECHASE. boasts a splendid field, and with twenty horses entered it takes a bit of picking; of this lot, Governor and Chester II are the oldy Giplpslaud representatives, and I fancy the result will be harrnusg, Studlcy, 3for'es, as written, though Goodwodoo is certainly dangerous. THE MIDSUMMEIR HANDICAP, is next, arid as this is a moile and a half, Sheet Anchor is atthc head of affairs with fist. 5lb. elosely presse d by Reginald ilathl b, DifCoor with Sst. lllb. Thesuare all dais. geroeus, while Seahorse, Duration, Gipsy's Warning, and Gasrlier look bestof the other thirty-five. THIE CRITERION STAKES. a handicap for two-yearholos, brings a wou. derful bill of fare to a close, and here I fancy Tue Nun, Phoebe, Walten, and Divi dand will divide the honors. Mow, am all constry peoile love sport, ano fresh air and green gross, especially at, seasoo when pasture lands harden, and drought fissures ylwhn who woald not wiso to press their foot on the elastio sward which Flcnioigton is covered, and to see soeve great races, with sdded oioney amooitmtg lo two thousoud three hundred and fifty pounds, while everything which can be Lone for vinsitors, comfort is provided--hot water, fresh milk, end all requirements for afternoon tea included. The handsomossuite of rooms, over 50d feet, has just been decorated by Messrs Schaltzo & DBtusture, andisaootelegantly aosd artistically colourod. IL is the most perfect piece of room decoraion I have yet aeen in the colonias. Who can wonder that tho 'holoe party of us have resolved to bent Flem. iogtoo on Ncw Year's Day, aod so soy dear friend I'llholootonmestyou,and? unfidentially I dont isnd letting you know that I've given noioos Queenosland notion and 've come to thohk that single life is a mistake, and I fancy that Elliot won't keep his housekeeper lohg, as she has confessed to me she woalo prefer not liviug ins a towrtship, while straingely enosgh Soue sysa country township is Just what she likes, as tihcro is moure society there than on a farm. She aod Elliott seem thdroighljyto undoerstual one aoother, asool after we have seeoon the races we have agreed tooreturn together to Uoongumerang, and should you watch the marriage coluisn of the Argus 1 faocy yos will see four sameoes you sore familiar with, or I, T'n Farmuer, shall be isuch minstaken A timely use of Hop Bitters (American Coo'ls will keep a whole family in robust health a year with but a little cost. Read Fi? i.- an --l-]leetl., insects, roaches, a11its, tt- oogs, ot, o ice, cophere, jack. rabhhit,, cleare1 soot or "lIosoogh on lists." Felton, orimwade antl Co., Agente. Mel. eourne.--[. hdrt.i S:iKss M1"ex.-"Wells HIealth ]enewer" retorres helto niger, ctreso]) Dy peipa, Ira. lo-,tene', 1)ehility. Felteo, GriiuwadeandCo., ,'o-ent-o, Melbhourae.-[Ado'-.1 ltetrioutive Justice.--The moot condlign luniohment s.houhl be meteol oat to the. who pilfls the trasbe ooeurh of an establish. o:,oiot, jest ao condeumation follows thoee wst-I uloin thIe ,opyrights of authorship. The osly ditterence it that in litlraetre the theft only hurts the author's fans sas o ueedheent, while, as in the La e of WOLmE'w ,-o-tuerAt?s, the sutlo.blsltl.-e is gcnerally de hIteriou%, if not poisenous, lie sure mau obtain j'f-" ,chuao!,jt. 