?WAS SHE FALSE? oa A WIFE'S TEWnPTATIOW. A PHILOSOPHICAL EOMA2TCE. By E. L. Pugh. fCHAPTER XXXfV.— A Sbeious Ebbob. i Mine after-life ! What is mine after-life? $fl!y day is closed ! the gloom of night is come ! . A hopeless darkness settles o'or my fate ! ? *-JOAKjJ-i. TtftTf.T.TW. Che nest morning Brent left the house quite early, and Judith was alone. How -wilfully he was ?wronging her she Baever guessed. 8he loved her husband as j» 'brother or friend— as one who liad earned per gratitude. Hernature was affectionate;; &t; came so natural to her to caress any she teared for. A thought of herself in the Sight ia which he viewed her never entered !her mind. He had gone off without an tmHnd word, fend she sat among her flowers in her con servatory — not reading or sketching, but in tdulgingin that languid pensiveness so grace ful and so becoming to her. She was think ing of Powers, sometimes with a guilty Jpang — of Elinor ; but never of her husband. She never intended any wrong to him ; $he never had any wrong feeling of dislike (to him, unless he came between her and ithe companionship of Powers. Lying inhere now in her warm wrappings, with a Ifihade of thought on her brow? she feels more iifean Bees Stanley coming through the half .olosed door of the conservatory. She never Jmoved; he liked her best go. He came and eatatherfeet&ndlooked;&ther.; Eisfacegrew bleasanter then, and. touching the white tips Jo£ her fingers, he said softly: * I came here rto chide, but am quite vanquished; will Jpou forgive my harshness P ' 'Xou play the tyrant even with those who. «iove you,' she said reproachfully. ' Even with those whom J love,' he said jgiHantly. * Come I the homage is mere worth your acceptance. You'd never love a silken slave.* v ? Where were Elinor's warnings now? *Was this the platonic tone to which he tad bound himself ? Judith had a guilty consciousness of, wrong, and skilfully 'led the conversation to generalities. He was reading to her now — jin that deep, full-toned voice she knew and Joved. bo well. She did not heed the reading, frhere was hsxmbny enough in the voice, (pleasure enough in. lying with shaded (eyes watching- him, with ihe sunlight lying jin golden patches over the pavement, and (the bi!ln»g odor of hot-house blossoms in )fclie air. Ah ! if life was all like this. She fewoke from her dreaming to the words he Was pouring into her ear. Deceived by her Quietude, he had believed her listening in it-apt attention to him, K'ot one word had (reached her ear until the passionate tremor £ 1 hra voice awoke her to the gush of poetic fervor in which breathed a tenderness not the bard's. She heard it ; she knew that in every word was breated an insult — in every taaoment of her silence lay sin ! Pity her in Jier youth. This was happiness-— the most exquisite in a woman's life — when the lips phe loves echo the passion in her own preasv. Every impulse of her. nature then was his. Honor, truth, religion were forgotten. In one rapid glance she saw her Belf happy in his love. All his sternness was £ orgotfcen. What was.lifeor the world's opinion to compare with his love. What can any young girl know of shame find remorse ? How quickly all this passed through her mind 1, In another moment all that wae most womanly came back to her. ^Fhe eyes that looked' Into his wore a glance bf reproach that he felt keenly. She had given him all that was best and worthiest in her nature, and it bad been valueless in his qyes, ? He was half shamed, half qngry. A man can. never understand so seeming' ^n inconsistency; yet he knew that he h&d; Ventured quite lar enough f-& the present. ? What a revulsion of feeling was hers (when he left her ? She had risen,^ud stood looking after him. She -knew now that «he loved himj loved as a true woman love*— Dnb/oncein a life-time. She could never deeeira herself again, never trust her reso lution. The thought of her husband was intolerable to her. She shuddered as «he remembered how Stanley had crashed that W&a; band to his lips, andwe had submitted fe) ths car***. Ah! eheHrcroSd never kiss her Icteband cgain. It was &» first tame in all her life that she had known a sense of degradation. Elinor would never believe in her if ehe koew a3l; and this was not tibeendf notnn* Jess providence would stand between thenv ,Ah, n aha dared tens* her husband. SrA she could not. He would beliere her snore guiHy than she vac. And Powers j the thongh^ of him .terrified hec She did not pinkdown and weep,asehe wouldhave done once; but there was a dreary sense ©f help lessness ia her breast* and j& fi%htened phildish prayer- for proteoyon rose In her bear*. . - '?' Any iiung— - eren death— ^rould be pre fezable to ftm; sad »she felt tihat «he«o«ld, i&ever; ponquer— that temptataomtrould en jgnlph. aer «o curelyas it camel You wee phe V»s but » «bi]d; an nntntoz«d oge isi ^wt! KonioifcerlypowifelBfcBdfeeBn-hewi Ko thought, no habit of her life tenght her Hrk«r* WtheCJhtMfciaa'saoohor, tod how mat a one it i«. Had her Juwband Itoffll Wo» her Qxbo. with angry Jnrotr && Hn& Ik», «he would hare nad Bp thoflgW of Kb ' suspkmm of iaH #b2s liad leached Elinor. The few times eh© had seen Judith all htfd eeemed well. 3'hey had conversed qwtly Tipon their favorite topic* j end 997, when' iiie ioot ts^ Sxd^ tirade open, and Judith stood fcefoieiier-wShtJia* hard Ixeowr and a c^dness In her eyes that Siinor nad learned to dread, ahe could only sink upon hsrseat w^hdrefensoge^ sickening sBnsationofi dismay, La another moment ishe weoi^Eor ward, tookihe two cold hands in here, and kissed her, * . 'Don^remdJudithdrearjly, unwrapping Elinor's arms, *doa'* P^^ Elinor^ I am unworthy of your pity} Hon'ir caress or lore me— I can't bear it !* ? Elinor would joot reproach her. She could not believe that the worst jhad come. *Blinor,'* she broke in, 4 Z-knowiiow htm false I have been. Hnsh! don't interntpt me. I am going away- — away from all who love me J ? ? . , * JTot frem him, O Judith !' Judith shuddered: *I could never let him kiss me again ! I hare been cowardly, but not base. I am a coward nosr; I could jnot meet -his eyes. I have deceived Mm, Elinor, though I deceived- myself first. I did not know before, but it seems degrading now to live with him. I will leave him.' ' Judith,' said Elinor, firmly, ?you will do nothing of the sort. Where is your religion? How dare you think so lightly of £he tows you made before the Almighty?' Sijrely, surely, my child, you 3x0 exaggerating yoart sin.' . ? She said this anxiously. * It is you, Elinor, who do not know what you- are saving. It is too late to turn back. He attempted to kiss me, Elinor ; I did not let him' ; I would not. Surely jou believe this. But he has held me in his arms — only for a moment — and* 1 know that my hus band nerer must.' To say that Elinor was shocked or grieved would be to convey little idea of what she felt. She walked the room rapidly for. Borne moments. A prayer was in her heart for wisdom and strength, Judith stood quite calmly; but when Elinor at length came over to her and put her arms around her, she did not repulse her. She had come there with her mind^ firmly made up. She must leave her husband. She did not say that it would be to go to her lover ; nor would she. Bui she knew that if, in her miserable flight, Stanley came to hen, she would fall hopelessly. To her keen insight of character Elinor was indebted foT the estimate which she formed of Judith. She felt that her weakness lay most in the un worthy estimate in which she held herself . She had no belief in her own strength cf purpose, and there was no senti ment of religion to supply the place of such strength. It- had fallen ' to her lot ts -deal with this nature-; it must be done tenJUerly and skilfully. ? Jf she failed through her own weakness, it would be a iifelonar renroach to her. ^ Judith,' she said, ' what right have yoa to renounce your duty as a wife, because a guilty passion leads your better judgment pstrey ? Do not deceive yourself, my poor child. Eb nice sense of honor dictates such, madness. 'It is because you look hopelessly forward to a long life of self denial, and have not courage to support it. Your obligation was a voluntary one, and if your life is a just atonement pay it bravely* I wish I could plead a more Christian principle; and I know, i£ you 'will do wkat is right* now, that will come in time. You distrust yourself too mxtch. If your union with Jfevil is revolting — and I can conceive now that it must be — yet I cannot see any remedy in what you propose. It seems to me only to involve greater evils. If religion has no hold upon you, if you are unwilling to trust yourself now with the many influences around you, what would be the' consequence when, by your own rash act, you had deprived yourself of Uie pro tection of your husband, the countenance of -your friends ? .And, Judith, my child, you are top young and innocent to know, the ex tent of the evil you eo recklessly court. He does not love you, my child. It may seem hard to tell you bo,- but I know enough of his past life to know that; and you must call all your womanly p^de to your aid. How could you bear coldness, desertion ?' *Hush, Elinor!' she moaned, 'I love him/ This seemed the. only answer to every charge 'against him — *I love him, Elinor/ She raised her eyes, bright with triumphant light: * 1 love him I I can never love him less ; he may be harsh, cruel, cold, unloving, yet 1 love him! I shall goon loving 'him all through my life; when he is dead, per haps, and I am old and grey, I' shall still love him! .Ah ! do not say that he -would not love me, I will never believe thai i ' flow courageously youth, can prophesy! Spite of the lessons all 'about it of time and mutability, it ?can still boldly predict its own, constancy. Efinor sighed and thought how hopeless seemed this contest, bat she would not giVe jip so. ^Judith,' she said, *you love me? will you give -this up for my sake?' . % ; - The straggle was .snort and sharp, but Elinor -conquered. *i ir£l£'sot- leave him, Elinor,, if tfhat will please yon, \m£ life seems very hard to bear/ *Ilniow it, JudilJu I do not underrate tout sacriftoe, «&d-I; j-ray\God it may bear good fruit/ The western ^ky^ras red and cold, and the-oiaxs trembled hi the dewy night before Judith left her. Elinor hoped that Brent hadnot wak&Ho; his misery, but die was not destined to be 00' deceived long. It needed but one glance at that white, suffer ing face, usually eo calm, to tell her alL Hie spoke ix- jber quietly, and -waited while her children remained around them, ?saying little, bnt giving no evidence of what his errand at that hour of the aiighttxnight por tmdv 5fhe children- tA lengths dismissed, Elinor madesomecommonplaceobservatftin, vpon which lie ftbraptty broke 1 'JEKaar, how long lias this beeit going on?' She felt that it was worse than -uselesB-to «eein io misunderstand bin*? bn&ebe; Jbesi tated,at*lowipwto«e^jv . ' 'lamjnirejronlaQO^rft* perhaps oiibirs dp, wjd'bWip xdade a Jest of my* blindness. W^qxe±fa^Z'lh&ve1;»w-hfoa& X trusted h&,W^;*Mfa)wd-ioav*a.ia»: She t^^^io-jn4 daily, Itevrl^ ^ball f {ncgrro it PlJaype think! w»Ufr - ^?'TB^h.jBrev^^uaTeT^n^ing-lierryou Ibiadtknow'^X.*' * - « , '*- ? ' . ? ? ?' ..-?..?? .-:~- ' It seemed - 3is£lesB jfo*'oo?atend ffiSi jEbe ptormof passion fhai ims awetiuhig over nini, ? . . - ? . - .' ? 'As foria«i,J Jjb «oniaoD^ i&mlt;* 'Q-inXE Mil Mm?' ♦..,--. ' :,:?.- : I'.:.,:; S© yras sta«amg- Tmder ;fjip ^B-^ght ?when 4© said this. -Hie ,seeioed suddenly -^xaed, and the woidstasaB fifosrly tibxongli his white lips, Tiere -jyasno jftctieg hese. JSiinor icnew ihab h» was Jost o&e; mas. fe do ji. She had seen him faee danger beBfore; she knew the nerve that lay in that elug gish spirit. Her own face was quite -white, silnd her lips trembled nrhen abe laid her hasuL -m Ms araaand ssids ' Hoshi HiT-evil, job. -wili never do that — riever without cause/ ' ? .'? ? ' ';..' ?.'.'.-. A Biiddea . JoaiatseBS came over her, and «ho i^htened her dasp on his arm. He eaw it, and said gently t ' What a brute I have 'been; forgive me Elinor. ?? OI course not CTxtffont cause, and I have none, you know. , ? He said this so wistfully that Elinor's eyes filled. 'God forbid, JSJevii, God forbid!'. - Both were silent through deep feeling. Elinor longed to comfort him, yet how ? How strangely the fate of these two.seemed to h&ve; fallen into her hands ; yet not by chance, she knew that. She ctarad not shrink from the trust, however painful. It is so mucli mor-e difficult to deal with a man ihas with a woman, j yet here the etrength vra-& not her own, bnt ihe victory, however won,, was here to-night. He was quiet and patient enough when he bent over fais sleeping wife that night, while Elinor was praying in her own house for both. CHAPTER XXXV.— A Discovery. 'We .are parted, and there rolla ? A. flood of headlong fate between onr sonls, Whose darkness severs us to all eternity^ Weary weeks went by. while Brent wan dered about more listless t-han ever, seeming to care for * nothing. Xho reproach, passed his lips, but none would Judith, have -felt more keenly than that ghost-like face, with its dull eyes and pale compressed lips. It haunted her, sleeping or waking, and she had roused, more than lonce to find it bent close over her own. This could not last for ever. Her hours were spent in moody -ibs±rac-' tions ; in fierce, tatter invectives, when even her best friend mast have shrunk from her ; in long, solitary rambles, from which she returned sometimes tearful and sad, some times wildly excited. What conld he think of her ? His patience gave way at last, and she learned all he thought of her. * ] She took it. more quietly than she had. thought for, only crying out: 'And you; have thought this of me for months, and. never eaid iti Who is the traitor? I: never deceived you, KeviL Yoairore land ?? to me, and I wished to make you happy if I could. It was an innocent deception, bu-, it is no longer .meeded, ^jicaiV God for that/ And she had gone out with her hand over. her heart. He did not like her calmness; he felt that he had better have struck her than said, what he had. She was not in her room when he went to seek her, and, with a sudden thrill, he went down the etaars. There was a light in the study/ and, looking through the' door, he saw her holding a glass in her hand. She ' was not looking ajt it, but he could see her tearless eyes, and her lips were moving. With a quickstep he stood beside her and graspen her hand. * What madness is this ?' he said sternly She straggled to free her Land, crying sullenly: * IJeave me alone, let me die I* He dashed the glass on the floor, shivering it to atoms, locked the door of the closet, and put the key in his pocket. ? ( If it is .me yon are wishing to get rid of, there is an easier way — I will leave you.' His lips trembled, ^andishe knew he was quite broken down, but there was no pity in her then. She turned from the room and fled down the stairs and dht into the garden. Many and many a night after that she lay out in rain and fog and dew with a longing for death. She never thought of anything more than that death was preferable to sin and shame. She had no intentunrof wrong ing her husband more than she had already, but she had -not the courage to face her troubles. . She never cared to see Powers ; and when she did there was more pain than pleasure in the meeting. But death did not taome to her; and, after a night spent out of doors, she would come in with her wet gar ments clinging about her, and look at the warm blood, creeping under the clear olive of her cheek, looked where it throbbed and leapt in her quick pulse, watch the muscular power in her* slender arm when she clinched her little hand, and think how hard life was within her. AH this was brought to a sudden close, however ; and one night in midwinter, when, Elinor was thinking of them and hoping that all was working right she started to eee Judith burst into the room. She was strangely excited; but this was better than to see her as she was sometimes, and Elinor coon learned what had, brought her. * It is «H at tea. end now, Elinor. My own mother, oh, to think of thatl' And she covered Imw faoe with her hand. 'TRffiffor looked at her in amazement. * Ah, let me think and I w5H tell you all; but it seems bo like a dream. ' He was -with me, Elinor, bJlntig, as He often does, so beautifully of books and poetry and painting, and; then be began io talk to mo of myself, fco upbraid me for my coldness to him, Baying that a life thus spent 11ms worthless. I do ' not know what more lie intended to urge; he was holding raj band in his, and £hfi pleading was more in bis eyes and mice than in his words, of which I never heard the half; when suddenly *I saw his face grow white, the bands, that held mine, were cold, and he rose to bis feet like one in a dream. I followed the direction 'of hitf eyes, and -saw JJaohel Harleigh standing itheise, These two werefaOe to faoe. She was very pale, and tomyamttzemBnt Iheaxd him speak; 'Rachel, can. tMs be true?' . 'Stanley,' she prkd, ' was this bitterness left .for me at the* last? Where sooner might I not have'lioped to -meet you? Contiyou notbave spareSLlifirformy Bake ?' 'Wiat was iie meaning of : all this?* In a lew moments she , wud : ' If you $rar cfist »?- thought $0 her .whose J£fe?ml-tigb*»at&,i& all the past, when 70a Ibftw idly dallied ^witli woman's Iheart jsbmp haM tttmtin^pw »uot pure and true whfji&wofa.hBS;?o ?ojMUWOHMhitt' 'tjO that o&uj;^ la^fiotiijbterlybad. IbeiieTOdjtmdeaa, ^paflifceworla has done. Ponotblameaa& I^IwoiddnotfijiawhiscMld. Boijxm *sliaUak-fcsde^nBe inentterly*; eaS you. waU forgive me,' Jie.*aid, turnimg to me. : 'Iwas too Bewildered, to f^'V, «&d; T never moved until I teard nis z^feeating footsteps. , Ah, life*Bs over then, and wiiSi a fra4*r^*cSfa«i][ejr,fifeqiley V' I MLfar ifBird sm^se-floOT. I4a»ot tanovr^Mmrlong^ BacM siting beside me. The single ray of eunligbi in iiat darkened room fell upon tec : . ? ?'?.'., i 'That fair, eweefc face, with, its golden hair and gentle eyes, was my Tnoiher ! And through all these long- years Iliad sever, guessed it I I turned 'from her and hid my face to weBp. She looked pained, Isnt said gently. 'Xou will giy» me a iieaiiog, any child, and judge between us f ' And then, Elinor, IJearnfc it alL Bow her- lot had been like mine; that Stanley, 3fcen a mere1 routh, ha# loved her; and that my iBa^ier, upon smoia sue cast no reproach, Ijad driven' her.from. him. . ' * When she told me faew,ih2ough jail ciiose long years, she bai iid the truth from Mm,, I cried out against ier : ' And you left Mm with that miserable lie blistering his heart,' I cried, 'and ikat made' him what he was! ?My faiier, aaiy poor, wax»nged father T* *A pini; flush -came over her pale face then, and she said; **lt was I who was ?wronged.' ?.' . . * ' Yon I' I said, fiercely. ' Yoadid love ; another; lie knew ii, and you lei aue -Mnfc worse of you than you deserved. Do not .blame me/' * I told her then how ha had taken-me, his little girl, bjr £he hand, and 6hown me a grave» — my mother's grave — and wept, and with wondering eyeE I had *eeen the great tears rolling down that stern face. She knew then that he had loved her, and how: his pride had suffered. She wept, and said : 'I have done wrong, but not knowingly. Forgive me, Judith, my daughter ; 4o not: steel your heart against your poor mother 1' * And I did not, Elinor, only after that I seemed to see my own duty more clearly. While ehe talked to me of all her troubles and temptations, I was iiliinking, 'Perhaps ]?evil .thinks as badly of me;' and tlie duty ihat iu anoijier appeared so plain came home to me. Taat night I went to Brent and: determined to tell irim alL It was not easy to do; for he seemed colder than ever. : Hb had seen Stanley leave the house, and I knew what he was thinking of me ; but I, was brave enough then, with, such a lesson before me of the wrong that might prrow out of concealment. When I said ' 5fevil ' he only raised his eyes and turned them slowly -on me, and made no reply. ' jSevil,' . . said immbly, ' I Lave done very wrong ; ? will you forgive me ?' 'He would not answer rae; but I began again: 'I hava been bad. enough, bnt you shall not think worse of me than I deserve. I never loved you, Isevil,and I' know you did not care for me. We both, did wrong; it -was a great , mistake, and we' have both scftered for it. Do not be angry ? with me f or teHing you that I loved Borne' one else. You know that already, but I never intended any greater wrong.' ' I was weeping then, and could not ee^ his face for my tears ; but he came to me and bent bis face to mine, and I felt tears on my hands that were not my own. ' This; is hard to bear, Judith, my darling, -but it is truth, and I thank you. Ah 3 I feel; another man now,** * I clung 'to him then, crying : ' You will protect me, STevil ? I am true to yon i' *He kept repeating this, as if it made Mm so nappy. irne ! yes, yon. have been true my darling ; can you forgive me ?' * My noble husband ! I did not love V»™ even then, bnt I felt a comfort I never had before * and looking at that broad breast and strong, arms that 'held me so tightly, I knew what a bulwark I had: ' After that I told him of my mother, and only enough of her story to spare any painful explanation from her. I know he never guessed that: Stanley had any connection with her story. He said gravely that my father's harshness and her concealment had led to much un necessary unkappiness. ' * It only remains now for us to show him how grateful I am for his Mndness% It was very noble in him to have borne with me as he did. ' There is no happiness for me, but a duty which I can see now clearly, andj somehow, Elinor, my cowardice- is all gone.. 3^ feel so brave, eo strong/ This was what Elinor heard from hex that night. This was the clearing op of her doubts. She was not very confident of the strength of which the girl boasted. She knew thati strength, to be lasting, most come from a. different source, but she would not question it. The Hand that, bad sowed thi% good seed might yet rain it into blossom in His own way. Eeligion did not come to aU alike. She -would not speak discourage ment, because, her own sense of strength came after her kneeling position.. She could only pray for her young charge— pray as that happy mother was praying with her arms wwtpped about her sleeping child— sleeping for the first time in many months with a smile on her lips. (PJO BE COHfflNiUED:) 