NOTES AND COMMENTS "While yon aro eating and drfokin?, and loellog on good beds, wo and tboio with us, both loldlers and servants, are watobfngfiy night and day ond«avoxiog to quell Iho move- moots ot the f»ie Malidl." So ruus ouo of Uoidon a latssl mesiagss. Uow woold bo have wotdod it had he konwo that the Ftsmfor of BDglaud wan dlsplsylng bis liglitueie of hsatl by attindlog tho Oilletion Thaatro Io clap bis bands over a faroiosl comedy ? Captain Vorct, who li stated Io bo giving tbo Mahdi such iuformstion as bo poassssos QoneerDiDg military tootle?, sppoars to bavo beon an onomy of elvilisation from bli first Appearance in public, noooidUg to oertaia pattlouUrs of hie career which aro published lu the Avcnir Miliiairc, Ha blnw up tbo oltadel of Lou in 1870, attor it bod been suriondored to the Germans, aod after thoFunoh hftdmarobod out and tbo luvadt ra had marohsd Id, Fifty mon were kill d and forty fivo wounded by this dithoncrable and uaa soldierly procoodirg, whioh, of course, led to bittor reprisals lator on, Then whon the war was ovev be turned mouoy londor, aud was fined 80,0001, for swindling. Now ho has found a oongenial avocation, and Is aiding in the proad, by fixe and aiaughfcsr, of a veBt re ligious swindle. Some day, perbaun, the Mahdi will treat him as ho did Fasagb Fasha, A lifts liko that ol Vcrot could only fitly oud on tho gallows, It turns out that Llcnt.-Oolouol Obiietio only retired after all on that plea ol ' Uigeat private Affaire". wbioh was put forward es the reason why no many bravo i flioere left tha scat of war during tho Ctlmenu campaign! What n pity it iu that tho cart ofiiolnl telegram announcing his rokiremon. was not supplemented by throo words giving tho rcaioo! As it war, it looked sadly as if thorn woro a split in tbu oamp, Tho Maharajah of Nepaul, who cfforn ns 15,000 Ghoorkoir, is oortnlnly doing ua good service, by showlog tho Russian B ear that he will not bo ae weloomc as he thinks iu Zodin. He is also probably cot a little rollovcd at the opportnuiiy ot finding work for them. This potentate nominal!/ rules a territory neatly as Inrgo as Viotoria, 50 715 iqsors miles, with r< population o? 8,000,000. oomposrd of Ghoorkss and Nowars. Tho latter aro artisaos, who won't fight; the former are soldiers, who won't work, I'cido as ho Is moiely a titular sovercigo, oubaidirsd by the British, ho has nothing ia tho world for it to do. He Is liko Mlobacl So-tf, -tbo "Wizard, who obiaincd tho iccvices of a domoa on condition o! kfcplcghiin conitontly omployed end found It a ddliault thing. At any vnto, we may bo gratefal to the Maharajah for offering tho servioss ot hio troublesome followers to us instead of to Ru&ala;, Gor.'on oggtftlnlyijlm'f fo put tho boot on tbo right leg. ' Yr.urtxpfditioD is for relie! o? garrisoo whichl failod to aoscmpUsh," wroto Gordon— "I deollno to agroo that it is for mo personally." Exact aud literal la , 11 things, . he had paid hio coldlors up oo (that thoy wero only a fortnight lo nrrtor, at d bad ololbod thom properly from tho magazines, flow different would bo the vooovd bad the Government doao by him as hs did by tbcaa for whoso welfare ho was ro- sponeiblo 1 Peace between Fmoss aud China is to bs peroo without indemnity, without oxtoualon of territcry, without gain of any fcltiil, Ooueidoring sll thing-, itoanuot bo oalledpaaoa -Tith honor, O-rann Digna bas sot givon the AasValian Oontingcnt muah rest tinoo thoir ariival n; aonauioj, un oiouaay nigat, us nignu uvmg into tho oamp whioh thy ocoupy with h« Gnnrda, Thpy helped to boat Mm off ; tlmy suppressed thoir lira whan it wai not likoly to hs ussfol, and lu sho:t they behaved liko steady soldisrs, It moms too that thoy w«re quick aod ciaver iu oont traotiog their ziiebi, and that thiy keep th&ir; camp oreditnbly olsau. Bravo, Australia I What a tiresome man Oiman D'gea is I A day or two ago wo were told that ho had ro- treatedboyondTama'.Nowit turns out that he fo within two or tbroa miles of Souakim. This is .what the young ladioa o»Il "gettleg away oloior" with a lengoanoe, Sir Gerald G abam moant to oompkte tho railway to Haadub, and thsro arralt an attaok from Ojman Dlgna, But ho has not had ao long to wait, ond Osmao Digua attaoka without stopping uutil railways axe built Hae anyone notloed, by the way, the wondei- ful rate at whioh Meesvk Kolk aud Luoai aro ocnttrooting the railway between. Sonakim aud Berber 7 They have andortaksu to mako three miles a day. Tho Americans when they mads urn TrAniaoaiinentai rauway wouv ac cue race of amilo a day, and thougbt.that wondcrfa?, and they did not have to send an army to pro- tfot Iho navvicB, 11 The prayer of the righteous provallith," we are told, aud it is therefore a great'pity that Dr Adlsr's petition, on behalf of tha fliHier" in the Soudan, wbioh is to ba offerod In nil the Synagogues naxtSatuiday, was not prcpsnd and ultored by tho nongrfli.t!oos n foitnigbt ngo. Ouo olauso tans, "Show tbo lender o! tho hosts ths way wherein tbey muit go, aud tku work that thoy must do." Had this prayer b:oo made ontho Btbbath prhr to fait SaUirduy's operations at Frackoton, tha attaokng party might possibly, have auceordod ia finding tbo defensive forosr, In prsyer, no la all othor thinge, there's nothing liks taking timo by the forelock, The New Sonth Wales Government is going to oontoet all actions b-tsod on the Oootsmuo- dra aooideet on the ground that it was "a visitation o! Providonce." In this oass-tho plaintiffs will have no ohanoo of suoing the aotual defendant, although they might perhaps petition Providence to sot off their Bufferings and Ioaies in this world agalost any judgment pronounced agaioit them in the next. Tne question will axled &B; to what the visit %tiou of Frovidonoo really was, T wo wore at hast half a dozen man whn nncht ftn h&vn; known tho ombank- ment had given way, and three or fonr who did know, Oan either tho neglect of the first group to inspeot the Uuo or ths delay ot the second lu giving notice of tho oondition of affaire be fairly flailed a visitation of Frovl- donco I Tbla wrctohed Soudan campaign is fall of miserable episodes, and in addition to the Gordon tragedy, wo bavo now tho hisLry ot the equally dligraosful oonduot ot tho Glad stone Government with regwd to tho garrisoo atSiukat Mis Sartoriu, wife of tho oifioer who served as Brigado Major with Bskor Faiho, has written a b>nk. Aooordlog to the London . Riviews, it is not a woll wrilt&n; ox oven a olevor work, but it is startlicgly tmthfal; and if Mr Gladstone haB ovov rend it it must have troubled bis oonBCienoa as much as tba ghosts of bis victims troubled Richard, It toUiot tbo early days of the blundering at Souskim, when Baker aod bis staff .worked their heart onttoput somoplnok into the miserable psa saute sent up to be maseaorcd, simply because Mi Gladstone would hold back the lion whon one determined spring would have fettled the whole matter. It lulls ot tbn ftnnft&la; of the oarrhon at Siuknti and saddsst of all, it gives in Frouoh tbo last letter of Towfik Bey, in whioh tho brave Oir- casiian wrote hie final request for nisiitnnoe, conoludiog with the words : " If help dogs not now come I will match out with the men I have left, It is better to die on tho battle field than to starve like a rat fn Sinkat, or sur render liko a hare to the rebels." Aud eo he spiked his guns aud marohod out to bis doatb, leaving his blood to seat oo tbo heads of thoeo who had deirrted him, 