[CONTINUED FROM SATURDAY'S SUPPLEMENT.] MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT, AUTHORESS OF " JACOBl'S WIFE," ETC. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XX.-LK BRETON'S WIFE. Her start of terror could not pass unobserved. She neither screamed nor apoke, but remained as if fixed to the spot, with her- eyes turnod fear fully towards the shadow in which a dark figure seemed to move. She was not mistaken. The figure came for ward with a slouehing, side-long movement, as if this unexpected visitant were trying to keep %vitHin the shadow of the house. Ihcn came a ?smothered la^gh, then a man s arm roughly thrown round her, and a voice that she knew well. " Here I am, Polly, you see. Give me a luss for the sake of old times, and don t bear ^Ete^kitsed her on both cheeks, and then laughed again. "Come, Pollv; don't faint. 1 m no ghost, and I should be glad of a bit of welcome. I suppose you thought that 1 was dead 5" "I hoped you were !" she gasped, as she with drew herself from his sustaining arm and leaned pgainst the wall for support. She turned cold and sick, and her limbs (seemed to be giving way beneath her. " You've the old trick of saying a nasty thing whenever you have the chance, said Le Breton vindictively. " I never cured you of that al though I did my best. AY hat else liavc you to ^Pauline mastered herself by a strong effort, nnd raised a warning hand. " If you speak so loudly you will alarm the servants. Why are you here at this time of night V1 .' That's a long story ; I wanted to sec you on the quiet, for one thing. Let me in." "No-not into Cicely's house. "And why not 'into Cicelys house? he naked, mimicking her tone. I will come in, I tell vou : it is too stormy a night to stay here while we talk. Out of the way ; let me open the ^Pauline turned upon him sharply. "You will not enter this house without Cicely's permission, Robert Le Breton, "V on arc in my power at present; I am not in yours, as you seem to think. If you force your way in J shall treat you as a housebreaker, and call the m(" What's up now ?" growled Le Breton, evi- I dently awakening to the reality of her opposi tion, and quailing beneath it. " Take care what you say ; I'm not going to stand any non sense. What would you do if the men came ? They would all know me to be your hus band." , ' . c '< I should tell them that you were a thief, trad that they had better send for the police," gaid Pauline quietly. i) " And when the police came - " Then," she continued, unmindful of his Buecr, " I should give you in charge for robbery oud attempted murder in South Africa, on the accusation of Martin Deveril." There was a silence. Le Breton s hand fell from her arm. She knew by instinct that he .was frightened, although she could not see his face. But after a moment's pause he broke out with a savage oath. " Where did you hear that story?' he pro ceeded. " I heard it from Martin Deveril. " You ' Martin Deveril ! it all ? said the man violently. "Is Martin Devoril alive?" " Alivo and well. " In England !" " Yes." " Where?" " Her answer came low and swift. "I will not tell you where, unless you agree to my con A"ain there was a pause. Again Pauline felt rather than saw Le Breton was started by her knowledge and by her decision. " Hang it all, Pauline," he said at last, in a tone of angry expostulation, "do you suppose I am going to be bound by you and your con ditions because you have heard so;llp COCK-.*uk1 bull story of my dealings with old Deveril ? Uf course he says now that I cheated him ; he .would uever think of telling you the price that I paid for his trumpery garnets." «' Oh, yes, he did," she answered, calmly. " You gave him a blow with a heavy stick which fractured his skull, and nearly killed him. That was the price you paid. »It's a lie, I say. I saved his life from a gang of robbers. I don't suppose he told you that." . c " Yes he did. If you are innocent of any assault upon his life yon will not object to be confronted with him ? You would bo able to clear yourself in his eyes-and mine.' " Devil take it! Where is this man that you are so hand and glove with?" " Not far away." "Where, I say ?" "I will tell you when I choose, and not oe foro. Wait for me here a few moments; I will go inside and get the key of a place where we can talk more conveniently tlian we are doing now. I shall not be long. . He caught her thin wrist between his horny fiD"CStay !" he said fiercely. " Do you think I shall let you go like that! You won't give me the slip until you have told me all you know, my fine lady. We'll soon see which is the stronger, yJn°rsqneezedher -wrist with swell brutal rough ness that she fancied the bones would snap bet ween his heavy fingers, but she did not wince. She answered without a tremor in her voice and an inflection of uupityiug scorn. ik I am the stronger," shosaul, because your safety lies entirely in my hands. You know me of old: you know you could never make mo utter a word that I did not choose to say. Suppose vou hurt ine; suppose you killed me; what then. You would go out into the world unwarned, ami you would fall a victim to the fury of the men who have sworn vcngeance upon you. I am the only person who can help you; anil without mc your life is now not worth twenty-four hours ^"llis grasp upon her wrist relaxed. She had impressed him, yet he hardly daaed to trust ^"How ami to know that you will help me, even if you can ?" he asked. "Oh, you are my husband," she answered, coolly, " and, although you have forgotten the duties of a husband, you will soon sce^ that 1| have not forgotten the duties of a. wife." He swore a. great oath. " If you had not for gotten them before, I never should have left -you, Polly. I was always fond of you ' " Oh," don't let me hear any of that sickeniiiff folly again," said Pauline contemptuously. I would rather you said you hated me. Lot me go in. I will c Jins out to you again in fivo minutes. You know that I shall keep my word; I don t tell lies." , , ... ,, He let her pass, and shrank back into vhe dark shadow, muttering vcngcfully to himself. Pauline entered the house, locked and bolted the door behind her, and then ran upstairs. She went straight to Cicely s room. Cicely was asleep. When Pauline touched her she started up, Iier face flushed, her eyes yet dim with slumber, her pretty browu hair lying tossed and tumbled upon her pillow like a child's. The sight of Pauline, standing pale and rigid at her bedside, roused her effectually. "What is it? shi? said. 11 Robbers?" "Lie down," said Mrs Le Breton. "You need not get up. Robert Le Breton is here." "Robert Le Breton! Trying to get i.i said the girl, leaping out of bad and seizing her dressing-gown, in spite of Pauline's attempt to quiet her " I will scud him away. I will tell Richards and Smith to see him off the pre mises." " That is not what I want," said Pauline, in a repressive tone. " Listen to me, Cicely. You need not begin to dress yourself. All that I have come for is your permission for him to enter this houee. He need disturb nobody the garden-room would supply him with warmth and shelter for one night." " Why do you ask me? Did I not always say that lie should never cross the threshold of my house?" cried Cicely, impetuously. "Has lie forced you to come and ask me this question ? Then I say, No !" " You will not say no when you learn the cir cumstances. I must see him and speak to him at once. No delay is possible." " And why not?" " I must try to get that stolen property away from him; and I must put him on his guard." "What, against old Deveril?" *' Against Deveril and.Joel Bray." " I shouldn't," said Cicely. "I should let him get what he deserves. I would not lift a finger to help him." " You would if you were his wife." "I should if I were an angel-not unless I we !" " We are losing time, Cicely, You have the key of the garden-room in your little basket. Will you let me have it ?" Cicely turned to a small table beside her bed, silently detached one of a large bunch of keys, and handed it to Pauline. "Do as you please, dear," she said. "I should tell him to s»o to the iuo and come Again .it a proper hour to-morrow morning; but I have no doubt that you know best." " If I sent him to the inn," answered Pauline, " the whole village would be ringing with his return by to-morrow morning, and Martin Deveril would know that he had found the man for whom he waits. If we shelter him to-night, I hope to make terms with him and get him out of the house and away to London by break of day ; and then-then-I shall be able to think you, Cicely-but not be fore." Her voice had trembled, but she turned to the door >vith a perfectly steady face. Cicely sprang to her side, put her aims round her neck and kissed her. " You need never thank me," she said. "Do what you like. The whole house is at your ser vice. I love you too well to doubt you, what ever you do." As she relaxed her hold her eyes fell upon an object which stood beside her basket upon tho table. She took it up eagerly and offered it to Pauline. " Take my revolver with you," she said, "I always keep it loaded in case burglars make their appearance. I am sure that Robert Le Breton is worse than any burglar." "Then you had better keep it," said Pauline, with the ghost of a smile. "I think I can pro tect myself in other ways." She laid the shining little weapon back upon the table, close to Cicely's pillow, and left tho room. As she descended the stairs she did not hear a door upon the landing open softly behind her. A prying, watchful face came forth ; a dark figure with cat-like steps followed her as she made her way to the glass-door. Carnforth was on the alert. Mrs. Le Breton unfastened the door and uttered her husband's name. He appeared out of the shadows with a dark and sullen face, and. angry words upon his tongue. " Why have you kept me out here so long?" he asked. " I'm wet through pretty nearly. I had a good mind to knock boldly and tell them to let me in. What would you have done if I had ?" Paulino made no answer. She held the door open and let liim enter, then locked and bolted it once more. She had no light, and the pas sage in which they stood was very dark. Not many yards from them Carnforth had wedged herself into a niche in the wall, and was listening anxiously to every one of their words and movements. Her only fear was lest Mrs. Le Breton should strike a match and light a lamp in the passage, in which case she could not hope to escape detection. But Mrs. Le Breton did not seem to require a light. "Give me your hand ; I will lead you," she | said, in a low, clear tone. "Tread softly, Robert, and do not speak for a moment or two; the servauts might overhear you and come down." Le Breton muttered some angry ejaculation below his breath ; but he seemed desirous to satisfy her, and made an effort to move quietlj\ The husband and wife passed close to the cor ner in which Carnforth had bestowed herself. Carnforth held her breath till they had turned into the wide hall beyond the passage. There was a light burning in the hall, and the maid caught a glimpse of the man's face as Pauline dropped his hand and led the way. She stared with open mouth and eyes; presently a disjointed sentence or two fell from her lips. " Why, if it ain't Robert LeBreton! Thought to be drowned at sea, too! and now come back at midnight and let into Miss Cicely's own house ! What's the world coming to, I wonder !" She bestirred herself to follow the intruder. It seemed that Mrs. Le Breton was leading the way to Miss Lorraine's garden- room, which was seldom entered by any one but Cicely herself. It's separate door into the garden made it a con venient hiding-place for Robert Le Breton. The fire in the grate was still alight ; there was a broad sofa on which he could rest; and tho kitchen and the larder were so close that he could easily be supplied with food. Carnforth waited and spied whilst Mrs. Le Breton stirred up the fire, turned up the gas, and sot food before the man who had so strangely and unexpectedly appeared upon tho scene. At first little conversation passed between the two ; but when Le Breton's bodily wants were satisfied, it was plain that he wished to discuss some matters with his wife. Carnforth's curiosity was by this time greatly excited. She bethought herself of a large store-cupboard which had been let into the wall between the garden-room and an adjoining apartment. There, surely, she would be able to hear some thing of what was passing. She hastened to hide herself within it; but she had little reward for the pains she took. The wall was so thick that she could scarcely hear more than an oc casional word or two. Now and then, when tho voices were raised, she caught a name, a phrase, an ejaculation ; but hardly enough even on which to found a theory. Carnforth was nearly as much puzzled at the close of her eaves dropping as she had been before. " Well," said Robert La Breton, as lie finished liia supper, and turned somewhat sullenly to his wife, who had waited in sileneo for the con clusion of his meal, " will you tell me now what all this flummery means." "What flummery?" '. This lie of Deveril's or whatever his name may be.!' " Don't you know his name ?" "Hang it all!" exclaimed Le Breton, with sudden violence ; " will you leave off this beat ing about the bush, and tell me what you know about Deveril and his cursed diamond !" " I know this, that after pretending to assist him, and having left one of the men who had previously attackc-d him bound to a tree in the blazing sun, you treacherously struck him down then, thinking that ho was dead, you robbed him of a number of precious stones, and left him in the middle of the road. I presume that you were interrupted in your work, or you would have thrown him over the precipice." She saw from the change which passed across his face that Deveril's story had been strictly true. Rage, hate and fear would not elso have been so legibly imprinted upon his countenance. He answered with a vehement denial of the charge. Pauline looked at him contemptuously. " You are not very wise, Robert," she said, coldly. "You never know when it is your interest to speak the truth. You had much better trust me. I might be useful to you if I I knew the whole story ; half truths are dangerous things," " I know that when you do choose to help a fellow you can do it well, Polly. iou've a better head than I have, any day. But as for old Deveril's tale, why " "Is it not true said Pauline, keenly regard ing him. He hesitated, looked at her furtively from beneath his bushy, dark eyebrows, and then tried to laugh. " Suppose it were " ho said. " Is it true, or is it not true ?" " Well, Polly, it's true in the main. There was a little scullie, and I did think that he was dead, and that I might constitute myself his lawful heir. Bless your heart, if nobody never did anything worse than that in the colonies, we should lead a quiet life, and no mistake." Pauline's delicate eyebrows, her mobile mouth, and quiet eyes, expressed a degree of scorn which even Robert Le Breton could not mis take, although she did not speak a word. " Confound it !" he said angrily : " what are you staring at me in that way for ?" "I was wondering how many more false hoods you meant to tell," said his wife with cool contempt. " It is extraordinary to me that you do not see how much more to your own ad vantage it would be to speak the truth some times. I suppose it is impossible to you. Well, let us take all the story for granted. I want no more details. I only wish you to understand one thing-that Martin Deveril, the old man whom you tried to murder, and Joel Bray, the miner who became mad from the effects of your cruelty, are both in England, waiting for you ; Dsveril, in order to put you in prison for rob bery ; Joel Bray, in order to avenge his wrongs by rather more violent measures. I know where they are ; I could give you up to them if I choose." "But you don't choose, Polly? You wouldn't do it." '' I thought you said that you wero innocent ?" " You wouldn't give mo up-even if I had robbed the old fellow, would you, Polly»" " I have not many scruples about it, Robert. I am not sure that I ought not to give you up. I am very sorry for that poor old man. His heart is sot upon finding you." He uttered a groan of impatience. She smiled at it; she played with him as a cat plays with a mouse. " It might be my duty. You have been a bad husband to me; I might wish to bo re venged." Then suddenly she changed her tone. "Come, Robert," she said, "I do not want to be hard upon you; but if you will tell me the whole story, and promise mo one or two things , that I am going to ask, then I will help you to chide V.he search of Martin Deveril. But I will have the story and the promise first." " Yon shall have the whole story," said Le Breton doggedly. "And if you don't like it, it won't be my fault." He told the truth this time, as far as it was in his nature to tell the truth at all. He gave her a fairly accurate accouut of the miner's at tack upon Martin Deveril, and did not try to conceal the fact that he had been anxious to obtain possession of the diamond for himself. " But, hang it!" he concluded, " there wasn't a stone in the lot that was worth the risk I ran. Now tell me where old Deveril is?!' "If I tell you, will you go away and leave me in peace ? Will you agree to my staying here, and not write to mo, or trouble me again ? And will you tell me what ba3 become of the stones?" " You're hard on a fellow," said Le Breton, sullenly. " I wanted you to go with me to America. I've never cared for any woman as I care for you, Pauline. . You always suited me down to the ground. You knew all my ways. But I suppose that I shall not get you away from Lady well very easy; you've got too good a berth to throw it up in a hurry. All right; I won't bother you to come. Only, just tell me where Deveril is, that I may keep out of his way, and I'll bo off and never trouble you again. The stones ? I lost every one of them when I was swept overboard; I swear I did." " You had better leave the house before day break, then," said Pauline, with perfect tran quillity; " for Martin Deveril lives in Ladywell, and you will hardly escape him if you show yourself in the open street." (Tobe continued.) 