THE SALVATION AKMY'S NEW BARRACKS. laying the foundation stone. I Yesterday afternoon, the ceremony of laying the foundation stones for the new Salvation Army Barracks, which are now in course of erection in Elizabeth- street, was carried through with results most satisfactory to all who are engaged in the movement. As the weather was beautifully fine, the procession to the sceae of the new building was a large one, and as it pro ceeded along the streets its ranks were swelled considerably, till it reached its destination, where another large crowd was awaiting the commencement of pro ceedings, We may here mention that about three weeks ago, tenders were called for foundations of a barracks for the Army, the Hallelujah Circus or Tent, although very large and well-lighted, not providing sufficient accommodation. In due time, tenders were sent in, and that of Air J. Collins was accepted. Little delay took place in commen cing work, aud although they have been only a couple of weeks in progress, yesterday witnessed the laying of the memorial stones. Since Marshal Balling ton Booth's arrival in the colony he has labored with untiring zeal to provide funds for the new barracks, and it is mainly owing to his genuine earnestness in the cause that it has already so well advanced. A few minutes after 3 o'clock, ia the presence of about 1500 people, Marshal Booth addressed the assemblage, stating it was a proud day for him to be present at that ceremony, and it would also give his father much pleasure if lie could have been present at such a gathering. In speaking of the gr?at progress the army had made, he said that there were at pre sent 16 different War (Srys in existence, published in 13 different languages, and in Great Britain alone the circulation was half a million. In the different parts of the world there were 400,000 soldiers and recruits of the Salvation Army marching beneath the colors, and at least half a million of people who had formerly spent their days in drinking, f gambling, and dancing, could be found in the aTmy barracks every Sunday evening. The army numbered 2400 officers employed in the work and 900 stations, at which as many as between 19 and 20 services were held weekly, and the number of hearers in different parts were estimated at nine millions. He described, in eloquent language, the benefits of the army, and said that they were moral scavengers netting in the sewers of society. They did not, however, fish in other people's water, but tliat they sought to address themselves to the lower grades of the community, who alone understood the common evils of the world. In the language of a colonial Premier, he would repeat that they came from their daily occupations and sought to penetrate far into the night of sin, to which a section of society had wandered, and to bring them into the full midday of God's happiness and peace. In the colonies the work had also advanced rapidly. The circulation of the War Cry numbered 74,000, and their readers 204,000, presuming there were four readers to each issue. Their officers numbered 300, and their corporals 150, and their hearers, at least, 125,000. Since he had been to Tasmania he had visited Hobart, and had opened a barracks there, which had been purchased for £1000. He had also visited stations at Latrobe, Longford, and Deloraine, all of which places he was pleased to find had been visited successfully by soldiers of their army. He then called upon His Worship the Mayor, who said he had attended this ceremony to hear from Mr Booth's own lips the particulars of this great organisation. If he had been asked if it were necessary to establish another church in Launceston, under ordinary circumstances, he would have said no, as there was at present sitting accommodation for the whole of the town, if they chose to attend. But perhaps this building was needed in another respect. There were persons in Launceston who never darken the door of any church. There seemed to be a missing link, and he thought the Salvation Army to a very great extent suf-p'.ied that link. They desired to get at the masses of men, women, and children who are ignorant of God, aud to a great extent the Salvation Army supplied that want. Their officers go into places where many of those present- would not like to be Been, aud by that means they have rescued many souls from destruction. It was to assist them, therefore, in that great work which Our Saviour came on earth to perform, that he was there to-day. It was in that direction that the Salvation Army brought its powers to bear, and under those cir cumstances he felt it not only a duty, but i a pleasure' to be present. He hoped the ! army would go on and prosper in the good woik. He then laid the stone, declaring it ' well and truly laid' in the honor of God, and hoped His blessing would, rest on the undertaking. Marshal Booth then proceeded to lay the sec and memorial stone. He said in laying the stone he did not intend it should be done in any human name or in the name of any human organisation, but it was done to seek the glory of God, and in the name of tho .SkUmhou Army, and also in the name of the general (whom be had the privilege to represent) on behalf of the workiDg classes. He then placed I the stone aud declared it well and tru'y | laid in the mine of the Father. Son, and j Holy Ghost. A volley was th: u fired, after which tiiu Marshal said i-iiforlunately little time had been give n to those kind frienda who had promised subscript ions, at Ita-.t two or three wteks' notice should have been given, but, no doubt, now they could see what had been dore, they would come forward, and he would be glad to receive them. The question they had to face was how they were to meet the sum required for the building, but it had been provided for already. The barracks would be 95ft long, 45ft broad, and it would srat between 1100 and 1200 people. He hsd no hesi tation in saving that not only at the open ing of tbe building, but st all subspqiient Sundav meetings it would be well filled j by that class of pi-rsons whom it was their desire to seek. There was a difficulty at first in racing the money. He asked a Building Society for a l^an of £1200, and offered them the deeds of the land as security, accompanied with the promise that fliey would raise the building, worth at least £10,000, but in spite of that tho soc:ety required a collateral security of £600 more. He thought this was rather stiff, especially as in Victoria their pre mises were worth about £46,000. How ever, 20 gentlemen came forward, and gave in their mines as security for the £600, and the difficulty was got over. After a good earnest volley had been fired, Marshal Booth called for subscrip tions towards the expenses and in a very short space of time £50 all but a few shillings were handed in, each large sum bem? awarded a special volley of 'Aniens.' Whilst the subscriptions were rolling up, the Marshal stated that the Mayor was compelled to leave to attend the Council, but he (the Mayor) had just communicated to him that he could look to him for a subscription. (Another volley.) At about 4'20 p.m. the proceedings terminated, and a move was made for the Oddfellows' Hall, where a tea-meeting on an extensive scale was held, one sitting taking place at 4*30, one at 5*30, and another for the working classes at 6*30. After the tea, addresses were delivered by Marshal Booth, Cap tain Quick, and several other officers, the proceedings terminating at 10 p.m. 