SPORTING NOTES EVENTS TO COME, Milmobnt, - March 4, Glknklo TURF CLUB.-March 25, Nominations, Fob, 27, Weights, March 5, Acceptances, March 18, SiRATiiDOWHiB.-Wodnesdoy, April 1, Nominationa, March 0, Acceptancea. March 27, Coleraine.-April IB ana 10, Nominations, March 18, Weights, Maroh 18, Acceptances, April 2, HAMILTON,-April 22 and 28, Nominations, Maroh 6. Weights, April 14, Acceptances, April 18, Tlio Brat day of tbo V.R.O, autumn meet ing was ushered in iuauspioioualy, heavy rain falling during tho nighb and continuing far into the morning, Tho weather oleared up towards the afternoon, however, and by the time Bport oommouoed there was a fair attendanoe on tho oourae. Business oom. mouoed with the Eaaendon Stakes, one mile and a half, weight for ago, Six started, Commotion and Malua dividing favoritism between them, Off Colour, Metal, and Plausible led alternately for the greater part of the distauoe, when Commotion went to the front, Malua, who had been lying last, oame «ith his ueual run, but he failed to reaoh Commotion, who won by two lengths, Regi nald beat Off Colour by half a head for third place, The time waa 2m, 47|8eo. Six was again the main in the Ascot Vale Stakes, a three-quarter-mile flutter for two-year-olds. The issue lay between Monte Christo and Uralla, both in the sauie stable. The latter shot out in the last few strides and won by half a length, Dunlop being a moderate third, Only four weighed out for the St. Leger, The field ran pretty well together at a alow paoe for half the journey, when Silver King went to the head of affairs and led home a winner by two lengths, half a length separate ing David from Mozart; Tremanao waa last two lengths off. The time, Sm, 32Jaeo,, was 7faec, alower than Martini.Henry's time last year. Value of stake, £400, Thirty horses contested the Newmarket Handioap, Coronet starting favorite at 5 to 1, When fairly within the straight the favorite shot out, ana although Middlomaroh oame very fast and joined issue with him he failed to reaoh Coronet, who won by a length, Sheet Anohor was a good third i then followed The Ghost, Leporello, and Sir Garnet, The absolute last was Velooipede, the Queensland horse, Time, lmin. 194seo. Value of stake, £830. The Hopeful StakeB resulted in favor of Juanna, by Gang Forward, Girofla and Sunny Days filling the plaoea j eleven others started. A dozen toed the mark for tho Brunswick Stakes, and after a good race Grace Darling got home first by three>quar« tera of a length. Madoap waa Beoond and Distiller third. I regret to record the death of the raoe* horse Lo Grand, who died through injuries received while undergoing a preparation for tho V.R.C, autumn meeting. Injury to the spine was the primary cause of death, Le Grand was bred by the late Sir Joshua Bell, of Queensland, and was got by the imported horso Epigram from Legend. He was a most successful performer on tho turf, having wun, as a threo-year old, the Mares Produoe Stakes at Hawkesbury, the A. J.O. Derby, A,J.O, Craven Plate, Randwiok Plate, V.R.O. Royal Park Stakes, Geelong Mares' Produce StakeB, V.R.C. Champion Stakes (boating Commotion, Off Colour, Martini Henry, and others), A.J.O, St, Leger, and Cumberland Stakes, Le Grand wsb a particularly well bred horse possessing great substance, and his Iobs will fall very heavily on his popular owner. Mr. D, S. Wallace. 