? «. ? ENTERING INTO REST. [Bt Rev. Hexhy Ward Beecher.] ' when they heard these things they were | cut to the heart, and they gnashed on him with j their teeth. But he, being full of the Holy j Ohost, looked up steadfastly into heaven and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God, and said, behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of Man .standing on the_ right hand of God. Then they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and ran upon h'» with one accord, and cast Hwi out of the city, and. stoned him ; and the witnesses laid down their clothes at a young man's feet, whose name was Saul. And they stoned Stephen, calling upon God, and saying, Lord Jesus, receive my spirit. And lie kneeled down, aud cried with a loud voice, lord, lay not this sin to their charge. And when he had said this he fell asleep' (Acts vii., 54 — 60). The most extraordinary sleep, that was^when a man was being pelted to tieath with stones. Stoning was a Jewish punishment— probably originated with some of the heathen ' nations about them ; but we j have no certain record of its origin. Among the Jews it was often used as a means of putting to death those who were obnoxious to the people, or who had incurred the death penalty by crimes, or who had excited the j enmity of a crowd. It was threatened against j Jesus, aud inflicted on Paul, who was left for ] dead, butafterwardsreeovered. Stoning was not ? a cruel death. Itinightbeinadeso,butwhenexe- j cuted under judicialsuperrisionitwasdeath. It j mightbeinade so, but when executed under judi- i cialsupervisionitwasnotnearlysocruelashang- | ing — which is really the most barbarous method of inflicting death ever devised; far more so than decapitation. It was while Stephen was bearing witness of his faith, the new faith, to a crowd more than superstitious — fanatical — ? that he was stoned. As they could not reply to his arguments they stoned him. And this has. been the method employed first and last, ever since the creation, by such as have, no ready cogent answer — for there is j mo reply to a good stone well thrown. If an ! opponent vanquishes an audience with argu ment they stone liiin, and think that the shortest way to end the controversy. At first Stephen was not the object of the people's wrath ; but as they listened to him it in creased, until it became evident to him that ine end was nigh. When it came to pass that they began .to stone him, he received, perhaps, tiie analler stones first, for there was no order in the throwing.^ Each merely picked up what \- missile came to hand. What must he have felt ? How would you feel if you were suddenly set upon in the street with a shower of stones ? Your first impulse would probably be to run ; your next, perhaps, one of retaliation and anger; then of fear. But whatever it might be, it would certainly not have been so quiet as was the state of mind of Stephen during his last moments on earth. He had a vision of God ; he saw the heavens ?opening and Jesus sitting on the right hand of -iod. Whether it was real or not is imma terial ; to him it was real, and he had all the immortal impulse that could be derived from Its reality. As rejgards this vision of God, I am inclined to think that it was reaL The . testimony of multitudes of people that in the dying hour they see glorious visions and hear sweet music, and that there are strange and wonderful revelations wafted to them. from, the other world, has been largely derided by science; but what does science know about the brain and about the higher operations of the human soul ? We know that under certain circumstances the mind of man almost, if not quite, acquires what is called second sight, the state of the seer ; and .in the last stage of life, when all the blood of the body pours upon the brain and gives to it its highest state of activity, how do we know that it does not come to a point when the unseen becomes the seen? How do we. know that that which gives the finest form, in life to genius, which gives almost .the power of prevision to men finely organised, may not then make the. un seen perceptible to the inward sense, the in ward faculty ? You may say 'That is the result of the folocd rushing upon the brain and exciting it, as in delirium/3 Even so; it may be that through this action of the blood we may be come conscious of spiritual things of which we would otherwise have no knowledge. While the rabble is stoning Stephen to death he prays for bis enemies as Christ did— 'Father, for give them, they know not what they do ; lay not this sin to their charge.' It was a gracious mood for a dying man ; it was the very atmo sphere of heaven himself into which he was .soon to pass. The raging crowd pressed around about him, and by-and-bye, growing hotter and hotter, they poured rocks and stones upon him in greater quantities, till he died. But how is it described? ^'He fell asleep.' Of all the lullabies that were ever written this i3 the strangest. 'He fell asleep', to the tune of -stones hurled by the fanatical crowd. Not the 'kind of a song a tender mother would sing her Jjaby to sleep with, and yet, amid cruel, brutal -stones, the record is, 'He fell asleep.' I wish you to call to mind the wonderful tenderness and .'delicacy of the Sacred Scriptures upon the matter of death. In the Old Testament we shall find, with the exception of one book, and that a dramatic book — I speak of Job— death is always spoken of, I will not say with respect, but. with great tenderness and beauty. ' They . are gathered to their fathers' — a beautiful alle gory, or of a homeless wanderer going to home . and rest, and kindred in the evening of life; and throughout all the Old Testament, except where it is' used for dramatic or poetic expression, this delicacy of allusion to death is preserved. In the New Testament the same tone is preserved in a manner, if pos - table, still more tender. It is called ' Sleeping in Jesus,' Peter says, ' Since the fathers fell asleep all things continue to this time.' And Christ's own words, ' Lazurus sleeps, I go to awaken him out of sleep ;' and again to the centurion, 'The maiden is hot dead, but jdeepeth.' All the way through the New Tes tament there is not a single gorgon'e head or dragon's head, nor anything such as lingers in Christian households, taken from pagan ideas and held to be emblematic of death. Consider how long our childhood was tormented by that grizzly monster with the scythe-^how yet, to the defilement of our sacred literature, death : ' is made to be a monster and a despot. Gloom ' and darkness hover around about the thought. We are poisoned with the ideas of barbarism \ in' spite of our Christianity. Death is not an 'end, it is a beginning, a seed. What it will ; bring, forth no man can telL The fear of death : Isftrofold— the fear of the actual death itself, -^hd the fear also of what is beyond. Yet for the 'believer in Christ all this is made easy. The life to come is assured. The soul is led gently by the Saviour through the Valley of the Shadow. Still, the feeling is one of shrinking. I do not wonder at it when I consider what sort of theology Christians have swallowed for cen turies past. The scholastic theology, filled with gloomy ideas sifted through stern Roniish minds. from teachings of pagan Romans, has '-*' ' come down to us, until the representations of ?:- ' death that exist in the literature of Rome are ' ' more abominable and cruel than all the vices ? ' '?'?? ot aJl the NeroB, or anjr other of the corrupt emperor*. The scholastic conception of dying . ?-. '-.'. and of death are unworthy of reason, un _ ?- -,_ '- ' - ' worthy of conscience, and are blasphemous to God and to His government. They have no i oundation in the New Testament, none cer tainly in the Old, and they ought to be purged . out or our imaginations. Yet it lingers with us ; and when death has come the household has not one note of triumph, not one star shines through the grief, not one door of flash ing light is opened. We cover the pictures, we shut up the instruments of music, we close the windows and shut out the light ; we have a black hearse with plumes plucked from the wings of midnight, and we send for our minister, who doles out lugubrious, mournful themes, and we sing awful hymns. And then, because our child has gained the coronation of glory, and is in the arms of Jesus, and rests from all labor aud ti-ial and temptation, we put on black— black over the head, black around the neck, black down to the feet, black inside ! We carry the habiliments of woe and darkness and gloom, and think that we can *ee death everywhere. No other thing is as this. The one thing that men carry every where with them, and they are bound to share alike with brothers, strangers, friends — is that one thing that is borrowed from the despotism and cruelty of heathenism. Not one joy, nofc one thanksgiving, not one gleam of faith and hope, not one promise of Jesus Christ, not one single second of immortality and glory is psr mitted to cheer the soul. AJl is night — black night, hopeless night. Sinful the whole of. it — KKchristian, ungrateful 3 Consider fora moment what death is in the order of nature. It is not strange to us that the rote blooms and then falls ; we learn to see the flowers bloom and die. It Is not strange to us that the bee lives buta few short months. It is not strange that the birds come and so with the seasons ;that winter follows summer ; that the trees cast off their leaves and stand waiting for the resurrection of another year. All the ordinances of Nature should teach and familial ise us with the notion that life move? in a narrow circuit and that death is but the completion of the circuit. Death and the ruin of the body are as natural as birth. Men were not bom to live for ever, but to die as the fruition of birth. As to all that applies to dying — the fright and the horror engendered bv the instinct of self - m-eservation workinsr upon the imagination, making multitudes of men dread it as an awful struggle — there can be nothing more untrue. It is certainly not an infrequent occurrence that from the nature of the disease one may liave paroxysms of pain before the end comes ; but the general ordinance of nature is that as death ap proaches the nerves are all deadened and the reuses are dulled; that there is no pain, no consciousness, and dying is a great deal easier, as a general fact, than being born. There are loud crys in being bora, there are none in dying ; and all those horrible goblin stories of death-bed struggles and tortures are false. I appeal to those nurses of the sick who stand by the dying every day of their lives, whether, as a 'general rule, death is not almost always 'falling asleep.' .And it is so spoken of in the New Testament, where Clu-ist is repre sented as a mother — or a parent, at least — and where men, wearied with the long day of life, grow at last tired, faint, and run to the arms of their Saviour, God, and 'fall asleep in Jesus.' Is there anything move beautiful aud natural than the tired child, wearied with play, running to its mother at the close of day and laying its head upon her breast, the smile half formed on the little lips, and the eyelids closing again and again, till finally sleep steals over it ? And so the New Testament describes dying as 'falling as!eep_ in Jesus' — in His aj-ms. All the pains and imaginary distresses of the dying hour are false — false in re gard to the reason, false to the emotions of that hour, false in regard to all physical pain whatever. As a general thing, then, there is a hundred times more suffering- in the fear of death than in death itself. It is very singular that almost all the universal impres sions of mankind are contradicted by ex perience; but it is true that the universal dread of dying is formed of impressions proved by Christianity to be utterly false. What, then, are we to think ? Is dying to be coveted ? Are we to break down all barriers between life and death? Would it not lead men to take their own life as an escape from the burdens and trials they suffer here? I am under the impression that no man takes his own life, certainly none of our race, until his excitement has unsettled his intelligence ; and that the act of suicide is presumptively the act of in sanity. Nature has fortified man against fcuicide, and Christianity adds her protest asrainst his taking the disposal of his life into his own hands. But there is uo reason whv we should not make the approaches and avenues to death more bright and beautiful than they are now, that we should not take the grime c.S the walls of the chamber of death. Cue of the most beautiful things I ever saw in my whole European tour was the burial place of a Prussian Queen, wlio died during the great struggle against Napoleon, when the nation was ground almost to extinction, leaving her kingly husband inconsolable. At some distance from the capita!, and in the midst of a solemn wood, he built a temple to. her memory. It was marble. As I entered the light shone down through blue glass, casting a sad, sorrowful tone on all that its rays shone upon. But further on, upon entering the inner chamber, I the cheerful light of God's sun streamed in | through the numerous windows aud illumi [ nated the ceiling, which was covered with I glowing Scripture passages of death and ina ? mortality. And there in that blessed sunlight '. lay the sculptured form of the queen, forming I the most perfect embodiment of rest and peace and triumph that my eyes ever beheld. There was nothing sad or sorrowful or painful to be seen ; only the light of the glory of God as set iorth in the sun ; and the whole room glowed with cheer and brightness, and the monument j was not gloomy but peaceful. I bless God ! with, all my heart for that sight ; it has been a ? comfort to me in many a dark day and long ; struggle of suffering, for already have I seen ! the triumph of death, the sweetness and the | peace of victory in that monumental marble. j And you are my witnesses that in my whole ; ministry among you, in your houses, over the ; forms of your children — everywhere — I have sought to bring back your minds from the backsliding into heathenism up to the radiance of Christian hope and the joy of death. It is a great deal more important that you should live right than that you should live long. Fill up 1 your lives with deeds of usefulness. Re_fine I and elevate your tastes, your imagination, : your reason. Cultivate those beneficent dis positions that ally you to God and are the veiy atmosphere through which He reveals himself to you. ; Fear no death, fear no circumstance of death. But' fear unprepared death ; and that is unprepared death which leaves us longing : yet to live. To depart and be with Christ is j better than life, saith the Apostle. If we i could but separate death from its terrors, and ; see it as the hope of the life to come; if we ?' could see it as the weary watchers of the night seethegradualapproachof thedawn, of thebright morning star, the sun of righteousness coming ' fast after it ! If once we could but see that . the service of God is the service of love, and ' that the gift of God to those that serve Him is ] peace winch the world cannot take away ; that ' the end of life itself is victory and'that death ? is- release, coronation — if once that could be '- done, how different would be the household 1 from what it is, in our experience! Dearly beloved, so live that when you come to the ? hour of departure you shall leave the word of s cheer and hope to those about you ; or if it is ? not given you in your latest hours to speak, j and the cloud hangs heavily over you, let those that are about you say, ' He fell asleep,' while angels add, 'in Jesus.' Aud when , God, who brought Him again from the dead, 1 shall bring yoti with Him, life and light aud I joy for ever shall be the end of this mortal conflict. 