THE COALITION GOVERNMENT- Tiieue be prophets who are al prophets of evil, and ttie Alvloourn. correspondent of the coumry jouinib are generally seers of this gluomy charac ter. They aro busy ut juus-nt in f l - casting the disintegration anil spo«ny downfall of the preseut M nistry. and although everyone kuo-vs from tin lessons of bi&t; .rv thai couli ion Gureru- ments bear within thein the seeds of their own fatality, nnd although w« nr- t A on« lUot O 1I11A t.llO tf m llilllrill' WUUIiH tW v/- correspondents— ur own ti w.t— »r Often extremely Well iuformel, wo think In this case th. y ure premi ure in fixing an immiuent period tor the collapse of tho Service admini-tiati >u. There ie no doubt that, as we nil ulong an'icipnt the Bkrky Licem-iiig Bill — with its lnc' op'iou without complete compensation, its tyrannical restriciions, its iii nile propo sitions for preferring tie virtue of a certain class of young women, who ur-. above all others, v.-ry ve 1 aul i to tak-- carA of themselves, and the savagi pemlties for the slightest infracion of the law — is calculated to awake the d-roM ang.-r of its opponent and 'he astonish m»nt of all rea-onat le jreepl-.-. It i Eimply n matter of wonder that it was ever introduced by a Ministry comprisin.- such men as Air Servi«e, Mr Kerferd and ATr Gillies, ou any other supposition than thai those whom the gods wi-h to destroy they first deprive of their reason, or that the Bill was pari of a compromise between them and "Mr Beiiry. It may bo that the latter undertook th-i task of managing the new int -i colonial tariff between t.iis colony and Tasmania, as if any of his Free-trade colleagues took charge .1" that bus'iu-ss it wonld have been immediately said chit it was the thin end of a wedge which was ti rend Protection asunder; whle they in retnrn probably agreed t » let Mi- Berry have his way about a licensiu measure. The throe friends might 'ike- wise havo really feared tlint Mr Berry would not have hesitated, m spite of them, to make local option nn election cry and they hesitated !o cist him adrift o Buch a question, which might lie, for all they knew to the contr u-y, ti-c very thing at which ho aimed. For of this we f-r-1- morally certain, that none of the three gentlemen named can approve of, much less be in love with, this inc'o m I'linp which Air Gaunson, in his characteristic manner t-tyles " a leprous me isnre." Be that as it m iy, we do t ot think the Bill the rock upon which the Coalition Go- -rernment is destined to wreck it elf. In- dted, from i's very nature, scope and in tention, it is u measure ou which its in troduced may virtually uivo way nil along the line, without si-eming entirely to abandon it ; hut there is ( f course th- pos-ibility thit it may he thrown ont al together on tho third rending, afler being torn to nieces, as it i- certain to bo, in committee. "Whatever ocenrs to the Bill, .one tVing is cer'ain, that it will so greatly enlarge, 'tr.iitbcn and oncourng.- the Opposition, that they will be able to attack oth- r measures of the Govern ment with more courage and be't"i- chances of succos. In one sense, however, the agitation which it he aroused lias shown mod rate men what they woull linva to expect from aggresive tee'otilism, if it should In- allowed to get the upper hand. From an attack ou the pnblicms, they would proceed to demolish the brewers from theminsof thebr vptiaq /iicftllarfac they would dynamite the wine merchants, and uproot tho vineyards and hop gar dens. They admit as innch themselves, and Heaven, or the other place alone know? where they would stop. "We have re peatedly warned them that their extrava gance wcnld entirely de-feat their more ra tional ideas, and we would now commend to them the consideration ef a recent rejoinder of Lord Bramwell to an attack on moderate drinking by Arch deacon Farrar. The learned judge Bays, " Punish the mischievons drunk ard. Punish those who supply drink to the man drank already, and pnnish the adulterator. But respect the rights and opinions of thnss who do not agree with you ; avoid the evils that attend on lawR which have not tho support of public opinion, feeling or nsage ; bo charitable to those who tbink otherwise than yon do." ' A 'Bus-drivers' Strike. — The drivers oi tno iueiDourne ummous uompany struck work on Sunday, in consequence of the action of the directors ia summarily dismissing thirty-five men. Out of 230 drivers employed, 213 struck work. Thir teen 'buses turned out, bat two soon afterwards returned to the stables. Prac tically, the " Telegraph" states, the com pany did no work. Parliamentary. — Badness in Parlia ment this week will be confined to two or three bills. In the Legislative Council the Explosives Bill, Bids of Lading UtU, and Supreme Court Acting-Judges Bill will be proceeded with. Each measure has been considered, but not finally dealt with in committee. In tbo Legislative Assembly tne debate on mo second reading of the Licensing Bill will be resumed by Mr Boslsto, and until that measure is rea I a aeo'ond time, Bays the " Argus," the Go vernment will not submit any other im portant business to the House. Last ses sion a very convenient arrangement was made for dealing with the estimate, the hours for Government work each Wednes day being devoted to that business. It is very likely that Mr Service will propose that that course befollowed again this session. A Lucky BIine-owner. — Air Lansell, the " Herald" states, lighted upon a tub of lnck in his No". 180 claim, at Sandhurst. 1 The last return was 323oz. odwt. from 434 ton. Albury Couusisn Clcb. — In conse- qu-iice of the Corowa Show and Local Laud Board meeting, the Albury Coursing Club have altered the date of their opening meeting from Thursday, the Gth, to Friday, the 7th August. Toe club have oigagitd the Albury racecourse. A half-holiday has been proclaimed, aud special I r tins will run to aud from the Albury railway station and the racecourse platform. The Clara Stevhenson Dramatic Com- i-asv. — 'f hi company opened at St. George's Hall, Wangaratt. on Friday evening, it Mr J. B. Buckstone's well known Adelphic play of " The Flowers of tin. Fnr.-st" — a drama nroduced some forty years ago, and ill which the celebrated Madame Celeste pliyed the P?1. Cynthia, and Paul Bedford aud \\\ nght the low comedy parts of Cheap John and the Kinchin. Miss Stephenson has gathered around her a very excellent com pany, some of the members of wlnch are no strangers to this district, and whose ef ficiency was markedly shown in the pro- trayal of the varioii.«ch:ir.icti-r in thedraina — the talented manageress filling the role of Cynthia iH a very pic'uresque and forcible manner. Mr Fred Wills pl iyed the part of the Kinchin without " overstepping the modesty of nature" by what is known as over-acting. Air Albert Norman (late of the Dan Barry troupe) and of whose ahiiiiie-i «-o have a hieh opinion, played luinael, the gipsy chief, in a telling manner. They were well supported by Messrs llaynes, Billy Dayman and Aliss Asliton. On Saturday night the Irish drama by Dion Boucicault (who is now playing at the Theatre Itoyal, Melbourne), entitled " Tho Shaiighraun" was produced, and the eame care and attention was best owed on this drama, as on that of the previous evening ; but the patronage was not commensurate to the abilities of the company, although tho attendance was much larger on Sit unlay than at tho precediiigrepr.-s-nta'ion. How ever, this is the dullest season of the year, and the nirlils beins: very cold, people arc averse t-> leaving their comfortable fire sides. We learn that the company were well paironised in New South )\ale, the takings there having averaged £150 per week, for a period of five weeks. _Tlie company commence a season of four niirhts in the Oddfellows' II >11, Beechivorth, this (Tuesday) evening. W.lnoauatta BoUOL'Oll COUNCIL. — A meeting of this council was held oo Alonday, for the annual election of mayor ; there being present the mayor (Councillor ATeldruin) and Councillors Brash, Brown, Sharlaiul, Thomson, Phillipson, Tone, I'inkerton aud Bickert-m. Tue mayor having been voted to the chair, thanked the members of the council for their for h, arance and kiiidm-ss during the p»ri«d he had held office, lie proposed Councillor I'liillipsoti as mayor for tho next year. That gentleman had been mayor previously, and during bis term of office had shown great capability for the position. Councillor Brash had much pleasure in seconding the motion, which was carried unanimously. Councillor Phillipson said the honor was quite unexpected by liiin. He would try his best to fill the office with efficiency, and hoped he would be supported by the council. They had got on very well for tb.e past twelve months, and he hoped tVeir business would be carried on f-»r the good of the borough. He would do his utmost to promote that object, and pro posed a hearty vote of thanks to the ex- mayor (Councillor ATeldruin), who hud achieved tho desired object of giving general satisfaction. Councillor Bra-di seconded the motion. Councillor Tone endorsed the statement of the new mayor, and said that Councillor Areldrom had been most attentive to his duties as mayor, and he wonld take steps to have nitn appointed a justice of tho peace. Councillor ATeldruin thanked tho council io: their kindness, and stated that he had only d-.u»e his duty, and had aimed at not exceeding his duly. The council then adjourned. Wrestling. — A wrestling match for £100 nnd the championship of the world, between Messrs William Miller and Donald Dinnie, took place on Satur day afternoon at the Bijou Theatre, Mel bourne ; the building being crowded with spectators. The contest was a most in teresting one, and resulted in Aliller's favor, he having secured two falls, to ' Dinnie's one. The styles of wrestling observed were three — Grajco Roman, Scotch and " mixed." The return match takes place on the 15th inst. Arrival ok the AIail. — Tho It AI.S. IVkin, with the English mails, np to June 26, arrived in Hobsoi.'a Bay on Sunday morning. Letters, «fcc., for these dis tricts were delivered on Monday. Telegraphic. —A telegraph office has nn..ti nnonnil nf flin Mrttv notit.nflit2i). Hitnl field. Ooachbuilding. — Wo were Bhown the other day a very well finished waggon- nette from the shops of Alessrs Anderson and Kilgonr,of Chiltern, wheelwrights and blacksmiths. It was a really good vehicle, and one that should give good wear to tho purchaser. Accidents at Rifle Butts. — Now that rifle clubs are recognised institutions throughout Victoria, and their members require to keep up regular practice to render themselves efficient sh-ts, some better and safer system of marking must speedily be devised and generally adopted, to prevent accidents happening to persons entrusted with that necessary, but (at tho present time) perilous duty. It is but a few weeks ago that a man was fat dly shot by a careless rifl man while marking at a target in Gippsland ; and wi'hin (ho past few days a member of tho Beechworth liifie Club had a narrow escape from serious injury, while engaged in a similar capacity at the local butts — a "splash" rrom uie target a' rising mm in me lace, and a piece of the lead making a deep incision in the left temple, near the eye. Atonday's Melbourne papers contain ac counts of two accidents to men engaged in marking while rifle-shooting was going on, on Saturday — the one fatal and the other of a serions character. The first un fortunate occurrence was at tho North Williatnstown butts, where a man named John Thompson was shot through the body, and expired shortly afterwards. The second case is reported from Alexandra, where one member of tho local rifle club shot another, who was marking for him ; tho bullet entering just bolow the right hip-joint, and lodging half-way down the outside of tho left thigh, from whence it was extracted nn hour and a half after wards, under chloroform. The patient, at latest advices w.is progressing favorably Football. — The thirl match this sea son between teams representing tho Beechworth Club and the " Trades" came ofi at Baarmntha Park on Saturday afternoon, and resulted, after a good game, in a victory for the c'uh by three goals to one. The goal kicker were Greig, Molyneux and Page for the club, and Trim for the trades. Smallpago and Drenen captained tho respective trams, and Mr Milne as centra' umpire gwe general satis faction. On Saturday next the retnrn match between Beechworth and Chiltern will be played at Chiltern. ' Ghostly. — A new ghost is reported (snya the " Advertiser") to have been seen on Thursday night, on the road leading from Maryborough to the White Hills, by two young women. It is reported to be of the male persuasion, and not partial to any clothing. One of the females said that what little it did wear was white ; she was not positive whether it wore a shirt, a sheet or a dicky. Featherbed Soldiers. — Tho Gtrrison Aitillerymeii stationed at Qtteenscliff do not appear to have taken kindly either to their quarters, officers or bill <-f faro since their removal to tho Heads. They have also objected to certain fatigue duty as uusoldierly, and the " Age" hears it on i1 antli.intr 4liit mi(i vnillhftil soil of .Mnrs complained that he had been served with mutton ck<ps for breakfast three mornings in succession, wliertas another messmate had teen served with a delicacy in the shape of pig's cheek. A Sensible Innovation. — Mr Speight has ordered a pair of light steps to bo at taclied to every passenger van on the Vic torian Railway., s<>|:hiit in the event of an accident ersudden break-down of the train away from the platform or siding the guard may be enabled to allow tho passengers to alight from the carriage with the aid of them. Hitherto (siya the " Herald"') the practice in such cases was to al.ow the passengers to alight, tho beat way they could, at ureat risk to themselves, but now they can utilise the steps advantageously. This system lias been found to work excel lently in England. SiLVERT'iN. — The greatest want, says the " Silver Age," on the Barrier silver- field at this moment is water. All else to ensure rapid progress and lasting pros perity is at hand i:i abundance. At Sil- verton most of the townspeople aro now reduced to using water from lire wells for all purposes, and «ver tho whole of the field a short and failing supply is com plained of. The quality of tho Sihvr;on well water has been repeatedly lauded in official report by persons who are not obliged to drink tho water ; but it may be more correctly judged from the fact that this week an order was sent from Silver- ton to Terowie for a cask of r.iin water, which «n arrival the consignee intends carefully to preserve for his own use. We venture to say that in the annals of Australian settlement this order stands unique — at least in our experience, and it extends over a considerable period in the " dry country." We have never heard be fore of water being carted for such a dis tance as 130 miles. Elevation of Akchbisouoi Morax to the Cakdixalate. — The correspondent of the " Argus" on Sunday telcgraphel : — The Very Rev. Dr O'Hnra, admini-trator of St. Mary's Cathedral, lias rec.-ived a cablegram fiotn Rome announcing officially that Archbishop Morau has been elevated to the cardinalate. Cardinal Mnraii wilt remain in Rome for some little time before proceeding to Ireland, but has arranged t > 'cave London for Australia about the middle of Septeinb-r. At a meeting of the St. Mary's Building Fund Committee, after vespers to-night, the Cardinal's elevation was announc-'d, amidst- great applause, ny cue very lie v. o. j. i>urron, diocesan adminis>rator, and the opinion was expressed that some steps should be taken to immediately communicate by cable to the archbishop and the Pope the feelings of pride and thankfulxcss in spired in the Roman Catholic community by the auspicious event. A preliminary meeting to make arrangements for sending the proposed messages will be held during the week. A Lucky Purchase — Wo ("Oorowa News") aro informed that beforo the Waterloo Cup was run Mr Arthur B.ilme, of the tirin of Kiddle and Balmo, Gootn- birgana -S. it ion. purchased the greyhound slut Rhoduxtho for £150, aud backed her heavily to win the event. The slut came in an easy winner, securing to the fortunate investor something liko £5000 in bets, besides £500, tho amount of tho cup. Dr Lang, of Corowa, owns "a slut by the brother to the winner. Common Added to. — Tho Onieo Gold- field Common has been increased by tlie addition of fifteen thousand acres of land in the parishes of Biugo-Muiijie North, Bingo Mutijie South, Cobutigra and Omeo, being tho unappropriated Crown lauds comprised within tho watershed of the portion of Livingstone Creek above its junction with Wilson's Creek. Warden's Clerk.— Mr H P. Stephen has been appointed to act, temporarily, as warden's clerk at Tallangatta. Police Reserve. — 100a lr 5p in the parish of Dederatig have been reserved as a site for police purposes ; a notification to that- effect havim been published in the last "Government Gazette." Customs Officer. — Mr George Edgar Brown, officer of Customs at Howlong, has been appointed to act in a similar capacity at Gooramadda. A Workhouse Seized for Debt. — The Tulia Workhouse, in Co. Clare, Ireland, has been seized by the deputy sheriff and bailffs, under a writ of execution obtained by the late solicitor to the guardians, who refuse to pay hitn a portion of his salary. On board day, the guardians assembled at tho usual time, and to their astonishment found the baliffs in occupation of thechair and vice-ch.iir respectively, positions which they declined to vacate until ordered to do so by the deputy sheriff. Much indigna tion prevailed among the guardians, who, however, performed the routine business and adjourned, leaving tho employes of the sheriff masters of tho situation. A sale to tho amount af tho claim will tike place, in the absence of a settlement. A Teacher Complained Against. — At tho last meeting of the Rutherglen Shire Board of Advice it will be remembered that a denotation of narenta wlioan eliit. drcn attended the Brimin and Black Dog half-time schools attended to lay a format complaint against Mr Anrisch, the teacher. Although the persons concerned objected to make a written statem-ut of their gricr. nnceft, say tho " News," a promise was exacted that they would attend and give evidence at nn inquiry. On this the Board communicated with Mr Rix, the district inspector, with the result that an official in quiry will be held at the school-house oil Thursday, August Ctli. Penny Postage and Cheap Telegrams. — The Postmaster- General has repeatedly received representations in favor of the system of penny postage, and of offering further facilities for cheap telegrams by allowing 10 words to be sent for sixpence Mr Campbell, according to the " Argus," desires it to bo know n that lio has no intention of interferng with tho Bixpenny telegrams until they have had at least a year'strial.and that the heavy lossat which the department is crroied on precludes tho idea of recommending penny postage for the present. A Four-footed Bird. — An American naturalist, Mr E. M. Brigham, has an nounced the discovery of a four-footed bird nn the Anabijn River, in tho island of Marajo, at tho mouth of the Amazon. Curiously enough, the hird is four footed i only in tho early part of its life, and after a few day ono pair develops into wings, j The bird resembles a pheasant. albury Improvements. — The building trades have not been s» lively in town as they are just now for many years past, states the " Albury Banner." In Dean- street tho h.indsmive buildings in course of erection by Mr George Day f_>r Mr M'Leiiuan and Mr Cittlin are making good progress, and when complete.1, will be a notable feature ia local street archi tecture. A little further on, tho o'd building formerly used as an office by Messrs C. L. Griffith and Co. has been outirely transmogrified by tho present owners, Messrs Nagle and Gordon. The wa'la have been raised, the interior re modelled anil fitted up anew, and tho front ornamentally finished with cement, the effect of these alterations and addi tions beina that of transforniinrr onn of the most unsightly structures in the principal thoroughfare into one of tho handsomest. M-'ssers C. L. Griffith and Co. are also building a new office alongside. At the eastern end of tho Market Reserve the new telegraph office is rapidly approaching completion, and bids fair to bo the most imposing in appearance of all tho Govern ment buildings. Near tho corner of Olive-street Mr St-lle is building a fine two-s'orey structure for a carriage fact iry and show-room for vehicles, and sevi-r.il cottages aro also belli; erected on an ad joining allotment. Near tho railway terminus, in David and Macauley streets, a number rJ cottage residences havo been commenced, and a row of shops is b-imi htlllL alt tftrt IdtTttl Ati il nf In the way of public halls there is lik-dy soon to lie aa abundant supply. Since tho completion of tho large hall of the Me chanics' Institute another has been finished by the temperance organisations, near the AUmry Club, in Kiewa-street, nnd the local lodge of Foresters have just decided to devote their accumulated funds to the erection <>f a handsome liall in Smollett- street. The cost of this building alone will lie over £1500. Tho. members of tho Hiheriiia'. Society also purpose buildiini a hill on the fine site opposite St. Patrick's Church, at the corner of Olive awl Smol lett streets. The above -mentioned build ings, however, represent only a portion of tho total number now iu progress, as shops and villa residences are going up in every part of the town. Gems in Europe. — It is well known that the most splendid pear's in the world belong to Mine. Gustavo de Rothschild, and that the historic rubies of the House of Nassau are owned liy Mine. Nathaniel. Mine. Eupliriissi also has some inagnific-'iit. ruliies, and Mrs Mackay has an enormous "tie, for which she pai l G0.000.1 -la to BoHclicr.ni, of tho Palais Royal. The Duchess of Edinburgh and the Prince de B-.-arn also have splendid sets of rubies. Sapphires are not half so valuable as rubies, lint are the favorite jewels of our day Of course there are sapphires and sapphires, but the heat aro very limpid, ami npjK-ar to have a sireat depth of coloring in them. The Branicki family has some valuable ones, but tbo finest known tobe in existence is that given by tho ex-Empress Eugenie to the Paris Muaoimi of datura! Historv, whicli is worth 20,000dols. Pink and black pearls are iu high favor, but, unfortunately, it is easy to color imperfect snecimens, though i the latter ate easily tested by electricity. ,le newest gem conies from Siberia, and is called Alexandrite. Li tho sun it is like aw em-rald, but by artificial light it has an amethyst tint, and gleams with other colors besides. It is equally becom ing by day or night, and is therefore likely to be a groat favorite with ladies. Paper from Seaweed. — A Japanese in ventor has discovered a means of making paper from seaweed. Tt is thick in tex- turo, and from its transparency can be substituted for glass io windows, and when colored makes an excellent imitation of stained glass. A Vieroimx Atiileti: in Scotland — One of Geelong's champion footlnller?, who occupied a plnce in the team four years ngo, has gained for himself the title <f champion amateur athlete in Scotland. Mr R. II. Morrison,thcg'>ntlemanrefcrrcil to. who is at present with hi brother studying medicine at the Edinburgh University, has recentlv won the half-mile Ohnnipion Swimming Match, for which all Scotia's crsck swimmers compe'ed ; hiuI a local journal, after speaking in high terms of ndiuirKtien of Mr Morrison's style and speed . of running, says that he is un doubtedly the first and most successful amateur runner in Scotland. Somo idea of his various victories in the athletic field may he gathered from the nnmher of trophies lie lias won : — x\ clock, coffee pot, tea pot, claret jug. two ink stands, gong, two biscuit holder, two butter kniue, cream and sugar stand, pickle stand, two cups, barometer and thermomct -r in oak case, field glase, dressing case, and 1(5 medals of various kinds. Mr R. H. Morrison is a son of the principal of the Geelong Scotch College, and a brother to .Mr E. Morrison, who some time ago led the " Age" expedition in New Guinea. Licenses Approved. — Robert Hug- han, jno, 310a, Tnoinbullup ; Randolph Hughan, 300a, Tnombullup ; Win. A. Rlackstnck, 22Ga, Boweya ; Tho. R. Fair, 115a, Boiveya ; Win. Jolly, 221 a, Boweya; Georgo C. Salisbury, 25a, Taminick ; Georgo C. Salisbury, llOi, Taminick ; Earnest B. Amory, 222a, Boweya ; Joseph McGnire, 4Ga, Tarrn- wingee ; George Robinson, 40.i, Boorha- inan ; Albert Mull, 3Si, Tarrawingeo ; John E. Oliver. 210a, Oxley ; Albert Stomann, llGa, Byawatlia ; Chari- s Fine- mor, 25 1, Boutherainbo : Th"s. Fimmior, 25 1, liontheramho ; Hiram Horrocks, lOLa, Tarrawingeo ; Robert O. Edwards, 124a, Barandnda ; George M-rrison, J04i, B irwidgee ; John Walk-r, 8(1 1, Wertna tong; John Jumison, 300.i, MulHndolin- gong ; Robert Jamison jno, 320a, Mul- lintMingong ; J.ttnee Sheath-r, 182a, Cudg.iwa ; Win. Carknek, 24 4 i. Wabha : John Dor.ui, 129.1, Tnwong : Archibald Hill, 116, Towong; Thomas Newbound, 9a, Gooramadda ; Win. McDonald, 15», """'"a i .lunm win, uza, lAorong ; Thomas Arter, 122a, Dederang ; Fn-dk. Briggs. 137a, Mullngong ; Richard Birton, 320.i, Giindowring ; John Schollard, 120a, Bruarong :John Ron in, 320a, D.-J.-rang Tlioinis Kendall, 71a, Yackaudandah ; Th-nias Kendall, 120 1, Y.ick.indindah ; Catherine E. Thornley. 100a, Keren ny ah North ; Richard Gard, 99s, Yackan- dandah ; Win. Skelian, 309 1. Whoroulv ; H. H. Pearce, 11,000a, Yackaudandah. Conscience Money.— The circum stances connected with tho return of conscience money »n the Education Department by an old teacher are cer tainly singular, rl«t-s the ''Herald." The offender," wlmm tho hand-writing flbnA'tl tn tv> N wnm in nilnrrnrl tlrai X>.l »... t i««»« « r » ug rectvod from the Government by fraud in ISG3, aoil to atone for the sin. has sent. £35, which includes principal and in terest at ten per cent and cos ,.f adver tising. The conscience-stricken offender, however, appears to place lurl- fafrh in tho protity of the higher officers of tho department, and this is evinced Uy the conditions made, fi,r only li-.'f of each note lias been forwarded, wuh an inti- mition that the remaining halves will follow the acknowledgment, which was t> be made in the Press. Under the old Board of Education each school received £2 from Government for every £1 col lected in fees, and it. was by supplying a false return that tho offender received tho additional £4. The Municipal Elections— Beech ivorth United Shire. — Nominations of candidates in connection with the above closed at four p in. on Monday. In the Shiro Riding tho two former representa tives (Mr John Wilson, of Woorageo, and Mr Win. Pettigreiv, of Stanley) were un opposed, and will therefore resume their seats at the council-table ; but in the Borough, in addition to the farmer coun cillors, Messrs J. Fletcher and F. Allen, Mr Joseph Wortheiin has been nominated. For the position of local auditor, Mr A. M. Morrison has been re-eloeted ; no op position haviug been offered. The three borough candidates are displaying signs of activity, and as each has a large circle of friends, the contest will 110 doubt prove a close anu interesting one. i ut triennial licensing vote will be takvii in the latter riding, but not iu the shire, where no contest takes place. Meisrs Wilson and Morrison, by advertisement in another column, thank the electors for their return. A Rich Silvrk Lode. — An important discovery of a silver-bearing ironstone lode has been made at Cowra station, sixty miles from Silverton. It has been traced for upwards of 12 miles, aud in one place reashes the extraordinary width of over 400 yards. The surface as?ay gives from two to twenty-four ounces of silver per ton. Poor Flour. — An experienced baker nitorius the AI. A. Mail that Hour tins season is generally deficient in strength, aud does not make bread of the quality he approves. He attributes this to farmers having grown wheal till they exhausted the soil. North Ovens Shire Council. — The monthly meeting of tho above council was held on ALmday. A largo quantity of correspondence received was read and dealt with, the report of tho road inspector adopted, several works therein recom mended ordered to be carried out, and a number of accounts pa=sed for payment. Tho length of our report of the proceed frigs precludes its insertion in our present issue. A Prohibited Game. — The time-hon ored game known as " a shilling in" is apparently doomed, so far as B lirnsdah- ia conceriii-d, as tho " Advertiser" believes the local publicans have received a gentle reminder that it is illegal, and prosecu tions will follow if it be permitted in their establishments. The Price of Wheat. — Farmers and holders of wheat are well pleased (says the ' Murchison Advertiser") with the rise that commodity is taking in t'te market, as much as 4 having been paid f"r it lately. Wo are informed that one grain hnyer at Murchison l>-.-ciino the purchaser of a largo parcel (li-tweeo 2000 and 3000 hags) at that figure last we-ik. Australian Cricketers. — It will pro bably ho esteemed as a compliment in colonial cricketing circles that tho Aus tralian cricketers are greatly missed in England this year, romarks the " noino News." The home cricketing season is without exception the dullest on record. Not only do tho mr»3t celebrated matches arouse 110 inicresi. anil aiiracc compara tively few spectators, but they are played without spirit or remarkable skill. The act is that since the Australians have visited England, nothing but ihfa most sensational cricket will go down. What used to please tho public last year was the extraordinary surprises of tho game. It has been said that a match is never lost till it is won, and this was undeniably tho c-isc whenever the Australians played. Th<-y were unequalled fn ihe tenacity nnd pluck witli which tliey held on when the chances seemed hopelessly against, them, and pliyed a losing game even better than a winning one. A general hope is en tertained that a good eleven will got to gether to risit this country next year. Russian Gf.ms. — The throne of tho Empress of Russia is completely covered with plates of gold, and contains 1500 rubies and S000 turquoises, besides many other rare and costly gems. It is generally conceded that Russia possesses more precious stones than any other nation. The jewels in tho Cathedral of Moscow- alone aro valued at about £2,000,000. Fatal Ballooning Accident. — A bal loon in a circus at Charleston, West Virginia, whilo being held awaiting ascent, swayed against a furnace generat ing tho gas, nnd caught fire. This frightened tho men holding the ropes. They permitted tho ball-n n to escape with Mr Clarence Williams, the aeronaut, in the car. The balloon ascended rapid Iv and collapsed at 1000ft elevation. Air Williams fell to the erth ; his body turning ovor several times during tho fall. His arms, legs and back were broken, and his body crushed to a shapeless mass. i\ iragic occurrence. — At a recent church festival at Cotopaxi, in Alexico, a band of thieves conspired to extinguish the electric lights in the cathedral, and take advantage of the confusion and darknpss to rob the people asserablod there. Tho leader of tho gang threwawireovertheclec- Iric light wire with tho intention of drawing it down and opening the circuit ;but some other ground contact permitted the elec tricity to pass through his body, killing him instantly. Tho members of the gang made good their escaoo in the confusion caused by tho tragic death of their leader. Mount Vesuvius. — Continued eruptions of Vesuvius are reporto-1 in the latest mail news from Italy. Recently a now opening came inside of Alonnt Vesuvius, near the Terro dol Greco, 12 kilo-meires from Naples. Lav.a abundantly flowed from tho now month, while tho grand crater only bolched reddish smoke. There was a panic in Terro del Greco, tho site of which lias been Beveral times covered, first in 1G31, when many thousands perished ; again iu June, 1794, destroying the cathedral, churches and houses, and last in 1861. Grants Appkovbb. — Amelia J. Adams, 19.i Or 14p, Wodonga;A. P. Chauncy, 19a 3r 39p, Cobungra. Recreation Reserve. — 6a 3r 22p of land at Rutherglen havo been reserved as a site for public recreation. The Bank Robbers. — Whilst the clothes belonging to the Simpson's Road hank robbers, which were taken out to Pentridgo on Tuesday last hy Sergeant Detective Livie, were being searched a few days ago by Warder Strogeon that officer found secreted iu the bottom hem of the trousers belonging. Hie " Herald"' understands, to Caney, alius Alcock, seve> half-sovereigns. 