THE OAKLEIGH HAVDXGAF EHTRIES. Fob the Oakleigh Handioap, -which is to be rnn at the V.A.T.O. Meeting on the 14th March next, Mr. James Wilson, jun., is the largest nominator, with five to his name. They comprise Alphabet, Meteor, Ring Eviaaed JSilrac>Kinr Nfc J Inglis has entered Minna, King of the Gipsies, and Achilles. Mr. C. H. T. Hart has Country Buy, St. John, and Gymkhana engaged. Xantippe, Claptrap, and Iron master have been entered by Mr. John Wblttlngbam, &d;<3 Blink Bonny and Stafford by'-MrrR. G. Talbot. Mr. P. Dowling has Bolivar and Queen of the Sea to represent bim, and Mr. O. S. AgDew Hobart and Waverley, Mr. R. Love has First Love and Topaz, whilst Mr. D. M. Robertson's Countryman and Rovat Irishman will do battle for bim. Dirk Hatteraick and Precious Stone have been entered bv Mr. J. D. Robert son, and Oarbunole and Napier by Mr. J. A. Lang. Mr. J. G. Reid will have Nunoio and The Ghost to run for bim. Single nomi nations drawn from various sources make up the very respectable total of 62 entered for this evidently favourite distance over the Kennel couree, five and a half furlongs. The horrible railway disaster at Coota- mundr&haa; a painful interest to sporting.men, as so many of the sufferers are Melbourne metallicians, three of whom, Messrs. Schneider, Israel Barnard, and young Cohen, are very seriously injured, while Messrs. Joe Thompson. Austin Saqui, T. P. O'Brien, Laurence Zucker, J. Harper, and J. Levy are each more or less injured. Mr. Harry Giles escaped most miraculously, almost unhurt, and at once pluckily turned his attention to assisting his less fortunate companions. The cour ageous adieu of Mr. Giles cannot be too highly commended, and the newe of hie con duct must have enhanced the . popularity amongst sportsmen which he has always enjoyed. The following wire, received on Monday night from Joe Thompson, graphi cally describes some of the incidents of the' sad affair : — "I have ventured to sit up in bed. To attempt to give a description of the sad disaster would be impossible. We simply beard the brake applied hard, two bumps, and then a crash. Our carriage, the sleeping cor, was telescoped, and was full of water. The greatest miracle that could have oc curred was that the roof came off, which saved us all from a watery grave. Another extraordinary occurrence was that the engine parted its couplings, and our carriages, instead of going down the stream, took an incline upwards. Then came the cry of the distressed. I was one of the first that reached land, swimming against the current. Looking round I saw Harry Giles swimming With me, and our dear friends-rolling for help. I said to two of my companions, 'For God'e sake struggle for your life ; I can't aesist you ; I am crippled.' I then turned round and saw Harry Giles, Welleeley, Wcl- man, aod Pattieon straining every nerve to aseiet their fellow-creaturee at the risk of their own lives. I feel confident if it had not been for these three men more than one-half of ue would have been numbered with the dead. The most painful part of the accident was that it rained in torrents, and it wae 12 at night before we were sheltered. 1 may mention that I never saw men work better in all my life than the Cootamundra people, taking off their coats to cover the wounded, and working in all the rain without them. It is a pitiful sight for this township to see a hospital full of wounded and an out-house with dead. My heart bleeds to say anymore on the subject. I am blessed to be one of the living, and feel extremely lucky in getting off with my ribs broken and a plentiful supply of bruises. I forgot to mention that Mr W. Murdoch, the cricketer, was standing in the flooded streets and rendering us every assist ance. I hope to be in Melbourne to-morrow night. I tell you I am home-sick, and remain, yours truly, " Job Thompbon." Delays, in spite of the old proverb, are not always dangerous, for amongst the sporting men who fortunately missed theepeoial which oonveyod the Victorian oontingentof metalli cians to Albury were Messrs. W. Maher and Joe Raphael, both of whom, I believe, had seoured berths, and wonld most assuredly have travelled by the ill-fated Sydney train on Snnday had they not been late in returning from Eleternwiok Races on Saturday. Wil liamson, the jockey, has also oauee to " thank his stare," as he was telegraphed for to take a mount at the meeting, bat at the last moment declined to go. A little bird tellB me that when Malua and Bonnie Scotland were youngsters to gether the last-named used to run away from Begot, and as the same Informant also avers that the chesnnt son of St. Albans — Mayflower is in great heart just now, he will want watching for our Newmarket Handi cap, in which he has the feather weight of fist. 71b. Ms. A Souneideb, who was seriously in- i'ured in the railway accident on Sunday, is, may state, the New Zealand metallioian- wbo, some twelve months baok, arrived here from that colony, and who, judging by the complimentary notices written on his de- Sarture in the New Zealand sporting Press, i as popular in Maoriland as he has made himeelf daring his brief sojourn in Victoria. No market move of any magnitude has yet been made in connection with the two big Antomn handicaps, and until the return of "the big books" — Messrs. Thompson, O'Brien, M. Jaoobs, Josephs, and Co.— from -Sydney it ia hardly likely- that any horse will be backed "for money." Commotion is still quoted at five to two for the Champion, while a thousand to two hundred bar one is freely offered. I AN glad to be able to write that Hales, whose condition was so bad ten days baok that his life . was almost despaired of, has once more "snatched the race out of the fire," and although the straggle was a sharp one while R lasted, just managed to win on the post. If Hales takes my advice he will remove to his station at Wagga, when the climate suits bim admirably, andonly take a rnn down to Melbourne or Sydney for the big meet ings, and then return. Auonbt the oldest identities of the Vioto- dan ring rank the Barnard family, who have booked the field for the past twenty years. The yonngest of the four, the irrepressible Micky, who for some months has been laid up, put in an appearance at Elsternwiok on Saturday, and I was glad to hear that,altbough still on crutches, he is gradually getting stronger, and hopes by the Autumn meeting Ito be able to "fly round" the paddook with double-event book and pencil. Yesterday morning, at Flcfhington, I noticed the Champion winner, Ue Grand, with O'Brien up. The crack got over couple of miles in excellent fetjle, and be certainly looks none the worse for his fall last week. I have always entertained a big opinion of Mr. Wallace's horse, and, all going well, I shall expect him to even eclipse his wonderful record of last year, when he ran second in the Newmarket Handicap, third in - the Australian Gup, and around up the meet ing by winniog the Champion. It is on the cards that he may repeat the latter perform ance this year. Honesty, the imported American crack trotter, has been pnt in training at Elstern- wick, while his mate, Contractor, will be put through the mill at Bayswater. Both horses are under the supervision of the brothers Barr. The death of Mr. James Johnson, which AMporrftLon the J23rddnat- willlprove >;lof "hartitQ keplobu in rim apoitiagjrorior l&ur; - some years baok Mr. Johnson has filled the onerous position of judge at the V.B.O. meetings, and although he h& frequently bad to adjudioote. on eome very close things, his decision bas rarely been questioned, while his uniform oourtesy to the Press representatives was not the least notioeahle of his many good-qualities. Although three months ago Mr. Johnson's friends were rendered. anxious by his being seized with a slight apopleotio fit, the end was somewhat sudden, despite thefaot that on New Year's Day he also complained to many of his old friends that he felt as if he were breaking up. Mr. Johnson was legal manger for several Ballarat mines, and attended the meeting of the Sooth Imperial Oompany a few days before his death, whioh occurred at his residence, Bellfield, Bnninyong. He was the second son of Colonel Johnson, K.G.B., commander of the 99th regiment, and was a genuine sportsman long before he arrived in Viotoria. Deceased was fifty- eight years of age, and leaves behind him a widow and a large family. . I question if Mr. Tom Coffey ever had a ess profitable animal in hie etable than HARRY VAUGHAN, LONG DISTANCE PEDESTRIAN. Prince Patrick, and during the time the son of Irish King was an occupant of that trainer's boxes the horse never succeeded in catching the judge's eye once. No sooner, however, does the despised one change hands than he wins the Ladies' Bracelet at the late Ecbuca Races. However, as the race was for amateur riders, it is more than probable that the victory was due more to the jockey than the horse. The gentleman who races under the nom de course of " W. Neill" appears to be most happy in his selection of " casts-off." Chippenham — who was purchased by that gentleman, and who won the Grand National and several other steeplechases- was thought too alow by almost every one, including his trainer ; and now, again, Schobeloff, who, a few weeks back, was bought for something under a century, has placed a hurdle race to that gentleman's . credit at the first time of asking. Surprise, a ohesnut horse, by Countryman — Venue, who is allotted 7at 81b. in the Newmarket Handioap, was' one of the first animals backed for that event on the de claration of the weights. He is trained by H, Tothill, who, I remember, served Lord Wilton up pretty warm for race last year. ' Impulse (by Hamlet), who occupied a box in Mr. Abe Davis' stables, and was the property of that well-known sportsman, Mr. Hurtle Fisher, has changed hands for £120, Mr. Robert Sevior being the purchaser. Salvo has left Mr. Grippe' stable and gone into that presided over by Mr. Ike Fonlsham. Lbandbb, a eon of Kingdom, who won the Maiden Plate and Hurdle Raoe io succession at the Terang Raoes on New Year's Da y, has been purchased by the well-known cross country rider, Tommy Oocrigan, the price paid being arid to be £200. Warbler, who is by Tim Whiffler out of Oantatrioe, one of the Frenoh imported mares, and engaged in the Newmarket Handiap at 6at, ran in the Hurdle Raoe on Saturday-last, butoame to grief. Pilot, who is engaged in the Geelong Racing Olub'a Foal Stakes on Saturday, and Buttress, a filly by Angler out of Forireis, arrived from 8ydney during the week. They both look well. Yesterday morning the oolt, with Williamson np, did long, strong work, and appears to be improving. The bookmakers who, as a result of the Cootamundra catastrophe, were incapacitated from attending the Sydney Turf Club's An- niversary, have experienced a dual mishap, as, in addition to the shock sustained by the accident, the mortification' that must have ensued when the news reached them that five ont of the six raoes (including the Anni versary Handicap) were won by outriders, and that with foor exceptions every one of the fielders present "had a skinner" over the Anniversary Handicap, was doubly gallxn g, and is another exemplification of the old adage that misfortunes never come singly. However, their losses on this occasion will, no doubt, go to swell the damages in the coming actions. Don Quixote, Le Grand, and a oolt by St. Albans from Starlight, in charge of that painstaking trainer, Walter Higinbotham, arrived at Flemington on Wednesday last. Unfortunately for Mr. Donald Wallace, Le Grand, on leaving the railway station, turned fractions, and, rearing repeatedly, came down heavily on his knees, which were cnt badly. This accident may interfere sadly with the horse's chance of repeating his last year's victory, but I am pleued to note the Cham- ; pion winner was on the training ground on Friday morning, and his trainer is of opinion that in the course of several days he will be able to pnt him into work. and the general pnblio as to who will be appointed to the position of judge to the Viotoria Raring Olnb, rendered vacant by the demise of Mr. J. Johnston, who so long and worthily filled that responsible position. The formidable Brighton stable presided , over by Foulsbam has received an addition in The Andes, who claims St. Albans as hie sire. Ike evidently believes in the St. Al- bans stock. As Mr. Henry Skinner, the well-known caterer, purchased the whole of the privileges at the Geelong races, the Fivotonians may rest assured that the inner man will be well provided for at the forthcoming meeting. On the 4tb March the Green Creek annual meeting will be held. A Hurdle Race, Trial Stakes, Stewards' Cup, Green Creek Handi oap, Handicap Trotting Race, Flying Handi cap, and Consolation Handicap will have to be nominatedfor on the 3rd March. Advertise ment in another column gives fuller particu lars. Merlin, the winner of the Anniversary Handicap, U a black gelding by Wild Eagle out of a Lucifer mare, and is owned by Mr. J. Cannon, a Sydney metallician. The geld ing won a maiden hurdle race at Bourke on the 22ud May, 1884, carrying list., which he followed up the next day by placing the Handicap Hurdle Race to his owner's credit, who at that time was a Mr. Byrne. That he is more than a moderate animal is prored by the fact that he came out the same day, and over a mile won the Flying Handicap, with 8st. 4lb. up, in lmin. 48sec. Merlin ran with very bad luck in deed at the late Wagga meeting, gaining the barren honours of third in the Shorts', second in the Grand- stand Handicap, and second in the Ladies' Bracelet. Taken alto gether, he has been a pretty consistent per former both on the flat and at the illegitimate game, and his owner, who made no secret of the horse's abilities (although he left the paddock at 20 to 1), well deserves his win. At the Victorian Trotting Club's St. Patrick's Day Meeting the pilces de resistance will be the Elstern wick Park Gup and Mount Macedon Trophy, of 200 sovs., with a piece of plate, presented by Mr. P. G. Dixon, valued at 50 guineas. Entries must be made on the 12th prox. The weigbts will be pablished on the 9th March, and acceptances are due on 13th March. Messrs. Campbell. Prait and Go. sub mitted yesterday, at Kirk's Bazaar, the fir»t draft of thoroughbreds from Mr. D. H. Hfll'e Lindenow Estate, Gippsland. The first lot offered was Volta, by Wollomai out of Lady ; he was knocked down for 44 guineas. Oeorope, by Woilomai ont of Doubtful, found a purchaser at 54 guineas ; and Candsoe, a beautiful filly by Wollomai ont of Stream, was passed in at 160 guineas. In our advertising columns will be found the programme for the Clunes Raring Club's annual fixture, which will eventuate on the 12th of next month. Nominations for the Flying Stakes, Welter Handicap, Open Handicap, District Trot, and Hurdle must be in the hands of the hon. secretary on the 2nd February. The weights will be declared on the 6th, and acceptances fall due on the lltb, at 8 p.m. Trib week the Kyneton District Raring Club publish their programme for their St. Patrick's -Day Meeting in onr advertising , columns. It comprises a Hurdle Race, of 20 sovs., two miles ; Kyneton Handioap. of 100 sovs, one mile and a quarter; District Handioap, of 50 sovs., one mile; 8ellinjg Race, of 30 sovs.-, three-quarters of a mile; Lauriston Handioap, of 75 So vs., three- quarters of a mile; Ladies' Bracelet, a welter handioap, gentlemen riders, one mile and a quarter. Nominations must be made on the 19th February, and the weights will appear on the 9th Maroh.- The night of general entry end acceptance Is fixed for Friday, the 13th of the latter month. In glsnoing through the V. A.T.C. nomina tions I notice there are two Meanders engaged, one being entered by Mr. 8. Miller in the Steeplechase, and the other by Mr. S. Grim- wood in the St. Valentine's Handicap. One owner will have to change. That smart selling plater, Mistake, bas been entered for the Oakleigh Handioap in Mr. " W. Neill's" name. Eros, the burdle- rsoer, has also become that gentleman's pro perty. Maurice Griffin, who, until twelve months back, occupied the training atables now leased by P. Kelly, bas disposed of his hotel at Boort, and is about to start training near Melbourne agato. Me. G. Cbipfs has taken Iris, a filly by Sussex out of Peerless, end Bulla, the steeplechaser, in hand again. At the Kingston Races, S.A., held on Thursday) ast, amar? nam ed Sea Shell whilst r limbing in FaH and hyrtlcft Tier neck. - Beauchamp, her rider, was badly, but not dangerously injured. Mb. G. F. Saxas, the honorary secretary of the Numurkah Turf Club, wires me that tbe olub is growing rapidly in importance, and tbe support accorded it has resulted in a earn of £200 being spent on improvements, the more particularly that of feneing in the course. Nominations for the principal races to be held there on the 18th February dose ou tbe 3rd prox., and the weights will appear on the 10th. Aooeptaooes and other entries to be made on night of general entry, 14th February, For the V.A.T.0. raoe meeting to be held on the 7th February oapital entries have been received. In the Novel Selling Race there are nine nominated, and in the Handicap Hnrdle Raoe thirteen. Twenty- two good animals have entered for the Hawsksburn Handioap, and the Steeple chase has an entry of eighteen. In the St. Valentine's Handicap, in which the two- year-olds get a show, thete are twenty-five youngsters, who should provide an excellent race over the five furlongs. In the Selling Steeplechase, whioh brings the programme to a conclusion, there are ten nominated. All horses not scratched for the Hurdle Race, Hawkebnrn Handicap, and Steeple chase at 4 p.m. on Thursday, 5th Fobrnary, will be considered acceptors. The Corop Jockey Club's programme for their meeting on 4th March will be found in our advertising columns. Eotries for the Cup, Hurdle|Race, and Flying Stakes are due on the 19th February; the weigbts will appear on the 25th prox. On the night of general entry, the 3rd .MaTcb, nominations for the Maiden Flate and Trot must be made. Nominations for tbe Sydney Gup to be ruu at the A.J.C. Autumn Meeting on Easter Monday must be made either with the secretary of tbe V.R.C. or A.J.C. before 4 p.m. on Wednesday, tbe lltb Febrnary. Mr. G. Ibbott, of Lower Jernsalem, has just sustained a serious Iobb through the compulsory destruction of his thoroughbred stallion Fairy King. Says the Ztomouiafi Mail : — " The horse in attempting to jump a fence got one of bis legs entangled in a rail, sustaining severe injuries to his hook. After remedies bad been tried, tbe friendly bullet bad to be called loto requisition to.put him out of bis misery. Fairy King was Lred by Mr. G. Ibbott, and was got by Cotberstone from Fairy Queeo, owned by tbe late Mr. Wm. Kearney. He was pretty well aged before he raoed, beiog found difficult to train. James Chant won tbe first raoe with him, and hie trainer ateo gave him his early lessons in cross-oouotry work, at whioh the horse afterwards became an adept. In the Derwent Plate, at Elwtck, eight or nine years ago, Fairy King ran a dead heat with the Victorian horse Impudence, bat lost the run off. Next day, however, he won the Welter Oup. After that be won the double, Autumn Handicap and Hurdle Race, and ran respectably in tbe Hobart Gap the year Swiveller won. Having stood several seasons, the horse was put into work for tbe Gamoania Steenlechase in 1882. where he ran second to Speculation. His last appear- anoe on a raoeoourse was at Golebrook Spring of tbe last-named year. Fairy King pro duced some grod hunters and oarriage horses, and of those that raoed Kingaley was returned a winner, the Bothwell Hunt Club Gap of 1882 falling" to his lot. A meeting of tbe oommittee of the Tas- manian Turf Olub was held on the 16th inst. ; Mr. E. Whitfield in the ohair (gays The Tatmanian ). A letter was read from Mr Charles Youl stating that he was unable to be present through a prior engagement. After the other correspondence had been read, it was resolved that the sale of booths, fruit stalls, and right of publishing pro grammes be sold by anotion on Saturday, 31st January, and the right of games, tend ing horses, etc., be sold on the 14th Febru ary. A fee of £3 3s. was fixed for book makers plying their ealting on the course. It was rceolved to alter the date of receiving nominations for the Free Handi oap from tbe day of tbe race to the 27th Janoary (the day of general entry), in order that the weigbts might appear the evening before tbe race. It was decided that tbe winner of the T.T.G. Handioap or All-aged Handicap should each carry a 71b. penalty if tbey started for tbe Free Handicap. The Couree committee reported having visited Mowbray, and stated tbat the coarse looked well. They selected tbe site for the stewards new stand, allotted off a portion of a grand stand for the Press, and decided upon many minor improvements which now are vigor ously being carried out by tbe contractors, Messrs J. and T. Gum. Our Adelaide correspondent wires us tbat Mr. Gordon has sent a telegram to Geelong to scratch his filly Sandal for the Great Foal Stakes. On. the I7thand 18th Maroh the Albnry Raring Olub'a meeting will be held. Entries for the Hurdle Race, Steepleohaae, Albnry Oup, and St, Patrick's Handioap must be made on the 3rd February. The weights will be issued on tbe 17th of that month; aooeptanoes have to be made on the 3rd March, and general entries on the 16th of Maroh. The Tocumwal Race Club hold their annual meeting on the 2Iet February. Tbe card to be run down comprises a Hurdle Race, Maiden Plate, Tocumwal Handicap, Border 8takee, Selling Race, and Flying 8takea. Entries for the Hurdle Race, To cumwal Handicap, and Border Stakes will be received up to the 7th February. Accep tances for the races mentioned, and entries for tbe Maiden Plate and Flying Stakes, must be made on tbe night of general entry, the 20th February. The weights will appear on the 14th prox. Further particulars in our advertising columns. Owners and trainers are reminded' that the half-forfeit of 5 sovs. for nominations for the Geelong Raring Olnb's Sires' Prodnoe Stakes moat be declared and prid before 10 a.m. to-day, and the half-forfeit of 6 sovs. eaoh for nominations for the Foal Stakes must be declared and paid before 10 a.m. on Friday, or they will become liable for the full amount ot the sweepstakes. I Fob the Shire Handioap, Omeo Plains Handicap, Flying Handioap, and Hurdle Raoe, to be rnn at tbe annual meeting of the Omeo Raoe Ciob, to be held on the 17th and 16th March, entries must be in the bands of the secretary before 4 p.m. on the 31st Jannary. On Friday laet Mr. 8. Ferry's oolt The Baron, by Countryman, arrived from Ada- - hide, and is located at Bob Mitchell's Racecourse Hotel. Ax the Dandenong Agricultural Show, held on Thursday last, Mr. Albert Selman gained first prize in the blood etook section with Proto- Martyr, and Becured seoond honours with HerscheL Nominations for the Sydney Cop must be made on or lefora Wednesday, the 11th February. The firat forfeit is due on the 18th March, upon whioh day also genual entries will be received, either at the secreta riats of tho V.R.O. or A.J.jp., before.4 p.m. Entries will be received < at the oMoes of the H.R.O., A J.O., and V.R.O. up till 4 p.m. on the Uth Febrnary for the Rowley Mile, a handicap of 200 bovb., and the Hawkesbury Grand Handioap, to be run at > the annual meeting of tbe Hawkesbozy Raoe Clnb on the 26th March. The handicap races to be contested at the annual meeting of the Kerang Turf Club on ' the 10th March must be forwarded to the Becretary before 8 p.m. on the 12th Feb ruary. Acceptances for tbe various events at the Ararat races, which take place on the 4th and 5th February, muBt be made to-day, whilfib entries for the Maiden Plate, Polo Race, and Selling Race are due on the 3rd of . the same month. has met some jovial hosts in Washington in the persons of Tom Ochiltree, John Chamberlain, Hngb M'Intyre, and other gentlemen of the Washington Jookey Club. The famous jookey ia repre sented as saying tbat Washington " was the finest city he had ever seen." Rather extrava gant praise, considering the many architec tural beauties of London and Paris (says an American exchange). What will he say by the time he reaches Chioago or San Fran cisco, the town where, if it ever froze hard, the people wopld have to slide down hill to business, as they could not ride or walk? Fortunately, however, this contingency has never yet arisen at the metropolis of the Golden Gate. Somb months back Mr. D. M. Robertson contemplated a trip to the United StateB ; referring to tbat The Breeder and Sportsman (San Franoieco) says : — " America ia threat ened with an iuvasion from the South Seas. 4 Vigilant,' tbe writer of turf goBsip in tbe Melbourne Spokesman, says: — 4 Mr. D. M Robertson tells me that he contemplates taking ' atrip to Amerioa with one or more of bis raoe- horses. Australian horses have, so far, never been pitted against Yankee oattie, and it would be interesting to learn how Messrs. Oolstoun, Hannibal, and Countryman would acquit themselves over their favourite dis tances in the land of tbe stare and stripes.' We hope nothing will occur to oanse this gentleman to change his mind, and we bid him hail and welcome in advance. We have long desired to see a closer relationship' between the horsemen of tbe colonies and those of the United States, especially this Western Coast, and it may be that Mr. Robertson's modest begin ning will bring about that result. A fair trial of Australian horseB on American oourses will enable us, by comparison with colonial records, to set np a standard by which their quality may be correctly judged. At this distance there is something impres sive, almost startling about the recorded per formances of the colonial horses at home. The details of the first two days of the Spring Meeting of tbe Viotorian Raoing Olub, ruu at FlemiDgton on 1st and 4th November, will be found in another column, and preEent some features tbat to tbe average American turfman will seem little short of wonderful. The Mel bourne Stakes, one mile and a quarter, was won by Malua with 129 ponnds up in 2.10 The Maribyrnong Plate, the two-year- old event of the meeting, five furlongs, was run in 1.03, the winner carrying 122 pounds. This is a " lumping" weight for a two-year- old in the Spring of the year. The Vio torian Derby was not brilliant this year, but a trifle sensational, as it was won by a rank outsider, Rufus, who started at 20 to 1. The Cup also fell to Malua, who ran the two miles in 3.31|- with 135 ponnds np, Commo tion, with 138 poundB, seoond by half a length. When we come to digest these races in the light of the weights carried and the time recorded there is a great difference in favour of the colonial bred raoer and against our own. Tom Gannon, we believe, is credited with saying 4 weight don't stop a good'un when he's fit;' but that phrase, which iu its face appears to be more epigra- matic than logical, is not true of American horses. We should be pleased to see tbe Australian weight-carriers tried under the same conditions -that prevail hero, and if they do possess that extra power which the re cords seem to oredit tbem with, a dash of the blood might be introduoed into Yankee land with good advantage." Unfortunately the trial of Australian horses on American oourses will have to be deferred for a while, as Mr. Robertson has altered his original in- tention and has postponed his visit. — Ed. & 