uAlnULIu* CHURCH OF ST COLTJMBKILLE, WOOL LO0MOOL0O. AN IMPOSING- PAGEANT. Immediately after the ceremony of consecrating the Holy Family Sodality, performed by his Grace the Archbishop in the Cathedral on Sun day afternoon, the members of the Confraternity ? marched in procession with their new insignia to the site of St. Columbldlle Church in Dulce street, Woolloomooloo. The stone-laying and the attendant ceremonies were much more than usually interesting, and seldom has a large, crowd gathered at a church ceremonial than on this occasion. Coming down Woolloomooloo street trom the Cathedral, the principal banner of the Sodality carried in the front, and the banner of St. Columbkille in the second place of honour, the jwocession presented a very fine, in fact quite an imposing, appearance. Hearly 1000 men walked in the ranks, all wear ing the glittering medal of the society, and the officers wearing their golden chaina with medallions attached, and as each district repre sented bore its own banner, the effect was in a spectacular sense picturesque in a high degree. His Grace's carriage Avas at the end of the pro cession. The streets were filled with people, and in the vicinity of the scene of the ceremony, the crowd which had assembled was swelled to several thousands when the pageant arrived. The platform erected near the stone was filled, and in the group surrounding the Archbishop were the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, the Very Rev. ,T. J. Carroll, the Very Rev. Dean Mahony, Eev. Father O'Connor, Kev. K ather iiurlong, JAev. ±- ather Uoonan, ±tev. Father Moynagh, Eev. Father Ambrosoli, L. F. Heydon, M.L.A, ; Alderman D. O'Connor, M.L.A. ; John Hughes, K.S.G., J.P. ; Mr. William Hughes, J.P. ; Mr. JohnMaloney, Mr. Thomas Cronin,Mr. A. Fitzgerald, Mr. J. I. Sheerin, Mr. E. O'Farrell, Mr. E. Fennelly, Mr. M. Fleming, Mr. P.O'Doud, and Dr. M'Donagh. The Archbishop after bless ing the stone delivered the customary address. His Grace, who was received with cheers, said, —It is no small gratification to me that we begin a great and most useful work to-day under the patronage of St. Columbkille. (Cheers.) This great saint wan one of the brightest ornaments of the Irish Church, and his benefioent influence extended to the most distant lands. He was born in Ireland, on one of the romantic hills of the county Donegal, within the sound of the waves of the Atlantic. Two Celtic crosses and a holy ?well still mark the spot. (Applause.) His mother Eithne, of the royal family of Leinster, had a vision shortly before his birth which fore shadowed his future greatness. An angel ap peared vo ner noiamg m ms liana a veil ox won derful beauty, richly variegated with all kinds of flowers. She had scarcely gazed on it, however, when it was wafted towards heaven, and it ex panded far and wide until its shadow embraced hills and forests and distant plains. Such was to be the influence of St. Columba's sanctity. (Cheers.) But it seems to me that far and wide as that sacred veil may have been spread out in former times, it never yet extended so far as it has to-day, when this district of the fairest of the cities that have sprung up beneath the Southern Cross invokes St. Columbkille as its special patron. (Cheers.) Derry of the Oakes, and Durrow of the Sanctuaries, and a thousand other monasteries in Ireland, ?were founded by him. But this did not satisfy his zeal. He set out with 12 companions to win new nations to Christ. There were no steamers in those days. He had only an osier boat, covered with skins, and yet in that fragile barque he achieved a glorious enterprise. He first landed on the island of Oransay, but as from its hills he could catch a glimpse of the distant shores of Erin, he said to his companions, ' This is not the place tha,t God has marked out for us.' With genuine Celtic love of his native land, ho could not look upon Ireland and yet live out of it. He continued his course to Iona, and it was precisely upon the vigil of Pentecost that he landed upon its shores and marked with the sign of the cross the chosen spot that was destined to be for cen turies the spiritual capital of Caledonia, the fortress of the faith for the Picts and Scots, and the great centre of civilization for all North Britain. (Applause.) St. Columbkille spent 32 years in his missionary labours. He pene trated into the deep glens and hilly straths north of the Grampian range. He visited the many islands scattered along the Scottish coast. The King himself and his Druids were captivated by his meekness and miracles, and the whole nation was gathered into the saving fold of Christ. Columba's greatest work was the es tablishment of his famous monastery in Iona. That storm-beaten island has nothing but its srev ruins at the uresent dav to attract, the tra veller, but for centuries after St. Colurnba's death it was the centre of learning, the centre of piety for the Picts and Scots and Saxons. Scottish writers of modern times have shown but little sympathy for Ireland's his toric renown, or for the peaceful triumphs of the Catholic faith. Nevertheless, of one accord, they proclaim that the island monastery of Columb kille was the fountain source which gave to Scot land the blessings of civilization and religion. (Cheers.) You are all familiar Avith the beauti ful words which Johnson Avrote a century ago when he visited the ruins of Iona .- ' We are now treading that illustrious island which Avas once the luminary of the Caledonian regions, whence savage clans and roving barbarians derived the benefits of knoAvledge and the blessings of religion. Far from me and from my friends be such rigid philosophy as may conduct us indiffer ent and unmoved over anv around which has been dignified by wisdom, bravery, or virtue. That man is little to be envied whose patriotism would not gain force upon the plain of Marathon, or whose piety would not groAv warmer among the ruins of Iona.' (Applause.) Mr. Jesse has gracefully expressed tfrio same sentiments in verse : — ' Ye who have sailed among the thousand islea, Whero proud Iona rears its giant piles, Perchance have lingered at that saorcd spot To muse on men and ages half forg- ot. Though spoiled by time, their mould'ring walls avow A^calm that oven the sceptic mi^ht allow. Here, where tho waves theso time-worn caverns beat, The early Christian fixed his rude retreat ; Here tho first symbol of his croed unfurled, And spread religion o'or a darkened world.' (Prolonged cheering.) This is not the place to speak to you of the virtues of St. Columbkille — , his piety, his love of wisdom, his fervent zeal — but I must not pass over his love for his native land. (Cheers.) Perhaps of all the Irish mission ary saints of those early ages there Avas not one who loved his country with so intense a devotion as St. Columbkille. He was a poet as well as a saint — (hear, hear) — and in his beautiful poems ho loved to dwell upon tho romantic charms of the foresta, the cliffs, the scenery of Erin. (Applause.) In one of these 'poems ho cries out, ' What joy it would be to fly upon the whito crested sea, to watcli the waves that break upon the Irish shore ! What joy to i-oav my little bark and to land amid the whitening foam upon Erin's coast ! Ah ! how my boat would fly if the prow were turned to my Irish oak-grove ! But the noble sea noAV carries me only to Alba, the land of ravens. There is a grey eye which ever turns to Erin. From the high prow I look over the sea, and great tears are in my eyes Avhen I turn to Erin — to Erin where the songs of the birds are so sAvcet, and Avhere the clerics sing like the birds ; where the young are so gentle and the old so Avise. Noble youth, take my prayer with thee, and my blessing. Carry my blessing across the sea, carry it to the Avest. Sevenfold may Ireland be ever -\ 1 _1 »3 /T _ _1 _ 'J_ \ T-» J ? P r*i _ ~t _ 'K 'I* 'II _ Diessea. ^uuu. cnaers.; r-ut n uoiuinuiiuie thus loved the land of his birth, he loved no less tho people among whom ho laboured — the land which he had made his home. (Applause.) One of the only times that he quitted Iona for the Irish coasts was when he assisted at the Council of Drumeath to assert the independ ence of Celtic Scotland. And it is a memorable fact that the first consecra tion of a Christian king recorded in history is Columbkille's consecration of King Aidah of Alba — (cheers) — and it is through that Irish king that our Most Gracious Queen — (cheers) — whose birth day is joyfully hailed throughout the Empire to day — (reneAved. cheers) — traces back her lineage to yet earlier kingly and Celtic ancestors. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) The Marquis of Bute, in an eloquent discourse at Eothesay on last St. Patrick's festival, referring to the national aspe rities which evil-designing men have so long been endeavouring to sow between the Irish and the Scotch, declared — and I fully endorse his words — that it is time such asperities should cease, if for no other reason, at least for love for Columbkille, tho common patron of all the sea-divided Gael, the glory of Ireland, and Scotland's apostle. (Loud applause.) I trust that the school-church, of which we bless the foundations to-day, may, under the patronage of St. Columbkille, become, in its own measure, another Iona — a source of every blessing of Christian civilization, of learn ing, piety, zeal, and temperance to all our citizens, but especially to the children of the Church in this important district. (Great applause.) Like Columbkille, we will love the land of our fathers, but like him, too, we must centre all our national sympathies and affection in this great continent which we have made our home. (Cheers.) I do ?nnf. Irnow that there is an A' other r.ountrv under the sun which the Irish colonists should so love as this fair country of Australia. (Prolonged cheers.) To be sure the United States has great attractions for our people. It is not so far from old Ireland, and millions of Irish immigrants have made it their home. But it appears to me that noAvhere can be found more vast and immeasurable resources, or greater freshness of freedom and integrity of political life — (applause) — greater earnestness and gentleness, greater energy and respect for others — (applause) — and at the same time a brighter prospeot for religion, than in this fairest of lands beneath the Southern Cross — (cheers) — and I trust that with the other blessings which we shall derive from St. Columba's patronage we may also reckon ' this earnest, devoted patriotism for the great country which we have made our home. (Enthusiastic cheer ing.) Mr. L. F. Heydon, M.L.A., who was then called upon to speak by his Grace, said : — After the address from our Archbishop to which wo have all listened with so much pleasure and admiration (applause), little further needs to be said. But there are some things which are more becoming-ly spoken by a layman to his fellow-laymen. After all, the busi ness of our meeting here to-day is the erecting of a church-school on this site, under the invocation of Sf. finimnVilriTlp n.nrl it. is lidfos?!!.™ f.lin.f. flio mnn.-ne for the building be found. (Applause.) It is the laymen who must do this ; it is for our benefit that this church will be here, and our children will derive from it all the countless blessings which a church spreads around. (Applause.) Your clergy have done their part. They have as watchful leaders marked the need, and they have made all the proper arrangements ; it noAV comes to the time for you to do your part. (Hear, hear.) We eannot expect our clergy to do more than they do in giving up their lives for the Church. They have no money except that which we give them. They are most generous ; but broadly speaking it is the part of the laity to find the means for such works as this. (Applause.) His Grace has given us a most beautiful outline of the career of St. Columbkille. I can only add a few traits, and I speak under his Grace's correction. (Laughter and applause.) St. Columbkille was a prince of the royal blood, and had it in his power to have been king of Ireland, but he preferred a heavenly to an earthly crown. (Cheers.) After his death his affectionate subjects in Ireland had his bones brought back to his native soil from his island home of Iona, and they lie in the one vault with the bones of St. Patrick and St. Bridget. (Cheers.) So great was his fame, and that of his great monastery in Iona, that tho kings of all adjacent countries chose the cemetery of that monastery as the burial place of their royal lines, and no fewer than forty eight kings of Scotland, four kings of Ireland, and eight kings of Norway lie buried there. (Ap plause.) His life Avas a most beautiful one, and the work he did was very great, converting to Christianity the Avhole of Northern Scotland, and founding numberless monasteries. But it has sometimes seemed to mo that the effect of a saint's life is often greatest after his death. No doubt that is the effect Avhich the Church has in view when by canonization she stamps them as examples. As an instance of what I mean, the saints Avhose lives read by St. Ignatius in his sickness converted him from a worldly courtier into one of tho greatest saints and champions of the faith, could scarcely have wrought in their lifetimes a greater work than his conversion. (Applause.) I was! struck yesterday with, a con trast to this while reading the Sydney Daily Telegraph. Speaking of Saints Michael and George, it called them myths, and said that though the name of St. George might have fired to heroic deeds a knight in the middle ages, it could have no influence now. (Laughter and applause.) I do not know what authority they bad for calling them myths; but, at all events, that is the way of the world : its heroes are great men in one century, and in another they are practically myths. But that is not the way with the Catholic Church. (Applause.) She has too much of the stamp of eternity in her character for that. Her heroes live on. They and their influence endure, and we know that now, having entered into their reward, they are able to perform in their glory works far beyond those wonders which they wrought while on earth. (Applause.) We here owe much to St. Columbkille already. Anyone who has read the beautiful lives of the great Irish saints written by his Grace the Arch bishop (applause) must realize how much his own charaoter must owe to the study of those careers. It is, then, in part owing to the influence and example of St. Columbkille that we heave here a great prelate, worthy to be chosen unanimously by all our bishops in this province as him Avhom they most aesired to rule over them, and uoav deemed by the successor of St. Peter the most worthy of all men to fill the great historical see of Dublin. (Cheers.) It is, I say, in some measure through St. Columbkille that we noAV have this great bishop here in Woolloomooloo laying the founda tion-stone of thig church of St. Oolumbkillc. (Cheers.) And, having done this much for us, St. Columbkille in future from this church, enjoying as he does now power far beyond that of his lifetime, full as that was of marvels, will ob tain for all around these walls countless other blessings. (Applause.) As an Irish king he will not fail in love for his subjects. As an Irishman who was compelled to leave Ire land which he loved, so well, he will feel a sjjecial regard for Irishmen who too have had to quit their homes. (Apj^lause.) And, one word for the English. (Laughter and applause.) Irish prince and patriot, St. Columbkille was yet, above all, a missionary. He left Ireland to con vert a strange and hostile nation in Scotland, and from his monastery of Iona came forth in the generation next after him saints who con verted the English Northumberland. (Cheers.) So too we may hope that he from this church will bring blessings not only upon those of his own race but upon all of Avhatever race who live around its shadoAv. But, I speak it with rever ence, St. Columbkille can do nothing of all this, unless you will give your money. (Laughter and applause.) Your gifts are absolutely necessary to build this church. That is our part of the AArork. It has sometimes struck me that about the best practical devotion that a Catholic layman could adopt in these times Avould be to make as much money as he can, to save as much as possible, and to give it to the many good works like this. (Hear, hear.) I remember a striking expression of our late beloved Archbishop, Dr Vaughan, that the greatest favour on earth, after the grace of God, was money. It is for us to second the zeal of our clergy, and to givo them good heart in our cause by our ready response to their calls. It is our duty to give the money now required ; it should be our pleasure, as it undoubtedly is our very highest profit. (Applause.) Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., followed, with a stir ring speech, in which the ancient glories of Ire land and the genius and devotion of her sons all through the ages to the present time were happily touched on. Mr. O'Connor's allusions to the life of St. Columbkille were loudly cheered, as were also the speaker's references to the part Ireland had played m carrying the torch or iaitn to the ends of the earth, and in diffusing the blessings of religion with the ennobling principles of true civilization. When his Grace the Archbishop visited Eoine he Avould he able to tell the Holy Father how history had repeated itself in the antipodes, and he Avould be able to tell with pride how the faithful Irish having carried the faith to this new land were vieing Avith the people of other nations in building up this great country. The ceremony at which they had assisted that day was one of vjjdeep and sacred interest to them all, and he had not the slightest doubt that rich and precious blessings would come to the district through this church erected, under the invocation.' of God, and dedi cated to St. Columbkille, the Dove of the Holy Ghost. (Cheers.) The Archbishop, in opening the subscription list, made the gratifying announcement that he would himself defray half the cost of the new building. He had done this in other instances, and he did not think he could in justice do less for Woolloomooloo, especially as the church of St. Columbkille would be affiliated to the cathedral. The announcement was the signal for great cheering. The total collection,, including the Archbishop's very generous donation, amounted to over ,£1200. When the archbishop gave out the amount of the offertory, Cheers were given, and the cheering was renewed with increased vigour when Dr. Moran left the ground. Messrs. Sheerin and Hennessy are the architects of the new church, which will when completed by Mr. B. M'Closky, the contractor, cost over ,£2000. The design of the edifice will not present any striking ornamental features, but according to the plans it will be a commodious and well-ventilated building, capable of holding a considerable num ber of people, and excellently fitted for the pur pose to Avhich it is intended to devote it. In addition to the main structure, measuring 80 feet by 3(3 feet, there are to be tAVO vestries or sacris ties at the rear fronting Duke-street. The church Avill run back to Brougham-street, and as the neighbourhood is very thickly populated, it cannot fail to be a convenience and blessing. A committee of gentlemen, nominated by Archbishop Moran, have undertaken to see the Avork carried out, and it is expected the building will be ready for opening by the time Dr. Moran returns from his visit to Europe. One of the Cathedral priests Avill be entrusted with the special charge of this part of Woolloomooloo, and with the establish ment of St. Columbkille a better order of things will, it is hoped, be inaugurated, for nowhere is the influence of religion more needed. Addressing tho Holy Family Confraternity on Sunday afternoon, his Grace the Archbishop said phe would be absent in Europe only a feAv j months. 