THE RUSSIAN ARMY AND NAVY. (From, the Morning Post.) The uncertainty wbieli prevails with regard to tlie relatioDS between England and Russia owing to tlie Afghan frontier auestion imparl additional interest to le state of the Russian miliiary and naval resources. The condition of the army of Russia was fully dealt with iu an article which appeared recently iu these columns, and it will now oe sum cient for tbe purpose to state that, omit ting fromourcalculation non-combatants, Russia would ill ease of war be able to place in the field at once 758,000 infantry 53,000 riflemen, 56,000 cavalry (included in which force there would be 14 inde pendent cavalry divisions, with 168 guns, increased immediately by about 4S,000 combatants by the formation of 79 addi tional Cossack regiments ; 88,000 artillery, Tjyith 8456 guns; and 35,000 engineers. The above figures are based upon a work published quite recently on the Russian army, which enables us to form an ac curate estimate of the land forces at the disnosal of Russia. The figures given show that that country possesses a field army of 1,038,000 combatants, with over 3600 guns. As, however, according to to the same source, in case of a mobilisa tion, an infantry reserve of 400,000 men would at once be available, the grand total of a possible Russian field army could be raised to 1,438,000 men. But this does not by any means represent the real fighting strength of Russia, for there is available a second reserve, thefirstclass of which would supply nearly 2,000,000 men, whilst no estimate has yet been formed of the number comprised in tlie second class. It has been observed by a recent writer that Russ'a is practically unassailable in Europe by England. To some extent the justness of his conclusions must be admitted ; but surely he cannot overlook the fact that in case of hostilities the Russian navy could not hope to success fully cope with that of Great Britain. Alarmists in this country notwithstand ing, our navy is still a weapon not to be despised, and the Russian Government knows very well that great injury could be inflicted .by our ships. A.t the same time, it would be folly if we omitted to take into account the defensive power, such as it is, -which Russia possesses in her navy. It is true that navy within recent years receded from the third posi tion, which it formerly occupied, to the seventh place among naval Powers ; yet it is still formidable enough to be re spected, as the following statement will show. The Russian navy is divided into four divisions, the Baltic Fleet, the Black Sea Fleet, the Siberian Fleet, aud tbe Caspian Fleet, of which, however, only the first two need be taken seriously into account. The Baltic Fleet comprises 32 ironclads, viz., 6 turret frigates, 8 ar moured cruisers (3 of them building), 1 casement ship, and five battery ships of the old type, all classed as battle ships, besides 13 monitors for coast defence, p,nd all launched before 1867 ; 94 torpedo ves sels and boats, at cruisers, viz., 2 torpeao ram cruisers (1 building), 12 clipper ships of tbe new and 3 of the old type, 1 frigate arid 6 flush-decked corvettes, 12 gunboats of the new and 5 of the old type, 30 yachts, viz., 9 steam yachts, 4 steam cut ters, and 17 sailing yschts ; and 79 tran sport, harbour, &c.;, ships (2 building), of which only 2 ave sailing ships (1 build ing). Total strength of the Baltic Fleet : 246 vessels of all classes (of which 5 are under construction). The Black Sea Fleet comprises 7 ironclads, viz., 3 turret ships (all building), 2 Popoffkas, and 2 armoured gunboats, 14 torpedo vessels and boats, 7 cruisers of the volunteerfleet, 3 auxiliary cruisers : 86 other unarmoiired vessels, viz., 2 yatchs, 2 flush-deck cor vettes, 1 screw-steamer, 2paddle- steamers, 14 screw-schooners, 14 vessels classed as steamers, 45 small steamers, 1 mine-ship, and 5 fire-ships. Total strength of Black Sea Fleet : 117 vessels of all descriptions, some of them, however, very old. The three most powerful ships of that division of the Russian fleet are still under con struction. As was stated above, the Si berian and Caspian Fleets do not count for mi'ch, and the latter would only come into requisition in case of an Afghan or Persian war for the transport of troops ; i but to make this return complete they 6hould be included. The Siberian fleet comprises 6 torpedo boats, 1 clipper, 3 transport vessels, 4 gunboats, 14 steamers of various sizes, and 18 sailing vessels ; total, 46 vessels. The flotilla of the Cas pian consists of 3 screw gunboats, 1 screw steamer, 7 paddle steamers, 8 small steani vessels, 8 sailing transports, 3 other sail ing vessels, and 3 fire- ships, total, 33 ves sels. As the Caspian would, in case of a ?war with Afghanistan, become an im portant route of communication, the de ficiency of steam transports ought to be noted. Russia also possesses some naval material on the sea of Aral, consisting of 6 steamers and about 20 sailing vessels ; but, leaving these, as immaterial, out of the reckoning, the sum total of the Rus sian Naw amounts to 442 vessels of all ?descriptions. Of this number, however, ?a great many are almost useless ; and, ?confining ourselves to really efficient iships, we find that Russia has only 185 -of them available for service, 25 being . iirouclads (10 battle-ships, 13 coast deferce ?vessels of the monitor class, and 2 ar moured gunboats), 1 torpedo ram cruiser, 114 torpedo boats, 29 unarmoured cruisers, and 16 gunboats, besides a large number of transports, &c.; We have not included in this estimate 1 casemate ship and 5 battery ships of an old type, nor the 2 Popoffkas ; nor, finally, gunboats and cruisers of antiquated pattern, which would not stand the ghost of a chance in .a naval encounter. In a possible collision in Afghanistan 'between this country and Russia, ojly a «mall proportion of the immense military forces at the disposal of the latter could be utilised at present. If a struggle was to ta.ke place now, Russia would have to fliaw, ,'n the first place, upoa the troops located i! i Turkestan. There are at pre sent of rt^?u'ar troops 10 battalions of rifles recrii/ted and stationed in the 'Transcaspian province, say about 10,000 men. There are' n° data available as to the number of ca\'alry and artillery gar Tisoned there, nor oi' the irregular forces '.that could be raised o.'i the spot. In the snext place, the Russian Government has ? a large force in reserve in Transcaucasia, ?which it is at liberty to em oloy either in -the direction of Turkey, Persia, or Af ghanistan. Russia has at present per manently stationed in theTranscaucasian provinces an army which, on a peace footing, numbers about 128,000 men, but which will, no doubt, be largely aug mented by the introduction of compul : sory. military service in that portion of the Empire. In case of war, a coasider ; able portion of the army would probably be shipped across the Caspian by way of Baku and Michailovsk ; but the chief supply of combatants would be drawn from European Russia, over Odessa to Poti, and thence by rail to Baku, and across the Caspian. The most serious obstacle to the employment of a large force is the difficulty of transport. The Transcaspian Railway extends at present from Michailovsk to Kizil Arvat, 135 :mi]es, only a short way to Herat, which is 523 miles from the Caspian port ; but there can be no doubt that its gradual .extension to Askabad, SarakhB, and Herat is only a question of time. The respite thus granted to England ought rto be made good use of. Should success attend the efforts of those who are now agitating for the separation of Northern Queensland (says the Melbourne Age ) Mr. Griffith, the Premier, must be held, personally and polilically, responsible for the dismem berment of the colony. His mistaken policy has glaringly clashed with the interests of his constituents and precipi tated the ruin of the sugar plantations and of the towns and centres of popula tion dependent upon the prospprity and extension of the industry. The explana tion which Mr. Griffith publicly offered of his conduct la*t week at Maryborough simply added insult to injury. He first deprived the planters of any hope of securing a continuance of Kanaka labor. He next rendered abortive the scheme for importing Indian coolies. Tbe Chinese, with a poll-tax of £20 a head, could not be utilised ; aud as a means of remedying an acknowledged grievance, Mr. Griffith's Government passed an act for the introduction of white labor, rwhicli the planters could obtain, under strin gent conditions, ou payment of £ 2 per head. The proposed substitution of Europeans for coolies was simply a mockery. No immigrant imported direct from tbe comparatively cold and moist climate of Great Britain could be expected to undertake field work under a tropical sun. The, experi-. meut involved a physical imposstbilityi ' a fact that must be patent to any one of tbe most slender intellect. Nevertheless, Mr. Griffith iu his speech expressed his regret tbat the planters had not taken advantage of the act. It is not surprising, under such circumstances, that Northern Queensland should seek to be proclaimed au independent colony. It possesses within itself all tbe elements which go to i anstitute a vigorous and prosperous colouy, aud it is certainly in as good a position to be entrusted with selfgovern ment as Queensland was when separated from New South Wales. Northern Queensland has a population of 30,000, aud a large and increasing general revenue. Its mining and agricultural lesources are enormous. It has- good harbors and a thriving- :trade,' so that nothing is wanted to secure for' it an independent existence. There have been rumors of tbe Imperial Government making Northern Queensland a Crown colony, but we fear tbis would be a fatal move, and destroy whatever hopes the Northerners eutertaiu of remedying the disastrous consequences of Mr. Griffith's policy. the subject of the race between Beach aud Hanlan for the Championship of the World came before the District Court (says tlie -S. M. Jlem'd ) in a rather strange manner. An inventor named Snowden claiming that it was by the use of a certain mechanical contrivance which he had constructed that Beach bad been enabled to wrest the champion ship from the Canadian. Mr. Snowden bad undoubtedly invented a certain in strument, the right to use which he sold to Mr. Deeble for £400, the payment of tbe money being conditional upon Wil liam Beach being satisfied that the in vention would enable him to row over the champion course ou the Parramatta River in two minutes less time than he had previously covered the same dis tance. The invention, however, seem ingly did not accomplish all that was claimed for it, and it was therefore re turned to the inventor, who then tried, but unsuccessfully, to dispose of it to Hanlan. Mr. Snowden now sought tbe District Court to recover £200 from Mr. Deeble with respect to the invention— a model of which was exhibited in Court — but as Beach pronounced it to be a use less thing altogether, a nonsuit was entered againBt the plaintiff. It 'is stated from Wellington that a number of the friends of Hearne, the rower, are desirous that he should try conclusions with Beachi- -Beach, it is: said, intends to visit Wellington in two or three months, for the purpose of seeing a relative in the country, and as soon as be arrives negotiations for a match with the New Zealand champion- for £200 a side are to be opened up. It is proposed to row either in Canterbury or Wan- j ganui. ' Mrs. Fleming, of Kensington, N.Z., whose ill-treatment of her step-children by stripping them naked and flogging them with a cart-whip created so excited a feeling against her, pleaded guilty at the Supreme Court in Dunedin, ana was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Her husband, who was alleged to have beaten the eldest boy in the same way, was found not guilty. The Rev. H. B. Cocks, of Sydenham, near Christchurch, had a narrow escape from death by a bull goring him. He was tossed three times, and would have fared badly if two of his sons had not come upon the scene. He was badly bruised. Captain Davidson, J.P., Coroner of New Plymouth (Taranaki), committed suicide by shooting himself with a revol ver. Monetary embarrasments are believed to have been the cause. He had been an officer in the American army. A yodth tourist from England, named Bowman, a student of Cambridge, has died at Lake Wakatipu from the results of a fall he received while ascending Ben Lomond. The Dunedin City Council, on the casting vote of the mayor, has refused permission to a brass band to play in the public gardens on Sunday afternoons. 