THE FREE-TRADE LEAGUE. The meeting of gentlemen favourable to the formation of a Free-trade League which was held last week was decided success. The motions submitted were agreed to unanimously, and a com mittee was appointed to draw up rules and make the other necessary preliminary steps for getting the organization into working order. When this committee is prepared to report a further meeting will be held, of which due notice will be given. For some reasons it is to be re gretted that the movement was not begun earlier, but it is never too late to mend. Although the Customs Bill has practically passed the Legislative Council the tariff is admittedly so imperfect, both from a free-trade and a protectionist point of view, that the Parliament will be com pelled to deal with it again at an early date. In any esse there is bound to be an appeal to the country on the question at the general'elections in 1887, if not before. In the meantime the League will find abundant scope for its energies in the directions . so clearly indicated by Mr. Fowler. There is no doubt a good deal of force in the remarks of Mr. Barr Smith as to the limits of the League's operations; but that point will probably come up for discussion in due course when the rules are submitted for adoption. A definite and a somewhat narrow basis is an advantage, inasmuch as it is less likely to give rise to misapprehension on the part of those who join the movement. Moreover, there is ample room for work of a purely missionary character. Many talk very glibly about free trade and pro- j tection who have only a very hazy notion of what is meant either by the one ! or the other. FactB and figures are some times severed from their surroundings and used in such a manner as to mislead. , It will be a decided gain to have the whole truth stated in a clear and intelli gible manner, as well as itB application to our special circumstances. Nevertheless, it will be impossible to stop here, and whether thelieague deeides to take up work beyond this or not it will nave to be taken up before the practical result that is so much to be desired is accomplished. No reform, no great change, whether of the nature of a reform or the exact opposite, was ever brought about by the mere enuncia tion of abstract truths, however important they may be. The repeal of the corn laws was carried in England not because the bulk of the people had mastered the theories of free trade, but because the loaf was small and dear, and the free admission of foreign corn would give a larger loaf at a lower price. The people saw that while they were on the verge of starvation and the price of bread was going up there were large stacks of wheat, some of them nearly two years old, which the farmers were holding for a higher price. The direct advantages to be secured by the abolition of the corn laws and the terror caused by the bnrning of the wheat stacks by the starving and infuriated populace did more to hasten the repeal of the corn laws than any Btrictly philosophical explanation of the principles of free trade. We need not, indeed, go away from home for an illus tration of the point. The plea that additional revenue w&b; required was much more effective in securing the passing of the tariff by the Assembly than any belief in the advantages of protection. It was repeatedly stud we can secure additional revenue and at the same time encourage native indus tries by increasing the Customs duties. The contention, no doubt, was absurdly illogical, but it was effective; and we repeat that but for the deficiency in the revenue there would not have been the ghost of a chance of a protective tariff being carried. We are in the unfortunate position of requiring additional revenue, while at the same time we raise a good deal of re venue through the Customs. The practical effect of free trade with us will be to sweep away a considerable part of this revenue, and it will be essential to Bhow in what other way the revenue can be more advantageously secured. It will be an advantage to prove that on economic and on social grounds protective duties are exceedingly mischievous and unsound. Following a current of thought which has of late been gaining ground in England, and of which Mr. Auberon Herbert is one of the ex ponents, it would not be difficult to show that they are ethically unsound, and that they are an unwarrantable interference with personal liberty, and teaching of thiB kind will no doubt prepare the soil. Still the question is bound to crop up, What is to be substituted for the duties that are to be repealed? It may turn out to be the wiser course to leave the answer to this question to be dealt with by another organization, and, rather than risk the effectiveness of a Free-trade League, it will be prudent to do so. There are, however, two considerations that should have some weight. There can be no doubt that if Richard Cobden had lived a few years longer he would have taken up the question of land tenure as earnestly as he took up that of free trade. It is the question to which attention is now being generally directed. And while there are no doubt many Free traderswhoare notyetinsympathy withany theory of land nationalization, it seems to us that the same method of reasoning which leads to the adoption of free-trade views will also lead to the conclusion that so long as our present system of land tenure is continued aland tax is the fairest and most direct form of taxation. We are not surprised that many are startledtoB find some of those who are very Btrong on the subject of land nationalization advocating a protectionist policy, but the two things are as absolutely inconsistent as the idea that duties which raise a revenue will also encourage local in dustry. Unfortunately, in the colonies such inconsistencies are not uncommon, and they clearly prove that there is yet much to be done in the way of missionary efforts to instruct the people. As far as the Free trade League is concerned, if it confines its efforts to an exposition of the doctrines of free trade it will not, of course, be antagonistic to any other organization which advocates a particular form of direct taxation. 