DR. J. E. TAYLOR'S LECTURE AT THE MELBOURNE UNIVERSITY. Dr. TIYaYLOR, who was enthusiastically received, said that our atmosphere had a geological. history, as much as the crust of the glolel.hadt :As a rule, little was learned fxom geologica1 'teat-books about anything lse but rocks and their contente;thehistory f the globe a's regarded its crus?-like forn, ow animals and plants succeeded each other, md how the. great tribes and families i of nimals and plauts became monddified. Little r nothiig was said about the atmosphere, ithout which there could.have been no life, nimal or vegetable. Yet. to hi "itA.l jeddgi~aEt lis6udry.: u tie atmosphere was aiteas interesting as that of tile structure f the earth's cruist: ' Our glbbe was originally aueh larger than it is now; not that it con ained more solid materials,. for there was ore solidmatter in the planet now than at ny previous period. But there was at one nme a larger quantity of heat than at present n this mass called the earth, and the heat xercised its expansive power. Many ele tents, such as iron, then ini a gaseous form, ere now in a solid form. There was.an volution of worlds and suns as of organic ives, and a picture of theearth in its earliest ays, was more or less faithfully revealed by he present picture of the sun. The sun ad an atmosphere, which was not the kind If atmosphere now surrounding the earth n the atmosphere surrounding the sun body partly molten and partly gaseons here were all kinds of elements, such as iron lopper, and lead, in a gaseous form. Possibly here was.no.solid iron in the whole body of hesun, the heat being too great. Such must ave been the ancient atmosphere of .the arth. Our litttle planet began to cool as .t followed.the sun in the sun's journey thrbugh pace, and was exposed to the cold of these' :egiqns of space. Even now the cold within hour 60 miles from the earth's surtase, passing pwards, was at least 500 degrees below the reezingpointof water. The earliest condition d the earth was one of condensation. The larth's atmosphere was about 501miiles in epth. We are living., at the bottom of an serial ocean. Every decent sized man or oman carried an average of 12 to 14 tons of itmosphere. This atmosphere was remarkable ecause of its physical and chemical structure nd arrangement. It was said to be composed f nitrogen, and oxygen, in the proportion 1 79 of nitrogen to 21 of oxygen; This was ue ot the remarkable coincidences of which ature was full, it being crowded with sugges ons ot perpetuated design. The nitrogen mud oxygen were not chemically combined. f they were they would be laughing gas, nd thie world: would then be a vast idiot sylumn. The crust of the earth was elastic. Vhere the'atmospheric pressure wtis heaviest prings appeared, and collieries could be vorked in greater safety, but when the ressure was taken off the atmosphere and he earth became disturbed, earthquakes were kely, and firedamp rushed out in mines. .y such observations great facts were being ,rmulated, which one day would bless the uman race even more abundantly than cience had yet blessed it. (Cheers.) The tmosphere also contained, particularly in tis owar strata, many accessions, contributed in arious forms.: First and foremost of these ras carbonic acid gas, 45,000,000 tons of Rhch were every day poured into the atmo phere from the lungs of human beings and ther animals, that vast volume being in reased by discharges from volcanoes, by egetable decomposition, and in other ways. Beaves and plants, under the action of the aun, extracted the carbon from thisgas. The ower strata of the atmosphere contained ther materials than gases. They were a sort t:a" .mabinf s? ayg.itow ?" ?r - nd particles, organic and inorganic. The tmospluhere could be examined microscopically t contained crowds of germs, which were onstantly settling, and were generally termed ust. A spider's web was a magnificent unting-ground for this dust. If some of it was put in distilled water, the water shortly became alive,. many of the grains of dust being dried germs of animals and. plants. 'hle earth also received large quantities of neteoric dust, coming to it from space, which vas.not empty, but crowded with masses of matter hugeand small. There were also vast qnanties of artificial dust, some of viwhich con sisted of pieces of coal, which got into the at nosphere because we did not know how to use one of the most precions:mineral gifts God has given us. Coal was nout burnt in proper fireplaces, and was discharged away n smoke. Fogs had been accumulating for some time. They had been accumnlating in Melbourne, whose people were paying the Penalty of living in an atmosphere where fogs were liklelyto prevail. The more the number of particles floating in the atmosphere was increased the moie dense the togs would be come. Unless the atmosphere was purified and coal was burnt instead ot being tlrown into the atmosphere, fogs .would continue, and would bring the penalty inflicted by God on all who disobeyed his sanitary laws. Into the lower strata of the atmosphere, also there were being discharged vast quantities of mineralogical dust, which man had had no hand in producing, unless man made streets too wide. (Laughter.) The atmos phere was a geological agent in various ways. Sand-hills were blown together by the wind. In China there was a vast deposit of fine sandy mud, 1,500ft. thick in places, and covering 250,000 square miles. This was dust that had been blown from Central Asia during hundreds of thousands of years. According to the Rev. J. T. Woods, The Blue Mountains of New South Wales were simply an old dust bank hardened into its present condition. A few hundreds of thousands of years ago Eng land was part of the European continent, and the soil now covering England was carried there by the east winds, which were still felt there in May. The water of a pond abounded in life, but ponds and streams sometimes dried up, and the black mud at the bottom was blown about as dust. From a single drop ofdew 13 different species of animalculae had been collected. The dried up germs of dust renewed life when they reached water If a few drops of water were dried up, the organic living beings in them became dessi cated, and would continue so for a couple of years, and would, if then placed in water, be swimming about in 20 minutes. Some germs had an unfortunate influence on animal and vegetable life, but many of these disease germs were fatal to some animals and innocu ous to others. [He referred to several of thesegerms, which were represented pictorially in an enlarged form.] Electricty would have something to say in the matter of dust. It could dispeis'e'fogs. There.was impending a greater and newer revelation of divine truth. (Cheers.) Without dust there would be no ?-' a.The sln would shine out of a darkened sky.----.-- -„. ,-j upon dust germs, and became-isNE --S diffused. There would be no fogs or'clouds without dust, and none of those glorious sun inses and sunsets which gladdened so many hearts. Dust germs were messengers of the Almighty,. carrying, the Divine' yengenqce againsktthose who disobeyed His laws. -They produced scenes.which hiadl btiled the artist's highest skilland' .sdhownhow beautiful God could make the world. •We should see that this world was nbt polluted by any act of ours (Prolonged applaise.) Professor. M'?oy rzoaed ira vote of thann popular .lectures, ;Dr. taf~lor's remarks were permeated by a' admirable 'moral spirit. He saw the hand of God:in everything. MR. G. A. SALA writes as follows in the A gace :-There comes.over you. from time to time, suddenly, involuntarily--now on ship board, now in a railway train, now in the weird and ghastly bush and the jungle-like mallee scrulb-now in.a weatherboard shanty, and now in a Cobb's coach-now in a cosy club smoking-room or a brilliant lit theatre the illusionthat you are Dead--that you have had at least a foretaste of death, without its bitterness. Were you alone ona desert island the feeling might be of a different nature. You would be only alone, and nothing.more. Bat here, in this newest of new worlds, in these crowded cities, or in .these wilds full of skeleton trees, you are impressed somehow or another with the.conviction that you have done for good and all with the world in which you. used to dwell, and with the life which you once led. You seem:to be conversing all day long with- ghosts " They may be friendly ghosts, affabl gh~osts, hospitable ghosts; but they'all seem td have abandoned their corpo real existence, as you were conversant with it, a-very long time ago.' The dead past seems to be all at once revived, but in a fugitive, shadowy, ephemeralmanner. One day a very ancient lady, stately in black satin and lace, calls on- you and tells you- that she used to dandle you in her armes when you were a baby 56 years ago. On the .morrow a very old gentlemen pays you a visit. He describes a namesake of yours with whom he was acquainted in London in the year 1822; and mentally comparing the-description with a certain miniature which you have at home, 13,000 miles away, you arrive at the con clusion that your ndmesake was your own father, who died in the year 1828, and whom you never saw. But the old lady and the old gentleman never come again. Disembodied spirits, clearly. A' reverend gentlemen drops in. He was a Grecian at .Christ's Hospital when a dear brother of yours, who has been dead close on 30 years, was in "Great Erasmue." Were yo~u "o"aiother- brother of- - yours a fellow clerk of a stipendisry magis trate who accosts you-a fellow clerk in the office of the Tithes Commissioners in Somerset place, in theyear-1839. You must remember, the magistrate adds, Mr. George Routledge was a clerk in the same' Government oflice. Then the stipendary magistrate vanishes into thin air. You will never see him again. Here is the polite landlord of an hotel up country in New South Wales. He played clown in the very first pantomine thatyou'll remember having seen,- and is laudably proud of still keeping up his annual subscription to the Royal General Theatrical Fund. You shake hands' with him after h'ai'ing answered all questions touching the phenomenal popularity of Henry 'Irving and Ellen: Terry--and you will never see him again.' All ghosts; that isthey come like shadows and depart. There is, I have heard, a socia-l body .of bibliopoles in London of whom Mr. Bernhard Quaritch or Mr. Wyman may be aware, and who are country where you fall across the odd volumes of.humanity.: -Everybody's brother. Every body's nephew. The sweethearts whom you have talked so much pleasant nonsense to, now grown to be austere dames and grandmothers. The scapegraces and ne'er-do-weels who you thought must have died at least a generation since have become persons in authority potent, grave, and reverend seignors. But surely they cannot be alive. Surely you are dead, and these are but phantoms. But you awake from the illusion when you find your self anxiously consulting the shipping adver tisements in the newspapers to make sure of the day when the Orient steamship Potosi will leave Williamstown foi'London, or when the P. and O. steamship Valetta will arrive out from home, both.noble vessels carrying Her Majesty's mails; you are pleasantly convinced that you live when you readin the telegraphic intelligence of The- Argus or the Sydney Morning Herald that consols in London have risen to 99(.' .Excelsior'!. as to console. Resurgamn I as' to yourself., Australia is no shadowy land with Necropolis for its capital. It is a country full of mani and maid-teeming with very live flesh and blood folk. It is only you who have grown old, and who, in your timne, have known so mmany sorts and con ditions of people. 