LAZARUS IN LONDON. BY F. W. ROBINSON. Author of " Grandmother's Money ; u " Owen, A Waif" Mattie, a Stray;" u The Black Speck No Church&c;, BOOK THE FIRST, THE SHOP IN SOHO. * CHAPTER XXX. PFIRPLEXED. I answered one of my letters the following day, and the second letter I took twenty-four fconxs "to consider before committing myself to the responsibility of a reply. To my lather I first gave the information that I had not seen Mr. Hugh Mackness for some time, 'and wasnotlikely to see him again.- Secondly, that I had received an invitation into the country from Mrs. Willmore, of Woking. And thirdly, that after a conference with Lydia, it had been found too great a strain upon our present resources to send him the three papers weekly which he required, and which Lvdia thought had better be ordered by Mr. Protheroe of a local bookseller. We were always very muoh pressed towards Christmas time, and the business iu Fisher-street that year was not prospering, indeed was absolutely going down "hill -with the bard times which had come to many of its inhabitants; and Lydia point-blank refused to send the newspapers. Ella had objected to this, "as if a shilling or so a week were going to ruin us," she said. " It might," said Lydia, so gravely that I feared she was keeping something back—some bad news of th'e " takings," or of the taxes, or of a trouble in saving up week by week for the rent which the agent would call for— like a flash of lightning—on the very day it was due, like & hard-hearted monster as he was, for all his smiles and smirks. "Is—banytKing wrong?'I asked nervously, of Lydia. " No, no, Maud," Lydia hastened to say ; 'but we must be careful for a time, with the trade going away from us; and there are three of us to keep, and we must have some new stock for Christmas week. And father can buy hie own newspapers surely ?" "I am not doing my share of work," I said, "and yet you want me to go into the country." " For a week or two very much indeed,", said Lydia. "There will be one less to feed," was my •rueful answer. " There will be one of us, at least, to get -well and strong, 1 ' said Lydis " One of us cried_ELLa; meant"« 'what do you "Is not Maud one of us?" asked Lydia eharply, and ,'we did not put any more questions to her^ although in doubt as to her •meaning. •. The following day, having well considered my next step, P accepted the invitation of Mra. Wellmore, much to everybody's delight, especiall y that of Ben, who I am. almost sure danced in- his 1 r&>m that evening, he shook the houBe!so violently. And ^vet nfe waa not coming too^-that -was an •understood thing L between HB.- . I -had told- him very gravely "before giving hinv,mj letter to bis nbther to jkwfcjVi was ifot going to be harassed by his fookintrin, amTrunnine dawn at afl. times and -.seasons," etild he saia with alacrity, " Certainly not.You and the old lady mil be -all to yourselves. to-bother you." ' - • "Of-course not" It ifl not likely you want me matters t&ge.;"- 1 But-— " And I'll come back by the last train, npon my word l will," he added, not allowing me to finish my sentence ; "you-can't travel by yirarself all that way." " It's oily half an hour's railway journey." "And.you. won't travel by.yourself," he added, with rather mare firmness than he was in the habit of exhibiting to, me. "Very well," 1 said. ' I was rather glad he was going. It would relieve me from the embarrassment of meeting a perfect stranger such as Mrs. Wellmore -was after all; and he could show me the way to his mother's cottage and make himself generally useful. And two or three days afterwards—and a veiy dull, foggy day it was—I bade Lydia and E11& gooa-by, and, being still weak aad childish in my way, shed a few tears at parting with them as though I were going away for a long time. They kept bright faces for me, although I could read a little story behind Ella s farewell smile. " Come back well and strong," cried Ella, "just as you were before—before father got rich/' she added drily. "Take care of her, Mr. Wellmore," were the last words I heard Lydia say. " Trustme for that," said Ben. ' Then we went down Fisher-street together, and Mrs. Bond rushed to the door to look , after us, as in duty bound. " Going into the country, I hear," she said, "and Mr. Wellmore too! Not on your honeymoon, is it?" " Oh ! no—hothing of the sort," I answered.. "She's going to my mother's," explained Ben shortly, then'we were out of Mrs. Bond's range. But we were not free from all'enquiries—from people who asked embarrasing questions, and communicated bad news.' Sal Garboush loomed out of the fog, and. was upon us "before we were aware. She \- stood blocking up the pavement, a tall, gaunt woman wlio seethed to have got thinner ' since I hid seen her a few days ago followed by a small army of boys and girls who . were making fun of ner style of "progression which had 'been a trifle vacillating, and which she liad cut short every .20 yards to stop and harangue her tormentors, and call them terribly bad .names. She was "sober enough this morning, andin lieu of a bonnet, had drawn her check shawl over her head and ears, and was clutching it under her square double chin. There was an odd, grave look on her "broad face, and she did not break into smiles like a clown, as she generally did npon meeting anybody from home. There was a seriousness about her which was almost refreshing at first eight. • , • , 11" Hollo," she said in a deep basB, you and hun together. That's sumfink like. And how are you both?" ' " We are pretty well, thank you, Sal, answered Ben. " what's the matter with you this morning ?' "The old chap's done it at last, shot if he •ain't," said SaL " Done it. What has he done ?" " He's gone and caught the bloomin' roomatics awful—and can't set up this morning," said Miss Garboush; " he's like a babby —wont move—won't do anything to shake hisself together." . " Fm very sorry," I said, " he was all right last night." "That's the wast of him—he takes you sudden like, and puts all your day's 'range- " ments out." . " Have you had the doctor f' • " The pariah cove looked in fer »rf a minit —jdst put nis silly head round the door, and for two pins, I'd shut it in," said Sal, " and , wot do yer .think he says ?? " I hope not bad news." "He says he mussen't be moved, and he \- shouldn't Jwonder if he.don't go oi£" " Go off!" " Hook it altogether. That's a pooty nice mess, ain't it ?" " Wiat«re you doing for him ?" asked Ben. " Wot'jcan I do f' said Sal helplessly. " HK^BaidjBen, " hard up again ?" " Nat £ penny, Mr. WeUmore^not a penny. Miss Mud—ana that's the blessed truth. I dare say that's sumfink to do with his complaint, for he didn't get anythink to eat yesterday." "Nor you??. "Oh! I'm used to ifej It don't matter to me," said S«l, *'I 1c&iJ3tmd; a heap." "Why didn't ne tell us last nij night?" I asked. " Oh! catch him saying a word to your lot. That's his rubbitching pride—perhaps he's right," she added, " but you might have had a bone or two." " Sally," said Ben, after fumbling in liis pockety, here's an odd shilling—get the old man nontethingV and tell him I'll come round late to- night and see how tie is." HYer Willi" ^ "Yes." "I know if yer saysyer will, yer will," remarked Sally ; " then yer ain't gain' to be married, you twa.Jthia mornin'." And Sal gave one of her broadest grins at the suggestion, " Not this morning, Sal," said Ben ; " too f^d hot like this light way of treating the position, and might have said something . severe to. one or another.of ihem,'if Sri had not forestalled me by a laugh which roused Jthe whole street, and brought Mr, Perkins, ~ the young man ih the Bame- line or 4rasineE8 as ourselves—the "alarming sacrifice," opposition mopster—to his shop door to pee .what. 1 was the" matter over the way, . "Wouldn't be able to. see which waa • which," said Sal. " Ah, well, have the suu on the kepple o' ye when you two get spliced. -It's-wot should lie,-and I'll lose a day's work 'but'wot I'll see the weddin*; and "I'll have a drink that night if I never had one afore. Yer \- tee—yer ony wait an* see V' "I believe, Sally, you've been drinking already, or you'd never go on like this," I s aid, half reproachfully, half indignantly. " I ain't, on my soul and body, not a dram," said Sadly, with gravity ; "not the ghost o' a chance—no sich luck. Is this all to the old cove's account. Mr. Wellmore?" she added, looking closely at the shillingin her hand. Yes, eyery penny of it, X>^n't forget," ' 7 " He's to have a loaf from the perish when t go round for it, yer know ? He won't want no more bread." 4 1 That is all for the old man," said Ben with emphasis. , , . 0 " Werry well—who's a goin to sneak it ? Only I'm a bit upset, and wants keepin' together with a droD of sumfink." "Get some coffee." Sal tossed up ber head, and said, with withering contempt— " Muckery!" 