VAS HE MURDERED? CHAPTER I. TEE ROOMMATES. A beautiful day was waning, and with it the year. The sun was slowly and majestically sinking in the west, casting a ruddy glow over the long line of horizon lying beyond the great cathedral, which, with it lofty and quaint square tower, loomed up so grand and stately just on the edge of an old English town, of which for many a century it had been the pride and boast. Attached to this massive pile, around with centres so much of interest in our story, ore the ruins of a monastery, a saint's chapel, and a convent; while over their rough but picturesque walls masses of creeper and glossy-leaved ivy, with here and there a frost-touched spray gleaming outout I among the green like a huge carbuncle or a liquid amethyst, cling in fantastic shapes, or trail low on J its weather-beaten and moss-grown stones. On the north, shaded by lofty beeches and venerable elms, whose graceful branches, sweeping tenderly and protectingly down, almost touch the uneven mounds which he within their shadows, is the ancient graveyard, with its crumbling tablets, sunken tombs, and bramble-covered graves. Back of this, and on higher ground, quite near ¡ the rude remains of, what was once a wall surround- ing the entire church property, is a spacious and symmetrical hollow, which at first might puzzle the observer. It is now rank with vegetation-tho deposit and growth of many, many years-but underneath it all there is solid masonry. It was once the reservoir which supplied water for the extensive establishment connected with the cathedral. While we have been exploring these surround- ings, the short course of the winter's sun has been run, and a winter's twilight has settled down upon the scene, and suddenly, rising among the goined arches of the vast structure near which we stand the vesper song comes pealing sweetly out upon the air. A solitary figure, passing along the highway at this moment, paused as it came near the entrance to the church, bending forward as if eager to catch the strains of melody, so deep, and rich, and full - strains in which young, boyish voices mingled with tho glorious tones of a might organ touched by a master-hand. The sounds ceased, but rose again as the service proceeded, until at last, bursting forth into a triumphant anthem-" Gloria in excelsis"-the very atmosphere seemed to quiver with song. Higher, and fuller, and more melodious the strains arose within, while the shadows deepened without, until with a prolonged and reverent "amen," the voices of the youthful choir died away and the or- gan, taking up the tones, gradually melted into si- lence. That figure standing without, listening so intently with bowed head and clasped hands, was seized with a sudden trembling as the last note died away, while bitter, almost convulsive, sobs burst from her, for it was the form of a woman. But it was only for a moment ; for, smiting her bosom as if to drive back the grief which had mas- tered her, she passed on, and was lost in the gathering gloom. Five minutes later the devotees within the sanc- tuary came pouring forth, some grave and impressed with the services, others placid and calm, as if nothing could disturb the even tenor of their lives, and many gay and thoughtless alike of the dying year and fleeting hours of their own lives. All pass on and disappear; a gloomy silence falls over the great cathedral, while even the old town itself seems suddenly to have settled into slumber. A half-hour passes, and then a tall form emerges from a aide door of the church, shuts and locks it after him, and, with slow and measured tread, bends his way northward. Ho has a book under his arm and a roll of music in his hand. It is the organist and choir-master. i The river lies north of the cathedral, and running through the town, empties into the sea a few miles below. Toward the banks of this stream, just outside the town, the organist directed his steps, and reaches a spot evidently familiar to him, just as the moon, bright and beautiful, but with a chill and wintry smile on her fair face, comes sailing up over the eastern horizon. An involuntary shiver runs over the form of the solitary man as he beholds it, and almost uncon ciously he draws his cloak closer about him. Solitary, did I say ? No; for at that moment a hand, icy cold in its touch, and chilling him through and through, is laid upon his, and a low voice utters a single word in his ear : " John !" It Is his own name, but the sound of it makes him start guiltily and sends a fierce imprecation to his lips. " You here ?" he demanded, savagely. " I told you that I never wished to look upon your face again." " I know; and you need not now, if you do not choose," was the sad-voiced reply; "but I was starving ; I had to come to you for money, for no one else will give it to me." "Humph! starving for what-the old folly?" was the sneering query. " Yes, and for food, too ; but who taught m the folly, John ?" The woman's voice was pathetic in its dreary misery. He shrugged his shoulders impatiently as he plunged one hand deep into his pocket. How much do you want ?" he demanded sul- lenly. " Whatever you choose to give me," she answered bitterly. " You know the old adage, ' beggars should not be choosers.' " He pulled out a handful of silver. "Now go," he said sternly, as he dropped it into her extended palm. Without one word in reply, she obediently turned and glided, like some dusky phantom, out of sight. "What a curse ! Shall I never escape from it ?" he cried angrily grinding his heel into the moist earth, while his face in the pale moonlight had a ghastly look upon it, and his eyes a half desperate hunted expression. Ere long, he, too, turned his steps backward to-- ward the town, but it was with thoughtful mien and lagging gait, as if some unpleasant memory was haunting him. Just as ho turned the corner of the cathedral something started back as if in affright, and dodged out of sight among the thick masses of ivy growing there. Muttering something inaudible, the man strode forward, parted the pendant vines, seized a small boy by the shoulder, and drew him forth into the moonlight in no gentle manner. "What are you doing here?" he demanded sternly. "Do' no, sir-I was jest goin' home. "Did you expect to go through tho walls of the church to get there?" was the ironical query. "No, sir ; but I were 'fraid when I see you corn- in'," whimpered the lad, crooking his elbow and hiding his face behind it. " Afraid of what asked the choir-master. "Do' no, sir." "It seems to me that you are in a perplexing state of uncertainty," said the man with a satirical smile. "But clear out now, and go home," he con- tinued," and don't let me catch you spying upon me again, do you hear ?" "Yes, sir," meekly came from behind the crooked elbow. "Start, then !" and administering a rough shake and a push which sent the urchin stumbling into the street, John Knight, organist and choir- master of Welfleet Cathedral, pursued his way and soon entered his own door, which was not a stone's throw from the church entrance. Had he glanced behind him however, ho might have seen the small boy engaged in what appeared to be a furious battle with some invisible antagon- ist, for he was striking out most lustily from the shoulder, his fists making a queer shadow panto- mime upon the moonlit ground behind him. " 'Clear out' is it, mister?" he cried, under his breath, while for a moment he suspended his belligérant gesticulations. "It's yerself I'd like to make clear out o' Welfleet, ye black devil ! I'd sooner meet the old boy himself any time at night. Ugh!" With a genuine shiver and a few more vigorous passes at his retreating foe, the boy took to his heels and ran in the opposite direction. "Mother, I have a letter here from.Mr. Gripper, of London." Thus spoke the Rev. Charles Edmonds, Minor Canon of Welfleet Cathedral, as on New Year's morning he took his seat at the breakfast table, opposite a pale- faced, gentle-eyed little woman, whom ho loved and reverenced as few mothers are loved and reverenced by their sons. "From Mr. Gripper?" repeated Mrs. Edmonds, with something of surprised inquiry in her tone, while she dropped a huge lump of sugar from the silver tongs into her son's cup of coffee before passing it to him. " Yes, he writes to ask me concerning the Misses Level's school for young ladies, and also what I should advise regarding the education of a lad who has boon sadly neglected. He states that a friend, a widower, having died recently in Australia, has committed his children to his care. They are twins, nineteen years of age, brother and sister, and in education both are very deficient. Mr. Gripper seems very impatient at the burden thus thrust upon him, and quite anxious, I should judge, to shift it upon other shoulders." "And I should judge that the poor things might fare much better to be 'thrust' upon some one else," remarked Mrs. Edmonds, dryly. The Rev. Charles laughed softly. " I am aware that Mr. Gripper is no favourite of yours, mother mine," he said, " but he seems very regardful of their welfare, nevertheless. He regardful of their welfare, nevertheloss. He says that the private schools of London are very expen- sive, and the orphans have always been accustomed to country life." " Well; but why does he trouble you with all this ?" Mrs. Edmonds asked, somewhat shortly. "I will explain," returned her son. " This brother and sister are so fond of each other that they refuse to be separated, and Mr. Gripper states that he can think of no better plan than to seek admittance for Miss Josephine Walton- for that is the young lady's name-to the Misses Lovel's school, while he begs mo to take the lad-Guy, an obstinate, un- broken young colt, he calls him-and see what I can do for him. What do you say, mother? would you approve such a plan?" "Poor children" sighed the gentle old lady, as she thought of a fair son and daughter whom, years ago she had laid to rest in a distant church-yard; "it is worse to be fatherless and motherless than to be childless. My heart yearns toward them; but I am afraid my son, that it will be too great a tax upon you." "No,indeed; it would be a pleasure. I should love to conduct this lad's studies and strive to win him to a noble manhood, while the amount paid me for it would swell our small income considerably." "But you have a great deal of writing to do for the dean-you have so many visits too, to pay, that I am afraid your health will suffer if you add to your cares," replied the careful mother. "Do not fear for my health-that is perfect, and the care would not be much; besides, I think it would be rather pleasant than otherwise, to have some young life in the house." "Young life, Charles ! I am sure you are not old," Mrs. Edmonds said, reproachfully. "No, not 'old,' perhaps," laughed the Minor Canon, good-naturedly, " but when one has passed thirty-five and is dubbed an 'old bachelor' by the young ladies of the parish, one cannot pretend to be youthful you know." "Perhaps not but I am of opinion that some of those same young ladies would be glad to have the power to change the ' old bachelor' into a Benedict retorted Mrs. Edmonds, spiritedly, and with a fond look at the fresh smiling face opposite her. "Really, mother dear, I did not know, that you were so observing," laughed Rev. Charles, much amused. "But to return to the question under dis- cussion, would it upset your domestic arrangements to have a youngster in the house ?" "No, I would rather like it, I believe, if he should prove a nice lad," was the thoughtful reply. "But with some anxiety, "you say Mr. Gripper calls him an obstinate unbroken young colt." "I should be an obstinate, unbroken colt myself if I was in Mr. Gripper's hands," the Minor Canon dryly remarked. " Well, wo will try him if you like, Charles, and as you observe, the addition to our income will be a help-it will at least enable me to add to- your comfort," said his mother. "And me to give you a now gown a little oftener dear heart," Rev. Charles said, rising, while with a smile that was half sad, he touched the gown of rusty black, which he remembered to have seen opposite him at breakfast for the last six years. "Then we will call it settled," he added. "I will write to Mr. Gripper by return mail, telling him that I fully approve his choice of schools for Miss Walton, and that I will undertake to direct Master Guy's studies for a year at least." To decide upon a measure was to put it at once in force, with the Minor Canon, and repairing to his study, his letter was written and dispatched with- out delay. Three days later the young ladies of the Misses Lovel's seminary are thrown into a state of excite- ment by the arrival of a new scholar-a tall, willo- wly superbly handsome girl, who at once impresses every one as possessing strong individuality, while almost every heart thrills to the fact that she is an orphan, and, save for the brother who is known to have accompanied her to Welfleet alone in the world. The same hour the Minor Canon and his gentle mother gave a warm welcome to a young man, who at first seemed possessed of even more dignity than the reverend gentleman himself. Ho greeted his new friends very stiffly and with something of an air of defiance, while his keen black eye roved from one face to the other, as if to meas- ure the powers with which he would have to cope during the ensuing year. The Misses Lovel's school was very full; there was not an available room in the whole house, they had said when Mr. Edmonds had first interviewed them upon the question of admitting Miss Josephine Walton. But a place had been made for her in a very un- expected way. Miss Theodora Lander was also an orphan, and an heiress, while for many years she had been a pupil in the Lovel seminary. Her mother had died when she was very young, and her father, heart-broken over his loss, had com- mitted his child to the care of the Misses Lovel, who were personal friends, and then sought relief in travel. Two or three years later, he also died, and her guardian had decided that no change for the better heiress had become a fixture in the noted Welfleet seminary. Her guardian had given the ladies in charge carte blanche in all matters pertaining to his ward, and thus she had come to expect, and to receive, many favors not paiticularized.in the catalogue. Among other things, she had always insisted upon rooming alone, and her apartment was a veritable bower of beauty-the envy and delight of all who were so favored as to be on visiting terms with Miss Lander. She happened to be in the reception-room when Mr. Edmonds called to inquire if Miss Walton could be admitted to the school, and both Miss Sarah and Miss Lydia Lovel had regretfully answered that they had no room for her. The Minor Canon was greatly disappointed, and related something of the history of the brother and sister. Theo, listened with deep interest to the story, and when he concluded, a sudden impulse seizing her, she turned to the elder preceptress, saying: "Miss Lovel, I will share my room with Miss Walton, if you desire that she should come." "But, my dear, you have always had a room to yourself. I am afraid it will be very uncomfortable for you." "I shall be crowded no more than any one else," Theo, replied, showing her pretty dimples in a charming smile, "while I have a notion that I shall like Miss Walton-I like her name, any way; and -and-" tears sprang into the azure eyes which were lifted to her teacher's face-"like me, she has no papa or mamma, so I will be delighted to have her as a roommate." This was considered very amiable in the pet of the school, and with many thanks and praises for her self-denial, the Misses Lovel accepted the un- expected offer. Thus Miss Josephine Walton became a member of the seminary at Welfleet. The two roommates became friends at once, not- withstanding they were the very opposite of each other, physically and mentally. Miss Walton was dark, brilliant, reserved, and self-reliant. Theo. Lander was delicate, almost childishly impulsive, and dependent. Both were exceedingly lovely, and from the day of Josephine's advent, Theo, ceased to be pronounced " the beauty" of the establishment. But she did not demur at sharing her honors with her new friend; not even a ripple of jealousy or ill-feeling disturbed her on account of the admiration which Miss Walton received from her schoolmates. She was very bright, and having been under the excellent training of the Misses Lovel for so many years, she, had nearly completed their prescribed course of study, and would be ready to graduate at the end of the present term. Josephine, however, though possessing much natural ability, was very, very deficient in all that pertained to books. She seized upon her advantages though, as a starving man would seize upon food; but the tasks which she set herself were often discouraging. One day she was bitterly bemoaning her ignor- ance. " Never mind," Theo, said, kindly, " do not mourn over the past; you are so quick and clover, that in a couple of years yon will outstrip every giri in your class." " I shall certainly do it if I can, was the reply, with a decided tightening of her red lips. Who- ever heard of nineteen being in a class with others of ten and twelve ?" True to her resolve, she was six months in advance of her class at the end of her first term, and bade fair to gain a triple promotion at the end of the year. CHAPTER II. THE BBTE0TAI/. " Josephine, I have something to tell you," Thoo, said, one morning, a week or two after' Miss Walton's advent, and coming into their roon with an open letter in her hand. " Well, as usual, I am anxious for information," was the smiling reply, while the girl's dark eyes rested admiringly upon the delicate, flushed face and petite form of her roommate. " Do you know-have you heard that-I am engaged ?" Theo asked, hesitatingly, but assuming an air of mock dignity as she pronounced the last work, although Miss Walton thought she detected ; a trouble gleam in her azure eyes. " Engaged ! When !-for what ?" she asked, wholly unsuspicious of the nature of the engage- ment to which she referred ; for who would ever imagine this little fairy to bo anybody's affianced wife ? " Why, engaged to be married to be sure." " Nonsense, Theo. !" laughed Josephine, scepti- cally. " But I am. I have boon engaged ever since I was five years old," Theo, affirmed, with the most serious air in the world. Miss Walton threw back her stately head, and made the room ring with her merriment. " Pray toll me, then, what little boy has the honor to he our pet's betrothed husband ?" she said, when she had regained her breath; while twining her arm around Theo.'s slight waist, she swung her without an effort upon her lap. " Little boy, indeed !" pouted the small beauty, with an injured air. " He is nearly as tall as your own brother, Miss Walton ; is almost twenty years old, and his name is Herbert Knight. I'll tell you all about it," Theo, continued, affectionately slipp- ing one plump arm around Josephine's neck. " My papa and his-Bertie's-were very dear friends, and it is a custom in England for dear friends to be- troth their children. When my papa was dying he sent for Mr. Knight, and made him promise to see that their wish was carried out. But Mr. Knight only lived a year after that, and so it was left with Bertie's guardian and mine to attend to all matters pertaining to our marriago when the proper time should come." " Did your parentB bind you to each other, leaving you no choice in the matter ?" Josephine emphat- ically asked. " Oh no ; but they desired it so particularly that we have always taken it as a matter of course ; it has never occurred to; either of us that we could disregard their wishes," Theo, replied placidly, yet with a far-away look in her eyes. " Do either of you forfeit anything in case you do not marry ?" "No; I have my fortune just the same, and Bertie has his. It was only a friendly project-a dearly cherished wish on the part of papa and Mr. Knight, without any thought of compulsion on either side ! and as Bertie and I like each other pretty well-" "'Like each other pretty well !' " Josephino burst forth, in scornful excitement. " Is that the way you express the affection that a husband and wife should possess for each other ? Don't you love, adora, each other ?" A beautiful color leaped into Theo.'s cheeks at this direct question ; but there was a rougish twinkle in her eyes a3 she replied : "I don't know as there is any need of. getting into such a tempest over it, or of using such extra- vagant language. I have heard of tho adoration bestowed on saints, but I am inclined to think that Bertie, though a nice kind of a follow, isn't exactly a saint, and that we can get along very comfortably together, and, in fact, I don't kno^~o?an^n¡ whom I like quite as well as I like him." Josephine actually groaned as she listened to this analysis of the indifferent feelings with which this betrothed pair regarded each other. " A couple of babies may as well be married as you two," she said, indignantly ; «and it will be the one mistake of your lives if you take this step so blindly. When is this remarkable weddin* ¿> take place?" ° "A year from next May, or on Bertie's twenty, first birthday, when he will also come into the possession of his fortune. But; I do not seo why you need to get so excited over it, Josephine" Theo, concluded regarding her friend gravely; "I cannot help it," tho girl replied, her eyes gleaming like two stars. "I ara a very ignorant girl,I know-ignoiaut regarding allthe rules and etiquette of society-hut my heart tells mo that no two people should marry unless they love each other-each speaks the namo of the other with a heart-thrill-a touch of their hands sends the blood into their faces, and their pulses bounding-all other society is tame, irksome, and they are truly happy and content only when together. Is it so with you !" "No, I'm afraid it isn't; and I imagine you have drawn upon your imagination, Josephine. You talle like a novel." " A novel is but the counterpart of Ufo. Love ' had to exist and bo told, before it oould bo written about," remarked Josephine, briefly. An uneasy look flittedacrossTkco.'s fair face ; then she returned. " But you forgot that wo have had this to think of all our lives, and having become so accustomed to it, it is not wonderful that wo have not quite the enthusiasm which you portray." " Theo., when we wore coming to England there was a gentleman and lady on board the steamer who had been married twenty-five years. I saw the wife go into the saloon one morning, where her hus- band sat reading, and supposing they were alone, she bent down and kissed bim. A smile lighted his whole face- such a fond, tender smile !-and put- ting up his hand, he drew her face close to his again, and called her his 'darling,' in a voice which made her eyes glow and her cheeks hot with a swift, beautiful color. This was after twenty- five years spent together. Is the love that binds you and your affianced like that ? Aie you sure tnat your futuro happinosB depends alone upon this union? Do you feel that you cannot endure the thought o£ life apart from each oth er ? Would you bo miserable if anything should occur to prevent your marriage ?" Theo, broko into a nervous laugh, while tho red blood dyed her whole face as sho answered : " I am afraid I shaU shock you again, Josephine* for I am obliged to answer 'no.' I have been BO very happy all my life here at school, that I belifiv» I shall experience more of sorrow than of joy when the time comes for mo to go away. I-I think I could be happior to stay just as I am, with Bertie to come and see me occasionally, as he always has done. But"-noticing the astonished look upon Josephine's face, and anxious to change the subject -"I nearly forgot what I was going to tell you. I have a letter from him here," referring to the open sheet which she held, " and he says that on Satur- day he shall be here to make UB a little visit." " Us ?" repeated Josephine, inquiringly. " Yes. Mr. John Knight, our music teacher and the choir-master at the cathedral, is Bertio's uncle and guardian. They aro extremely fond of each other, though I-" " Though you cannot understand the nephew's admiration for his uncle," Josephine said, as her friend stopped abruptly and in «orno confusion. " Theo., you do not like Mr. Knight." "No, I do not. I positively hate bim," cried tho little beauty, flushing angrily. " Why should you hato bim ?" Josephine ask»d, surprised. '.* I do not know. T have novor liked him from the first ; but of late he has seemed to exert a very strange influence over mo. It has seemed as if ha was trying to make me like lura. Yes, Josephine," with a strange now light in her face " in the very way you have described to mo just now-as if he would compel my very soul to bow before him, and my will to bend before his. In fact he makes a slave of me with his looks ; he forces me to under- stand him without uttering a word ; ho haunts me like a ghost, and I feel as if I am never safe from him. I wish I need never meet him again ; I wish I never need take another lesson of him, for I am afraid of him." " Afraid !" Miss Walton repeated, with a scorn- ful, incredulous air. " He cannot possibly do you any harm, dear. I would never own that I was afraid of anybody." " You need not, for you aro so strong and self reliant ; but I seem to have no power when I am with him." She shivered, and gave a,quick, anxious glance around the room, as if she feared that he might in some unaccountable way overhear what she was saying. " I am afraid you are nervous, dear. This may be but a fancy," Josephine said, reassuringly. " No, it is not," Theo, cried passionately. "Mr. I Knight has told me in a thousand ways, though ' never in words, that he loves me-that I ought to I belong alone to him, and yet in some indefinable I way he makes mo understand that it is a secret, and I must never, under any circumstances, betray it. I feel it always when taking a lesson, and he haunts mo for hours afterward Uko a spectre ; my very footsteps seem echoed by another, and that other his. Every sound, every breath of air, every flickering ray of sunshine, seems to be impregnated with this influence. He knows that Bertie and I are to bo married, he has known it for years, and yet he lias been weaving this spell around me day by day, week by week, month by month, but in a way so subtle and artful that I would bo deemed insane if I attempted to expose him. I dread to . meet him, I am filled with apprehension if I hear his voice or his step. I am wretched whenever I take a lesson, and the terror of him pursues m« during tho interval that elapsea between the les- sons. You will never speak of this, Josephine. I believe he would do something dreadful if he should know that I have betrayed him. But teE me, would not even you be afraid of him under such circumstances ?" " Never ! I should charge him with his vülainy, and defy him to his face. I would never, even foe a single moment tolerate his presumption and im - pudence," Miss Walton cried, indignantly. " Oh, but you forget that I have been under rhia influence ever since I was a little child. Year after year ho has given me lessons, all the time weaving Ins web about me, until, like tho un.wary fly in the spider's toils, I waa bound before "I was aware of it. How could I explain it ? Iff Bhould speak of it to the Misses Lovel they wordd open their eyes incredulously, and declare that anything so absurd was simply impossible. If L should re- fuse to study musio under him, such a proceeding would be regarded as an act of insubordination, for he has stood high in favor for more than ten years. If I should appeal to my guardian-au old bachel« who, I am inclined to imagine, never loved any- body in his life-I am afraid ho would suspect I had softening of the brain, and doom me to pass tho remainder of my days within the walls of a lunatic asylum," Theo, concluded, with a pathetic attempt at pleasantry. % " But I would put an end to it somehow," Jose- phine affirmed, decidedly. " I believe you can do it if you only will. I can recall, now that you havo opened my eyes to the fact, circumstances which go to prove what you havo told me, and at which I have wondered when I have seen you two to- gether. I have noticed that his eyes follow you constantly. There is a repressed intensity in his manner when ho'addresses you, which is something like the awful stillness just before the bursting of a thunderstorm. But I havo thought that ho simply admired you, as everyone olse does. There t» a fascination about you, my bright Theo., which is irresistible." Theo, smiled at this tribute to her charms, but it ?did not chase away the weary, anxious, look from her eyes. This burden had been pressing heavily upon her heart for a long time, bvit she had never found courage before to confess it. " 1 wish most heartily, that I could 'put an end' to it," she said with ii sigh. " Perhaps if I had your strong brave nature I could ; but I feel almost helpless to oppose him." " Could you not tell Bertie, as you call him ? Ho would not tolerate-or at least he ought not to tolerate-anything of the kind from his uncle or any other man." "Not for the world, Josephine!" Theo, exclaimed aghast. Mr. Knight just worships Bertie, and Bartle is so fond of him that he thinks ho cannot do anything wrong. Perhaps," she added, wearily when wo aro married and settled, John 'Knight wfll cease his folly. But, oh ! I feel now as if I could never endure to have him enter my house as if I could never extend the hospitalities of a hostesB to him ; and if he should keep this up after--" * Do not fear, dear," Josephine interrupted. " He will not dare to trouble you much longer. There surely must bo some way to put a stop to such intolerable persecution. But, see ! yonder comes my brother up tho avenue, and I must go down to him,'" she concluded catching a glimpse of a tall, fine figure approaching the house. " You will have to wait until he is admitted and has Miss Lovel's permission to see you ; those are the rules, you know," Theo, said, as she darted to the window to get a better view of Guy. "He is very nice, isn't he ?" she added, arching her pretty neck for a closer look. " I must get -acquainted with him, and I shall want you to meet Bertie when ho comes on Saturday, and have your verdict regarding my husband-elect." " I shall be very glad to meet Mr. Knight, I am sure," Josephine said, as sho kissed the fair, up- turned face of her friend. " If Miss Lowell will allow," she continued, " I will send for you to come down, and introduce you to my brother. I ara very proud of Guy, although he is as much of a dunce at his books as I am. He will not be so long, however, for ho is determined to overcome every Obstacle and acquire a thorough education." " It is strange there should have been two such clever ones in the same family," Theo, said with a loguiah twinkle in her blue eyes ; " but here comes the messenger for you. You are a darling !" she added, impulsively, throwing her arms around her friend ; " and I feel ever so much bettor already for having ' fessed' to you. Now go, and I'll come to be introduced to that precious brother of yours just as soon as you get leave from the powers that be." Saying which the little fairy led her to the door anti gently pushed her forth ; then sat down to wait for word to come that she might go down to meet Mr. Guy Walton, whom, as yet, she had Been only at a distance. (To be continued.) 