Faitk-Healing Conventions. A special correspondent of the New castle Chronicle writes : — Macbeth's disdainful exclamation, ' Throw physic to the dogs, I'll none of it,' is being repeated in one form or another by not a few afficted Christians. Scenes uuak were awtvieu nearly mriei/euii centuries ago, on the shores of Galilee or on the banks of Jordan, are being imitated in many parts of England. Most people imagined that with the close of the records of the early church the days of direct Divine interposition for the benefit of the blind, the deaf, the lame, and the sick were past. But there has arisen a sect who preach the old doctrine that faith will cure not only the soul but the body. They are known as as the ' Faith-healers.' Perhaps the greatest apostle of this creed is Mrs. M. Baxter, the wife of the editor of the Christian Herald, and one of the leaders of the Gospel Temperance movement. For some years past that lady has addressed public meetings on the subject and published pamphlets and books con taining written testimonials to the efficacy of the way of cure that she advocates. The movement has gone further than mere preaching. Blind ness, liver-complaint, neuralgia, tumor, measles, fits, a contracted leg, deformity, deafness, mental derange ments, lameness, among many other afflictions, have disappeared before the power of faith. Tho testimonials are in manj ca»es from persons who have suffered from their special complaints for so lonrr as thirtv vears. and bee under medical advice all the while. Some have found persistant prayer necessary, while others professed them selves to have been cured by a Bud donly acquired faith. Faith is all that is necessary, but, as thero are degrees of affliction, so must there be in pro portion degrees of faith. The faith that would secure the cure of the toothache wouid not effect the cure of sight. The adoption of faith as a eurorof disease also precludes the use of medicine. The faith-healers baBe their belief on a number of passages in Scripture, which they take, whether rightly or wrongly, in every case literally. Among the texts to which they usually point when questioned are the following : — James, 5th chap. f5,th verse. 'The prayer of faith ?hall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up ;' 'Heal the sick that are therein, and say unto them, the Kingdom of God is nigh unto them' (Luke, 10th chap. 9th v.) ; and 'They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover ' (Mark, JGth chap., 18th verse.) They contend that all the promises given to the disciples fITlri n. nnaf.lrta avfon/1 4-i-» 4 li a rtnnnln sv tho present day, and that any who claim in faith their fulfilment will obtain it. Until recently the move ment was confirmed to a limited num ber of people j but within the past few months it has been adopted by leading membors of two powerful bodies — Tho Salvation Army and the Blue Eibbon Army. Tho newspapers recently have contained accounts of remarkable cures by faith at meetings hold at Hanley, in Staffordshire, by a captain of the §a)yation Army. These statements would, no /Joubf , be received with in credulity 'by' moBt people; but that there are many believers in them is evident. At present a faith- healing contention is being held each evening in the Garliol-Slreet hall, Newcastle,! by Mr Galer, a 'captain ' of the Goape Temperance Army. At these conven tions afflicted people have profeHsed to have been oured of various ailments. I attended one of tho conventions the other evening, when a new feature was introduced— the ceremony of anointing with oil. A large number of people attended to take part in the proceed ings. The service was conducted by Mr Galer and Mr J. A. France, the latter being a Newcastle gentleman. After prayers had boen offered by three men from the body of the hall, the afflicted desiring to be healed wore asked to come to the front bench. Tho way to the bench was led by a man who walked with the aid of sticks, one leg evidently being paralysed. Then followed a young woman with a child requiring to be healed, a young woman who was blind, an old woman, an old man, and five other men of various ages, whose ailments were not appar ent. Prayers were again rendered, their burden baing that persons on the front bench might obtain the return to health that they sought. The sup plicants wore reminded by Mr France that it was only by faith and absolute submission to God's will that they would be healed. The anointing cere mony then began, Mr Franco pouring a small quantity of olive oil from a phial upon the heads of the suplicants The child was the drat treated. Having poured the oil on the head of the wondering child, Mr France aud Mr Galer each placed a hand on its head. The fjuner had uttered in solemn tones the words ' We anoint this child in tho name of the Lord Jesus,' when the young woman in whoso arms the child lay fainted. Mr France, however, pro ceeded with tho invocation. For a while the young woman lay bae'e in an insonsibls condition, but ono of the women who sought a cure by faith brought her bark to her senses with the aid of (he simple remedy, a glass of water. The invocation was varied in each case, but it ran some thing like the following : — 'We anoint our brother, in the name of the Lord Jeuses Christ of Nazareth. We pray that God may anoint him with the Holy Ghost. And by Thine own Almighty power put such strength into his body as Thou dost desire to give him. We ask it for Christ's sake. Amen.' When the 11 patients had been treated in this manner, they were asked to make a declaration of their thanks to God for recovery as if they had been healed ; for, they were told, if they were not bene fited, - it was because they had not attained the necessary degree of faith. A young man who had not been among the anointed then stepped for ward. He said that for some months past he had been an active member of the Salvation Army. One day he wan attacked by pleurisy, and finding he was getting no better he, on the same night, attended a faith healing conven tion in that hall. He was instantly cured, and had had no return of pain. The next day he felt all over his body the same itching sensation that is ex perienced from a sore that is healing. The men with whom he worked had told him that there had never been anything the matter with him, but he was ready to sumbit himself to a medical examination in order to prove that he had pleurisy, and that he had been cured. Another young man, who both before and after being anointed had tho appearance of ro bust health, said he had been afflicted with rheumatism for eleven years without receiving benefit from medicine. As he took his seat th.\t night ofl the front bench he had made up his mind to put his trust in God and at that moment he did not feel a single pain. A man of middle age, who Baid he had suffered from general weakness, professed to have had hiB strength renewed. Another of the anointed, an old man, said that ho had faith in the promises of God. He had donq his part that night and hn ihnncrhh (3-nrl crmilri An TTi» These constituted those who pro feBsed to have received bonefit. Thp others left apparently ag they entered the blind young woman being led and the paralytic man hobbling out on hiB ?tick. The proceedings throughout were characterised by deed earnest ness ; and, judging from appearances, the occupants of the front bench will, if the faith-healing doctrine bo a sound one, partake of its benefits. 