Dr. Hughes in the Gaiety Theatre. On Sunday night Dr. Hughes lectured to a large audience in tbe Gaiety Theatre on what he termed ' Gospel Lies.' He Drefa-oed his remarks by saying that the rjerusal of the Bible was carried on bv Euro pean people to a mania ; people read the Bible from the cradle to the grave. The Bible had almost con fused the moral character of Europe. Christ said that lie had come to set parents and their children and kinsfolk at variance one with another ; to give not peace, but to sow dissension. If Jesus Christ had ever spoken the truth, he did when he tittered those words. They were the mirror in which the so-called beauties of the Bible conld be seen. The precepts of the Bible could bear no other fruit than division and hatred. The daily papers of this city showed what a nauseous antipathy existed between preachers, parsons, and priests. Slander, defamation, and calumny were their weapons one against another. There was a fatal dislike between two believers of divergent opinions. The more they believed the more they hated each, other. As long as the Bible continued to be received as a divine revelation, so lbng would division and hate exist. There were two ways of reading the book. The common 'herd read it as a matter of duty, or to please God ; the infidel read it to nriticise; while the parsons read it to extoL Then there were tlie millions of true believers, the mentally diseased, the maniacs, who honestly endeavoured to get at the supposed point, and never succeeded. Seeking in the Bible for a definition of fraternity, or of morality, was abont as sensible as seeking for an apple on a gum tree. (Laughter.) Unfortunately, the Bible would afflict the world for years to come. He knew too much of the reptile. He had felt too much the wriggling of her tail to share her hideous hypocritical vice — egoism. (Hear, hoar.) In tho Bible could be found a license for every passion; every understanding was right, every interpretation correct. Christian morality had two poles, polygamy aud misogamy, and both were recognised and sanctioned. Prom the misogamy of tbe Pope to the polygamy of Brigham Young, what a putrid mixture of moral principles ! Enough time, energy, and intellect had been wasted in chasing celestial phantasms. They would have to descend from the ethereal regions, and cultivate thair own garden. Then the biblical era and the study of the supernatural would be things of the past. But before this could come, their children w^uld have to be taught to shun the paths of super stition ; and it would be his endeavour to do this to the best, of his ability. To begin -with old Father Noah : He enreed his grandson and his descendants to perpetual slavery because Ham laughed at him whilst he was drunk. This the Church held to be the origin of African slavery, and so, of course, considered it u Divine institution, and as such did her best to sustain it. ' Lot also got drunk, and committed a horrible crime. Abraham was not only a liar and an adulterer, but he turned the woman be had used s& a wife, tog-ether with his own child, into the wilderness to perish of hunger. The lecturer gave equally flattering characters to Esau and Jacob, and a similar testimonial to Reuben and Judah. Moses was a murderer, a big-amist, and a thief, and the slaughterer of 50.000 to 100,000 women and chil dren, and turned 32,000 innocent girls over to his sol diers for the gratification of their brutal lusts. Aaron was a comparatively good man, as the lecturer only accused him of idolatry, but Joshua was a brigand and a robber, while Gideon was both, and a greater libertine than Brigham Young, though he does not appear to have had so largo a family as the Mormon prophet, as ho could only count 70 sons, besides daughters. Samson was a murderer, a thief, and something else ; while David was all three, and a lot more besides. The lecturer was particularly severe on the ' Sweet Singer of Israel,' and while the lecturer was recounting his supposed failings the audience laughed and cheered by turns. Solomon -was a perfect Turk, as he kept a harem of 700 wivea and 300 concubines. Skipping over a few hundred yeai-3 of Hebrew kings and rulers, tho lecturer informed Iiis audience that St. Peter ?was a liar, and that he lopped off a man's ears in a fit of passion ; and St. Paul waa an advocate of lyine. Ensebius was a falsifier, a forger, and, worst v-f all, an intorpolater. Constantine the Great senms, according- to Dr. Hughes, to have murdered his own wife, soil, and nephew, and a number of other people inside and outside his own family. The Roman pontiffs were a bad lot, and the doctor was too modest to say all lie knew about them. Many of the'Edinish and Protestant priests were villains of the deepest dye. The lecturer delighted his audience by racking up the details of the great Beeehor-Tilton scandal. He would ask them whether they thought the study of the characters of the Bible worthies a fit and properifixercise for their children? Habit was second nature. Everything they were taught during the tender years of infancy was most difficult to dis lodge when they were grown up. If the Bible were only placed in their hands at the age of 25 or 30 years — which was the age of reason — it would have but very few believers. (Hear, hear.) If everybody had the faculty, time, and will, tc look into the Bible, a very small number, if any, of the scriptural adherents would remain. He considered the teach ings of the Bible in the public schools a waste of time and money. (Cheers.) Many of the Bibie commands were not practical, and, therefore could not be obeyed. It was full of contradictions and incompre hensible mysteries, and it conflicted with science. Among the scientific lies it contained, it said a man waB made from dust ; a woman was made from a man's rib ; the sun, moon, and stars stood still ; a flood covered the earth above the highest mountains ; that Noah and his family lived in the ark with all the beasts, fowls, bugs and fleas of the earth for 40 days, with only a small window for ventilation. (Laughter.) That one man lived in a fish's belly for three days, and another was car ried bodily up to Heaven ; that bones and putrid bodies came to life and wriggled ont of their graves ; that people eat bread and drank wine to-day which was tho identical flesh and blood of a man who lived 1800 years ago, and that a man was born -with only a ghost for a father. These, with hundreds of others, were all gospel lies. The. Bible degraded woman ; it condemned marriage, and recommended something worse. Among- other horrible crimes it indorsed were deceit, hypocrisy, theft and murder, and God was a 'lying spirit in the mouths of his prophets.' Teachers of the Bible were obliged to omit portions of it because of its obscenity; and, if parts of it were bad, the whole of it should be given up. (Hear, hear.) . The moral code of tbe Bible was, 'Do right or be damned.' It damned innocent men, women, and children, who never did harm to anybody. 'It tempted' bad men and women to lead evil lives, and promising them for giveness at the last moment on condition of re pentance. . According to the Bible, reason would damn them, but faith would save them. It had been repeatedly revised to eliminate God's blunders. (Cheers.) Civilisation was claimed as the fruit of the Bible ; but when seience and invention put in their claims, this was seen to be a monntrons lie. (Hear, hear.) The only effect the Bible could have was to poison the minds and stultify the intellect 'of the rising generation. By careful investigation into the origin of the' biblical canon, and by the results of historical criticism, -the Bible was shown to- be a work- of human composition and not a divinely in spired authority. The freethinkers religion was sympathetically one . of humanity. (Hear, hear.) From low beginnings the race had thus painfully worked J itself upward on its way, not grovelling downwards, from a primitive state of purity and ex cellence, to be resumed only by a partial system of salvation ; but steadily advancing, learning by bitter experience, throwing up about its way safeguards of law and morality, and ever progressing in civilisation, enlightenment, and general culture. The time was coming when these blessings would be widely dif fused. The time had come for them to emerge from politao concealment to declare their -views. Already the air was full ' of the forecast of a hastening' change. The promise of a brighter day was dawning. They might not see- its glory ; but let them strive with all their energy and power to help its advance. Ths speaker, who was frequently applauded .during the delivery of the lecture, resumed his seal; amid loud cheers. 