CORRESPONDENCE. THE HEALTH OF THE TOWN. TO THE EDITOR OK THK MORNING BULLETIN, SIR,-I have perused with interest thc com- plaint of " Convalescent " in hi» fetter inyour columns of to-day. I can assure him I for one deeply sympathise with him and all thc otlier sufferers from the pestilential fever which 1ms of late prevailed in our city. He says that no notice has been taken of thc canses of this outbreak, viz., the unclean state of the city, " except tho Berserker Rango theory,-'' which I take it is meant as n poke at me. I may remind your readers, and " Convalescent'" in particular, that some time ago I did write to the newspaper press repeatedly urging upon tile people of this city thc urgent necessity of stringent measures of sanitary reform heing at onco adopted to prevent the outbreak ol such diseases, which are entirely preventible and within human control. My warnings were disregarded. Among other remarks-¡ which 1 made at that time 1 remember 1 said, on hearing that the aldermen had voted thcit selvcs into a Local board of Health, that if. they choie to take on themselves the office of. a Local board of Health they must fulfil its duties, and not burk or shirk them, Well, an I evanescent Board of Health was formed and worked for a time. Un my return to Rock- hampton I find that Local Board of Health dead and buried, and thc time of the Council taken up with petty squabbles with a Rate- payers' Association, since formed, and now about to give up the ghost. Now, seeing that the Municipal Council arc so careless and indifferent with relation to matters of sanitary reform, the parent of the local Board of Health which at one time existed, having strangled tho unfortunate it is high tune that the citizens of Rockhamp- ton formed themselves into a Sanitary Asso- ciation for the promotion of that sanitary reform which is so much needed. I sent n letter, as you know, to an apathetic Council, complaining of thc state of Archer-street. With what result ! Why, just this, that a solitary individual bas been put on to scrape a little bit of a gutter live or six inches deep, which to do any good should bc made at least 18 inches deep throughout, and I om told that this Archer-street drainage is included in the general scheme of town druinage to be carried out, when or where nobody knows, except perhaps when the present Council ave all dead and buried. This sort of thing won't do at all. Thc health of the present genera- tion is of as great importance to us all as that of the future generations to come. If diseases are preventiblo let them be prevented say I. This fever now so prevalent has been caused hy human folly and stupidity, a total disre- gard of nature's laws in thc past, generally exhibited by the city council, aud also by tho citizens of Rockhampton themselves. I do not feel inclined to blame the Municipal Council, hut I do blame the citizens of Rock- hampton for refusing to heed warnings given to them in the past. When people arc allowed to throw rotten fruit and vegetables about thu streets to add to the festering mass of corrup- tion already existing, und this, too, when thc fever ¡sat its height. What criminal impru- dence is this ? Why did not tho citizens of Rockhampton form themselves into a sanitary association, with thc object of promoting sani- tary reform, and why do they not do it now ? And let the Sanitary Association appoint its own Inspector of Nuisances, with instructions to that officer to make a clean swoop of till nuisances existing, take legal proceedings on behalf of tho Association against all cn dangercrs of the public health ¡ and to co-operate in every way with thc Inspector of Nuisances appointed by the Council. Who should be themselves taught thc lesson which. they heed to learn, viz., that a Council com-, posed of butchers, bakers, tinkers, plumber*,, grocerR, i'tpor ¡jrnitx cymnf, are not exactly the., men fitted to bo entrusted with looking after the public woalintlicmattcrofthcpublic Iicaltb of which they know nothing, und knowing nothing, cave less. Medical men and other socialists who have made these subjects their lifelong study are the proper parties to con- stitute a .Social Hoard of Health, and to be entrusted with power to conserve the public health of this tropical town, and not those who know nothing whatever of anything, else but the ort of "grab." I trust this letter and that of " Convalescent", ' will have Some effect on the public of Biic-k hampton. If we are treated with the same careless apathy as hitherto, E now ¡ say to the people of Rockhainyitoa- take heed but a worse end befall yjii, for nature's laws are not to bc disregarded with impnnity, especially in s tropical climate like this. If yon want Rockhampton to l**lu3althy and free from pcstuiential fever breeding malcría, you riuist live in your city ¡ii a very different way to what you are doing, «nd if you will take nn old man's advice,, pay more attention to cleanliness about your- Surround Ings, beautify your city privately u\& publicly, keep your houses wide apart ffotn one an- other, (at present every second house in this, city ought to bc pulled down for proper venti- lation), pay more attention . to. th* lows-< f, nature and less to those of Mammon, mid then, your city will be healthy. Iltit neglect then sanitary rdpiirementB including proi>er dre ji than you wot of. I knew.what wnB coi 411g upon you long before yondid, my wise cues. I was warned, bul previous warnings . hail been disregarded by you, »ll, so I held; my tongue and kept silent.. Many are thc,wail- ing growls I have heard;in the air ov* «nd over again, mourning over the city of¿ Rock- hampton and those doomed to die. months after its birth, I think I i. Sir. loora tic.. 0»; A., FAWCETT,-, K.M. 