MAGDALA COMPANY. The extraordinary meeting of the above company was held at Craig’s hotel yesterday, to consider the position and decide upon future operations; also, to authorise the directors to dispose., of the. property of the company if necessary. Mr F. 31. Claxton occupied the chair, and there was a full quorum of shareholders present. - The chair- 1 man said the affairs of the company had come to that point that they must'either obtain fresh ground or wind up. Their own area had . been thoroughly -prospected, but the Moonlight Company had offered their ground on advantageous terms. ■ The Magdahi, howr ever, after spending a great; deal of money, hadbeen unsuccessful,and ho had,' after riinch-. anxious del il)eratiou, thought it besttowind .up.- He- had been chairman of tbe"cpmv pahy* ' since its’,- inception, ; ; and : ; ,w'aB.,;,uu: fortunately ono •; of ' the. ; heaviest losers,, and it ...was:- with great - : rej^et L! how he had come to the conclusion already stated. The company was now £7OO inxlebt, ancF’the shareholders 'had' 'deemed if their duty to call the shareholders ,together bo determine upon future operations. The manager read J a "letter ifromfi Mr J. W. Naylor, Stawell, who stated he was con fident a payable reef would he found ad jacent to . the ..vertical, reef., :He . was s of opinion fiaft the best prospectsof [any in [the district at the present time. ’' The 1 directors’ report was as follows:—“The i-Ccent survey made by Mr, Bate has shown that therise from .hack; of the 1405 feet.leyel'hasreached.'the boundary of the Moonlight Company's "claim. As the expected' 1 junction^-of ‘the‘ fiat' and vertical lodes has not-yet been'met with,- negotiations have been. ..opened; up -with,' the Moonlight Company, with; the 1 , that they have offered us the northern'f-portion of their nuue r below a depth" of 1150 feet, for lO ■ years, : at a-royalty of 8 per cenf on the net profits:; Under the circumstances;' your directors deemfid;; it /advisable to call you together to consider the position of the com pany, and to decide whether the above offer is to vbe accepted; [or the mine closed up.,-— .Feed./ /M. Cdaxton, . Chairman ; Stephens, Manager.”’-,, In anaw.er.'to DhDpwling, the iniue, manager said that the last stone taken from the rise at the 1405; level had- been the best yet seen in'the mine, and gave'5 ’■ drift .to! the ton,. The, cliainijan ' said , that any further work must be done . by, calling; up capital. • The legal manager said that if Is calls were made fully 6000 shareholders would T! respond. Mr Wheeler.was in favor, of continuing the jcom- I pariy, as he considered; the prospects now ■ brighter.-than,, ever. ■, Mr Manners - said any , further work wouldbe like pursuing a ghost. i They had stuck to the company, and had j given the grounda good prospecting. The shareholdershaddone well.in carrying onso, !long;'but how they had’been unsuccessful, -with very little chance of bettering the con i dition of things in future.-. He would; -move, ! —“That the company be wound up.” An Amendment was proposed,—‘ 1 That the work |be continued.” :Dr Dowling, in answer to a : question, said that himself and friends re ■ presented-about 2000 shares, and they would riot[;he[thougKt;i.pay any,/more calls. A [ballot, was. ..then, taken', ; and, resulted, as ifollows :—For “winding up, '3595; ' against, 1890\. The motion was therefore carried, and ■the meeting adjourned.' ~‘ [ .. , 