WHY SHE WANTED A KISS. " Hiss me again." Sibyl Sartorious spoke these worda in a grave calm manner that betokened the serious import in which she held them, and as Herbert Holdfast bent tenderly forward and pressed his lips softly to hers, she looked up to bim in the sly, cat-on-the-back fence fashion, that bad so witched him in the gclden-hued days of courtship. There was no tint of deception in the pure nature of thiB girl, and her every act was the result of reflection, often profound. Brought up in Boston, she had all her life been accnstomed to put to its beat use the power of discernment which a thongbt lul mind gave her. Surrounded as she was by the mystic influences of Emerson, the Concord School of Philosophy, and several large warehouses where mackerel were sold, it is small wonder that when, standing on the threshold of womanhood, she beheld suitors for her heart and hand approaching, she had analysed with critical care the hope and fears of each—bad subjected the character of every wooer to the rigid scrutiny of a mind that, sealed cross legged on the starry summit of psychological re search, looked upon a man as only vivified proto nlasm, and the deepest emotions of the heart as merely she manifestations of a too active nerve centre. Herbert knew this. He knew that this girl, the rounded curves of whose figure and the dewy sweetness of whose lips would have made an anchorite leave his job witbont a pang, had naught of passicn in her nature. And so when he had complied—oh, so gladly—with her request, there stalks from out the banauet bull of his imagi nation where tbey had so long been unwelcome guests the sheeted ghosts of doubt and apprehen sion. Be knew now that Sibyl loved him with a love that would never falter or tail—a love that, securely built upon a foundation of reBpect and admiration, was now crowned, with the large, rooiny, mansard roof of a deathless never-changing passion. Her words proved H. Never before had she even as much as hinted at a kiss, and when be bad sought to take one she had submitted to bis caresses more as adutifultban asan ardent lover. But now all was changed, and it was ehe who sought the bliss that a large, well-regu lated, three-story-and-basement kiss alone can give. The thought was ecstasy. " Vou love me better to day, Eibyl," be said, " than you did yesterday. Is It not so, aarling T "No," she answers, standing there calm and pulseless as a clam at high tide. "Then why," he says, " did you ask me to kiss ynu V" " Because," Sibyl replies, " I desired to ascertain, whether or not you had been drinking rum," 