-CHAPTEB TI. TOT gneosT cum. LET ns suppose a gap of two or three weeks between the opening of this ohapter and the Q|0Be 0f ^e last, and note a few of the events ^at had occurred during those weeks, In the first plaoe shaft No. 3 in the gully been cleared out, rigged with a windlass other digging gear, and a company of £onIi f0ImB(i as proprietors, though but two 0f them were working partners. Of the four 0j Oonree Tady and Ids master were two, and tij0 other two were Charlie Ellis, the favorite y0Qng trooper stationed at Marranga, and a young man named George Clark, the son of a farmer in the vicinity of the township. In __ been originally far more developed than any oti!er opened in the gully, and had, at the time of the murder, and in consequence of the murderer's displacement of the props to effeet hiB purpose, fallen in almost from the surfaoe, so that to enable the mining to be reaumed on the original plan, a great deal of Oiearing-out work had to be done. , 'While bis brother Conn, and'other engaged men were occupied in this work,Father James I had been almost entirely confined to his room, I n0 one could doubt his illness who looked into his faoe. There was a dreadful warfare going on in that miserable man's breast—a warfare that Nora never onoe was aware of or notioed, that Conn, saw but did not quite un(jerstand, but that Mrs. Brady watched ^th a keen eye and a purpose deathly and vindictive. — He wandered around the gardens in the daek 0f evenings, avoiding his kind as though the sight of a human faoe was hateful to him, anj more especially, did the sight of hiB mother act upon him in the strangest manner. jje VOuld shudder if hiB eye met her's an(i turn away hurriedly sometimes, while ^ others he would meet her look with one so awful—so full of white, threatening anger— that she would hasten away with the fear of she dared scarcely think what in her hard, en6(j heart. In the dead honrs of night, too, there were sometimes heard shrieks as for meroy, and shouts as of triumph, and groans aB 0f a'deathly agony, and when those of St. Herrick's heard them they were wont to oover their heads np in the bed- clothes, and wait for silence in fear and trembling, jjQt gt. Herriok's was far from another house, and no hint of these disturbances had B8 yet leaked out for Nora, who was the only ignorant one of the family, was a heavy 6ieeper, and easily terrified by a hint at ghbsts; so they had little trouble with her oniy Tady, her lover, felt the troublesome effeots of the ghost rumour, for Nora would not meej him after dusk for all hia bribes of ribbons and cheap jewelry, and he was work {Dg so hard in the day time that he Could not snatch many moments to gladden his little eyes with a sight of his darling's faoe. I One brilliant mojrning, when the sun's xays were sparkling in the waters of Creek Boban, like a tain of diamonds, and when every leaf I and flower seemed to have retained all the j freshness of the sweet dew, Leonard Prosser mounted his horse and lode the short distanoe I between the Marranga Hotel and the Mar- ] ranga Police Station. His destination was I the latter, for during the time that has elapsed sinoe l closed my last ohapter, Leonard had formed a sincere liking for | young Trooper Ellis, who bad by ohanoe b«. coma a partner in;No. 2 claim with Leonard Pjosser. As the young Irishman rode up to the station, Charlie Ellis led his horse out from the could not have pioked out a cleaner-limbed, a better made, or a handsomer-faoed member of the oorps than Trooper Charlie Ellis. No one ever celled 7iim ." Chawles." _ You could not lanovsuoh a thing, looking in his. bright, open, boyish faoe. He was Charlie with every one, and, as I have said before, a favpurite with every one also. " My word, what akilling swell yon are thie morning, Charlie 1" said Leonard, as he drew his horse up, " whoever gets your breeohes up deserves a testimonial." "Yes, Prosser, I flatter myself they're a good fit," said the young chap as he soanned his handsome limbs, "but as for being a swell, you must remember that it is not every one who can afford to dress as oarelessly as yourself." "Is that intended for a rap, Charlie?" asked Leonard with a smile; " well, I believe I am rather careless, but isn't this tweed good enough for this occasion, eh?" "You know I don't mean that, Prosser; I mean that your appearance is always that of a gentleman, no matter what you wear, while I must be natty to be noticed at all." "Oh, such apparent modesty 1 I thought you were above fishingfor oompliments, Ellis? I am oertBin that you know as well as everybody else that {here is not a handsomer young chap within miles." " I know I'm not bad looking, but I envy your inches, and your broad shoulders. I'm suohSa little ohap, Leonard." "Do you oall five feet eight little?" " Wei, yes, I do—for a man. Do you know that Miss Clark is five feet six and a half." Leonard laughed pleasantly, and poor Charlie's faoe grew rosy as a girl's. " That wasj. slip at any rate, my dear fellow, and so it is in comparison with Miss Clark's inches that you are disgusted with your own ? Now, do you know that I should much prefer you medium length of limb to my own ?" " Would you really?" " Yes; and ladies, especially tall ones," he added, with a sly glance at his companion as they rode away together, " always like men of medium size best." "Ham—I hope it may prove BO in this instance, for to tell you the truth as a friend, Prosser, all my future happiness depends on Fanny Clark's opinion of me." " My dear fellow, you have my very best wishes," and the hands of the two young men were clasped, 11 and I think that as she is a young lady of taste there oan be no doubt as the result of yonr hopes." " But look at mvjiosition, Leonard. How I ask any girl brought up as she has been become a A polioeman's HNLIIUMON'A wife? NNFA9 The THO VI1TV very name is enough. If the olaim would fulfil Tady's expectations now, there would be some ohanoe." Let us hope Tady will be a good prophet then, if only for your sake, Charlie. You know I care very little for my own. I have enough for comfort, and have no oraving for anything beyond what my income will afford me." Lucky fellow!" exolaimedEllis, "andyou have never fallen in love, yet?" " In love? oh fifty times I I have been in love always ever sinoe I can remember until within tbe last few years. I think I must have used op all my allowanoe of what is called love in my school days, and so have none left for my yearB of discretion." "What is called love?" Charlie repeated. Don't you believe in the feeling, then ?" " I can't from personal experience at least, replied Leonard; "for the feeling that did duty for love with me was so inconstant that it seldom lasted longer than until circumstances brought me in contact with a new face. But talking of the tender passion now, there's an instance if you like in my friend Tady Connor," and the speaker threw back his handsome head and laughed joyously. Is the d fool in earnest?" as Charlie, with disgust. "In earnest? I should think so I He is thinking of Nora and nuggets from morning until night, and from night until morning, too, for he matters ' me darlin asthore machree Nora,' in his dreams, and fancies he t stringing nuggets to hang round her bewcheful neck '—oh yes, he is in earnest— quite 1" " Bidioulous I" . cried the .young trooper almost angrily," a man of his age and appear, ancet" "Be merciful, my dear young Adonis I returned Leonard with a smile that showed bis strong white teeth under his glossy moustaohe; " muBt one be handsome to have a heart? I assure you that poor Tady has one, and a warm and true one in spite of his disproportionate shape and funny limbs." " I don't doubt all that, but at his years one might expect sense enough to hide any ridiculous exhibitions of his folly." "I'm afraid Tady does not think suffl ciently of appearances," responded Leonard with gravity and a sly glance at Charlie'" cords.'" "In one sense he does, quite enough, retorted the young "bobby" with Borne heat; "I'm sure when he dons that blue suit with the brass buttons his airs of oon- Bcioas Belf-appreoiation are sickening! and besides how can he feel anything for a girl like that?" Is Miss Nora Brady not so lovely and loveablo as poor Tady imagines her then? You know I nave never Been her."- " Nora Brady is a lump of a girl without, I do believe, one ounce of brains. I don't believe I ever saw in my life a creature so unutterably stupid and animal-like ae she." " She is no favorite then, Charlie? " Not of mine, and I detest the whole family 1." Leonard looked wonderingly at his companion. Himself of a calm and even temper and an nnexcitable temperament, to him the strong feeling exhibited by Charlie Ellis was a matter of surprise. * I had business at St. Herrick's one day," the young trooper went on, "and had an opportunity of seeing eomething of these Brady'a. Mrs. Brady especially has one of the worst faces I ever saw, and if there was any underhand and hidden law-breaking going on in Marranga, I should be inclined to look for a due to it under the roof of St. Herriok's." " Talking of St. Herrick's, that was a sad : .tin., nnlnnol flh Rminlr'a mni^AT. thing about Oolonel St. Herriok's murder. Now if I were a polioeman I think I should feel deeply interested in that crime, especially stationed here on the spot." (2V> be contiimci,') 