TURF GOSSIP. BY AUGUB. One of the happiest moves erer made by the committee of the Victoria Racing Club was the establishment of a winter meeting in which a Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase formed the principal features. It affords encouragement to breeders to raise horses of the stamp of Ringwood and Don Quixote, who are op to any weight, and good on the llat or over nurdles; and though our steeplechasers of the present day are, with a few exceptions, not- much above mediocrity, it cannot be denied that a programme like that of the present year is calculated to bring forth something that will prove worthy suc cessors to Denmark, Sussex, Lone Hand, kc. Racing men will bear in mind that the entries for the July meeting will close at 4 p.m. on Monday next, June 15. There are six events, commencing with the Maiden Hurdle Race of 200 sors. This is for all horses which have never won an advertised hurdle race or steeplechase, and horses which have never started in a hurdle race are allowed 71b. Nominators will bear in mind that his allowance must be claimed at time ot entry. Second on the list is the Maiden Steeplechase of200 so vs., and in this horses that have never started in a hurdle race or steeplechase are allowed 101b., which must be claimkd at time of entry. The Grand National Hurdle Race has been increased to 400 sovs., and so rich a prize is bound to attract a large number of entries. -The Grand National Steeplechase also has been raised, the added money now being 500aovs. For this we may expect to see all the good steeplechasers of Australia nominated.r The Selling Hurdle Race of 150 «ors.> will -give owners an op portunity of geteingrid of horses which they wish to part with, and the flat race of 150 sova. should prove? a fitting wind-up to a capital meeting, for it is open to all horses from two Teats old op wards, and, as the distance is « mile, I* expect to see a very numerous entry. Entries will be received at the offices of the V.R.C., A.J.C., and S.A.J.C. There is another important meeting to attend toon Monday, for up to 4 p.m. on that day Mr. Bond will, .receive entries Jor the V.A.T.C. meeting which ih to take place on the 27th June. The bill of fare provided is one which will commend itself to ownersofhorsea. It contain* five events, thefirat being a Hurdle Raoe of 100 sovs.. one mile and three quarters ; next to which iB the Victoria Gold Cap, value 100 sova., & steeplechase, in which thecompetitors witltoxidaen by members or hon. members of the V.A.T.C., to be approved of by the stewards. The .Ladies' Trophy is certain to command * numerous entry, for the lady who nominates the winner is to re ceive a trophy value 100 BO vs., the nominator of (he second a m&fXtY; talue 50 BOVS. , ana the nominator of the third * trophy value 25 bo vs. The ladies have always proved an important factor in establtahtaft the success of a'race club, and the members of the V.AjT.G, coin mittee are entitled tb thanks for introducing a race which nrovidas the fair sex with 'Bome thins which will prove a pleasant memento of their visit to the pretty little course at Caulfield. A Steeplechase of 125 aovs., and the Richmond Handicap of 100 SOYS., com plete an excellent programme. El stern wide-park, also, -is to have Its Grand National Steeplechase, and it is in cluded in the meeting which is fixed for the < 4th July. Hie clab pads 125 sovs., and as it mil be the anniversary ot our American cousins' independence, the American Hop Bitteos Company trill add a trophy value 75 sova. The distance is about two miles and a halt This Mid the Hurdle Race will dose with the secretary, Mc. Thomas Haydon, at 4 p.m. on Monday next, Jnne 15. The other events In the programme are a Maiden Sel ling Trot of 30 BO vs., Selling Race of BO sova. Selling Steeplechase of 75 BOVS., and July Handicap of 50 sovs., but they do not close until the following Monday. A correspondent, signing himself " Plau sible," has called attention to the manner in which visitors to the Canlfield flat have been neglected by the V. AT. C. I've several times heard complaints of a similar character, and it is high time the committee did something to add to the comfort of those who pay their shillings, but are not rich enough to pay half a sovereign for admission to the grand stand enclosure. While at Caulfield a tew days ago I noticed the carpenters putting np a drinking bar on the flat, and it is surprising that the club has not erected a stand on the rise to the; eastward of the carriage paddock. Such a building would, I'm sure, return interest at the rate of 25 per cent, which ought to be good enough. It is high time, too, the pro posed additions to the grand stand were started, if they are to be completed beforei the next Bpring meeting. Those who ex perienced the crush of last Caulfield Cup day will not care for a repetition, of which there is every prospect unless more accommoda tion is provided. The presB-room, too, as 1 have more than once pointed out, ia alto gether inadequate to the demands of the members of the fourth estate, and if the V. AT.C. requires a true and extended report of their principal meeting, its committee must pay some attention to the comfort of those who have to do the work. Entries for the principal events of the Mooroopna meeting close with the hon. sec retary, Mr. J. Hornibrook, at 9 p.m. on Mon day next, June 15. The English Oaks fell to Lord Cadogan's filly Lonely, who was a good performer as a two year old, winning six times out of 13 starts. She commenced her career by win ning a match against ClomneL At the New market second Bpring meeting she won the Breeders' Plate, won the Exeter Stakes at the July meeting, won the Priory Stakes at the Lewes meeting, won the Rous Plate at the Doncaster meeting, and the Hopeful Stakes at the Newmarket First October Meeting. Like the Derby winner Melton, she is de scended from Stockwel!, of whom she is the grand-daughter, but on the dam's side. Being by Hermit; she inherits the Touchstone blood on the sire's side, and here again we have another example of the correctness of the orthodox cross, Touchstone and Stock well. Lonely, on the dam's side, is closely related to Mr. W. R. Virgoe's stud horse Albury, who is by Yattendon from Stockdove, by Macaroni from Anonyma, the dam ot the One Thousand winner. Mistake is also a son of Stockdove. In Chester we have had ample proof of the fitness of the Yattendon and Stockwell cross for stnd purposes, and 1 feel certain that this good-looking relative of the Hon. James White's horse will prove a success as a sire of racehorses. St Helena, who ran second in the Oaks, is by Hermit from Castellamare, by Macaroni from a mare by Young Melbourne; while the third, Cipollina, is by Macaroni from Tbe Cackling, by The Drake from looa, by Ion. Good strains these. The New South Wales horse Hazard, who is nominated for some of the spring handi caps, is a pretty fair performer. His last victories were achieved at Singleton, where he carried 8st 51b. and won the Flying Han dicap, and on tbe same day carried 7sb 121b. and won the Birthday Handicap. Mr. A. Selmau has removed his horses from Pern tree Gully to Caulfield. At the Newmarket Craven meeting Lord Harrington's filly by Ethereld from Cerise by The Marquis won the Two-year-old Plate. What a red-hot favourite Paradox must hare been for the Two Thousand Guineas. On the day before the mail left England, the colt was tried very highly. Fred Archer was in the saddle, and Cambusmore, Whipper-in, Metal, and Farewell were in the trial, which was witnessed by the owner ot the colt, Mr. Broderick Cloete, the Duke of Westminster, Sir Frederick Johnstone, and Lord Alington. Hi at Paradox came out of the ordeal with credit was soon made manifest, for odds of 600 to 200, 900 to 300, and 300 to 100 three times were laid on him, and 3 to 1 was freely taken about him for the Derby, but even though he won the Two Thou sand Guineas, Melton became a better favourite than Paradox for the Epsom event I can easily understand this, for in the same stable Matthew Dawson has a rattling good colt in Esterling, and when he put him and Melton together I expect the son of Lord Ronald made such small work of him that tbe Derby looked the next thing to a moral for Melton. At the time 3 to 1 was token about Paradox for the Derby 100 to 15 was Melton's price, so that the latter must have done something out of the common to induce his friends to accept 2 to 1 about him. I notice that Mr. W. A Long's Derby representative, Dame Agnes, was backed pretty freely at 100 to 8, but she does not appear to have run up to the expectations of her friends. Don Mace, the great American driver of trotters, died in New York on the 12th April Mace, who it is said was descended from an English relative of Jem Mace's, was the "boss" bf American drivers. In his yonthful days he was a jockey, a training which served him well In alter life. He was possessed of talents of a peculiar kind, exceptional keen ness of perception being one of his faculties, and Spins, who drives Maud S., paid the fol lowing high tribute to him" There will never De another like Dan Mace. I've driven against all of them, and there is not one his equal, in my judgment In the first place, he was a most watcnful and careful ooiraitioner. He would hire grooms who knew their busi ness and pay them well, but he would see that they put the work on the horse in return. If a horse was matched for only 60doL he would take as much pains to bring him to the wire fit to trot, ana try as hard to win, as if the stake was 5,000dol. Then, besides all his other talents, he was the bravest man that ever sat in a sulky, and always treated his horses kindly. I never saw him Btrike a horse a blow in anger." "Dan" (says the Spirit J " was no saint, but if a warm heart, a busy, useful life, a steadfast love and care for dumb creatures will open the gates of Paradise, then the spirit of the greatest horseman has entered there." In England a short time ago the stallion Mainstone died at the age of 88. He was by King Tom from Blister, and as a raoehorse he earned the colours of the Premier of England, Lord Palmerston, green and pr≱ cap. Foi the popular politician he Vtori the Longfotd Castle Stakes at Shrewsbury, tmd&tthe; meeting Lord Pal mere ton wotf » j^bO{ races with Romsey. At Stockotidge, stone won tbe Biennial Stakes, and lie was backed a good deal for the Derby, but he failed to get a situation. As a sire of hasten he was very successful. The racing of two year olds seems to be carried to a marvellous extent in- America, and the Spirit of the Times otters words of wisdom when it urges the owners pi youngsters to take a pulL Last season (soys our .New Tork contemporary) Alfred ran no less than 29 races, Bahama 25, Miller 23, Miss Daly 25, Windsail 23, St. Augustine 20, and Shookum and Robert Brewster 19 each. Referring to the practice adopted in other countries, the Spirit says" Now, in Eng land ana Australia, much as is said in re ference to the popularity of racing two yea* olds in those countries, the calendars show no such state of affairs. Most English trainers maintain that it is neceesary in future prowess that horses be trained and raced at two years' old. but the cases of Alfred, Bahama, or Miss Daly are such as would make an English trainer state, and although, owing to climatia influences, it is fair to presume that the Aus tralian two year olds are, as a rule, more pre cocious than ours, yet we can find no parallel in the Australian racing calendar for the cases cited above. It is very plain, there fore, that among us two-year-old racing is beginning to be carried to a dangeroocr excess." I think every well-wisher of the turf will endorse the following:-" We are not opponents of the racing of two year olds. Rather the contrary, we favour it, but not to' tbe extent it is being carried, li itcontinnes atthesame ratio that has marked the past five years we shall not be snrprised to see the majority of horses doing the bnlk of their racing as two year olds, and their career of usefulness on the turf necessarily confined to that year. There is every inducement to pro duce Bach a state of things. Owners in this practical age complain that a horse 'eats his head off' by being kept idle, and are anxious that a colt should be paying for his keep; again, if an owner finds his two year old has speed enough to win, there is an adage, 'get the good out of them while they have it in them,' which leads him to hurry his colt to the post Again, the bnlk of the money given by jockey clobs 'is for two and three year olds, and the two-year-old 6takes ace passing those for three-year-olds in this par ticular. It is very plain to those who read the signs of tbe times that, despite the opposi tion of die few, two- year-old racing is the racing of the future. The average owner prefers it from motives of economy, tbe rich owner from a pride in the prowess of his home bteds, and the public breeders prefer it as making a market for their stock, while the bookmakers delight in it for the reason that, as it contains greater elements of un certainty, it suits their business best. The increase of two- year-old racing under such circumstances means the complete abolition of weight-for-age races and the increase oi handicaps. Horses will end their careers where they should have begun them, and such as stand the ordeal will for the most part be fit only for handicaps. That the exhaustive racing of two and three year olds will have its effect upon future generations ii is to be feared, and the horse which can compass a cup course, or even a Derby dis tance, at top speed will be even more ran than he is at present" Mr. Archie Yuille is hard at work preparing the third volume of the A ustrodiaa Stud Book, and he is anxious that breeders who have not yet done so wiil send in retnrnsof all foalings since the second volume was published. They are especially requested to state the names which have been given to stock; and ii tabulated pedigrees are required they will be inserted at the usual charge. 1 hope the possessors of thoroughbred mares, kc., will take time by the forelock and forward the necessary information at'once, as Mr. Yuille is desirous to have the book published during the coming spring. Those breeders who have valuable mares, especially mares that have thrown winners, should have their tabulated pedigrees published, so that intending pur chasers and others can see at a glance what tbe breeding of their descendants is. The programme for the Calcutta racing campaign has been forwarded, and I notice that it is much the same as last year. The principal prize at the first meeting is the Viceroy's (kip, whichjs valued at 1,000 rupees, and the club adds 4,000 rupees. This is open to all horses, and the distance is two miles. The Challenge Stakes of 3,000 rupees is for Arabs and country-breds. The Colonials ol 2,000 rupees is open to all maidens, and a similar sum is gives to the Trial Stakes, which is also open to all horses. The Derby of 1,500 rupees is for Arabs only, and the Drawingroom Stakes of 2,000 rupees is for ponies. The Grand Annual Hurdle Base of 1.000 rupees is for all horses, and no doubt this ana most of the other good things will be appropriated by Australian-bred horses. This meeting extends over four days, the dates being 23rd, 26th, and 30th December, and 2nd January. The Becond meeting will take place on Saturday, January 23 and 30, and the chief prize will be the Cooch Behai Cup of 3,000 rupees, a mile and a half handi cap for all horses. The Merchants' Cup of 2,500 rupees is also a handicap, and open to all horses. English and colonial horses landed in India on or after Julyl, 1885, direct from the country of foaling, will be allowed 61b. until they win a race of 500 rupees oi more, after which their allowance will be 3lbi, ~ and there will be no allowance after win ning two such races. The old American gelding Parole, during the nine years he was on the turf, won 82,184 dollars. Converted into pounds this would mean over £16,000. He commenced winning as a two year old in 1875, and ran on till 1883, he having appeared no less than 126 times, aud was first 59 times, Becond 22, and third 15. By a wrong transcription of the telegram . of the Final Flutter Handicap, ran at the ' Adelaide Racing Club meeting, Ontario's name appeared for Antonio's. The similarity of the letters, I suppose, caused the error. " Merlin " states that Meteor has returned to his native heath. The spell will do him good, he states, and also remarks thai his owners complain of the severity of the handi cappers. At the Deloraine (Tasmania) races, Re venge, by St Albans from The Pearl, won the two handicaps; Squire, by Castle Hill, the Hurdle Bace; and Beadsman theMaiden Plate. It will be remembered that at the scene of tbe Cootamundra railway accident Mr. Joseph Thompson missed his gold watch and chain, a valoab}e ring, and other jewellery. No trace of it coula be found until a few days ago, vrhen Mr. John Thompson happened to require the use of the overcoat he wore upon the night that he visited Cootamundra. On plunging his hand into one of the pockets, his astonishment can be imagined when he discovered the missing jewellery. It^Md been placed there when be reached his > brother, and in the excitement was forgotten until discovered as related. " Trumpator," of the 'tAdelaide Observer, sajrs"Mr. Gabriel Bennett informs me tfiht Pocphonlaa. the d&Sa; of Lantern/VasTM! Ace of Clubs from a thoroughbred mare called Spinster, but he does not know how the latter was bred." From the same authority I learn that Mr. John Pile has named his colt by Emulation from Gaiety, " Wentworth," and the youngster remains m Mr. T. Jordan's stable: also, that Mr. Ellis intends to Bend Lord Wilton and Manfred back to Flemington, where they can have the advantage of a good track. I regret to hear that Mr. A. E. Gliddon, the hon. secretary of the Barrier Ranges Jockey Club, has died suddenly at Silverton. It is stated that Mr. E. E. Jones, of Sydney, was entrusted with the nomination of W el come Jack for the Melbourne Cup, but though he wrote it out, he forgot to hand it in, and left it on the counter of the A.J.C. It is hard lines for the horse's backers, but the V.R.C. would be perfectly justified in refusing the entry, even if this statement were true. A New Zealand paper states that the two year-old colt Thunderbolt has been purchased by the Hon. W. Robinson, the price being something between 1,500 and 2,000 guineas. The colt was to be shipped in the Manapoun, for Sydney, where he would join Vanguard and Co., under R. Mason's charge. If all this be true, then the colt will be a decided acquisition, for he is considered one of the best ever bred in New Zealand. He lias an unbeaten certificate, and, being engaged in our Derby, his presence will lend additional interest to that event In glancing over the nominations for coming events, I notice that there is a de cided lack of originality in the nomenclature adopted bv some who have entered young sters for the Derby, &c.; For instance, Col leen Dhas is the name of a mare now in Mr. Phillips's stud, and she is, in fact, half sister to the yearling called Colleen Dhas. How many Tam o' Shanters, Argyles, Emeralds, and Activitys have we not had? Hyacinth only a Bhort time ago won the Newmarket Handicap. In the Maribyrnong Plate there are two colts named Manxman. Mr. Kermode published the christening of his colt months ago, i and this must have escaped Mr. G. Davis's notice. There are several very appropriate names, notably Clemency, by First King from Pardon; Ambition, by Emulation from Henrietta; Trojan, by Wild Eagle from Maid of Troy; Opal, by Wellington from The Gem; Kenneth, by Maribyrnong from Mona; West Wind, by Robinson Crusoe from Zephyr ; The Vow, by Tubal Cain from Promise ; Ketort, by First King from Re partee ; and Progressive, by Progress from Royal Maid. In the V.R.C. events, I observe Mr. A. R. Robertson calls his colt by Lapi dist from Idalia, Hop-picker. In the A.J.C. events, which closed in April, he is nomi nated as Calstock. Unless "late Calstock" was added to the V. R.C. nomination the entry will be informal I'm told that with respect to the Rex case at Warrnambool I argued from wrong pre mises. The stewards, it appears, took evi dence respecting certain betting transactions in which Rex was concerned; and, consider ing that they explained why Defamation was scratched, they determined to disqualify Rex trader Rule 135, which provides for corrupt and fraudulent practices. Rex therefore hasn't a thousand to one chance of having the verdict upset It is a pity, however, a little more information was not provided to the press. The Grand National meeting of Sydney Tattersall's does not appear to liave been an unqualified success. The mistake made by Corrigan and Cree in the Steeplechase must have been a bitter pill for those who had backed the pair singly and in doubles. I cannot understand two first class profes sionals making so stupid a mistake, though, it will be remembered, King fell into a Bimilar error. It was lucky, however, for Mr. M. Smith, whose colours were landed first past the post by M'lvor on Progress. The latter has not had much luck in Australia, and this victory was, no doubt, very acceptable to the New Zealand horseman. Nobody was more chagrined than Corrigan at the mistake he made, and with good reason, for he and his triends had backed the double, Echo and Clarence, for a goodly sum. Some of the unthinking hooted him, and I was sorry to hear that he lost his temper and struck one of the crowd with his whip. The Hurdle Race also came to Vic toria by the aid of that honest old slave Echo. The owner of Hunter smoothed the way by scratching his horse, as he threatened to do if he could not get a good price about him. As he states that he never invests more than a few pounds, it seems strange that he should take forestalling 60 much to heart But for ways that are dark and tricks' that are vain, some racing men are very peculiar. In Victoria, it was thought that Mr. Scarr had treated Hunter and Sir Patrick very leniently, and they were backed pretty freely in doubles. The backers ask why were they scratched? EtJio answers why. Mr. Madden, having two horses to carry him tiiis season, is desirous to dispose of his hunter Pretender. This safe and clever fencer is well known with the Melbourne Hounds. Capital entries have been received for the Benaigo Jockey Club meeting: For the Hurdle Race 26 nominations have been re ceived. There are 16 in the Steeplechase, 24 in the Telegraph Stakes, 11 in the Selling Flat Race, 10 in the Selling Hurdle Race, ana 27 in the trot Kb J. H. G. Pountney, secretary of the Queensland Turf Club, has forwarded the conditions of the Queensland Derby and St Leger. The former will be run at the Q.T.C. meeting in November, 1686, and the latter at the autumn meeting in Hay, 1887. The club adds 150 sovs. to each, and yearlings are eligible for these stakes, which close on Friday, July 30. Entries will be received by the secretary of the A. J.CI, so that any Vic torian breeder desirous to nominate can do so with Mr. Clibborn. At a committee meeting of the Murrain bidgee Turf CI ub on Monday night, thequestion of closely fencing the racecourse for coursing purposes was discussed, and it was finally decided that the work should not be carriea out It was reported that the deficiency for the last autumn race meeting was about £17. It was decided to bold a spring meeting on November 18 and the two following days, and to run off the Sires' and Marcs' Produce Stakes at this meeting. It was arranged that two programmes be prepared, the one showing six and the other seven races on each day, for submission to the committee next week. The addedtnoney will be £1,850, £300 over last year's amount The nomina tions for the principal handicaps are to be made on August U, the weights to be de clared after the Sydney spring meeting, leav ing the date of acceptance open. It was decided to make further improvements in the course and the saddling paddock. H. TibbaUs, who trained Stockwell and Malna when they made such a creditable dibit on the Victyrian turf, is getting a nice little string tbgetbtei\rand ne intends, if pos sibly tip fake stabfiiig At Caolfield. Next week he leaves for ^asm^nia for the purpose ofbririgiti# over Revenge, Dnke of Atnol, St Albfftf &xid; Clarendon* aod hifi totew will j Bhortly be further augmented by the addition of Signal and another from Warinambpol. J believe it is quite likely that Bonnie Dundee will also be trained by Tibballs, whom I have always found a very careful and attentive man. The weights for the New Zealand Cup have been declared, and, having read most of the reports of the racing of the past season in New Zealand, I Bhould Belect Lady Emma, Captain Webster, and Wapiti as the beet-treated animals in the race. Tas man has fairly earned the position of top weight ; but if Dan O'Brien ta to win the big race of our southern kinsmen it will be with something with a lighter weight than has been given to the Bon of St. Albans. The only Victorian-bred animal encaged is Tur quoise, and he is third on the list with 9at 31b. Considering that he has won his last two handicaps with 9st. 51b. and 9st 101b., I don't think he is hardly used. Handicappers in New Zealand do not reBt upon a bea of roses any more than their Aus tralian brethren. Messrs. Dowse, Philp, and Gourley, handicappers to the Dunedin Jockey Club, lately resigned, and gave as a reason that they were publicly subjected to abuse and inBult by one of the Btewards in the pre sence and without the interference of the other stewards. " An Old Sportsman," in the Otago Daily Timss, is particularly rough upon the Dunedin weight- apportioners as well as the stewards, and winds up a long letter by stating that "owners of horses are getting dispirited, honest men are disgusted, and the welfare of the club is at stake" I have often wondered why the leading clubs of New Zealand-the southern portion, at all events-have not long ere this appointed one handicapper. Is it a case of Dunedin versus Christchurch ? Take my advice, my New Zealand friends, select some competent man. appoint him handicapper, and pay him weiL Don't imagine, however, I that there will be no fault-finding from press men or grumbling from owners of horses. Be the handicapper the best in the world, he is bound to meet with some adverse criticism, but there will be less cause for any suspicion of favouritism, and probably you will have larger fields and better racing. P. Pigott informs me that he has thoroughly recovered from the accident which he met with while riding Plunger in the Melbourne Stakes, and during the coming season he will be prepared to ride at 8st 51b. He has pur chased the cottage and ground formerly owned by R. Walker, and having erected some boxes he intends to take a few horses to train. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. announce by advertisement that they will hold their annual parade, show,'and sale of horses at the City Horse Bazaar, Sydney-road, on Monday, August 3, and they will continue it through the week. The Williamstown Racing Club programme appears this week, and contains five events, viz., Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs.; Railway Stakes, of 50 sovs.; Handicap Steeplechase, of 50 sovs.; Selling Race, of 50 sovs.; and Epsom Handicap, of 50 sovs. Entries close on Monday, July 13. The V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes has attracted a splendid collection of youngsters. Sir Thomas Llder is represented by 25, and 13 are by Darriwell, all but three of this baker's dozen being colts. Mr. A. Town, Mr. F. Reynolds, and the Hon. James White have some grandly-bred youngsters to their names, and so have Messrs. G. Lee and W. Dargin. Mr. James Wilson has nominated his first batch by St Albans, and the Hon. W. Pearson, Messrs. Finlay, Phillips, Harper, A Yuille, S. Miller, K L. Smith, A. F. Bradsbaw, D. S. Wallace, H. J. Bowler, J. Mitchell, F. Tozer, and J. llaimes arc well represented. Sir William Clarke hasaconple in his name, one a filly by ProgressfromKate,andtheotheracolt by Defoe from Petrea. IntheV.R.C. Normanby Stakes and Derby Mr. S. Gardiner appears as the largest contributor, with 16 in the former and 10 in the latter. I'm glad to hear that the V.R.C. com mittee has granted W. Harden £1 10a. per week, also that a subscription is to be started on behalf of his wife and children. As heavy Tain set in again on Friday, Mr. Cox was compelled to postpone Moonee Valley Race Meeting again, and the stewards have chosen Saturday next as the day upon which the races will be decided. Weather permitting Wyndham meeting will take place to-day. Arrangements have been made for a special train, and should the weather be fine, no doubt there will be a good attendance. As the going is likely to be slippery, it would be unwise to attempt to select winners. Messrs. W. Yuille and Co. have disposed of the Tasmanian horse Bonnie Dundee. I believe rhe price paid was 800 guineas, and the colt will go into Tibball's stable. Mr. J. Menzies has forwarded a sovereign for W. Harden, who has been removed to the Alfred Hospital ? Royal Maid, who was purchased by Mr. J. Cohen on Wednesday, goes into Chifney's stable. The Ghost and Grace Darling have gone back to Mr. J. G. Reid's; and Ulver stone was not sold. Lucky Hit will be trained by James Wilson, jun. Mr. Thomas Jennings, one of the best known men on Tasmanian racecourses, is on a visit to Victoria. Since I saw him a few months ago he has put on more flesh,1'and now weighs over 33st While returning from Band wick last Satur day Mr. T. S. Clibborn was thrown out of a buggy and rather severely bruised. His friends will be glad to hear that he was not seriously injured. 