VICTORIA BAGING CLUB WINTEfc MEETING. Satcbday, Jvly 18. Stewards - Mesara. C. B. Fisher, It O Shanaaay, B. Goldsbrough, D. Si Wal lace, and Robert Power. Judj?e-Mr. 0. Vowlea Starter-Mr. G. Watson. Handi capper-Mr. E. T. Barnard. Clerk ot the Coarse-Mr. P. Johnson. Timekeeper Mr. T. Gaunt Secretary - Mr. ttl Moore. Pleasant weather daring the early portion of the week and up to Friday strengthened the hopes of all who had made op their mind# to visit Flemfngton to witness At Grand National meeting of tbe Y.RC. A few ominooQ clouds, however, appeared on tbe horizon on the day preceding the meeting, aod the weatherwise shook theit heads and prophesied acbange. Before Alt break on Sat^^y the>k |irognostic(itioiu wete fntQlled, lot tbfe plttTtat element begpto ffH most copiously, anfl .'at the surrounding* wert dreary in tbe extreme, It was fchought*ewere infor a wet day. After breakfast* ^? the de light of everybody of a sportive ink of punii a favourable chanae tooK place, and : than iW "${?' ime have been a dl anaenbUrbtti mi ofthe public; cellency Sir Henry jjoca arovc w ««. and was accompanied by his suite. Kotwwa standing thp ttf® vSSL'tt Mil closely pack agreeably wet compiling favd$£a|jy is tionof mud! ^^me fore^M^^^^ the Jock^a^wom had bfee» raHedoff.1^0^ that Jookei*and mtoera should ingress to ^ narrowed, tbq Rud a good i .enced in XUMo&tottrt;' between tbe, effiotent " " ghinff enclosure.*^ e-necV.' iOP^^S I juconye^nce^ij^, ttthV'lnter5§ Jigopr. fbeiryenrbest#!i ffho was very fit, and, moreover, had the services of Corrigan, there was a strong run , upon the Cnulfield-trained colt Before the I horses left the paddock, however, it was whispered that Coffey had a real good horse in ]!iiven, and as the clever party behind him i put down their money without hesitation, he 8t one time supplanted Hippogriff in the wagering. Insolvent was the Ballarat repre sentative, but the visitors from the I colden city did not appear to be partica-' larly sweet upon his chance, and most of their money followed the popular jockey! Corrigan. Duration was in blooming health and condition, and the others were turned out in good form. The useful-looking Oculist made most of the running until he come to grief. At half a mile from home the i favourite was palling over everything, and rnrriean, taking bim to the front at the tarn,' " ' J«rv easily. The winner is a gwm-iw* w*on o/Aldinga and Hippona, and shaped ^well »P«n tbi8v bis fi«t appearandaaa racer, that there can be no doubtre ifis future success at the new busi M'lie Maiden Steeplechase attracted a SMdofe'gh^ and as R&d; had Reticent in «i?pnt form, and the horse was backed hfthe friends ot the stable, the public fot fowed the money. Lady Asfiton, a Blashing wmare, and Kulkyne were also supported freely. Lady Ashton, who is one of Fhe tearaway sort, cut ont the work at a wetty fair pace, and the field was soon Induced by Indian Queen and Kiverton baulking obstinately. Mr. Pearson s mare continued in front until they, reached the last jump, when the favourite gave her the iTbv and beat her with ridiculous ease, fae winner, who is by Silence, was bred by Mr A. Smith, of Lindenow, and judging from the style in which he performed upon this and the previous occasion he ap peared in public, he should ripen into a first-class steeplechaser. Although the best portion of the next hour was devoted by many to luncheon, the excitement amongst the enthusiastic division waxed much warmer. The summons for weighing for the Grand National Hurdle Race was answered by half a score jockeys, and directly Mr. Thomas Wilson and Corrigon were seen wending their way towards Sheet Anchor, the favourite was surrounded "by a thickly packed crowd. Corrigan and the Ballarat trainer were never more confident of victory, and as the immediate friends of the stable still continued to invest their money in his favour, the price of the horse decreased until in many instances the best offer was even money. When Sheet Anchor's clothes were removed various opinions were expressed respecting his condition, a great majority of the judges pronouncing him quite fit, while not a Few thought the horse was a little above himself. Huntsman pre sented a thoroughly trained appearance, DUt there was an air of mystery about him, which did not seem to please the public, though all misgivings respecting The Agfent were set at rest when he stripped in such superb con dition that there was a perfect buzz of admira tion. The handsome little chestnut never looked so well, and as he had been freely backed outright on behalf of his owner after the circulation of the report that he was suffering from a severe cold, he must have recovered in a marvellous manner. Anyhow, his condition was highly creditable to his trainer, Read. The ancient Western re presentative, Star, too, was sent to the post as fit as any horse in the race, ahd the ring men were confident that he would light them on the way to victory. Guardfiah, another visitor from the westward, was turned out in tip-top form, and we may say the same of Tattler, who had been wound up to perfec tion. The North-eastern visitors evidently were fond ot the prospects of Omadhaun, otherwise they would not have secured Batty to ride him, and Mr. Cox stated that he believed his horse Cockboat had an outside show. Mr. Watson despatched them to a splendid start, and, after they had got round the first turn Guardfiah made play at a rate that would have done well enough for a mile race, but was a little too fast to last through a long and severe three-mile race, especially in heavy ground. Star and Tantaliser fell at the river side, and then all went well until they jumped the bardie between the sheds and the turn, where Omadhaun came to grief, and Sheet Anchor being close in TUB wake, was seriously interfered with, for as he rolled over and struck the favourite, OmaJhaun's legs became entangled with Corrida's reins, Sheet Anchor losing bo much ground by this ionfretetnps that pursuit was hopeless, though Oorrigan persevered on the off chance. Enfterigg$he straight Guard fish was fully 20 lengths in front of .the main body, at whose head was Huntsman, <md as the leader maintained his advantage past tlie stand, it was thought he would neve? he caught. By the river side, however, Tattler,, ihe Agent, and Cockboat began toduniniah the gap, but the severity of the pacet began to tell its tale upon everythingbut The Agent, and after passiug the sheds ine latter slowly hutgradually drew nearer to GuardfeM. Then, as they rounded the home .'turn, "Ferguson made a run at, the leader, and Guardfiah iiaving spun himself ont, the cbestnat drew to the front and won with ease. The who was bred in the Western district is a son of the New Zealand horse ^StendererYtulI' brother to Calumny), and though-smafl^i stature, he is one of , the TOat hutdle }'ancera the day. Crolier, who tad been aiding Tantaliser, was BQ seriously, ijured that he had td be conveyed itx lnlam^aDCe room, where two tncdical quickly m attendance,: " that he was sufferipg ftom otmcowton wwa & &eMdt;^rneHot SL S®fo,lSli?6ce11of ^d's stable favotaalfle impression mnon'g bacLers, and as Governor, wa's to carrv thfc colfiurs of Mr. Hart in ttffGtand®oSS Steeplechase there was an immediate rush to get on, and he undoubtedly had the call in the wagering,«notwithstandintt the Bupportaw^edt»MOT^®wSt(5!SS alhS6^ vim* Fym et said . to be the - mare brilliant animal. To prevent an? S toi°«h,il1 backed the pair. ?ho%1^^^v,^h«Sle'»«i<l. tarn % rteMW in feit condition!, Miiiervi ^u^ «1,«0pe? °la 8urPri8e with too smll for^neh^Hff T whJtow^d^^158 ^Pectin^ Memder time to requires !»d had every justice oonethem, andForester (struck usaa slightly improved rnnce be rajiat lilsternwick-paJJk, though hejdid not quite bear the Victorian mint-mark, Denmark was surrounded by a large circle of admypets, strongest among them being hit former owner &nd; several of his Tasmania countrymen. -1'lie gallant son of Horatio looked as^fitfes ever we haveseeh him, anddeaplte his height and the state of the ground hisfriends (confi dently invested their tnoneir in his favour. Granville wis a Itritie above "hitnselL and J Trlckett waalonW . out of, stive's rider h&d;^<tattl**i! up his mind that there should be a pace, but though he made it fast, Denmark, with all his weighty was pulling over him. Granville was the first to make a mistake, and came dowp at the bridge, Denmark in the meantime having rushed to the front, but K Lid u ft steadied him, and: Native again assumed the lead. On they came to the fences in front of the stand, and at the palings Leo blundered and nearly came down, and then Moonlight struck the stone wall and Bent his rider spinning, while the horse turned a somersault Mernder also came down, and Morven, overreaching as he landed, likewise parted company with Scobie, who cleverly extricated his leg from the stirrup-iron. At the next obstacle, the logs. Forester struck heavily and fell, giving his rider, Keating, a severe shaking. Native and Denmark were in front as they ran by the river side, but Leo came down at the stone wall and broke his shoulder, and and Governor fell with him. Progress came to grief further on, Minerva also putting hereelf out ol court by coming down a cropper at the fence near the sheds, Native following her bod example at the succeeding ob stacle. Thus Sailor, Wymlet, and Den mark were left with the race between them, and as they entered the straight Sailor was in front, but Wymlet soon challenged, and, after the semblance of a struggle, he settled the chesnut, and drew away ana won easily. As Corrigan was on the winner, we were rather surprised to see the victory re ceived so quietly, but the public bad shown a strong preference for Morven, and the colours being the same many of them be lieved it was their favourite winning, the illusion not being dispelled until the horse approached the winning-post. Wymlet, who is a rare cut of a steeplechaser, was bred by the Hon. Henry Miller, and is by King Tom from Ballet Girl. When he ran at Fleming ton upon a previous occasion, he displayed a rare tarn of Bjieed, but shirked his fences. At Ballarat he improved considerably in the hands of Mr. Thomas Wilson, and; as the schooling was undertaken by Corrigan, he made great progress, though now and then he showed a disposition to shirk his fences. Although so many accidents occurred during the race, it is gratifying to know that none of the jockeys received serious injuries. M'lvor had his sht>ulder bruised, and Malone, Scobie, and Keating received a severe shaking, batnobonea were broken. Mr. Bond, on examining Leo, found that it would be useless to attenmt to save him, and gave orders for his destruction. Of the SO numbered upon the card for the Selling Hurdle Race, only half a dozen laced the starter, and Flam borough, with.-Coitfgan.in the saddle, was made a strong favourite, but he was rather easily disposed of by Student, who, on being submitted to auction, .was bought in at £140, all of which went to the foods, of the cluh. For the Flat Race, Favour, Gardenia, and Fernlea had most supporters. Plausible also met with some attention, and the im mediate friends of The Ghoet quietly invested their money on the ugly-looking son of Hamlet Sir Charles looked very like a win ner at the turn, but he died away when Plausible and The Ghost tackled him, and an interestingcontest between these two ended in a clever victoryfor The Ghost Details: MAIDEN HURDLE RACE, Of 6 sovs. each, with TOO added. Second'horse to re ceive 2$ aovs. and the third 10 fovs. oat ol the | stake. About two miles. Mr. R. O. Talbot's b o Hippogrilf. by AMInga Hippona, 3 yta. M., carried 9sb 81b. (Corrigan) Mr. j. Bhoden's b g Sea Breeze, i yrs, IOaL 21b. ; (Ml) ; .. .. .. Mr. J. (Mope's M e Duration, i yn, M. 19b. (M'Leod).. .. .. .. .. .. .. 81 Mr. A. M'Donald's b h- Coop d'Etat, 6 yrs, 1(M. 61b. (Riogwood) .. .. Mr. F. O'Do on ell's ch h G rattan, 5 yn, lOst 51b. (Chaston) .. .. \ Mr. J. P. D. Laurie's b g Ecbo, 6 yn, lOst. 21b. (Beauehamp) .. .. .. 0 Mr. O. Pyers'soh g Oculist, 6 yrm, Wrt. 21b. (Geo&e;) 0 Mr. A. Summers's b g Ace, 6 yrs, lOst 21b. (Kildnff) 0 Mr. J. Ware'e b g Insolvent, 4 yrs, 10gt gib. (Oarey) 6 Mr. T. Coffey's bl g Baven. aged, lOst 21b. (Cree) Mr. H. Darlot'g b g W&lhalla;, 5 yn, lOst 21b. (Mr. H. Watson) Sir W. J. Clarke's br c Athenian, 4 yn, 9st. 121b. (Casey) 0 Mir. a Mahon's br g Suncraft, 4 yrs, ttet. 01b. (Byan) 0 Mr. J. Simeon na bio Ebony, 8 yn, 9sL (Hunt) .. 0 Betting.-1 to 1 agst Hippogriff, 5 to 1 agst Baven, 7 to 1 agit Insolvent and Ace, 8 to 1 ngst Duration, and 10 to 1 agstr Oculist and Sea Breeze, 12 to 1 agst Athenian. Haven and Duration jumped off first to a good start, after which, Insolvent took the lead, attended bv Duration and Baven, the two last being Athenian and Walhaila. Qomtng to the bend, loaolrent bad Duration for attehdabt, as alao Hlppo^nfl. 'fhU was the order tnto the straight, and up to the first of the double,' Bip|>ogriff then leading past tbe stand, saeeeeded.'.ay Sea Breeze, Oculist, Echo, Duration, and WaUtaOa, vitbConp d'Etat last. Bounding the! tarn Duration vw thf leader, Oculist and SeaBteoes next, Oculist, hemever, going to the front along the iriyer. foirowea 'by Sei Brew®, Duration, WalbiHa,' Insolvent, arid Hippogriff, whilst tho remainder were tolling off. . Alongtbe b»elc of the coarse Ooullstand Sea Breeze wece m company. and at the next obstacle tfcefirst-Baaiednn clean i^ dropping to the rear in consequence .,At tbe «baUoin Sea Beeaae «.« thejiilot, and led put the sheds, Duration next, and puffing haijd, with .fiUonlff 'ftiii Baven next Seeing down to ths'turfc, Sea Braexo and Hippo griff wero together, (fas -.latter making . fast run, and leading into the straight four lengths to front. Duration ptlhQTdiatsiBco came very list, fet? , _ . woni"te"acanteri>yai._"_ . land three quartcta lios^H&fa; Breeza, who defeated ; Duration by halt * length for seoood bonoura. In iGolvent finished f6ufth oh tbe quarters of Duration, and "then came Baven, Suncrott, and Qrattan, with I ithe remainder punJflSMpTrBoto and QoUp d'Etat | being the two laat. 35ne.tei. fls. STEEPLECHASE, Ol 5 so vs. eaoh. with 800 added. The second hewo to reoeire 26 eova and thkd IS sora out o( the j stake.v ... Ifr. Q. H. Bead's br g ftettcent, by Silence, 4 yn, 5l0st flh.(Ohaston) ..; ... ., .. Bon. W.Peanou'sb mlsdy. Ashton, fl yr«, Ust. ' 121b. (Ktlduff) i .. .. .. Mr. 8. Miller's fc g Eulfc^M, aged, llet lUb. (Mx< EWatm) .. i v.'. ... ». .. .»? Mr. O.^L Filgate's br g Brovrn Ei^le, aged, list. lUb. (Mr. 0. Riga to).. ... -.. ... ^ .. ^Ir. 3. ntStfa b nr Jo&t; Indian Queen JI.t 6 yr^ list Bbt (Oee)~ .. . .. Mr. J.-Dinan's b g Stgaal, 6 .yrs, list. 61b. <Hu» sey)i ..v.r Mr. & U. yVUaon's b g Birarton, fl yw or ^ed, list. Ub, (tt'Leod) .. .. .. .. Betttag.-C to 4 agat Betlocnt, i to <1 agst Lady Asbton. Bignal "was Drst away, but gave place to lady Ashton, who led over the first fenoe, followed by toe first named and RetreaV fUvertoa aad Joe's Indian! Queen II. baulked at the next jump, but the latter was got over at the seeo&d; attorns*. Lady Ashton meanwhile tod into the rtc&igbV; aweoded by f and passing the stand Mr. Pearson's more had 1 a gap of half a . sosm leagtiu bstwaan herself and Uetioeat, suooeedlug thsjawar being Signal, Kulltyne, JBrown Eagle, and Joe'slndiaB Qaeen IL, Uiajrttsr and Riverton again nfu^BfrnvfairttestMiAbt. Pass iqg tee river, Udy ArtitoniJsd doublad.herlead from tlte tarourite; Bro«di nitfs'fit me others being beaten off. As they i» f£Wiir« sifle, Rettoent was (est overhauling jtha risutt^. wbilst Kulkyne was Running third. In ' le^ ltrtdes, however, Lady Ashton again drew amVhSaA' passing the abattoirs had a leu of is lengtbliHSitoeravoarite, about the ?""i ikdy'Ashton, and She _ .|illat a aoore yardi ss with:* lead w ii&L;»;jdSMatdglM, wbtoh "he in ap.h^ng iMjthTn^ utAv iftsfatM. n fiurla^tuoatn -* HpilljUlwVl 4IA GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE BACE, ] Of 10 BO vs. each, with 400 added. The second horse to receive 60 sova. and the third 25 to vs. out of the stake. About three miles. Mr. O. H. T. Bart'* eh b The Agent, by Slanderer, dyrs, list filb. (Ferguson) Mr. J. P. O. Laurie's br g Guard fish, 6 yrs, lOst. flb, (Beau champ) i Mr. W. 8. Cos'i b h Cockboat, 6 yrs, 9st. (Cox) " 3 Mr. L Foulsham's b g Huntsman, 0 yrs, list. Sib. (Sims) Mr. M. Loughlin's br b Sheet Anchor, 6 yrs, lOst. 121b. (Oorrlgan) Mr. J. Whitehead's bg Star, aged, lOst 111b. (Goodie) .. 0 Mr. P. J. Cox's g g Student, aged, lOst. 111b. (Cree) 0 Mr. B. Philip's oh m Tattler, 0 yrs, Ost. 111b. (Huht) 0 Mr. A. MUonald'a b g Omadhaun, & yrs, 9st 81b. MrfjI^Gmde's br h iintaliser, 0 'yre, Ost. lib. ° (Croker) .. .. .. Betting.-5 to 4 agst Sheet Anchor, 4 to 1 agst The Agent, 8 to 1 agsi Huntsman, 10 to 1 agst Star, littler, Student, and Omedhaon, The flag fell to a splendid start, the lot Jumping off in a line. The first to break up was The Agent, fol lowed by Tantaltser and Star. Tantaliser led the way over the first hurdle, succeeded by Guard fish, The Agent, Echo, Sheet Anchor, Tattler and Btudent being last Bounding the bend and coining to the river Huntsman had gone into the leading position, Guard flab lying next to him, then Sheet Anchor, with Tattler last.' There was little change as they oommenced the run along the back of the course, soon after which, however, Tantaliser and Star came down, and the jockey of the former landing on to his head, was severely injured. Hearing the bridge GuanlOsh bad drawn up to Huntsman, and passing the sheds was half a soore lengths in front, then lead ing down to the turn, half-way to which Omadhaun feu in front Of the favourite, and Interfered with hlra so materially that before Oorrigan could fairly set h&n; gain? again be was hopelessly In the rear. Guardfbh led into the straight, and passed the stand with a lead ot over a score lengths itom Huntsman, The Agent, Tattler, Student, Cockboat in that order, Sheet Anchor following at a wide interval. Leaving the' straight the lead of Guardflth was so pronounced that It looked an impossibility for htm to be caught. The Agent meanwhile going into second plaoe, just in front of the main body as thqy passed the river. Along the back stretch Tattler took the position of pursuer to GuardSsh, and soon reduced the gap, but the latter drew away as they came to the abattoirs, and was leading Tattler ana The Agent qnlte IS lengths. The order was un changed at the sbeds, bat half way down to the home torn The Agent Was called upon,'and gradually drew Xto the leader, overhauling him very quickly, and wing the way into the straight, Cockboat now lying next to Guard fish. These posi tions remained unchanged to the end, and finally The Agent won in a canter by three lengths from Quart!fish, a length and a half from whom was Cock boat, with Tattler fourth, Student and Huntsman next, and the favourite next, beat cm off. Time, 6m. 01s. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. Of 15 8OV8. each, with 500 added. The second horse to receive 60 so vs., and the third 25 sovs. out ot the stake. About three miles. Mr. M. Loughlin's b g Wymlet, by King Tom Ballet Girl, 4 yrs, lOst. 41b. (Corrigan) .. .. 1 Mr. G. Russell's ch g Sailor, aged, 9st 101b. (M*Leod) : 2 Mr. J. Cohen's b g Denmark, aged, 12st 111b. (Kildufi) 3 Mr. G. H. TL Hart's br g Governor, 6 yrs, list. 51b. (Ferguson) .. .. 0 Mr. M. Loughlin's br g Morven, aged list 41b. (Soobie) 0 Mr. D. Tfcyk>ft b g Forrester, 6 yrs, list. (Keating) 0 Mr. J; M"Grade's br g Moonlight, aged, lOst. 101b. (Hill) 6 Mr. J. Huht'i br h Granville, 6 yrs, lOst. 81b. (Huht) 0 Mr. M. H. Smith's b g Progress, 6 yrs lost 71b. (M'lvor) k. 0 Mr. E. Martin's b g Native, aged, lOst. 71b. (Bird).. 0 Mr: L G. Wright's Iw m MfaSnra, 6 yre, lOst 61b. MrP^m'ert b g Mernder, 4yra, lOst. 51b. (Mr. H. Watson) \\. .. .. 0 Mr. E. M. Bond's br g Leo, 4 yrs, 9st. 101b. (Malone) ;. .. 0 Mr. P. i. Voz'a b gTrickett, 0 yrs, 9st 71b. (Chas ten) .. .. 0 Betting. -& to 1 agst Morven, 6 to lagst Governor and Wymlet. 10 to 1, each agst Denmark, Forrester, Progress, Bailor, and Leo, 12 to 1 agst Granville and Mernder. The Hhbrses were Bent on their Journey to a very even start, Wymlet being the first to show, followed by Sailor: but Denmark drew to the front, and passed the judge s box, with Native in attendance, Forrester, Leo, Minerva, aiid Wymlet succeeding, ana Governor last Roimditig-tbe torn Native was the leader, and sbow«d the way over the first Jump, in front of Den mark and Leo, Mernder, Wymlet. Morven, Forrester, and Trickett, Moonlight and ftogroBs being the rear most. The third jump saw Graoviile come to grief, and going along the back. Native and t)enmark were in company half a soore lengths in front of Mernder, Wymlet, Morvcn, and Leo. Native and Denmark took their horses along to the abattoirs, whilst at the shads Denmark went into the leading position, at tended by Native ; Wymlet,who had reduced the gap, running third, wi^h. Mernder, Leo, and Morven next most prominent, and Moonlight last, all jumping splendidly. Coming down to the torn, Denmark held a slight lead of Native and Wymlet, and came into the straight, up to the second of the ? quadrup!e in front of tin stand, polling hard over Native, Minerva, Leo, and Wymlet, the latter neariy tail ing, but being neatly recovered. At the stone wall, the next obstacle, Denmark and Native wero pttots, and bad barely got over when a ecrim rnkge becdneA, Morven, Moonlight, and Mernder all falling. The timber Jump also disposed of Forrester, and the latitat lafi the straight for the second time -wa« thereby naqr dJmlniibtrl in numbers. Ctemnark, Native; boo. Wypilet, Minerva, Sailor, sad Triocett went along die back of - the coarse, and that order was pretty *yell maintained up to the stone waH, near the abattoirs, where Leo came to grief with Governor. Progress and Triokett were next ptaced&oti; da aombatt and Minerva fell at the fence past the abattoirs. Denmark led past the eheds, followed bf Native, who at the next jump f«lL' Wymlet'and Sailor were now left in com mand, and the latter showed a bold front Hear ing the turn, lending fnto the straight, with Wymlet aU Denmaik la pomuit. Outside the aietanoe Sailor was Mom with, and Wfmlet, catching him at every stride, soon frrsrtltmlrd .Up, and cantered in fire lengtfcs la faxtLfaV Oat distance separating Sailor ahd Denmark. GnumUe su Trickctt came iu some t&neWter.; ltaie,%m. 1»,J«. BUBBLE BACE. Of 8 so vs. eftSb, wiifeUO added. Winner to be sold tor £60. Qne judeand a half and a distance.. Ur. p. J. QoxH g £ Student, bv Lecturer-Heart ease, agod,tOrt. Hlb.(nil) (Ofee) .. .. 1 life * Louahlbi'suii gtUinbowugh, 6yw, 10«t k lib (nit)( (Oo(ti|wirv. 2 Wr^ l^kji»'s br )t Mwc»st#r,« yi* Hit (nil), ^ . ycbrkPat&ter;, «geJ, lQst. 111b. (nil), ' i .. ,, 0 iptmontlrti cb b Aotgal, 5 yrs, MM.] I, (Ferguson) 0. t agst Fkjtiborough, 4 to 1 ant and Atsegki,' 1 *^ ?usilier«6 to 1 .88t __Furfll« led jmstlhe Stand, followed by Doncaster, FUmteiw^b. StodenV» and EqMity, Assegai b^ng .tJ^SBwwwiHttcfithe same along as riror; ^ Wtlt«(Ijw coaxes Fusilier, borough, ud Student were side by side, wad Doncaster tbs . Qp^log to tho abattolrs, Donoaster had gbw tip to tile lttkdtitf, ind ,tho quartette passed the weds on pretty eqtnd ,terms. Fiatnboroiq^i and Student raoed dlown ta tbsbeod together, with Doa castet and Fusilier inviosa atteadaooe. Fusilier led into the stndgbt; bat Studsut, biding his Ume, led over the last hordle, aud won in a canter by threo lengths front the favourite, a length and a halt behind whom was Donoaster, with Fusilier fourth, and Eqoito'next, whilst Assegai broke down. Time, 8m. I71e. Itvi «uuw' was bought in for 140 .0rm.. VLAT Of fi sovs. eaoh, with UOadded. <Poe mile. Ilr. J. G. Beid's ch g The Ghost, by Hamlet My»te«y a«e4,8ft. «b. (J. WUliaiu*) .. .. 1 Hon. W. Person's b g llausiUle, & yrs, 8st 101b. (Power) ;. " ? .. .. 2 Mr _T. Ooues'a br 0 Bohemian. 3 yrs, 7st. 91b. (Uait) .. .. * .. .. .. 8 Mr. J. Ware's clifc lrralee, 6 yre, Ost fib. (Robert- ^ .on) . ... .. 0 Cork's bbAnglesey, fi yrs, ait 41b. ^ w'ttenlei^*4 yw. T& 121bi (Saonders) . ». 0 Ur.J. Wilsorfs, brc lUngraastor, 1 yrt, ?«t. ftlL ,, .. 11 0 i's bo Oinoionatus, S yrs, 7at Mr. J. B. Oowell'a b o Sltocco, 3 yrs, 7st. Gib. (Ifaley) 0 Mr. C. Wilson's bm Gardenia, >6 yr0, 7sfc 61b. (O'Brien) .. .. " « Mr. J. M'Donald's ch g Favour, aeed, 7si 41b. (Cracknell) " .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. 0. F. Finger's b h Sir Charles, 6 yrs, 7et 21b. (Nicholson) 0 Mr. P. Kelly's ch g Warfleld, 5 yre, 7st. 2lb. (Marr) .. .. ^ 0 Sir W. J. Cinrke's br g Vernet. i yn, Ost. 131b. (Doherty) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. A. Lang's b t Agatha, 4 yrs, 6st. 121b. (Brown) ® Mr. H. Haines's b c Berkeley, 3 yrs, 6st 81b. (G. Williams) .. .. .. 0 Betting.-5 to 1 agBt Favour, 7 to 1 each aest Gar denia and Fernlea, 10 to 1 etch agst Plausible, The Ghost, Sirooco, Bohemian, Sir Charles, and Vernet Berkeley was first away, followed by Agatha, The Ghost, and Plausible. Coming to the abattoirs Agatha, Warfield, Femloa, and The Ghost were the most prominent; whilst passing the sbedi the colours of Sir Charles and Berkeley were in the van. Sir Charics led down to the turn and Into the straight up to the end of the carriage paddock, where he was overhauled by Plausible and The Ghost, the two latter of whom singled themselves out, and made a fine run home, Plausible on the roils. Powei rode a most resolute finish on Plausible, who, however, was at laat beaten by a short bead. Two and a half lengths behind Plausible came Bohemian, Sir Charles being fourth, Ringmaster. Gardenia, Warfield, and Berkeley next; the succeeding lot including Favour, with Vernet as wbipper-in. lime, Ira. 48J*. The following were the amounts of the stakes won: Mr. M. Loughlin First, Grand Rational Steeplechase .. £745 Second, Selling Hurdle Race .. .. S \- £784 Mr. C H. T. Hart First, Grand National Hurdle Race .. .. 503 Mr. J. G. Reid First, Fist Ram .. .. Mr. R. G. Talbot First, Maiden Hurdle Race Mr. G. H. Head First, Maiden Steeplechase Mr. P. J. Cox First, Selling Hurdle Race Mr. J. P. D. Laurie Second, Grand National Hurdle Race.. .. 50 Mr. G. Russell Second, Grand National Steeplechase .. 60 Hon. W. Pearson Second,. Maiden Steeplechase » .. £25 Second, Flat Race.. " ?. - 5 30 Mr. J. Rhoden Second, Maiden Hurdle Race ..... 25 Mr. Vf. 8. Cos Third, Grand National Hurdle Race " " 25 Mr. J. Oaken Third, Grand National Steeplechase .. .. 25 Mr. 3. Crippa Third, Maiden Hurdle Race M _. «« 10 Mr. & Miller Third, Maiden Steeplechase .» - .. 10 Xot4l £2,410 