A ROUNDABOUT VERSE OF HUMBUG SPECIALLY DEDICATED TO ALDERMANIC CANDIDATES (BY CURMUDGEON.) Let rotten sycophancy rave Its malice for the blows I gave; Let cuckoo-headed dullards paint My Muse a devil of a saint; True to her independent track, No ruffian threats shall drive her back; The spears of satire she'll let fly, And smite the humbug's hip and thigh. Let pious money grubs and fools Plod their dull way by rigid rules, And keep their cold ideas furl'd In the black cobwebs of the world. A different path of life I take, And different speculations make. To wound oppressors is my task, And knavery's villain brow unmask; Scourge base corruption's reptile back, And let loose ridicule on its track. Laugh vanity and presumption down, And hunt the bugbears of the town. Many may cavil and have cavilled; I was often denounced, bedevill'd, For such's my hard reward, forsooth, For daring to unveil the truth. Yet at all risks the truth I'll tell, Tho' threatened with the fear of hell. That dread text, like the game of goose, By some is turned to damn good use; While the curst would continue still As full of falsehood, fraud, and ill, And godless perfidy unreached, As if Hell's doom was never preached. What wonder if among the herd This foul contagion has appeared, When o'er some shepherds' selves we find Sordid, vindictive, and unkind. There's are more high deeds of merit done In an Aldermanic election fought and won, And the promotion of some villain, Sent to represent the million, Than if the devil was overthrown, And broken his horns and collar bone. As long as bombasts, false and hollow, Shall get a herd of fools to follow Their hocus-pocus politics, The land shall curse their juggling tricks. * * * * * * * * It may be asked what cause have I, The flail of satire to apply With such uncharitable stroke, On the bare back of "genteel folk." Bad is the man—deserving blame, Who strikes without a cause or aim; Vicious is he who would offend A neighbour for a private end; Wontonly wicked must he be, Who wounds a heart maliciously, Or, for some spurious, petty pique, Crimsons a fellow creature's cheek. That man I would denounce, condemn, And shun him as a devil's limb. First, let it here be understood, I do it for the public good, To shame cloaked tricksters, double-dyed And steer the crest of godless pride. To tear the hypocritical hood From suckers of the people' blood, And hold the vile, insidious crew Up to the scorn of public view. * * * * * * * * Look at this picture of crows and kites, Those beggar-blooded parasites; Those locusts of the Aldermanic band, Whose hungry souls would eat the land. Look at them when some harpy comes Amongst them, dressed in foreign plumes, A feast is made without delay, To treat the Dives of the day. Belshazzar's banquet hall is full With many a raving cuckoo skull; Speeches are made, addresses framed, Johnson's and Murray's ghosts are shamed. Someone fills the groaning chair, Polished and learned as a bear, He, mumbling, reads the blotched address, Puts vowels and verbs in one mess, Knocks staggering orthography flat, Some quacking drake will second that. The babe of grace looks bright like dawn, As if the world's ironmongery were in pawn, While the wise man winks his wisest eye. Then rises Alderman Crooked-shanks, Just to propose a vote of thanks. But ere the carnival is o'er, 'Tis ended in a vulgar splore, And off retreats the astounded guest, With their good breeding well impressed. * * * * * * * * Now at the Borough let us glance, And see what we may learn by chance; Taxes and rates are all the sway The general order of the day. Except the devil, no one knows Where all the public money goes. We have no footpaths, watering carts To give us baths in "genteel parts;" Our town's a scandal to the people, The pigstye here supports the steeple; Till some fine day from putrid parts Contagion, with a vengeance starts, And walks the dwellings of the town The affrighted people sweeping down; Then there is hurrying to and fro, Hearses, and palls, and cries of woe; Doctors and coffin-makers wade Up to their chins in mortal trade; From den to den inspectors run To see where cleansing should be done. Each dirty wall and dingy lane Is whitewashed, scoured, and cleansed in vain The wolf has half the herd destroyed Before the remedy was applied. If only the rich could breathe secure, The devil may care if all the poor Sunk down in everlasting sleep In the black chasms of the deep. * * * * * * * * Oh cash! you are a wondrous thing, You lift a beggar to a king, Make a companion of a clown For the best big-bug in the town. Worth, talent, genius, all are trash, Nothing is right or true but cash. One wealthy fool wins more respect Than ten poor men of intellect. Pooh! why did God Almighty deign To give an idea or a brain To a poor man—say Mammon's slaves, Born imposters, fools, and knaves. Publicans and huxters, I see you sneer, But I have satire's lightning here To scorch and twist your swinish hearts, And cleave them up in iron parts. Be traitor, libertine, or thief, In hell or heaven have no belief, But have a pocket full of tin, And that will cover every sin; You stand a perfect fellow then Before the eyes of sordid men. But, if you loose the golden charm, You're judged, and darned, and that's no harm. So, when a plodding knave begins The record of his huxtering sins, Makes in the world some lucky hit, And thrives by trickery more than wit-- Lord, how the mushroom swells and sways; Boobies and parasites sound his praise; Tho' no one can detect a gleam Of merit in the ass's frame, Yet all his faults are understood As offspring of exalted blood; If he says the sun is made of straw, Who in his words dare find a flaw? * * * * * * * * A show they thought would fetch the dust, And to hold a show of course they must:-- A show of pigs in great variety, And others of their kind society. Well, in order to enjoy the fun, I went breakfastless in the sun, And altho' eight pubs your town "enjoys," None of them a cook employs. Although for dinner I offered a crown Not a bit could I get within the town; But liquor was flowing like the sea, And many sad sights were there to see. Heaven's blazing vengeance on thee dwell, Thou mouthpiece of infernal hell. How many hearths hast thou left void? How many immortal souls destroyed? How many times has hell rejoiced To see the conquered blood of Christ Annulled by thee and shed in vain For souls by thee for ever slain? Foul, filthy dens for making wealth, Maddening men, promoting death, Why are they not compelled to cater For the wants of human "natur", Men's rights always filled my songs, But now I know that men have wrongs; Weak men are fleeced to publican's maw Under the guise of the very law. * * * * * * * * Before to other parts I'll wing, A parting shot I think I'll fling, And make the subject of my song The "enlightened" folk of Wollongong, Where the devil's anglers went about To fish the gipsy trucksters out. From back lanes, alleys, nooks, and holes, Human gorillas came in shoals To form this heterogeneous town, And play the scoundrel or the clown. The height of fashion is so low That the leader is perhaps Mrs. So and So, Who, with two maiden aunts, Beats her husband, and wears the pants; With a few engineers, or inspectors, And a couple of old free selectors Thrown in to give it spice, This is Wollongong Society—so nice! Ah! my! Sydney, Feb. 3rd, 1885. 