Lightwares. . T)r A PinriD That every line which written hew may to 0otolUm«rkttnilrhtaiidttiierrinj|tr; . ? ' ' ? \- That every Ims* beetmn an* fairly bought ; That coadenuwtipn never go vauoaght ; ?. . Tlurt,ett or throat or fEadapprovufcchMr* '- : ?Aim may be honest, thought and purpose clear. -? Of war? There u still nothing. Of preparation for war? Ah, much. There is nothing in this worli perhaps upon which there U such general knowledge* or assumption of knowledge, as .war. A boy Is scarcely breeched before he can show his mate how he would have won yesterday's fight ; . and the man u scarcely fledged with the first festoon of general knowledge and experience when he begins to criticise the actions of camps and councils, and to show how that fort could be taken by assault, and that tows rendered absolutely impregnable by a proper defence. Is not .this shown by the multitudes of letters ap~ - pearing.in the daily papers Ms it not more abundantij shown (answer, O, weary editors!) by the greater : multitudes which do not appear r Look at the notionr which you may -pick up in one day only, Here if t ' wise jnui who would straightway sheathe all hopper barges and tugboats with wood;, here another who . would pad them with wool ; and where is the shoe maker f Surely he must also have appeared with hie hammer and awl ; and amongst all the multitude it wax cruel to consign him to ' the basket'' 'Pah !' says a grim and whiskered warrior, weary of the endless flood of .suggestion, ' I will tell you th* ? roper way. Make me a tunnel, now, , from ^Circular luay to the Heads, fill it with gunpowder and dyna mite, and then if theBu8siaDS-come find me the man to fire it/' This idea ass at least the advantage of thoroughness, and contrasts pleasantly -with the tinpot cackle of the great multitude of counsellors. . I heard a word of truth about a certain episode of the late encampment (it was not the torpedo). A something did not go quite right, and the excuse waf kindly framed *y one not immediately interested : ' I -suppose it was seasickness, eh?' It was kindly meant, but by a veteran was taken as too humiliating. ' Seasick !' he growled ; ' what do you take. us fore It was liquor, sir, liquor.' And touching defence there is one good deed of that poor, sleepy, old Liberal Government which seems to merit a word of acknowledgement We are in a fuss, are we not about our cities and our ship ping and all our unprotected wealth. And we desire; most earnestly that we should possess some smart, strong, swift cruisers for purposes of protection ; and if there was really a good, smart Government in power in London it would doubtless pick up any fast*, strong steamer in these waters and fit her out at once. Well, it happens that the Massuia, newest an£ strongest and fleetest of the P. and O. fleet is just now in Sydney harbour, and it appears that she ha* somehow been purchased, and it Is rumoured that she will be equipped in Sydney harbour, and it is jut( , what ought to have been done, juit what a Beacons' field Government would have done, and how the Gladstone Government contrived to do it is past thi colonial Tory's understanding. It is a funny tiling, that commonplace Tory under* standing. I myself talked with a Tory not nunj days ago, but be put me aside in such royal and easy fashion that I know not yet whether to be merry ot sad. Tbi*w**itew*r at iti— Be would «M t*'v IE about Afghanistan, or Zululand, or Irish, or colonial M policy. They were all beneath him. 'I tell you j| he chops trees,' be said ; ' and what can yon expect H from a man who chope trees :' * The poor old lady who gave the simple, kindly wife '% of the Grand Old Man a ' bit of her mind *' was, in '* some respects, in the same category with this slip of Toryism in our own city. Poor lady, 'tis impossible ??? to regard her sorrow or her anger without a most pro found pity. Her gallant son-in-law, General Earle, had ?j ' fallen, «nd Mrs. Gladstone waited upon the widow -;'' . with intent to condole and sympathise. But the | mother appeared and flashed out, ' My son was % murdered by your husband.' God pity and forgive : I you, poor woman. One can at lea&t; sympathise with |~ vour sorrow and anger ; but for the promoters of the 1 primrose show the coiners of the phrases ' butcher and ! bolt,' ' slaughter and scuttle.' Andthecreaturesvdio -1- hold that capacity follows naturally the slaughter of ? half-tame pheasants in coverts, and imbecility the ' shopping of trees— well, we have nothing fox them at «U ; nothing at least that you would care to accept Did it ever occur to you how dull, how dead we are ; jn other ways, though we quicken a little to the sound 7f the trumpet? If not, will you kindly turn to Another page ''* read those letters on American irri gation ? Just note the ready perception, the prompt action, the far lookout, and the careful, practical plan. Here come two Yankees to the foot of a mountain range. A plain lies before them all sand and denota tion. They test the quality of that sand. They gauge the water stores of the nils. They see how the water can be brought down and distributed. They set to work, wave the wand of ingenuity and enter prise, and in a year or twolo! a town rises, with meadows and gardens, church, college, school, mar ket, avenue, electric light. And away go the two wizards with £40,000 each to smooth all the future ?wa js of their life in the world. Now, how it that no one or two of our Australian millionaires, or of thoss other millionaires who come to us from far lands at times, can look at such a dis trict as that of the Murrambidgee west of Narrandera, or the creek country north of the town of Brewarrina, and sooth of the Queensland border, and understand how by am outlay of half a million water might be stored and held and distributed through millions and over thousands of acres, and 60 lucerne and sorghum ; and all manner of green feed be made to grow, and \- icrub and bash and store feed of all sorts be made in all seasons available, and tens of thousands of cattle ? ' and hundreds of thousands of sheep be spared, and wool and mutton and beef be multiplied ; and, most important, true gold, beside which all else is but tinkling brass, dividends be returned a good deal more satisfactory than English three per cent* or Russian thirteen*. We are all dull and dead, and teally we might do worse than cry aloud to America, ?' Come ova and help, or at least teach us.' There seems to he one thing, though, in which we men of New booth Wales can teach our neighbours. It is in the dealing with, buehrangers. A short shrift , ! . and a straight shot seem their invariable lot with us. I Such was the fate of Moonlight, last of the despera ? does; rach was the fate of Angel and Thurston, the Coonamble escapees ; and so be it unto all who join ? ' themselves with the wolves. Only in this matter ot \ Angel and Thurston there is and must be regret [ about the fate of the poor storekeeper. The poor old : . man was shot upon nts Jinees while begging for his life and while the police were calling upon his mur derers to surrender. Why give any summons to a ' wolf — any consideration to A murderer .?. Why not ?hoot hi m at sight ? Outlaw him when once hie guilt is clear, and spare trouble to Judge, jury, and hang man. Stewart the storekeeper was shot, that an unnecessary consideration, a worthless chance, might be given to a brace of murderers. Now for a moment's space let me get to another matter which, having escaped the wisdom of the sages, seems to fall, as m lack of oiherjrestiBg place, into my ror pack. I would set it befcreyon as a grave matter ; would beseech te.it an earnest consideration. It is i the Post Office car—— y nay, not the carvings— they ,\ surely are within the condemned cell and only awsit ' ing^exeeution— but the Post Office boxes. 'Have yon a b«*ttheJ?ait Office?' was asked of a decent man recently, and the answer was, 'Well, no; I don't .knowKtfiaMspectahle.' 'What?' ♦?Idon'tknow if it is respectable, I tell you. I look in the advertise ment coromns of the daBy papers; I see all sorts of shady easterners finiSng as address and -a xefmge in those boxes. Ttexhsawhcdesirea a partner with a .j . ' imati fortune ^the Parnaaatta nMuderers were in that '?! way, were they not ?}, the fortune-ttller who lequirea j dupes, the quack, the incompetent tneater of filthy .j n\ftf?at*il flie sweep promoter, the coupon man, the ;' representative in short of every business that wiE not ? ttaad Ibetestof s dose anddayiight f^miMfifm, X tellt jm I don't like to be with them, and I will not ' be wiia them.' A*m^ how do you, my dear taxpaying brother, loivr ot all things respectable and hater of . all frauds, lie to pay for them, to provide for'tkeir ateuuiiimditkiii, to tee them, quacks and- knaves and indiscriminate nostrum vendors, : / taking xm «eeonunodotion provided at aetae osst '?:? for the faeffitating of Hie proper business of the [? city? Will yo« take a look at it, Mr. PostmsBter '.' General? ... And look ai^thtt now, you lover of an easy laugh. \- It is a tale of stamp oratory— of one whose thoughts were broad smd deep, but whose words were in -some ;.: way inadequate, fie had the floor at a trades and labpur meeting, -end lie did not agree with it certain previous speaker. **I hold his views,' ssMlie, ' to be : utterly— utterly (0 genius, memory, friend of the for. | getful, help me !)— bitterly— Ethiopian.' He meant to \\. say Utopian; bat did he not do better? Ethiopian, V nigger-like, the broad grin, the plain, burlesque— what ;: better description could be afforded of fee views , ordinarily promulgated from the stump ? | , And 'here is some other matter which I heard \\. described as delicious. He was a big man, a wealthy \ man, a man of position, sir, of position and influence, \ and he shook his sides and stroked -his stomach and ? . eaid, 'Ah! ah i Ain't it good, I say? Aia'iitlike ' him? Won't it letch 'em? No other man living : couVihave thought such* thing.' But what ta it? 1 He produced a paper, he displayed a certain colannv aed he pomted out a passage which wa* spoken by G. A. . Sala at the close of a lecture, and was after tbm sort: 'It is not for ?1 me to tell yea whatshouldbe done, bat keep a firm : heart and trast in God, bat keep your powderdrr.' \ « Ain't it wod- Ain't it onginali'Am't it bri^htr «b! ha! I «ay, Wont it fetch 'em?' Its 'fetching' power was prompt. True greatness, friends, is shown in making advantage -out of difficult or adverse circumstances. True atjHjgui, ants tfee poet, ? BringeQi tbe sweetness ! . Oat of die turn. But what would yon say toihectzength or the gains which cvuldbriug. a university degree,au LThTJ., outof ? ipqust bask, a amaUboy and a broken fenee, with, if ft please you, asprafiaed anklein addition $ Such, however, has been done, and was openly confessed in a rie^ Well-known chorch of the c%. The preacher suppose I attained my new dignity by much study and research. It was so, but in peculiar fashion. I had a garden and a loquat tree, and the boys stole my loquats and faded my temper. I remonstrated ; they mocked. I pursued; they ran. I fell; they escaped. if y ankle was sprained, and I went to bed. And then I said to myself, What shall I do to improve the time? and forthwith bethought of my half-finished condition, and resolved to go on to completion ; and as I read and progressed, my anger against the larri kins melted, and now I stand ' capped and doctored and a'.' I do not know if I would not give them all the loquats in the garden if they would but ask and abstain from personalities.' Good doctor! strange story ! and how the letters adapt themselves ! LL.D. — doctor of laws, of larrikins, of loquats, of lameness, of longsuffering. Stop, it is all too long already. And too too long was the brief glimpse I had of a little scene which for horror surpasses all other memories. It was in Darlinghurst gaol, on the night before the hanging of that most miserable Cowl Cowl murderer. It is the custom in Darling hurst to secure the functionaries requisite for an execution on the day before, and to lock them up in a cell. Through the grated window of that cell they might be seen by the dim tight busy. They had a rope — ugh ! Let us to the open ah-. And very much in the open air, in the fine, clear air of Parramatta, indeed, there was an episode upon Tuesday last which partakes of the nature of b sign or portent— is fit to mingle indeed with ' the sheeted ghosts ' who squeaked and gibbered through the streets of Rome before great Cesar fell. Into the lockup of that city walks a man with his throat tied up, excited but dumb. They gave him pen and paper, and he wrote : — *? I am a tailor, residing in Sydney, and I have come to Parramatta because I am tired of life ♦' (forgive him, Parramatta),'' and I tried to let my life out by way of my throat, but with indifferent success, so 1 went into the river, but the waters would not receive me, and' now I come here.' They found that he had been at least half earnest, for his throat bore a three-inch wound, and the trachea was half divided, and they sent him to the hospital, where he will remain till fit to go to gaol. Poor tailor ! And there was a little matter in the court at Parra matta not many days ago which is of more general interest than most matters connected with courts. The calendar was light. ' What is the cause F' asked his Honor. 'The Salvation Army has been here,' suggested the Crown Prosecutor. ** I also have been here, your Honor,' said a well-known counsel, in whose face are more traces of genial dissipation than of stern morality. **I don't see much difference in you/* eaid his Honor. *? No, your Honor, but my presence may have helped the town.' *♦ By absorp tion, I suppose.' To which there was no reply. 