ROUNDABOUT NOTES. (By Curmudgeon.) Tho election being over, I think I may safely bob up anaih and see how things aro going on. I have been a close observer during the struggle, and must candidly admit that I am terribly disaDDointod. Time was when I looked upon this electorate as being about the most intelhgent in New South Wales. Tcmpora midautur ct no, 2damnri» m. ^ I have watched men who I thought woro luaepuiuuii^ i soon men stalkaboiit liko ^ghosts of Botany Bay transports, whispering slanders into the , eais of elector and advising them o go ' hut when tho time camo to vote for A. , men coo, who wear long faces on Sundays and profess to belon' to the elect ; others, too, sneaked about in d-n-k ulaces putting false issues before the eieotors, not one of°thom having the courage to tlTo6e distWc t ,' l'ano t h er ot yews, uuu riidtrict Very fow liiou could |n ' ie, ^dilficllS iJ dedding amongst the three. ^ tv then to havo recourse to ' T lies? Why not choose a 5 I . not apply to any particular side ; .^iYs ' ,1 .. ...so sight of tho merits of their man ' ? x ?' of the opponents. Looi and and bigotry leads them, and if 1 lwd V disfranchise tho whole rotten lioides. A ltKVKItlU. All hail, my flail invincible, Tlio' scoundrels may alms:! you, Yot I will make thorn sensible Of how a board can use you. Tho thrashing timo is coming again — 'Tis glorious exercising ; But wo shall havo, ere wo begin, Somo spaco for moralising. I brought a fine now leathern thong From rhyming Mount Parnassus, To mako my diction stout and strong, To wallop mammon's asses. I And may tho guardians of tho -ky With kind consent, enable Congenial friends liko you and I To clear tho .Egoaii stable. 'Twould mako an angel sick to hoar Political b uubaats ranting 'Bout creed and country, while that rare Gem — honesty — is wantiiU'. They prate of advancement left and right, At civilization aiming, Whilo in their hearts, 'fore heaven's sight, The scoundrels are blaspheming. Aa sure a* pence compose a pound, An undisputed fact 'tis Their preaching has a racehorso bound, Whilo snail-like crawls their practico. There's many a cash grub, 1 presume, The golden harvest reaping, Who would do better with a broom— j Tho public highways sweeping. Yot, sncli is accident or chanco ( In gilding man's condition — Fortune or interest can advance An idiot, to position. For one true soul of genuine worth, ; In tho right place elated, We find a dozen clods of earth Caress'd and elevated. Oh, cursed, omnipotent cash 1 What sorcery is about you, Whon men aro looked upon as trash If they are found without, you I Thou leadest tho illiterate ass To pleasure's social centre ; Thou givest the profligate a pass Wliero merit dare not enter. Tho sharks — grim terrors of the doep — Will not devour each other ; Tho wolf, upon tho mountain stoop, Will spare his savage bi other. Whilo man— tho godliko hoaven-dosignod — Out-brutes the brutal savage In cruelty, and makes kind Tho victim of his ravage. Oh, yo curst plunderers of tho poor ! — Ye hell-players of creation 1— How dare you lift your oyes demure And boast of civilization I ILiw daro you say you're civilized By Christian cducition ? You'ro but politely dovilizod And varnished for damnation ! Tho wretch who for depraved black sin Deserves a hangman's halter, Willi solemn oyes and cold lips thin Prays nearest to tho altar. Perhaps, whilo ho protends to pray And praiso the Lord on Sunday, He's thinking in a zealous way Of those ho'll fleece on Monday. How aro the Ten Commandments kopt In all their grand perfection i It seems they can bo overloap'd ? , In case of an election ; When bloodshed, perjury, evory vico, , Outraging tlio Creator, ,,s '' Aro virtues meant to aggrandizo Some legislative traitor. With honest wrath my muso grows sick And weary of her stricturos ; Then lioro L draw tho curtai' quick O'er these unholy pictures. But when from earth my soul is driven To somo great high or low sphere— If knaves or traitors go to heaven, By Jove, I'll novor go there. ?a. * * # It is timo now to bury the hatchet. A great deal of frothy nonsense |has jbeen spoken on all sides, and the best way now is to forget all about it. Electioneering is like spooning — soft heads not carried away and waken up afterwards just to find that they made dashed idiots of themselves. The world will rovolvo on its axis just as if wo novor had an election ; so let us bo jolly, wlietlior wo win or whothor wo loso. ***** Looking over the list of members already re turned, makes ono wondor how some of them mana»cd to scramblo back to tlio House again. John Davis, Esq., C.M.G., went out oil a Coonan barra hat, and comes in again in flying colours on Standard paint and barbed wires. Luscombo wont iu on protection, and camo out at tho bottom of tho poll. Dibbs and dump cars gave way to Parkes aud poverty, and tlio Lord only knows if things go on as they aro but our future Premier will sign his name with a mark, and £ct the under messenger to write his Colonial Office despatches. Angus Cameron, a very capable member, has beon turned out of West Sydney, whilo tho only ' llabigail ' bobs up serenely again. Tho ' jaynil ' Dan is there still with his ' blarney,' and so is Ninian Melville and his pay ment of mombors. Wliero aro all our capable moil that I hey do not conic forward and try to improve tho tono of tho IIouso. Is it that they I are afraid to contest an election against thread bare agitators and pot-house influence, I b -111 to think that manhood suflrago requires a nuic amendment in this colony. Do we not find elec tions fousht on beor, on religion, and on nation ality ? Who can say that a man who votes for a candidate who spends so much on beer, or who is of such a religion or such a nationality, helps on tho »ood Government of tho country ! Such a 11181° is a stumbling block to our progress, and it wore far better on tho whole that ho had no vote at all. Sooner or lator somo qualification will bo necessary to prevent the loaling sot's vote from nullifying that of tlio cloar-headed man with a stake in the country, Until such qualification is made law, wo will havo a House floated m on beer and bombast, wliero men of oulturo and respectability will be afraid to enter, and whose tiino will bo taken up principally by personalities j and vulgarity. # # # # Tho question of paymont of members is ono that has boon brought prominently before the public in nearly all our electorates lately. As it appears we havo not men of ability and means m sufficient numbers to carry on tlio Government, wo must look to somo other class for our men. It is too true thaL there aro too many vultures in Parliament, men who go in to make a living by preying upon others. Amongst thoar .za.i class in Sydney, and elsewhere, are to bo found men of highest ability and integrity. md who for want ot moans are to keep in the dark. I believe payment of members would put somo good men into the House, besides holding out an inducement for us to educate our children, so as o fit them for any position in life. In Victoria the system ,s found to work well, and no one can say that the \ icto tt Assembly is in any way inferior to ours. Some neoole say that working men as a rule are protectionists, and all inclined to P^ct their ' j...,,, ic or calling, but I fail to soe it. Victo rians arc protectionists from conviction, not because thJy have payment of members, and boforo many years elapse Victoria will bo as ar dent n froo trader as Now South Wales, for at prosont there is a strong fooling in favour of froo trado amongst a very largo section of tho pooplo, which may take a tangible sliapo any day. II wo get good men then to represent us, by all moans let us pay them. * * * * Whilo wo aro tiying to mako a policy for our candidates who go to tho country without any, Victoria is quietly considering tho advisability of poll-taxing old bachelors. Cortainly this is a phase of protection in which .1 would Jm inclined to revel. I was once an old Vnche .ov myself, I and I can woll remember tho sly nudges my old friends used to give each other when passing nie nftor 1 had gone oil'. This is a capital way to be ? nvil-n nil i bp. old bachelors in the colony contribute to tlio support of llandwick Asylum. Bachelors contribute very litllo to the social advancement of the people, whilo in a great number of cases tho married man has lo contribute towards his follies. Again, Mr. llaytor, tho Victorian Government statist proves by figures that tho percentage of marriages is steadily on tho decline, whilo tho percentage of old bachelors and vicious old maids is greatly on the increase. If something is not done to check this wo married moil must turn Mormons and lake on a few dozen bottor 'halves ' each, in order to save tlium from a life of tom-cat. rearing aud years of youngstor pinching. 