ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. - I G.M, — The Marquis of Lorne was disqualified for j suspicious running in a steeplechase at Sand- ! 1 hurst. 2 He yas ridden by G. Held. 1 AJL— Princess of Prussia, the granddam of Rufua? I died at the Hon. L L. smith's stud at Box Hill. I S.S.G., Bate's Ford.— King Winter is by Cotherston I (son of Panic) from Dilke's dam, by Old English I Gentleman from British Queen, by Jersey from I Black Sal. by Wanderer from Fairy. I G.G. — At Fallarat. _ 2. Ben Bolt, who ran in the I Tasmanian Champion race won by Mormon, was I bred in Western Australia. I M.M., Wagga. — Backers of Podigal win. 1 IxqtriRHR- — Plausible, 8st. 101b. ; The Ghost, 8at. 61b. 1 R.A.A.— Bespits is at the stud in Queensland. A. Paul. — Newstead, Monte Christo, Dunlop, and I Uralla. I Huntsman. — Doncaeter ran third in the Sel-ing Race 1 won by student as the Y.R.C. Winter Meeting. I Svbscribhr, Ararat. — If the mare is very bad. give loz. I of spirits of nitre, but for the ordinary cases the 1 safest and best remedy is about a double handlul 1 of common thistles occasionally. A quart of boiled linseed may be given with advantage. If I she is a gross mare, slightly reduce the feed on the 1 diy before, and give about half the usual quantity I of hay in the night, being careful to muzzle her afterwards. In the morning give about two-thirds of the usual quantity of oats and aboat ten mouth- fuls of water. At midday give about two double handfuls of oats and about a pint of water. Keep her walking slowly until required to race. If she is a delicate animal, make as little change in the j j usual diet as possible. After racing, give food and water as usual ; never use physic if you can avoid it, as it is weakening. G, Harris, Smeaton. — No ; Engenie, the dam of Archie, was got in England, but foaled in Victoria. She was put to Tim Whiffle r three seasons, and got Bonaparte, Nancy, and Grisette. Archie was the result of her union with Rapidity. M.E.V.— St. Albert is by St. Albans from a mare by Bay Middleton — Medora, who goes back to Whiz- gig- I Ombga. — Sheet Anchor, Anchorite, and Mozart are I from the sama dam. I Subsbribbr, Carlton. — Acolyte is not engaged in the | I Caulfield Cup. I M.S.— Acolyte has incurred a 71b. penalty for the I Melbourne Cup. 1 F.M., West Melbourne.— Prince Imperial has incurred I penalties of 71b and 51b respectively for the Caul- I field and Melbourne Cups. I W.Z.— Ten Broeck is credited with havirg run two I miles ia Sarin. 27£see at LouUville in 1877. I AQUATICS. I Douhw.— C. Brightwell has the fastest record over I the Thames championship course, viz., 22min 18sec. 1 It was done in a match against Audsley, in April, | 1888. 2. We don't know. I ATHLETICS. 1 B.C. — H. Sellars was born in America, j Sprint. — Dainty had 13yds. and Sogers 10yds. in tire Melfort Sheffield Handicap. 1 BICYCLING. H. F. W xlson. — W. Galleud -r rode 201 miles 1,345 j yards on a bicycle in fourteen hours at Newcastle- I on-Tyne. I R.R.— A Nixon rode a tricycle 100 miles on the | Brighton road (England) in nine hours 22min. (in- I eluding 30min. stoppages). Constant Rbadkr, Lismore.— 1. Yes. 2. It all depends on the state of the road. Nearly seventeen | miles have, however, been covered in an hour. The t Sports Depot will supply you with the information as to the best machine to use. As a general thing, eight miles an hour is average travelling. COl'RSING. -Melfort's weight was abont 511b. when he won the Waterloo Cup. CARDS. I Inquirer, St. Germ&ins.; — It is a matter of arrange - j ment, as there is no rule for a six-hand game. The I general custom, however, is to adopt the score of I the four-hand game, viz., two for euchre, two for a | march, and four for a lone hand. 