RECOLLECTIONS OF AN ANGLO-INDIAN CHAPLAIN. Around tlio English oantonmont, more espe cially on the north sido of it, is the modern "town of Bangalore, oontainihg about sixty -or Seventy thousand inhabitants, who art chiefly Thihulians, the descendants of thoso native camp-tolfowera and adherents who accompanied tho British foroos from Madras and the plains of the Carimtio when they conquered and took possession of the land. Thore ure likewise at Bangalore a goodly number of English and Irish pensioners, who have chosen rather to abide in India than come baok to this country ; and oertainly with Scanty means, they aro bettor off there in a warm and gririial clime than they would bp here, with our long, arid dreary cold and icy winters. Arid when Those' pensioners are sober nnd industrious, they have .abundant opportunities in India to enable them to support themselves and theft families In groat comfort, and even to become what vyo Scotch people call ' bcin folk.' I oould givo many pleasing instances from amongst them of success in life.' I knew tlireo Scotch gentle- men'wlio were highly respected bank agents; and who had gouo to ilndia as artillerymen in tho Honourable Eiist India Company's servide. 'But although it bo thus a pleasant fact that/many of our prnlsionoil' soldiers liavo done. Well and prospered in India, yet it is, melancholy to relate i that a gpoilly'iJortioU of them are sadly wanting 1 in sbhriety and. industry, and consequently their .continued, stay' in ..that, country is not for good, but for evil. So impressive was I with this that, whon asked by a high military official for iriy opinion as to whether the government ougus io give greater onoouragoment to the time-Served soldiers to aettlo permanently in. India, I; at once and decidedly said No; because, when freed from military discipline, their lives top frequently were such that tlioy loworod the prestige of the "English namo, and helped .to injure thesahltary respect which the natives have hitherto had for their white-faced rulora. -.. In a pretty little village near MadraB, called Poonnmalee, as well as in Bangalore, there dwell very manyof those pensioners with their families. I was wont to pay periodical, visits to this place on professional duty j and Certainly 1 found itat first not only Btrango but grotesque to -see young men and maidens and numerous children, . with faces as black as a minister's coat, but yet bearing some good old Scottish name, and speaking the English with an accent as if thoy had beeu born and bred in the wilds of Lochabor. My beadlri, as sable a youth as could bo, was a! M'Corinick! arid proudly claimed to be an Inverness-slure man. I remember, towards! the close rif the Mutiny,, of driving .with niy . wife, on a moon light evoning through a beautiful ' tope' of palm- trees, when suddenly our ears.caught the distant strain of the bagpipes. There was no riiislaking it ; faint though it was,- wo could distinguish it fio&tiug; and . wailing through' the silent night'as M'Clymont's Lament: Gradually the music be'-i came louder, until ;we were able to discriter whence it euihnated. I got out of the darririge before an opening in the trees, and winding my way ; by a narrow; path, I came' at last, to a small bungalow where a 'man ivaa struttirig rip and , down ;tho verandah .playing on a- genuine "pair of Seottiah. bagpipes.: j /His: garments' wofe white, 1.but his /face ,.wa3. ; perfectly ,b|ack...: He was astonished at my . appearance, and so, was I at his ; and my astonishment was not dimiriished when in .answer to. a question as to his name, he replied! tri; mo in 'pleasant Argyllshire accent : ' My ha'nio is Coll M'Gregor, sir ; and my father was a piper in tlio forty-second Highlanders, and I believe he came from a place thoy called Inveraray.'.' Prior M'Gregor 1 from that night I knew; him well. . Black though he w.aB, he was a_most worthy man :; and one . of the last, sad duties I performed ere leaving India waa to visit' him' when dying in. the hospital, arid ,to bury him whendead amongst the sleeping Scotch- men in fc>t. Andrew s churchyard. .' Iri the ' Illustrated. London News! there is a picture entitled 1 Recruits' which gives a very faithful representation of tho composition , of the British: army. : A smart recruiting sergerint is leading, away captive a 1 batch of young men--i the thoughtless,: reckless shopboy, the clownish ruatio,'the discontented artisan, and the dowri-> cast ' young gentleman' who has wasted ' his sub stance in riotous living. The picture rekindles in my memory/ several 'instances of the last- hientioned type. In the following Btories, it will be seen, from obvious reasons, -that where names are mentioned,' these are fictitious. Therei is a clump of trees in the immediate vicinity of Bangalore which is knowri as Hhe Dead-man's Tope.' In it there is a solitary grave, th'at'oF a young Scotchman. For 'many yearB the natives alleged that hie ' ghost' was to be seen walking riiourrifully amongst the trees, for they said he could not rest until' his1 ap pointed yenrs had been fulfilled. He had been a corporal in a Scotch regiment statiriried;.in. Bangalore," beloved by all his comrades; briljiri-' fortunately, hated by the sergeant of his eo'm'-" pariy." ' At iast, goaded by the unjust. treatment-, he ..received from this- sergeant, lie struck him' down.in. a moment of passion. In those days, disoipline was Btern ; the young corporal , was - tried, .and condemned to bo hanged in the presence of the whole garrison. The execution took place ; but so great was the feeling against the sergeant,: that he had to be sent" away 'from the rogiment down to Madras, protected by .a. military escort. Tho general officer who told me this story was a witness of this sad scene, and was tho interpreter to the native soldiers of the reason of the execution. That young corporal belonged to Glasgow, and was. connected with many respectable families in the city. " - Here is a happier tale. John Homo, after many years' aorvioo in the Honourable Com pany's artillery, retired on a pension, and settled at Bangalore, He became .editor of a small local paper, and so for a few years was a pro minent member of tho community. He mar-, ried, and had an onlv son. This hnv was but ari infant when the father died, his -death -being hastened by intemperate living. On Homevs private writing-desk boing opened, his relations found, to theft amazement, a sheet of paper;with: tho handwriting of the deceased telling his real- name — for Home was a fictitious one be had assumed on his enlistment — and whence he carno, and where hie relatives were to bo found. These disclosures were made, so the paper said, for tho only reason that perhaps on eomo future day thoy might benefit his boy ; and were it not for this hope, the secrot would -have gone down with him to tho grave. Strarige to say, not many months elapsed when an advertisement appeared in an Edinburgh paper signed by a legal firm, asking for information about this very man, giving bis real name. Of course the Edinburgh gontleraon wore at oriee communica ted with j and after all the evidences wore sub mitted, and no doubt well scrutinised, the olaim of the widow and child was acknowledged. The boy was brought home, and educated, j.apd I trust still is what lie. was a few years ago! the proprietor of a" ' snug little estate.- Such ,is some of tho romance of tho ' rank and file' /of our. army. , . " While Gordon was . in command of the . fo'rt ati Graveseud, writes a cori-espffiiderit, prcvioug 'to lift, representing England at tlio Conference heiil' a Constantinople in 1871, lie had occasion to lead up his French with a professor riariied M. Ryder, who relates tho following incident of which lie wari a witness : — Towards the end of 1871 on ex-officer of the .Chinese Legion presented himself at tho Fort House, Gravosend, and asked to sec - the1 General.1. On hie card boing given to Gordon, -lie throw It from liim with disgust, and liis anger was BOigrBat that for a few eeoonde he was Bpeecnloss. When he was somewhat calmer, lie expressed his feolinge- in the following words : " Toll .that man to enter if lie wishes mo to blow out his brains." This would seem violent, but when it is known that the .officer in question had deserted his colours arid joined' the1- rebels against whom Qorilori was fighting in Olibitt the righteous indignation bf tho1 General' rian-/be understood. Tlio servant, who know his mostS'iV repeated the message word for word, and Mr B. (tho officer in question) took bis leave as quickly possible. 