GENERAL MISCELLANY. NEW SOUTH WALES. At a meeting of the Patriotic Fund Committee, held in Sydney on the 16th, it was shown that the fund had £34,918 in hand lo its credit. £10,000 of this sum to be expended in erecting a permanent hos- pital for men-of-warsmen and non- com- missioned olficers of the British Navy visiting Sydney. j A new loan of £5,500,000 is to bc placed on the London market. j A deputation of 100 ladies waited on the Governor on thc 9th to ask for commu- tation of death sentence passed on a man named Johns who attempted to murder a fellow-prisoner. Lord Loftus held out no hope. Thomas Bros died the other day from the effect of inj uries received by scaffold- ing of a building falling on him. Thc jury at his inquest returned a verdict of man- slaughter against the foreman of the works and he was t-omniittei for trial. A Chinese storekeeper was killed by a dynamite explosion at Carcoar some timo ago, and now John 1{odgers is awaiting his trial for thc heathen's murder. Sir Henry Parkes' library, pictures, rare autographs, statuary, and works of art are to be disposed of-shortly by Art Union. In Sydney, fifty-five keepers of filthy premises were lately fined. It's a great pity the same thing is not done in Palmer- ston. Numbers of travelling stock are dying on the New England Plains from enteritis caused by eating creeping saltbush. The Gladstone colliery, on the Blue Mountains, between the Katoomba and Wentworth Falls, has been officially opened. It is on a gorge twelve hundred feet beloiv the railway level, and it yields thirty tons coal per hour. Frank Johns is to be hanged, notwith- standing the many petitions in his behalf The hanging was fixed for the 14th. John Wilson was found in his hut near Cootamundra on the 11th instant with his head smashed iu, presumedly by an axe. His mite, Thomas Boland, lias been ar- rested and charged with the murder of Wilson. George Hughes, a visitor at Eskbank, had his head severed from his body by a mail train on the 11th. Ho died. The New South Wales Executive Council havo decided that Johns, thc convict, shall die. They refuse to give more weight to thc petitions than to thc medical evidence, which says Johns is not now. iusaue, and was uot insane when lie attempted to kill Iiis fellow prisoner. There is a proverb which states that " Annuitants live long." An instance thereof (says the S. AI. HERALD) is furnished by thc case of a lady whose death was recorded in this journal on the 25th instant, Mrs. Susannah Milcham, widow of Assistant-Surgeon Milcham who departed this life at the " Oaks," Camden, on the 2Uth of J une last, having at t ained her ninetieth year. The deceased lady has been in receipt of an annuity from the Government of the colony of £100 since 1824, or sixty years and upward, a circum- stance certainly without a precedent in the colony. Johns was executed on the 14th. A large crowd outside thc gaol hooted and cheered. Prisoner was writing most of the preceding night. In his last speech he said he was not himself when he committed thc crime for which he was being hanged. His last words were "my poor mother." On the night of the 13th a mass meeting was held on behalf of Johns, and a depu- tation afterwards waited on the Governor, who, however, declined to agree to their proposals. A crowd, headed by a brass band, paraded the streets, thc band play- ing the " Dead March in Saul," and the mob hooting the papers which supported the death sentence, and cheering those that opposed it. The procession marched past Darlinghurst gaol cheering the con- demned man as a martyr. Tho prisoner's mother made an impassioned appeal to thc mob to save her boy. The Geographical Society received a telegram from Cooktown, from the Hon. John Douglas, of Thursday Island, promising to afford the New Guinea exploring party every assistance. Instructions have been giving to the leader not to cross the Gulf of Papua or run any risk in attempting Aird's River, but rather to enter New Guinea by Baxter or somo other river west- ward, where the coast is protected, although it increases the difficulty of reaching the high lands which the expedition aims at exploring. Further particulars of the new rush at Mount Ellery, near the Snowy ^River, show that although the reports as to the number of people on the ground were exaggerated, a great many people are leaving for the diggings. The field has been named the Blacklock. The gold obtained is coarse and shotty, and the sinking is shallow, varying from three to six feet. Horse feed is scarce, and the roads to the diggings bad. A number of men from the Sydney side are putting in an appearance. A seizure has been made of 2G00 cigars and fifty pounds of tobacco on board the steamer Dc Bay, being contraband goods concealed in the Chinese quarters of the vessel. A cablegram has been received by the Government stating that two members of the Contingent have been discovered in England. How they arrived there is not explained, but it is supposed in consequence of them being ill perhaps to au unconscious degree, they were inadvertently placed on the wrong transport ship. The Sunny Corner Silver Mining Company have declared a dividend of 5s. per share equal to ül6,000, and placed .£5000 to the reserve fund. VICTORIA. At ti sale of greyhounds in Melbourne Leoline was sold for 275 guineas, aud the bitch Captivity for 75 guineas. The sixpenny telegram experiment has, so far, proved successful. The number of messages increased 23 per cent, during tho quarter, while the deficiency in the revenue was only 7¿- per cent. The total quantity of potatoes exported from Warrnambool this season, up to the end of ,last month is 57,000 ; of this quantity 11,800 tons were shipped to Sydney. The quotation at present £2 per ton. A calf has been born at Newmarket resembling a bull dog, except iii the skin, which is roan colour, and the feet which are cloven. Melbourne Hunt Club opened the new deer park al the foot of Mount Derrimut recently. The area of the Park is 400 acres. Application is to be made to the Govern- ment and City Council for permission to remove thc Burke and Wills monument from Collins-street East, as it is in tho way of the proposed tram line. Thc proposed New Guinea Exploring and Prospecting Company has practically collapsed. Kerr}', on whose statements that he had found a nugget near tho Fly Uiver, the company had been floated, has been proved to be identical with Lord, who, in February last, brought an alleged New Guinea nugget from Launceston, by a jeweller named Rvans, who paid £27 for the "nugget, which is of unique appearance, and was found oa the north-west coast. An excited meeting was held on the 14th. instant at Melbourne, when it was ad- mitted that the swindle had been exposed. The rabbits have been so reduced around Barton Swamp, in the Wimmera district that the farmers are sowing more ground this year than last, and expect to reap a double crop. A mau named Joseph Lees was fouud dead on a footpath in Glen- j orchy recently. It seems that on tho ! night previous M his death he went to a neighbour's house, aud on leav- ing was given ¡1 piece of bread and meat, which he commenced to eat on his way home. A piece of meat weighing two ounces, was found in his throat, and this caused his death. The Melbourne HERALD states that a house haunted by the ghost of a good-looking youug lady exists in West Melbourne. In tlie Victorian Divorce Court the petition nf Fdmuud Alfred Stratford against his wife was dismissed. The parties had made a boy and girl marriage, which petitioner says he does not recollect, as ho was druuk at the time. Afterwards the co- respondent lived with auother mau. The court held that petitioner had deserted his wife and delayed pro- ceedings too long. Two youths named Walker com- mitted a daring highway robbery near Belfast the other day. They stuck up a hawker and took from him a largo quantity of watches and jewellery. James Barry, a grocer in busiuess in Fitzroy, hus been fined JL20, with five guineas costs, for selling a com - pound of beef and mutton fat and dripping churned in skim milk as pure butter. The chemical analysis showed that there was not more than one per cent of pure milk butter in the composition. The Standing Orders Committee decided to allow the talcing of Par- liamentary notes only in the Press gallery. QUEENSLAND. Blacks arc troublesome along tho Her- berton road. A rich deposit of tin oro ha3 been found four miles from Cairns. The Normanton Jockey Club subscribed £153 for a third day's racing among locai ; horses. A block of land, having 99 feet frontage to Queen-street, Brisbaue, and on which several business premises are erected, was recently sold for £43,000 Tho annual report of thc Chief Inspector of Stock shows that on January 1st the colony possessed 9>i94.0d0 sheep, or a decrease for tho year of 1,7 /7,000. Tho decrease was heariest in thc Mitchell district, being over 1,400,000. Some stations lost 80 per cent. Bowen exported 65,9621bs. of wool during the past half year. The total quantity of tin exported from Port Douglas, during thc month of June, amounted to 119 tons 19 cwt, valued at £5931. A passable track has been opened up between Herberton and the Etheridge, and the estimated distance between the two places is about 170 miles. The sugar mill on Waitemata plantation, Mary river, the property of Mr. Rockemer, has been destroyed by tire. The insurance was £800. The Mackay planters are advertising for boys in Rockhampton, for plantation work. Ten have already been engaged eight at 12s. Gd. and two at 15s. per week, for a period of six months. They are required to cart cane from thc fields to the mills. The planters are now advertising for 200 more boys, for tho same work at 15s. per week. It is reported that gold has Loon found in payable quantities thirty miles from Townsville, in stone resembling that at Mt. Morgan. The Government has accepted a tender for the first section of the telegraph line up to Cape York. Fresh tenders are to be invited for the second section. A large meeting of selectors was held at Mackay for the purpose of expressing an opinion- with reference to the establishment of the central mill system. A resolution was camed strongly in favour of the proposed scheme, and it was resolved to ask the Government to grant loans and to assist in thc establishment of central sugar mills in the district, as being the only true solution of the labor difficulty. Mr. Mosman's Enstward-Ho claim Charters Towers, finished crushing -250 tons of stone on July 6th for a yield of 1423 ozs.'Tdwts. 3grs. of smelted gold. Sergeant Farquharson, oí Burketown, has linen fined £1 for malicious damage to property. During the past few weeks over 20,000 cases of ' kerosene, recently arrived at Brisbane from America, have been condemned by the Customs authorities, failing to reach standard test. ENGLISH AND FOREIGN. A Bill has been passed by the- Nevada Assembly ( U.S. A.) imposing a fino of four pounds upon any man who treat? another in a drinking saloon. The project for an International Exhibition at Bombay has fallen through. The German settlement at Bentley Bay, New Guinea, is ordered to be abandoned. The coming wheat crop of the United States is estimated to reach 363,000,000 bushels. A battery of heavy guns and 1-5,000 rifles have been sent to tho Afghan garrison at Herat. The Pisheen valley railway, in north- west India, is to be extended as far as the Khojuk Pass. The Grand Prix de Paris, the greatest race on the French turf, which was won by Paradox, tho English Two Thousand Guinea wium-r, is valued at 100,000 francs, Auil tic distance is a milo and seven furlongs. In t!i;> United States at the present time tiler.- are two millions of persons out of work a ul tho number daily increasing, it :s suggested as a remedy to enforce th¿ reJueùon of the working days to eight hours. 