The Hospital Committee Yesterday. Tins committee quickly disposed of the ghost atorica said still to linger about the institution, and which, of course, arc told with ever increasing additions by old hands to new comers. Nearly as much despatch was shown over the ' Duel case ; ana it mignt De allowed to puss for what it is worth, save for two things, viz. — the tone of the remarks made concerning it, and the remarks themselves. Some persons have the misfortune to be poor, and to this is sometimes added the further misfortune of being afflicted. If they happen to die, the climax isreached. Itis then considered by not a few individuals that they may be spoken of as if they were a kind of inferior animal. There ?was more than a little of this in the remarks made at the committee yester day. It docs not look well in anybody, and it looks especially bad in a hos pital committee, which is supposed to embody and express public sympathy for the afflicted poor. The young man Duel certainly needed a few kind words under the circumstances, and it would have reflected credit upon the com mittee had those words been spoken. He did not complain of what was said to him at the Sunday committee meet ing ; and this reminds us that what was said to him then differed more than a little from what was said yesterday. On the - first occasion it was admitted that a mistake had been made ; that meeting was private. Yesterday it was attempted to be shown that there had been no mistake; that meeting was not private. Fortunately re reports of both are now before the public, who will judge that there was a wrong done by some one, and that the committee did not make the best of it. The dispute over the duties of the secretary was amusing. 'We do' not know what those duties are supposed to bo, but if they are to embrace the task of taking in the milk, they must be various. Could not the hospital keep its own cows, and ask the secretary to milk them ?? Plainly it is the duty of some one to receive supplies-,, and if necessary to weigh, and measure them in; but is that the proper worfc of a secretary ? That he- should be asked to keep a constant eye upon, the state of the stores is not asking too much, but it would seem to he incongruous with the rest of a secretary's duties to keep tally of loaves of bread, and shins of beef. Hie ought to be an 'all round handy man, but the line should be drawn somewhere^ and probably the community will respect the secretary for saying that he- drawB it at taking in theimilk. Possibly Mr. Bourne would not mind on which side of the line his duties are placed, but if no line is drawn his duties will assuredly be a good deal mixed, and the institution . may suffer for it. 