Meat Food for Nervous People. Pork is good for nervous persons, but is not easily digested. Wild gamo is excellent. Fish is good for norvous people. Eggs boiled just onough to harden the white are easily digested. It is a mistake about people eating too muoh. The majority do not eat enough. Nervous dyspepsia comes lrom working too hard and not eating enough. When a man begins to suffer from overwork he should oat plenty of good bread and butter, drink two quarts of milk a day, and eat plenty of good meat. When snch a person resorts to a vegetable diet he grows weaker and loses his nerve power. At a meeting of the Anthropologioal Insti tute, Mr. James G. Fraser read a papor on 'Certain Burial Customs, as illustrativo of the Primitivo Theory of the Soul.' Tho Romans had a custom that when a man who had been reported to have died abroad jro turned home alive, he Bhould enter his house, not by the door, but over tho roof. This oustom (whioh ia still observed in Persia) owed its origin to oertain primitive beliefs and customs with regard to the dead. The ghost of an unburied man was supposed to haunt and molest tho living, especially his relatives. Henco the importance attaohsd to tho burial of the dead, and various precautions were taken that the ghost should not . return. When the body of a dead man could not be found, he was buried in effigy, and this fictitious burial waB hold to be suflioient to lay the wandering ghost, for it is a prinoiple of primitive thought that what is dono to the efligy ot a man is dono to the man himself. The Sireotor read a paper by Admiral F. S. Tremlott, on the ' Sculptured Dolmens of tbe Morbihan' (North-weet Franoe.) About 80 sculptures had been found, invariably on the interior surfaoeg of the oap-stoncs and their supports. It is remarkable that they are con fined within a distanoo ot about 12 miles, and aro all situated near, the sea-coast, beyond whioh, although the megaliths aro numerous, thero is a complete absence of soulptures. The soulptures vary in intrioaoy, from simple wave-lines and cop- markings, to some that havo beon comparod to the tattooing of tho New Healanders.— Unoicledge, 