tVesleyan Church. Tiie Eov. Goorgo Martin (chairman of tho Goulburn district) pranohed at Gullon and CrookwoU to largo and appreciative congregations on Sunday last in tbo in terests of tho Church Extension and Sus- tontntion Society. On Monday ovoning a public mooting wns hold prosidod over hv Mr. 0. Schioodor. Thoro was a fair attendance. Tho society's report was 1'nnrl flirt Dntf ID T) "kr.ikr,'.,!,,. .% ,1 was favourably rocoivod. Tho Bov. It. Mowbray delivovcd a soort address in which I10 pointed out tho claims of tlio society upon tho support of tho pooplo, urging upon thom to givo what thoy conlil towards GoiI'b euuso. Ho also pointed out tho advantages of united olfort in church work. Tlio Bov. Mr. Martin spoko of tho pleasure it afforded him to visit Crookwoll. Ho hnd paid it a visit twenty- five years ago, whon ono public-liouso constituted tho township. Ho wns glad now to obsoi-vo such evidences of sub stantial prosperity. Ho had boon shown ovor Mr. Worrnll's mill that day, and wus struck with tho comploxity of tho mnohi- nory and tho many procossos through which tho whoat hud to puss boforo it hoenmo Hour. Ho romurkoil' that tho sta∋ was necossary .to rondor all this costly miicliinory olfcctivo. So with tho chnrch, it waH a machino ministering tho living broad to men's souls ; it, liowovor, wns useless without tho fire of tho Holy Ghost. Liko tho machinory ho spoko of, tho construction of tho church required a groat deal of thought. It was not por- foct — no church was. Tho socioty I10 ad vocated hold un important position in tlio church. It bolongod specially to Now South IVulos, and wns an objoot of ad miration among tho miuistai-s iu tho othor colonios. Thoro was not much of romnnco or poetry about it, but it was novortholoss oxtromoly useful. No church could ho Successful ahrond which wns not strong at homo ;tho Moravinn church was an illustration of this. Tho socioty hail boon in oxistonco twonty-fivo yonrs, anil tho church owed its present prosperous condition to tho timely and substantial iioip givon by this socioty. Its sources of income woro collections, subscriptions, and Govornmont grants, but tho latter sourco would boforo many years ho stoppod. Tho purposos of tho socioty wore to assist in tho payment of minis- tors' stiponds whoro tho pooplo were nn- nblo to support thoir minister entirely. Thon ono-fourth of tho amount raised for tho ovootibn of parsonages wns guaran teed up to a cortain sum. Church build ing schomos woro also greatly assisted by its funds. Tho rov. gontloman gavo somo_ interesting items of porsonaloxpori- onco iu pionooring work twonty-fivo yonrs ago at Lambing Flnt, &c.; The address wns listened to with groat attention throughout. Tlio collections on Sunday and nt tho mooting, including smno sub scriptions, amounted to £9 2/3. Tho mooting was oponcdand closed with sing ing and prayor. The Bulgarian umlSorvinu governments havo both invoked tho aid of tho Groat Bowers, in ordor to offoct a settleinont of tho dispute botwoon tho two countries. Tho Great Powors havo thorofoio ap pointed a commission for tho demarcation of a noutral zono botwoon tlio two aruiios, and to nn-ango for tho conclusion of nn armistice for a period of 0110 month. Not withstanding tlio ubovo pvorturofi. tho Sorvion Govornmont liavo officially re ported to tho Groat Powors that a body of Bulgarian troops attacked tho Sorviuu outposts on Docomhor 12th, and sovcro fighting ensued, tho Sorvians succeeding in dislodging tho Bulgarian troops from tho town of Volikizvor, tho Bulgarians losing many in killed and wounded. Advicos rocoivod from tho Soudan stato that constant fighting is taking place in tho neighbourhood of Knosliav, and sovu- ral casualties are reported daily. 