VOLUNTEER CHURCH PARADE. As usual the Volunteers 'assembled) yesterday, it being the Sunday preceding the official'recognition of the anniversary of the birthday' of her Majesty Queen Victoria, for their annual church parade. The Launceston Volunteer Artillery Corpd, Rifle Regiment, and Cadet Corps mas tered in good force at the drilhryard at 10 a.m., there being 6tI members of the Artillery, including Captain Collins and Lieutenant and Adjutant Harrap, and 135 members of the Rifle Regiment, including the band of the Rifle Regiment, the oflicers being Major Aikenhead, Captaina. Rooin and Martin, Lieutenants Gould, Telloch, Young, and Fawns, and Lieutenant and Adjutant :Fairthorno. There were also 44 members of the Cadet Corps on parade, who ' were under Staff-Sergeant Beasley, thus making a total of 245 of all ranks on parade. Colonel Warner, Commandant of the northern division, was in charge of the parade, Staff-Captain Hunt and Major Harrap being also present. The weather was beautifully fine, though rather damp under foot, and the parade was. witnessed by a' very large concourse of people. Before the Volunteers left the drill-yard to proceed to the' church, St. John-street was;lined with lookers-on, whilst upon leaving the church there must have been over a thou sand persons congregated together to watch the movements of the' Volunteers. The men first assembled on their private parade grounds, and a few preliminary movements r were :: gone, ithrough,- after which' they' were formed, up. in column by. the left,, the. Artillery Corps leading. Headed by the bandof, the Rifle Regiment playing Mozart's Twelfth Mass, they proceeoded up St. John- street to St. John's Church. The Volunteers belonging to the Roman Catholic Church wheeled into Elizabotlh-street. under Lieutenahat Fawns, and headed by the band proceeded to the Church of the Apostles, the main division marching into St..John's ,Church. The Volunteers occupied the centreiof the church (kindly placed at their disposal bIy the Churchwardens), the Cadets occupying part of the chancel, while the remainder bf the church was densely crowded, mady persons, being unable to obtain admis sion. - sTh e Rev. V. H. Sarigny conducted the service in , a very impresive nmanndr, taking for' his text Acts', x. chap., At verse, "There was a certain man in Ctesarea called Cornelius, a centurion bf tihe band called the Italian Band."' The rev. gentleman explained 'at length the Pentecost or feast of weeks, of which yes torday was the celebration. The day so pregnant with the future of Christianity was dealt wsith'at length, also the conver sion of St. Paul and Cornelius, and the bearings which these important events haid on the future of Christianity. Mr. ,Sayigny specially addressing the Volunteets,tthen said:-- ' ' That Jewislh exclusiveness should he brought to an end by the new dispensation inaugurated and completed hy.Josus Christ, and carried on by the glorious operations of the Holy Spirit, had all along been determined by the counselof God. Ho might have made his plsasureknown in a thousand different ways, and to 'a thousahd different Gentiles, but, as s matter of fact, He elected that the first Gentile convert-the first speciman of the catholicity of Christ's religion- should be a bldier-Cornolius, a centurion of ithe Italian cohort which formed part of the Roman' army of occupatiun theh in Syria. bleoat true is It Itlat Christianaly, which should bring peace to the hearts of individuuls--which should reconcile nationalities by nature hostleo to each other-has for its fir.t Gentile reproe sentativo a RIoman soldier. Peace we crave, peace we pray for, but we may be quite certain of this : That we shall never have asesured neace till God's name is hallowed upon earth, and His will carried 'out by His. intelligent human creatures as it is by. the hosts 'of Heaven. We, citizen soldiers, are not living in such a millennlal era as this. Thd cabinrets of monarchs, the words of statesmen, preparations by sea and land throuihout the wide dominions of our Sovereign Lady the Queen, and amidst the myriads who own the Czar, as master are redolent of war. Jehovah may be, nayis aGod of pesee, but His divine counsels are sometimes carried out by the agency of man on the battle field. And so there are times when patriotism bida us with the Hebrew warriors of old to look to Him and pray to lim he tilhe Lordof Hosts, the Lord mighty in battle, the Lord who alone can give wisdom to our coun sellors, might to our soldiers, and security .to our nati\oland. If our Empire was cornteom plating a war of rezfnge, or a war for gloiy, or a war of aggrandisement, then nothing would be heard in our churches but words of pncitence and regret; but your very name, citizen sol. diers, excludes all idea of your fighting for no unrighteous cause. I have known in the course of my life many soldliers, and I can say with perfect truthfulness that I have never .met in any other walk of life men more uen selfish, more liberal in the cause of Christianity, men more thoroughly devoted body and soul to their Master, Christ, than in the English army. Gordon probably stands alone as here and saint, but warriors of the stamp of Havelock, Edwardes, and Hendley Vicars, are samples of many of tile soldiers of our Queen. It would ill-become me on a day like this to be uttering ipsegystics to your very faces, bat I c.manot hl011, thnkingianitl sying that the man wto becomes a Volunteer from convictio mtay find iul' his' new calling incentives to holineis, sod illdstra tlons throw.inga light upon that high Ohristian warfare in which we all profess to be engaged. Strict ohedienos is the daity nad the safeguard of the Clhriltian. The soldier learns th..t the salvation and success of armies depend upon the santo principle. The highest form of self denial was exhlibited ly our Lord when Ue poured forth His life blood on the creos for the good of the race. The soldier who serves in any campaign jeopardises hir life every day, not for himself, not slmply for wife and child and parent, butin defence olfthat throne to which eo many millilonsa owe allegiano. TIhl apestl tells us U11 tlhat like athletes in tile Stadiumt we eust keei our bodies in sutjeetiot if aw would win tie Chlistlan crown of glory. The Volun. toor 1.arns ith same thing in following his calling. The unsteady hand in the use of the rille,theo craving to fall out in the ftrced march, are too often tihe results of dissipation, and of the lack of that training which the Apostle Paul so forcibly commended. That man must indeed ha very stupid, or very wicked, whlose Christianity is not imlproved'rol by the calling of the Volunteer. This, citizen soldiers; lI to ua a remarkable day: it is'\Vhit Sunday, naudit is alas the birthday of our Gracious SoverrigoLady Queen Victorioa. Site is humano, al therefore h has r faults; hatb from girllhood to old, age sihe has proved to her lomllng subjects ar. example of tlrutih tlid . tlity, atld l.. ghel;eastas. Your very lrcsenca tero tos'loy ittdieates r 'yaur readittess to do bhttlo'for our Ehnlatre which she has ruled so well. L-t us all whean slhoutlag tod save thl Quee. pry at the lsame time that llenttecostal blessing may bh hs'; thattrae same Holy Spirit whol has been Iher guide is lifoe may be hers to the very end. ' " Durmrn the service the Natiomtal Ailthem s ras sung by the choir,i also " Onawrd Christian Soldiersa" ,which s?as, heartily jdiridd in with by the Volunteers; Mr. W' W. Thornthrtaite presiding at the organ. At Bigh .Mass dt, the Church of the Apostles, th' biuiiding was Iitemllypackedi the hRev.i Father Gleoson: ofliciating., A special compartment in-the left aisle ofthe. church was set aside for tho Volunteers and biand, who played the hymn "The Creation" (especially arranged by hand master Bryan), when proceeding to the t church. The lrev. Father Gleeson during I his sermon dwelt'liprn "'Trinity, and the h day being the festival of the Holy Ghost,' o iii n atle l'and elbquent mnriner.t. Tire choir rendered the music of the i mass in an effeitide idaainers Miss Ellis sa presiding at the organ. 9 At the conclusion of the service at St' t John's, the Volunteers were marched out! i rind formed into' line opposite the churchl G from whence, headed by the Band playing I the march " Bringing in th'o'sheaves,"they te marched back to the drill yard, each corps a] 'bein'g dismissed oh'its privato "pitode a' ground at 1i30 p.m. * . A word of rraise is did 't the battalion se for the manner in which it marched, and te the soldierly appearance the men preo J sented, and also to the Band of the Rifle a' Regimerit for the exdcelleit rendition of as the three marches. 0 