DoveUdt DAN LYONS^OOM. CHAPTER I. EE8IGNATI0N. By WAIF WANDER. " Ast) this is the plaee ?" the tall, refined looking young man asked; as he seated himself on a stone apon the hill-side and surthe country at his feet. " This is ranga you have talked to me so much t, Tady r ?" 'Tis, miBtber Leonard; we are in it at laBt, praises be. There farenint you is big Mount Eoban, with the little township lyicg at the pit of it, just the same as it was twelve veurs ago. And now look below you to your 'ft; do you see the low house wid the. trees J8t a-top of it, and Eoban Creek creeping •Vg by it like a thread of silver in the grass? <11, that's St. Herrick's place." ' Ah, I see it, Tady; and your golden a, where did it lie ?" . - Where it lies yet, please God. Do you . the big dead itree sticking white like a eton, out .of the slope behind the house ? ; .^laims were not twenty yards from that." c^7el]l, now Tady, just tell me the story of . /t. Herrick's-on the spot while I smoke a It has always seemed to me a very ; areal-etory; perhaps I may fad more like uniting it if I hear it here on the spot from \- - can see the scene itBelf." ' You wor ever an' always a hard nut, sther Leonard, and wouldn't believe the priest himself if he wint against you; but uare you are now, afther travellin' thousands av miles to make a* liar of me an' you can't 00 it." Leonard Prosser laughed pleasantly as he manipulated his tobacco, and looked slyly at the'comical figure seated near him on the grass. " I don't know so much about that, Tady. What witnesses have you at Marranga?" "I was justLwondeririV 1 Tady returned: thoughtfully. If he's here yet, there's a gentleman lives in one of them white houses beyant the bridge that can tell you . the story as well as I can/an' bedad, he may tell it, for 1 won't never again. I'm tired of being mid balieved and misdoubted." " If I thought you were in earnest, I'd go straight back to Corbally again," the young man replied,laughingly, as he.put a match to his pipe and begtui to smoke enjoyably," but I know that you cannot wish for a greater proof of my confidence in you than that I should have followed you half round. the world to see Marranga and the lost claim." " That's true, ear, but all the same I'd libs Mr. Pollard to tell you about it, if he's to the fore, but twelve years iB a long time. " Who was Mr. Pollard ?" " He was a magistrate, an' a great friend fntirely of Colonel St. Herrick's. But here, Til say no more till we go down to the township. Sfee, there's the coach just turnin' round the Gap road—she'll get in an hour before us." The young gentleman did not reply. He was thoughtfully scanning the landscape be neath and around him with the doubly intense enjoyment of a lover of nature debarred from a yiew of her charms for the many weekd occupied by a long sea voyage, and thinking not a : little about the events connected with the St. Herricks, of whom he had so often heard from hiB humble friend, Thadeus Connor. As they are seated there, silently,'let-me describe the two dissimilar beings who play no uneventful part in this story. LeonardProsser was twenty-three, and a icture of handsome and muscular health, Ea his bronzed face, every feature indicated an intelligent and loveable nature, liis dark hazel eyes especially having the clear, frank expression of a thoughtful yet frank and fearless nature. He was attired in serviceable, well-cut tweed, and had a soft brown felt hat on his short brown curls. Thadeus Connor waB thirty-five, if a day, and was about as ordinary a specimen of humanity as "-you could imagine. He was short of stature, thin- limbed and big-jointed. HisarmBwere too long for the size of his little form, and his eyes, set deep in their v sookets under pent-houses of red hair, were fiery--and small like a ferrets. His round shoulders and. odd,figure were exaggerated by a tightly-fittingcoat and trousers of a bright blue, decorated arpply with brass.buttons, and a brilliant peacock's feather was stuck in the front of his stiff, low-crowned blaok hat. A very'glittering Albert denoted the presence of a watch in hiB pobket, and a great gold zing adorned one of his stumpy little fingers. Theexpression t>f every line of his form and 6 very twinkle of his little eyes was of cunning and self-conceit, but those who knew the littlefrishman vrelljcouldhave told how true and iaithfnl wasthe heart few gave him credit for possessing. 1 " There's a path close to us on the rights wonder where it goes to? " said Leonard, raaking the silence at last. <r : The place- where the Coloiiel was buried was up there on the side of "the hill," replied the Irishman, as he turned his face over his shoulderto scan the track alluded to; " but by the piper that played before Moses, wherever it goes to that's an angel oomin' down it?" , As was only natural, young Prosser turned also to see what had drawn the exclamation {com his humble friend, and he too saw coming along the green fair hillside, a form that might at least have been one in a dream o iwaven so ewSt and unearthly it was in the faireBt loveliness. It w&a; a young girl of I eleven or twelve years, followed by a coal- ] black Newfoundland dog. So strange altogether was the appearance of this child that Leonard Prosser hesitated ere he decided she was truly an inhabitant of this lower world. About eleven years old, as I have said, the girl was small for her age, and by far too delicately slender. She was attired in a pale blue dress, over which fell down to her very waist a cloud of the most lovely fair hair that ever grew on a child's head. It was not golden fair, but of that far rarer hue that resembles the side of a young fawn with the gloss of satin on every hair. The pale face, overshadowed by the drooping brim of a broad Tuscan hat, was so delicately outlined in every feature that no waxen one was ever more perfectly modelled, ner yet had a brighter rose on its cheeks, and in every line of the face and form there was expressed a calmness and peace that was surely not of this world. As the girl neared the men *she looked at them steadily, and without a trace of fear in the soft blue eyes over which the fair lashes fell like a veil; but the great dog moved steadily to her Bide and examined the friends cautiously as she paused before them and spoke. " You are strangers ? " she asked gently. "Yes, quite strangers," Leonard replied, with a smile that at once assured the child she was addressing one who was to be trusted. " We have only come to Marranga within the hour; and you ? " " I! oh I am no stranger. I waft born at Marranga." There was a pause, in which Tady's small eyes seemed to settle themselves, on the child's face with a great wonder in them. Are you the gentleman who has taken St, Herrick's?" she asked hesitatingly, as she gazed at Leonard, while she hem. more closely to her breast a cluster of golden blossoms she was carrying, " I think not*; we have aB yet made no arrangements for residing at Marranga," " I beg your pardon," the child said gently; St. Herrick's was mama's home once, and we heard some gentleman had rented it. I did so hope it would be some one nice." The last sentence was repeated thoughtfully,'as her eyes wandered down to the low house among the trees that Tady had pointed out as St. Herrick'e. " Stay Miss," the Irishman said eagerly,"as the girl was turning to go on her way. "Are you a St. Herrick?" " Yes, I amBesignation St. Herrick—the late Colonel St. Herrick was my father." I thought so," Tady cried, " you have the poor Colonel's eyes as like as two peas." "Mama Bays so; did you know him ? did you know my deaT fattier?" and tbe rosy flush spread from the soft cheeks all over the fair face. "Yes, Miss, I knew him %ell.. I was here at Marranga I suppose before you were born." " Yes, it must have been. Papa was dead before I waslwrn, that is the reason mama called me Besignation. Did you love my papa? " Everyone respected and liked him 1" Tady said quickly. No, not everyone; there was a bad man— you forget—the man who killed him." " Yes, the curse o' God on him, I forgot Dan Lyons 1" Tady cried angrily. " Hush, do not speak wrong words. God knows best himself. May I shake hands with you because you know m/dead papa? "God bless the child I"the honest Irishmail said, as he clasped the little slender hand that was tendered him. " You will shake hands with me, too, as a new friend? My name-is Leonard Prosser/ the young gentleman said, putting out his hand also," and will you introduce me to your dog? Dogs and I are always great friends." My dog iB called Guardian, sir, for he takes care of me, and is a very faithfol dog. Are you going to stay here sir? " " Yes, dear, we think of remaining for some time near Marranga, I am glad, I shall see you again. Goodbye now," and the child made a grave bow to Leonard and Tady, and then glided down the path toward St. Herrick's, Isn't that quare now?" the Irishman asked as they stood and watched the light form passing through the underwood that skirted the eminence on which they had been seated," that we should meet Colonel Herrick's daughter the very first on landing in the place?"- It is a strange coincidence, truly. .This child was not bom then, when you left Marranga, Tady?" "No, but one was expected if the mother lived. God help her, it was a hard trial she had to bear. What do you say to getting down to the -township now, Mr. Leonard? The coach is nearly in, and we'd better be seein' afther our thraps. : CHAPTER n. THE DESEBTED CLAIMS. A few hours later found Leonard Prosser and his companion, the little Irishman, seated in Mir. Pollard's office at Marranga, and Tady jubilant over the fact of that gentleman being still a resident of that neighborhood. He had introduced his young master, and given the J.P. a sketch of his doingB during his absence from. Australia, and now he was greedily inquiring as to the events of the last twelve years in quiet Marranga. " And so you tell me that a pick has never been struck in them claims since, Mr. Pol- lard? " Not since our poor friend's exhumation, Tady. None of the claims had paid well, you know, and they were abandoned after that awful murder. Even you went, Tady." " I wint, yes," the irishman said aggressively ; " but 'twasn't on account of the bad prospect, for we had the best in No. 2, bat on account of the place gettin'a bad name—you know that yourself, sir." "Yes, a Btory of the claim being haunted got abroad, and every shaft was deserted; but as I said before, there was not much tempta tion—no lead was ever found: "I don't know that," obstinately asserted Tady, " I had a fool of a mate, or I believe we were on the right track. An' thin' I got the master's letter cailin' me home to look afther Mr. Leonard here." "He means my father," explained the young gentleman. "You must know that Tady and I are foster brothers, and his jaunt out to the diggings was an escapade of which his friends 'did not approve." Well, I'm back againin ~ spite - of 'em," —, said , Tady; and now, Mr. Pollard, tell Mr. Leonard the story—no one knows it better nor your- j self/' It.was> sad'story,"(the pleasant-looking, middle-aged gentleman went on, as he pushed the wine toward his new Mend, young Leonard;" and a great shock to me personally was. the death of. my friend, ..Colonel St. Herrick. It is about fifteenyears ago now, I think, since he first settled here with a wife, as beautiful as an angel, and a son who died shortly after their arrival at Mar, ranga " The colonel had some independent means, and built tbe house known yet as St. Herrick's on the ground he purchased; bnt when some years after, the gold fever found its way to Marranga,-he was one of the firstwho sunk a shaft and found, as he considered, sufficients indications of the precious metal t induce farther efforts. f "For some time, however, he oould not I encceedininduoiog anyone to join him,thefew residents being occupied in farming, or buaine£s of one kind or other, and the place having not yet become known sufficiently to encourage regular diggers. At last, however, the Colonel came to me one day in great spirits with the news that he had employed a man who Kad accidentally called in travelling toward the Murray. " It was some time, however, before St. Herrick told me that he had been previously and unfavorably acquainted with Dan Lyons, and when the facts came out and were made public there were many who wondered that my friend would have ventured on.such a step as permitting the man to work as his partner, as -well as ..become tin inmate of his home, r- 7 ~ The facts appeared to be that in Ireland, through the evidence of St. Herrick, Dan Lyons hadbeen sentenced to ten years penal servitude for shooting with intent at a land bailiff, whom he was -obnoxious to, and that the evidence was never forgiven, the murder of poor St. Herrick was a proof." It was Dan Lwms, then, who committed the foul dead ? " Leonard questioned. " Undoubtedly, though the wretch has escaped and baffled justice. It was Lyons himself that gave the alarm that No. 1 claim had fallen in. You remember that, Tady ? " " Av coorse, I mind it well. There was a regular hullabulleo when he kem to No. 2 screechin' that the claim was fell in an' that the Colonel was below. There was only four shafts an' half of 'em deserted, and round about No. 1 was so druv wid drives that we knew 'twas unsafe to stand anear where the great gap of ground fell in. The way 'twas done at last was by putting a drive in from No. 4, an' it took us three days to do it," " Aye,'' responded Mr. Pollard, " three terrible days for the poor widow who would hope to the last, though we all knew that the Colonel muBt have perished for want of air shortly after the ground fell in. Lyons pre tended to be one of the most active workers, bat he was^in reality retarding the search, and he disappeared from the moment that St. Herrick's corpse was seen with a note- book in one- stiffened hand and a pencil in the other." The poor fellow had left evidence against his murderer ?" Yes. In the few scrawled words written in darkness and in the oppression of death, he told how Lyons had cut away the props and told him of the revenge he had planned— told him of it ere he escaped himself, and while the soil was Blowly settling down be tween. him and his victim. There was no more but a blessing on his wife and his unborn babe, We saw the little girl to-day," Leonard said, and he related what had passed between Besignation and them. " She iB a lovely girl," he added," but looks very delicate." She has grown up with the very shadow of the grave on her," Mr. Pollard returned. " The very name given her was the last that should have been chosen, for her mother, has never been and never will be resigned. She nourishes a morbid idea that somehow and some day she will see her husband's murderer brought to justice here on the spot where he died, and the dead father is almost the sole subject of conversation between her and her little girl." " Where do they live now? " Tady asked. "In a little liouse I had built for them after, the Colonel's death. On his affairs being settled it was found that-there was but a few hundreds left after the house and land was paid off. St. Herricks being put in the market, I bought it myself, and offered. to take Mrs. St. Herrick as a tenant, but she de clared it would be impossible to remain where she had been so happy, and where everything would remind her of her dead husband, so I built the cottage where they now live; it is on the slope above the old place, Tady; you will remember it?" "Yes, sir, well." " The property has been a loss to me," the good man continued, " for a story of its being haunted stood in the way of its being occupied. Now, however, I have just secured a tenant whose profession ought to prevent any suoerstitious terrors from affecting him." " What is he ?" "By his dresB, I should say a member of some religious order, and his mother calls him " Father James." " He has a family, then ?" "A mother and sister, and one serving man, as faras I could see. And now about yourselves." You really mean to attack the old ground again, Tady ?" " Wi' the help o' God. I'm as sure as I sit here that there's lumps of gold in that gaily, Mr. Pollard." Well I hope there may be, for your sake, and Mr. Leonard's too. Where are you going to put up?" "Atthe hotel, for the present, Mr. Pollard," replied Leonard. " I must have a look at these wonderful claims before I decide on entering on the life of a digger, for I must confess that I don't at all share Tady's certainty of a golden claim." "More shame for you to say it," cried Tady, angrily, as he got up from his seat; but if you're comin', we have no time to lose, Mr. Leonard/ " We had proposed a visit to the claims, young Prosser explained. " It is not a long walk, I believe." " About half a mile only. Stay, Mr. Prosser; if you have no objection, I will walk with you. It is years since I saw the place, which has, as you may suppose, sad recollections for me." It was a lovely .spring afternoon; and as the trio crossed Boban Creek and mounted the slope beyond, it was an almost - simultaneous impulse that slackened their steps to admire the scene around thiem. The gliding waters of the creek, glistening among its fringes of sweet-scented flowering wattle; the stately Mount Boban, heaving up his huge sides, laden>with their wealth of forest, flushed in the warm, bright sunbeams ; the sweep of fair pasture, dotted for miles with content sheep and cattle, until lost in the low line of blue hills in the distance—all formed as sweet a landscape as Leonard Prosser had ever gazed upon. It is lovely," he said, " and so different from what I fancied. My idea of Tady's diggings was of something wild and rough, and not of a loveliness such as this." " In ten minutea you will see something more like what you expected, Mr. Prosser," observed the J.P. " The gully is even wilder now than when you left it, Tady. The curse of shed blood seems to be on its very grass. Turning to the right they passed the - - over- . j grown garden that surrounded the dwelling known as " St. Hemcks,' and then entered a gully wild enough to fulfil all Leonard's dreams. It seemed to he a cleft in the hills down which the dry track of a winter torrent, and sp the doping sides of which straggling trees: grew, and wild foliage flourishedrankly. Here and. there were broad level spots that had been awept in winters gone by from the green hill sides, and towardbne of these level places the steps of Mr. Pollard turned. A spot that looked weird enough to justify all that Mr. Pollard had said of it, where the grass vainly straggled to hide the sunken levdl and the thrown up heaps that denoted the , place where they had dug to recover the body of a foully-murdered man. Huge trees without one sign of leafy verdure on them stretched their bare, bleak, crooked limbs over it as if o in warning and guard, and among the scarred hard soil, where no grass would grow, a few treacherous holes with lichens waving long I tendrils down their cavernous depths, denote where the deserted shafts of the long ago 1 miners had been. Is this at all like what yoti expected, Mr. Leonard?" the gentleman asked, as he paused : on the edge of the sanken level. " It is worse," almost whispered the young man, while Tady gazed around him with horror. " I scarcely wonder that men would be unwilling to work here, even for gold. What do you say, Tady? " > I don't know what to say, sir; there's an awful change here sure enough, and they say that a curse will always lie where a man has been killed. What happened the trees, Mr. Pollard? They were fine box treeB twelve years ago." "There was a bush fire thatjhelped the desolation, I -believe, Tady. Can you point out your old claim ? " " For sure, sir. The Colonel's No. 1 was here where the ground's low, and oar's was that one beyant there, where the green thing is swinging about." They advanced to {the edge of Tady's old shaft and looked down into the darkness. Leonard lifted a stone and threw it down, and as it splashed into hidden water the Irishman shuddered as if a cold wind had struck him. " I think your gold-digging at Marranga will never be resumed, Tady," young Prosser said. "There is water down there, and a flooded claim iB no joke to tackle. At all events, I resign on the spot all interest in No. 2, it would seem to me like digging in a grave." " The place of graves has not always been respected in the search for gold in our new | land," observed Mr. Pollard, " but let us go; I own I shall be glad to get away from this melancholy spot. 1 "What was I sent here for at all?" mur- mered the Irishman discontentedly. " Day an' night I was dreamin' of it for eleven year; warains of all sorts, I had to come back again to the ould place; what was it for if 'twas not for the goold ? " Maybe'twas to meet the priest, Tady, Leonard said smilingly. " Is this your new tenant approaching, Mr. Pollard ? I should judge so from hiB dress." " Yes, it is he," replied Mr. Pollard, as he paused to speak to the clergyman who was approaching. ' * Father James was a man so strange in form and movement as to draw the eyes of both Leonard and his foster-brother closely upon him; he was tall and gaunt in make, and his long, priest-like black coat hung so loosely around him as to suggest a^ decrease in bulk since it had been made fpr him; Indeed, the face, showing palely under the broad brim of the clerical hat that was drooped over it, was that of an invalid—the white, hollow, closeshaved cheeks, the great, sunken dark eves, with the blue circles roand them, suggesting a far from perfect state of health. On meeting him Tady, with the usaal respect o his countrymen for cheir clergy, made him a le&peotful; reverence, that was acknowledged by a curt nod as the stranger stopped to speak to his landlord. A strange looking man and a sickly one, I should say," observed .Leonard^when they had separated by some steps. " He belongs to some foreign order I think—eh, Tady ? " " Aye, sir, the dress is different- from our clergy ? but what eyes he has—they seemed co look right through me, an' I declare it seems to me as if I'd seem 'em before somewhere." Maybe you did, Tady. There were two or three continental priests at Corbally collecting for some charity last summer." " I was none of them, Mr. Leonard, for I never lost a mass while they were there, an' I seen 'em all." " I don't think you ever loBt a mass if you could help it, Tady. What will you do here ? I understand there is no chapel here/" " No!" replied Tady viciously;" it's mostly Protestants that are at Marranga — the hathens; I beg your pardon, Mr. Leonard, I was forgettin' you wor one, but you must own that if there were,as many Catholics about, the place wouldn't be without a church or chapel. Well, I'm glad, anyhow, that there is a priest. If he's in orders 'twill be a great comfort to me." They were now rejoined by Mr. Pollard, whose pleasant countenance had a broad smile on it as they moyed on, Tady falling, as he always did, a little in the rear. " You have heard something pleasant from our clerical friend ? " said Leonard. I don't kno^ that it was exactly the agreeable nature of what Father James told me that tickled me, but it was the idea of Paddy's sensations when he hears it. What do you think the priest told me, Tady ? " " He wouldn't tell you anything bad, any, how," the Irishman replied stoutly. " Of course not, but something very unexpected. What do yoa think he is going to do, Mr.Prosser?" " I can't guess/ " He is going to open up the old ground we have just been inspecting, fie is going over to see it now. He says that be has a man with him who knows the ground, and who has a great opinion of the prospects in No. 1 before it was abandoned, and he's going to take possession of that claim. What do you think of that, Teddy ?" Kl tell you what I think 1" cried Connor, triumphantly. "I think that priest or no priest he won't get No. 2 claim, for I'll go back and peg it oat this minnit 1 By Jove, we can set all the ghosts in the country at defiance now when there's a clergyman in the ground, an' we'll take plinty ov gold back to ould Corbally yet afther all, Mr. Leonard !" CHAPTER III. LEAVING his companions suddenly, Tady Connor started back toward the gully they had just left, but long before he reached it he saw the tall, blaok figureof the priest standnear the scattered spot which had been the grave of Colonel St. Herrick, and it seemed to the Irishman that in .spite of the presence of that old man, the gloom of the spot was deeper, and the gaunt branches of the dead trees even more threatening of aspect than they had been a short hour previous; but he cast the fancy from him with an execration on his own folly. " I was ever an' always a fool with the superstition, an' I must have suoked it wid me mother's milk, for she was just as bad 1 What'ud make the place blacker because the father is there ? " and he trod toward him with a step that made the dry sticks crack, and the dead grass rustle. The clergyman heard the sounds and turned . slowly to meet, as he doubtless expected, the gentleman he had so lately parted from, but j a quick frown ^shaded jfce white face as^ fie drew the broad hat lower over it at sight of Tady Connor. " Mr. Pollard tould me that ye wor goin 5 to; take up one of the old clauds, your reverence,, and I came back to tell ye- that No. 2 is mine. You see I workedit longago, and it belongs si right to me, plaze your reverence." " I am not in orders," was the reply, in a deep, hollow voice as it the words were spoken through clenched teeth, " and claim no rightas a clergyman. _ What is that you are saying about these claims ? " " Mr. Pollard ses you're goin' to work 'em, sir, an'I am makin' it known to you that No. 2 was my claim long ago." "When?" asked the man we know as , Father James. " Nearly twelve years ago, your reverence, before that murtnerin' villain Dan Lyons d I killed the Colonel in this claim—may th can e of God rest on mm now aua ^ ever, ame jl" Fa her James started back almost as if the impulsive Irishman had struck or thre> tened him, and Tady's repentance was quickly evinced. " I beg your reverence's pardon, humbly," he said; " but when I think of the scoundrel I forgets myself. Yoa have heF rd about Colonel St. Herrick's bein' dag out dead here, sir?" _ ... "Yes, I have heard the story. And yoa worked here?" "Yes; sir, in No. 2—that shaft there; and I'll work in it again, please God, now that your reverence is going to have a hand in it." " I tell you, man, I am not in orders, and I don't want any of your reverenoes," Father James repeated angrily, as he turned his thin white face away from Tady. " Sorra one o' me cares whether you are in orders or not, your reverence," reiterated Tady. " At all events, you wor once, an' I knows my daty in respect to the clergy. Besides"—and the speaker dropped his voice and looked around him timorously—" it gives me courage to stand here anear a man that has stood before the altar." "What do you mean? What are you afraid of, you tool? Do you think that a dead man has power to hann you ?" . "No, your reverence; but you know well that the place frhete a soul has been parted from the body by foul murder is accursed. Look round you, sir; the trees have withered here, and the grass won't grow. There isn't a bird ever sings in them dead branches, or a drop of rain ever falls to wet that hard clay; T •but I b'lieve in ?« my heart that if.the murderer was to come and put his foot on that ground it would open and swallow him up." Involuntarily Father James drew -his foot back from the spot where it had rested on the sunken level, and an angry red burned in his hollow cheeks. " You are a fool, IJtoId you that before," he said, " as if Nature's laws would permit of miracles; but I wish it was true. I wish that the ground would open at the touch of Dan Lyons' foot, for 'twould save me a good deal of labor digging out all this soil." " Does your reverence know where he is ?" added Tady, in open-mouthed wonder. " Know 1 not I, of - course not; but one fool makes many, and we are told to answer a fool according to his folly." "'Yes sir," Tady replied humbly, though he didn't at all understand what Fatter James meant. " But will you please to tell me sir if it's true that your going to open up No. 1 again?" " I am," was the short reply; " I have machinery coming up in a day, or two, and a man that knows the ground- to work it. Which shaft do you claim ? " "That one sir," and Tady pointed to the shaft .down which the long sprays of a creeping plant were loyelily swaying, " and I'll peg it out now for safety sake." "Have you a miners' right?" Father James asked with a scowl. " Yes, sir, and so has Mr. Leonard; we came a purpose to dig at Marranga." Who is Mr. Leonard? " My master, your reverence; you saw him with Mr. Pollard a bit ago," and honest Tady launched into a volley of praiseB all devoted to Mr. Leonard. Very few were the words'that the priest said, but before he parted from the voluble Irishman he knew all about his long ago experienoes at Marranga, - and - his - - festerbrother's wealth and position, while of himself or family Tady oonld not carry to the township one iota of intelligence. A holy man," was Tady's opinion, self, expressed, as he walked to rejoin his joung master, "and I think he-has some vow on him, he is so quiet and still. Aye 1 Father James had a vow on him, bu it was one that Tady Connor would no more have dreamed of than he would of robbing a sacrbty 1 Let us follow the olergymah and see what was his opinion of the garrulous Irishman. At the weather-stained gate that opened to the overgrown gardens of St. Herrick's, he paused for a-little to look down npon the township that was plainly visible from where he stood, but had any one been there to watch that pallid countenance they must have recognised thefaot that his thoughts were ho$ on the white houses by the roadside, or the painted bridge over the creek, near which the V.B. on the board at the white police station was plainly visible. In the deep set eyes a lurid fire buTned. The long fingers with which he clutched the top bar of the gate seemed to hold it with a grip of iron, rigid as the set teeth and compressed lips of the man. 1 A step came down the garden walk, but he did not hear it, for he started when a hand was laid on his arm. ^ Has anything gone wrong, brother?" was the question that he heard, and saw re peated in the dark face and the keen eyes bent so near his own. "No—yes," was the contradictory reply. I have been down at the old place." "At the claims?" a " Yes." • " And it has upset you. I thought you were of different stuff, brother." " It was not altogether that, but 1 met a man there whose presence may be of evil in r fluence for us. Do yoa remember a little Irishman named Tady Connor working in the Gully twelve years ago? " " Aye, do I; he was in No 2." " Well, he has come back all the'way from Ireland to try that claim again, and I am afraid of him." "Why ? Do yoa remember him ? Does he know you ? " " Brother, you have forgotten that Dan Lyons is dead; how should I, whd have never seen Marranga before, know thiB man, or he me?" I stand corrected," the man who called Father James " brother " said; " yet there are sometimes fanciedresemblances." interrupted the priest, " and I think this Connor saw something in my face that reminded him of the past. - I hope it is not so, but the idea troubled me." The brother looked long and steadily into Father James' face, and then he said with decision- " There is not the most distant family resemblance ; there is not A line, or a feature, or an expression likeDan Lyons.' "That-is well. Cornelius, what sort of man was this Connor in those days? Dan Lyons, I think, knew very little, about him." "Connorwas a fool; an ignorant, prejudiced, conceited fool, who would believe anything you lulu told him; uu„ but was very religion* in hifi 0nrge ^ ^ ^gj^ pe 0p ie—they J ^ more mi M hief than a hoBt of devilB! How did he treat you ? " With the greatest "lespeqt—with exaggerated reverence, in fact." " As a clergyman, of course "Yes.? .'' i" OK, then it id allri_ghtv^n that^ebara&er; you can twist Tady Connor round^ your finger;" . ~ . " I saw another old acquaintance of Dan's.' "Who?" John Pollard." " Ah! did he see any family likeness " No, I am sure he did not. J told him of our intention to re-open the claim." " That's right; and you told him also that you had one of the old men who understood the ground ?" " I did." "Then everything ifl going on right; and e now I think you had better go in to the mother; she's been awfully restless since yoa went oat, Father James ^looked toward the west, where in a gorgeous robe of red and purple and gold the sun was saying farewell to Marranga, and a strong shudder .shook him from head to foot. Will you never get over it, brother ? Cornelias asked, with an almost womanly tenderness; "and you so strong-minded in every other way. You are ready to face the retribution we are working for at any day and any hour, yet yoa shadder at a phantom of your own fanoy." It is no fancy, Cornelius; I am ready for the living, bat not for the dead. Fanoy 1 Is that fancy? Aw these fancy ?" and he held out his emaciated, trembling wrists. 1 No, but yoa are killing yours&f; by trying to fortify yourself for the imaginary horrors of the night; the spirits you drink would kill the strongest man alive." V "It does not kill me, I should die without it. He ^ tamed „ UIU(/U toward the house, half — hidden - by the trees, as he was speaking, and walked toward it, a tall unbending form that seemed shadowy enough to belong to some other world, yet had hidden beneath the black robe all the horrors that the crimes of earth could concentrate into one deed The house known as St. Herrick'^was a low-roofed building of small accommodation, and its dark stone walls were so covered with ivy, that only here and there where the gleam of small windows made themselves known, could the material o?„ which it was built be identified. It had more than the gloomy look, too, of a house untenanted for long years, especially at Bunset, when the tall cypress-like trees cast their long shadows across the threshold. Standing on the threshold as the brothers approached it, was an indolent- looking young girl of low stature and a heavy build. Every feature in her face was heavy, from the snub none and the Blow,, dark eyes, to the thick fringe of black hair cut straight across her low flatforehead. She had a sulky'look, too; as she stood there watching her brothers'Approach listlessly, and her ungainly figure'was so bedizened with soiled finery,in the shape of lace and ribbonsthat the befringed and be flounced blaok dress" looked shabbier than even it was under the contrast. " It isn't bad enough to to be in a gaol like this, but we must be starved waiting for our supper," She said, sullenly, as Father James passed- her, and went infcide, but Cornelius only laughed in her face ks he chucked her .fat,"heavily moulded chin.' " A pretty girl like you, 3?Tora, wont be : in gaol, as you call it, long. You'll be having no end of sweethearts about you; when the Marranga boys begin to findyou out. r " "I don't think there's any boys about," ishe said, with a pout of her thick lips. "That's where you're wro&g;, Nora; there was one asking about you-to-day." Now you're up to some of your larks, Carney/' she said, doubtingly bat her eyes ' sparkled, and her brother saw it. » Faith Pm not. Oh, honor br^ht, mra, he saw you . through - the trees, and he's hound 1 to ^feyonr acquaintance/' . •... " Who is he ? ''the girl asked uagerly. ] " His name Tady Connor. ^ " Tady Connor," she repeated thoughtfully J and little guessed Cornelius^Brady, as I called himself, what a bomb of destraotion h]B had thrown under his own roof when be mentioned the name of Tady Connorto his sister Nora. In the kitchen of St. Herricks, which, it would seem, was used as a common Toom by the Brady family, a smoHng supper was spread upon the table,' at which a woman of some sixty, years was standing , when Father James entered. She was a tall, thin woman, t with strong hands and wiry arms'—the hands and arms of a woman who had worked rorK^a hard nara all her life, ancl was dressed in the homely fashion of an Irish farmer's wife. Her grey hair was drawn up from her low forehead under a white muslin dap, her dreBS was pinned up over a blue woollen petticoat, and a checked apron was spread over all the front of her skirts, A small shawl covered her shoulders, and was crossed on her breast, and if a perBon had cursorily glanced at Mrs. Brady, they mast have set her down as an active, bustling woman; and a notable housewife. (To he continued.) 