HACINO NOTES. BY PEGASUS. The commencement of the week saw a larger accession to the number of horses working at. Eagle Farm, and there is now ever; proba- bility of a very successful meeting. Large fields arc likely to come to the post for most of? tho principal events, and I am afraid that the'' ploughed track will again be a great drawback,, and prevent a large number of horses from, racing together on lovel terms. If the weathor happens to bo wet and the going, heavy the horses that draw outside stations« wiil be certain to have a lot tho worst ofàfc. Several small improvements wiU be noticed,, and the most useful is the boarding placed' adjacent to the winning post, which will con- siderably assist the judge in coming to a.deci- sion concerning a closely contested race. Apropos of betting, I happened last Saturday to hear with my own ears something too gool to be buried in oblivion. One of the genus masher was talking to a companion in Queen-, street about the Melbourne Cup. Laying;, down the law in a most impressivo manner, he said, " I shall back Prometheus-Ai» mother leon Hie Australian Cup ten yea.rs*ago." His, companion burst out laughing, and licit very, much inclined to follow suit. It is indeed i surprising to hear such idiotic reasons given i by any reasonable being for backing a horse,, and as this one instance can by no means bea, solitary one it ceases to be remarkable that, betting flourishes and bookmakers grow rich, OB the proceeds. Ia " Morning Gallops" will bs found detailedl accounts of the work of tho- various horses.. Medusa, who was much fansied for the Cup,, did.not arrive with the rest of Mr. Finnie's. I horses, and I hear that she bas met with amis-. i hap, so that she will bo probably an absentee; from this meeting. My Love is, I understand, not scratched for the Cup, so she will represent Mr. Finnie in both events. Glencoe is, I hear, a certain starter for the Sandgate Handicap, in spite of future threatened disqualification, and he is very well and must be pretty certain to run into a place. Mr. Brayford's team, con- sisting of Re-echo. Adam, and Rifjpman,, , arrived on Monda?. They all look well, and £ was glad to see ¿bat Mat Condon has so far recovered from Toa dangerous acsideat at. Beenleigh as to Ijeable to return to his duties., I »m informed t,hsi Burford has broken down» and has been scratched for all engagements. Ormond, wb ,o has been indulged with a good; spell, will orico more try his lock at Eagle Farm. He has grown and thickened tremen- dously, and has given ocular demonstration, that be has lost none of his pace. At 8st. he is very favoijurably weighted in the Brisbane Handicap^ considering his performances and that he -aras certainly the fastest colt of his year ovfjr » mile. Havelock (late Prism) at 7st. 121'j, is also well in in this race, and X hear great a ¿counts of Yabba, a three-year-old son off old Melbourne. At the time of writing it is hard to say what will or will not start for the vari aus races, and somo of the most important strings are not yet down, so I shall defer any fu rther anticipations till the last moment in fie Courier. Mr. Finnie tells me that he has purchased at the recent sale of tie Terrara yearlings three woll-brcd youngsters, a colt and two fillies. Tho colt is a chratnut, full brother to Boon, foaled on 12th October, by Robinson Oruose Maid Marian, by the Marquis-Sylvia (dam of GoWsbrough, Martini-Henry, and Robm Hood), by Fisherman-Juliet, by Touchstone. Thero is rare good breeding here, and the colt should be very valuable for stud purposes after his racing career is over. The descriptions of the others aro as follows :-A brown tilly by Piscator from Radiance, by Fireworks from Sunshine (winner of V.R.C. Oaks) ; also a bay filly by Guinea- Laputa, by Angler from La Mousse (imp.), by Flying Dutchman-Amazon, by Voltigeur. The breeding of both these fillies should cause them to be valuable ad.-» ditions to the Drayton stud. ThoV.B.G. Derby was won hy Nordcuieldt after avery severe tussle withFirstCheiUri TP9 ground must have been very heavy going, as t-Sio time was slow,-2mim 48Jsec.- . With regard to the threatened scratching of this horse "Asmodeus" in tho Li oder wrote as follows a d»y or two before the race:-"Tho numerous reports that have been in circulation during tho past fortnight to the effect that Nordenfeldt would ultimately be scratched for tho V.R. 0. Derby may now be cast to the wind as value leas, for the colt will be a certain starter for the great classic event, should nothiug happen him Detweon-now and Saturday. No secret was made by the stable that they had not sup- ported Nordenfeldt to win a farthing, the whole of their investments being on Uralla, ? both straight out and for the double, Derby and Cup. Tho stable also made the discovery that all the Nordenfeldt money, single and double, had been secured by a certain section of backers, and not by the general publio; and, for obvious reasons, the colt remained unbacked by them until Wednesday, when a gentleman, who has supported him very heavily for the Derby event as well as for the double, generously offered to lot tho stable connections have a large proportion of his wagers at a satisfactory price. Thus the diffi- culty has been get over in a manner satisfactory alike to the pubho as well as to those immediately connected with Nordenfeldt." The Maribyrong Plate fell also to the Hon. Jas. White by means of Acme, by Chester out of Princess Maud (imp.), by Adventurer, and she seems to have shaken off her nearest op- ponents Maddina and Blairgowrie without much trouble. She is a wonderfully well-bred ono, and should emulate, if not surpass, the doings of Uralla. Below is her full pedi- gree : Austrey S'Newminster [Cap-ù pie Paraguay TroB Alice Groy |Tho Baron Pocahontas Harkaway Zoila Touchstone tieoswing Emilius [Francesca ¡The Baron Pocahontas Melbourne Lady Sarah The Colonel ISultmraare Sir nereidos Parudigm Priam Ally Emigrant Gulnare Glencoe Marpessa Kconomist Nobooklish M. ¡Emilius Apollonta Orville Emily Partisau Orvlllo mare ftlencoo ;MfirposBa Humphrey Clinker Cervantes M. Velocipede Lady Mooro Carow By telegram from South Australia I leam that a serious dispute has arisen i dative to the wagers about Newstead for the Derby, and several backers havo declined to pay on tho ground that tho hoiso was prevented from winning through a conspiracy. The case is Btill sub judice before Adelaide Tattersalls The Australasian says :-" It is gratifying to know that the jockeys injured in the Caulfield Cup are progressing satisfactorily. Wyman was well enough to leave tho Alfred Hospital and visit the Moonee Valley meeting, and M'Grado has been taken out for a drive. Cracknell and M'Grath are still conlincd to their beds, but both aro getting on nicely." The two English Autumn Handicaps have oaco more fallen to tho same horse, and that horse a foreigner. Tho American horse Fox hall was the last to pull off the doublo event, and now the French mare Plaisanterie has re- peated the feat. Plaisanterie is by Wclling tonia out of Poetess. Wellingtonia was bred in England, but leased to go to France in 1878. Ho is by Chattanooga from Aurancaria, by Ambrose (by Touchstone) from Pocahontas, by Stockwell. Prom Bell's Life I soo that Mr. Peck's wonderful two-year-old The Bard con- tinued his victorious career by securing tho Tattersall Salo Stakes at Doncaster. This was his sixteenth successive win in Mr. Peck's colours, Archer having ridden him fourteen times, whilo Wood had the mount on the other two occasions This last race was worth £725, and this brings the total amount he has won to £9181 2s. The full details of the Doncaster St. Leger aro to be found in our recent files, and the fol- lowing description in Bell's Lija will give my readers a fair idea of the race :-" There waa no waste of time in getting them into Lord Marcus Beresfords hands, and but for the slowness of Wastdale to get to his horses they might have been off at the first attempt. Once moro in line, the flag dropped to a fairly even start, Wastdale, however, being left at the post. Donbridge made the running, but the pace was very moderate for quite a mile of the iourney, as Tom Cannon's plater was ablo to :ecp his placo to tho rifle butts, where ho collapsed, and Lonely and Farewell were left in front, the latter goiug on with the running. She was dono with at the bend, and Lonely was holding a commanding positio at the "distance, though closely watched by Archer, ?who-shot out the favourite the moment 'he liked, and was enabled to ,tako Lord Cadogan's filly's ground, Isobar at the same time coming through, but without a ghost of a chance with Melton, who was pulling double, and ran home the winner hard held hy six lengths. Lonely finished a bad third, and so ended the great St. Leger of 1885, and Melton Îlaced himself in that splendid list of dual >erby and St. Leger winners which was headed hy Champion in 1800, and repeated since that day by Surplice in 1848, the Flying Dutchman in 1849, "Voltigeur in 1850, West Australian in 1853, Blair Athol in 1864, Gladiateur in 1865, Lord Lyon in 186(5, Silvio in 1877, and Iroquois in 1881, it being somewhat remarkable that Archer has ridden three of these dual winners. Archer has now ridden five St. Leger winners. The famous Heath House trainer, Matthew Dawson, has led hack five St. Leger winners also, and ho was warmly congratulated by a host of friends on the Bticcess of Melton. In appearance Melton would rank very high in the list of winners that used to be sketched .every year by the elder Herring for BM's Life, as, besides being a very beautiful colt, he is so truly made. He is a bright hay, with black points, standing just under 15 hands 3in., but his symmetry makes him look smaller, being a sort of pocket Hercules ia his strong hack, loins, and quarters, and his wonderful depth in front. For his size he is probably the deepest horse through the body in England, and he is well ribbed up for power. The value of Melton's St. Leger waa £4825. The time occupied by the son of Master Kildare was 3min. 15 3-5aec. Last year the Lambkin took 3min. 13 3-5sec. in compassing the distance ; Ossian's time in 18S3 was 3miu. 19sec., and Dutch Oven's in 18S2 3min. 16sec. The following are some other records :-1881, Iroquois, 3inin. 20 3-5sec; 18S0, Robert the Devil, 3min, 32sec; 1879, Rayon d'Or, 3min. 2Isec; 1878, Jannette, 3min. 20Jsec; 1877, Silvio, 3min. 27sec. The Champagne Stakes, one of the most im- portant two-year-old events in the old country, ?was won by Mr, Vyner's Minting, by Lord Lyon out of Mint Sauce. This colt, who is one ef the first of Lord Lyon's stock to make a name fer himself, is now quite at the top of the tree among English two-year-oids, as we have since been informed by telegram that he won the' Middle Park Plate and is now first favourite for next year's Derby. A full account of the race for the Mel- bourne Cup has already beon published. Tho win of Sheet Anchor was certainly unexpected in Brisbane-Trenton, Nordenf eldt, and Liverpool being the most fancied. He had, however, received substantial support at 100 to 7, though the rush on the favourites had caused him to be generally overlooked by backers. His performances hitherto have hardly been sufficient to warrant expectation of his winning such an important event, and he has been racing during four seasons with only moderate success. As a three-year-old ho ran without success, his best performance being a second to Stockdale in the Carrick Plate (Tasmania). As a four-year-old, he was also unsuccessful, though he ran into second place on four occasions. At tire years old he won four races, one of which was the Laun- ceston Cap, 1J mile, carrying7st.41b., King of the Vale being second, and Blink Bonny third. As a six-year-old he had, up to Tuesday, run without success, his best performance being second in the Australian Cup to Ringwood. At the last Winter V.R.O. Meeting he started a great favourite for the Grand National Hurdle Race, being ridden by Corrigan, hut he met-with a mishap during tho race, Omadhaun falling in front, of him, and he finished nowhere. Sheet Anchor is a very well bred horse, being by St' Albans, the sire of Malua and other winners, out of Queen Mary, who was hy Oastle Hill from Black Bess, hy Peter Wilkins. The time of the race (3.204) U the best ever made for two miles in the Aus- tralian colonies ; Malua, last year, carrying 9at. 91b., taking 3.31a; and Martini-Henry, tho year previous, with 7st 51b., taking 3 304, which, up to Tuesday, was the Australian best on record. The following is the full pedigreo of the winner : Blink Bonny Cotherstone Polydora The Baron Pocahontas Voltigeur Bab at the Bowster Peter Wilkins Merry Moid Glencoe Marpessa Melbourne Queen Mary Humphrey Clinker Cervantes mare Gladiator Plenipotentiary mare Touchstone Emma Priam Monto Voltaire Martha Lynn Quoon Mary Flying -Dutohman Boarding school Miss Jersoy (imp.) Diana Whisker Gibsido Fairy Blaoklook Phantom mare Mulatto Leda Touchstono Extravaganza Gladiator Plenipotentiary maro Bay Middleton Barbollo Plenipotentiary Marpessa Potor Fin Curiosity I am in receipt of the programme of the Toowoomba Turf Club Christmas Races which will be held on tho 2Gth December. There are no less than eight events on the card, the principal of which are a Maiden Plato of 20 sovs., a Town Plato of 40 sov».. Corinthian Raco of 20 sovs. for maiden horses, and Christmas Handicap of GO sovs. Nomination for tbo handicaps must be mado on 1st December, weighta will be declared on 10th December, and acceptances will be due on 17th December. Altogether it is a very taking programme for a Christmas meeting, and I trust it will provide good sport and bo well patronised by the public. I am also in receipt of tho full programme of Sydney Tattersall'» Annual Raco Meeting, which will be hold on lat and 2nd January. Tho two principal events- namely, Tattersalls Club Cup of 501) sovs. and the Carrington Stakes of 1000 sovs.-have been beforo referred to in these columns, but the rest of the pro- gramme is on a eimilurly attractive scale. There is a Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, tho former of 150 sovs. and the latter of 200 sovs., ono on each day. Thcicarc no less than three Selling Races on the programme, ono of 200 sovs., another of 100 BOYS , and ono for two year-olds of 150 .»ovs. The Tattersall^ Two year old Stakes has 300 sovs. added, and a Bracelet Race and some short handicaps, all with substantial pi ire money, make up tho list. The day of general entry is 3rd Decem- ber. 