The Master at Ballajoie. (Continued from June " Punch."} A SWEET DBEAM. * Well, well," said I, as I settled myself and ten derly rubbed my burnt part, " if I always could dream like that, it would be as good as living two lives, and if the wide-awake one only ends as well as the dreaming one, my end would be more peaceful than one end is now, and chance it." Then I gasped a time or two, yawned, and soon I was on my travels once more. This time, Pat and I were seated round a splendid camp fire; a luxurious carpet-snake was sizzling on the coals. An old nigger and his lovely gin and two scrumptious picaninnies sat around. We had accepted an invitation from the hospitable old savage, and had partaken pretty freely of the meal set before us. It puzzled us greatly to guess what it was; but we were hungry, and, being sharp set, not inclined to be critical; so we eat the strange food and pronounced it real good, when, all of a sud* den, the old warrior laid down his bone and com menced to howl most dismal. The old gin hauled out her last bite, and joined in with, a shriek of woe that went to my very heart; and completely turned over the last juicy morsel I had swallowed. The scrumptious picaninnies yelled in such frantic tones, that the carpet- snake wriggled clean out of the fire with anguish, and wept so copiously as nearly to extinguish the flames. " Noble denizen of the woods and plains," said I, " what can cause you and your amiable family such keen agony ? " " This fellow been do him," said he, as he majes tically waved his bone aloft. "What? my savage friend/' I exclaimed, 'Did you touch a nerve; or break your tooth?" " Bail, bail, that cabon sorry lose him picaninny, thas all." And recollections again completely overcame him and the family. Stentorian shrieks and howls re sounded through the ndges. ^ The ^ative dogs came rushing out, to join in a vain effort to drown those ear-piercing sounds. The awlul yells ceased suddenly, and profound ; silence followed; you could have heard a torpedo drop, as the venerable old darkie again proceeded: — (t Yui, that budgerie picaninny, bulky fellow, .j plenty fat, that got hini good fellow eye, too, twig him possum, quick fellow, merry mickey, That got Trim budgerie. mouth, my golly, eat him two moon' possum one fellow bite." •'You see carpet-snake along fire, my boy patch him, possum, guano too, only this morning that catch him; then bough break, down tumble pica> ninny and possum and all—broke him cobbera—TH1I him—altogether go bung. So me cook him pica ninny, booful picaninny, that very good parter. Me been eat him, you been eat him, gin been eat him, Irisher and t'other picaninny eat him too. That very good, only altogether sorry longa poor picaninny." Once more such a deafening peal of blood-curdling howls arose from that family, that Pat and I were thrown by the concussion almost into the fire. Mad with t≥, I seized one yelling picaninny and Pat the other, and smashed the ol to fragments. ^ " There you horrible old cannibal monster," said I, as I wiped the picaninny's toe-nails off my hands on to his battered old woolly head. "Take that, you yowj ing, screeching, screaming old glutton, take that." ** Hullo! Now then, boss* it*8 sunrise, slro*ej ftlid thte billy's boiling fit t& burst, and yotuself's beett turning and twisting and groaning most &w;£ui, like the ghost at Tim Doolan's wake." I woke up with such a start, when I heard l?at'g voice, and I trembled all over when I told Paddy the dreadful dFg&ffi; I had just had about the can nibal family. " Tare and ages, thin I" say§ !£*&&> **1 feafeW some thing was -wrong wid you. Pistbrogues! I jbe§n watching you, and listening td them two l&i;ⅈ jackasses over your head, they b£6n Making ft hid geous ro;w this long time, and thin, shure, isn't it no whonder ye'd been dhraming, fur didn't ye at& & whole oarpet-^nake last nighty guts and alL" "You dirty illmannefea beast* 'fat*. why didn't you clean it first P" I exclaimed, in wrathful tones at this disclosure. * Faith, thin) to tell ye the God's ow6 triith, s&i;??» I did be quite forgetting it, till I seen fe a tuckin of it in so comfortable, and thin, I hadn't thfe' heart to disturb you, Besides, 1 should hope I've betther manners than to be making nasty observations at male times, so I left the shnake to your own tinder shtomach, while I schoffed the possum ; and the divil a taste ye left but the head, fangs and back bone." " But where, in the name of thunder! did you get that billy, Pat ?" said I, as I gazed at the fire and" noticed the billy boiling merrily, and was still further amazed to see two little bags in Pat's hand, that looked suspiciously like tea and sugar bags. "Faith,your honour, I struck a fine plant this morning in thim bushes, where the niggers first threw the spears, though I missdoubts but our good luck's at the expense of some other poor chap; for I found a swag wid blanket, three shirts, and two pairs of trousers, the billy here, and these tea and sugar bags; And what's .more, there's pounds and pounds of fresh beef, all tomahawked as if the blacks had cut it' up themselves. But look out, sorr, what's this ? Here's some white gintlemen come fur to pay ye a visit; we'd better put on our old-clothes, as we haven't time to go for the new Sunday ones/' As our old clothes consisted of a hat and puggery for one, and a hat and pocket-handkerchief for the dther> they did not take long to adjust; but Wfe had only just time to do s6S when some half-dozen horse* wen rode up at a gallop, revolvers in hand, and with a look that showed a determination to use thenu I shouted out in English, and Pat in his best Irish, that we were whitemen, as I knew, they would be likely to mistake us for blacks with bur naked r sun burned bodies* Questioaa and afiiwers quickly fol lowed. Our stoiy was sooil told; and when the boss and his men heard of our encpunterof the night be fore, they got off their horses, and shook hands heartily &)1 round with us. A. substantial breakfast was goofi ietved up* and then the boss told us that oue of his stockmen had been killed, by the blacks we had defeated, while Camping Otk the outskirts of the ilia j that they had stolen his swag which we now had fedovered j and they had speared several bullocks, some of the best of: which we had before us for breakfast j a&d; M*. Sundown and his stockmen were tfow in pursuit of the murderers. The station was only thirty miles from where we then were, and as we had given the niggers a severe lesson, Mr. Sundown decided to return. He invited us to stop a day or two with him, to recruit our wasted energies; and then he would give us a couple of old saddles, and a supply of clothes and tucker, accompanying us himself, as he wished to visit Blackall, and secure more country. So we spent a few pleasant days at the st&tfofij; and t fetlhd SuildGWti -a c&pital; fellow for he not only supplied all our necessities, but took Ind a ride a bit above hid own station, and informed me that there Were some really good ^ater- holes there. (Asiit was-flood time, of course I could not tell from thy own observation.) He then toid in$ he thought I could not d© better than take it upv Me had lots of other good spots, more than lie could afford to go in for at present. So, after all, our journey was to be a sU<3«j§ss; Fat made himself soon a great favourite -With tke fthd tSGk the edge off their grief for, the loss 6# thfeif &fid; W§re their ex presBions of goodwill and regard M we ghsok haiids heartily all rotind, and, mounting our /horses^ started on the return journey to Blackall. Our luck stood good, for we unexpectedly dropped across the other horses -we had left for gone coons in the middle of the river on the night of our first Misfortunes. They were rolling fatj jand we now made much faster progress, befog siMe to spell the jaded steeds. We arrived vsi Blackall a little thinner than when we started* hat otherwise hone the Worse for the* trip. I purchased cattle, and sent them out, Pat going with them. I secured the country, land sold out only two years ago, just in the nick 6f time, at a real, good figure, and before our two plagues—Griffith and the drought ^eame upon us. So that's my yarn, boys. I've had girite,enough Of theweBt&rh; coimfey ; and, 4iow I'm married, I've settled down for good in a civilised part of the woi;id. You all know that our housemaid, Norah, is going to he married to an old sweetheart, who is coming in from the west. Well* that's my old mate Pat, who is managing one of Mr* Sundown's stations ofl the Georgina, as they call it now. So, hoys, you'll have an opportunity of meet ing' him, and can dance at his wedding, though t guess some of you are a bit jealous and would .sooner change places with Patob that day than on the one he was hugged by the niggers, on the banks of the Herbert River, away in the Never Never. The premises at the intersection of M'Dowall and Wyndham-streets, Boma, belonging to the Queens land Mercantile Agency Co., and where hundreds o£ thousands of pounds sterling have changed hands, is coming out in fresh colore* the renowned " Multum injpafvo" genius of Boma being specially engaged to paint the same. The " M.l.P." man is believed to have been, twice Mayor of Townsville, tohave rowed against Beach in Sydney, and no wcom bines in his own person the functions of painter, baker Cordial manufac turer, butcher, 'possum-catcher, lay preacher, shoe black, bill-sticker, cook, rag-and-bottle merchant, &c.;, &c.; He can knock Townsville's celebrated bellman —sandwich advertisements and all—into a cocked hat. Bowles, a stockman on Murweh station^ Charle ville way, met his death two or three weeks since, in consequence of an accident which befel him while riding. It was mustering season at Murweh. Bowles and another Ktockman were skylarking, chasing each other around a paddock. Bowles's horse ran his rider against a tree, toppling him out of the saddle. Bowles got up, apparently unhurt, but presently sat down on a log. He shortly essayed to stand again, but fell, rolling over and over several times. He never spoke again and died within three-quarters of an hour. Death was caused by internal injuries and rupture of some of the vital organs. 