TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS By Asmodeus. Affairs meteorological assumed such an uncertain aspect last Saturday forenoon that fears of a postponement of tho autumn opera tions at Flemington were rife up to an ad- wanced hour, and it was not till eleven o'clock that a chango set in for tho better, whereupon tho prospect became sufficiently encouraging to causo intending visitors to venture forth in tho direction of the course. An inspection of the running track showed tho turf to be in much betto r condition than was expected after tho continuous rain of the preceding night and early morning, and with the assistance of a beneficial wind and intermittent gleams of sunshine tho going was in a perfectly safe state, though decidedly heavy when racing com menced at ono o'clock. Neither did the weather cause any further uneasiness, for al though a trlflo chilly no more rain fell, and those present experienced 110 inconvcnienco on this score. Had the aspect of the elements been of a more inviting character during the forenoon there would have been a material increase in the attendance, which was not nearly so largo as expected from the rccltayfie character of the bill of fare. Still, the returns showed the crowd to he greater than last year. Those who ' witnessed Malua parading the saildlingpaddoek, showing unmistakable signs of lameness, were considerably surprised to find him installed firet favorite for the Essendou Stakes, and although tho unfavorable symptoms almost entirely disappeared after an hour's walking, tho big gun went extremely short in his preliminary, and this circumstance gave in creased confidence to tho friends and supporters of Commotion, whom Mr. 1<\ F. Dakin turned out in splendid form. Off Color, Reginald and Plau- siblo were quite lost eight of in the division of patronage bestowed upon tho two cracks. Plausible faithfully fulfilled his mission on be half of Commotion, who came into tho home stretch full of running and easily stalled off Malua, who made a game hut unsuccessful effort to overhaul the Panic horse. Malua. is evidently all to pieces, and besides showing signs of being affected in the region of tho round bone, there is a ccrlain degree of suspi cion attached to one oi his fetlocks,' which ren ders it doubtful whether he will over again he the samo horse ho was last spring. Foulsham is, however, very capable and persevering in hiB treatment of equina patients, and if. skill and ingenuity can avail anything towards restoring to Malua his lost form, the illustrious son of St. Albans will not lack the necessary attention to prepare him for a futuro effort on tho turf. A prolonged vest is essential to the aecomplish- rment of such an object, and there are few horses ill training who nro better entitled to a spell than Mr. Inglis's horse. The Ascot Vale Stakes was productive of cu rious and highly interesting developments, notably tho strong favoritism of Monto Christo, and his unexpected defeat by his stable com panion Uralla. -Backed up by performances, and carrying the expressed confidence of both owner and trainer, it was not surprising to see Monte Christo. leave the paddock with odds on .him. Thoro wero certain shrewd observers, however, who adhered to Uralla, notwith standing the popular preference evinced for her associate and relative, and tho result proved the foronamed longheaded division to be in tho right and tho oft erring public once more 111 the wTong, Tho I'nvorito appeared to have the race in hand a furlong from home, hut he died away on nearing the post, and was cleverly defeated by.Uralln, who spirted brilliantly iutho last hundred yards. On returning to scale there were demonstrations of disapproval, emanating chiefly from the roughs on tho hill, in Which some of the oceupauts of the paddock joined issue ; bat on Hales dismounting counter cheers were raised by the Urnllaites, tho leather lunged members of the ring joining freely, though it ' was plain their sympathy was iufiuonccd more by the stato of their volumes than by prompt ings of unalloyed sentiment. It is greatly to ho regretted that circumstances should bavo arisen for sucli an' unpleasant occurrence, which un doubtedly owed then' origin to a wrongly founded supposition that Hales had not per severed with the favorite as lie should bavo done, forgetting that tho leading jockey is only re cently from asickbedi and incapable of finishing with that physical power whioli Monte Christo's backers evidently thought was wanting to enable him to get home in advanco of hisstahlo asso ciate. In fairness' to Mr. M'hite,. his trainer, lliv . Fennelly, . and . tho jockey, Hales, this hostile ebullition of feeling : may bo credited to ungenerous individuals who lost them money on Monto Christo, and were on tho spur <11 the moment prompted to express tlieir disappointment at the expense of the liotso ami loekev. . More disinterested parties com. n n- int 1 Jr. AVliite on the unpleasant pnaltioi'. die was placed in, aiid general regret was expressed tluif the 'opening day: should have been pmmoUfe 'of so uiiplcasauta e«i/«Ai(ipj. Bow that' Uralla has .demonstrated her supern.viT.y over the great Monto Clirito at n eoiit'sssion ot lib., there arc good' reasons for : tie, s-tppm t extended to the ili- jgliterof Chester 1 pner to her goiug amiss in the spring, This is tho right timo of tho year for fillies to display their excellence, and I have 110 doubt further proof of Uralla's superiority will bo forthcoming before the close of tho season. Although Monte Christo's defeat caused considerable astonish ment tho samo was anticipated by several trainers and tho moro observant watchers at Flemington, who declared Uralla to bo the better of the two at the weights. Tho result is, nevertheless, a direct reversal of public form, and will servo to render next year's Derby more open than promised to ho tho case prior to Monto Christo's downfall. Mr. White holds a couplo of valuable trump cards in tho son and daughter of Chester, and unless Nowstead's friends are possessed of sufficient confidence to test tho situation the winter bet ting operations promise to he confined chiefly to tho two Hew South Wales representatives. 'Silver King gave further proof of his worth by tho consummato ease with which he cut down David, Mozart and Tremando in the St. Leger. It is a matter of regret that Rufus and Bargo wero not ablo to opposo tho St. Albans bred colt, and thus practically determino which is best entitled to bo considered the premier 3-year-old of tho season. I am appre hensive that no other opportunities will offer to settle tho point at issue. Silver King's behavior on Saturday removed much prejudice which ex isted on account of his leggy appearance ; and as X did not delay to express my opinion of him after witnessing his (libit at Geelong I have reason to feel on good terms with myself for having championed his St. Leger claims, and for likewise assigning second placo to David in the faco of Mozart's 6eductivo display in the Hobart Cup. The Newmarket Handicap of 1885 will remain memorable for tho victory of one of the best supported favoritcB ever put for ward for this gigantic gambling event, and by Coronet's triumph the Kingston stable is said to have thrown in for tho acceptable stake of £45,000. Tho clcso of' the betting operations saw him leave the paddock a con firmed favorite. Ho certainly looked tho perfec tion of condition, being divested of alT the superfluous beef ho carried in the Geelong Cup. In fact ho appeared so gross on that occasion that several good judges discarded him on this account, evidently being doubtful of the' possibility of gettinghim into proper "fix" with in the limited period at Mr. J. D. Robertson's disposal. Mnch credit is due to the Kingston amateur for the efficient style in which he turned out tha_.winner, whoso condition com pared favorably with any of tho other 29 com petitors. Coronet has added considerably to tho famo of St. Albans, who also claimed another worthy representative in Sheet Anchor. Coronet is a horse of immense substance and power, and 1 dm strongly inclined to the belief that tho heavy stato of tho turf and a strong head wind contributed in no small measure to his success. Had the ground been in more favorable order and no wind, X think Middle- march would have reversed positions with the winner, who just got home, and that was ail, Cracknell being hard at him all through. Coronet finished very gamely, answering every call in the most generous manner, but not more so than Middlemareh, who was interfered with a furlong from home, and was consequently late in making his effort. But for this contretemps the bookmakers might have had another thrown in. " As matters re sulted they were heavily hit, albeit tho betting was so good that tho majority of tho heavy layers were moro than, round on their books. Sheet Anchor was conspicuous by tho prominent position he held throughout tho race, and so well was he going at the head of affairs a fur long from homo that he looked all over a winner, but he failed to sustain tho effort to the end, and compounded when challenged by Co ronet. Sir Garnet, although defeated, did not disgrace himself in the same manner as did Prometheus, for lie South Australian horse finished a neck behind Sheet Anchor, whereas Mr. XVhittingham's representative was never in it at any part of the hunt, -and his running is too bad to bo true. It is nqt unlikely that he left the raco on the training ground on tho morning he signalled his appearance at Flem ington. His stable companion Xantippc, who could never pace with him in private, was in tho lead abreast of Sheet Anchor and Battailous at tho first half of the journey, and provided the Tubal Cain horse had run up to form he ought to have had the filly in hopeless, distress at this point. Battailous, as already intimated, showed a bold front for 3 furlongs, then collapsed, as also did Xnntippe. Amelia Victoria, Surrey, and Mascotte, next the iubide rails, wero con spicuous at the, commencement of the fight, hut I saw nothing of Salvo, Coningsby, Welcome Jack, Garfield or Topaz; and it. was not until pursuit becamo hopeless- that I.eporello, The Ghost and Town Moor closed upon tho leaders. All got well off tho scratch, excepting Velocipede and Mistake, both of whom failed to gain on any of the horses in front of them, and so conspicuous was Velocipede in the oxtremo rear of everything that ho must ho considerably overrated. , Now that tho great sprinting con test of the. year is a thing of the past, a calm reconnoitre of the situation recalls the fact that there was no - hook form to point to Coronet as tho probable victor. He is 5 years old, and his only previous winning record was obtained in a maiden plato of 15 sovs. in Tas mania, tho company being very indifferent. The better informed ot Tasmatiian racing men ridiculed ,a ixmiparisou 'being liiado between Sheet Anchor and Coronet. Tho latter, how ever, has improved beyond recognition since he entered tho portals of the, Kingston stable, of which fact, no hotter proof is forthcoming than by comparing his performances' with those of Blink Bonny and Sheet Anchor. XVlien tlio trio : last i tui together in -Tasmania tho mare con ceded hiiu 3T-lb. mid- Sheet Anchor 35 lb., both beating him. dceu>ive!y,.lt)ut in tlio Newmarket .Handicap he iKve'rie<V positions at a difference oi only 19 lb. and'7 lb. respectively. Coronet has made amends for the: disappointment occa sioned by Colstoun's Caulfield Clip failure, and Mr. ©. v.. -Robertson made a very happy- pur- 4 chase when be bought Anchorite and Coronet from Mr. T. Reiby, of Entally, Tasmania, for 1000 guineas the pair. , 1 Coronet's victory in IheNewmdrket Handicap and his ignominious defeat in the Australian Cup will long be remembered as the two leading features of tho autumn campaign of 1885. On no previous occasion has the long distanco han dicap turned out such a fancied favorite aa Coronet, and eo confident were his followers that they looked upon his defeat as almost im possible. His fate, however, was that of nu merous bygone favorites, and tho downfall' of public turf idols are of such frequent occurrence that there is, after all, nothing very strango or uncommon associated with the defeat of Coronet, save that tho same was more pre. nonnced than is usually tho case. To within three-quarters of a mile from home tho horse had held undisputed command of his field and eo well was I10 going at this point that Crack nell thought he had the race at his mercy. When clear of tho abattoirs, however, Crack nell says tho horse gave a sudden grunt and shortly aterwards collapsed and retired to the extreme rear, finally galloping in a hundred yards behind the field. The unfavorable symp toms narrated by Cracknell develsped after tho race, for it eoon became evident that Coronet was suffering from internal injury, and was SO acutely that it was only with extreme diffi culty that ho was led off the course some hours afterwards. . !| Ringwood's triumph was a great surprise, particularly to the party behind Sheet Anchor, who were induced to back their horse on' the result of a satisfactory trial between the pair prior to the hurdlo racer's departure for tho scene of his triumphs in Tasmania. This ' is another instance of tho unreliahleness of private trials. Robertson rode a very exemplary raco on the winner, and had Williamson exercised similar patienco it is quite possible that ho would have successfully stalled off Ringwood. Stornaway ran a good colt, hut did not drop from the clouds in tho manner anticipated by those most intimately connected with bim. Aeolyte also ran creditably in finishing fourth, and Minerva ' ah one time showed a hold front in the straight, as aleo did Hclene, who wasprominenttbrough- ont. To-day the running at Flemington will be taken up with tho Maiden Stakes, for which I fancy Stornoway, next to whom I prefer Duration and Achilles. Tho Nursery Handicap may go to' Delamia, who will perhaps have most to fear from Ulaluine and Solo. I like nothing so well as C'nmerino in the Antumn Handicap. Then follows the Champion Stakes, the numbers for nhR'trl expect to eco hoisted thus— Commotion 1, Silver King 2, David 3. The All Aged Stakes will go Monte Christo or Uralla, whichever ' Mr. White elects to start. The Free Handieap ' I shall award to Minerva. ; C'. Ivcmy, who fell off Welcome Jack in tho Australian Cup race, unfortunately broke hia collar hone. The Wyndham meeting on Monday was pat-' roniscd by a largo number of persons who journeyed down by special train from Mel bourne, and but for tho settling over the open ing day of tho V.R.C. gathering detaining in town a numerous following of habituJs the' attendance would he the most imposing ever known to assemble 011 the local course. Tho beautiful weather which prevailed rendered the outing very enjoyable; and although the fields were not largo tho sport was fairly interesting and passed off with out hitch or hindrance. Mr. C. Eraser wielded the flag effectually in tho absence of Mr. George Watson. Tho consistent Angler was warmly supported for the opening cvont", and won comfortably. The Tasmanian repre sentative Waveriey was served up with equal warmth for the Mambourin Handicap, whilo Miles was also freely supported at the com- ' menccmont of tho betting; but contrary to ex pectation both cut up badly, and finished be hind Hesrerides and Woodbine, the two out siders of the party, nbout whom long odda were obtainable. Waveriey, however, reversed matters , on both later in. tho day, and thig contradictory running was the general subject of remark iii the paddock, though the same may he accounted for by the difference in the respec tive distances'. Besides, Waveriey ran very unkindly at the turns in the Mambourii Handicap, and, moreover, stumbled when 'ap pearing to havo the race in hand a furlong from home. Whatever disappointment he ntay have occasioned his friends in the firet race, tho eame was amply compensated in tho Flying Handicap, for which ho was hacked at tho lucre remunerative odds of 3 to 1. Royal Maid loft the paddock with odds 011 her for ihq Hurdle Race, and tho ease with which she won' sliowed that 110 mistake had been made witlv the chestnut, who is a mare of some substance. Several good judges mado inquiries, ' witli » view to purchase, but tho price asked, £500, .was thought to bo above her value. Sir Chariot! eaused surpviso by howling over King Cbailed in the Selling Flat Race, in tho race for wlncli Tho Flyer fell and gave Tuomey, his rider, a nasty shaking. On being submitted to auction Sir Charles was bought by Mr. C. Frasor for £25, a very inadequate figure, seeing that tho well bred .brother to The Gem is apparently sound 011 liig pins, and capable of winning any number of . races if properly placed. i Affairs passed off very pleasantly at Mooneo Valley on Tuesday, the attendance being Con siderably above the average, tho fields fairly lai-go, . and the racing good. The uniform success ofdha favorites rendered matters additionally' aecqpt- ; ahlo to backers, who for onco in a Way hkd y considerably tho best of the deal. Aiiglei'Jcd off' by endorsing the good form exhibited 'at; Wyndham on the preceding day, thus success fully accomplishing, the double cunji fore told : in these columns laBt week. - The South Australians made a great pot; of Surprise in the Trial Stakes, which the chestnut; won clevevly from luy selected representative, , Ocista, who rendered a praiseworthy accqunt of herself. Although Little King was put about a good thing for tho Disposal Stakee, hie behavior in tho race showed him to bobn'tef all foriu, and he succumbed easily to llopetoun. Gipsy's Warning was thought to he a good "thing for the March Handicap, but the favorite wr.s kctc-y dangerous ; on J at l!ie turn it looked a matc-li between ' Miles and I.O.U., ilie last named of which had ho sooner settled Mr. Fisher's gelding than St. Lawrence swept down upon the 2-year-old and fclererly defeated him by a head in the very last stride. The odds of 3 to 1 laid on Primns for the Railway Stakes were never' in doubt, and the afternoon's proceedings woundup by Honora making an exhibition of the field opposed to her 'in the Visitors' Handicap, Mr. Whitting- ham'smare never being headed after the fall of the flag. Girofla, who was second for the Hopeful Stakes at Flemington on Saturday, was so leniently treated for both the Trial Stakes and Visitors' Handicap that she was freely supported in doubles in connection with tach, event preceding the ones" for which she was nominated. Had she been sent to the ' post for cither race she would have been a popular fancy. Although liberally patronised in the doubles, she was destined to havo.'tke pen put through her name for' both races. Meanwhile it was noticeable that the irasy bees of the ring bad made free use of her name in their boots, and as her withdrawal for eaeh; race of the day was delayed till within ; a few minutes after the 1 preceding" event, the occurrence was sub ject ''Of- unfavorable comment with those who'had lost their money. Probably" these facts were- unknown to the stewards, otherwise It isl possible they might have thought it worth their while to call upon Mr. Boyle, the : nominator,' for- an explanation of this syste matic scratching. The Selling Race, Hurdle Race and South Yarrp Handicap have scarcely received proper recognition at the hands of nominators, but tho30' shortcomings are amended in the good ntrav,of names for the Oakleigh Handicap, Cri- . tenon Stakes and Steeplechase,, so that on the . whole next Saturday's prospects at Caulfield are Of an encouraging character. ' Although the. nominations for the "Adelaide Oup and Goodwood Handicap are not so num'e- : tons as to satisfy the expectations of the more , eangume supporters of the S. A.J.C., the quality . of the candidates amply atones for any defi ciency in numbers, and it is plain tbat the necessary quantities to establish a couple of in teresting competitions are duly forthcoming. .. . The Cup includes names of such celebrity as . Commotion; IVc-loome Jack, Guesswork, Silver < .King, Off Colour, Rmgwcod, David, Plausible,' . . . CoriolaiiUs, ...Sardius and others, including Tho Assyrian, yvhoee return to the turf would p: be greeted, witlr pleasure. Malua and The / . Plunger are tiic.lwo most notable absentees. . ; A defaulting Adelaide bookmaker, named r .Wood, had the. effrontery to put in an. appear- . nnce at Fleming-ten last Saturday', but on Mr. . .Wright., the V.R.C. private defective, being r ..made.'aoquaiuted with his presence ho was quickly older id off. ' ' , . There promises to be a pleasant littlo gather- ' "-tag at Colne next Thursday, "iwheu I expect to see I;oynl Maul victorious in the Hurdle Race, ' . -Btenebroke or Lando in the Coiac Handicap, Albanus or ITever Mind Her in the Half Mile " tlandican.iind Voc«tii:e in the Bracelet Slakes. On Monuav lact Mr. V". S. Cox, the proprietor of Mconcc "\ allcv race :ourse, was viciously at tacked bv a (iicimttcd c.'ayiiV/r, named Brail-, denier, who stabbed him in the neck, and j contmue-d the onelaughs on Mr. Cox's eldest son William, w ho came to his father's rescue. Eventually the lufknu, who is a German, . was overpowered, anil given into custody. Luckily1 the.' knife wounds inflicted on both father and ton 'were noi of a very serious nature. ; Mr. S. Miller hf.» disposed of The Flyer to Sir. E. Weeks fc-r £65: The charge against. H. : V. Rogers and \- Frederick: T.amnterse; the t-jvo individuals dis- qualiffeil-'by the Tasmahiaii Raving. Club, of conspiring to 'defraud Henry Kennode in con nection 'with tho' running of Tiehborrie at the late Hohart meeting, has been withdrawn. It is reported that actions will bo brought by them against the stewards of the club and the. super-' tendeut of police, who instituted the proceedings in the Gfeiiori.'lfy police court. " ' ' ' Coriolauua has been purchased .by Mr. J. D. Robertson, --a ' 'i . . . . ' It is worthy of remark that O'Brien1 never ap peared in the pigskin at Moon'eo' Vntley before last Tuesday, when he' hrolight St. Lawrence ' ' homo so artistically ' in the March' Handicap. The effort wae beautifully timed, and well worthy of this finished horseman's best displays. St. Lawrence hung out badly all .through tlic race, and would never have got liis head iu front, of I.O.IJ. but for O'Brien's patient yet vigorous riding. i ' Elsewhere will l:e found the programme of the Autumn Meeliiig of the Murnimbidgeo Turf 'Club, to bo held on the 22nd and 23rd April. To the Autumn Handicap/one mile and a half, Is added the liberal bonus of 200 sovs., and to the Autiuiiu Bracelet 100 sovs., in addition. to a bracelet, value 50 guineas, presented by Mr. F. Chishohit. There are other attractive events contained therein, and owners. would do rivoll to remember that the principal races are to . nominated for en the 18th inst. The Bccchworih Amateur Racing Club has , Issued its programme for the Easter Monday meeting, as follows;— Maiden Plate, of 15sovs.; v , iriying bLaket, 15 sovs.; Easter Handicap," 30 j0vs.;.Hack Race, lO tovs.; Town Plate, 20 . Ws.; Ladies. Purse, 12 sovs.; aud Consolaliou Slakes, 10 sovs. : Mr. Hurtle Fisher has been appointed a jy-j ynmber of -the Aieterian Club committee, vice :>-. Mr. J. .Wagner, resigned. "si- LA notice is. pasted at the Victorian .Club tbat -r. Jno.: Austin, of . fcyclney, and "VV. Al.-Wood, \-- Adelaide, have been adjudged defaulters, ft 1 The following horses tore beentnoniinated in \- Sydney on account of the S.A.J.C.i— Adelaldo Oup : Kbrmanby, Tom Brown, Palarehda, Lord Dlifdsn. Prince Imperial, Goodwood Handicap ; " Tom Bi-own, Palarecda, The Jewel; , i y 4 Our Sydney - correspondent telegraphed on ' Thursday night that for the Champion, Rabo the betting was even moqcy against Comrno- £ lo 2 egainet Silver Kins, > 