\---I EIjc TCIIIlmL-e free Less I PUI.r.SHnED EVERY THURSDAY fl0RNING. THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1885. M?ccri dissatisfaction has been experienced here of late in connection with the action or inaction of the police in failing to bring to justice the personx or persons concerned in slaughtering and stealing of a cow belonging to an old resident. We are very slow to join in the condelmnation of the police, who l Senerally are vigilant and efficient, nor are we now., withot, knowing all the circum :;tanlces which have guided them, going to make any itlmalzarl1 statement as to their ,le:iCg at f'ault, ;'th iough if ruimour is cThrect there c'ui:ot i.^ iuci. doubt lanieitable .iap:why ;:, bIen a I- ,s ,.. ,. AtherOd are that on the a;il!t cf t. ist i .stant a cow waas laughi:ter'd, in the vicinity of a paddock of cue of our similar to those used in Lancaster rifles. Of course these facts in themselves would not be sufficient to trace out the crime, but we understand other circumstances are known which should aid the police in taking action, although their doing so now may not be attended with such satisfactory results as' if they had betrayed more promptitude. Prior to robbery referred to a cart was borrowed from a local resident, and such cart being afterwards examined some blood was found thereon; the track of such cart, or one very similar, was found leading close to the resi dence of a certain person, whom it is rumoured had also previously borrowed a gun from a neighbor. Both of the incidents named may be perfectly harmless in them_ selves, but ordinary people would thiihk them sufficiently suspicious to warrant the police in making some enquiry as to whether the remains of a freshly-slaughtered animal could be traced. Such was not the case, however, and we are given to understand the police declined to move in the direction of taking out a search-warrant on the ground that the owner of the animal should do so or give them an indemnity for any possible I loss they would be s,,h;ia e. . -r,- -- place was searched. We must say this ' seems rather a novel method of endeavouring to trace out crime, and one which will scarcely commend itself to the general pub lic. We have many reasons for thus, I only vaguely alluding to this unpleasant case, and one of a character fortunately rare hitherto in this district In the public I interest, however, we are bound to say that if a crime like the one referred to can be committed with apparent impunity, and that the police, with strong circumstantial evi dence to proceed upon, prove unequal to the task of bringing the perpetrators to justice, we may look forward to quite a fruitful crop i of such outrages, and it is with the hope that public attention being called to the matter, it may have some effect in making the police more active and thus. avert such occurrences in the future that we refer to the question. _ UNDER date London, 10th May,'a cablegram appears in Monday's Age as follows :--' The Gladstone Government are proposing to es tablish modified Home Rule in Ireland. This policy has been adopted in order to influence the general Parliamentary elections, to take place in October." This announce- i ment is highly important, and certainly goes far in justification of the feeling we have always entertained of Mr Gladstone's desire to mete out some modicum of justice to a country which all acknowledge has been wretchedly misgoverned in the past. We are confident any attempt of Mr Gladstone to give Ireland representation by and for the people must meet with the hearty approval of nine-tenths of the population of that country; a system of local self- government for Ireland, with its millions of people, on a) somewhat similar basis to that enjoyed by the smallest of our group of colonies, would be a step in the right direction, and a step which would do more to create peace and contentment than all the coercion bills that human or fiendish ingenuity could conceive. And, even from a purely English point of view, the giving Ireland control of her own affatirs, subject to certain necessary limita tions, would be the wisest stroke of policy and statesmanship. Experience has too fully proved that, whilst the Irish people cannot be driven or coerced, the chief characteristic of the people is that they are amenable to kindness and justice, and are ever grateful for reasonable and fair treatment. If then England, although rather late in the day, shows a disposition to give the Irish people control over the internal affairs of their own country, we are satisfied such policy would most efi'ectually strengthen the empire and establish in reality a union in harmony, sympathy, and feeling which only now exists (in name. Legislation has decimated the population of Ireland very much within the past quarter of a century - hence that country cannot, no matter how wiiling, respond efficiently to England's de m.ands for recruits in time of need. Given Ireland management of its own affairspublic confidence will be restored, the people will launch out in industries which have been abolished by the cruel system which has long existed; employment will thus be given to Sthe people, who irill grOW ianumbers and I prosperity, aud there will be no occasion for them to seek on foreign shores the bread Sdenied them in the land of their birth. MIay the dcay not be far distant when that country will hie blessed with local self-government such as we have in Victoria. (5n Thursday, Mr Dillon (of Giecnnon, Dillon and Co.) held asucces-ful sale of cattle at Bylands;"and on Friday, thi sa~e iinnrm held a montldy sale of cattle at High Camp Plain. We 'eg to idra:w attention to the notice in another caluman, un'ler the hands of the electoral registrar for Broadfordl division of Kilmore and Angiesey, whiereiu Mr MALeish announces he will attend on the 16th and "ird May at Tallarook, and on \Wcd nesdlay, 20th May at Mr Fowlr's, Green's Pinch, to istue r;'ghtets. Those who have not -registered should (do o. The New Byron Co. will wash-up about 50 tons to-morrow. Mr 3i. H. M'Ginley, J.P., who was a resident of tlhi disti't for nearly three years, and entered the o!~ai Shire C'ouncil in August list, took his Ile:prture for Iullensl:,ol en Friday. 3Ir M'Ginley i eL'tcrI'g into a large busbines in Brisbane. The filio- ingi a e the lain Gauge readings at K i "l','re East, for the four montlhs of ISS. :---Jan ua,:y rain on 2 diy;, .:0i: February, rain on 9 days, l1.S7 ;Aril, lain otil'l ,t:1 3.: ?; ~ "['?r: ,, S.'4'. A meeting of Broadford Common Manager held on Monday. Accounts amounting to £1l e passed for payment. Authority was given e Herdsman to destroy all pies fbund trespa'sin a the common. The Herd;man reported oc travelling sheep as having pas-ed through the n mn since January 1st 1885. Mr Timothy Sullivan, an old and respected re dent of Darraweitguim, died on Tuesday V Deceased gentleman had been ailing for some fa and had attained the ripe old age of 87 years. e th remains will be interred this afternoon in the D - ca weitguim Cemetery. The Illustrated Australivn etws just to han a creditable number. ki " Never-Can-Tell" writes us on the late e stealing case, but his letter being -published 4d a not serve any public purpose. If, however, ur o0 contributor can definitely trace to any indiv al rt the bagging of meat, and laying it down at n h bors' premises, as alleged, he should commun te io with the police. The President of the Ki.ture Shire Council hv ing been requisitioned to tiWt effect, has conveld, a public meeting for to-morrow evening at e c Council Chambers "to consider and deterr e v matters in connection with the permanent sury r of the railway route from WVandong to Heathco" I The meeting will be held at 8 p.m. Mr James Ryan, of Slaty Creek, has been retur d unopposed to the vacancy in the Bylands and Gl- c birnie Riding of the Shire of kihnore, causedby t Mr M. Hi. MPGinley's resignatiou. Mr Ryan e feel sure will make a zealous, efficient -,nd straight-: forward councillor, and, if he develops the samet sterling qualities as councillor that he has in other ' affairs, the district may congratulate, itself upon having secured his services. ',u, w 'il'nex tig ive hops to hear of is that a rich Wash has been struck: Mr Thomas Evans: of No. 3 Creek, a highly esteemed resident of the, Kilmore district, died on I Friday last after a lingering illness. Mr Evans leaves a large family. Nagambie according to the local Times, now boasts of a ghost. ar A. M'Dongalll of Lanoefield road, died last week, and was buried on Friday. The Moira Independent announces the death of Mr Maurice M'Namara, of Yarrawonga, which "sad event took place on the 6th instant. Deceased was I an old resident of this district. I Applications for leases approved -D. Underi wood, 319a -lr 31p, Billian; M. Wentworth, 60a, Windham; D. A. Hagan, 230a 2r 4p, Tooborac; Maurice Fitzgerald, 105a Or 20p, Tooborac; John Gartlan, 113a 3r 25p, Gobur. Mr William Kirby, aged 47 years, an old resident of this district, died very suddenly on Friday last. In company with some friends he was returning from a funeral at Lancefield to his home at Forbes. His companions left him at the corner of the old Springfield pre-emptive, proceeding in the direction of Douglas's, Mr Kirby continuing the straight road in the direction of Kilmore homeward. He could have only proceeded a few yards when he either fell off his horse or, feeling unwell, dis- mounted, but he was picked up dead a few moments afterwards by a person passing. At a magisterial enquiry held subsequently the medical testimony showed that death had occurred through heart disease. Mr Kirby's death created a gloom over the entire district. He was a thoroughly hardworking, industrious, and straightforward man and a good citizen. The remains were interred in the Kilmore Catholic Cemetery on Sunday after- noon, the funeral cortege being a large one. Broadford is to the front with a rifle club. Mr M. K. M'Kenzie and C. E. Lloyd have been elected President and Captain respectively, and there are already about 50 members. Mr Whitehead was I appointed Secretary. I Through an explosion in a railway cutting at Queanbeyan last week, Phillip Dwyer was killed and Michl. Dwyer very seriously injured. Both were natives of M'lvor. Yea beat Alexandra in a rifle match on Saturday by 32 points. A committee meeting of the Kilmore Shire Council was held on Monday evening, for the purpose of passing bye-laws, but, after some deliberation it was found necessary to adjourn until Monday even ing next. The Archbishop of Sydney, the Right Rev. P. F. Moran, has been chosen to succeed Cardinal M'Cabe as Archbishop of Dublin. Barnes, the murderer of Mr J. B. Slack, is to be hung to-morrow. The House-Steward of the Kilmore Hospital re ports for the week :-Admitted since lat week, 0 ; IDischarged, 2; Died, 0; remaining in Hospital 12 males and 1 female. A first- class Saddle Maker is cugaced on the pre mises of J. DI). Poulton, Sydney- street, Kilmore. Lady's and Gent's saddles to order. Inspection invited.--[Anvr. Peace between England and Russia seems now assured. Robert Roberts was killed by a railway engine striking him at Stawell. on Monlday. All your own fault if you remain sick or out of ihealth, when you can-get Hop Bitters. Read. [AnvT.] Sir Peter Lumsden has tendered his resignation as British Commissioner, being dissatisfied with the action of the British Government on the Penjdeh collision. Lord Wolesely has praised the New South Wales contingent. Parliament is likely to meet for despatch of busi ness on the 16th June. Mr Jas H. Graves is stumping Delatite. Of course the electors will thus become enlightened. Another victim to drink. William Walter, who had been drinking heavily, hung himself on Satur day, at Dubbo. P'atrick O'Nill found killed on railway line near Myamyn, on Saturday. Thomas Croake, 55 years, cut to pieces by a pass ing engine on railway near Ballarat, on Saturday evening. The Minister of Education has authorised some alterations to be made in the regulations dealing with examinations held at the training institution. In future all pupils in training are to be des:ribed as students, the pupilship having been abolished. Ev-ery student is required to enter into an agree ment not to relinquish his course of training with out the permission of the Minist r, and f r four years after the termination of his studentship to teach in any school to which he may be appointed. An addition has been made to the course of in struction for the first year. Students will not be required to take up history, limited to general out lines of the history of the British Empire, with a more detailed knowledge of Australian discovery and settlement, and of the history of Victoria; also, first book of Euclid,algebra (four simnple rules and easy simple equations), and easy exercises in Latin or French or German. These subjects have always formed part of the second year's examina tion, but it has been thought advisable that students shall be put through a preliminary training and Sacquire an elementary knowledge of these subjects during their first year. In the second year's ex amination al.cbra has been added to the list of subRjects which must be taken up. IHIitherto students had a choice of making an acquaintance I with Latin or French; German has not been added. No marks were allowed in previous examinations for music; drawing and gynmastics, although taught, but marks may now be counted, the maxi mum obtainable for music and drawing being 5i)0, and 30 for gymnastics.-dAge. THE CLIM.aia Or VI?crouIA.-From its geographi cal position Victoria enjoys a climate far more geni I to lurope:ans than any other t'olony within the Continent of Australia, consequently Consump tion and many other chest affections do not prevail there to the same extent as in other parts. T'lhe popularity which Freeman's Original Chlorodyn, has obtained by the Colonists in the treatment of Consnmptin, Bronchitis, A-thmatic aifections, Cr up anId Whooping Cough, evidence the sinerest desire on their part to secocnd the great boon that Nature has granted them, by treating these diseases I the moment tlhe sgymptoms evicco themuselves. Jnui-t upon having " Freenman's only. Trade mark, an El,.phiant.-Wholsale Agents for Victoria, _kcurC, .o:-ralrrT & Co., and obtainable from all chemi'at.--(A ur. j skfilv mu;'.-- "Wells' 'HealthI Renewer" to "? ++ '; titSt.?t i12!"1 ol.Cl'? 1',3}?p it m .t:t ,+',:t "!,-u+ f+- '' C?.5~;e:G~uuI 