SPORTING. ' nv CENTAOR. The Geeloug meeting took place last week, and as usual was patronised by very few Gcelong people. The Melbourne folk mustered in force both days, and made that usually quiet spot pretty lively. The fields were small and the racing fair. The big event of the ineetiug was won by that consistent mare, Camorino, Sir. W. J. Clarke's horse Athcniau running second, with the favorite third. The Handicap on Saturday was won by tliat game little horse Acolyte, who niUBt have won by this time a. small fortune for his lucky owner. This horse should have a groat show.in th'e Australian Cup, as lie ie .gifted fcithpace/andlamBuropoBSBSBOsWtaying powers.-"!^ do not call for BpeciaHnention. ^'iKi^-iSiaiii^^ilj^iei^ Turf Club •hold Wiotlier of their pleasant meetings. With fine weather I have lib doubt there will be a large attendance. My predictionsare.:—ForNovel Selling Race, Stonebroke, with Anagram and Honora next best. Tbo hurdles I faucy Belle Brandon, Connundrum and Old Soul, and for Steeple, Argus Girl, Straggler, and Mystery. For the Hawksburn Handicap, Camcrinc, Middlemarch, and Grace Burling, look best, and St. Valentines Handicap ought to be won by Anarchy' Berkley, or Nuncio. For Selling Steeplechase I fancy Deceiver, Struggler, and Fame. The first payment for the Australian Cup and Newmarket, took place on Monday, the next will not be until 26tli inst when those not declaring, will be liable for the total amount of sweepstake. The first genuino commission for the Autumn meeting came into the market on Monday, a well-known owner of racchorscs backing Sir Garnet for Newmarket Handicap to Ilia tunc of £20,000, also coupling him with Lo Grand to win tho double, Cup aud Newmarket for £12,000; and a little money has also gone on to Gonlngsby and The Ghost, the Australian Cup lias not been touched except in doublos. The liobart Cup will be run for on tho 11th iust., CoriolanuB or Alozart should finish the winner. General entries for V.B.C. Autumn meeting must be mado before 4. o'olook, Thursday, 12tli February, at office of Secretary, weights will appear on or before Monday the 10th inst. 