novelist HIS ONE MISTAKE, CHAPTER LXIV.—(CONTIKTJED:) By BERTHA M- CLAY. Sii6 knew that Lady Legard, in her mild irf.v. would distil this information throngh (lit bouse, and EO all trouble would ba saved While (no two gentlemen wliomshe had lelt together stood looking at 'each other. »It is a sorry case," said the earl—" a Eorrv onamg to all the bright and pleasant hop?s that your mother-had formed for you My bov, how could you mistake bo -greatly ? bu have cut yourself off from us more, al-. most, than if you were. dea3;" • "I know it," he replied; " and looking back. I tell von quite honestly that I cann think how I did it. It was a piece of boyiB (Joisotic folly. I never thought of the co stauences. I never, thought -of what would IiBppen. I seemed to remember nothing but tbe fact that I had persuaded the girl to go out. and that - throngh jne, she was at that hoar of night without borne or shelter." Bat there were a hundred other ways and means!" cried the sari. . ••None of them occurred to me," said Lord Carsoale. "I do not excuse myself in the least: I have not one word to say- Ton ore very angry, father?" Yes; I am more disappointed than angry. I thought- BO much of you; I had built per haps extravagant hopes over you, for I love yon.'- • Lord Caredale sighed deeply. • • - • Shall we part in anger, father ? "he ask ' We have never had an unkind word—will you not be a little merciful to ma now ? " • I cannot," said tbe earl, with a lowmoa as of sodden pam—" I cannot, for you have destroyed my life 1 " . • And those were the last words that passed betweeu them for manyiyears.- CHAPTER LSV. A NOBLE WOMAN'S ADVICE, - • • Ido not know," said Lord Carsdele," ho I have summoned courage to tell you-the truth. I can never hope that you Will forgiv me/' Se nM sitting with.Lsdy Ethel under one of the great spreading oaks in the park. He had asked her to come out with him,' as he had something very paitioular to say to her One look at his troubled, haggard face told her the words were not idle ones, and, without any reply, she put on her,hat and mantle and went with him. • • • •'•'•:••'•"•." How he told her the story he never knew, the words left his lips, but he seemed to hav lost all control over them. The only thing that he remembered very clearly was tha some late roses were blooming near them, and that, to the end of his life, the odour of rose made his very heart sick and faint, ww i ave nothm S to-forgive," said Lady " I have long since felt quite surethsit there was a secret of some kind or other in your lite. I knew that you loved me when you met me here fiveyears ago,- but, Lord Utsdale, I do not understand Why you asked me that question a few days since.' - If yo were married at that -time, how could you want to lrnow whether I loved you or not? " He told her what he had intended, and she shrank from him as Bhe listened: " That would have been wrong," she said, u 1 and if you had'asked me, I should have told you co. Ooce a marriage, always a marriage —nothing can change it. Even if you had legally and lawfully obtained that separation; and it I had been told the truth, I should have refused to marry you." . ;. . "Shell "he cried,reproachfully.- : . "I am speaking the plain.truth," she said. 1 have my own ideas.of right and wrong; ' I wish," he said humbly, '• that you woul tell me just wnat you think of my conduct, without the least fear—will-you, Ethel? "'" che raised her beautiful face to his, and he saw how pale it was; his heart smote him as he looked at hei WlU i e11 n y° " she said, "just what I anak. Your admiration of a pretty and b-nue girl was simple enough; the firstwrong ?*E w f 3 l n speaking to her.; you had no right '0 do it—she was not of your station or your class, and no good could oome of any acquaintance between you; the second wrong 'step, was m asking her to go out with you; Etill, jour motive was, yon say. kindness, yet it was most dreadfully imprudent. -Of your 1 Marriage, I -can only' say that it- was folly 1 fiatt .a • understand it, though, ana m some measure forgiveat:; it was the raon impulse of arash boy—thequiekeat but most fatal way out of a difficulty. WUl you jorgive nie, if I say that your marriage seems «> me fur l eBS culpable than-the-silenco Vthat toilowed it. You ask me to disseot your conaucf, and I do so Why did you not Boldly own-what you had done 1 I make all ano,vance. . Ton did not like to .grieve you partnte, yet you have been obliged to' grieve „ em J P the-end. You were cautious on account of the Duke of Olaverdon; his love toi your sister must have been very weak if i conld not stand-that strain on it. It seems to me that your silence was weak and oowardly " " Oh, Ethel," he cried," spare me 1" You have asked me for the truth," -she Mia; 1 - I must tell you that or nothing. It oay be useful to you at some time." £thd°" are right," he said. ".Go on, "Then, I think nest, that you did wrong over me, very wrong. I was young when I met you here, taidyou bought me. ^Why did you do that.knowmgtbatyou wereanarried ?, True, yonalicLaiiot perhaps what • thBarorls osJIs make lore to me, but you were like; my shadow, and you must have seen that I was learning to oaro for-you." . . . . i i : i i Ethel,?'he cried; hurriedly. .. "Itell y though -the words cover me rwith shame,"!: loved you so madly that ~r never- hardly thought of n^ marriage; I did notrealisaSt." "It was a-cruel wrong to me." she- said, : with gentle dignity, •" very cruel." - : "Will youforgiveme,Bthel!"-heaBked sadly. iJqan nevertforgiva myself."- • : " Yes, I forgive you; but all my life I shall have to suffer for your folly. Lord Caredale;: people say that prudenoe is a .prim, prosaic Tirtue.. Look at the^esolation^Hd.-the euf< fenng brought into so many lives; theneay if prudencehe not the ^ictue of kings." "1 see iy ha Eaidj'-gravo.Iy. : . Her face hghtengd-and^bnghtened through all its pallor. -1 , «< X have$old you the worsts *®ow:igt.flfi 6om foit you by flayingthat I do not think youi have been -guilty of any great sin—imprudence is floj- alwaysjasin; bnt«»hael;«piaat f 60 of you, tell me in what words I am to speak of - that glorious, -that juoble swoman your wife? .She is beyond praise, and I think of her with my heart warm and -my eyies full of tears. Think .what she has suflered, yet. how. brave, how fioblephowcourageous she is. She must have ifelt' .that, quite an consciously, I was her rival. Yet she was always, ready to help me—to invent -pretty dresses for me. Iiieclareto you that liiever once saw-an impatient look on her face 1 : and; 1 oh, Lord Carsdale; do you remember that' • evening when my dress was disarranged, ana she knelt down to stitch it ? I understand your impatience bow; There is no one like her . in the -world—not one; Think," "she:- continued,' 1 ot her patient love, imagine her silence -under,vail tnose false accusations.' Lord CarEdale, you may thank Heaven: that you -have found so good' a wife; Your im-' prudence in .this case has turned out a blessing;; to you. I consider AUie, as jou call her, one: of the most noble and perfect women I iave evei seen." " - " Thank you for speaHng soikindly Of ietj; Ethel,' he replied. I know it all, and more. Of her beauty tnere . oannot be two-questions ; one only eees sueh a face in a iife-time. • You have every . reason to be proud of-your-wife;-Lord Garsda'e." .yen bless you, Ethel. yon are: a true . friend,"46 tepUed, » "18bw*yon have made the wonnd. giveme tbe. cure. You tell me very irankly in what I have done wrong. Now tell me how I can best set about making that wrong right" ot She mueedgravelyforeomaminuteB, then b, she looked earnestly at him. . -. n--"Are you ready to follow the advice that I shall give .you," eho asked,even though i be in- some measure painful ? " 'Yes, lam quite willing, Ethel; I promis it," , he replied,igravely; -and 1 she knewfthat. he would keep his word. . " Then L will tell you what I think, Lor Oarsdale,-and how it .is testfor yon to make the wrong right.. , Yonr firstduty is now? t your wife—to follow her.' to finds her,:toi atone to her .for all that she has suffered^ to be a true, good, kind, lovmg linsbandio ie to mBke some nice home .for her-abroad for -some years, and then, if possible, to seek reconciliation with your -parents ;=I do not think they will refuse it." : - : "I will obey you, Ethel, implicitly,"-he ed. said. '' You will let me write to you sometimes 1 Home I know will be .closed againet me, and I am pledged not to tell my secret to n, my sister." " Yes, you may write at timeB,-' she re-' plied. • •. • '. -• " And; Ethel, tell me thai you forgive me Give me some hope that in your thoughts jou will not despise me." "No," she replied, simply." I have liked you too muoh for that." "Tell me that I have not spoiled your life,'' he said; " that an, the fature you:wil bo happy; tell me that, Ethel!" . w -Sheshookher beautiful head gravely.: e " Jt would be idle to pretend that I do not suffer. Lord C&redale;, I do.; but.Ihope, please God, my life is not all spoiled. You havg gone the quietest way to work by dis enchanting me, by letting me see that you could be weak enough to ieep a secret,-and . let a woman sufier for it. • I know that I shall be unhappy for a time,-but-I hope to forget all about it, and meet—with—a truer , love."• •••..-.. .'-;-'•:-. • '•- "Do you mean that, Ethel?":he asked half sadly; "do you know——" - - e She held up her white; jewelled hand, wit a charming gesture. .-...:,• - _. • t " You are going to. talk nonsense again,", she said, " and I will not listen. If you wis a to show your esteem for me, obey me promptly." w : " I-intend doing so," he said. : " After all that has -happened,'?;Bhe continued; " it would be quite impossible for* w you and me to < remain in the ; same house: We must study appearances; they must-be kept upi.no matter what goes wrong, and I' a u thinkit best for you to go at once, and I willremain; women have more self-control than men. I can talk, sing, and laugh, whereyo would break down." t : " I have arranged; to go at once,".he s said sadly;' "I shall not see my father or mother again; -I leave «oon at"ter.-noon—.and, Ethel;: Ethel I when shallil see you, or the,dear old; home, or the old home faces again ? " " When it shall; please Heaven;?'-;she.ie-' . plied; • reverently. ",Iell me,:Lor3-Oarfldale, where do you thmk Aihe has gone ! " « " I can form no idea, but i*hall^find ;faer," he replied ^ -.; That is right—that is earnest; now let .us d say good-bye. -1 must go back-to Lady Gertrude , she is waiting for me " - s ' He-sat quite ^tiU for a few ;minutes,;then , he said- " -J \- " Good-hy, iithel; . may Heaven; bless y with every blessing 1" " He held that ""white hand- as though: he would never let -it go. He intended to:--do: right. lie regretted aU.'the folly,: fittd^mp dencesiie had been guilty of, hat Jbe was.jiartf mg for ever with ;the woman that he loved,' and-mightaever«ee again.-f^Thosewho haveseen the face*of the woman they love; jet dare not touch it—those who have listened to thB voice4heyloved,yet daredmot eppak.mayrtell; what he endured. He saw the beautiful, brilliant face grow paler and paler, She raisei J her lovely eyes to him. .." My (Strength as failrngjiiLordyOarBdale ^she said.. -"Imust go-;", and the next mini she had passed out of sight. "I must live it down," she said to herself twenty times over," I must live it down, have my life before me." » , Lord CarEdale, after ihat farewell„did not re-enter iheshouse;: *-He walked to the station,• r intendmg to go to London ihat day, hi| -boxes and-trunks would:be «eat af teriimiiAs he stood in the station it oeeurredioiiim4hat he had not the least idea where Ailie really; t "was. She might have gone home, hut he did not think it likely. He inquired of the clerk in the booking- office, who remembered oneof ticket for "London. Then she had gone to London. What would she do there' On arriving m London, he went at once t the Langham, -and then ,it occurred to him ihat he should have more difficulty than he had anticipated in discovering where ,Ailie had taken refuge. 1 CHAPTER LXYI. ; U IHE «HIlr-FAOEDiADT. :" Then you have not seen Ailie for some time'" asked Lord Oai odalfe of Bose Derwent. -;'- And the answer xa<, "JJo." on, Ho had made all the search possible in Lpnclon.for his youiJg wife, bufc;conIdget no -tiaiags of her, TJhey remembered her at the LondonJBndge Hotel; and 1'atty, the kindly P'ja'inber-mRidjWhen-sheheard-of inquiries fceing made about a young lady, told at on all that she had thought and suspected. Lord jOarsdale talkedito hershimself. and described Ailie exactly to her. V That is tbo laay !•' cried the girl. "And you have no idea where she went?'' asked Lord Oarsdale, "She mentioned no town,'no plate?" * "•No,"leplied the chamber maid, "none." So'thera hid clew ended. Naturally enough; his next visit was to'Budeawell, to «ee if Ailie ba'd-ieached uuw home. This uia muusiit: time he was won ou so.ien- t» ;i ootc that which ?4ieforehand had so disgusted him—the dull street, the gloomy house, the fvidence of poverty. -Hatiiough only of find •and.vBtomngsio .herrfor whatvshej suffered; her heroism- had'%een so great that, in f his eyes, it ennobied even ihe most com- 4 mon place surroundings. As .a.-matter of oourse,- the whole family were astonished, tfl see; him, and still more astounded at what ho had to tell them, for? -he would have-no more concealment, and, sending for the vdaneing-master.'.aind.-hu as-' tonifihed wife, ;he told;the truth--about*hiB name, Tns title, and position i \- " At thejiame .time,", he said, " -I must tell quite fairly that-my marriage;cuts me .off ' ' entirely from my family forever. It has i been iept a secret from them all these years;l nowihey know it, and I have bidden them; farewell forever " John Derwent and his wife were both overcome. " To think," eaid John, ".that'sucha'thing flhonld happen " " To think," cried Mrs. -Derwent, " that :my daughterrshould be a lady of title.'V ; They were both speechless after; that one remark. ; a " Of. oourse," continued Lord Carsdale, '' now that .my marriage is known, I should like. to see yon m a different position. : thav influential friends, and-1 do -not doubt in the - least ,but that I.-can. ,procure Jor you, some little office under government, besides which I ,will settle a yearly mcome on you more? than - equivalent- -to . that-; which you no learn. I shall havo to trust to your. good sense entirely never to mention my family; or speak wf them m any way, as it would lead' to more harm than good." John Derwent and his wife were both overwhelmed—theyooulfl say nothing. Then he^ made inquiries ahout Prank, and learned that he gave-jromise (^ome day or other, ofheingi ta 1 superb-engineer. consider Frank's fortune made, sir," e said John.Derwent, gratefully;:" and I have you to thank for it; my lord-r-no one else;" Then Lord Oarsdale had to listen to the d story,; .of -Boss's engagement - to the young curate; and, looking at the girl's sweet face, ; o he did not wonder at her marrying well. • j v ThenHettie looked-up at him with ;one -of her frank, strange smiles. r • " I am sot one of the genteel members of the family;" shesaid, ' 1 and I.am not provided for, hut I tell you one thing, Lord Oars- a dale, I would.notmarry a lord, as poor Aili hasi done, without he loved me better than; you loved her." \- " You are right, Hettie. I. do not excuse -myself, hat I will, atone in the- future for th errors of the past." \- He would not.alarm them by telling them that he had so completely lost all trace of: Ailie; he let them behove there had been . some mistake about their travelling.; He: found from his mquiries that none of them had any idea of Allie s whereabouts. -Hewent away as. soon as he • oould; having but the one idea of findingher. . - * l The surpnse, the wonder, the bewilderment that fell upon that little household ! Ailie, their beautiful Ailie, had married a lord!; Mrs. Derwent rocked herself pathetically to' and fro,-wiping the great tears from.her eyes; " I-always said that Ailie was no ^common: •kind of girl," she said, " but none: would be heveme." The daaciag-maeted coked -at his fiddle. • You and I.part now," he said; f'but you have "been a true friend to me." The secret was imparted, under all.possible -vows of secrecy, to .the, curate, who mentall , congratulated himself on having made.a good match. Visions of a good hvmg,-,presented h to him by his hrother-in-law, Lord; Oarsdale floated across his mind. h In the -meantime, Lord Oarsdale • himsel ,was quite: at a losa where to look. It was onderful how one illusion after.; another drew him from place to ,place. . Sometimes i the story.of-a lady found <lrowned=in the depths of some swift,; deep .river-;: agam it was: the body of a- lady waBhed ashore ;.it was -an unknown,lady killed in -a railway' ; or it -was -the hiBtory- of a myster ions- death. - Wherever :he; heard or read! anything of tbekind, he went at onee ; -but; neither u' hving- no» dead;: could he findfan of Ailie, It was a railway; accident that drew his attention'-to--Eembay^-an excurcion train; had ' come- in-collision . with a heavy goodei, train, the, result of -which was- the-death of. some twenty passengers and the injury of some twentyothers.-: It was jiohody;s iault-equite an "accident, the servants of the oom-; j pany declared—one that no human intelligeneecouldhave forseett; ' /Among the liat o ; iot4he dead cames^iaeBoription of a-lady unknown. She wa's' described as very beauts ful; with iong^oldenihair ; -and.when Lord; Oarsdale read it, Jiia heart grew faint. He forget how many beautiful women with got: den hair there are in^he^world, ,and he went flireot to Fernbay. ou: It was not Ailfe. Before he reached there ' the golden-haisea;,IaSy«had4)een;recognIzed| by a ; haBband, who - was iriv6n mad by he rui, .untimely death»:!Stffls&rd;'Oarsdaleresolveci; Upon fltaymglthfire^;-it-wflssaspretty placed and he had a pleasant^memory of the one happy day ihat he -had spent, with Ailie Sthere. ; He^wapttotliesamsshoteljwhereshe had'heen'Bo T^Us : #?jretty,™nocentawonderl -and surprise. ^-They did-aipPreppgnizs him; there. Later onihat«Venmg he wfl&edgown; tolhe beach, it was bSjutiohs plaqe-Jqhaint, 5 old-fashioned, and, at times^very solitary/ .-^ He waited ?ast the pieriaAereShe-band was "•" discoursing ^eloquent music,"»idpwn by the cliffs, and stood- there-looking "at «n old;! turned jetty -thatjranjout into the ft* was a quiet, ^desolate jilace; jthere ^as no a sound of. inuEic, no gay proinenaders, 11D_ children -at 51ay.'" J 9iera 'lay ihe'hlne Qpa L • the white chfttXlojjed down to it, nnfl Iiom theshingle the Haokj-Jumeaaetty g&nfint; fa® , ±ary «scBneThfid*J^' He stood watohing it, wondering how that old jetty would look under a darkening,: Sky; vwithf.great; , dark waves leapingvover jt •andaa'he BOEtood,-tharecame;tohiman.old, ooast guar^f Who touched his cap-andhegan to talk. -That jetty, he said, had been foryears ^an yearsoutof repair;it was never used now. o Js times long past, queens and- kings had ^ landed on it, hut now it -was .given jip tp a •ghost. - * * * "* STofe iolitiiiiwd) 