Round the Bivouac Fire. (Poem for Becitation.) Bound the bivouao fire, at , midnight, lay the weary warrior-band; Bloody were their spears with slaughter : gory was eaoh hero's hand : For the ghastly fight was ended : from each bouI a whisper came ; ' God of Battles I we have triumphed : hal lowed be Thy Mighty Namel' It wbb beautiful, at midnight, when the bloody war was done, When the battle olashed no longer; and no . longer blazed the sun, Calmly, in the balmy starlight, to repose out wearied limbs, Not a sound to stir the stillness, save the sound of holy hymns : ' Thou haat given us the glory : Thou hast cast our foes to shame 1 God of Battles ! wo have triumphed : hal lowed bo Thy mighty name 1 Thou bast given us tho glory: Thou hast bade our troubles coase : Thou art great as God of Battles : Thou art best as God of Peace 1' Peaceful was tho world around them : in the peaceful summer skies Watched tho sentry stars above them, liko the host of angel-eyes : Shone the sentinel stars in splendour on each slumbering hero's head, And the moonlight gleamed in glory on the dvins and the dead. Kosily wore the night to morning : oheerilyi at their heart's desire, Sang the soldiers songs of trinmph, round the ruddy bivouao fire : Flushed their faees were with glory : strong were they, and brave, and tall : But the tender tearB of ohildhood bathed the bravest face of all I PenBive, by the gloaming firelight, mute the lonely warrior stood : In his hand a paper grasped he, sorawled with letters, large and crude : In his gory hands ho grasped it ; and the ten der ohildly tear, . From hiB ;manly bosom welling, bathed the blood upon his spear 1 Silent wore the night to morning : silont, at \- their heart's dfinirA. Watohing lay the weary warriors, round the gleaming bivouao fire : ' What's the news, from England, comrade 1 What's tho sorry news for thee, From the friends we left behind us, and our home beyond the sea ?' Thein the gory paper oped . he, sorawled with letters, erude and wild : ?'Little news from England, comrades : 'tis a letter from my ohild.' , ' From our merry babes in England, welcome j ' is tho news I ' they said : ' And the soldiers lay in silence, while the war . rior rose and read: ' Little brother died at Christmas : mother told me not to tell;. But I think it better, father, for you said, ? ' The dead are well.' He was buried side o' Mary — mother since has never smiled— Till we meet, good-bye, dear father— from your little; Ioving'ohild! ' Silent wore the night to morning; silent, at their soul's desire, Lay the warriors, lost in dreaming, round the . dying bivouao fire ; Home were they, once more, in England ! . milea were they from war's alarmB I , Hark 1 1 the sudden bugle Bounding 1 . Hark I the ory : ' To arms 1 to arms I ' Out from ambush, out from thicket, charged 1 ' the foemen through the plain ; ' Up, my warriors I arm, my heroes 1 Strike for God and home, again 1 For our homes, our babes, our country 1' And the ruddy morning light Flared on 1 brandished falohions bloody still ? ' with gore of yesternight 1 Purple grow tho plain with slaughter — steed and xiderj side by' side ; And the orimBon day of carnage in a crim son sunset died :. . Shuddenng.on the field, of battle glimpsed the . starlight overhead, . And the moonlight, ghost-like, glimmered on the dying and the dead 1 Faint and few, around the fire-light, were the stretohed, outwearied limbs : Faint and few the hero-voices that uprose in ; holy hymns: . Few the warriors left to whiBper, ' Thou hast oast our foes to shame;: God of Battles! we have triumphed: hal lowed be Thy mighty Name I' On the pnrple plain of slaughter, who is this that smilea in reat,- ' With ' a shred of gory paper lying on his mangled breaBt ? Nought remaining, save a fragment, sorawled ? 'with letters, Crude and wild : 'Till we -meet, good-byi dear father— from your little loving child 1' Kaise!.him softly: 'lift him gently stanoh his life-blood, ebbing alow : He is breathing— he, is whispering — what is this be murmurs low ? '.' Saved 1 my phild— my home— my.oountry I Father, give my pangs release : Thou art, great.Bs.God.of . Battles: Thou art . beat as God of. Pcacc IV .v., , ' K. ;Cohw, M.A.,'in The Theatre; 