Will OK DEAD/ Bt Atha. CHAPTER X. — Nemesis. . Captain Phillip Ormond was found Grounded to death at Cranbourne. ' At Ms request, they carried him by easy jftages to Bonntysville, and there he breathed Jns last, in the arms of her whom he had loved as his wife. Oat yonder, where the surges roll and thunder against .the Bides of the lofty Te Apora, may be seen his grave, and thither *iay by day Major Wilton's niece wends her jglow and weary footsteps to linger by his last resting-place. One day as. she sits there, watching-the purf bresfldng athwart the gigantic cliff, iphe is startled 'by the appearance of a m j.u &fc; heTtlide. So sodden was his presence, that the -cry ©f alarm died away upon her lips without Bound as she gazed npon him. Tall, gaunt, wasted by starvation, and whose eyes glared upon her like those of a famished wolf, the dreaded Tupo stood be fore her. * Lady, the fates have befriended me,' he Said. * In- my- diresfc need, lo, yon come to buy relief. Look here upon^me.' 'Who are you?' she asked, with rising ptravage in her voice and gesture. 'Parblean ! I am Mark Eernieigh, your JraBfoand,' he responded, with just the ghost of the old- devilish sneer crossing his pinched face. TherfEght figure of the woman straigh tened itself in an instant. 'Villaan, let me pass,' she said, with ' ?withering contempt. £s she moved away T-npo caught her, fmtfo^fiercemirfcteredamprecatianoii his lips. 'Sifence, or I will dash your brains out -%rhene&you; stand.' ' Do jour worst,' she answered, calmly, confronting him. I disdain to pry out at the tlireats of such a wretch. 'Tis true I «sn but a weak -woman, but I am the daugkter of a gentleman.. Now whatiB your pleasure/ Her cutHng-irony roused all theslumber Cngtfury inhim. ♦Listen to me, woman P' he cried, ?hoarsely. * I am a desperate man. My life jfe«!ready'forreited ; therefore, I scruple no more at taking life than a hungry tiger. I em. famishing for wantof food. Ton must ?procure it for me at once. Also arms and fmmey. Do you hear ?' * I hear.' * And you will obey ?' *Kb. If a crumb would save you from /the jaws of death, I would not procure it for you,' she*aiBwered. ' Say farewell, to the air and the sun, Chen/ lie cried, as he seized her in his arms, pud ran forward to the edge of the coast Byalkoverlooking the sea. - ; Oniiho brink of that vast chasm he held jCHi&nnfortunate;?lady in his arms to hurl her Bver.iwhen suddenly he found himself con jfiranfced by Maori Jack and three natives, feyanedtrith. rifles. ? ^Snpr--gmrft-«hf- look, and attempted to leap Bver the precipice with his burden, but the guide had. him fast in a moment, and, des pite Kb desperate straggles, pinioned his firms with a strong flaxen rope. ' Hellfreoeive you for a cruel dog ; I have you at last,' growled - £he panting dwarf, {glaringiSnto the Hvid face of his foe. ' For weeks I have been oh your trail, day and Sought, and here you are in, my grip, over the' idead ioy'Bgrave that ye kilt, and murdered, Mea Jie-wor dow* an' unable to defend Tattered and torn, and dirty, and with jffae what© skinig8ea.TTiiTig from tne rentB in 4heir ckrttnng, Tupo and Jack gassed at each trfihejf'Vrith looks which no pen could des One^JSEbe^ffiaoris-strode up to Iraey, and ftnmt^nsitead^before her. ? Will the Fakeha IrnAtereelf with M*Kombo ?' ne said. ' It fg iretfcpsjbhat she should go back again to UttBjxonBe. Come.' j gha«ccspted the inviterfion with a nod, JB&Jtt5IMtSBedT--nward;: wife. _M*Kom?-o without $0 jnuch-ias a look et the spot where the ont 2aW stoofl, silently looking at his captors. Silent, indeed, but .with undaunted front, 5ie stood. Taunt ashe-tnight^-fttid it was (^hp^warf ©^nature to do so— not one word tejfied .TJapo. Nef**r a word uttered lie jpgaSa in this world- : M'Kombo returned anon, and brought wifchjbim^ »xb and a small coil of rope, ? The«ttidB'» «jbb sparkled. He bared bis -bream, daokwiiig to his prisoner a large acttr. ?* Do jo see thai, ma bouohal^P* lie tasked. *Fatt,ifc*8 little marcy -was myer blftckjbearfc ifae night ,jb gave me that. I xnfgfcjf&av;&iny; seveDgbturtr'br Btiflkiiig-yott ixptfhnrm-rm -iht* eliff, and riddling yer ugly jo&tass;, but Tm not in the lucmor to waste Irood powdher and«enot upon such a devil's (asterd. Jfow.bojB.' _? ' ffiK&nAxi; handod the Tope «nd the aze to «me**rf iBBMMmjwnora; Hwn fFaspJnjv&e; ^B&ofdih04flHKeDr;«ord,%y -ifljaksh&hB; ouftniir fraB^xmnA^ieA him round i£heljase of the mount, to a narrow pathway, leading up ward. Up, up, step by step, and round and round a sagzag course, .where huge boulders lay, with, gigantic trunks of trees spanning deep fissures in. title rock, -and onward to the, very summit of Te Apora. What a glorious mew here for lovers t)£? the sublime and theibeautif ul. ; The guide and. his companions saw: nothing, however esve their captive, Tupo. The apex of the mount presented a fiat' table-like appearance, about half anacre in ertent, and studded with a few Kauri. pines. Te Apora rises -sheer upward from the sea beneath, like a. tower, and to a height of two thousand five hundred feet. M'Kombo fastened the outlaw to a tree, and Jack, producing a dirty pack of cards from Mb tattered jumpfer, said, ' It was understood between us Mac when we started in pursuit of this devil's son that if we caught him -we would take the law into our own hands, and eave the . hangman the trouble of a dirty job, eh ? ' ' Copi? 1 Well, now, I'm towld that the Govern ment -have offered £200 for his ugly carcase, dead or alive,' continued Jack. 'Yer fond of money, Mac, and forby these boys want, something for all the trouble they've had. Here are the cards. Suppose we play the best two out of three games at twenty-fives who's to have him ; that'll be fair, anyhow. If you win, then take him to blazes out o' that. Should the game be mine, musha, I'll never finger a f arden of the dirty money. Are we agreed ?' ' It is well spoken. Money is good,' saii M'Kombo. ' Shuffle the cards.' The guide and the Maori sat down close to the feet of the bound outlaw? — M'Kombo with his back, Jack with his face towards him. The Maori, who was an expert at the game, won the first mark, and managed to score fifteen for the second without his opponent -scoring so much as a trick. „ Even in that dreadful moment there came into the prisoner's eyes a gleam of malicious triumph. The guide was about to cast his card (he had only two) when his eyes encountered that look. On the instant he changed his mind, threw his other one, and bo kept in the game, which he eventu ally won without a break. Not a shadow of a hope-for thee Tupo now. The cards were flung aside. On the western rim of the peak stood a tree, which had grown in a slanting direc tion, and had a horrid list over the yawning gulf. A man must have had very -strong nerves indeed who would have climbed that tree, and gazed on the foaming breakers thousands of feet beneath. Maori Jack accomplished the feat, and then beckoned them to bring- Tupo forward. One last and vain effort for freedom the grim, silent wretch xaade ere he was hoisted bodily up into the topmost bough of the leaning Kauri pine, and there securely fastened. The guide pulled off his ragged smock, took the axe, and began to chop away -at the tree. By-and- bye there was a great gap carved in the trunk. The tree began to sway and. rock and groan, like unto some human being in mortal agony. Then with a loud crash it toppled over the vast chasm, and darkness rushed upon the soul of Tupo, the Pakeha. 'CHAPTER XI. — Pour Presfdbe Gouge. Peace has reigned in New Zealand for fourteen years. In that time the face of the country has become changed as by the. wand of a magician. The scattered settlement known as Junc tion Point is a populous township now of 20,000 inhabitants, and known as May thorpe.. It has a municipal council, and sends two members to Parliament. Colonel Claude Wingate, of Cranbourne, is one of its chosen representatives in the House. One of its most frequented and popular hotels has Maori Jack for its proprietor. On that spot where stood the wooden cot tage of John Wingate rises the peaks and gables of a stately mansion, peeping oat from amid a grove of young English elms, a pre sent from Admiral Bunting, and sent out to New Zealand years ago from the old ruin by ih© Tweed. The Admiral has joined, his gallant nephew. Yet ere the old sailor died he willed the 'Elma' to Phillip Ormond's friend. John. Wingate has gone to join his an cestors. The corporal is still in the land of the living ; still erect, still precise, measured, stiff, and solderlike. See him on the lawn beforeihe house with five laughing children romping about him, the eldest trying to mount upon his back, as if the soldier was an old cavalry hack. That is Harry Ball Wingate, aged nine years, eldest son of the colonel, who happens to be standing with his wife at the deep bay, window looking ;out upon the group below. .'.-'-''I '. ' ' ' The corporal puts his hands7 to his mouth, and makes a Bound as of the blowing of a military bugle, s * Fell in,lall''in,' he cries, straightening himeelf as rigid as a ; clothes prop, and the youngsters range themselves ; shoulder to. shoulder like a company on parade — ihe oldest boy on the right, hisbroiiher, Ormond Wingate, next, then Philip John Wingate third. Then follows Lena Maude, a prim little fairy with golden curls and great in-, nocent eyes as blue and sparkling as sap phires ; and lastly, «. tiny gipsy, only four, whose face is almost a fac simile of that of the lady at the window. .? 'Squad, attention, says the corporal, again telescoping his person to its -utmost limit. * Head erect, ©yes looking full to _the front, toes turned out, and the body resting well ;pn the fdre part of the feet. Ormond, my t)oy,j press yonr shoulders back, and bring the palms of your hands full to the front.' The veteran is here interrupted by the gipsy * Gran&papa;, can't I do-nexth'ta Phil?' *t3o* next to Phillip ? ' echoes the corporal. 'Certainly not.- It's against orders. You will Bare 'to wait until you 'grow big, my pet. : * Den Fee not-doing to play *at soldiers any ;more,' replied the gipsy, who coolly walks out of the ranks. The colonel's eyesonet those of his wife, ?who rise6,^anld rests her head upon his broad manly Itosom. 'Tbere *moke the Lena Graham of the mmAtam&Qu;*&* «Uii* la* bora,1 fet says, smiling. 'We shall Jive again in- our children, dearest Lena. Let us join them. One more picture. . The red sun is low, &nd; spreading a purple 'glow athwart the form' of Lucy Fernleigti as she sits in her lonely home at Bountys ville. That yellow faded MSS., which told the history of Phillip Ownond's lonely life, is spread open before her. It is her only treasure now, for as she reads it Beems as if the dead had come forth to talk with her again. But no. Yonder he sleeps, ? where the setting sun lingers, at the foot of Te Apora. He will never speak again to her ! And so she closes the treasured manuscript with a heavy sigh, and moves to where the open piano stands ready to her hand. Hark! 'One lionr of bliss ! a bine -unclouded sky, The eternal music of the 'spheres ; Filled our twin soiile, and in our ears An Angel's melody. A glimpse of rest, which fell upon onr eyes, Eevealing Eden with its glorious bowers, Its seraph-guarded trees and flowers, The Gates of Paradise. Loiig years of pain ! alone, no guide for me, Tossed on a troubled sea, no port or shore, Yearning, longing for thee evermore ; And immortality. ' (THK END.) ' a»y3Af*ai^f^#'iH^fegft» 'toty in Kenr South. 