MR. C. H. BADNALL. We have much regret in announcing the death of Mr. C. H. Badnall, and feel sure that most residents of the town will sympathise with us in this feeling. The deceased gentleman died at his residence, Percy street, on the morning of Friday last, at the age of fifty-five. It will tend to mitigate the grief which his demise will cause to reflect that his death put an end to long and painful suffering. The immediate cause of his death was heart disease. Mr Badnall was a native of Leek, in Staffordshire, and was educated at Durham. He was a Victorian colonist of about thirty years standing, and made his first appearance in this part of the country as a member of a Government survey party, and during his official career assisted in scientific work in the district and also on the Julia Percy Island. When the survey camp to which he was attached broke up, he married the widow of the late Mr. McKeand, and settled in Heywood. Some years after he and his family came to Portland, and since that date he was more or less connected with the newspaper press of this town. He could wield a facile and ready pen, and did much useful work during the several years in which he was connected with the Portland Guardian. He adopted the methods of the office, made as much of the town and its interests as circumstances permitted, and never said an illnatured word of anybody that could possibly be avoided - in short he did as much good to his fellowmen and as little harm as possible. During several years Mr. Badnall contributed correspondent's letters to the Hamilton Spectator, which were always pleasant reading, even if not correct. Mr. Badnall filled a prominent place in the choir of St. Stephen's Church, and was an energetic and useful member of the Anglican community. During Saturday and Sunday flags were shown on the masts of the town and ships in the bay at half- mast as a token of respect for the deceased. His remains were interred in the South Cemetery on Sunday afternoon, with masonic observances. The funeral procession was very numerous; the Rev. J. Bagley performed the rites of the church at the grave in an impressive and eloquent manner, and pointedly referred to the fact that the deceased had been energetic, constant, and indefatigable in his efforts on behalf of the Episcopalian Church of this town. In the evening, in St. Stephen's Church, Archdeacon Allnutt made feeling reference to the loss he and the congregation had sustained through Mr. Badnall's death. He said that they had met that evening under circumstances of peculiar gloom, owing to the fact that the grave had that day received the body of an old and esteemed member of the congregation. He referred to Charles Badnall, for whom he had had an unclouded affection for sixteen years. His efforts in the formation and conducting of the choir, and his valuable services in connection with the obtaining of the organ, had left remembrances which would not easily be forgotten. Archdeacon Allnutt then read the text for his sermon, taken from the 14th chapter of Job and forming a part of the burial service. He said that he himself would have read those verses at the grave of his friend, but that he had given a promise to attend elsewhere which he did not feel himself justified in breaking. At the conclusion of the service the "Dead March" from Saul wes played on the organ. After the above report was in type we received the following from the most reliable authority: "On Sunday, at St. Stephen's, the choir was draped in black in token of respect to the late Mr. C. H. Badnall, who for many years had been its leading member. At both services on that day Archdeacon Allnutt officiated, and funeral hymns were sung, the organ being played in the morning by Miss Atkinson and in the evening by Mrs. Allnutt, whocalosed the service with the "Dead March" in Saul. The text of the evening sermon was taken from Job 14, 10th verse, "Man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he!" In his opening remarks the preacher said: "We meet to-night under circumstances of peculiar gloom, for to-day the grave has received one greatly-beloved by many in this town and neighbourhood i a man for whom I have cherished unclouded affection for 16 years, for who that knew him well could help loving the genial, courteous, kind-hearted and gifted Charles Badnall. Bat it is not so much for these qualites.of' mind and heart that I mention his name In this sacred place to-night, but rather beeanse of his untiring labours in regard to the musical portion of .nr services-for thease he has laid the con gregatiosi under a' debt of gratitude-for these he will long be remembered.' Later oIa, and after quoting from the same chapter, the touching wordst of verse oue:--" Mn that is born of woman is of few days and fall of trouble; he cometh forth like a flower and aIs' cut down. He fleeoth also as a shadow and :continuethnot" The Archbdeacon said that but for an engagement in the district, which he felt enable t hreak, he shaould have read there words beside his friend's grave. We hoes sines learned that, owing no dunbt to the anxieties.of such a time, the day and hborwas fied upon without conoultation as ti Sindey engagements- in the district, and that the three other hoais that t;e Arehlde con was at liberty, viz., 9 a te, 12.30, and 5.30 were felt to be inmouvenent. 