NEWS; OF T1TE DAY. v l'rom the Soudan we have news this morning of some desperate lighting. . On Satrutfay a detachment of the British force wns despatched from Snukira along tho rond to . lurnai . to construct zarehas in good positions. During the day, while the wen were at. wort, the rebels were kept in check by a brisk cannonade from the warships on the coast. On Sunday morning, however, they appear to have inado an unexpected attack on tho British force, wliicli, for tho time, .was taken by surprise, thrown' into disorder and likely to sus tain a defeat . The men, however, rallied, and after desperate fighting repulsed, the enemy with heavy loss. One report gives the. Arab loss nt 1000. killed, whilst, the latest mcssago from Suakim places the British casualties at ' 2 officers nnfl 24 men killed and 33 wounded. There is no apparent, change in tho Afghan difficulty. The . Hussions are reported to he fomenting disorders amongst the natives in the l'enjdoh district, their object being to create a pretext for interference. From India offers of troops have bccu received, nnd the natives generally continue to show the greatest loyalty to the British throne. The re port. that. M. do filers, tho Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs, hud resigned is declared io he unfounded. Commenting recently on flic policy of the English Premier. so op posed to that of Lord Beacoustield, the Re'publiqne. Prannaisr. condemned Mr. Gladstone for his friendship to flnssin. and the want of foresight which induced him to evnenate Afghanistan and abandon Candnhar, and proceeded : — In exchange for such im portant concessions. Mr. Gladstone, on the faith of the Banslavist. Egeria. Mdme. do Xovikoff. who lias piaved so important a rub- in tho formation of English j.ibcral opinion in regard to .Russfa, probably thought that he could count, t ounn equally conciliatory and pacific attitude on ! the part of the Government of Si. l'eiersburg. lr is peilnissible to believe rlmr M. de fliers, whgso policy is based npou the mainf enaneo and consolidation of peaeo between the Western powers', has, on his side, Mi himself bound in honor to reply to the advances of the British Cabinet in the same spirit as that in which iliey were made, and io re place the jealous watchfulness which pre vails between England and Russia in Central I Asia by a mutual understanding in conformity with th.e true iniercsts of both countries, lint I there is at, tho same time something stronsrer than the most decided will of 11m omnipotent Minister of au autocrat. There is on tho one ride pnhlie. sentiment, or rather the raw hut iiresistible instinct of the masses: and on the other the pitiless logic' of events, the fatality of history, which do not permit a stop to lie made in the continued development or onward march of a great people moving towards Ilia accom plishment of its ilestin es " Among our cable message; this morning is one announcing the death of Sir Hurry Parker, El C.B., G.C.M.G., the Chinese ambassador, :it. tho age of 57 years. He was the sou of Mr Harry Parkes, of Birehill's Hall. Staffordshire, and. was educated at the City of London school. He entered the civil service in 1852, being nt- lached io (he suite of Sir Henry l'ottinger, in China : and ho served in various consulates until 1854, when he was nominated con sul at Ainoy. From 1856 to 1858 lie rcted us consnl at Canton, and ho was commissioner at that place dnring the allied oc- jnpalion from 1858 to 1881, and we.s created a Companion of the Bath in 1859 in recognition of his services. ITo served as joint Chinese lecretary to f lie Earl of Elgin in the expedition ef I860, and while engaged in negotiations, tinder a flag of truce, lie wns imprisoned and inhumanly treated by the Chinese. In 1862 he ivas appointed consul nt Shanghai, and pro moted ti> the rank of K.C.B., oiid in 1865 he was nominated. Envoy Plenipotentiary and Minister Plenipotentiary and Consul-General in Japan. In 1881 ho was created a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Michael and St. George, and in July, 1833, he was appointed Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten tiary 'to tho Emperor of China nnd Chief Su perintendent of the British trade in China, The Agricultural department has decided f.pMk replanting with English nnd other hardy iorest. trees the summit of Mount Mucedon, tho trees previously growing there having been killed by the frost and snow. A tender was yesterday accepted for clearing about 50 acres in the top of the mount, flic successful compe- titor being Mr. J. Haines, the amount of whose render was £180. A deputation, representing ilie locomotive stanch at the Williamstown workshops, waited an the Railway Commissioners yesterday after- aeon in order to urge upon tliem the desirability of selecting one of the present employes of that, branch for the post of assistant locomotive superintendent. Air. Speight, after hearing the views of flic deputation on tho subject, said that any snitablo candidate from amongst the present" employes of the department would have i, better cliance of obtaining tho appoint ment than an outsider ; but as be and his fellow ommissioners were at present advised it did sot seem tbat there was a person in the loco- notivc branch capable of performing tho duties ittaclied to snch a position. Written applica tions must, however, be sent in, and applicants would be dealt with on their merits. Tho Railway Commissioners yesterday ac- tepted the tender of Mr. George Buckley, of Hawthorn, for the construction of a portion of ihe future direct line between Melbourno and Ballarat. The piece Mr. Buckley has con tacted for is 21 miles in length, and over very rough country. It is from fho end A " the Eootscrny "nnil Bacchus Marsh lino io Maddingley, a 'small township near Bacchus 'Marsh. Tho contract prico is £39,265 16s lid. Tenders will shortly be called for tho con struction of tho 67 miles of railway be tween Dimhoola and the South Australian border required to complete the connection be tween Melbourne mid Adelaide. The tenders "wo returnable on tho 18th of May next. Special arrangements liavo been made by the Commissioners of Victorian railways! in, view of tho approaching Easter holidays, lor ilm accommodation of the public vyho may wish tomako excursions into tho country or I he adjaceut colony of New South W ales. Holiday excursion tickets" will ho issued from ihe 30ih inst. until the 8th prox., io and from all stations on ihe Victorian lines and from Oeniliniiin and Moaina. The tickets will be available for one mouth from the date of issue. Excursionists to Sydney may obtain return tickets, which will he available for 1 wo months, af somewhat under the ordinary fare, hut the department makes a stipulation that such pas- Mongers cannot travel on the New South Wales line bv the express train, or fake with them tnore luggage tliau can he easily placed beneath the seat of ilie carriage. A large piece of road niefal was thrown at n train cm fhe Brighton line cm the 13th inst. as the train was approaching the Praliran station. Jr struck the fireman, lint fortunately did not inflict any serious injury. 'J'hc Railway Com- ' nlssioners, with a view' to slop future offences of ibis kind, have resolved io offer a handsome reward for information which will lead to the discovery of ilie offender. A communication was received some iiine ago. by the Posimnster-General from the Imperial authorities with reference In the establishment of a parcel post system between tj real Britain and Victoria. The Postmaster- General has called for reports on the subject, tud on receipt of thein will, deal with the matter. The' Commissioner of Trade and Customs, Mr. Langridgc, will leave Melbourne by tho ilvo" minutes to five p.m." train to-day on a visit to flic Xortli-Eastcrii district. The object of t he visit- Is to inspect some of the vineyards and also tho. tobacco nnd hop growing districts ou the Upper King River. At the banquet given at Sorrento on Satur day evening in lioaor of Or. 15. Anderson, president of flip shire of Blinders and Knn- irernng, Mr. Service, who responded to tho , i oust of the Ministry and Parliament, has been represented (o have claimed for tho present Administration that " they had carried out more practical legislation than the three pre vious Governments " Mr. Service states that he made no comparison between the present Government and their predecessors in office, lie was referring to the working capabilities, not of the Government specially, but of the present. Parliament, and in doing so, said ihat j t had already done more practical work than t be three previous Parliaments together. The remains of flic late IX Ghc-rathc, pri vate of B East Collingwootl 2nd Battalion In fantry, who was accidentally shot, at the Wil liamstown butts on Saturday, were yesterday removed for interment, from his residence, Jlupert-strcet, Coltingwood, to the Melbourne General Cemetery. the burial being conducted with full military honors. The battalion io srvfcjcb ihe deceased belonged assembled at their igderly two in Pow!ct:-stre?t, where a parly of twelye men was told off to fire the usual salute at the grave. A gun. carriage from the East Melbourno battery, attended by 130 men of iho "battalion, was driven to the house of the deceased, nnd tho coffin having been depo sited upon it, the funeral eortriic. under the command of Lieut.-colouel Tcmpleton, pro ceeded to tlie grave, the band playing tho dead march. After tho service tho customary vol leys wero discharged over tho grave.' Besides Colonel Tcmpleton. Major Robertson, Captain Christoplierson, nnd J.'icuts. Havdon, Lane and Wordrop, were also present, The second edition of The Aye Annual is now ready. ; The international cricket match was con tinued on the Melbourne cricket ground yester day, but although the weather was most favor able tho attendance was very limited, never reaching more than 3Q00, including members and their friends The wicket being, in fine order the Englishmen increased their' total to 270 with tho loss of only five wickcts.Bornes, who was not out on Saturday, made 74. Shrews bury 54 not out, and Bates/who wis very lucky, also mndo 54. and then had ' to retire through indisposition, liaving suffered for the last two days from tho effects of a very severe cold. Under these circumstances Horan, the Austra lian captain, agreed that Bates, when suf ficiently recovered, should lie allowed to con tinue Kis innings, which he will probably do to day. Mr. G. A. Sala was present at the luncheon as the guest, of tho Melbourno 'cricket elnb. ' The match will be resumed to-day at noon. The Mcssagcries Maritimes steamship Sydney was granted pratique yesterday morning at seven o'clock, as on n further examination of the lady who was suffering from a slight ail ment which caused an eruption of the skin, it was foniul to have no connection with variola or any contagious or infectious disease. Cnp- tflin Pellagrin, the commander of the Sydney, was thoroughly convinced that- the indisposed person was not suffering from small-pox, hut thought it best, to have, ihe patient ex amined prior to coming into port. Tlio laying uf ilie foundation stone of tho new town hall at Brighton was performed yester- dnv bv the Mavor f Mr. Tlios. Bent. M.L.A.T in tho presence of a large number of spectators, amongst whom were several members of Par- liament and members of various municipalities nromid Melbourne. Tho day we.s observed as a general holiday, and the great c.-r interest was | evinced ill fhe proceedings. Trior io the lay ing of the foundation sioue Mr. Bent formally opened a tramway line, which lias recently been constructed iiy Messrs. U. Muiir.i anil Co.. from Elstcrnwirk io Brighton, for the purpose of assisting the market gardeners along the worst portion of the Poini Xepean-road. Ai the conclusion of both ceremonies the visiters were invited to the drill hall, where several toasts having been proposed and honored the proceedings ienniuaied. The Victorian Institute of Surveyors are making preparations for tin ir annual exhibition uf iustrnincuts and auplinuee.- used in surveying, which is in he held in ihe Exhibition building on tho 8th, 9th. lOih and 11th prox. Tho executive committee, consisting of Mr. Thorn- ley, .M.L.C.. the president of the institute, and Messrs. Davidson, Elicry. Black. Kernel and She.kespear. have obtained a largo and valuable assortment oi in-'lnimcnls u.-cd in all branches of surveying, a great number of which are quite unknown to Hie public, who usually associate the profession of surveying with a 'theodolite and chain. 'J'lic exhibition is to be held in fho large room adjoining tho aquarium, and lec tures will be given at stated times by members of tho institute, explaining the nses'of some of the appliances least known to iho public. The case of tho Freehold Investment nnd Banking Company v. Thump-on to recover £640 for arrears of rent and damage done to the plaintiffs' property at Maribyruoiig, of which defendant wns tenant, was continued in the Supremo Court yesterday before Mr. Justice Holroyd and n special jury of six. Mr. Purves nnd air. Isaacs appeared for the plaintiffs. Dr. Dobson nnd Air. Bryant for the defendant Thompson, and Mr. Hood nnd Mr jHodgcs for the defendant Robb. 'J'lio defendant. Thompson put in a counter claim, by which he sought, to recover from the plaintiff and the defendant Robb (ho sum of £1000 for damage which the property had sustained through Hie construction of the Alelton railway, 6t" which Robli was the contractor. He alleged that. Robb en tered on the land and removed stone nnd other material therefrom, besides caus ing dnmngo to certain of the fences and sheds. Rolib, on Uio other band, replied that lie hnd obtained permission from the plaintiffs to do the acts complained of, which tlio plaintiffs denied. A mass of evidenco was taken npou these conflicting statements. Arguments were not concluded when the court adjourned. Air. Justice Alolcswortli yesterday heard arguments in tho Equity Court in tho enso of Howell v. Harding and another. The plaintiff was next of kin of tho late Arary Louise Hard ing, wife of the defendant, Silas Harding. Tho deceased died in January, 1882, and the defen dant obtained administration of Iter estate, which tho plaintiff alleged wns 'worth £14,000. On the 8th February, 188?, the defendant conveyed ibis property to one Taugyo for A'7250. The plaintiff claims adminis tration by tbe court, of fhe estate, and that the 'defendant may ha charged with fha difference between the amount realised and the full value at the time of the death of the de ceased. The defendant alleges that, the pro perty sold was got worth more tlmn £7000, nnd also' that the only real property possessed by the deceased when she died wns subject to a voluntary settlement, which was avoided by her death. The case was not concluded when tho court adjourned. In the Supreme Court yesterday Air. Justice Williams gave his reserved decision; iq tlio case of Cavalier v. Bntcheldor, which was brought to recover tho sum of £57 on a promissory note mndo by tho defendant. The defence was that the action was premature, as- the plaintiff had agreed to give the defendant timp for pay ment, and this liad not expired before tho action was commenced. Ho also claimed damages for breach of agreement and trespass by the plaintiff. His Honor considered that the defendant's allegation as to the agree ment and its breach had been established, no therefore entered a verdict for ihe defendant, with costs on the counter claim, for Is. damages on account of tho breach of agreement, and £75 for the trespass, at the same lime allowing lbs plaintiff to recover ihe amount of the promis sory nolo without costs, Mr. Justice Williams gave his reserved judg ment yesterday in the case of Simpson v. Hay- hall. wliicli arose out of a collision between two vehicles. The plaintiff was a young lail named David Simpson, and iho defendants were ITiiy- bnll Bros. The action wns brought io recover damages for injuries received lir the plain tiff through 4 cqrt which ho was driving being run into .by a dray driven by one of tho defendants' servants. The defendants denied ihat they had been guilty of negligence, nnd the whole question to be deter mined was on which side the negligenco lay. Ilis Honor said ho hnd great, difficulty in coming io a conclusion, as the evidence was most con flicting. Ho thought, however, that the plain tiff had made out tho belter rasa, us his wit nesses were on the spot when the accident oc curred, while those who gave evidence mi the defendants' behalf did not come upon the scene rill some rime after the accident. Judgment would be given for the plaintiff lor £55, with cost; on the County Court scale, The ease of Robertson v. Coihctt was con cluded in the Equity Court yesterday, before Mr. Justice Afolcsworth. The case arose upon the construction of Hie will of the late John Robertson, of Colac, who directed tlio payment of £1000 annuity to his wife for a certain term, and also" provided for ihe payment of legacies to his children when tlioy oamo of age. Tlio estate was found to he insufficient tu pay both annuity and legacies, hot the widow claimed her annuity in full with out a proportionate reduction on aecouiitof ilie deficiency. This action was brought to obtain the opinion ol' the court as to whether the widow was entitled to the full share without deductions. His Honor reserved his decision. A curious question of title came before Mr. Justice Williams In the Supreme Court yester day, in the case of Lloyd v. Mavficld. The plaintiff claimed fhe possession of a piece of land in Coalfield which was at present occupied bv the defendant. The land of which that in question formed part was granted by the Crown to Corhett William Cooko oil the 25th June, 1 057, and after passing through a number of' hands it was conveyed to the plaintiff on the lOlh June 1884, and lie obtained a certificate of title for it. Prior to tiiis, however, tlio defendant, owing to some mistake in the Titles office, obtained a certifi cate for a portion of the land subsequently covered bv iho plaintiff's certificate, and the question arose as to which document should prevail, After hearing arguments his Honor decided that the land belonged to the plaintiff, and entered a verdict ai vorilingly, the question as io the res pective claims of the two titles lacing referred to the Full Court. Mr" Bos" appeared for tbe plaintiff, and Mr.' Duffy for ihe defendant. An action of ejectment was fried in the Supreme Court vesterday before .Air. Jastice Williams, the plaintiffs "being the Melbourne Banking CorporsBiw Limned, and, the defendant a man named William t Hank. I Tho land from which it wa« sought, to I eject the defendant was a block of 1 ! rfcre. situated in Heidelberg. The plaintiffs | claimed tipon a certificate of title, anil the dc- rendant act up adverse possession. He also pleaded that he liad received no notice to quit.. The facts of the case were that so fur hack as 1855 the laud in question was owned by a man named Bardwell. who, when leaving the dis trict, told another resident, named Hackett, that he eoiihl use the land for 5s. per numim. nackctt did not. pay any rent, and no demand wns ever made upon him for it. Finally Hackett gave up possession in the Rev. Mr! Lynar, who de pastured n pony there till 1889, when ho gave it up to tho defendant, who has occupied it ever since. Tho plaintiffs traced their claim hack to Bardwell, Hie original owner, and relied upon fheir certificate. His Honor gave judg ment for the defeudant. Air. l'iuk appeared for thcplaiiitiffs, and Mr. Hood for the defendant. In the Divorce Court yesterday Air. Justice Higiiihothain delivered his reserved- judgment in the case of Cameron v. Cameron, which was a petition by, the husband for a divorce from his wife, ou (lie ground of adultery. He said that the endorsement on the ' jietitioncr's affidavit did not stato that the petition was filed on behalf .of the petitioner. This ho_ held io he a fatal defect, and he accordingly refused the prayer of the petition. He also gave judgment in the case of French v. French, in which the wife claimed u divorce from her husband on the ground of adultery and cruelty. His Honor was not satisfied with the evidence of cruelty, and therefore declined fo grant the petition, hut ho said that he would make a de cree for judicial separation if the petitioner de sired An application was made to Air. Justice Wil liams in ehninbnrs yesterday, tor leave to dis continue tho nction of the Bank of Australasia v. Walsh, . which was brought to recover a sum of £82 10s. upon a promissory uotc, purporting to have been made hy the defendant. The note was discounted hy the hank for a mail named Levin, who was in business at Corown. The detcndaiit. who was a contractor nt Wahgun- ynh, stated, in his answer. Hint Levin had in- duced liitn to sign a document- which, lie al leged. v.as a certificate that Levin was a proper person to have a bonded store. It appeared that subsequently Levin had mitten the promis sory note sued upon above the signature. The plaintiff liaving administered interrogatories to the defendant. "nnd baring received the replies «-.f the latter, now wished to discontinue Hie action. Ilis Honor granted the application. A during burglary was committed on Satur day niglii ar the Rochester Castle Hob 4. Johu- sfon- stroct. I'-itz.rov. All entrance wns effected by forcing open the front door, which was in securely Hastened. The thieves being uiidis- I turhed entered nil fhe bedrooms, ifnd obtained i £66 in notes rant gold, together with several | valuable articles of jewellery which tliev found in a trunk in imupstuirs bedroom Another bur glary took place early on Sunday morning on the promises of .lames Webster.iishiuongor, 110 Moor- street, Filzroy. Mrs. Webster v.as awakened at about, lour o'clock by hearing footsteps in lic-r bedroom, mid called her husband, who got. j up. hut the intruders, taking alarm, retreated i quietly, and without briug seen. The back door was found wide optu. On senrrhing tlm rooms upstairs a lodger mimed Knell reported that his vest and tranters, in the pockets of which was some cash, were missing. The gar ments were subsequently discovered, minus ihe money, supposed- 'to be' £1 1 0s.. lying in the back yard. Being disturbed in their operations the thieves were unable to earn- off n number of portable articles which they evidently intended stealing. Several robberies committed in the city on Saturday night were reported yesterday to fhe police. A working man named 'John Riff. who was staving nt the Mechanics Restaurant , Bourho-sircct, was robbed of nearly £30. which he kept, for security in the pocket of his trou sers. and placed under his pillow, when he went to bed. The money was cleverlv ex tracted (luring the night, the owner not being awakened by; the thief. Two women. Aire"! Ne.il and Mrs. Sheehan, hnd their pockets picked in the .Eastern Market, fhe former losing her purse and £2 5s.. and ihe latter, who resides at 40 Abbotsford-streer, Ilotham, £2 out of her" purse. Among the older and more experienced members of the city police force considerable dissatisfaction exists on account or the disrepute which of late has attached iiself to Hint bodv on account, of the conduct, of certain constables, who. it is alleged, have brought discredit on the whole force. One officer, O'Erien, has been discharged by tho Chief Commissioner ou the recommendation of the superintendent after a long investigation of groundless complaints lie had made against his superior officer.- Sergeant Devine. _ Yesterday two' constables scut, in their resignations on account of animadversions passed on their conduct in public. The superin- tendent, for some time past, has been occupied almost daily in hearing complaints preferred against the city constables from different quar ters. Some of these were found, on a search ing inquiry, to he frivolous or ciirivelv ground less, hut others were of a serious nature, calcu lated, if true, to seriously Impair the discipline of tlio force and reflect oil its character. The directors of the Oakleigh Brick, Tile and Tipe Co., whose property is situated at the hack of tho .Half Way House, ou Hie Fern Trco Gnlly-road. are about to increase their capital uniil it amounts to 30,000 shares of £1 each: 5000 of these will lib at once placed on tho market, A new shed has lately been built, and another kiln is being erected. The detcctiTc police arrested late last night n vonng woman named Annio Mitchell, alias Nicholls, on a warrant, in which she is charged with the larceny of a lady's reticulo and fs.;. in cash. It is alleged that- on Wednesday last she accompanied n young lady named Malcolm into Messrs. Ball and Welch's draoery estab lishment, Carlton. and whilst Alss Malcolm was making a few purchases stole her bag. Mitchell, or Nicholls, came from Syduev about a fortnight ago, and describes herself as a private teacher, She will be brought up at the City Court- to-day. Mr. A. W. Burman, photographer, of Bourke-street east, reported to the police yester- day that his grandson, William Johnson, aged 22, and his wife, left their residence in Chapel- street, Prahran, last Sunday afternoon, on a fishing excursion to Williamstown, and have not since been heard of. Fears are eutertained as to their safety, as up to last night the search for them had proved unsuccessful. Tho nurses and pjiiioi.ta of the Lvra--in Hospital lit Canton assembled last evening in i'uo operating room of that institution, for the purpose of making a presentation to Dr A lever, who during iho last four veers has filled the offjoc of resident surgeon, niid is now retiring from that position. The presentation which was made hy Airs. Coarins, matron of the hospital, consisted of a handsome hag of instruments and ail address. Dr. Afevor re sponded in suitable terms, and those present separated wiili mutual expressions ra goodwill. A rohrersnzionc will ho held this evoniu" l,v the members of iho Fresbvleiian Church", Toqmk. who will assemble in the Aiheimmm Hull io welcome tlie Rev. Alarliu Lewis to the pastorale c.t flic church. His Excellency the Governor and Ladv Loch have promised to he present nt iho Meihoiirne Philharmonic Socic-ty's concert on Good Friday night in the Melbourne Town Hall, when Bpnhr's oratorio Calvary will ho performed. The pantomime Cinderella, which has had an almost unprecedented rim at ilia Thfcatro Rovnl, will shortly be withdrawn, and u benefit will lie tendered on Thursday, the 26tli inst., to Air. J. 15. Orevillo. who lias greatly contri buted to ils success, by his amusing rendering of Hie ruk of Clarinda. " The committee of tlio Gipsy Encampment, fo he held in the Exhibition, met last night. It was decided that the fair should lie opened bv a pro cession of Gipsies, and that Hie Gipsv ehoru5 from 11 Trovatoro should bo rendered. The game of living chess will he performed bv children dressed in Gipsy costumes, tho dresses having been ordered from Air. l'orde of tlie' Opera House. There will also lie a number of sliuws and entertainments, and altogether the encampment promises to be one of the greatest novelties of tlio season. Tlie members of ilie Melbourne Dentscber Turn Vereiu gave an English dramatic and mis cellaneous entertainment hist night in their hall. Latroho-street. There was a large aqdionee. in the first part of tlie entertaiiimcnt a onc-act comedy, entitled My Preserver, was given in good stylo, a word of praire being due to the lady members for the manner in which they acquitted themselves of their parts. Then followed a miscellaneous entertainment, of which Will Whitburn was tlie leading attrac tion. His get lip as a negro stump orator was good, and lie gave an amusing speech on tho in teresting subject of lore. In response to au en core he gave vocal and instrumental selections. Mrs. Dowsett and Aliss 15. Simmons rang a duet from Manola with great taste; Mr. T. Liddiard fang I'll Conquer or Die, and Air. J. Ennis recited Bingen on the Rhine. An amus ing farce, entitled A Ghost in a Pawn Shop, brought a pleasant evening's entertainment to a close. Celt tvrapli vaccination Is adverttied to take place to day a: neialniten-tirHga. , 