EROM THE GHOST'S POINT OF VIEW Tho phonomema called 'Hauntings,' tho phenom ena of Haunted Houses, havo a veritable psychological intorost. Whothor wo bolievo that tho sights and sounds grouped undor tho term havo an objoctivo ex istence, or whether wo look on them as the rosults of fancy and imposturo, thoy eortaiuly conetituto a cur ious problem in tho hibtory of human oxporionce. The kind of events, real or protendod, is sufficiently woll known. Figures, as of livingperson», aro thouiht Kn ennn .m prosent, Violent sounds, as of lmmmors boating the walls and furniture, sounds of ponderous bodies boing tossed about, frequently occur, Less noisy 'rappings' aro ofton mentioned, and tho sounds as of steps, of a man walking whero no ono is visible, are not less usual oloments in tho disturbances of 'haunted housos,' Tho intorost-, to minds not suporstitiously inclined, of all such stories, lies in thoir uniformity, wide diffusion and ancient circulation, The narrative to which thoso remarks sorvo as a proface was obtainod in the follow ing mannor; — A fimily, consisting neither of supor stitious persons, nor of 'physical roseachors,'' occu pied lately a certain houeo on tho hordorsofSomorsot& Devonshire, Tho now occupants of Combo Vornoy (so the old manor was called) soon found themsolvos in the thick of tho usual phonomoa of haunted housos, Thoy also soon satisfied themsolbos that 110 watch fulness or ingonuity of theirs could detect tho force which producod tho improssion of a viowloss tread, of ! the movemont of heavy furniture, tho oponing and shutting of locked doors, and so forth, Tho villagers by a hasty gonoralisation, avorrod that 'tho old squire : walks,' and thus settled tho wholo quostion of the noises in Combo Vornoy, Only on ono occasion was anything at all liko an 'apparition' vouched for by educated evidonco, A young lady, a visitor at Combe Vorney, was found, on tho morning after hor arrival investigatingvory closely tho booksholvos whichcov orod all the walls of tho library, She wos askod if she wa9 looking for any volumo in particular, She replied that sho was trying to find out the second door in the room, 'But thoro is no socond door in this room,' said ono of tho family, 'Thoro must bo,' ro plied tho visitor, .'bocauso tho gontlomau who was hero whon I camo in yontorday aftortoon wont out by this side of tho wall,' 'Was ho ono of us?' askod tho others, 'No, I10 was a stranger; someone, I supposed who had boon paying a visit in tho afternoon,' Tho reply wan tint no ono had called in tho , aftornoon, aud. that tho wall was an outsido wall, which could not possibly have a door pierced in it. Thoy had attempted to construo tho nocturnal sounds into somo sonso by sitting round tables, replying with raps to tho raps of tho viewloss forco, and so an, all to no avail. Finally thoy adoptod tho plan thus ox plained in a lottor from ono of tho inmates. The plan was not succossful, as will bo seen, but led to the receipt of the communication from tho cause (human or not) of tho phonomona, which follows in its proper placo. 'One night, as a last effort to establish a correspondence with tho causo of the manifestation,' writes our correspondent, ' K. loft a largo supply of foolscap, a pencil, a pon, and ink/ tout eeqxCil J'autpour ccrire (as in tho stage directions of a Fronch play), on tho library table. Wo thon locked the door outsido, romovod tho koy, soalod the door, and wont to bed. That night was unusually quiet. Aftor breakfast wo solemnly romoved tho seals, un locked tho door, and entered. Tho pon, ink, and paper had not boon touched, but a largo book,'Bos woll's 'Johnson,' ifi one volumo, which was cortainly closed when wo loft , tho room, was thrown opon. The ghost had been reading ♦ Bozzy,' said K., 'exam- ining the open pftgo. ' Why, the book was stained,' ho added ; ' it can't have got 1 foxed* in a single night. \Vo all looked at tho opatTpago. It w&B; stainod cortainly, but not in tho random blotchy way known as 4 foxod' by collector and booksellers. Bo noath certain letters thore woro very minute and faint roddish marks. Examining thom through a pocket toloscopo, wo found that tho color (everywhere faint) was strongest in the centro, and grew dim towards the circumforence.* When our curiosity could find nothing more to food upon, A happoned to drop tho book, and, as ho pickod it up, it oponedat anothorpage. That, too, was markod in precisely tho samo manner. Wo soon found out that most of tho book was thus stainod. Tho minute blots were neatly placed beneath certain letters. A happy thought occurrod to K. ' Lot us arrange tho marked lottora in ordor of wolds',' ho said, and began to read thom aloud from tho page I10 chanco to hold open. ''This was a now shock,' 'ho spellod out slowly. Clearly tho words had not boon marked at random, whoever markod thom. Had a communication at last boon oponod with the unknown forco in tho house? B seized the foolscap and a pen, and eat down to writo at IC's dictation, who pickod out the words with no dilliculty from tho printod page. Tho roes sago from tho boing, or essence which (according to its own coufession) lind cau*cd tho ' hauntings* ran as follows I havo mado many attempts to comtnu ! nicato with tho*o whoyot livo ; in none of them have I ever succooded. Still I porsevore though X havo dono no wrong which I can ovoratono for now, though I havo no socrot to roveal, no message to deliver, no tidings to bring of the stato of tho happy, or of the accursed doad. My oxistonco soems an accident or an exception, though not, unluckily, a vory raro one. But it is ritrango if at times it becomes intolerable to feel that 110 one rogards or ovon suspects tho state in I which X havo existed so long ? or if I yearn for tho human sympathy without which ho sufferings are' en durable N * The*o spots havo beon analysed, but nothing has boon ascertained of their naturo except that they contain acortain proportion of iron. 