A0T4 POPTJLI. BY THB FliANBUBt ' Again Crlspinns comes J and jot again And of t shall ho he jsummoncd to sustain His shameful part.' — Juvbital. 'Peaco, break thce off ; look, whora it cornea again.' —Hamlet. Shades of the mighty dead ! Will this man ever die ; or, putting the trouble in its true light, will we ever be able to find a coffin strong enough., a grave sufficiently deep, and a tombstone heavy enough to keep that ridiculous old ghost of a Parkes from outraging the decency of the society of the living by thruating his hidoous presence amongst them at every opportunity that offern ? Only the other day we buried this irrepressible old mummy for positively the last time, and yet, no coonor was a vacancy declared in the Argylo electorate than ouv ghostly pantaloon risen out of his grave, turns a flip-flap on the hustings floor, and gibbering* cries, ' Here wo are again ! How are you ?' But a few short weeks ago this shameless old gravo-dodgor sat up in in hia coffin at his o\?a 'wako,' and with crocodilo tears in his 'eyes declared that he had 'with sorrow Ut-en public money voted away under private pressure, and in face of the openly avowed con viction of members, but in sj)ite of this he owod some consideration to himself, and even if he had the strength still he was not prepared to w;iste the remnant of life that remainod in con tending against such forces.' He had also noticed with heart-breaking pain thnfc ' Parlia ment now consisted almost solely of blacklegs, crimps, and swindlers ;' men with whom even a spotless saint like himself could scarcely occupy a place in & 40-acre paddock without becoming contaminated; and so, burying his face in his shroud — to hide his unseemly chuckling — our eut- purse Caesar fell back and died once more, leaving a olauso in his will to the effect that should a time ever ar rive when it was necessary for a patriot to be sacrificed on the altar of his country, the people might rest assured that he, the departed dodger, would turn uj) again like the proverbial bad shilling. And, strange to say, there are certain occasions on which even a Parkes can keep his word. It was the opinion of one Euripides that ' to die is a debt duo by all mortals,' but it would seem that Sir 'Enry's natural aversion to 'settling up' applies to the last and greatest of all accounts as well as to those of a far more trivial and mundane nature. All fears of contamination from the blacklegs of our Assembly have, evidently, fled from Sir 'Enry's breast, however, for with his customary brazen impudence, he has essayed to represent an electorate, which, until lately, was celebrated for returning some of the ablest members the House could ever boast of. To criticise all the recent doings of our political mountebank would be to waste good ink and paper on a most unworthy object, but there is one remark Sir 'Enry let fall which is Avorth shaking xxp, and it is this. Speaking of Deniohy, Piirkos had the unblushing effrontry to declare that the gifted little Dan was ' his friend through life, and amongst the pre cious things that he still held was a bundle of the great man's letters alL breathing the warmest affection for himself — Sir Henry Parkes.' Of the strict truth of this statement I have serious doubts, indeed. There are many men in our midst who would willingly give a pound for one of Dan's letters, and as Sir 'Enry has a marvellous facility for turning all things into ready cash, it is hard to believe that these reliques of Deniehy could have escaped that celebrated clearing out sale of autographs and the like wbip.h enabled our much -buried hero to wipe off the expenses attendant on one of his memorable political obsequies. For my own poor part I do greatly fear that one might reckon up Sir 'Enry's proud boast in much the same terms as bluff old Jack Falstaff did Justice Shallow's when he ex claimed — '? And now is this vice'a-dagger become a squire, and talks as familiarly of John of Gaunt, as if he had been sworn brother to him ; and I'll be sworn that he never saw him but once, in the tilt-yard, and then he burst his head for crowding among the marshal's men.' I too have letters before me now, in which Deniehy alludes to the man for whom ho always 'livnfi.t.ViRtl f,hc- wjirnifisfc affection.' but the com plimentary nature of these allusions is, to 'put it mildly,' as Sir 'Enry himself would say, ex tremely doubtful. For example, here is a sen tence which says ' Henry Parkes has a pen in his hand, and ho draws better than the Crown Law officers -when there is anything to be gained.' The warmth of the affection contained in these words ia sultry enough indeed, but here is another gem of Dan's which sends the mercury way up to the top of the social thermometer altogether. After a sarcastic allusion to tho 'candid, sincere, patri otic, and at the same time thoughtful, giftod Mr. Parkes, who made the balla for an ignoramus namod Gray to fire,' Sir 'Enry's 'friend through life' (dead men correct no falao statements) draws our fair knight's picture ^llll8 — 'He's a grotesque figure certainly- all arms and legs, like some mischievous creature you meet iu the grass. But that's nothing ; from iEsop downwards^ l^bvidenceiiaa pleased to lodge splendid intellects. inA- very .queer trunks; Who would have thougM-tliat Mr. Parkes, who com menced life soiling little innocent blue and white toys for your small Hr,ry,o and Jemmica to broait, would r.ppror.oh its zonith. by himself breaking Ministrierj of tho people in the Soveroign Parlia ment of tho land P Somebody once told us that Mr. Parkes, of all the toys in his chop, loved most the Chinono puzzle in ivory. Aa no one ever ap preciated him as a man for a Ministry, perhaps to beguile timo, he takes to old fancies and indulges m a Love for political puzsdeo. But his puzzles are not as white and clean, though they are. almost as polished, as the old toys in laborious orient ivory.' If theso be the tokens of the 'wannest affections' of a friend, the gods preserve me from such a fond admirer ; and, by tho way, here ia anothor bitter sentence from Dan's gall-tipped pon, the application of whieh I leave to the discernment of our readorc Tho subject is — well no matter — , but the words are, ' One cannot laugh at a man's:, finding his way to office through the doorcs of the Insolvency Court, a gentleman who has gone in to be v/hitowashed, but because the dirt wac unusually thick tho cleansers of com mcu'cial immorality, in a place proverbially not fastidious1 as to its subjects, declined to apply the brush.' ' Warm altectionc !'— very warm indeed, almost as warm aa the evidence given by Sir Alfred Stephen in a recont notorious libel action. One cannot road these things with out wishing that the brilliant little Dan was alive to-day to play the part of David to our scheming Goliath. For a young colony, Australia can j3oint to some of the shadiest transactions in the way of elec tioneering matters that ever disgraced the world, and that is quite an extensive district, let me tell you ? but up to tho present date nothing that 3he hag ever done in this special line can come within ' coooy' of the recent Orango Lodge finessing, which drove chicken-hearted Eanken from the battle-field of the Argyle electorate. Mr. George Ranken was, in the first instance, the man chosen by the Orangemon of Argyle to represent the glorious cause, but it would seem that there are times aftor all when ' dog will eat dog,' and so poor George has been wolfed down at a moment's notice. From the day Captain Cook first landed down to the present date, the great taunt of the Boyne Water followers of the good King Billy to their Ca tholic friends has been that the Papists were a priest- ridden crowd, led by the nose whenever their pastors chose to clutch that delicate organ. But what can we say of our taunters now ? 'The statement put forward by hireling scribes that Parkes' s candidature is simply the work of the imbecile Abigail, and a few other semi ostracised political wire-pullers, is too thin to impose on the people ; and Mr. Eanken alleges that his chief reason for retiring ia due to the fact that the bulk of his Orange friends (?) who promised him support had basely turned against him, and on this ground alone. Orangemon are by no means the free and independent electors those all- things-to-all-inen journalists would lead us to believe, and the result of the Argyle polling will prove that even if the ghost is defeated he will fall with a goodly number of his Yellow flag adherents by his side. We are asked to believe that because one or two of the leading lights of Orangedom have publicly declared their sympathy with Mr. Dalley'a secret action, the sympathies of the ma jority of Orangemen are with the Stuart Govern ment ; but we inust remember that not every one who crieth ' Lord ! Lord !' is to be credited witli sanctity, and that it is quite possible many of of these lip- patriots could with truth re-echo Medea's words, ' My tongue has sworn, but my mind is unsworn.' One thing, however, is dead certain, and it is this — the action taken. by those Orange leaders who have galvanized the Tenter field corpse into a brief, spasmodic life again, have placed their sheep-like followers on the needle tipped horns of a remarkably unpleasant dilemma indeed. In the first place, the kmdest cry of our Boyne Water friends has always been their ultra loyal attachment to England and England's Queen, and yet they are now called upon to sup port the man who has stood almost alone and unsparingly denoiinced the present Ministry for proffering our country's aid to the mother-land, and they are asked, nay, commanded, to show by their actions that they would heap disgrace and opprobrium on the man and tho cause which their beloved Queen delights to honour ! Sir 'Enry's election is beoide the question altogether, but the fact will remain that every Orangeman who records a vote in his favour will undeniably prove himself to be a slave to his leaders and a traitor to his Queen. Low and paltry scheming a3 a part of our political world has sunk to-day, yet I doubt if another public man could be found so destitute of all self-resj-ect as to consent to allow himself to be put forward under such disgraceful circumstances as Sir 'Enry has in the matter of this Argyle electorate ; and moat aptly might we now tender the bitter advice of Persius to our own played-out place-hunter and say : ' Vile dotard ! Canci't them thus eousont to please, To pnndor fox- suoh fools na thooo ; Toolti — whoso npplauEio must shoot beyond thy aim And tingo thy cheolc, bronss'd as it is, with shamo F' -''?? ''Once more has the mountain been in labour, 'and once more has the inevitable mouse been the ''sole result. For the past few -weeks naught was ?heard amongst certain coterios but the hoarse . cries of ' Death to the traitor Dalley,' and I be ' lieve active preparations -were also being made 1 for tarring and feathering the whole of the Minis ' ters, and riding them round the city on a rail. ' : And yet, when the time came for the tussle over ' '?'? the war vote , tho wholo of the dingo Opposition ''collapsed like a burst bcillocm. In the Upper House, the Government had a walk-over, and in the Lower House the only denunciatory speeches worth listening to were those of Messrs. Fletcher, :' O'Mara, and Garvan Aboo. Sir John Robertson \- ''played the part of a political Balaam, who being ' '? trotted out to denounce the enemy, thought better ? of the business, and remained to bless them; 'whilst Mr. Wisdom's oration was nothing- better \- ' than an intemperate tirade against the Chief Justice. Mr. M'Elhone told a funny tale of the Balmain brave who, being asked if he i;' was going to the war, smiled sweetly to himself as he thought of his broom-handle-wielding ' spouse^ at home, and replied, ' No ; Fin going ' to the peace;' and as for the terrible Mr, u' Gibbes, who declared his intention of publicly ;?? impeaching Mr. Dalley when the House mot, why, Garden Honey could tie up one leg, and make a , better speech at a moment's notice. 'Mi vcnga [la muertc de Spagna,' — ' Let nay death come from Spain,' was once a much-used saying, because the ' Spaniards were then reckoned to be mighty slow about the business ; and by substituting the word Newtown for Spain to-day Mr. Dalley may aptly make use of the same exclamation, for if the Ministry is doomed to die by the hand of a Gibbes ';',' only, it bids fair to last for a few hundred years ' 'after the Day of Judgment. 1 ''' The two corner men of the recent enter taiu- c .'merit were Messrs. Dibbs and Buchanan, the ''former gentleman's 'Comic Geography of the '-?' Soudan,' and his side-splitting sketch of ' How tho ' Mahdi drank up the Suez Canal,' being about the ''?''' best pieces of humour heard in the House for many a day. Mr. Bones Buchanan was in capital f orni also, and his scathing oration reminded me forcibly of an old countrywoman of his own, who once went to hear a popular parson preach, and being asked how she enjoyed the treat, replied, ' I dinna 1 ' ken what it war aboot at a', but eh mon ! it must ha' been a ger-rond sairmon for the pairson : danged wi' this hand, and then he danged ' wiJ that, and above a' he did ; sweat ?: ; maist viciously.' So did Dawvid, and C; Jfrom the moment he rose up on his heels ? '??' to denounce the recent display of. 'spurious, ? paltry, nauseoiis, insignificant loyalty' down to ~': '? his magnificent, but rather wide-of-the-subject ''??' peroration on the Land Act, he kept both friends -and foes in one continuous roar of laughter, arid ;-' even the very rats under the Assembly floors sat '?'' itp on their tails and howled in derision at the J man who was — - . ' , *?' ??''??'??? ' Stiff in opinion, always in the wrong, , : : ;-;.?.; Was every tiling by starts and nothing long; But in tlio course of one revolving inoon -' -: -'? ' Was Briton, Fenian, statesman, and buffoon.' .' v ! 'nMr. Dalley has pulled his party through with the -?'? greatest ease, and it is evident that the House is 'of the same opinion as the man who said — - i ' For forms of Government let fools contest, . Whato'er is best administered ? is best.' : 