CALTOWIE. (From our own Correspondent.) March 26. The " Silver Star" minstrel entertainment was given in ,the Institute Hall last night, to a fair house. Mr Siekmann, in a few well chosen remarks, introduced the minstrels to thei audience. Proceedings opened with an overture by the Jamestown Brass Band, " Roulette Galop," who then gave place to the minstrels, who played in first class style the opening overture of what proved a really good entainment. Mr Evans as " Tambo" could hardly be excelled, certainly not by an amateur. "Bones" (Mr F. C. Smith) was also very good, and Messrs Voght ' Bass Viol' and Batten ' Violin' played in their usual splendid style. The jokes, witticisms, &c.;, were better than the average productions. The songs and choruses were all well rendered. Apart from the charitable object in view the "Troupe" certainly deserve support for their intrinsic merit. Mrs Henderson contributed largely to the success of the entertainment, playing the accompani ments ou the piano in a skilful and finished manner. The overture was followed by a song and chorus " The Good Rhine Wine," Mr Voght, ballad " Bury me near the Old Home," Mr T. H. Henderson, song " Will you oome to meet me Darling" Mr T. S. Bristow. Mr Smith made a " hit" with the comic rong, " The Royal Wild Beast Show" and was succeeded by Mr H. W. Fletcher with a song "Lullaby" in good style and Mr W. Maddick, ballad " Elsie of the Glen." Mr Evans came next with " Razors in the Air." Song Call me your Darling Again" by Mr Batten brought on " Tomy's trip from New York and Liverpool" which concluded the first part. The second part opened with a quick march " When other eyes shall look in Thine" Jamestown Brass Band. Mr Voght then sang in splendid style "Tiie White Squall." Mrs Henderson delighted the audience with "Shall we never meet Again." Mr Evans was a decided success in character viz. " I'm a poor old Nigger." The " Old Brigade" thou made an appearance under the command of Mr Henderson, who in response to an encore sung the last verse. " The Bashful Mam," song by Mr Fletcher, and " The Captain" by Mr Batten, was followed by a musical nigger sketch, " Don't leave the Old Folks," the parts in which were well sustained by Mr Smith " Old Woman," Mr Evans "Old Man," boys Messrs Henderson, Gladwin, Maddick and Bristow. After another interval "God Bless the Prince of Wales" was played by tbe Jamestown Brass Baud, and the whole was brought to a termination with " Grand mother's Ghost." Aunt Cliloe, Mr Hender- derson, Jim Mr Evans, Sam Mr Gladwin, Harry Mr Smith, which excited consider able merriment and was given in creditable style. The National Anthem left the audience free to disperse, when the hall was cleared and dancing entered into with spirit till an early hour. 