ALL SORTS OF ITEMS. The roll-call—The biker's cry. None But the Brave, &c.;—Angelina— The man I marry must be handsome, ave, and clever." Tompkins—" Dear me! how f-fortunate we have met." An old lady, whoBe grandson was about to prooeed to the Black Sea, among other parting admonitions gave him strict injunctions not to bathe in that sea, for she did not want him to come back a negro. "Where was I? What was I saying?" says an egotist of the first water, who had been interrupted in the course of some extremely uninteresting personal reminiscences. "You were saying 'I,'" responded one of his victims. We would suggest as new headlines to replace "Births," "Marriages," "Deaths," " Yells," "Bells," "Knells."—Philadelphia Call. A man baa been sent to prison in'Nova Scotia for three months for lying in a horse rade. Tbe latest freak for female head-gear in ew York is called the pen-wiper bonnet. t has a huge rOBette, simulating a pen-wiper, n the top, and is affected by fashionable onng ladies. An English clergyman was rebuking his ongregation for deserting him on a charity ermon Sanday. "Why iB it," he ask«d, "that to-day the church is full, and t -is ay week, brcause there was a collection, it was simply empty ?" "Cos yer don't give tick I" shouted a voice from the free seatB. At an English country house, at luncheon, after morning service, the popular young curate was accosted by a venerable diviEe. " How long sir," said he, "did it tBke yon to write that sermon that you gave us this morning!"' " Oh, about a week." "Dear me," replied the other, "it took me four." Rev. Watty Danlop, the humorous minister of Dumfries, had frequently practical jokes played upon him, but the perpetrators -rarely-got-the-better- of-him; On one occasion some idle and mischievous youthB waited for him as he passed through a churchyard, and one of them came to him dressed as a ghost, in hopes of frightening him; but Watty's cool accost speedily upset the plan. " Weel, Maister Ghoat," said he, " is this a general rising or are ye just taklrg a saunter ?rae yer own grave by yereel' ?" Said Jones—" We're going to run Blifklns fcr judge this fall." Said Smith—" Blifkins 1 What does he know about law ?" " Nothing at all. He never saw a law book. That s the reason we are going to run him. We think that, if he ie ignol'tnt of the law, we may get a little justice."—Denver Opinion.. Said a young man to a professor of chemistry, at the same time holding up I fungus-looobing plants" Is thera any way by which I can positively tell whether this is a mushroom or a toadstool?" "Yes," answered the professor. "Eat it. If it is a mushroom, you'll live; if it's a toadstool, you'll die." The latest device of a Peris paper for attracting readers iB the engagement of two eminent physicians to attend eratultously upon its yearly subscribers. Recently the manager of the paper notified one of the physicians "not to prescribe for X any more, his subscription has expired." The doctor replied—"So has X." Plan tat on Philosophy. — De halthiest lookin' men is sometimes de soones' ter die, De bigges' trees is de one what am aptes' ter be holler. It ain't no use fur some men ter tiy ter b9 jraat. It doan't make no difference how much a mouse eats, he aeber will be a rat. Dar's die difference twixt men an' wimmin. Er 'man trieB to make her heart show on her face) de man tries ter make his mine show on his countebahce. De trouble is dat de 'oman ain't alius got a heart, an' de man ain't alias got a mine.—Arkari sail 1 Traveller. 