LITERARY DRAMATIC AND DE- BA TINO SOCIETY. THE first meeting of the newly-organised Debating Society, or, as it is now called, the Rockhampton Literary Dramatic and De- bating Society, was held last evening in the Committee-room of the School of Arts. There were about twenty members present, and Mr. J. Rayment presided, After the transaction of the routine business Mr. Rayment vacated the chair, which was for the remainder of the evening occupied by Mr. \V, Cook. Mr. Rayment then read a paper entitled " An evening with Tom Hood, poet and punster," in which he gave a short account of Hood's life and referred to the characteristics of his compositions. We make the following ex- tracts from it : I think I shall not be wrong in saying Tom Hood Btands unique in the history of literary men. His always pleasant and familiar wit and humour have made him a favourite with everyone at all acquainted with him, while his deep pathos has touched many a sympathie heart. His humour and pathos are so wonder- fully blended that it is difficult to know where to draw the line. One thing, is certain, he did not become a punster from choice. The bias of his own mind was for something far different-something far higher, to be a poet, solely, not a punster, was the object of his youthful dreams ; this is evident by some of his earliest productions. Thus we have also on the authority of his son, known as Tom Hood the younger, who tells us his ambition was to become a great poet, to have his name enrolled among those of undy- ing fame, whose works stand out as beacons throughout all ages, hence we find his first serious efforts moulded after the older and more classical type, aa for instance " The Plea of the Midsummer Fairies," " Hero and Leander," and others. But it was not to be. Some flashes of his exquisite nit attracted immediate notice, whetting the appetite of that fickle mistress-the public, so that the demand was, like Oliver Twist's, for more. He had " to write to live "-that is to say, it being his only means of obtaining support for himself and family. He had to supply that for which there was the greatest demand, so that he could scarcely find a pub- lisher for his more serious and his own favourite Btyle, On thc other hand, the comic and humorous productions always found a ready market. We are told by his son that the poem already referred to, " The Plea of the Midsummer Fairies," fell almost still-born from the press, so that Hood himself bought up thc remaining sheets, " to save them," as he said, "from the butter- shops.'' I much question whether he would have entrenched thus on his scanty meauB to eave any of his comic writings 1 And yet, strange to Bay, it is by his serious poems-few os there are really entitled to be BO called-that he is best known and valued. The name of Tom Hood is more remembered hy his "Song of the Shirt," " Bridge of Sighs," and " Eugene Aram's Dream, than by all his comic writings puttogether. Whatastrangeanomaly, and how true a type of the mau who waa compelled " to jingle the bauble, when he would fain have touched the lyre," that his most pathetic of poems, and the one that brought him the most fame, should make its first appearance iu the pages of a comic paper-Tn« London Pundi 1 Yet euch was the fact, and I have a vivid remembrance of the sensation its appearance excited ! . . . This was followed by another having the same object in view, called "The Lady's Dream," but which never attained the same notoriety, though exercising a great influence for good. "The Dream of Eugene Aram," is a most intensely thrilling poem standing out as it does in marked contrast to his other poems, and making it difficult to realize that it was really written by Hood. . . . But in most of his other works-if we except his earlier poems-we experience " flashes of unfamiliar ait even amidst their sternest passages." It is this that tends such a peculiar charm to Hood's writings. Hia eon, "Tom Hood thc younger," (who bid lair to be a worthy follower of Iiis gifted father, but who was called away while in his prime, and as he was beginning to make his I mark in the literary world) tims graphically writes-At the moment when the solemnity of his subject threatens to wring the sense heart-strings too powerfully, some vivid play of fancy zig-zags across the gloom, and while it relieves the sense by ita mere suddenness, intensifies, rather than weakens, the effect ot the sombre verse." Hood as a punster stands unrivalled, his wonderful play upon words justly entitles him to be called thc " prince of punsters." His puns are not the strained efforts we have in others. Allow ine here to give you some lines w ritten by a brother punster, pregnant with meaning as applied to Hood. " Impugn I dare not the«, Tho' of the punning hrood : For thou would'st puniih mc. With pungent hardi-hood." . . . " The reputation of Tom Hood as a wit and humourist reste on his writings chiefly. His recorded sayings are few, for in general society he was ahy and reserved, seldom making' a joke. It is to be regretted we have not more, for the few we have are BO ?ood as to be well worth preserving." . . . 'hysically he was very weak, and a great sufferer, but mentally he was clear and bright to the end, giving many a bright flash like tho aky-rocket before it dies out." . . . Another characteristic of Hood's is his great diversity of style or metre, some indeed are quite daring, for instance the poem, " The Bridge of Sighs." ... I will not take up your time in giving you any lengthened ac- count of his life, anyone interested may read for themselves in the " Memorials of Thomas Hood" by bis son, and daughter (Mrs. Broderip); auffiue It to AaV here that he wai born just at the cloie of the last century.. and died in 1845 at the ase of 47. . . - At the conclusion of the reading of the paper, the following of Hood's poems Were read or recited ¡-"bong of the Shirt," " The Demon Ship," "No," "'Dream of Eugene Aram," "Faithless Fanny Gray," " A Fairy Tale," " The Sea Spell," " A Nocturnal Sketch," " A Double Knack," and "The Sausage Maker's Ghost." A vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Rayment, -and the meeting terminated with the customary vote to the Chairman. 