spooned NOTES AND COMMENTS. -. till Chii;>tma3niidNi,v, near smcetin,sof the >. al tons turf clubs in this and the other colonies oreo\eiand,sofarasthcQ 1 O isconceined,we shall line to look as far ahead as May next for inciiiL, HIL NEW Year S Day I ices at Mary borough MCIC fairly successful, the hold-, her" better than usual Mr 1 mine followed up his luck by winning the principal event of HIL meeting, the New Year s Handicap of lOJsovt., withujsoxs Sweep, with that stealing- nine Medusa, one of the best bl in an liners in the colony Mr I J Power a Cossue k, a chest at gelding, by years of age, carrying 7st lib, against the Brush i of 1st 1916 on the in no, was second Oossnel is by both in (son of Dizzy, imp)-Gas II lore and LIL won the Corinthian Cup, remain _ 9st 8lb Spor senior won the All Aged Stakes used for long spin the speedy Jessica being second HIL Farewell Handicap was won by Mr J Ghupi 11 b Phuinix, cm lying (at HIS, Spot saying I) mg second with lost his Jessica, the winner of the Un t Strikes with '9st lib up is by Kelpie, out of by a LU, and is a four year old A hack handicap was won by LVILIII to, by Misses, a son of HIL imported Kingston "fripperies, in the Uutybtnonjli < notes states that the Gyms ii ling Club intend to give away about iliOO to be inn for next w inter st in addition to cups and benefits promised by private persons, the most pioiuuiLiit and liberal amongst whom is that b ranch supporter of the club and ardent sportsman, Ali SpiUcl, of Mary street HO that the value to be me for will be OVER 700 saw" 'the stock unpton Oin ist runs Meeting on Boxing Day and the day following was not a malady success On Boxing Day business beneath the Hurdle It was. which was next touwalkovei for Marks H, B want of using HIL preliminary jump HIL Maiden Plate resulted in an easy win for Capitulation by Lpi_inm-Cupucr-, horse which has not seen his best at Jnr P OG Outline s Lhe Kulte lilly Keep was a good second, whilst the No nimby Loft BLIHIOIL was third Six started for the Public an Luise, which MisLti Ringwood won cleverly by along Length from (Glengarry,, Lrapiess Tim ii The tune was blow-2 12 BaldaillaandCipitulatoi being with away from the Ladies Iii iLLlet, Greys m 9st 7lb , had no difficulty in defeating Souvenir, list, and to form KM in Hut order Only four stated for the V R G Handicap Master King wood came away when wanted, and won by a length from Bukkulla i, Marksmen had thud, and the Kelpie filly out of it HIL Corinthian Cap was simply a m itch bLtWLLii Greyskin and Argyle The result was much in doubt the old "i Ewin singles depressed The 1 Flying Handicap was an easy thing for MLiiy M nil (7st 1211) ) him pass (Sat) Finishing on IILI quite ill, with Bunaloo Hind On the second day the Miners Purse was a walkover for liaison, whilst HIL Trotting Handicap w as a gift for Statesman notwithstanding he started 300 yards behind in fitch He had ewell Uandi Lap brought live to HIL post, and Mrs y Maid '8st) won with something in hand, boating Pussy Cat (9st 2lb ) and Bukkulla (8st 2lb 111 That order Next Line the Novel Race in which horses had tocuiyl-lst loch Mr Dunne's striking her it On ph 111, ridden by Mr C White, proved too good for Grey Skin and befor m, winning easily The Christmas Cup was won easily by Pussy Cat, old Chieftain and Muiksinau being the other starters At the settling Lamb was cruel to winners, and two trawlers and two cups At Penang on Now that s Day the crowds of country folk who turned out to attend the first annual meeting of the club were not favoured by being able to see anything like detail fields of horses Mr L A Smiths Melbourne colt Aristocrat won the Maiden Plate with absurd ease from Hector. Mr Stephens with Mary Ann won the Publicans' Purse Ottbily from Leonidas , but the principal event was well contested Loudstoni, one of the speedy BOUS of Wiatrainstei, carrying bat Gib , had all he could do to beat Ariston at with7at 7lb, and Mary Ann with list will) finished pretty close up HIL Shorts Handicap was appropriated by the Tweed River mare Bertha, and to hear the Forced Handicap also fell, Loadstone the only other starter in the latter event, pressing her very hard at the ii nish In Brisbane there is not much to note in the way of facing Kioter, Mr Mooney B well known horse, after doing s mee at the stud during the billson, has gone into work again at Ldelc 1 us as under Walsh, and will be jeep it cil for the May meeting The spell will have done the handsome son of Lpigrum-Luiente great good, and, us Mr Mooney carefully hunted him in the stud service he will doubt less LOiiiL to the nest a much 1111 proved horse Walsh it may be here mentioned, has purchased a piece of land at 1 III" Farm and is now building a house a id stables there, and intends to provide plenty of room for IIOISCH WIIILII may be intrusted to him for prepare on Hine is good scope 111 Iii blame for a first class public trainer, and Walsh, who is well known to racing men, will doubtless soon have his hands full Lcrcki, the two year old sister of Le Grand, has been sold by Mr Andre v down to Mr W A Long for A. 750 The filly ran in the December Stakes at Randack on Boxing Day, but failed to get into a place but as she is being specially prepared for the A J G Oaks Stakes it is probable that she was merely started to LIVE her work with a held of horses The ]!uiniam-Ollie colt also started 111 the race, but got away badly and did not got amongst the first flight this colt has been named Iago The beautiful Epigram Caprice colt the pick of the Grange lot which were bent to Sydney for "sale has been named Master GH off by his owner, Mr W A Long the pin causes of Loiclei, and is undergoing a very careful preparation for the MUD ribbon Air Kent has at the danger at present a fine lot of failings by 1 piLiam, from the best mares, and they will be noticed on a future occasion Sportsman the Mail by nong Scraps colt, has been sold by Mr Jet to Mr Massie, the sign c not being made public The QIC bare Lot fourteen entries for the Derby at the next Spring Meeting It u satisfactory to notice some new blood repre beating, though there are plenty of nominations from the older hands on the local turf Mr Jinnie seems to pin his faith to the New hold oiuiLsters, but Mr lost is represented by some of the most popular colonial sires There has been some delay in the publication of subscribers to the Sires' Produce Stakes, but the reason of this was that Mr Andrew Town s nominations, which came by wire, was unintelligible, and the necessary deposit having been made by him the club are waiting for his letter of advice Mr Town nominates three horses Reports of all country meetings during the festive season are not to hand At Warwick there appr 1rs to have been good racing The Maiden Plate was won by EiuprtS", an aged mare, with Gipsy Queen second; and the former later on landed, the Flying Handicap, in which she, with 7st. 10lb., heat rat-trap, who was crushed with 8st. 10lb.; Kate Kearney, with 8st., being third. The Publicans' Purse fell to Claret, an aged gelding, carrying Ost. j Mcrryjig, a four-year-old, with 7st. 7lb. up being second. On the following day the Steward's' Purse was won by Stag, Kate Kearney second, and rat-trap third, but the local papers give no' record of the weights carried. For the Town Plate there was a splendid race, Mcrryjig, 4 years, 7st. 71k, being first rat-trap, Oat. Sis., second and Claret, 8st., third. rat-trap, the game little son of The Italian, was only beaten by half length. At Mitchell, the Maiden Plate was won by Harkaway, 5 years, Petrel and Czarina, both aged, being second and third. In the Flying Handicap, Benjamin, an aged horse, carrying 8st. 10lb., beat the well-known Orphan Boy, the latter carrying 8st. 4lb. The New Year's Day Handicap fell to Petrel, aged, 9st. Hb.; King of the King, 8st. 12lb., being second; and Harkaway 7st. 12 lb. (12lb. overweight), third. Orphan Boy also started. The Farewell Handicap was won by King of the King, Orphan Boy being second. For this there were seven starters. . There was rather a phenomenal performance at Charleville on Boxing Day, Little Nell winning the Maiden Plate, Publicans' Purse, and forced Handicap, and running second for the principal handicap, which was won by Little King. Liberator, by Westminster, won the Stockman's Plate. At Tattersall's Meeting in Sydney. on New Year's Day lillington, with 7st. (4lb. up, won the Flying Handicap, six furlongs, boating Orator, I! years, 9st. 10lb., Hon. J. White's Mascotte, 4 years, "it. Jib., and a big field, in clearing Venetia, Sit. 2lb., and Eagle Grange, 7s!.. Tom Brown, the favourite for TsUcr sall's Cup, showed that the confidence reposed in him was not misplaced, for he won a good race by half-a-length, doing the two miles in 3min. 3(¡.}aec. The time was good, but the winner only carried for. 5lb. He was ridden by Donald Nicholson. The weights for the Anniversary Handicap at the Sydney Turf Club Meeting are published. It will be seen that Ellington carries 7st. '4lb., and Aclaiiinnlea is not in with the very light impost of list. 5lb. The distances mile and three furlongs-is rather short for Sir. Mooney's pNcky nnue. The annual meeting of the Victorian Club on Saturday night showed that in Melbourne racing is not only very popular, but that it takes a lot of it to surfeit the public. Madcap, the winner of the Summer Cup at the Amateur Meeting, landed the Victorian Gold Cup, with 8st. up, the placed horses being Agatha (9st. 8lb., and Amoljii Victoria Cut. 3lb. It is rumoured in town that Mr. P. K. RICardo, the secretary of the Queensland Turf Club, intends to resign at an early date. He has unfortunately held office during a period when racing in this part of the colony has been in a very depressed state. The Glen Innes Jockey Club meeting is to be held on the 17th and 18th of March next. The programme contains a novel feature in the Great Sovereign Handicap of 500 sovs., the winner of which is to be sold immediately after the race for £1. The nomina- | tion for this event has sovs., acceptance 7 sovs., and final payment (i sovs.; in all, Kiaovs. has to be paid by starters. The other principal races are the Glen Innes Cup, a sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each for starters, with 200 sovs. added ; second horse to receive £20, and third horse £10, from the past and the Stuart Plate of £100, with a sweepstakes of 'J sovs. from starters, second horse to receive 20 from the prize. The adjourned Peak Downs race meeting came off' on New Year's Day. The Messrs. H. al field's horse Magus won the Christmas Handicap with ridiculous ease, beating Marquis and Wellington. Lurline secured the Maiden Plate easily from Newton and Peeping Tom and Marquis took the Wind-up Handicap altern good race with that fine little more Priiiny. Some of the Sydney papers appear by no means pleased with the recent running of Inglesides, or, more properly speaking, with the riding of Jenkins. "Nemo," in Ihcbijdneyilhtil, one of the best sport big authorities in Australia, says : " The Queensland crack, Inglesides, ran in a seemingly extraordinary manner, in the first place, although he had 12st. up, his cut out the running till seven furlongs from home and in the second, when looking as dangerous as anything, when the distance was reached no apparent effort could be seen on the part of his rider to help him to win, Ingle- sides is just about the most perfect hurdle horse that ever stripped at Randwick, and a very different result was certainly expected. True, the horse stone fence very hard, and removed the skin from his near fetlock joint, but that need not have prevented his being ridden out." Another of the papers states that Jenkins should have been called upon to explain his conduct in not making an effort to help his horse when the tug of war came. The Casuistry colt - the English Derby favourite has been named Paradox, and when the last mail left he was being backed at 7 to 1 for the Derby. This little piece of gossip is from a Melbourne paper : " It seems that Archer can Hog horses as well as any other jockey, for he cut up Duke of Richmond most unmercifully when he hadn't the ghost of a chance with St. Gutten. He afterwards had some disagree- ment with the owner of the colt, the Duke of i Richmond, and handed in his cap and jacket. It is said that the Duke also found a grievance in Archer talking to a bookmaker. Archer to plied that he was a married man who had made a home for his family, and realised an independence, and if the Duke disapproved of his conduct Archer thought he could maintain his home without his grace's patronage." St. Galirn's sire, The Rover, was recently found dead in his stable, his throat having been cut by some cowardly ruffian or ruffians. The spurting Life thus chronicles the event : "A barbarous outrage was committed upon The Rover, undoubtedly the site of the Derby dead-heated and Cesarewitch winner, St. Gatien. This stallion was located at Mr. Shine's stable, Listowel, county Kerry, and as the owner is in the court of bankruptcy, and the horse's future destination was in doubt, considerable excitement prevailed in the neighbourhood, especially as the horse had for some time been in the hands of the court's officers. On the night of Wednesday, we regret to say, The Rover's throat was cut, and when found in his stable he was quite dead. The Rover, by Blair Athol out of Canon, by New- minster in his yearling days cost 150 guineas at Cobham, but he never won a race, and, sink- ing by degrees in the social scale, passed into the possession of Mr. Knowles, the well-known Epsom ' Hy' proprietor, who in turn sold the horse after unsuccessfully advertising him for sale at £50 for a few pounds to Mr. Shine. But previous to his being banished to Ireland the Rover's services had been called into request for two or three mares at the Worcester Park Stud, owing to the illness of Rotherfield, hence his alliance with St. Gaticn's dam. It may be noted that the Rover was in conformity with the order of the court to be sold at Sewell's Repository, Dublin, for the benefit of Mr. Shine's creditors, and the last offer refused for him-a totally inadequate one-was 700 guineas. The detective department has the matter in hand, and two arrests are deemed imminent." The following from the London Sportsman sets at rest all doubt respecting Fred Archer's determination to leave England for a trip to Australia a "By the steamer Bothnia, which sailed from (Queenstown for New York on the afternoon of the 12th November, the celebrated jockey Fred Archer took his departure for America. He was accompanied by his old attendant (Solomon), and by Captain Bowling. Archer fools his recent sudden and terrible bereavement very keenly indeed, and we understand that for the purpose of rest and a thorough change of scene he intends to go over- land to San Francisco and visit Australia before returning to England. His present intention is to remain absent from home for some months." 