OXLEY. FKOM OUR OW>" CORRESPONDENT. B riday. man never ib, Dut always to be, blest." So says the philosophic poet j Pope. This is equally true of the pre sent day. We growled and prayed for rain for a long time. It came ; we wanted j mora- lilrn nnnr I I came, and then we wished it to ceHse. J It has ceased to rain, and severe frosts have succeeded. Now we would prefer a continuance of tbe rain, rather than I | the frost. From Saturday, the 13th, till the evening of Wednesday, the 17th, the rains descended, varying from good I Scotch mists to heavy showers. On I Wednesdnr uioVif a frncf enf in nnil I I J O "WLV own iu ) auu fields, hedges, roads and houses looked I ghost-iike in the early morning of Thnrs- I day. Then the fog rose and hid the I distant hills. When the sun bad risen to his meridian height, the fog-banks J vanished and tho atmosphere cleared, and then, like a magic scene in a | pantomime, a grand panorama broke Inpon our sight. The lowest ranges of billF, pnrple in the distance, were thrown into bold relief by the snow-clad and mure lofty ranges, against whose sides the lower purple-tinted hills seemed i to rest in quiet contentment. Daring Wednesday night, which was cold and I frosty upon the plains, snow fell in great I quantities on the Buffalo, Bogong And I Black Ranges. The scene from Milawa, when sunlight and shadows varied tbe landscape, was exceedingly beautiful, and is now well worth a trip to behold. Thursday night was also froEty, end at the present time (8.40 a.m. Friday) hard frost covers the ground. The rivulets, creeks and rivers are now full. The wells ako again have begun to fill, which will be a great blessing to many households, members of which had to fetch water for household purposes from some distance. The farmers are | sowing Ibeir later crops ; and if thefrosts nip the grass, it will only check the growth of the earlier-sown cereals, and this, as experts tell me, will strengthen the plants and increase the weight of crop. The few levers of conrsing left in onr neighborhood met at the Commercial Hotel, Milawa, on Thursday night. There were but eight dog6 entered for a sweep of half a guinea— Mr G. Gardner'6 Ruby, Mr H. Frankland's Lilydsle, Mr Jas. Allan's Ferrien, Mr Jas. Allan's Alice, Mr Jas. Allan's Archie, Mr C. Culph's Bob, Air T. Wilson's Section, and Mr McKenzie's Daylight. The following is the result of the draw:— Ruby against Section, Fcrrier against Bob, Daylight against Alice, Archie against Lilydale. Mr Jas. Gardner as judge and Mr H. Frankland as slipper were unanimously elected to those offices. 