mhz Mil juliette. HER ENGAGEMENT RING. FANNIE Gerran! had been engaged to be married to young Ur. Harry Raymond, the nephew of a wealthy Kew York physician, whose extensive practice was expected to soon deseen! to his young relative. In the mean time Harry went ott" ou a long sea voyage with an invalid friend, leaving a betrothal ring on the little w hite hand of the lovely girl who had promised to be his wife when he returned. The ring was handsome and unique, with its splendid solitaire, and their combined ini- tials in tiny diamonds cmliedded inside thc golden hoop ; and of course Fannie valued it for its beauty as »ell as for the love for which it was thc pledge. But when news came to her that thu ship iu which her lover sailed had not been heard of for many weeks, and that it was considered lost, having en* tcrcd southern latitudes, where a terrific hurricane hud douc fearful damage, then the ring became a sacred thing to her as the last gift of thc dead. Fate liad brought other trials to thc poor Í;iil since thc IOSB of ber lover. Her father lad died, and subsequently her mother's money, upon which they were almost depen- dent, had been swallowed up in a bank fail- ure. It became necessary for Fannie to eke out the small remaining income by turning her accomplishments to account. It was then that thc thought of parting with the precious ring occurred to ber for thc first time, although all her others jewels had gone long since. The idea came to her with a sharp pang that was almost au agony, but having come to her, it became a settled pur- pose. " I need no remiuder to keep me true to his memory," she murmured, while heavy tears overflowed through the long, curling lashes and fell, glittering rivals upon the diamond which Bhe raised to her lips aud kissed again aud «.gain with passionate fer- vor. Having made up her mind to the sacrifice, Faunie put ou her drooping hat and tied a black veil tightly over ber fair sensitive face ; then, with rapid steps, she left the house and hastened to tue jewelry establishment around the corner, at the window of which she had often stopped to admire the dazzling con- tents. " Is it your own ?" asked the old man, with a searching look in bis keen grey eyes at the young girl, who had made her request in such low and trembling tones. " Oh, yes," she answered simply, uncon- scious of suspicion. "It was my engage- ment ring," and she colored faintly, then paled again with painful thoughts. " It is a very valuable one for you," said the jeweler, slipping it on the first joint of his finger, aud glancing at Fannie's neat but decidedly shabby raiment. " The gentleman was rich and so was I then," Bhe answered quietly, checking her rising indignation with the self-control which experience had taught her. " The gentleman to whom I was engaged to be married went away on a long voyage and was lost at sea,' she said, " and then my father died and left us poor, so that I have been obliged to sell my jewels. I kept this till the last. Will you please to buy it, sir!" Thc old man, being a Scotchman, said : " Uniph, umph !" and polished hui spec- tacles, murmuring -' Fuir lassie !" Then he told her he would value her ring, gave her a receipt, for which she had not thought of asking, and told her to come back in the morning. About ten minutes after Fannie Gerrard left Dugald Bhtike's Btore a young mon walked up the avenue with lone, rapid strides, watching the passers-by and the objects around with a half-curious, half-familiar and wholly pleased attention. He entered Mr. Blaike's store and drew out his watch. " I wish you would be good enough to ex- amine this watch of mine, he said pleasantly. " Something has gone wrong with it all of a sudden. No sooner did I arrive at home safe and sound than it became refractory after serving me faithfully through 'hair- breadth scapes by flood and field' especially by flood ? I hope it is not ominous." And the returned traveller laughed as he handed the timepiece to the old man. "Nothing more alarming than a broken mainspring, replied Mr. Blaikie, smiling. " We will have it ready for you to-morrow, sir." And then as he watched the stranger go out, with his youthful, swinging stride, his mind recurred to the girl who had told him of the lover " lost at sea," and he sighed over his work. Harry Raymond had not gone far before he was accosted by the ringing voice of an old friend. " Hello Raymond, old fellow I Where in the name of all that's wonderful have you sprung from Î Why, dear boy, everyone be- lieves you long since at the bottom of the sea or blown away by all sorts of simooms, or typhoons, or whatever you call 'em !" "Blown away as much as you like, old boy," laughed Raymond, wringing his com- panion's hand heartily, " but notunder water yet, as you see. But, come-give me some . land news, won't you Ï This is my first day Tn the city, and I haven't seen anyone yet. "uw is-everybody t" ' Well, much as usual, I guess. But come over to my rooms, and maybe I can be more definite." The young man slipped his arm through Raymond's, and they sauntered on together. " Oh, by the way," said Jack Gordon, suddenly bursting in on one of his own speeches, " you have just turned np in time to be too late for the marriage of an old sweet- heart of yours-Fannie Gerrard. Married an old chap with heaps of money, too." "What-what did you say!" said Dr. Raymond, clutching the arm that lay on his, and stopping short in the street. "I said that your old flame, Fannie Gerrard, was married yesterday to old Mr. Roberts, the millionaire. Why, what's the matter! What are you staring at! You look as if yon had seen a ghost !" Dr. Raymond drew his hand across his face once or twice before he replied. "Ibeg your pardon," he said. "I have just remembered an important engagement, I-I will have to leave you now." " Oh, I'm sorry !" But never mind ! Drop in in the evening and bave a chat. Good-by, for the present. Delighted to have met yon." And Jack disappeared around a corner, ?savagely condemning his " long tongue" and thinking all kinds of things of the girl who could so soon forget a fellow like Raymond. Harry Raymond walked on with bent head and downcast eyes. All the animation and brightness were gone from his face-all interest in his surroundings banished by a few careless words. " Married !" he repeated-" married to another, and my heart true to her through all I Oh, tickle faithless heart of woman 1" And, with a harsh, bitter laugh he drew his bat over his brow and strode on, he knew not whither, until night found him in his own rooms, worn out by fatigue and misery. And so passed the first night of Harry Raymond's return home. When Faunie Gerrard entered the jeweller's shop next morning she was somewhat embarrassed to find a young gentleman talk- ing to Mr. Blaikie, withdrew shyly to thc other end of thc counter. The old gentleman, recognizing her at once, bowed pleasantly, and in a few moments came to wait upon her. " I will buy your ring for §150," he said. " Will you part with it for that!" Fannie's face showed her disappointment. " I thought it was worth more than that intrinsically,' she said. "Two hundred at least." The Scotchman shook hit head uni pressed bis lips together, for although he iras in- terested in the "puir lassie," he did not for- get Christine Johnstone's precept that "beez ness is bcezness." She looked at thc ring with longing eyes, half tempted not to make the sacrifice at ell, when she was startled by a voice beside her. "1 will buy the ring for $500, since the lady is so anxious to obtain a good price for it r Well did Fannie Gerrard know that voice, " though never before had she heard it ring with contemptuous scorn as it now fell upon her ear. With a strong inclination to scream, which she suppressed to a gasp, she turned and' in- voluntarily held out both hands, while a look of mingled amazement, delight and love shone in her face. Then, meeting nothing but a strange smile of scornful bitterness upon the features that had become to her those of a saint, and where, hitherto, she bad seen naught but glowing tenderness, she drew back as though stung. One piteous look she gave toward the old man, who stood watching his strange patrons with an absorbed interest, then she shuddered, reeled, and would have fallen to the floor had not Mr Blaikie caught her in his arms. He bore her into an adjoining parlor, and calling his daughter, left the fainting girl in bur care and returned to where Dr. Raymond stood, with a pale, set face, gnawing his mustache. " Is the young lady better Î I am a physi- cian. Can I be of any use professionally ? "Soyou are her lover-the lad who was lost at Bea Í" said Dugald Blaikie, not noticing the question. " What do you know about me-or her !" Raymond asked, sharply. " Enough to know that you have caused sufficient trouble and grief by your absence without breaking the bairn's heart altogether, now that you have come back. Hech, mon," continued Dugald, falling into broad Scotch, under the influence of excitement, "naiad ever had less cause for cauldness or suspeec iou !" Harry Raymond's lip trembled and his face flushed. " You do not understand," he said. " She was my betrothed wife, and I return to find her-married !" "Married?" exclaimed Dugald, blankly. ' "Yes, married to a wealthy dotard, and anxious to get rid of that ring lest she should be disturbed by unpleasant associations.". ' And as ho thus expressed this suggestion of his fevered fancy his voice was rowell in resentful passion. Thc bewildered girl heard the words, and standing in the doorway with a face of marble pallor and her slender figure proudly erect, she said: "You are strangely mistaken, Mr Ray- mond. I am not married, nor ever have been. I wished to sell my ring because I was in absolute need of money. However, it is yours now, without any equivalent 1" And with a haughty bend of the head, she would have passed him by ; but Harry sud- denly turned and caught her in his arms, and before she could protest, she waa seated on the sofa in good old Dugald Blaikie's parlor with her repentant lover at her feet. "Oh, forgive me, darling-pray forgive me !" he pleaded. *' I was hastening to find you immediately on my arrival, when I waa told that you were recently married I But I was mad-wicked to doubt you, and throw myself on your mercy !" And he seized the little hands, nervously clasped together, aud covered them with kisses. "It was my cousin," she answered reproach- fully. "Ah ! but I knew naught of her, and to me, sweetheart, there is but one Fannie Gerrard in all the wide world." 