THE STORYTELLER. THE DOCTOR'S FAIR PATIENT. BY SAMUEI, SIIIOSS. CHAPTER VIL Miss Lord ay-always accompanied by her mother-came at regular intervalsto see the doctor. Upon each occasion, when leaving, Blie took with her a bouquet of fi&wers;, and it became quite a matter of course that some of the choicest products of Mr. Hillington's garden, tasteful fy arranged by Blanche, should be sent in to Charlie on the mornings when the " fair patient "-eame. Blanche behaved very well in the matter, and, truth to say, was rather pleased to lind that her. taate in matters lioral was so well appreciated. But sometimes she became troublesome, and told her brother " that if he was so stupid as to be smitten with a girl he knew nothing about, she (Blanche) was not going to have anything to do with the affair." But Charlie always managed to talk his sLiter into a good humour, and so the Uower-gathering and arranging went on apace. Aa for Mrs. Lorday, her prejudice was vanishing fast. " 1 think Dr. Hiduigton is a very clever young man, Agnes," she said, as they tvere driving from Charlie's door one day. " I always thought so, mamma." "Ah, yes; but that was mere impulsive ness, my dear,"said the mother, impressively. " You will lind by experience tiiat one cannot be too cautious iu forming an opinion." "I'm glad you are convinced at last, mamma," said Miss Lorday, smiling at her mother's " saving clause." " I am always open to conviction. No one more so. 1 did not care for the young fellow at first; but he is really clever. I shall re commend him." (Surely Charlie's fortune was new as good as made.) The consultations became more of the nature of friendly visits. Millingtou had a few twinges of conscience when he thought that there was no earthly reason, from a medical point of view, why he should see Miss Lorday so frequently, but still ho felt that be must see her, arid' that he could not see her too oftea lie was iu love with his "fair patient" So far, nothing love like had transpired be tween the two. It is rather a difficult butter to commence love-making when the young lady's mamma is always present Unless it happen that the mamma is beut on match miking. Now Mrs. Lorday had no matrimonial de signs upon Charlie. As the days passed, Millington's love increased, and when Mrs. Lorday told him that they were anxious to return home as soon as possible be began to grow des perate. While he was in this state Miss Millington dropped in one day to see him. . As they were chatting, Charlie Baid jocu larly '. Isn't this house almost too big for a bachelor, Mary?" , " You'd better look out for a wire, then, was the answer. - . . , " "Suppose now. I were to get married, said Charlie, easily, as if the id -a had just struck him, "what would you all say?" "That would depend, you know, upon your choice," wfts.the fcuarded reply. " DonVyou think. 1, might be trusted to clioose lor jnybelfT" "PerhapsI" ' Y ? ? «. Ah! That weftpa, that I ought; to acfluttiBt x^tt vrtth'InU particulars concerning lor iate&aed; wife ; awl then, if tl#y satisfactory, 'go in and win.' la that your idea. Maty f' "1 don't know," replied Miss "Millington, but I think you ought to consult us, Charlie." "You think so! Well, let me see, thU {night be better still. Suppose I draw up a list-with all the necessary information of a number of eligible young ladies. Then it might be put ti> the vote. llow would that do?" Charlie still spoke jauntily, as though he were not more than half-serious. " X don't think such a course would be at all necessary," said Miss Millington with a smile. "Neither do I, Mary!" said her brother, emphatically. ? "But, Charlie?" "Yes, Mary." " You're not going to get married-are you ? You're not in love, surely !" " I didn't say I was," said Charlie laush ing. " But no one knows what may happen. A man falls in love suddenly sometimes. On her way home, Miss Millington could not help thinking that it was rather strange of her brother to introduce the subject of matrimony so abruptly; albeit he spoke jokingly. She mentioned the subject to her mother and sister, and referred to the conversation she had with Charlie. " I wonder if he is really in love?" said Miss Millington. " Of course he is!" the speaker was Blanche. " Indeed! What makes you say so Blanche?"said Mrs. Millington. " Because 1 kuow !" was"the characteristic answer. " Since you have so much information Blanche, perhaps you wont mind telliug us the name of our intended sister-in-law," said Laura in cold, cynical tones. Blanche looked round the room with a triumphant smile. " Do you want to know her name?" she said. " Why Miss Lorday to be sure!" " Miss Lorday !" was the simultaneous ex clamation of the three astonished ladies. . r you know, Blanche J" asked m," Miliington rather severely. ILcKupon lilauche, nothing loth, entered into particulars. She told how she had Buspected something ?l herS(? How she had determined to see f ni lr P'ltlent>a_n£l further that she had Kept Charlie supplied with flowers knowing all tlife lime where they were going. She said that she had asked her brother, point blank, if he was in love, bnt though he would not actually say " yes," he would not deny She finished by sayina;, "I'm sure of it ! i know it-and papa ought to be told !" The story, which lost nothing in the telling eiusea a sensation. A family council was lield and, as the result, Mrs. Alillington re peated B.anche s statement to her liusbaud tnat evening. Mr. Miliington listened to his spouse very complacently. finished1WaS ll5s remark wliea felle bad \Nhy, John!" said Mrs. Miliington, sur prised at such apathy, " we must see Charlie at once. I don t think so. You needn't make a about it. 'I he boy is bare to fall in love someday. w \es» but fancy!-a perfect stranger! j^ee., kuow uotning about her-neither does "As to that, Charlie's no fooL lias he spoken to you about tills?"' "No-not a word." " Well then, why take any further notice ot a uit or girls gossip ?" Tir'.K18. more.lhaP John," said Mra. jmlungton, who had taken her younsest (laughter s story very much to heart. iilanche understands Charlie better than any of us. dor^0aS ' ^ut w^at j'oa u'ant me to ' " You must speak to him." i '^0t I< said Mr. Miliington, laughing, I m not going to treat him like a schoolboy just because he is polite to one or ms patu-nts." Mra. Miliington was convinced that there was something more than politeness, so far as her son was concerned. She did not imagine for a moment that Charlie would be guilty of such a terrible sin as that of * marrying beneath him." Still it was only to be expected that uis mother should be anxious to get at the real facts of the case. Now, a marriage betweeu Charlie and Miss Ogilne would have pleased all parties. Mrs. Miliington had hoped for it, and had tried in many ways to encourage the match. The i doctor, however, would not "purr." regarding this unexpected aud startling news, Mrs. Miliington felt she could not rest until she knew the truth, and she told her husband so. "Well, then, go and see Charlie, my dear,' said Mr. Miliington, "you con talk to him of love atiaics much better than I can. There's no necessity lor me to meduJe." " Yes there is, John," said Mrs. Miliington decidedly. " You know Charlie can't marrv I yet until his practice ia established, and if he marries without your approval just think | of the endless trouble." | ( Mr.. Miliington allowed himself to be "talked over," and at last agreed that an evening should be appointed when his wife and himself would dine with Charlie : then the interesting topic could be introduced, and, if necessary, discussed. Should Blanche's story after all prove but a " bit of girls' gos sip " well and good, there would be no harm done. The doctor was quite pleased to entertain his parents. He-not knowing the.object o( their visit-wished very much to obtain their opinion upon his proba'de engagement This I would be a good qpportunity. Ithappeued that the time chosen was the evening o£ the last day of Miss Lorday's pro ' batiou. After dinner, as they were sitting together, Mr. Miliington said " By tlie way, Charlie ! Is that lady, who j has been consulting you about-her eyes, still under your care. Let me eee, what is her name again ?" Nothing could be better for Charlie. (He [ did not know that the question was part of a deeply-laid scheme ; neither did he notice that hjs mother was watching him I closely), " You mean Miss Lorday, "he Baid, brighten ing at tiie sound of her name (Mrs, . Miliington noted the look of pleasure), " she passes from my hands to-day-cured 1" He uttered the last word proudly. "I ought to have seen her to-day," he went onr '-but for some ressQU or other, she has not called." The non-appearance ot his patient had caused hpr medical adviser a vast amount of uneasiness. j " I must fcee ber in the moraing." added tUe doctyb . j.. ? ' Mrs. Miliington gate, her.haabatd a ekoUi, cant'glance. « . . ' . . '"It^w ratlier ® remarkable case,' wasn't " Don't go on," said Mr. Millington, putting up his hand, " neither your mother nor my self wish to hear professional secrets.' " ",I waa not going to reveal secrets," raid Charlie laughing, "however I hope you'll heat all about it irorn other sources-that'll be better perhaps." Where does Miss Lorday come from?* said Mrs. Millington. "FromKoonaoonn, Chumloigh's place. She was a patient of his." " Indeed! What sort of a young lady ia she!" This was Charlie's chance. He grew elo quent, and sang the praises of his patient with so much genuine enthusiasm that his mother became quite satisfied that he was in love. Mr. Millington, too, began to think that his so.n had more than a passing .interest in the young lady,and asked itdoctorB usually made such minute inquiries into the history of'their patients as Charlie had made. "In this instance the circumstances are peculiar," said Charlie. "You see, Chum leijsh had been treating Miss Lorday for more than a year unsuccessfully. lie then sent her tome. We've been in constant correspondence all along, at first in a friendly way, and then George showed so much friendly interest-he's very intimate with the family-that I became interested too, and begun to ask questions about the ladies-their position and so on." "Having regard to future fees, I suppose," said Mr. Millington, emiling. "Fees !" said Charlie contemptuously, "nothing of the sort, I never thought of them." " Oh, then you got interested out of pure love!" , '? Yes !-eh ?-what V said Charlie, be coming confused and blushing to the roots of his hair. " Love for your profession, ol course, I mean," said Mr. Millington, amused at hia son's embarrassment. "I wonder at L>r. Chumleigh writing so fully about a young lady" said Mrs. Hilling ton. "I don't; then," said Charlie, still looking very red in the face. "Miss Lorday is no ordinary woman." Evidently not," said. Mrs. Millington, with a touch of sarcasm. " Did George begin t>f impressing that upon you ?" "No, he did not. 1 found that oat for my self." Charlie spoke rather testily. He did not care to have his old friend criticised ad versely. When the time came-and Charlie was quite certain it would aoon«come-he would pour out his soul to his friend and tell him of the life-long debt of gratitude he owed to the man who had found a wife for him. " But tell me, Charlie," said Mr. Millington, settling himself in his chair, and twiddling his thumbs, " what's this new-fangled idea of yours ? Flower cure I suppose you call it." Flower care!" said Charlie, looking puzzled. Then, seeing his father's quizzical smile, he said, with a laugh, " Oh, I know what you mean-I suppose Hlanche has been telling you. lint, joking apart, the llower care, us you are pleased to call it, is not to be despised. lit a case like this the patient must be kept cheerful, an«l when 1 found Miss Lorday to be fond of iiowera I made her taste aid in her cure." "So my garden had to suffer, eh? I hope you're not goir.g to make this prescription a regular part of your practice." " I don't get such a patient every day," said Charlie Just then the door-be!I rang. " Hallo exclaimed Charlie. " Confound it! that's the worst of a doctor's life. You never know when you can have an evening to yourself." This was merely a bit of bounce. Charlie's nightwork had hitherto been of the smallest. A servant appeared, and said " the doctor was wanted in the surgery." Thither the doctor betook himself, but, to his surprise, as he entered the room Chum leigh advanced with outstretched hand to meet him! He was still further astonished to lind that George was accompanied by Miss Lorday! Clf Al'TER VIH. " Well, old fellow, " said Cfaumleigb, heartily; "you didn't cxpect to see me, eh ?" " Indeed I did not - nor Miss Lorday either," shaking hands with his patient " I was afraid you were not well as you did not come this morning-but that evidently was not the reason for your absence," he added, smiling. Nor wus it. Miss Lorday certainly looked the reverse of ill Charlie had never seen her looking so charming. If they could only he alone noiv for a few minutes the doctor would soon know his fate. It was rather remarkable though that Chumleigh should have come with her. Of course he wanted to see Millington about Something, and of course he was in a hurry. Charlie would get the interview over quickly, and then there woulc be the bliss of having Miss Lorday all to himself for a little. Chumleigh would not wish to be present "in consultation." The "case" was entirely Millington's. " Do you want to see me, George ?" said Charlie, looking in the direction of the wait ing-room. " Miss Lorday will excuse us, I've no doubt." " There's no need for that," said George. " I won't keep you long. I'm in my usual hurry, you know." So Millington was right George would go away Boon. There would be the additional delight of seeing Miss Lorday home ; it was to be hoped that she was not driving, but, even so, the night was line and he would dis miss the cab. Charlie's heart leaped for joy, and his face glowed with pleasure as this little plan passed rapidly through lits brain. After all, the surgery was, perhaps, not the most suitable place for a proposal Could it be possible that George himself had any idea of Charlie's feelings. Was this a little rose of his to get the "lovers" together. Milling ton would have done as much for Cham leigh. They must go into the waiting-room, hovr ever, But Chumleigh would none of the ar< rangenent. "No, no,"he said, "it's nob necessary." George seemed excited about something and anxious to talk. " I've no secrets," be said, " I can say all here. It's my fiault," he continued, speaking rapidly, " that Miss Lorday did not come this morning." Charlie smiled; his friend had arranged this after all. " I had to come to town, and I went to see how my ? patient was getting on. ' Oar' patient, you.icnow,Chariie. I am quite as interested as you are." Millington nodded. In his present frame of mind he was qaite willing to admit it, except that lie thought his " interest" was of a different nature to that of the speaker"* Well, I,was surprised, quite surprised. I could tiot have believed » possible. So I thought; we would come together and con gratulate you. And I do congratulate you Uiost heartily. You're a credit to the pro fession. You'll make a name h* your " Thank you, but don't make such a fuss about it,"'he added, trying to be modest, j et highly pleased at Chumleigh a heartiness. « the congratulations had come from Miss Lord ay's lips lie would have been wild wuli .Might, liut Miss Lorday sat silent. Perhaps she would have spoken, but Chumleigh did not give her an opportunity. _ ".And now. old chap, he continued, I want you to congratulate me." , . " Congratulate von !" said Charlie ; with all my heart. What for, though " I'm going to be married.' " Married !" said Millington, with a loolcol astonishment. Suspicion seized "niir>, for young love takes alarm easily. Had Millington been an accepted lover, his friend's announcement would not have troubled him much; he would have " wished hiin joy " straight away. But in the present state of his mind " imtn mony " was a topic which Charlie could not hear spoken ot with calmness. He gave a i{uick look across at Miss Lorday ; she imupht his look, and blushed " celestial rosy rcd»" 11 Yes, married," said Chunileipth, with a *lad smile. " Old fellow," he continued, putting bis hand on the other's shoulder, " I owe to your skill the fact that I am the happiest manalive." The " old fellow " did not receive this com pliment with any signs of pleasure, lie said nothing, but looked at George eagerly, in quiringly, as though he would like to know, and know quickly how such a tiling could ha. He was not kept long in suspense, for (ieorge continued, " I proposed to .Agnes a few months ago, but her health was'so indifferent that her mother would not consent to our engage ment. We were to wait and see what could be done in the way of a cure. Your skill triumphed, and now we are engaged, and are to be married soon. I've been following you all along, I knew how waiters were going, and I couldn't wait any longer; that's why 1 came up. So now its all seuled, and we're rioing back to-morrow." Charlie listened like a man in a dream. The thought that the girl he loved was lost j to him for ever seemed to paralyse both mind and action. When George ceased I speaking, Millington stood (botli the men had been standing throughout the conversation) as if turned to stone. He had a dazed, help less iojk on his i'ueo. Chumleigh, cak-hiug sight of his friend s face, and not being able to aceountfor the sudden change in demeanour, said iu some concern, What's up, Charlie? You look as it! you'd 6een a ghost!" | "Ah!" exclaimed Jlillington, giving a short, | sharp gasp, while a look as ot paiu darted j arros6 his face, " It's nothing-nothing." I .'Don't tell me that," said George, se riously. " You're not ill, are you ?" '"No, no," replied Charlie. "I've been jvervrorking, I think, and its just a passing Jizninees. I'll sit down." He sat down in a chair bee'ule tiie table, and leaned his head ou his hand. "Ycu must be careful, old man," said Chumleigh, taking the other's statement in 6ober earnest. " I'm glad to hear your practice is increasing, but don't go breaking down for pity's sake. You timet take a j little change. Come and see me for a bit. By the way," he continued, the lover peeping I forth again, " I want you to be uiy best I man." j Agony upon agony. To stand by and see j her married to another ! Impossible ! i Charlie tried to smile and said something! about " being really too busy just now." | "As to that," said George gaily, 'Mi.ore's! plenty of time yet. I'll see you njain about it, | slid we'll arrange everything. We r.iu-t be j aff now, there's packing u;i an] ail thai sort j af thing to do. The train goes a: i iy in the ' morning, you know. Good bye. oM lellnvv j Chumleigh continued, shaking his uv. nJ's jand. " Take care of yourseh now. <'->:i't ivork so hard, rest a i it. I'll never im^et ; .bat I owe all my happiness to }vu. it's aj .'act; 1 do indeed." | This was turning the tables with a veil- j ^eance. Hem was Ciia:iilei.;!i actualiy <:^n- j .iratulatin? Millington on the very thing ; sbout which Millingtun had intended to congratulate Chumleigh ! .' But, I say !" said George, a little piyjed at what he considered Charlie's itr.mge apathy, " ain't you going to congratulate us 1 1 thought you'd be plcaied to bear about it." Millington pulled himself together a little, and really tried his best to look pleased. But he made a p »or attempt at it. He muttered something about " much happi ness," and somehow-he never could tell how, for everything seemed misty and hazy look leave of his visitors. He went back to the surgery to recover himself before returning to his parents. Sitting down at his table lie buried his face in his hands, and remained motionless for Home minutes, lie felt utterly miserable. This was the end of it all. His castle in the air had come tumbliugdown abonL him. Ills dream of happiness had resulted iu a rude awakening. It was certainly a crushing blow, and he began, in his first moments of bitterness, to blame Chumleigh for not telling him before-nay, more, he evea cursed hie Iriend. ITe thought of that conversation in Tcan mere soon after hid return from England. Here it was all explained ; it must have been ibout that time that George proposed to Miss Lorday. Charlie could understand Chum leigh's " disinterested" action now. And he had thought so highly of his friend too; it was very galling to be duped so. In all this Charlie was unreasonable. He really had no ground for coniplaiut He could not expect George to make a confidant of him respecting his love affairs. Chumleigh by announcing his engagement when he did had Baved Millington the pain of a refusal But Charlie did not reason so. "Love," they say," conquers all," including, we suppose, common-sense and reason. If a successful lover does not atop to reason, certainly a disappointed man docs not-at any rate, while tne disappointment is keen. Chumleigh told his fiancte that he was rather surprised at the cold, unsympathetic manner in which Charlie had taken the news. Probably Miss Lorday could have told her lover the reason for the coolness. Per haps she did tell him. A woman does not need a man to say in so many words that he Juts something mote than a friendly regard for her. Ot ix>ane Charlie's ill-feeling for George did not continue long. When he was able to ltolc the matter fairly in the face, he saw Chumleigh had borne off the prize which he had fondly regarded, on very alight within his grasp ro entitled, and that1 to be said. But josti now; of the-blow was heavy opon yfflptopitoB wm very bitter. 'Bnt fo'wwe faimscK and Feeling utterly wrefcchWL to go thither, bat uot ygppffiija fajmadso excuse to beurged in explanation of his altered maimer and appearance. During liia absonce Mr. and Mrs. Mill ins ton had dccided that tliey had heard enough to justify their suspicions, and so Chailie was to be questioned seriously on his return, and formally charged-for Mrs. Millington regarded her son almost in the light of an offender - with being in love with his patient. liut when he entered the room, all such in tentions were put aside, and_ Mrs. Milling ton's motherly sympathy was Cully aroused at sight ol him. " Why, Charlie !" she exclaimed in alarm. "What ever is the matter? llow miserable j'ou look, are you ill Y" " I've sot toothache, that's all mother,' said the doctor putting liis hand to his face. "It's a hollow tooth, that gives me trouble sometimes, 1 had to btand at the door for a few minutes and the cold has got in it (It was summer- time end the night was warm.) " Dear me I" Baid Mrs. Millington, " what made you do such a thing ! Ate you in much pain?" " It's not very much. It'll be all right by the morning," replied Charlie with a ghastly attempt at a smile. He knew it would take a. good many morning* before he was "all " Can I do anything for you ?" " No, 110. thanks." replied Charlie, shaking his head, " I must see a dentist about it to morrow. In the meantime the best place for me is bed. I'm sorry to spoil your evening," lie continued, " but yi.u won't mind letLing me alone will you? 1 really must lie down a bit" Mrs. Millington was loth to leave her S"ii like this. liut Charlie assured iiis mother that she could be of no assistance. It was no use, be could not sit still and talk while he had a gnawing pain-not at hi.s tooth, for he had not ail unsound one ia his head-but at his heart, lie became so anxious for his lather and mother to go, and at last lie showed so much irritation that they left him. Mrs. Millington in great concern, and reluctantly; for she was sure she could have done something for her son's relief. So they did go at last, and Charlie was left, as he wished to be, alone. Mrs. Millington told her daughters that she had left their brother '.very much upset" (which was a fact) and "mad with tooth ache" (which was not a fact). Dr. Millington threw himself info work He began to be talked about: the particulars of Miss Lord ay's "case" became known, and Charlie's practice increased. It was a for tunate tiling because it kept him from brood ing ever his disappointment lie read a paper before the medical society he sighed like a furnace while he was writing t)on "A Case of Asthenopia from Short Sight," and he received many compliments from his learned audience on the erudition and skill displayed therein. Of course the family sooa got to know of Miss Lorday's engagement. "There you are," said Mr. Millington, "'just a bit of girls' gossip-as 1 said." They were all glad tc lind events turn out so, and as the doetor never spoke of his " fair patient" except in the most casual manner the 6ubject scon dropped. Of course Charlie never breathed a word concerning the occurrence in his surgery on that memorable evening. He woui(Tnever forget it. and perhaps in after years he might even be able to speak about it with calmness. But not yet. In due time Cluimleigh's wedding took pl.a co, but Mining ton w.-is not present in any capacity. He could not bring himself to wit ness the cercmony. lie sent- a handsome present to the bri<:e, though, and heartfelt congratulations to the wedded pair-all his ha^ty bitter feeling against Chumieigh had Xone 1 oig ago. But he was "really loo busy" he said to come to Koondoona. As to whether Miss Ogiivie will become Mis. Dr. Millington remain* to be proved. BiaiK-he sometimes seeks to discover the suite of her br<«thcr'.s feelings in that direc tion. But he v.ill never give her any satis factory answer. To her oft-repeated query, " Are you evfr uoing to get married, Charlie!" he always replies " I don't know, Blanche. But lam in love, deeply in love, with my profession." THE KND. 