AN IMPORTANT VIEW. THE town clerk of Echuca, Mr. C. E. Pascoe, a municipal officer of great experi ence, in a statement prepared by him has shown that the borough of Echuca will be a heavy loser, if tho Licensing Bill should be passed into law. It appears that there are 47 licensed houses there, the fees from which amount to £1,175. Those from wine and spirit merchants', grocers', browers', and temporary licenses amount to £151. Mr. Pascoe points out that the total income of the borough is £2,915, which is made up by £1,326 from license fees, and £233 from rates on licensed premises, and £1,485 from rates on other properties. Thus tho licensees contribute half tho total amount within £5. It is necessary to say that £115 of the fees is claimed by tho Government. "Under the new bill the 47 hotels in Echuca might bo reduced to eleven. "Mr. Pascoo antici pates," it is stated "that the deterioration in value of the closed houses and other results, would cause a loss of £140 rates, and after 1890 the total los3 of all license fees would mean an annual loss of £1,351. This would necessitate a rate of at least 2s in tho pound, in placo of the existing rate of Is in the pound." Now a calculation that will apply to Echuca will apply approxi mately to many other places, and the fact has to be faced that five years hence, when the endowment to municipalties by way of compensation for the loss of license fees will cease, the burden of local taxation will bo greatly increased if not actually doubled. The revenues of corporations generally will suffer considerably from the reduced value of premises at present licensed, and the consequent decrease in the amount of rates would bo felt as soon as the abolition clauses of tho bill were brought into opera tion. Tho fact, in short, is that the ratepayers will have to pay pretty dearly for the privilege of reducing the num ber of public-houses to the proposed statutory limit. Of course the sup porters of the bill will say that , this con sideration ought not to weigh with people who will be benefited by the closing of houses. But the difficulties of local govern ment will be greatly increased, and its enhanced costliness will fall heavily on the poorer sections of the ratepayers. Is there any remedy for this state of things ? Because if there is not, the effects of the operation of the proposed new law should be well thought ovor by legislators and property- holders. Mr. Pascoe shows clearly what they may bo expected to be, and a very seriouB aspect is put on tho matter, which everyone must see the necessity of viewing with careful prescience and con sideration. Cablkgkams.-Cholera is increasing in virulonce in Spain, and upwards of a thousand deaths are reported daily from various pacts of the country. CITT Impbovejients.-Now that tho Public Buildings are approaching completion, so far. at least as the exterior work is concerned, levels Tore being taken in connection with tho approaches, and tho handsome iron fence which is intended to finish off tho appearance of the buildings. , In view of this intention of tho Government the council will have to bring themselves face to face with tho inevitable project for widening Pall Mall by 33 feet, and erecting an iron fence after the fashion of that to bo erected in connection with tho buildings. _ A fino wido asphalte footpath, and the formation of the extra width of roadway, besides planting it with trees, will have to bo talcon into consideration also. Such an improvement as wo have indicated eomes under the head of works of a general character, ani the expense should bo borne by the ratepayers of the three wards. As it was part of the original scheme that on the erec tion of tho Public Buildinga, Pall Mall should bo widened to its full width, the ratepayers will, no doubt, readily co-operate with the council in an effort to finish off tho principal street of the city in a way worthy of the place. The ways and means are of course n primary consideration, but if, as in this ease it is, the work is of urgency and import ance, wo have no doubt tho required expenditure will be williDgiy granted, ma though a email addition to the into be necessitated., The widen ing out of Pall Mall as Charing Cross is approached will in all probability be considered at the same time, and the four or five tall trees which have too long rendered the turning from View-street dangerously sharp to vehicles, will be among the things of the past. ? Tin: INWARD Mail'.-Tho, R,M.S,S, Pekin from Colombo arrived at Albany at 0.30 p.m. yos iordayi , ... , EXECUTIVE COUNCIL.- At a meeting of the Executive Council, held yesterday afternoon (writes our Melbourne correspondent) the resigna- tion of Mr. R. Richardson, M.L.A., of his posi- tion as a member of that body, was received and accepted. The following appointments were made in connection with the Defence Department, and were confirmed by orders In Council:-Major Fellows and Lieutenant Inglis to be members of the standing military court under the Discipline Act). In addition to Colonel Walker, Captain Ballingor, and Lieutenant Otter, previously ap- pointed. The following gentlemen were ap- pointed to be probationary lieutenants unattached, viz., W. Beilby, A. W. Bennett, H. H. Chalmers, G. A. Eddie, G. Gross, W. H. Hannah, J. E. Hunt, C. G. G. Hylton, J. W. H. Lugg, A. H. Thurlby, R. Wallace, G. White, A. W. Williams, O. E. Wilson. THE Em-hot OF THE NEW LICENSING BILL IS ECHUOA,- Mr. C. E. Pascoe, town clerk of Echuca, has prepared a statement with regard to the pro posed Licensing Act, so far as it seems to affect the municipal furids of the,borough. There aro at present 47 hotels in it, the liceileeS of which pay fees amounting to £1,175, and rates amounting to £233, a total of £1,408. From wine and spirit merchants', grocers', brewers', and temporary licences, a revenue of £187 is derived, making a total of £1,595 derived from license fees and rates, less £115, which the Government claims. Tho total borough income from rates and licenses is £2,915, and of this amount £1,480 is paid by licensed premises, tho balance, £1,485, beingderived from rates on other properties. The new proposals would reduce the number of hotels, in the borough toll. Tho losses of annual rates would be at least £140, and after 1890, the total loss of all licenso faesi etc.j would mean an annual loss of municipal infc'oillij dlone rif. £1,351 j which Would compel at least a rate of 2s, in plat& of Represent of only Is. According to Mr. Pascoe the fosideiit p->{7ulation of Echuca consists of 4,500 souls, floating popula tion, consisting of travellers, farmors, . steamboat hands, drovers, etc., during the year estimated at 25,500 souls; total Bouls accommodated approxi mately, say 30,000. Ho recommends that munici palities be given an additional endowment for tho actual losses of rates and fees thoy sustain, year by year, such losses to be ascertained byncompetent court-for a time at all events coVarm'c the ! currency of all loans due by the municipalities. Ha also thinks there should be some kind of sliding scale, as the hard and fast rule laid down would not suit all places. For instance- Echuca has only 4,500 residents, but during the year some 25,000 farmers, steamboat hands, etc., visit the borough, and it is for their convenience, and not for the 4,500 residents alone, tho hotels have been established. Prahran has 27,000 residents, but he presumes there aie but comparatively few, other than residents, visit that municipality, yet Echuca would -be entitled to only 11 hotels, whereas Prahran would ba entitled to 5G, and so on with other places. PARLIAMENT.-Parliament will ba busy this week (says the Argus). The Legislative Council will ait to-day and Thursday, adjourning over Wednesday on nccount of the dinner at Government House on that day. The principal bills for consideration v. ill ba the Explosives Bill and Uilla of Lading Bill, which have eadh beeii read & second titne and committed. The Acting-;}"udgo of Supreme Court Bill and Public Buildings Fire Protection Bill, re ceived from the Assembly, are down on thfl notice paper for their second readings. In the Assembly the debate on the second reading of the Licensing Bill will be commenced to-day by Mr. Bent, who moved the adjournment last Tuesday, and it will ; be continued during the week. It is not proposed to place any other Government business of import ance befor the House until progress has been made with this measure/ The House will not ait on Wednesday after tha refreshment hour. The Merchant Shipping Bill willprobably be circulated 1 this week. IMPORTANT DEPUTATIONS.-To-morrow at noon a d&putation; representing the tannin?; industry of tho district, will wait upon tho Commissioners of Railways to urge that a substantial reduction be made in the freight charged for tanning materials. Another deputation will wait upon the Commis sioners on I'riday at 11.15 a.m., to urge that the Swan Hill line bo pushed on. The arrangements for this deputation have boen made by Mr. Henderson, secretary, of the Swan Hill Railway Leiguo. On the same day at noon a deputa tion of irrigat:onists will interview the Premier. This will be one of the largest deputa tions ever seen ia Melbourne. They pro ceed to Melbotirno in a special excursion train known as tho Irrigation Train, and as return tickets at cheap rates have been issued, the train will be well patronised. The deputation is the outcome of the Water Convention held at Kerang last April, and tho resolutions carried at that con vention will be urged upon the Government. Tho tram leaves Sandhurst at 12.35 p.m. on Thursday. ANOTHER BBRGLAKV AT KANGAROO FLAT. Shortly before 4 o'clock on Sunday morning, " Pine Villa," the residence of Mr. J. Allan, County Court ofticcr, at Kangaroo Flat, was burglariously entered, and a quantity of goods valued at £6 stolen. At about the hour mentioned Mr. Allau's housekeeper, who Bleeps in a detached room from the hoiiBe, was awakened by hearing an unusual noise, and, on opening the door, saw that the door loading into tho kitchen had been broken open. Just thon two men rushed past, carrying tho stolen property. An ulann was raised, and Mr. Allan immediately wont down to the police station, which is only about two minutes' walk away, and informed Mounted-Constable Alli's of the occurrence. An examination of the kitchen door subsequently showed that it had been prized open, and amongst the articles Btolen were a large qu tntity of bacon and ham, some rice and articles of clothing. The robbers left no clue, however, which would lead to their identification. Some dissatisfaction exists amongst the residents of the Flat at the number of robberies which have been committed thero lately, and the insufficiency of police protection. "HE IS INNOCENT."-This was tho plea of an old woman of not very PREPOSSESSING appearance at the City Police Court yesterday, named Fanny Anderson, who, in company with her '. man," David Lawson, was charged with having stolen a clock, valued at 12s (id, from the house of a woman named Fitch. "Fanny" seeing tho owner of tho house going cut took French leave to enter, and abstracted the clock, which she soon got rid of at Beaver's pawnshop. Information having been given to the police, she was apprehended and lodged in the lockup. Lawson, who was seen in her company at tho time of tho robbery, was also arrested. During tho hearing of the case Fanny repeatedly kept urging on the bench the male prisoner's innoconce, and clasping her hands, re marked that he was as innocent as the magistrate himself. Mr. Webster could not see it, however, and gave each of them three months on the hill. THE QIIKENSCLIFF MUTINY.-Our Melbourne correspondent writeB:-The Minister of Defence is not yet in possession of any information of an official character relative to tho alleged mutiny amongst the members of the Permanent Artillery Corps at Queenscliff, the matter being still in the hands of the Commandant. A full investigation of the wholo of the circumstances will be com menced at the Victoria Barracks on Tuesday before the Standing Military Court specially ap pointed under tho provisions of the Discipline Act. The members of the court are Col. Walker, Cap tain Ballinger, and Lieutenant Otter. The finding of this tribunal will be reported to tho Com mandant, who in his turn will report to tho Minister. STATE SCHOOL EXAMINATION.-The results of the examination by the inspector. Dr. Philp, of tho scholars attending tho Quarry Hill State school havo been made up, and are very satisfac tory, tho number passed averaging 91"001 percent. This result is very creditable to Mr. W. Watkins and his staff of assistants, more particularly as thoy were placed at rather a disadvantage in having a number of new scholars just entered on their rolls when the additions to the school were made only a short time back. VOLUNTEER MILITIA.-There was a parade of A company last evening. Tho muster was not very satisfactory, only about 60 of all ranks being present. The company having been inspected, was drilled in tho manual and firing exorcises by Lieutenants Rogers and Kirby. It was sub sequently marched to Charing Cross, where it was put through a variety of company movements by the samo officers. There will be a half-day bat talion parade to-morrow, commencing at 4 o'clock, when a large attendance is expected. YOUTHFUL DEPRAVITY.-It is very seldom indeed that any mother has to apply to a bench of magis trates for an order to prohibit publicans supplying her son with drink at tha oarly age of sixteon years, but such an application was made at the City Police Court yesterday. The applicant was a woman named Trawan, a resident of Sheepwash. She stated that her son, John, was soiling wood for hor, and of late he almost invariably after having disposed of tho wood got drunk on the money ob tained. The bonch granted an order that no publican whatever should supply the lad with liquor for a period of 12 months. THE LIOENSING BILL CONDEMNED.-Our Mel bourne correspondent writes The City Council decided yesterday afternoon to petition Parliament against the passing of tho Licensing Bill in its present shape. It seems that the objection which weighs most with the city fathers ia that tho measure will havo the effect of seriously affecting the corporation revenue. At present hotels yield £9,525 per annum, a large sum being also derived from wine and spirit merchants and brewers. The bill came in for good round abuso by Cr. Anderson, w^OIS not tha least outspoken man in the city bear pit, as one leading paper hero used irre verently to describe the City Council meetings. Mr. Anderson was able for once, at all events, to agree with a wearer of the blue, the Rev. J. Dowie, who had described the bill as a sham. The reso lution to petition tha Assembly was not carried unanimously, but the minority was a small one, being Aid. Ham and Cr. Dodgshun. COMPLIMENTARY BENEFIT. - An amateur per formance, under the patronage of the Gol'len squarq Fire Brigade and the Sandhurst City Drum and Fife Band, was given in St. James' Hall last evening, by the Sandhurst Garrick Club, assisted by sevaral well-known amateurs, for the benefit of little Bertie Wells, the smallest amateur in Sand hurst, who lias on numerous occasions given his assistance at charitable and other performances. The concert last evening was to raise funds so that the lad may continue his musical studies. There was a very good attendance, the body of the hall being well filled. Tho performance opened with an overture, which was creditably rendered by the Sandhurst City Drum and Fife Band. Tho well known two act comedy "The unfinished gentle man," was produced by the members of the Garrick Club, the various characters being taken by Messrs. Fraukland Goate3, F. J. Tato, Rogers, J. Windas, J. K. Coates, James, Dalton, and .Tones, and Misses Howard and Dobson, Mr. R. T. Walton, as stage manager, d'scharged his onerous duties satisfactorily. Tho per foruwnca went OFI very EUGS^SIUUY, TBS pcrionrii'r:" accmittipg themselves creditably/ The second portion 6? the programme consisted of a concert, when the following vvrogramme was^gone through Overture by the band* song, " Our Jack's come home to-day," Little BertJe?. comic sketch, Mr. D. Brown; song, "Sailing,'' 51*!'. Green; song, "Tho. Pea is England's glory;" sons, "The Oid J'nglind and the New," Mr. W. Brad ley; recitation, " The Vagrari£ hia Dog." T/iit; and clog dance, Mr. CmminghaijA .The last named gentleman was warmly applauded tot V>i,s daii'Jing, while Little Bertie was encored for his song, and ;"n response gave " Tim Flaherty." Mr. Brown fairly brouj.'h't; down the house with his comic sketches. During We interval Little Bertie came forward on the stage, iitrd jn a neat little speech thanked the public for their fritron age, and those ladies and gontlemen who K.'d assisted in making the affair such a success. Mr. Bocklematj, iss pianist, gave every satisfaction. . THE RAILWAY S'Spprwtbndents.-The " Ho raid'' says Tho Kailway implcyes on the South Suburban and Gippsland lines have nisfted leave of tho (Commissioners to present Mr W. A. SxoctOJ tiio'if lato District Traffic Superintendent, with a testimonial, as rt mark of their appreciation of him, and the impartial infinjier in which he has doalt with them, during his tefivtre of office on those lines. The Commissioners rctijjnfeinjf that har mony and goodwill are the first esseniM-i to snpe rior departmental discipline have consented1 tft- the proposal. The same employes also purpose giving a testimonial to Mr Henderson, who occupied the position of chief clerk in Mr Moore's office, and who is now transferred with the latter to Sand liiirst, LICENSING Couirr.- Mr. G. Webster presided at this court yesterdaj',- and granted transfers of license from J. Butler to E. Young for the New Chum Reef Hotel, Thistlo-street; and from Eliza Cushion to Edward James Venl for the Liverpool Hotel, Kangaroo Flat. The court then adjotfrfled. THE LICENSING BILL.-His Lordship Dr. Reville has stated that it will bo impossible for him to take part in the meeting in connection with tho Licensing Bill, to be held on the 3rd of August, as he will be absent from Sandhurst on that day. In any event he would prefer not taking part in a meeting political in character. THE BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH, LONO GCLLT. The ba2:>ar'in aid of tho building fund of the Bible Christian Sabbath School, Long Gully, was closed on Saturday night last, and resulted in the very satisfactory sum of £108 2s Gd. Tho com mittee convey theJr thnijks to tho_ many kind friends who have helped tfletff fn their efforts. YOUNG OFFENDERS.-¥or somo few weeks past the police magistrate has on a Monday, had eare ral batches of youngsters before him for shang haing and throwing stones. Amongst the half dozen presented yesterday morning were three srilall boys named A. Thomas, J. Gardiner and W. Harr:s.- T'he complaint was that they were caught thrmvinft' stones at an engine house, at Monument Hill, one the way home from school. Each of the youngsters was not more than about five years of age and one would imagine could not have been capable of throwing a stone more than a few yards. A fine of 5s, with 2s 6d co;ts wa3 inflicted. SHAKESPEARE SOCIETY. - Last evening the usual monthly meeting of the Shakespeare Society was held at the Mechanics' Institute, when there £'ns a pood atte&iafic;?'; The president, Mr. J. H. Abbott, occupied tlib rfrarr. j The III. and V. acts of Julius Cresar were reiiu fey those present, tlio parts being allotted as follow .Brutus, Mr T. J. Connelly; Antony, Mr Palliser; Octair'itis and Strato, Mr J. G. Sauerbroy; Servant, Mr .T. H. Abbott; C:esar and Lucilius, Mr J. B. Young; Deoius and Pindarus, Mr P. Robin; Cassius and Publius, Mr J. G. Olipliant; Messala and Dardanius, Mr R. Jonos; Clitus and Me felluS, Mf C. ' Cohen; Trobonius and Popi lius, Mf (3. Msickajj Artemidorus, Volum nius" and the 4th Citizen^ Mr D. G. Coope; Sootlisayfer, 1st Citizen, 2nd and Sfrd Citizen, Mr W. Davis- Cirina, Mr W. Creethj and Oato, Dr Colquolioiiu. Mr W. Davis read a paper cti "Some of Shakespeare's Ghos'ts," nnd Mr Oliphant read a paper 011 " Shakespeare's tstiiiiato of Jrilius C.-ssar," both papers being very favorably received. A discussion 011 the play followed, in which Messrs. Oliphant, Connelly, Coope andDavis took part, after which a vota of thanks was accorded to Messrs. Oliphant and Davis. It was decided to read the 1st, 3rd and 5th acts of " Romeo and Juliet " at the next meeting of the society. THE VICTORIAS MILITARY SCHOOL -A report on tho School of Military Instruction for the year ended 30th June last has been received by the Minister of Defence (says the Argus). It says that altogether the system has proved satisfactory, and the attendances have been good, both officers -and non - commissioned officers having eagerly avixiled'thomselves of the opportunity of increasing their military knowledge. A schedule attached to the report shows that 70 officers and 12(i N.C. officers from Melbourne, 10 officers and 24 N.C. officers from Sandhurst and Castlemaine, 12 officers and 45 N.C. officers from Ballarnt, and five officers and 10 N.C. officers from Geelcmg and the Western district have attended the school. Of 60 officers examined as candidates for commissions 56 passed,' Fifty-one officors of the late volunteer force were examined for confirmation of commis sions, and 50 passed; 4S of the officers appointed to tho Militia similarly examined passed with three exceptions, and 19 out of 23 examined for pro motion were successful. Forty two second and 3L third class certificates ware awarded to N.C. officers. MARONG PLOUGHING MATCH.- The annual Marong _ ploughing match will take place to morrow in Mr. H, Wilson's paddock, Marong. The prizes for the occasion will be equal to £54. THE LICENSING BILL.-The monster meeting of tho citizens rc tho new Licensing Bill will bo held on Monday next, at the Masonic Hall. Cr. Harkness will take tho chair at eight o'clock, and resolutions will be moved in favor of the bill. A CHILD LOST IN' THE BUSH.-The Maryborough correspondent of the "Herald" says:-The gravest anxiety is felt at Avocaand Percydalo, consequent upon the loss on Saturday morning of a little child named Turner, aged 3 years, from the latter place. The bush into which it is supposed the poor little waif has strayed, is very thick there abouts, several spurs of the Pyrenees intersecting it and old mining shafts being numerous in the clearings. Largo search parties were out, both on Saturday and Sunday, without success, and it has now been determined to send for the black trackers. Unfortunately, however, by the time they can arrive it is more than probable the poor little one will have perished, if not found in the interim. MR. FARNELL AND THE NEW SOCTH WALES GOVERNMENT.-An Arrrus telegram says that Mr. Farnell, the Minister of Lands, visited Newcastle and Lambton on Saturday. A dinner was given in the evening to Mr. N, Melville, one of the members for the district, the Minister of Lands being present. Mr. Farnell, in responding to the toast of the Ministry, took occasion to refute the statement recently circulated with reference to alleged dissensions in the Ministry. There wa3, he said, no disagreement whatever betweeu his colleagues and himself. They were all personal as well as political friends. He did not know a Government that worked together with more unanimity, and more harmoniously than the pre sent one had done. ECIIUCA AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL ASSO CIATION.-The ordinary monthly meeting of the above association was held on Saturday (says the Hivcrinc. Herald). Mr. Broom stated that Mr. M. O'Shanassy had promised a donation of £1010s for special prizes, and Mr. Alexander Warren, man ager of Mr. O'Shanassy's Madowla Park Estate, a special prize of £5 53. It was decided that £5 os of Mr. O'Shanassy's donation should bo offered as a champion prize for draught horses, and the balance for champion draught mares; that Mr. Warren's be allotted for champion merino ram, and that the prizes should be made an addenda to the prize list already published. The President reported that | he had attended the meeting of the district federated societies' board at Sandhurst the pre vious day, and had been unanimously elected to represent the No. *i board on the Central Coun cil. He had been desired to bring before the council the question of free passes for judges and delegates of the district boards. It was resolved to make a levy of £1 Is on the various societies in the district to meet contingent expenses, but this would be brought under their notice by the Secre tary of the Board. INSPECTION OF THK DEFENCES.-It is intended by the Minister of Uefence to givo members of both branchos of the Legislature an opportunity of inspecting the harbor defence works some time next month (says the Argus). Hon. members will be invited to proceed to Queenscliff by special train, and after inspecting the fort: there to go on by the tramway to Swan Island. The battery and tor pedo station at'that place will be examined, and the party on returning to Queenscliff will be con veyed by steamer to Point Nepean and Point Franklin. From the last-mentioned place, the warship Nelson, or one of the gunboats, will take the visitors to South Channel fort, and thenca by way of the South Channel to Port Melbourne. PRESS PASSES.-The Chines Guardian urges that the old privileges of free press passes over the railway lines be again extended to newspaper re porters, and suggests that a deputation represent ing the entiro press of the colony should wait on the Government in respect to tho matter. DEATH OF MAJOR CRAMER.-Tho Warmambool correspondent if tho Herald says :-There is a general feeling of gloom in the town in conse quence of the sudden and unexpected death of Major Cramer, town clerk, of Warmambool, which occurred at his residence on Sunday night from heart disease. The Major was one of tho most generou3-hearted of men. He occupied many prominent public positions, and his death is re garded as a public and private loss by all sections of tho community. ' All the flags iu tow.a and at the port are half-mast high. SINGULAR POISONING CASE. - A telegram to the Age from Ballarat says:- A sad case of poisoning, supposed to be suicide, is reported from Ballarat South. It seems, according to report, that Mrs. Lamb, the wife of Mr. Lamb, grocer, carrying on business at the corner of Windemere and Latrobe streets, has latterly been suffering from religious mania, and on Saturday night she swallowed a mouse-powder containing a quantity of strychnine. The sufferer was conveyed to the hospital, where, in the absence of the resident surgeon, Dr. Rad- cliffe, assisted by Mr. Donaghy, the dispenser, used the stomach pump, but without avail, as the poor woman died thirty-five minutes after her ad- mission to the institution. Mrs. Lamb was 47 years of age, and the mother of a large and respectable family. Mr. J. Oliver intimates by advertisement that the last quarter for this yearof his juvenile class will com nieuco oil Saturday next. Mr. D. 0. Sterry, tho proprietor of tho Clydesdale entire, " Prince Imperial," announces that the animal will bo at tho disposal of breeders this season at his farm, Myers' Creek, Newbridge Road, and will also travol tho districts of Marong: and Sebastian. Ail ad vertisement in relation to tho subject appears iu another column. AVo aro requested to announce that on account of tho success which has attended the surplus sale at the Beehive stores, it has been decided to continue it for two weeks longer. Further particulars will appear iu our columns to-morrow. To-morrow evening a concert will take place at tlio Stratlificldsaye Shiro Hall in aid of tho Strathfioldsaye Cricket Club. It is intended to form classes in modelling in clay and wax at tho School of Mines, and the director of tUo school, Mr. It. Brough Smyth, will receive the twines of per6oii3i}esii(MB of becoming pupils. 