Sporting Gossip. [BY THE VAGRANT.] Entries for Northumberland A. T. Club races, Lower Hunter Turf Club races, Gundy races, Vacy rucci, and for the Paterson athletic handicap, demand the attention of horseowners and pedestrians to-day. It turns out after all that Mr. Brackenreg, the horse's trainer, was not at fault in Tom Brown's entry being too late for the Hawkes- bury Handicap and Sydney Cup. The tele- gram containing the entry waa handed in at Maitland at 2 55; it reached the Sydney office at 3.28 ; the messenger waa despatched with it at 3 35, and he states that he delivered it before four o'clock at Mr. Clibborn's office. That gentleman, however, Bays the entry was too late for acceptance. How can that be if entries close at four o'clock and the telegram reached his office before that hour ? Visitors to the Albion Ground on Tuesday afternoon were forcibly reminded of Maitland as it was some years ago, when every second man brushed against was a pedestrian. Dave Dunlop visited Maitland on Tuesday with Hillyard, Farrell, and Talbot, whom he has in work for the Botany Handicap ; and dur- ing the afternoon the trio, with Bob "Watson, gave an exhibition of their running powers. Hillyard is a small, nicely moulded man, weighing little over Ssfe., and standing about 5ft. 5in. ; his performances are well known, and it is sufficient to say that he is champion of Queensland, and when Malone is taken away he is probably the best man in New South Wales. He is about twenty-two yearB of age. Archie Farrell is too well known in Maitland to need describing, but amongst those whom he has defeated are the veteran Frank Hewitt and Pat Callaghan, and it is but a matter of opinion about him and Hill- yard. Talbot is a big muscular young fellow of twenty, who is likely to be heard of yet. Bob Watson donned shoes and trunks for the first time since November 4, 1878, on which date he defeated Applitt and regained the championship of Australia. Then the genial Bobert was a little over lOst., now he is about 13st., so it may be guessed adipose tissue has accumulated rather rapidly on his well built form, and he had great difficulty in getting into his running clothes, and when there threatened to fall out of them. How- ever when he got moving he surprised his friends, and in spins of forty or fifty yards he held his own with Farrell and Hillyard, and- seemed to have a bit more pace than the other visitor, and he was the best formed man of the lot. Dave has his three charges looking in beautiful form, and the beBt of the three will probably run well in the handicap. Later on Frank Brown, who is also training for Botany, had a run, but he seems but the ghost of his former self, and even with his long start does not look a very good thing. Bryan O'Lynn, by John Bull from Snow- flake, by Snowden from PrincesB, formerly in Mr. John Mayo's stable, died through an injury received whilst exercising at Band wick. The Irishman was a very speedy horse, and was about the greatest opponent Paul had in selling races. As almost every disinterested person ex- pected Beach beat Clifford in their boat race last Saturday, and the manner in which the champion won baa furnished plenty material for diecussion since. Beach's admirers say he won as he liked, whilst others argue that he " had it all on," and maintain that Hanlon disposed of Clifford in a far more workman- like manner. True it is that Beach only won by two lengths whilst the Canadian was eight lengths to the good at the end, but then the former was in front from the first stroke, and was not at all desirous of showing his hand to Hanlan's friends, and it should be remembered that the steamers which greatly interfered with Clifford when he rowed Hanlan were out of the way this time. The Illawarra man did great things in private, but bad luck, or whatever it may be called, pursued him in public. It is now probable that he will go home, and if he keeps up his practice he will most likely re-appear when least expected in a larger shell, and not so fine in condition as at present, and defeat one of the cracks. Some of the American journals publish an account of a trotting match which reads very like a fairy tale. The two acknowledged champions of the track in America are Jay Eye-See and Maud S., the former the property of Mr. Case, and the latter is now owned by Mr. Bonner, but was for- merly in Mr. Vanderbilt's (the millionaire) stable. -Mr. Case threw out a challenge for his gelding to trot the mare,- which was ac- cepted by Mr. Vanderbilt for 500,000 dollars. The match was made and came off. Maud S. won the first heat by a neck in 2 min. 13 sees. The gelding broke in the second heat, and the mare went under the wire as she pleased in 2 min. l8 sees. The third heat the pair came home together in 2 min. 10 sees. and the judge could not separate them. Maud S. won the fourth heat by a neck in 2 min. 12$ Bees. A great contest if true. Mr. D. S. Wallace has suffered a loss dur- ing the past few days, which should entitle him to the sympathy of every lover of a good horse, and every admirer of an honest sports- man. Last week I mentioned that Le Grand had gone wrong, and since then the gallant son of Epigram has died. Among his many riotories may be noted the Queensland Pro- duce Stakes, the Hawkesbury Produce Stakes, the A, J. 0. Derby, the Craven Plate, the Randwick Plate, the Boyal Park Stakes, Geelong Mares' Produce Stakes, the Cham- pion Bace, the A. J. 0. Leger, Cumberland Stakes, and the A. J. 0. Plate. Besides the above the defunct Queenslander ran several seconds and thirds, and the mighty son of Epigram and Le Grand was probably one of the most brilliant racehorses that ever heard the rustle of silk. A post mortem ex- amination revealed the fact that the cause of death was a fractured spine, so the poor brute must have endured great pain. Hillyard or Farrell are very anxious to get on a match with Solly, the Wallsend ped, to ran 100 yards, but the latter cannot see his way clear. The match between Cruise and Chapman come off contrary to expectations, or at least nearly came off. A foul, however, occurred after rowing half a mile and Chapman's boat capsized, whilst Cruise rowed over the course alone. Chapman entered a protest, the re- feree decided it was no race, and the contest will take place in a month. We often read of the strange stratagems reBorted to by foxeB to get away from the hounds, and a couple of hunting stories may be interesting. I think it was in Warwickshire I where Beynard being hotly pursued got on I to a railway line and ran up the rails taking Mf age right ia the track of an advancing train. The balllad huntsmen had to whip off the dogs to save them, whilst the fox sprang from almost UDder the wheels of the engine, and got away on the other side of the line. At Alheratone lately a fox was hunted down the main street, and becoming exhausted he dashed into an hotel and took refuge up- staira. There he was captured by the huntsmen, and the head and brush presented to the hotelkeeper. I referred last week to the running of Sou'wester, a son of Goldsbrough and Sea Breeze, a Tocal bred one, in New Zealand, and the unlucky horse's performances are worthy of furthur mention. Ho ran second to Administrator in tho Wellington Gold Cup, and a few days ago after finished third to Tasman and Tigredia in the Wellington Cup, and ran nowhere in the Racing Club Handicap. He was unplaced in the Dunedin Cup, second in the Dunedin Handicap to Tasman, and Nelson beat him in the Forbury Handicap. Sou'wester, it is said, will be brought over to the colony during the month by Mr. Pilbrow, Welcome Jack's owner. Whilst in Maitland on Tuesday a challenge I was put forth for Hillyard to give Studdert, | of the Paterson, his start in the Botany Handicap for £20 a-side. This meauB that the Queenslander would stand on the G\ yards mark whilst Studdert would be on the 11 yards scratch. Farrell, 7 yards, also expressed a wish to run MTutyre, 16 yards, but neither offer met with a response. It is likely that sweepstakes for trophies will take place quarterly among the members of the West Maitland Bowing Club. The contest for Mr. Moore'B trophy on Saturday last waB very successful. The thoroughbred stallion Conrad, lately standing near Adelaide, became so infirm lately that his owner,' Mr. Jordan, decided to destroy him. Conrad, who was very old, among other good ones was the sire of the flying Trump Toss. The crack New Zealand jockey, Derrett, has been riding well lately. Out of fourteen races in which he rode at two meetings he won eight races and was on the second horse three times. I have been asked who was the better run- ner, Watson or Malone P I have often given my opinion in favour of the former, and my reasons are easily stated. Watson met better runners during his career than the present champion has. He was defeated only by Applitt, and was very unwell on that occasion, and was much under his usual weight ; he had not asphalt tracks to run upon, yet ran 150 yards on chipped ground in 14--6-10 seconds, which is the best record for the distance in the world ; he also ran 440 yards on a road ander 50 seconds, winning very easily. Malone has been credited with running 150 yarda in 14] seconds, but on that occasion he was seven or eight yards on his journey when the pistol cracked, and if any proof is required that he never did this performance it is given by the fact that later on in the handicap a man beat him by Bome yards in 142 seconda. When Watson ran his record hie trial and that of his opponent, Stone Davis, was the same as the race, which our own Eobert won by six inches. Watson holds the record for 150 yards, and until some other ped does better in similar circumstances let us give honour to whom honour is due. The unfortunate Duke of Aylesford died recently at Big Springs, Texas, at the early age of thirty-six years, from cancer. He succeeded to the title and estate in 1871, and at once began a very fast life, which soon broke him in health and purse. He was owner of Chandos (sire of Buckingham), imported to the colony by the late Mr. E. K. Cox, and the horse distinguished himself as a two-year-old in his lordship's colours. In 1873 he ran fourth to Doncaster and the dead-heaters Gang Forward and Kaiser for the Derby. He afterwards won a Welter Sweepstakes, liddon by his lordship, and subsequently developed into u grem, hurdle boree. The English Waterloo Cup resulted in a division between a nomination of Mr. E. Hinks, and a puppy belonging to Mr. E. Dent. Both dogs belong to the latter gen- tleman. The stakes were valued at £1600. The Cup has only been divided on one other occasion during the last half century, viz , in 1859 when the late Mr. John Jardine's Clive and Selby, the latter nominated by Mr. J. Gordon Bhared the stakes. The coincidence need not be pointed out. It may be worthy of note that Malua was the last horse to leave the yard for the New- market Handicap last year, whilst Coronet was the last to wend his way to the starting point this year. " The last shall be first." Last year when Bargo won the Ascot Vale StakeB for the Hon. James White the field numbered six ; this year there were half a dozen starters again, and Uralla won for the same owner. The action of Borne of the members of the last Australian Eleven in refusing to meet the English team now in the colonies having been transmitted to the old country, the English cricketing authorities have disquali- fied those members from playing on certain grounds. The manager of the English Eleven has written to the Cricketing Association in Melbourne asking that the disqualification of Boyle, Blackham, Palmer, M'Donnell, and the othera be removed, as his team WÍBII to meet them in a match, their trip not being a financial succesB. Malua waa BO lame after the Essendon Stakes on Saturday last, that it is possible he may never race again, and he has been scratched for the Champion Bace. Black Bose, the crack colt of New Zealand, has broken down. The Messrs. Robertson Brothers appear determined not to spare money in the at- tempt to make their stable invincible. At a sole of yearlings during the week Mr. D. M. Eobertson gave 475 guineas for a colt by La^ pidist out of Edella, Malua's dam ; and Mr. A. B. Eobertson parted 310 guineas for a colt by the same sire from Idalia, Sir Modreí's dam. The racing on Saturday last, the first day of the V. B. O. Autumn meeting, WBB remark- able for nothing except the slow times re- corded, and the overthrow of Monte Christo in the Ascot Vale Stakes. Malua was not well enough to ask Commotion to gallop in the Essendon Stakes, and the grand old son of Panic won easily. Reginald, by Grand- master from Ave Mam, finished third, probably on sufferance. Despite his 7 lb. penalty, Monte Christo was backed at odds on him for the Ascot Vale Stakes, for which Uralla went out at 4 Io i,1, a-aiDBt her. The colt would probably have won, but HaleB, who is only ately out oí along iUrwas, could not help ' him home, and his stable companion beat him. The crack horseman was well hooted by the occupants of the hill after the race. The first two were by Chester, and the timo was 31 seconda slower than last year. Silver King, by First King from Señorita, had very little difficulty in defeating the lilliputian David in the Leger, the Tasmanian bred Mozart finishing third; the time was 16¡¡- seconds slower than in 1882 when Com- motion won, and Sf seconds slower than last yoar. One of the largest fields that over started for the Newmarket Handicap came out for that raco this rear, and as the story of the race is so well known, it is useless to tell it o'er again. The winner, Coronet, landed his party £4S,000 it is said. The time was 4¿ seconds slower than Malua's race last yoar, Coronet's only previous win was a£15Ma;dpnPNtrM'nTjS!"uPü TV-vinnpr of the ilopetui Stakes, Juaunu, by Gang For- ward, is the makings of a good filly, and the day was wound up by Grace Darling, by The Diver, winning the Brunswick Stakes. Coronet having only 6st. lllbs. to carry in the Australian Cup, steadily advanced to the position of favorite, and as he beat Off Colour in a gallop even money wns at length taken about him, and the luckyones who had backed him previous to his Newmarket win for the double stood on velvet, as never has there been auch a chance for laying off before in Aus- tralia. Coronet's party, to clear his road to victory, purchased Coriolanus, and the race seotned all over bar Bhouting. The weather on Thursday was beautiful. Sport opened badly as Brenda fell in tho Hurdle Eace and broke her neck, and The Agent won. Monte Christo showed that he is one of the best colts of the year by winning the Sires' Produce Stakes in a canter from BingmaBter, Man- chester and First Prince running a dead-heat for third place. Tom Brown's badly-named sister, Happy Thought, by Kelpie from Happy Thought, won the Corinthian Cup, and then a dozen horses showed out for the Australian Cup, Coronet being a very firm favourite at even money, Sheet Anchor and Acolyte being next in demand. The favourite made the running with his mouth open, and fighting hard to get away, for a mile and three quarters, and then disappeared in the crowd, from which he never emerged. In the straight SheetAnchor, Minerva, and Acolyte seemed as if they would fight it out, but Ringwood came with a rush and just won from Sheet Anchor, and the outsider Stornaway. The time was very faBt, being only excelled by a second by Pollio, and equalled by First Water. After the race it was discovered that Coronet had hurt his back through overstriding himself when fighting to get away. The first two horses are by St. Albans, and Ringwood is the best all-round horse in Australia. At Flem- ington during the Spring meeting he carried 12st. lOlbs., and won the three- mile hurdle race in the almost incredible time of 5 min. 3-1:1- sees., the best time over the ilut in Aus- tralia being 5 min. 26 sees. To-day Commotion should win the Cham- pion Eace easily, and his followers should be Silver King and Off Colour. St. Albans is probably the best sire Aus- tralia ever saw. He is by Blair Athol from Pandora, by Cotherstone from Polydora, by Priam. His stock have won among other races the Newmarket Handicap (twice), the Launceston Cup, the Adelaide Cup, the Hobart Cup, the Melbourne Cup, the Caul- field Cup, and the Australian Cup. In the Launceston Cup his produce were first and third, first and second in the Hobart Cup, first and third in the Newmarket Handicap, and first and second in the Australian Cap. Besides these races many more events have fallen to his stock. St. Albans never raced. Professor Miller has again challenged Sullivan, and will go to America to box him. 