A WESTERN LANDLORD. A STORY BY MARY HARTWELL CATHERWOOD. Author of " Craque of DOOM," " OLD CAVERN DAYS" ETC , AND NUMEROUS SERIALS AND stories in WIDE-AWAKE, LIPPINCOTT'S, HARPERS', ETC. A young village doctor is a young village doctor, whether he carries a medicine case in the year 1885, or a pair of pili-bags in 1857. But all young doctors are not as large and white and full of vigorous blood as Brother- ton was. Instead of his usual pili bags, how- ever he held a well-stuffed carpet- ssck in his hand as the hack rumbled with him into Millport. The whole snowy country was steeped in moonlight, which threw back a cold, knife-like glitter from the ice over Sugar Creek. The shadow of a flour-mill fell over the hack as it jogged across the bridge, and no light appeared in the post-office where the mail bag ought to be delivered. It was after 10 o'clock. The vehicle stopped midway of the one long street, at once the county road and Millport's spinal column, and Brotherton alighted with his carpet-bag, exchanging a word with the hack driver. This half-asleep and weather-hardened being then bumped ahead over frozen ,mud to the tavern which appeared to lie directly hugging the north pole, for such timber as inclosed Millport opened there upon boundless white prairie. Iu those railroadless days Chicago Geemsd nearly as remote as China to the inland ffiiuoisan. Brotherton jumped a glazed mud levee and mountea that ur paved path used by the villagers c.s a sido walk. It led direeSly across a drug store poroh, upon which he paused, rappiug hard at the door. In time a light appeared through the window, showing candy jars and medicine bottles there dimly displayed behind the fretwork 1 ol frost, then a tardy hand unfastened the door, a man's voioe growling all the time on the other side of it. Brotherton slipped into a druggy atmosphere and shook hands with his red-headed, fat partner, who, acting as if tranced by sleep, reXastened the door and took np a tin candlestick covered with stalagmites of aucient tallow. Lsft your folks well ?" "Yea, quite well. You didn't expect me to-night, did you?" l Yes," yawned the partner; "I've expected you every night. We never know when that hack will get in any more." " ItlSroke into a dew this side of the Bed Pump"tavern," said Brotherton, "and I thought for a couple of hours we'd have to leave it there and ride the horses in," " Yon look like you'd been prying a hack out of a slew," observed fin partner lowering his candlestick toward Brotherton's muddied and frozen trowsers. " Well, old Yesuvius is red hot." ' " Blessed be the^devil that tends her fires," said Brotherton. " Now, Doc., now.," remonstrated the redheaded man, using the Western abbreviation, whioh shears away a physician's dignity. He piloted a track betwixt clustering chairs, left just as the town loafers were wont to leave them when breaking up duly and nightly court, to Bl stove at the rear of the store. Thoagh muddy heel marks and the stains of many mouths showed anoleansed npon its cylinder surface, it glowed like a red rose from within, and Brotherton threw off overcoat, hat and gloves apon a counter and aban doned himself to its heat. In a secluded oorner near the stove appeared the lounge-bed which his partner had jnst vacated. A similar lair in the opposite corner invited the doctor's weary bones after a thirty-mile jolt across the sweep of prairie wind. "It argues well for our decency that we retain a little bit of it when we bunk about ao like dogs, don't it: JSaish?" he observed with a laugh, using a village diminutive for Horatio which Hamlet in all his musings never hit apon. " You're just back from them flesh-pots of luxury the preacher talks about," responded the druggist. " You'd tarn ap yoar nose now on oysters cooked in the can and e't out of the white mortar." "No, I wouldn't," declared Brotherton, promptly. " So if you've got some in the digging and want a single bite yourself, pat on two cans to simmer." "Now, listen to that for extravagance," observed the partner, taking np the candle and going forward in the store. Then he knocked sawdust from a tin oblong, cut the top open with his' pocketknife, and reached behind the ipecaa jar for a bundle of crackers. The crackers he brought and spread open for Brotherton to munch at, while the can of oysters thawed and, then began^0 leak and sputter apon the stove. " J?apper and salt and a bunk of butter right np th&e; in the white mortar," he suggested. Brotherton himself lifted the white mortar down and blew a little dust off its rim. " Don't be so particular," urged Secrist. " I thought it might be tartar emetic/' exlained the doctor. " But you're too good a Eousekeepe: to serve me that way, Secrist. Jest as I come back, too." "Well, now, Doc., tell the truth," urged the fat man, stretching himself in a chair at the other side of the stove and glimmering at his friend through half shut eyes. " When you come tack from civil-i-zation to a godforsaken plice like this, don't yoa think you're making a fool of yourself ?" " No, I din't," rejoined Brotherton. He was sitting on the counter beside his garments, tnd his long, strong legs dangled well toward the floor. * " This is experience. I like experience, and I don't like hanging by the eyelids. A man can be hardening himself here while he would collapse to nothing waiting for practice in a city. It is'nt euoh a god-forsaken place, either." «'A row down at Peg-leg's whisky shop every Saturday night. Mud and slush up to your eyes in winter. Ague all fall." " That Edits me," said Brotherton. Secrist sneered on: "Preaching only once a month in the school- home at early candle-lighting." " There isn't a Christian in town that bears that privation better than you do," laughed the doctor. " O, I ain't saying the ruffianly gang in •this neighborhood isn't good enough for me," chuckled the druggist. " I'm only wondering how a fellow of your stamp can stand it." " What's happened now?" " Nothing," replied the druggist briefly, as he went to a front counter and got a piece of wrapping paper for the purpese of lifting the hot can. " Here; hold your bowl." " Won't you have some yourself, Eiish ? The old tumbler will hold them if you give it a steam bath first." " No, I'd rather have some sleep." " You're not going to bunk down without telling mo all the news ? " " No," said the fat man, slowly. " What news could we scare up, do you reckon, though, in the two weeks you're been gone?" I "But you were gnashing about ruffianly j.--.: •••-!•:> Ii.iv. n'i bet-a aiv r hurt," ihi; ; vca : .hr- ii;:'i ? " Jfcerist uU-rcd a negative grunt, sirtirg on the side of his couch. " I was only IbickiEg of old Iliram D/xcn." " No one ha3 ti!ied him ? '' " Nn, responded ScCiist, with a dissafiiflcd sniffle. ' I know it's yonr silent, ceaseless petition vihat somebody will kiil him," chucWel the doeior,dipping np his oysters from tise white mnrtar with a broken-ban died pewter spoen. " Eiiishy, these are a comfort in adversity. You better have some." " Eveiybcdy eays fce ki'Ied a man enee, r ' continued Scorist, leaning forward and resting his arms oa his knees- " B-.ibj Stirling's husband and him went north together, and Scrrliag never was eeen alive afterwards." _ " Yes, I've heard you tell that story a dozen times," £aid_ Brother ton. applying himself to iiia coup with the zest of an hnnpry man. " But P.'3by doesn't believe It. Stirling's body was found whole ana untampered with at a hotel. Heart disease, congestion, a man's misuse of himself that icols don't know how to describe with a name. And it you men suspected Dixon why didn't you haul him up before the courts and investigate V " It was talked of," replied Secrist-, despondently. "But he htd his esplanations ready. Old man Dixon is smart." " Baby's well, is she ?" As Brotherton mads this inquiry ha threw a gniok side glanca at his partner. " I thought I heard somebody knock," said the druggist, turning his head in his palms and listening. The fire whispered. Without the frosty wind swept over village and wood sird lost itself in the vastness of the prairie. Thsre was a sadden squeal and scampering in the wall bshind Brotherton. "It'snothing but that old rat," said he. " You'll let that old r&t; live to see his children's children to the last generation, before you'll give him a buttoa." " I wish somebody'd give me a button that'd make me sleep to-night," exclaimed the druggist. '' I ain't shut my eyes since dusk." " You were so drowsy ycu could hardly opeo the door," declared the dootar. I was pretendin' to be easy 00 you, like," explained his partner, painfully. "Jerome, there has something happened since you went away." " What ? " exclaimed Brstnsrton, feeling hia temples expand with large pulse beats. " It isn't anything about old Hiram Dixon or Ruby?" " Was you in downright earnest about her, Jerome ? " "I intend to marry her, that's all," answered the doctor, antagonism coming to the front in his face. " Doc., Kuby's dead." " She isn't 1" exclaimed Brotherton, leaping up. " Doc., she's dead." Automatically Brotherton rubbed his finger through the rings whioh his soup bowl made upon the counter. Baby's delicate aquiline face, flashed the color of a blush rose, filled his vision. He did not believe it was now clay white; that her innocent mouth waB set in death. He did not upbraid hia partner for suppressing the news. There were no means by which Secrist could have reached hkn. more quickly unless he had driven out to meet the hack. Secrist's voice, proceeding in recital, grew in volume upon his ear. " Blame old Hi Dixon's picture 1 He would have put her in the ground twelve hours after if it hadn't been for her Aunt Buby Arm and the neighbors." •Brotherton grated his nails against the wooden oounter. " When did she die ? " " A Friday morning five days ago. I said you ought to of been here all along," pronounced Seerist impressively, gazing with commiseration at the paliid young m»n " They say it was like this: She was playing with little Nate an,d tossing up a ball. When the ball went into the air she waa alive and well, and when it touched the floor sha was a dead woman. Doc, the color didn't go out of her cheeks and she stayed warm. They put her between feather beds, and all the other doctors in town tried their best to bring her to, but it wasn't no use. I don't believe they knew what it was." " She hasn't been ? " demanded Brotherton quickly, coming forward and setting his foot on the pedestal of the Etavs. The boot leather smoked, and he watched it as if his hopes were exhaling in the smoke. " No, not yet. But old Hiram Dixon says he won't keep her any longer than early tomorrow forenoon. He say's he kept her longer now than anybody ever was kept in Millport." " He won't have a funeral while there's the Blightest doubt." " No, he won't have any more funeral than he can help. He'll j ust pop her in the ground and be done with it. He's helping dig the grave to-night to save expense, and a nice easy job they have of it the way the ground's froze. Th9 - women say he got the cheapest coffin that could be bought," continued Seerist, dropping his facts like pebbles into Brotherton's boiling mind. " Baby's boy will come into his'hands now. And by the time that boy is 21 years old, if Hiram Dixon hasn't the rest of Stirling's property besides what disappeared when Stirling died, then I ain't acquainted with Hiram Dixon. It's most all in land, and easy to trustee out of the hands of a minor heir. I'll go up with you, Doo." - " No, yon go to bed and sleep," replied the doctor, who having mufited himself, was changing medicines in his pill bags for others on the shelveB. "I'll go up with yoa," said the fat man, bringing forth his own garments. " You'll have a tussle with old Hiram. It he's dug her grave and She isn't dead he'll biiry he;' anyhbw." The wind-blew out of the north like mobile and invisible ice. S scrist tied his red woollen comforter in another knot undec his chin. Before some houses lay a narrow, frosty board as causeway, and across this they walked singly to avoid the rough, frozen mud. A hut of legs, opening by a latch-string, and a weather-boarded domicile, with the door at the rear, were close neighbours. There were two or three brick housss of some pretensions, inclosed by palings, and a barred and silent general store, which in daylight divided patronage with one at the other end of the village. On rising ground stood the tavern; a halting place where the traveller might braes himself for the bleak ride northward. How many a cutting day had Brotherton taken to that narrow read in his jumper, his horse breasting an unstirred ocean of snow. Then, however, he carried cosy, warm thoughts within his wraps and furs, which kept him exhilarated. To-night the north irosd was the bleakest track he had ever seen. Wanderers on the prairte would be sure to perish; or, should they escape, what comfort could they find in to-morrow, anyhow ? Opposite the tavern, across a small ravine, and upon a hill stood the largest house in the town. A road curved around it and crawled down into the dark woods. It was, however, the meanest-looking house in the town, its size o-nly emphasizing its dilapidation. The hoar frost tried vainly to ornament with silver plating certain ancient garments bulging through broken panes, the crazy ashe rattled, and loose, unplanted weather-boarding clapped responsively. Secrist and the doctor, waiting for admis- Siticra s:epa on which they dare Rot st-itid hcl.h at once, heaid its wind howling through this hollow mansion as if its vacant chambers were built - only for that purpose. Brotherton'e chief wish had been to take Baby out of this place into a home of his own making. She was still so much a little girl that fee never realized her widowhood on her maturity. Her child seemed a young brcrther whom he would adopt for love other. It forever puzzled him that a ereature like Rtiby, naturally refined and alive to every- 1 thing beautiful, ehould be east in her lot and bound-to the people who held h£r. The heredity which gave dark-eyed daughters wi'tli childish hands and feet and living-sculs to Mr3. Dixcn's like could not be accounted for by mc-dical science. Mrs. Dixon was still afoot and let the young men into her unfurnished hall. Naked stair-step^ and gs.nnt bannisters, against which their shadows were thrown by the moon, eec-med to welcome them as congenial ghosts. One discouraged candle burned in the square room where most of the living was done, ar.d where dying was to be consummated ; for there in the corner stood the marble-like oblong of sheets stretched over the tops of chairs, concealing what was held beneath them upon the cooling board. Nesr by, also upheld by two chairs, waited a blast cofiin, bulging near, the head, but narrowing towards the foot. A strong ehndtk-r d&rted; through the doctor at thi's sight, which must have been so common to him. Two other women were^ watching with Baby. One of them, the landlady of the tavern, came forward to meet her two boarders, and shook hands with the doctor. She was capable and portly, and talked in a hoarse whisper. Being the dead girl's Aunt Baby ABU, she was there to command. Mrs. Dixon sat down in a remote corner with her sas-bonnet over her eyes. She was a very thin creature, having eaHcc garments which hung upon her. The contemporary world seldom caught her features on aocount of this immovable sunbonnet, and it was believed she would die without saving ever fully ehown her face. She was not deaf, yet when she made one of her scant remarks she shouted it, and people shouted to her in return. Tits mtjor part of her time was evidently spent in meditation, and Having Hiram Dix«n for her second husband was deemed a sufficient excuse for this. Aunt Buby Ann put a splint- bottomed chair psd the one rocker before a sooted and cave-like fireplace where some green sticks were weeping upon rusty fire-dogs. The doctor set his piu-bags and hat upon the splint-bottomed chair, and the landlady understanding him, took up the candle. During their conference he; voice sever rose above the hoarse whisper proper to the occasion. " Did you git w»rd ? " she inquired. "Not until Secrist told me, after I got oat of the hack.". " I am glad yon're on hand, for he's r'arin' around to bury her whether or ao." ihe cast a look of contempt at her sister who eould keep a husband in no better subjection than Hiram Dixon was kept. " I give her up, and then agin' I go and try on eg more with feathers under her nose and a looking glass held to her mouth. I can mighty near see a dimness on the glass, and yet I ain't sure of that, neither." Seeing that Brotherton did not lift the corner of the sheet-sarcophagus, Aunt Baby Ann raised it herself, exposing little Buby by the yellow tongue of the eandle. Shrouds were just passing oat of ass then, so fiaby naselad in her best dress of thin, black silk, the sleeves flowing away from her dbows and leaviBg her arms protected by muslin undersleeves. A broad collar of needlework was turned down well towards her shoalders and fastened at her throat by a mighty brown and white cameo pin. Her delicate face was not yet pinched or sunken, its unuaaal whiteness seeming merely to deepen the darkness of her hair. The minute blue traeery ef her eyelid veins and the network on her temples caught the gaze of one who studied her. A suggestion of colour like auroral light appeared upon her lip3 and cheeks. " She looks nat'ral, don't she, Doe?" whispered the landlady with emphatic hoarseness. " Yes," replied Brotherton, getting down npon his knees and applying his ear to her chest and hear " She didn't say which nor t'other, bat down she tumbled," sheutsd Mrs. Dixon from her eorner, turning the mouth of hsr sunbonnet Upward from atranee of meditation, and having discharged this conversational ball she again lowered its muzzle. ' Brotherton and the landlady held a eonference which ended in much trampling on the naked floor and some shifting of the mean furniture, at which his partner and the neighbour assisted. Mrs. Dixon sat silent and saw her daughter's body transferred to a table, with a pail of water besifie it, and the doctor's morocco case of instruments glittering beneath the feeble candle light. Sacrist poked the fire" and kept hie face strictly chimney ward. At the table long pauses alternated with whispers and changes of position. Water occasionally dripped on the floor. Mrs. Dixon could behold Brotherton's haggard expression, and the quick gesture with which the back of his hand rubbed moisture from his forehead. "Thre9 doctors has give her up," she shoatfd, and again dropped her sunbonnet mouth, leaving the fact to hit its mark. Thera was a clock screwed to the wall, with pineapple shaped weights hanging by ehains. It had the piteous air of dragging its own viscera, and waa altogether such an incomplete clock as the master of Bueh a house might desire; but its iron hands kept pace with time, and they indicated that Brotherton had been experimenting more than an hour when the pat of naked feat bscame irregularly distinct on the naked stairs, and the sitting-room door was thrown open so wide as to bump against Mr. Dixon's knees. " What did you git up for, Nate ?" whispered the landlady, meeting him and lifting him to sit on the carve of her arm. 1 The child was in a linsey dress, under which soant draping he euddled his legs, while he searched the group around the table with large, dark eyes and began to whimper. " Her and Nate was tossin' the ball together and singin' Lord Level," shouted Mrs. Dixon. She bent her sanbonneted head once more and sat motionless, as if waiting to be reloaded. The landlady turned her faos from the table and carried him around to the doctor. " How do yea do, Nate ? eaid Brotherton, taking one of MB ague.-tiated claws and kissing it. " I want my maw, wept out Nate, patting up his trembling zander- lip. "Oall her," eaid Brotherton, taking the child upoa Ms owa arm. " Maw, 0, maw I" caHerd Nate. " 0, Tm afraid upstates alone. Make her wake, Docker B'utteiton 1" The yeung man moved oae one of Buby'a arms. " If yoa ean't rouse her, Kate, sha'e beyond the reaeh of love aad despair. Call her " Doe., Dae. 1" rem.erafcrated the landlady. " If yoa set him to takin' on we never mill git him peacefiei again." "And oat of her besom grew a reii, red tosa, snd opt of fcis'n g»w a bxjfaij' shoiatpJ Mrs. Dixon. Efer kBre^sMnga^Sn threa&HM; by t he opeaicg door, she drew herself together as ii collapsing. It was 2:1 old man who cams in. He fixed the glare to blue goggles apon the table. Hia iron grey hair met with iron-grey beard upon his cheek-bones and formed a shaggy cnifiun reaching his shoulders. As if son. rain snd mcsy seasons' wear had not done their worst for Ms ancient and ill-favoared olothjng, he was freshly glased with frozen mud stains, and his dark paws were yellowed by clay quite to the frayed coat sleeve. Shafting the doorBO that a responsive shudder ranthroogb the whele house, he demanded at once: " Who's a meddlin' with that corpse ?" . "The State of Illinois," replied Secrist from the fire-place. " The State of Illinois can get out of my house then," Eaid the did manj wagging his hoary shag. " I don't keep a medical college." " Hiram Dixon," spoke oat the landlady, "ain't yon wiHm' every means should be tried to see if life's left in Baby ?" "I am," said the druggist,' "and I'm the constable." " Yott can't bury her to-morrow, Mr Dixon," said Brotherton. "I am not ready to pronounce her dead." " I'll- bury her to-morrow as sore as the sun rises," said old Hiram Dixon. " And I knowed you oouldn't tell a dead woman from a live one." _He came forward in his usual stooped and stiffened poBture, and Nate, with one asm around the doctor's neek, watched him fearfully. "I'll bury her to-morrow, and I'll fasten her up in her coffin now, to keep meddlers out. And I'll set on it the rest of the time, if nothing else'll do." " Hiram Dixon, are you possessed?" cried oat Buby's aunt. " Let him alone," said the doctor, whitening through his lips," only see that she's moved Keep your dirty, clayey hands off, then," dictated the landlady, "and let Seekers and Doc. Smith's wife and me pat her ih." " They grew and they grew to the church steeple top, and there they couldn't get no higher," shouted Mrs. Dixon, aiming her quotation at the ceiling over the heads of her discordant inmates. Whatever emotion she felt at seeing her daughter's body placed in its lost receptacle was concealed witjjjn the muzzle of the sunbonnet and made no explosive escape. " Now I hope yoa're satisfied,'* laid Aunt Buby Ann to the old man, beginning to weep and wring her nose between her thumb, and one finger, when the last crackling fdid of Buby's drapery was laid straight. " If they've all, evBn to D»e. Brotherton, give her up, I s'pose Fll have to." " Fll be satisfied when tne screws Is druv to place," replied Hiram Dixon, fitting the lid with such callous exactness that she felt herself impelled to add with biting censure: I believe you'd like to have Nate in there, tee," The eld man looked ap, and his spectacles in the dim light seemed to 'flame like wolf eyes. He was exasperated to a point beyond his endurance, and Nate's linsey dress was within easy reach. Ods of (he boy's bare feet clenched a round of the chair which supported Buky's head, as he lifted himself ap tio look down'at her. " I'll put him in," said old Hiram, grabbing the boy, and instantly the shingles on the roof seemed rent by Nate's shriek to hiB mother. Some muffled sound mingled with the noise he made, and the doctor being first to reach him waa the first to see Buby's open eyes. He was holding her child under one of hia arms aad lifting her^head with the other, when Mrs. Diton fired off the conclusion of that doggeral ballad with which her mind has been eo heavily eharged by Buby's last repetition ef it: " And there they entwinsd in a true lover's knot for all true lovers to admire, 'mire, 'mire; for all true lovers to admire." Traditions of Buby Stirling's trance still linger about Millport. Yoa may yet hear how she tried to move, but eould not; how Brotherton let Hiram Dixon do his worst in order to test the effect of a shock, and how he took her away after their marriage, keeping Hiram Dixon utterly remote from herself and her sen thenceforward. A high school building to-d&y; occupies the hill where the old hoase stood, and Baby's unpleasant stepfather has lain for years frostlocked and, grass-bound,-'in the outgrown grave-yard, his wife—presumably with her Bun bonnet .over her eyes—beside .him. The railroad and telephone connect Millport 'with all the world, and the town can hardly believe such tales told of its early youth. 