NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Mr. Wright, the Minister of Works, has returned to Sydney from Molong. Over 300 persons visited the Fitzroy Water* falls, Berrima district, on Boxing Day. Hares are increasing in a prolific degree about Tumbarumba, more especially at Rosewood. The contractors have begun running a rail way carriage between Young and Murrum* burrah. A New Year's Eve larkist was fined £10 Sydney for baying maliciously damaged house property. The natives at Samoa are quarrelling their King again. It is leared that they will go to war. The British Government protest hotly against Bismarck's breach of faith in annexing New Guinea. The office of the Master in Equity, rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr. Holroyd, will shortly be filled. The Otago Daily Times protests against the stoppage of immigration for single womei tbey are at a premium. All railway season ticket-holders who neglect to show their tickets when called upon to do so are to be prosecuted. The Federal Minstrel Company in Sydney have struck a new idea. Ladies entering the hall are supplied with a fan. It is reported that amongst the additional members of the land board at Wagga, Mr. H. Baylis, P.M., will be appointed. The Sydney magistrates are severe 011 offenders charged with obscenity, seldom less than a fine of £5 being imposed. Tinned salmon, it seems, has a tendency to poison. A Brisbane woman, after making a supper on salmon, gave up the ghost. It is announced that Mr. James Iaglie, of Sydney, will probably come forward for New England at the next general election. A number of English birds, which were brought out by Captain Wagstaff in the ship La Hogue, have been liberated in Manly. There continues to be a great dearth of female servants at Brisbane, notwithstanding the frequent arrivals of immigrant vessels. A commission agent in Sydney, named Gibroy, attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat with a razor. A close shave. The Government intend to invite tenders for the erection of stores required in connection with the naval depot at Woolioomooloo Bay. The Brisbane Government has determined to replenish the circulation of the silver coinage by the purchase of £50,000 from the Royal Mint. Mr. 5. C. Bussell has received on behalf of the Royal Society of New South Wales a flying machine that has been invented by Lawrence Hargrave. Crushing is going on splendidly at the Johnstone River, Queensland, and a beautiful white sugar is being turned out by a new process at Innisfail. A sculling match between Rowe of Penrith, and Kennedy of Shoalhaven, for £100 a side, has been fixed to take place on, the Nepean on Saturday, March 14. Sir Archibald Micbie thinks that a united remonstrance from the Australian colonies would secure a reversal of the English policy in the Western Pacific. At the Wealth and Industrial Exhibition, Sydney, Mr. George Mulholland, of Oura station, Wagga, was awarded a second prize for general flock wool in bale. A seizure of 2000 cigars was made last week by the Customs authorities on board the China Navigation Company's steamer Taiwan, lying at Smith's Wharf, Sydney. The cricket match between the English Eleven and the Wollongong twenty-two ended in a hollow victory for the visitors, who won by one innings and 64 runs. The wheat crop at Mudgee and Orange this season is said to yield about 30 bushels to the acre. This in a rising market means a good time for farmers in those districts. The total arrivals of wool in Sydney since 1st July to date are 211,470 bales ; the total at the corresponding date last year, 238,966— a decrease'this season of 27,496 bales. A woman died at Tarana on Christmas Day, and through bungling the body was not interred ior six days, awaiting an inquest. The thermometer registered 100° in the shade. The Liberal Association have determined to ask the Minister tor Works to run a Sunday train to Mount Victoria for one month, by way of ascertaining whether it would pay. A man named Ward, who has been stealing horses and shooting a man at Cloncuny, Queensland, has nearly recovered, though he still has a bullet in his stomach and one in his legs. A correspondent of the Ooolstown Independent Asserts that at some of the biche-de-mer fishing -stations there are Papuans and aborigines detained long after their engagement is legally -ovei. It sow appeals uncertain whether F. Archer, fche famous jockey, will proceed from America to Australia, after all, as it isaaid he intends to be home again before the Lincoln Spring Meeting. It is reported from Normanton, Queensland, that a man named Williamson, travelling with cattle, stopped to drink at the Leichhardt River, and was carried oS and eaten by an alligator. ' The great drawback to diamond mining in the 'Bingera district is the scarcity of water. Efforts to construct dams and reservoirs have partially failed owing to the porous nature of the ground. The French man-of-war Dnchaffaut has gone to Mallicolo, in the New Hebrides, to punish the natives for the massacre of Joseph Booth, a white trader who was in the employ of a French company. Mr. A. G. Taylor, M.L.A., has received letter, containing a cheque, from a number of free selectors on the Colombo Creek, near the Tanko, expressing their admiration of his conduct in Parliament. A private telegram from Melbourne states that Baron Maclay has forwarded a cablegram to Prince Bismsrck, informing him that the Maclay Coast natives reject the German annexation in New Gninea. The Hon. Mr. Norton, Postmaster- General, has promised Mr. Levien, M.P., that he will lay the foundation-stone of a new post and telegraph-office worthy of the place, at Tamworth, on the 23rd instant. A Melbourne visitor remarks with surprise the absence in Sydney of light waggonettes to carry four or six passengers. Where more than two people wish to go anywhere, they have to hire two or three cabs. Instructions has been given to the Telegraph Department to take the necessary steps for the illumination of the Jenolan Caves by electricity. These caves were nntil recently known by the name of the Fish River Caves. The land officers who have been ordered to the country districts are anxious to know when they will take up their new appointments. But the " chiefs" of the various departments are unable to afford any information. The Government has secured for three years a lease of the hall attached to the School of Arts in Orange, at £250 per annum, for the Lauds Department; the Department to be at the cost of all alterations and additions. Wollongong is to have a town clock in the court-house tower. The tower and the clock will cost about £1000. The tower will be 70ft. high. The clock will have four faces, each of which will be 6ft. in diameter. A man named Noah Gray had a lucky escape at Riverton. A buggy driven by him collided with a train. The horse was killed. Gray was thrown on the engine, and thence into a culvert. He escaped with slight injuries. The Postmaster-General has decided that supplements of newspapers are not entitled to iree transmission as newspapers unless they bear the imprint of the newspaper publishers, and are issued from the same office as the newspapers. The late Thomas Fisher, has bequeathed about £30,000 to the Sydney University for establishing and maintaining a library ; he has also bequeathed a considerable sum to seven charitable institutions and also to the members of his family. Pumping was commenced at the Cudgellico mine on the 31st ultimo, and the water b as been considerably reduced. The erection of the battery is being proceeded with at the same time, so that crushing may be commenced so soon as the water has been got out. One of the most important of the regulations to be enforced by Major-General Scratchley is that which forbids the sale of liquor, firearms, or explosives to the natives. If the scheme ot German colonization is carried out, complications are likely to arise in this matter. Messrs. Stenning and Mackenzie, who have been boring in the Colo Valley, near Mitta- ^ong, with a diamond drill since November iast year, have at last struck a seam of coal 4ft. 6in. wide, at a depth of 815 feet. The discovery is considered an important one. A matrimonial engagement between Commodore Erskine and Miss Constable, niece of Bishop Barry, of Sydney, is announced. It is said that the young lady has a private fortune of £80,000, and that the Commodore himself has an income ot from £5000 to £7000 a year. The Inspector-General of Police is now filling up the complement of constables provided by Parliament for the current year. Therate of wages having been increased, only men >ossessing all requisite qualifications are selected. There are vacancies ior about fifty recruits. A melancholy accident happened at Wentworth by which Mr. Robinson, owner of the steamer Rover, lost his life. He was trying to save a child which had fallen overboard, and his wife in her excitement steered the vessel from instead of to him. The chiid also perished. Two gentlemen who have arrived at Hay from the hack country in different directions, give deplorable' accounts' of the country. There is nothing but bare plains down the river. Sheep and cattle seem to thrive on "pigfaces," though sheep will only eat it as a last resource. Instructions have been given to Mr. E. Haylock, licensed surveyor, to make a survey which will determine the practicability of diverting the waters of the Snowy River into the Murrumbidgee, and of storing a large body of water at Tantangara Plain, situated at the head of the Mnrrnmbidgee River. The police in Walgett object to carol singing. The local paper complains that notice was given -to some respectable young men that they should be summoned if they sang Hold the Fort," or u Safe in the Arms of Jesus/' in the streets at night. They evidently -want a braoch of the Salvation " Army" in Walgett. . Thomas Wardell, cook on board the Jessie Sinclair, at Sydney, was found floating in the water near that vessel on Sunday. .The^ deceased went on board the ketch the previous night in company with two ' other sailors. They retired for the night, and deceased was not seen afterwards until found in the water. The Northern Railway lines have the unenviable distinction of being the worst managed in the colony. The carriages aie generally dirty and dilapidated, the rate of the travelling is exasperatingly slow, the delays at the stations are phenomenal even for this colony, and the trains are frequently unpunctual. The foundation stone of St. Patrick's new church, Gundagai (the Southern Cross says), is to be solemnly blessed by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Linigan, on St. Patrick's Day, the 17th of March next. The Very Rev. Prior Butler, the eloquent and distinguished Carmelite of Melbourne, will preach the sermon on the occasion. A Morpeth ruffian knocked down a poor old woman named Ryan (" poor old Jack's" wife), aud cut her head very badly. He did this brutal act with a stick. She bled profusely, and it required prompt attention to dress eo serious a wound. The farce lies in this: Murphy, who just managed to fail in killing Mrs. Ryan, was fined £3 10s. Last »eek a bush fire broke out in a paddock at Lake Albert, in the occupation of Mr. Brunkskill, consuming about 100 acres of grass, which was being saved for summer use, and a quantity of fencing. The fire went exceedingly close to the stacks belonging to Messrs. Henwood and Brunkskill. A large quantity of dead timber was consumed. The fresh outbreaks of small-pox which are reported to have occurred in Balmain and Waterloo are causing quite a panic in the localities mentioned. The neighborhood in which the Balmain case was discovered is densely populated, and already a number of persons are removing to other localities, aud some intend to leave the colony. The receipts at the Wagga Wagga land office for the quarter ending 31st December, 1884, are as follows :—Conditional purchase deposits, £7148 2s. 3d.; conditional purcbafe balances, £137 12s. 6d.; instalments, £1320 13s. lid.; interest, £118 3s. 4d. ; preleases, £206 14s. 7d.; sundries, £83 0s. 6d.; auction sales, £708 9s. 10.—total, £9728 16s. lid. By proclamation in the Government Gazette, the Tuggerah and Illawarra Lakes are declared, under the Fisheries Act of 1881, exempt from net fishing during the months of January, February, and March, 1885. The North Arm of Port Stephens and the foreshores of Port Hacking ar? dpp.krpfl pypmpt from the power of leasing under the . Oyster Fisheries Act of " 184. The shooting of a Norwegian named C. G* Kine, at Weasisi, in the New Hebrides, has caused a good deal of surprise among the missionaries, as the offender cannot be traced. It is probable that some further inquiries will be made upon the arrival of the labor schooner Roderick Dhu: at Queensland. This vessel, it is said, was at the island when the affair took place. The second deposits of £150 a aide in the Hanlan-Clifford match have been paid over to the stakeholder, Mr. Thomas Playfair, who now holds £600 out of the £1000. Hanlan'd weight so far has been reduced to list. 31b., and it is probable his rowing weight will be 10st. 101b. Clifford is getting into ?ood condition, and already, itis said, his style ias much improved. Following the lively example of the shoddy cloth and silk merchants, who occasionally perambulate the conntry districts, and succeed in making many victims of misplaced confidence, it is understood that an epidemic of photo, and map publishers is now on the war path; and it would be as well for those in search of such .works to have them authenticated by some well-known firm in Sydney. The tender of Messrs. White and Coghill is been accepted for what is to form the nucleus of the future National Gallery of New South RTales. The contractors have undertaken to complete the work within a period of eight months. Materials are being placed oa the ground, and active preparations are in progress for the commencement of the proposed building. 1 v ^ The Week, which is one of the most influential papers in Canada, sums up the dispute as to the Hanlan-Beach race, which has so much interest in this country, as follows :—" Hanlan is known to be a needy man, fond ol money, given to gambling, and bis only chance to make a considerable sum was to lose the race and lay against himielf—a device which it is only too apparent he resorted to." Mr. C. Farterre, of Wilcannia, gave some interesting information before the Commission for the Conservation of Water respecting the Lachlan flood waters, which he says, if assisted by mechanical means, would reach Lake Gol Gol. He also gave reasons for eup- >osing that the flood waters of the Bfllloo liver, which at times form an immense inland sea, sink in the ground and are lost. Mr. G. W. Waddell, manager of the Australian Joint Stock Bank at Orange, was tho recipient last week of a handsome gold chrono- | graph and an address. He is about to visit 1 the old country. His numerous friends held a soiree in the local Oddfellows' Hall. The jmayor presided, and Mr. J. T. Lane, police, magistrate, made the presentation. A gold bracelet was also presented to Mrs. Waddell. The Government has forwarded by last mail, 400copies of the correspondencer^the Government banking accounts, for distribution among the London papers, banks, and leading financial men. The whole of the correspondence was offered, to the Sydney Morning Herald for publication, but the offer waB coupled with conditions which the Herald could not possibly accept, consequently they have not published it. A man complained to Mr. Addison, Sydney S.M., tbat his wife (who was suing him for maintenance) was "a real bad 'un." She called herself 25 years old when she married him, and had already been married twice, the first husband having died, and she was divorced from the other. " Well," said the magistrate, " marriage is a lottery. You drew your prize—such as it is—and must take the consequence." It is said that Mr. C. T. Studd (says Bell's Life), the cricketer, has made up his mind to become a missionary, end will leave England early in the year, probably for China. Mr. Swann, of the C.U.B.C., will possibly accompany "C. T." If muscular Christianity be worth anything at all, the two " Blues" should prove highly successful in their new field of labor. And they will set out with tbe good wishes of all cricketers and athletes. A well-known commercial traveller wagered a Quirindi medico that Mr. Underwood's American imported Boccaccio cannot trot one mile iD 2 minutes 38 seconds. The wager is for £1000 a side, and the wbole of the money has been deposited in the hands of the manager of tbe Commercial Band, Quirindi. It is stated that Mr. Underwood has telegraphed to Mr. Roberts, of Melbourne, for Mulholland, Boccaccio's former trainer, to bring him." fit" to the post. The event is to comt off in May next. Bushranging on a small scale is reported from Dunkeld, five miles west of Bathurst. A farmer, named Seage, was " stuck up" one night by a man armed with a double-barrelled gun. Seage was robbed of 8s. 6d., all the money he had on him. The same night a woman, the wife of a gardener named Powell, was returning from Bathurst, when she was "siuck up" by another armed bushranger. Mrs. Powell was treated with great indignity, and the sum of 25s. was taken from her pocket. We have it from the Live Stock Department that a set of regulations will shortly he published, based on the recommendations of the Scab Commission. It is not as yet decided on to re-open the ports to cattle and sheep ; but there will be fonnd in the new code provision made for the proper care and quarantining of all live stock, whenever tbe present absurd embargo is removed. This is certainly a step ih the right direction, and one which we accept as foreshadowing something that will be up to requirements. The first number of a new athletic and sporting paper, bearing the appropriate name of Pastime, was published on the 8th inst. Though Sydney has already more than one paper which professes to make a speciality of sporting and athletic news, yet there is something in this new publication which would seem to supply a want. It professes to be a weekly record of "cricket, football, cycling, and athletic sports generally," and as such should meet with the cordial support of the multitude who take an ardent interest in everything of an athletic character. Some time ago a letter wss published by the press, calling attention to the supposed employment of picric acid by some of the local brewers. During the past five years Mr. Watt, the Governmentanalyst, when making analyses of colonial beer, has made search for this particular compound, but baB not succeeded in finding the slightest trace of it. Having allowed some time to elapse after the appearance of the letter referred to, Mr. Watt procured 16 samples of colonial ale and porter through Sub-inspector Lenthall, and specially examined them for picric acid. In no case, however, was there the slightest evidence of any having been added. We understand, from a private source, tbat the existence of the mineral resources of the Liverpool Ranges have recently received a very encouraging endorsement. A wellknown local resident had, in company with some Murrurnndi residents, been subsidising prospectors for silver, etc., among the mountain ranges near Murrurnndi. The existence of silver ore near tbe Isis thereabouts has for many years been known. Now, however, a large quantity of hoematite iron ore has been traced, of very rich quality. Strange to say, running through it was discovered a vein of silver. Portions were taken to Newcastle, and smelted at Rodger's foundry. A Tough assay gave over 60 per cent, of silver, together with traces of gold and lead. A gross outrage was committed in Hyde Park, Sydney, afe w nights since. An apparently respectable middle-aged woman, under the influence of liquor, was seen staggering through that portion of Hyde Park adjacent to Liverpool-street shortly before 10 p.m. She was followed by about a dozen larrikins. Subsequently the woman sat down on the grass. Some of the larrikins were stationed aronnd to keep watch while one tried to criminally assault the poor defenceless woman. A civilian who was standing by at once attempted to in- terfcre, but was peremptorily told by the larrisi" in queatiou that the woman was hw wife The man then went in search of a policeman, but did not succeed in finding one. When he returned to the spot the larrikins and their unfortunate victim were nowhere to be M The lunatic who last week escaped from the Qladesville Asylum was recaptured under somewhat peculiar circumstances. A gentleman who lives at Blandville, on the Parramatta River, sow a man running along the shore in a perlectly nuJe state. Such ail untoward proceeding induced the gentleman to watch the fellow, and shortly afterwards he saw him get into a boat and make preparations for rowing down the river. As the observer claimed this particular craft as his own property, he thought it time to interfere, and accordingly made haste to rescue it. When the nude party found he could not get away in this manner he jumped into the water and swam ashore, and sought with all speed to get out of sight, but his manner was so suspicious and his condition so unpresentable that chase was given, with the result that the lunatic— lor such he proved to be—was captured, and was in due course handed over to the authorities. The Batlurst Free Press states that "on New Year'd Eve a companv of 20 or 30 rowdies marched over the Kelso road and gave vent to their destructive propensities where there was no chance of the police hearing, seeing, or molesting them. They broke the culvert on the road, .and having smashed the roils threw them into he centre of the road, doubtless in the hope that some person would drive over them in the darkness. They then proceeded to demolish the lences in the locality and to remove gates from hinges, &c.;, throwing these also into the road. But they received an unexpected check in one quarter. Some of the young men about the place made n stand, and ao the rowdies were about lifting oue ot the gates from its hangings they were BtarLled by hearing a couple of revolver shots close at baud. One of the yoUDg men had fired over the heads of the marauders with the object of scaring them, and scare them the unexpected noise did. They ran, and the attacking force ran after them. Ansther batch of hoodlums subsequently tried what damage they could do in Kelso, and closed up by hammeriug at .the doors of the local publichousee, seeking drink. They were lorced to retire thirsty, however." 