IN THE BARBER'S SHOP. By FIGARO. "I have glthered a poeie of other mon'. Qowere, and nothing but the thread that binds therm is my own."-MoHTaInza. . . I REFRAINED from offering an opinion in my last poeie as to whether the Englishmen or the Australianes would win the then pending cricket-match. My reti-" conce' wasn't caused by not having formed an opinion on the matter, but because, that opinion being adverse to "our" teami, I. considered it better not to write a word which. might by any chance dispirit them. Now, the match being finished, let m.e, ay' that, though I "anticipated the Englishmen would win, I hadn't the faintest ghost of an idea that their victory would be such a ridiculouily easy one! After' making every" possible. allowance that can be made for a scratch team opposed to an eleven who have been playing together so long, I yet think the Austra lians failed most miserably. The only consolation left me is the fact that defeat, under the circumstances, is more mere torious than success'would have been with the help of the: ostracised ones. 'Tis better to lose with honour than to win with dis honour! Judging the new pastor of the Toorak Presbyterian Church by some of his re ported utterances at the welcome meeting given to him on Tuesday evening, I feel that he's one whom others than Presby terians can 'ordially welcome.. There was a beautiful liberality in his views which we don't always hear from the clergy of his church-or of other churches, for that matter; and if the rev. gentleman acts up to the views he enunciated, I fear he won't find his Victorian path strewn with roses. To wit, are there notf Presbyterians here, both lay and cleric, to whom puch "broad" views as Mr. Lewis uttered will be rankest heresy? ' He, told' his audience that "when in England he numbered men of everyvariety of religious opinion amongst his friends, and in travelling. on the Con tinent he had worshipped in cbmpany with Lutherans, Calvinists, Protest nts ofvarious sorts, and also with the Roman Catholics in their' lovely cathedral.' 'and lonely mountain cell. And' after i~ll these ex periences he would say that while no church was perfect, no church was utterly bad.. He had found good in all and bad in all. What he would like lo see was a friendly rivalry between all' bhe churches." Such views are as refreshing mentally as is bodily the S.outherly breeze which drives back a Northerly " burster."' It' will be something to wonder at if this exceedingly liberal- minded clergyman never finds out that in this colony the " rivalry" he spoke of is not so "friendly" as he " would like to see." But I much fear me he'll not be long in discovering it ain't so, oven in that section of the Australian church of which he is a minister. There's at least one very "Strong" reason for such fpreboding on my part. A few weeks ago- I! received some. half. a.dozen booke from the Australian agent of. the widely.known publishing -firm of Ward, Look and Co., -London. These, with. one exception,., werel reprints of American novels,,having for their chief motif the skill of detectives in unravelling mysterious crimes,, add. nbri ging the per. petrators thereof to deservpd grief. My young readers who've readiEdgar Allan Poe's tales of this kind. will know' it to be no mean praise of the books in question when.I say that the works I'm referring to are not unworthy examples of that kind of fiction. I've read them all through, and can cordially recommend them to such of my readers as are fond of seeing, mysteries unravelled1 The excep. tion I've mentioned is a technical work, professing to give instructions to amateurs how to become their own carpenters As to the merits of this work I could, of course, offer no personal opinion. So I handed it over to one of the craft, and his verdict is that, though a good " tradesman" wouldn't fiud much, if anything, in it that he didn't know, there was a store of infor- mation that should be most useful to any amateur who wishes to become " his own carpenters" and that I consider to be very high praise. That good often springs out of evil is so well known as not to require demonstration from me. Everybody knows it to be fact, though it's often questioned whether the resultant benefit is a fair quid pro quo for the causative evil. Thus 'it may be questioned if the two guineas put into the poor-box of the Prahran Police Court on Monday, by witnesses in the case of Ely v. Crews, may' not do more harm than they would have done had they been left in the pockets of the owners.. That there was a legal right to demand them can't be dis puted, for you may rest assured that if it hadn't existed Mr. McKean wouldn't have' "tossed"' the cash over... But I need hardly tell you that it's not always wise to exact a legal: right. And I incline to think.it so in this instance., Without any sympathy forthe defendant, with the further knowledge that the witnesses didn't benefit themselves to the extent of a farthing by claiming what the law allows, and with the full knowledge that some poor people will benefit by their insistance on being paid the recogu?ed 'e;expenses8, I yet feel that it vould have been wiser if the claim had been foregone. For its only effect will be to increase the bitterness which this case bas already evoked; and that, goodness known, is already far too bitter. An application was made to the St Kilda Council on Monday evening by the commanding officer of the St. Eilda Artil lery, which I regret the Council, as a Council, couldn't respond to favourably,. Major Hacker wanted the Council to < " grant a trophy to be shot for . under somewhat similar conditions as the trophy given by the Council some years ago."' . I can't recall how such a trophy ar that referred to came to,.be granted. It may be that the municipal laws were not su strict thefn as they are now on such matters. Or, if they were, that the coun? cillors of those days were not so careful to keep within.the four conters of the law as are oar preaent-day ones, who carried are QolitontAo effect that tbhe Mjor be informed tho Council could not [legally, I suppose] grant: any money out of. th municipal funds for such a purpoPe. They. however, intimated that they would "con sider the matter privately." I've little doubt that this private consideration will bear gdod fruit., And if the Council will only aeoc the ratepayers to co-opera.e with them ip raising a fiund to purchase ga trophy,1. I feel sure a sum. will be sub scribed, sufficient to procure a far more valuable one than could have been got for the 'mot liberal, amount the Council would have vqted, had-it been free to do so. The :action' of the N.S.W. ý Government il sendirig troops to the Soudriai without the sanction : of. Parliament-which was admitted on all hands to be an unconsti. tutionai action--has been ratified by the Parlian4entoftbat colony. TheUpperHouse was p'actically unanimous.. Not so the Lower., .bhe debate on the subject there extended over a week, and the result on the diviision was 64J votes for the "white. washing ". and. 23 against.. I can't say I'm. eit er surprised at or sorry for that; althougeh I should have been better pleased if the iuipulsiveness which led Mr. Dalley and his; colleagues to take the step they did ha4n't been yielded-to. As it was, an adverse vote would have been oven more regrettable than I hold their rash action to have been. For the milk being spilt beyond all possibility of gathering it up again crying pver it wouldn't mend the matter. But that under such unpopular circum. stances 23 votes were recorded in opposition to the ;whitewashing motion is, I think, somethiug for the Ministry to ponder over 