THE V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. THREE SOUTH AIJSTR1- LIAN VICTORIES. Melbourne Cup. fBy Telegraph.! ? IFrom our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, November 3. The Cup Day of 1885 must be set down as the most successful of all Cup Days. The morning was perfect as regarded the weather. There was a cloudless sky and not a breath of wind, Iu the forenoon a breeze sprang up, but it was never sufficiently strong to raise the dust disagreeably, and, besides, the rain of the Derby Day had done its work in keeping the city free of itB chief bugbear. From an early hour the city presented a most stirring spectacle. People from all the suburbs poured in by rail and bus and cab, and Bourke, Collins, Elizabeth, and Swanston streets were scenes of wonderful animation. So fine was the weather that great numbers of people were tempted into leaving for the course early, and the road had more than its usual number of patrons. The early comers at th.e course had the chance of a seat on the Stand ; later comers had nothing but disappointment in this respect. The Grand Stand was soon taken up, and a seat was not to be got in it after the first race. The upper stand is without a roof, and the discomfort of sitting in it all the afternoon without any shade from the blazing sun was too great to be borne. The hill, with its vast assemblage of humanity, cut off the northerly breeze, which had some coolness in it, from the Slaud and the paddock, where the heat was felt in an extreme degree ; but on the lawn the breeze had play, and many ladies who found it altogether impossible to brave the stifling discomf ort of the Grand Stand, where never a seat could be had, spent the whole afternoon about the lawn. It was here that the finest view could be had of tbe costumes. These were quieter than those of past years, the shades being more sober in tint. Cream and white ^were particularly noticeablein richness and good taste, if not in display. The dreeeeB certainly compared favourably with those of past years. Amongst some of the richest costumes were to be seen a very rich gold-and-white brocade, the front being covered with point d'Alenfon, caught up on one side, with bodice to match, with lace vest and collar and cuffs, and band of sapphire velvet; a ficelle silk, covered with Soudan lace, tbe full skirt draped lightly upon the left to show bands of striped and shaded brown, with silk bodice to match the bands, and plain lace vest; a^ costume of moss-green Merveilleux, combined with embroidered net, withjaplain skirt edged with a ball fringe, pointed bodice with plain vest laced at waist, draperies of embroidered net, and a large scarf of satin Merveilleux; a striped golden brown Merveilleux embossed with gold flowers, with front of rich corded chcenut and brown silk vest of plaited velvet and gold collar and cuffs of velvet; a rich pink silk with alternate stripes of velvet, wings of rich though subdued hues and lace over a blue ground, bonnet and _ parasol to match; a costume of old gold satin, with brown ekirt, embroidered with fawn and gold lace, with a design of daisies j a costume of coffee lace over moss- green satin vest, and a bow of the same; a cream lace costume, with a vest of ruby velvet; a green canvas cloth ccBtume, with a vest and skirt of flowered silk, with chartreuse velvet at tbe waist, matching the collar and cuffs; a costume of ruby - coloured broch£ velvet and satin with a bonnet ornamented with two canary birds to match, and diamond ornaments. The viceregal party arrived on the course before the first race. Sir Henry Loch drove the party in a four-in-hand drag. He was accompanied by Lady and Master Loch, Sir William Robinson, Sir Frederick Broome, Admiral Tryon, Captain Lake, Lord Castleiose, Captain Traill, and others. On arrival the band played the National Anthem, and also on their departure, which was after the last race but one. As the time for the great race of the day approached the UntiiDauue unAtwbca Vnauv,- x^ia ijuUcvctt-oii all hands that it was larger than ever before. This was borne out by the fact that £200 more than any previous year was taken as entrance-money on the course itself, and it is expected that the railway's taking will Bwell this to £500. The sight as the horses got into line for the Cup and Mr. Watson approached his difficult task of getting his big field off _ was most impressive. There was a mighty silence. Every person showed an eager expectancy to see the horses sweep up the straight running and pass the Judge's hox. The fence along both sides of the course was lined with spectators on the flat, every particle of fencing had its crowd of occupantB, on tbehill tbe people were packed so close that it seemed impossible to drop a pin between any two of them, the Grand Stand and Lawn were all full as full could be, and everywhere people had their eyes turned towards the starting- post. The scene was most impressive. Again at the finish was there an opportunity of discovering bow vast was the concourse., for from the flat opposite the Stand and down beyond the Lawn came thousands trooping to the Judge's box to see the winner and his followers led in, and to hear and join in the Peering that greeted the winner and his jockey. After the Cup began the move homewards, and the crush at this moment in the Stand and its vicinity was extreme. The passages and stairways were completely blocked for a time, and the heat was most oppressive. The return railway arrangements, which were the subject of so much complaint on the Derby Day, showed considerable improvement today. There was no keeping large crowds waiting behind barred gates whilst the platform was being cleared at the slowest of slow rates. Trains were rapidly brought forward. There was almost no crushing, but as fast as people came out of the gates they were got into the trains and were off to the city. The general verdict was that the Melbourne Cup of 1885 was a greater Euccess than any of the previous years. There was unquestionably a larger number of people present than ever before. The weather was simply delightful, the company was composed of the leading people of the Australian Colonies, the race was interesting and exciting, and the field was the biggest in the history of the Cup, and was representative of all the colonies, including New Zealand. To what dimensions the Cup will swell ere many years are over it iB impossible to say. _ Year by year it has gone on increasing in attraction and popularity. Already it has outgrown even the admirable and extensive arrangements for accommodation of visitors which have been made by the V.R.C. The Grand Stand was not half big enough to-day, the bookmakers paddock was so crammed that getting about 1 m it was almost impossible, and even the refreshment bars were utterly inadequate iu size to accommodate their patrons. The club, it is apparent, will have to make further extensive improvements at no distant date. There were many to-day who vowed they never again would visit the course on Cup Day, but spite of all discomforts it is certain tha the Cups of 1886 and many succeeding ones will see them visitors at Flemington, (From our Special Reporter.] j Although rather warm, a better day for racing could not have been wished for. The atmosphere was light, with little or no wind, and those who walked down the running-ground on their way to the course found tne going in splendid condition for making fast time—a state of things which few would have prophesied on Saturday or Sunday. With such a mild opening as that rovided in the Railway Stakes early arrivals Ead plenty of time in which to collect the latest Cup information. After strolling along the terrace and inspecting the Stand, which was crowded at the early hour of 12, the crush of people round the tower, about which the betting men congregated and exchanged ideas on the probabilities of the day, prevented those not feeling absolutely compelled to struggle through the crowd from getting within earshot of the leading pencillers, but from the outskirts of the charmed circle we saw that Remus and Honeydew were the only horses yet obliterated for the Cup, and it was in everybody's mouth that Trenton was travelling badly in the market. What was the matter with the handsome Maorilander we could not gather, but the idea that something was wrong appeared general. Then Grace Darling was reported to be suffering from the effects of the heat, and gossip was bnsy with the names of several other prominent candidates, comment in some cases being favourable to tbe animals' chances, and sometimes the reverse. Before the jockeys were weighed out for the first race the numbers of Uralla and Winchester disappeared from the board, leaving thirty-five on the card, and thiB number was not further diminished. While tbe talent were cogitating as to whether Winchester or Ieonomy was the correct thing to back for the Railway Stakes, the Hon. Wi Robinson decided the matter by scratching Winchester, and off then the noble army of backerswent into the ringandboldly taid odds on Isonomy. The half-brother of Sardius vtaB set a very : easy task, but there was money behind First Prince and Parwan, both of whom have shown fair form at times. There was some delay in getting the field away, as the crowd was EO great at the starting-post that Mr. Watson had to get some assistance from the police before te ccu'd get tbe course cleared. From the time the flag fell Isonomy never gave his backers the slightest cauBe tor uneasiness. He was pulling double all the way, and won in a common canter from Fiist Prince and Baron Neckar. With Maddelina one of a party of six which did battle for the Kensington Stakes it was another case of laying odds on, as the Lockleys filly's [second in the Maribjrnong Plate made her read very like a certainty in this company. Thanks to the Kiug- Bton party again standing by The Nun, backers ot Maddelina only had to lay 6 to 4 on the filly. Again backers had a happy time, as Maddelina jumped away in front and squandered her field in the most decided fashion, Weasel starting to pull up before the post was passed. AB there were selling conditions attached to this race the winner was submitted to auction, and after some keen competition she was bought by Mr. W. A. Long for 620 guineas. Luncneon followed, and while this was going ten competitors Baddled up for the Hurdle Race. As two races had already fallen to South Australia backers thought .it good business to follow Brigand, who was in splendid form and had the assistance of Corrigan. Gasalier s running with the Agent made her a great favourite with many, and outside these two Ravensworth and Agitation had most - friends, neither the stable nor the public having any fancy for Ruby, despite the fact that she had been well schooled over hurdles since her failure at Caulfield. The race was run at a tremendous pace, MiBtake and Brigand leading most of the way, and it was a very pretty sight to see the field passing along the inside of the course through the lines of people congregated by the different hnrdles. Two falls occurred, Duration and Insolvent coming to grief, and half a mile from home Mistake and Brigand were still in front with Ravensworth, Gasalier, and Ruby CIOBO handy. The crowd on the rails almost hid ' the horses as they came round the turn, and backers of Brigand saw with dismay, as [the leaders came into the straight, that he had disappeared from the front, and that Ravensworth, Ruby, .and Gasalier were right away from their field. The run home was most onesided, aB before reaching the last hurdle Ruby left the other two as if they were standing, and scored the third win for Adelaide. Brigand broke down badly two hurdles from home, ' and could hardly hobble into the paddock. The great event of the day came next, and there was the usual stampede to the paddock; but as upnal the crowd was so great that very little could be seen of the hordes. Mr. White's corner was eagerly sought after, and Mr. Fennelly had his two charges ready for the fray very early, Trenton was also much sought after, and it may here be remark^ that the opposition to this horse in the morn' ing died away before the last wager on the race was written, and left him firmer than ever.* One of the most enquired for was Stornaway, vTJ> was in strong favour with backers at the finish, Q S^d others that the publie declared in favour oi ^ere Sheet Anchor and Grace Darling—a pair of good honest public performers that were bound to commend-, themselves to the notice of thesein search of a probable winner. Blink Bonny, an uncertain but brill lane mare was not neglected, nor was Acolyte, another of the reliable soit, but overweighted on this occasion. The mysterious Warwick would not go down, but his game little comanion, LBrown-and-Kose, had her friends: and Eiverpool must have disappointed hundreds wbo followed him on the faith of the many brilliant gallops he did on the Flemington fiat in the early morning. Bosworth, the ancient brother to Richmond, carried himself very gaily considering the years of service he his seen, but handsome Lord Wilton has not yet recovered the accident he bad at Caulfield. St. John, Arsenal, PlauBible, Cerise-and-Blue, Metal, Lord Exeter, and Coriolanus all had their friends, but little or no attention was paid to the wiry Minerva, who was destined to recall recollections of Zulu to the bookmakers as she came round the turn for home. As was the case at Caulfield, the parade was dispensed with. Lord Wilton was the first to leave the paddock, and then came Mr. White's pair, followed by First Chester, Grace Darling, Britisher, and Cyclops. One after another they filed through the gate, the last three to SfEe&J;? and i . ^ ^ r o ^ m ^ o T O s competitors were contented with a steady canter, but Despot and Nordenfeldt hit out in fine style, and Sheet Anchor, Warwick, and Brown-and- Rose strode along, but these were the only ones extended. No time was lost iu getting to the post, and after Mr. Watson had ridden down the line and got them into position down went the flag, and a hoarse murmur from a thousand throats announced that the Melbourne Cup of 1885 was being decided. With a few exceptions the lot Degan well, and they must have gone nearly a quarter of a mile before the brilliant Prometheus carried his colours to the front; but as they came to the Stand First Chester put in a claim for leadership, and he was in command passing the Judges box, while the backers of the favourites were delighted to Bee Nordenfeldt and Trenton were right up with the leaders. First Chester maintained his p<»ition all along the river stretch, but coming to the abattoirs, the outsiders, Metal and Velocipede, cut him down in the most summary manner. Still Nordenfeldt kept near the front, but Trenton had dropped back, and Sheet Anchor creeping along the rails waB seen to be within easy distance of the leadeis. Between here and tbe half-mile post St. John, Minerva, and Cerise-and-Blue looked dangerous, but at the turn some of these had faded away, and Minerva was leading Sheet Anchor with Nordenfeldt next. In the straight Sheet Anchor was first with Minerva and Nordenfeldt next, and when Grace Darling and Trenton had cleared the beaten lot the five settled down to fight out the most exciting race ever seen at Flemington. Sheet Anchor's backers were thoroughly at ease up to the distance, but from this point Grace Darling and Trenton were catching him fast, and the gallant Nordenfeldt was also sticking to the uphill task before him with such determination that his backers still had hopes of victory. Once she got clear of Minerva, Grace Darling challenged vigorously, and got the better of Nordenfeldt, but O'Brien rode Sheet Anchor out with great determination, and neither the mare nor Trenton had lairly got to him as the chair was passed. Although the Judge's verdict was only a head between first and second, Trenton, who was going faster than anything in the last few. strides, was barely a head behind Grace Darling. Nordenleldt and Minerva were also very close up, and as the five passed the box the scene was something to be seen. Sheet Anchor's number was generally anticipated, but it was a relief to his supporters when they saw it exhibited. Mr. Wakely distinguished himself by hoisting Blink Bonny's number instead of Grace Darling's, but this error was speedily rectified. The winner was bred in Tasmania, but is owned by Mr. M. Loughlin, of Ballarat. He has been consistently backed from the time of the weights, and was first favourite at one time, but was knocked back in the betting laBt week owing to being beaten In a trial. The Ballarat division win very heavily by his victory, Mr. Loughlin's winnings being stated at £20,000, but of course the ring would have suflered more if Nordenfeldt, Trenton, Liverpool, or Despot had won. The time is the fastest on record in Australia, but, as mentioned, before, the day was very favourable to record, breaking. After the Cup a good field of uveniles went to the post for the Nursery Handicap, but bellow Jacket, who was made . a hot favourite, beat his field very easily. The Yan Yean Stakes wound up the proceedings, and again backers had no difficulty in picking the winner, as Merrimu was literally thrown into the handicap, and after getting off none too well he ran through his horses in the straight and won easily. The following are the results :— BAILWAT STAKES. A sweepstakes of 3 SOTS, each, I ft., with 103 edded. for three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. Winner of any race (not a handicap) of the value of 100 SOTS, to carry 7 lb. extra; of two or more such Tsces, 10 lb. extra. Maidens if three years oldallowed 3 lb.; four years or upwards allowed 7 lb. One mile and a quarter. , , Mr. M. Locke's b.c. Isonomy, by Winterlake— Euby, 3 yrs., 7 st. 12 lb. (Quinn) 1 Mr. M. O'thanassy's br.c. first Prince, 3 yrs., 8 st. 5 lb. (Moore) 2 Mr. A. Davies's b g. Baron Necker, 3 yrs., 7 st. 9 lb. (Flannaganj Mr. J. Wbittinpham's br.c. Paxwan, 3 y;s.. 7 at 1-2 lb. (Trahan). Mr. (Brownl. J. Albert*s b.c. Perchance, 3 yrs., 7 st 7 lb Prince Betting—6 and Parwan. to 2 on Isonomy, 6 to 1 each seat ^ First After a short delay Isoncmy and First Prince cot L the best of a bad start, Perchance and Parwan bang Eeveral lengths behind. Isonomy on the inside, and Baron Necker cut out the work from Perchance, and at the abattoirs these three were racing abreast. After passing the sheds Perchar.te began to fade away, and Isonomy coins at his ease led Baron Necker into the straight. Here First Prince made his run. and Quin shook np Isonomy. wbo at once left his opponents and won in a common canter by three lengths. Firrt Prince beat Eaton iieifcet by a head for second place, with Pdrwan close up, and Perchance beitea off. Time, 2 min. 14J sec. KENSINGTON STAKES. A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, S ft., with 860 SOTS, added. For two- year-olds—colts, 8 st. 5 lb.; fillies, 8 st. The winner to be sold for £300. No selling allowances. Five furlongs. Mr. L. Watson's ch.f. Maddelina, by Neckeragat—Meg Merrileea, 8 at. (Weazel) .. .. x Mr. W. D. Eobertson's b.f. Hie Nan, by First King—Pilerimage, 8 st. (Moore) 2 Mr. J. H. Hill's b e. Telephone, by Englishman— Catepaw, 8 St. 6 lb. (Campbell) _ .. . . 3 Mr. M. Fennelly's ch.f. Brigantine, by Wilberforce—Nancy Lee, 8 st. (Ellis). Mr. J. Redfern's br.t Aspromonte, by Darriwell —Lulu, 8 st. (Wark). Mr. S. G. Cook's br.c. Mainsail, by B&pid; Bay— Misfortune, 8 st. 6 lb. (Sanders). Betting—6 to 4 on Maddelina, 6 ti 2 agst. The Nun, 5 to 1 Telephone. At the first attempt tbe flag fell to a fair start, Maddelina being first away from Brigantine and Telephone, and the favourite crossed the tan with a clear lead of Telephone, next to whom came The Nun, with Aspromonte last. Entering the course proper. Telephone cat across the course, and left ^"ddelina with a long lead, which she maintained HURDLE RACE. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 SOTS. each. 2 ft,, with 250 added; second horse to receive 50 sovs. out of the stake. About three miles. Messrs. W. & A. Crenel's bi.m. Ruby, by Lapldist—Mince Pie, aged, 9 st. 11 lb (O' Srien) .. 1 Mr. J. Mayo's b.c. Havens worth, 4 Yrs., 10 st. 2 4 lb. (Batty) •• Hon. W. Pearson's b.m. Gasalier, 6 yrs., 10 st. 61b. (Gardiner) 3 Mr. J Criops's bl.h. Duration, aged, 12 st. 3 lb. (McLeod). Mr. G. Cohen's ch. m. Royal Mud, aged, 11 st. 12 lb. (Kilduff). Mr. J. Ware's b.g. Insolvent, 6 yrs., 10 sL 13 lb. (Carey). Mr. A. Saqui's b.h. Mistake, 6 yrs., 10 st. 10 lb. (McGowan). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's b in. Agitation, aged, 10 st. , 7 lb. (Furgusson). r. J. Cox's g.g. Student, aged, 10 st. 7 lb. (Clone). Mr. H. B. Tothill's b.g. Brigand, aged, 9 st. 7 lb. (Corrigan). Betting—5 to 2 agst. Brigand, 3 to 1 Gasalier, 6 to 1 each Agitation and BaTensworth, 10 to 1 Buby and Student. Directly the word was given Mistake went to tbe front and led Royal Maid, Brigand, and Agitation over the first hurdle, Ravensworth being at the bead of the others, with Insolvent bringing up the rear. After rounding the turn Mistake increased bis lead to four lengths, Brigand being two lengths clear of Royal Maid, with Gasalier and Bavensworth at tbe head of the others, who were keeping close order. The order was much the same passing the bridge, but at the sheds Mistake and Brigand jumped together, Bavensworth, Royal Maid, and Gasalier being three lengths off. with Insolvent, Student, and Agitation bringing up the rear. At the turn Mistake was in front again, and he led'Brigand into the straight, but at the Stand the pair jumped together, with Bavenswortli, Gasalier, Royal Maid, and Buby in close attendance, the last two being Duration and Agitation. At the river Mistake held a trifling advantage over Brigand and Royal Maid, with the others well np, and here Duration felL Brigand and Mi«rtnir« were together again at the bridge, Gaealier being two lengths behind the pair, and just dear of Bavensworth and Ruby, while Agitation made an : expiring effort, and straggled into the front rank. At the sheds the two Leaders, Mistake and Brigand, were still well in front, with Bavensworth, Gasalier, and Baby in place, but at the bardie by the turn the two leaders were collared, and BavenBworth led into the straight from Buby, with Gasalier next. - Before reaching the distance Buby was seen to be running over the Sydney horse, ana jumping the last hurdle safely, she won in a canter by four lengths. Gasalier was the same distance off third, with Agitation and Brigand together: Next to them came Student and Mistake, with Royal Maid coming in last. Time, S min. 33 sec. THE MELBOURNE CUP. A handicap sweepstakes of 20 aovs. each, with 1,000 sovs. added. The handicap weight of the winner of the A. J.C. or V.R.C. Derby to be not less than 7 st. 5 lb., and the winner of any handicap race of the value of 100 sovs. after the declaration of the weights to carry 3 lb. extra ; of any such race of the value of 200 sovs., 5 lb. extra; of any such race of the value of 600 sovs., 7 lb. extra; penalties not cumulative. The Becond horse to receive 300 sovs , and tbe third horse200 sovs. out of the stake. Two miles. Mr. M.XongbIin'sbr.h. Sheet Anchor, aged, by St. Albans—Queen Mary, 7 st. 11 lb. (M. O'Brien) 1 Mr. J. G. Beid'a ch.m. Grace Darling, 6 yrs., by Diver—Zoe, 7 st. 6 lb. (Williams) 2 Mr. D. O'Brien's b.h. Trenton, 4 yrs., by Musket —Frailty, 7 st. 13 lb. (Robertson) 3 Mr. B. G. Talbot's ch.m. Blink Bonny, aged, by St: Albans—Medea, 8 st. S lb. (Blair). Mr. A. Halinbourg*8 br.h. Acolyte, 4 yrs., by Newminster—Nightingale, 8 st. 1 lb. (Sanders). Mr. B. W. Ellis's ch.h. Lord Wilton, fi yrs., by Countryman—Instep, 8 st (Ivemy). Mr. C. J. Brackenregs b.h. Tom Brown, 5 yrs., by Kelpie—Happy Thought, 8 st. (Gainsforth). Mr. B. Phillips's b.h. Kit Nubbles, 6 yrs., by Tae Diver—Little Nell, 7 st. 12 lb. (Colley). Mr. D. Robertson's br.h. Coriolanus, aged, by Tubal Cain—Pauline, 7 st. 12 lb. (Moore). Mr. M. Bryant's br.h. Bosworth, aged, by Martbymong—The Fawn, 7 st. 9 lb. (Riley). Mr. A. F. Smart's b.h. Warwick, 6 yrs., by Manbymong—The Fawn, 7 st. 9 lb. (B. Gough). Mr. A. Halinbourg's b.h. St. Lawrence, 5 yrs., by Glorious—Perfection, 7 st. 9 lb; (Smith). Hon. W. Pearson's b.g. Plausible, 6 yrs., by Vagabond—Plaudit, 7 st. 8 lb. (Power). Hon. W. Robinson's ch.h. Liverpool, 4 yrs., by King of Clubs—Idalia, 7 st. 8 lb. (Derrit). Mr. J. Whittingham's br.h. Prometheus, 6 yrs., by Tubal Cain—Lurline, 7 st. 6 lb. (Trahan). Mr. A. B. Robertson's b. or br. c. Dunlop, 3 yrs., by Neckersgat—Etta, 7 st. 6 lb. (Foote). **jrs.,f)y ^fasFei—LooketC 7'st.*5 lb (Huxtabie)." Mr. T. Henty's b.h. Stornaway, 4 yrs., by King of the Ring—Norma, 7 st. 5 lb. (Musgrove). Mr. W. J. Smart's br.h. Velocipede, 6 yrs., by Fenman—Vesper, 7 st. 4 lb. (Burton). Hon. J. Whites br.c. Nordenfeldt, 3 yrs., by Musket-Onyx, 7 st. 6 lb. (EUis). Mr. B. Bonse, jun.'s ch-h. Wing, 5 yrs., by Grandmaster—Queen Bee, 7 st. S lb. (Moniker). Mr. M. Jacob's bl.b. Hilltop, 6 yrs., by Maribyrnong—Lady Belmore, 7 st. 4 lb. (Warke). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's br.h. St. John. 6 yrs., by Conrad—Bnphrosyne, 7 st. 3 lb. (Flannagan). Hon. J. White's g.h. Despot, 6 yrs., by Maribyrnong—Silverhair, 7 st. 2 lb. (McAuliffe). Mr. W. B. Hall's »;h.h: Lord Exeter, 4 yrs., by j Julian Avenel—Tiara, 7 st. 1 lb. (Williamson). Mr. A. F. Smart's ch.m. Brown-and- Bose, 4 yrs., by Somnus—Gigler, 7 st. (Gough), Mr. M. Loughliu's b.g. Britisher, aged, by John Bull—Favourite, 6 st. 11 lb. (Fallon). Mr. W. Kelso's br.c. First Chester, 3 yrs., by Chester—Marie Stuart, 6st. 10 lb. (J. William?). Hon. W. Pearson's b.c. Arsenal, 3 yrs., by Goldsborough—Powder, 6 st 9 lb. (T. Brown). Mr. H. J. Bowler's b.m. Minerva, 5 yrs., by St. George—Miss Flat, 6 st. 8 lb. (Curran). Mr. M. Jacobs's c.b. Metal, 4 yrs., by Tubal Cain —Stockrose, 6 st. 6 lb. (Redfern). Mr. F. Henry's b c. Cyclops, 3 yrs., by St. Albans —Jewess, 6 st. 3 lb. (Johnston). Mr, A. F. Bradahaws ch.h. Yellow Hammer, 5 yrs., by Yellow Jacket—Garnett, 6 st (Guy). Mr. M. Thompson ns. b.m. Cerise-and-Blue, 4 yrs., by Wilberforce—Myrtle, 6 st. (Gorry). Mr. S. Davis's br.m. Lesbia, 0 yrs., by Tim Whiffler—Peerless, 6 st (McDowall). Betting—5 to 1 agst Nordenfeldt, 7 to 1 agst. Trenton, 10 to 1 each agst Liverpool and Despot, 15 to 1 each agst. Sheet Anchor, Kit Nubbles, and Stornaway, 20 to 1 each agst. Acolyte, Gra% Darling, and Brown-and-Bose, 25 to 1 each agst. Lord Exeter, Cerise-and-Blue, and St. John, 30 to 1 each agst. Blink Bonny, Coriolanus, Warwick, Plausible, Arsenal, and Metal, SO to 1 each agst. Lord Wilton, Tom Brown, Prometheus, Dunlop, Thunderbolt, Britisher, First Chester, and Minerva, 69 to 1 agst. Velocipede, 100 to 1 each agst. Lesbia, Cyclops, miltop, St. Lawrence, and Bosworth, 200 to 1 agst. Yellow Hammer. Mr. Watson had no sooner got them in order at the post than without a single failure the flig was lowered to a splendid start, the whole field appearin? to spiing away together. After going a few stiirtes Brown-and-Bose, Trenton, Lord Exeter, Dunlop; Prometheus, and Britisher were prominent in the front rank, and as they enteied the course proper Trenton, Thunderbolt, Prometheus, - and First Chester seemed to be leading Arsenal, Lord Exeter, Dunlop, and Nordenfeldt, while Yellow Hammer could be plainly discerned lengths in the rear of everything. Approaching the distance Prometheus had established a clear lead from Lord Exeter, Trenton, and Dunlop, next to whom came Kordenfeldt, First Chester, Thunderbolt, and Plausible, the whole of this lot being spread over the course on very even terms. Some changes took place coming along the lawn, and passing the Judge's box First Chester just put his head in front of Prometheus and Thunderbolt, with Trenton and Kordenfeldt side by side next, and tben Minerva, Velocipede, Blink Bonny, and Dunlop at the head of a great cluster, the field being whipped in by Lord Wilton and Yellow Hammer, who were lengtbs in the rear of everything. As they rounded the turn First Chester drew away from the field, and opposite tbe wharf booth he was a length to the good, with Thunderbolt double thai distance in front of Prometheus, who was leading Trenton, Nordenfeldt, and Minerva abreast, with •Velocipede aad Plausible most prominent of the others. First Chester continued to carry his colours t] the fore as they swept along the riverside, and passing the mile-and quarter post he was still a length clear of Thunderbolt, who had Prometheus, Nordenfeldt, and Trenton on his girths, with Velocipede, Minerva, and Warwick most prominent of the main body, who were still being whipped in by Yellow Hammer. At tbe bridge Norden* feldt and Prometheus were in attendance upon First Chester with Velocipede just clear of Thunderbolt. Minerva, and Trenton, but before the abattoirs were reached there were some important changes. Metal having made a rapid Tun on the outside, and settled down in front with Velocipede, the pair abreast being quite two lengths clear of First Chester, while Nordenfeldt, Minerva, Sheet Anchor, and Cerise-and-Blue were at the big bay's heels, Trenton having dropped back several places. Passirg the sheds Metal and Velocipede side by side were still in command, with Ceriseand-Blue on tbie inside next, St. John and Minerva being cn her quarters, and then came Nordenfeldt, Sheet Anchor, and Britisher, while Trenton, Liverpool, and Grace Darling could be seen at the head cf the main body as they c une sweeping by the fivefurlong post. When they left the half-mile post, and began to make the bend into the straight, Minerva, going remarkably well, was up leTel With Velocipede, and tben cams Nordenfeldt, Metal, and Sheet Anchor, while Trenton and Grace Darling were rapidly deserting the rest of the field. On making the turn Velocipede collapsed suddenly, and for a tew strides Minerva was left in undisputed possession of the lead, but O'Brien now made his run on the inside with Sheet Anchor and passing Minerva the Ballarat hferse was tirst into the straight, with Nordenfeldt at Minerva's keels and then Browa-and-Rose and Trenton on the cutside, Grace Dariiog making her run on the jails. Sheet Anchor held a clear lead of Mintrra at the distance, with Nordenfeldt in the centre, Grace Darling on the rails, and Trenton on tbe whip hand catching the leaders fast, the five being right away from the field. Sheet Anclnr always held Minerva tafe, bat Gi^jj D^iliu.', Nordenfeldt, and Trenton kept struggling on, and at the beginning of the Stand u'Brien on t,htet Anchor sat down and rode with a will. In tbe last hundred yards Grace Darling and Trenton were both going faster than Sheet Anchor, but they could not quite make up their ground, and &fter; a desperate struggle Sheet Anchor got home l;v a long head from Grace Darling, who only beat Trenton by half a head for secoad place. Nordenfeldt was only half a neck from Trenton, while Minerva's head was on the New Zealander's shoulder, and no one conld be certain of the platings until the numbers went up. After these fire there was a long gap, and then came St Lawrence, Lesbia, Metal, aad Araanai, the last four being Yellow Hammer, Bosworth, Dunlop, and Thunderbolt, the latter walking in. Time, S min. 28J sec. WINNERS OF THE MELBOURNE CUP. Yr. I Owner. | Winner. AjWgt^S.! Rider. T. y. stlb. 1861 DeMestre Archer fi H 7 L7CuttS.. .. 52 1862 De Mestre Archer 6 10 2 20 Cutts.. .. 3 47 1863Harper ..|Banker .. s fi 4 7Chifney .. 44 1864,'H. Fisher jLantern.. 3 6 3 19 Davis 52 1865 Marshall iToryboj a 7 0 23 Kavanagh 44 1866 J. Tait .. Tb The ~ Barb ' 3 fi 111 28 W. Davis.. 43 X887 De Mestre T Whiffler n S 11* 27 Driscoll .. 3 sa J.Tait .jGlencoe.. 4 9 1* 25 Stanley .. 42 Saqui ..[Warrior.. fi 10 aa Morrison.. 3 4(1 1870 W. Craig Nimblfo't a S S* 28 Day .. .. 37 1871 J. Tait .. The Pearl 5 7 H* Cavenagh 3 39 1872 J. Tait .. The Qu'ck 6 7 10* 22 W. Ender'n 39 1873 Johnson i Don Juan 4 3 12 24 W.Wilson 3 3fi 1874 Chimside Haricot 4 6 7* 18 F.Pigot .. 337* 1875 Sharp Wollomai 6 7 8 20 El. Batty .. 3 38 1S76 J. Wilson Briseis .. 3 i 4 33 St. Albans 33fi+ 187 J. White Chester.. •i 6 Hi P. Pigott.. 1878 DeMestre Calamia S 30 1879 Hawlinsn T.Brown.. Darriwell 5 7 4 27 Cracknell 18S0 W.A.L'ng G.Fl'neur 1881 M'Donnfl 3 10 22 T. Hales .. 3 34 Zulu _ . J.E. SavII 4 6 10 32 Gough .. 332^ Assyrian J. White 5 10 2ft Hutchins.. 3 40 J.O.Inglis Marfni H 3 7 S 2!) w'ill'amw 330* Langhlin Malua 6 9 9 24 Robertson 3311 a 7 11 35 M. O'Brien 329} "Including 3 lb. penalty, t Including 2 lb. over. NURSERY HANDICAP. A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft., with 200 added; second horse to receive SO sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. For two-year-olds. Five furlongs. | Mr. W. A. Long'sb.c. Yellow Jacket, by Drummer —Baroness, 7 st 4 lb. (Williamson) .. .. 1 Mr. B. Gray's b. or br. c. Retort, by First King- Repartee, 6 st 12 lb. (Johnston) 2 Mr. M. Bryant's ch.f. Clelia, by Gang Forward- Jessica, 6 st. 7 lb. (Tomlin) 3 Hon. L. L. Smith's b. or br. f. Louise Berta, by Darriwell—Alethe, 8 st 8 lb. (M. O'Brien). Mr. S. Miller's br.c. Munwyrtina, by Glorious- Hope, 8 st. 8 lb. (Olds). Messrs. W. & A. Crczier'a br.c. Trojan, by Wild Eagle—Maid of Troy, 8 st. 6 lb. (D. O'Brien). Mr. W. E. Dakin's br.f. Utopia, by Bobinson Crusoe—Radiance, 7 st. 13 lb. (Fryer). Mr. H. Connelly ns. Lord Chancellor, by His. Lordship—Drift, 7 st 12 lb. (Trahan). Sir W. J. Clarke's br.c. Damocles, by Gang Forward—Queen of Naples, 7 st. 11 lb. (Hughes). Mr. W. A. Long's br.f. Crossfire, by Goldsbrough —Powder, 7 st 10 lb. (Colley). Hon. W. Pearson's br.c. Dividend, by Bolton Green—Prou Frou, 7 st. 10 lb. (Power). Mr. T. Chirnmde's b c. St. Paul, by Newminster— Ouida, 7 st. 7 lb. (Brown). Mr. P. Hann's ch f. Devotion, by Goldsbrough— Benevolence, 7 st. 5 lb. (Smith). Hon. J. White's br.f. Tamarisk, by Chester— Guelder Rose, 7 st 6 lb. (Ellis). Mr. J. H. Hill's br.c. Micawber.by Bolton Green —Charade. 7 st Bib. (FaggX ' Mr. W. C. Cooper's bk.c. Fernandez, by Bobinson Crusoe—Giovanni, 7 st. "4 lb. (Sanders). Mr. D. S. Wallace's b.f. Essie, by St. Albans— Starlight, 7 st 4 lb. (Weazel). Mr. S. Horsfall's br.f. Mistral, by Darriwell— Cyclone. 7 st 2 lb. (Huxtable). Captain Haimes's br.c. Dufferin. by Ambassador —Eugenie, 6 st 7 lb. (McAuliffe). Hon. W. Pearson's b f. Trishna, by The Drummer —Colima, 6 st. 7 lb. (Poole). Betting—2 to 1 agst. Yellow Jacket, 6 to 1 agst. Tamarisk, 7 to 1 each agst. Louise Berta and Micawber, 8 to 1 agst. Damocles, 10 to 1 each agst. Lord Chancellor, Crossfire, and Dividend. Directly they left the post Yellow Jacket could be seen in front, with Clelia, Tamarisk, and Damocles prominent of the others, and- they entered the course proper with Yellow Jacket heading Clelia, Trojan, and'Tamarisk. The favourite held his own easily to the end, and Williamson 'giving him his bead halfway up the lawn ns . strode away and won by three lengths. A great race for second place between Trojan, Clelia, and Retort ended in favour of tbe latter by a neck, Trojan being close np fourth, with Louise Berta and Tamarisk Jiext. Time, 1' min. 21 sec. THE YAH TEAK STAKES. A handicap sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 100 added. For 3-year-olds and upwards. One mile. Mr. J. Whittingham's ch.c. Merrimu, by Argus Scandal — ChSoniere, 4 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. (Trahan) — 1 Mr. D. S. Wallace's b.h. Chuckster, aged, 8 st. 121b. (M. O'Brien) - 2 Mr. W. A. Filgate's br.c. Lavington, 4 yrs., 7 st 4 lb. (Weazel) .. 3 Messrs. W. & A. Crozier's br.g. Lantern, 6 yrs., 9 st 1 lb. (D. O'Brien). Mr. W. Murphy' y's br.h. Mi< iddlemarch, S yrs., 8 st. 131b. Mr. J. D. Robertson's b.g. Stafford, 6 yrs., 8 st. 91b. (Moore). Mr. J. G. Reid's cb.g. Ghost, aged, 8 st. 8 lb. (Williams). Mr. C. H. T. Hart's th.h. Agent, aged, 7 st. 11 lb. (Williams). Mr. T. Coffey's br.h. Fernlea, 6 yrs., 7 st 8 lb. Mr. G. H. Harris's br. or bl.b. Signor, 5 yrs.,7 st. 8 lb. (Robertson). Mr. L. Watson's b.f. Juanna, 3 yrs., 7 st. 6 lb. (Williamson). Mr. S. G. Cook's b. or br.f. Marie Louise, 4 yrs., 7 st 4 lb. (Flannagan). Mr. M. Jacob's b.h. Muscat, 6 yrs., 7 st. 3 lb. Mr. Lang's br.m. Agatha, 5 yrs., 6 st. 12 lb. Mr. G. Davis's b.g. Meeischaum, 3 yrs., 6 st 7 lb. (D. Williams). Mr. W. Bland's b.c. Egbert. 3 yrs., 6 st. i lb. (McDowall). Mr. S. Davis's br.m. Mrs. Jarley, 5 yrs., 6st. 21b. (Smith). Mr. D. Sloan's b.h. Bon Bon, 6 yr?., 6 st. 2 lb. (Moffatt). Mr. E. Malone's b.f. All Black, 3 yrs., 6 st. MRL^'jtSSond'sTjff.c.TFIAON,Syrs.TTTst. (Biley). Captain Haimes's br.c. Bagman, 3 yrs., 6 st. (McAuliffe). Betting—2 to 1 agst. Merrimu, 4 to 1 agst. Stafford, 7 to 1 agst. Marie Louise, 10 to 1 each agst. Ghost, Chuckster, Lavington, and Fernlea. After some trouble the flag fell to a moderate start, Stafford, Lavington, ana Signor getting off in front, with Egbert and Kingship next. Signor, Stafford, and Fernlea made play round the back of the course and past tbe sheds, Signor on the inside leading Stafford, lantern, and Muscat past the half-mile post There was no change rounding the turn, and Signor came into the straight closely followed by Stafford, Lavington, and Muscat, with Merrimu running past the others, followed by Chuckster. At the distance Signor resigned to Merrimn, who was quickly challenged by Chuckster and Lavington, but the favourite always had a little to spare, and won by half a length from Chuckster, who only beat Lavington by a nead for second place, then four lengths off Signor. The Agent and Marie Louise finished together. Time, 1 min. 42$ sec. Sydney, November 3. The victory of Sheet Anchor in the Melbourne Gap created the greatest surprise in Sydney, and the news at first was discredited. The intersection of Pitt and King streets was thronged with sporting people eager to learn the latest information of the race. The news of the victory of Sheet Anchor was received by the crowd with silence. Very few of the Sydney public gained by his triumph, Nordenfeldt, Despot, and Trenton being their idols of speculation. 