FICTION. -~:o: From KMRIIMII, ¿merion», «nil Oilier IVrloillcAlf. XOVE AND HATE. CHAPTER XL. WINNING THE ÛAME. "tf oe that X believe," aeciavoa Mr. CopplcBtoii, in conclusion-"not that T fvpr believed that Lyndhurst ever commitfcod a deed like that. It "was the deed of a coward. He was not cowardly. There must have been a blunder-an accidental discharge. The only thing which cried out against lum was his flight." But what if all this presunitive claim was a fraud -a swindle ? "What if by his rambling talk he was giving her clues, points? What if she was an adventuress? "Yon are, I suppose, aware," again regarding liar with quiet scrutiny, " that assertions in a case like this are absolutely worthless unless supported hy proof." Once more her eyes met his. And onco mere he ?wondered what in them had dismayed him at first .and troubled him vaguely still. " I am aware of that." She was solf-possessed. " And you have proofs ?" "Why, certainly!" the light «yes opening wider. Her apparent amazement at "being doubted inspired credence. « She took from the reticule she carried a slender ^package of folded papers and handed them tto him. He opened them, put on his glasses, and examined them carefully one by one. , Now and then an exclamation broke from him. He recoguished most of them* They were legel documents pertaining to the «states in Devon. 'Several he had himself drawn np. Yes, there was MB name signed-" Jasper Copplestone "I will retain possession of these for the «present," he said, rising. " It is an extraordinary < case-very, and requires serious consideration. You are not married, I presume?" " I am not." "Your name is-" ? "I am called after my father. My name is ?sEthelberta." "You have other evidence to offer proving ¿¡he 'identity you profess.?" interrogatively. " Only these." Again she investigated her reticule. Prom its depths she Ärew a small woollen bag. This she opened and displayed its contento. Copploston, his starched dignity forgotten, ?«prang forward "The Lyndhurst diamonds !" And sure enoiagh ihe Lyndhurst diamonds they j were, necklace, bracelets, ear- rings, tiara, of i purest and most 1 brilliant fkuae. She smiled. I "I thought yon would ¡recognise thom. And fuere-seo my motl ier'j picture !" ^ She opened the locfcet of «dull Venetian gold attached to the nec.tíaee. He took it from her, and 'looked down on the ¿portrait, quite lost in', a anaze of old memories. " Yes, yes ! Painted by Dostairo. It is she. It is Lady Lyndhurst-e v^iy feature-even the smile. And those beautiful, beautiful eyes of hers. Bow ¡.it brings her back to i BO-Inez, Lady Lyndhurst ! Even the smile isthe sfttae ; and what an exquisitely sweet smile she had to bo sure ! Bless my soul I bless-my-soul !"' And there he actually took out 3iis handkerchief and wiped away honest te ara. .He had known Lady L^yndhurst well. Perhaps if there had ever been a s offc spot in his stern old heatp, it had been -of ,her an d for bec All this Miss ÜCerston saw with glittering eyes. "Well, well!" staffing his .handkerchief into his pocket and once more an alert man of business, ."you can lea^e me jour .affidavit and proofs, and I will see wbat>ean be done;" , "Not yet-not quite yet could he rid himself of .distrust, she resembled ne,"tl)er the Talbots nor the lyndhursts. But what bar was that? Children do aj.ot always resemble their parents. For a week investigation .nerious, afcrict, went <on. All mention of the case iwas suppressed in the papers. The proceedings were strictly private, and took place in official chambers, within locked doors. But one day Mr. Coppleston called on her at the apartments which .at his suggestion sho had tdken under an assumed name. " At the time of your father's flight," he .ex- plained, "all his mercantile and shipping interests were closed up by his wife. The Devon estates -were simply deserted. A poorer branch of the Lyndhursts have lived there since. None of the incomes or revenues of the properties, however, preferred to them. The existence" of a .closer claim -was, of course, always taoitly aclfcaowledged. As a natural consequence, the yearly deposits of such a long time aggregate now a very handsome amount. Out of this Lyndhuist Rest could be remodeled and xefornished. It is unnecessary to announce formally that your claim (which was by the ki.idness of the court .granted private investigation and op»cider ation) has been decreed valid and authentic Let me he 4he first to greet and jeengratulate ¿Lady Ethel Lyndhurst !" CHAPTER XLI. "And then te" hear a dead man chatter Is enough to drive one mad." ÍENNTS0N. Lo ! it liad come ! Tor one instant her brain-swam, her head reeled. Now to climax a life of hopeless longing. Now to give back blow for blow-ay and with¡treble force ! She laid her slim fingeis in his handsome old hand. " Thank you" she said, quietly. And again he told himself how admirable was her repose of manner. I» this if not in face was the Lyndhurst Wood betrayed. " The family who have taken charge of the old place for so long shall, I presume, be instructed to i leave ? ] ßhe bowed her head, j i " They are in rather straightened circumstances," he suggested, with kindly regret for their abrupt ejectment. " Indeed !" lifting her pale brows indiffently. And now ho told himself, savagely, she was not like either of her parents : she possessed neither her father's grcat-hcarteduoss nor her mother's gentle sympathy .for those in trouble. I " May I ask your plans ?" he demanded, coldly. "My plans? Thoy are rather vague ns yet. I shall first have an interview with the celebrated artist, Pallinelli. I shall send him down to refur- nish the place in Devon." " Yon will not go yourself to seo it first?" " Assuredly not. It is probably musty-smelling and generally unpleasant. His taste ÍE above re- proach. I shall leave all to him-complete rejuve- nation. I do not caro to go down till it is tenant able. He shall have carie blanche to work miracles." The old lawyer stared at her aghast. Was she, this fragile little' creature, going to fling to the winds such a magnificent fortune as this ?-going to give to a crack-brained artist permission to make ducks und drakes of it ? " But, my dear young lady-" he began, pro tc8tingly. But she held up her hand with a gesture of dis- taste, as she walked up and down the room-the rich sapphire-blue velvet she had donned to dazzle him trailing behind hor. " Don't scold nie," coaxingly. " I can't boar it. No one does. Papa never did. I am very grateful to you, indeed I am, for all the trouble you have taken for mo. To prove'it, I am going to petition you again. The fact of my return to England must be suppressed for awhile. It would create suc7i a sensation. And I-I am not very strong, und I cannot just now endure excitement of .any kind You will promise to see that those who havesneces sarily been made-aware of it will be silcnti" " For them I will promise. But you cannot re- decorate Lyndhurst Best without inquiry being set afoot." " Then I shall 'not yet. -You are going ? Good-by, and thank you again. Oh, by the way, will you send me a cheque ? I drew the last of ijoor papa's account about six weeks ago He bowed assent. ." For what amount ?" " Just a trifle for the present-say, two thousand pounds." Once without the door, Sir. Coppleston indulged in a prolonged and soundless whistle. " By Jove, she is a Lyndhurst !" he assured him solf, convincedly. And within the door ? She had hoped, she had dreamed of much. Hardly of this. Her trick of changing the confession had been made but with the object she had attained that of separating those > two. That Ethel would not meet him again, see him, remain one hour longer under his roof when she had read it, she knew well. And if Fate had even brought them together, the truth and authenticity of that last document who could ÜlenJ ? Jt meant, in any case, parting forever. But this accident, this burning of the hotel wherein the girl had taken refuge, opened up anew pathway to a dauntless and desperate woman, showed a new avenue. She had boldly ventured up it, and found it smooth and straight. Ethel was dead. Of this no doubt liad crossed her brain, no faintest foreshadowing. We aTe quick, all-of us, to believe that which we would believe-that which our heart cries eut to us to accept. Of late one false impression had taken root in her soul, or rather of late it had grown and flourished, . but it had been sownand creeping long toward the light. She felt sure Max had.known her mad love and scorned it.. The whole world .to her frenzied mind just now seemed! armed against her. Single-handed she must fight it. Single-handed she would confluer. She would show them all-^all !-that many .and mighty .as they were, her power was greater. All her being was steeped .in one passion-~.re vengo! Revenge for her -slights, and starvation, and misery of her childhood ! Revenge for the trampled love of her womanhood ! Y es, they wore all against .her-even, he ! ,She stood erect in the centro of the xooin, shak ,ing, shaking ¡ and (rith what ,a facoJ-livid as it would be in its coffin. Drops of sweat stood out on' her forehead. Her eye3-those light, glittering eyes-of hers-were wild, .distended. She leaned forward, listening, listening. Ali'1 there it was-ringing in ber ears again-that shriek !-the shriek of a man going down to his death. There was ;n© triumph in Jior face now, as cover irg it with her hands as though to keep t.ut all sight and sound, she fell on her knees and cowered .back, back-no triumph, onlj- ».terrible fear/ ¡Bub suddenly the leaped to her feet, dashing back her.Ioosenedjyellow hair, Siting furiously the dry ups, which never for an instant had lost their scarlet bloom, flinging up clasped hands of defiance. " Into your grave !" she panted. " Y/ju did not stop .nae, Uviag-yon shall not, dead !" I CHA3PTEB, XLLT. OIÍE LIFE. A soft, wet, fcîack, blowy March might. He had insisted that the window should be opened-the man lying in the bed yonder, sid: unto death. His companion held the casement for a few moments ajar, then closed it softly; but the fresh, sweet air had revived both of them. On the upper floor of a London lodging this soom but more comfortable than were most apartments claiming this deseriptipn. A shaded amber-globed lamp burned on a table. Eich rugs were flung .all over the shabby carpet to stifle sound in their soft .depths. By the bed was a table, heaped high with eick- room luxuries, vases of spaing flowers, and1 epergnesof choicest fruit. Everywhere was de- monstrated the fact that the caterer and decorator of ¿the place was a man, so reckles3 the extrava- gance displayed. But let the light fall never so softly upon the face upon the pillow-let death touch it no matter how gently with smoothing and beautifying fingers peace came not to it, nor aught looked forth from it but its o}d sinister cunning. " ComeJiere, lad !" j The mau standing by the window, looking down I on the sloppy, gas-lit street below, turned and came ¡.over to the .bed. j For a week or more, his companion, for all his an remittinir kindness and attention, had granted hfoi only a nod or surly growl. But he had been patient j he liad acquired that great power, the ability to wait. He remembered the" story Lyndhurst had told him. " I am sure Kerston knows, if he would only tell. If I could only see him, find him. I have no proof. Unsupported accusation would never do. At first, no thought of connecting him with the affair oc- curred to me. Later, when Inez told mo of his J presumption, I began to suspect to doubt. Heaven forgive me-ho may Tb© as innocent as I." J But in this charitable view his listener had not concurred. Perhaps at this late hour justice was to bo done. The sick man lifted his bleared eyes. "I saved your life-didn't I ?" The other bowed his head. " You saved my life." "Ah, I thought she was up to some mischief !" retrospectively. " I saw her running through the I domain, and toward the bridge by the old Kent road, and I made up my mind I'd follow her. So I took the short cut and loosened the boat. I got in and roved under the bridge. Pretty soon she carno running along. There was a big gap in the bridge where some logs had fallen. She knew just where it was, for she cleared it light as a bird," His listener startled and leaned eagerly forward. " Are you sure she knew-are you sure she meant what followed to happen ?" The sick man langhed such a harsh, sneering laugh. " Am I sure ? as sure as my name's Griff Kerston Ah ! you don't know Clarinda !" " Hush !" gently. " Remember she is your daughter." Again that hoarse laugh. Then : " Did you really believe that ?" quietly. " Believe it ! ' Of course the name is the same. She said she was Griff Kerston's daugliter. You don't mean to say she isn't !" " Well, that is what I do mean to say« I never had a child. She just said that to be taken up by Mrs. Gif ndennon, excite sympathy, live with them, and marry the son." " Is this true ?" demanded the other earnestly. " For heaven's sake, man, don't joke." " Joke ! I'm not joking, «tupid. What motive would I have for anything so idiotic now ! I'lltell you all I know about her-it is briefly told. Soon after a certain tragedy here, the Glondennon-Lynd hurst sensation, (you may have heard of it,) I went to America. One night in New York I came upon a crowd assembled on Broadway. In the midst of them was a woman poorly elad, holding a child by tho hand-a girl of about five or six years of age. Soon the reason of the crowd became apparent to me. The woman was raving in the street stark mad. Soon the police appeared and took her to tho station. Just through curiosity I dropped in next day. The woman was declared hopelessly insane, and was sent to the asylum. Then arose the ques- tion of what to do with the youngster. I was idle and wealthy, and the devil always puts outrageous notions into the brain of such persons. I "The fancy to adopt her struck me. She was a wild-looking little creature, and somewhat fasci-. nated me. After a good many legal preliminaries I took her to a children's school, and left her there. I gave her "my name-goodness only knows what her own ivas !" " And she was no relative of yours-had no claim whatever on you ?" i " I tell you, man, I never laid eyes on either mother or child, until I came on them ithat night in the streets of New York." j "Goon!" I " You are interested ? Well, there isn't much more to tell. I went to see her occasionally. With- out self-laudation I was kind to the little miss. JBut I acquired a passion for gambling. I " At the green table I lost every centl hadinéhe world. I had no more money to pay even for ' Clarmda's board. They sent her back to me. I was something of a musician always, so when I got an offer to play the fiddle in the orchestra of a concert hall in the Bowery I was glad to take it. j It was a low place. After a while Clarinda began to sing there. She made a great hit and filled the pockets of the proprietors. But it was wretched work. It suited her though. She seldom ßhowed disgust. We led that life for a couple of years. I got to drinking like the rest of them. Sometimes we were rolling in dollars, and sometimes we were starving. i " About that time wo carno to London. Wo got positions in a good theatre there, though our work . was unimportant. There was a new opera produced just then, and one night I saw a face in a stall that 1 scared me, it was so like that of a man dead for I many a year. I got weak all of a sudden, and they t carried mo in under the stage. Some one told Clarinda, and she came down all spangles and . silver, as she was ready to go on, in an awful ;' fright. LJ She wanted to know what had scared me. I pre- tended it was nothing. But you couldn't fool her. She was a smart one, was Clarinda. That night iwheu we went home, she went over to the cupboard and got out a bottle. " 'Take a drink,' she said, ' it will do you good, You're shaking yet.' -" She went away, and left the bottle, a full one near me. I took a drink-the first for over a year, for I had sworn off. It tasted BO good I tried another-and then another. By and by Clarinda came in and took the rest away from me. I had taken as much as she thought right. Moro would have made me sleepy. " Then she began. I don't know how she ques- tioned, nor how I answered. But she got every- thing out of me, wormed it all out, every secret hidden in my heart. "She proved to me next day that there remained nothing to tell-she" know all." " There, there ! Don't ask mo about it, or what it was she discovered ! You knew enough. I am going to tell you no more. I have slipped through too many snares to be caught now. You can't do it^-no, no ! You can't do it !" "And he laughed chucklingly to ¡himself-his old weárd, gutteral laugh. CHAPTER XLIIL -" NOT ESMOND ?" Hie companion's heart was beating like a trip- hammer, but he.answered, ina tone of absolute carlessness': " Why should you tell me more ? I did not ask 1 you to tell me this much. The present iß enough for me. I am not interested in-dead-and-gone mys -teries-anecdotes of the Ark." The other laughed. "No, not You're a good one. I'm too old a bird-to be caught with chaff-I am." For a while he lay chuckling to himself andohak iis old grizzled head. He suddenly roused himself. "I believe she would have got it out of me, drank or sober," he commented earnestly. "I think she had mesmeric power. Soon after that she deserted me. She had -fallen in love with young Glendennon, and she had .never spoke to the boy in her life, only seen him at the play. But what with all I had been insane enough to tell her, she made up her mind to marry him. You know how she went to Mrs. Glendennon and represented her- self as Griff Keiston's daughter, and said that I was dead. They swallowed her yarn. She went away with them. I was glad to get rid of her. I j was afraid of her always. She could make me do what 'she liked. She had but to fix those blue, glittering eyes upon me and I obeyed her. But 11 fell to drinking again, and grew poor and sick, so I pne day I wrote to her. She sent me numey to come I down to the abbey. She gave me, or rather got j permission to give me, the cabin in the Hollow to live in. No one around know my name. She made me pay for the roof that covered me-ay, that she did and dearly, the small, smooth viper !" " Well, you saved my life !" remarked the other again, changing the subject. " And it is some- thing a man doesn't like to lose." " You needn't thank mc!" replied the sick man, grimly. " I think I did it to spite her. I knew she wanted you out of the way. That was why I pulled you into the boat. A mighty hard tug it I was for such old arms as mine. But then," with a grating laugh of self-scorn, " did you see how soon I got afraid that she would know I had spied and followed her and spoiled her pretty plan ? I didn't caro particularly to stay and meet her after she had learned that. So when you had carno over to the cabin and dried your clothes-wringing wet they .were too !-and were about to start, I asked you to "take me np to London with you. You did it, and I no sooner got hero than I had to go and fall sick with malignant fever on your hands, like a con- founded old fool " " Come, come ! this won't do1" declai ed Campbell, laughing. " Y<fu lost your hat and overcoat that night in the river," in prosy íecollection, "and you hld to wear my old ulster and Yankee slouch hat." " Yes," quietly, " I guess that was why, on the evening of the day of our arrival when I went into the .Belgrade Hotel to make some enquiries, Miss Esmond, who came up at .the time, failed to recog- nise me." " Miss Esmond !" He was sitting erect in bed, his repellent countenance dismayed, questioning, alert. Miss Esmond ! that was the name of the young lady who had been staying at the abbey. She had come down to the Hollow one bright winter evening. And she had terrified him. He had slammed the door in her f aee. She had looked like Inez Lynd- hurst, 'lie had thought she was the dead como back again. And he had heard the servants say that on such a day áhe was to bo married to Max Glenden aon. At a quarter past one on the morning of that »day he and Ross Campbell had come up to London. How could she have been there that same even- ing ? Suddenly ho sank back. " How stupid of me ! I really thought for the moment she was there alone. " Of course, she was only at the hotel, passing through with her hus ?band." "No," quietly, still, "your first surmise was1 right. She was alone. She was not married on the day appointed-they were not married at all." " What happened ? Why ?" " Because," watching him keenly, " on the eve of her wedding she discovered a fearful secret. The knowledge of a crime committed by her father was for the first time made known to her. She fled." Struggling for breath his hearer lifted himself on his elbow. " Her name-her name," speaking with difficulty, "was not then-Esmond ?" > "No." " It was," reaching out and grasping Campbell's arm with bony, vice like fingers-" it was-" Very intently were the clear gray eyes watching him as deliberately was the answer spoken : " Lady Ethel Lyndhurst !" CHAPTER XLIV. "But the scorn stung so !"-MEBEDITH. A second of stunned silence. Then the convul. sive fingers relaxed. He fell back with a shrill cry. " Ah ! then it was not a chance resemblance, I thought it was a ghost. And it was tho child of Inez. I might have known. And that little wretch Clarinda gave her-gave her, the paper, and-and I-it is all my fault. " Ah !" breaking down, his voice quavering.aud husky, "I had to do it. I thought it was all a freak. She made me. I could not resist her. I had to !" He buried his head in tho bedclothes, fairly quaking with strong excitement. Boss Campbell smiled softly to himself. " I do not quite understand. There has been a mistake-evil has been done. Is that it ? If so, why not repair the wrong ?" "No, no, no ! To do so would be to implicate me -to condemn me ! And I am going to get strong, to live longer-longer. No, no !" Campbell did not urge him. He was too wise for that. Things had proceeded admirably so far, and he was satisfied. Steps were ascending the stairs without, " Hore is the doctor," he said. He came into the room a venerable, kindly-faced practitioner. The sick man looked up at him as he entered, his bleared eyes grown suddenly piercing. ' " I want the truth ?" giving him his wrist and never for a second removing his straining gaze from his face. "I want nothing but the truth. Am i I going to live or die ?" The doctor glanced interrogatively at Campbell. < He nodded. " He has his senses: Tell him." ] " The truth," gently, " will be very hard to bear." " No soft phrases. That means I am to die. How long have I ?" i A brief, painful silence. Then : " Perhaps twelve hours. Never twenty-four." " So short as that ?" The physician bowed. The invalid pointed to the door. "Go!" And when he had gone he turned to Campbell a hideous working face. " Would it make you much happier if I owned up, straightened things out-now ?" Ross caught his breath. He could not answor. " You have been very good to mo !" huBkily. " I have not been unconscious of it. I wouldn't tell anything, though-no matter for whose sake, if I were going to 'live. But as I am not, it doesn't make much difference. What are you to #iis girl, anyhow, that you take such an interest in her?" Ah," Utting a shaking forefinger, "you do, you do, though you have tried to hide it ! Why should her happiness or misery affect you ?" " Because I love her." "Andshe-She does not care a fig for you, I suppose." Campbell winced. "No." " And you will give her joy if you could, knowing this?" " I would lay down my life willingly to see her happy." "With another?" " Even that." Herston shook Iii« head. This love he could not comprehend at all. Hatred and revenge he had always held to be the natural outgrowth of rejected passion. I " Strange !" he muttered. Suddenly he lifted himself up again, this timo weakly and -with an effort. ) " Quick, man, quick ! Biing your notary or it will be too late ! Leave me alone-go, I say ! I'll do it ! I'll do it-it can't harm mo now-if only to conquer her at last, the small white snake !" Campbell opened the door of an adjoining room, roused the nurse sleeping there, caught up his hat, and ran down the stairs and from the house. In about half an hour he returned breathless, accompanied by a lawyer. Boss noticed that the doctor had not left the house, but was dozing in the parlor. He evidently feared he might be needed at any moment. As they came into the eick-room the nurse a little Frenchwoman, came toward them with warning, i uplifted finger. " Ho is worse. Be careful !" , He was propped up in bed with pillows-quite an awful vision, that r-eddish- bearded, pallid face. " Make haste !" he whispered. The lawyer, his book open on his knees, sat ready to begin, "My jiamo is Griffin Kerston. When a young man, I was tutor in a house in which lived Inez Talbot. I loved her, and was rash enough to tell her so. She repulsed me with absolute scorn. I vowed to be revenged, and through the man who ousted me. I was appointed his secretary soon after his marriage. I robbed-robbed him. About a year after Eobert Glendennon was given charge. The interests at stake were so enormous he did not for some time discover the frauds. I worked on Lyndhurst till I convinced him that Glendennon was the thief. It was hard work ; he hated to be- lieve it, but I succeeded. He accused him of the theft. A duel was arranged for the following morning. I was on the spot before either of the combatants arrived. Both loaded. Lyndhurst put in only one charge. I saw that. Glendennon was standing with Ids back to him, examining some de- fect in his pistol. I had gone to the ground armed» but with no definite plan beyond that of my re- venge, for whichever fell, anguish would be her portion, for next to her husband she loved Glen dennon's wife. Just then Glendennon, thinking himself unobserved, took something from his pocket and kissed it. Screened though I was, and neither dreaming a soul was within a mile of them, I saw him do it. Lyndhurst also noticed the action, j Heaven knows what thoughts carno to him. I saw his face work, chanf", soften. He always was woman-hearted, Lyndhurst. That kiss of Eobert'-s on his wife's pictured face unnerved him." CHAPTER XLV. " As when a light is blown out By a guest of wind at a casement." LONGFELLOW. Patter ! patter ! beat the soft spring rain against the window pane. Dash ! Dash ! " The-moment he saw Robert do that he did exactly what I might have guessed such a quixotic fool would do, flung up his pistol to fire his one shot in the air, even at the risk of being branded a coward, for Glendennon was a famous shot. This I would not have suited me. I was crouching behind a hedge near Lyndhurst. Just as he fired in the air, at that very second, the two reports sounding simultaneously and like one, my bullet went straight through Glendennon's back, and he fell like a log. Lyndhurst stood like a man turned to stone. The trigger had caught for a moment as he fired and now, for the time being crazed. I suppose he thought through some terrible accident the ball had sped straight forward, not upward, j and that he had killed him. He did I not. I thieved from Lord Lyndhurst. I murdered I Robert Glendennon." I He fell back exhausted. Rosa held some wine to his lips. He had not spoken as smoothly as here , set down, but incoherently, and with many gasps and struggles for breath. " But I had my revenge," waving them from him his small eyes glinting with savage triumph even in the glare which was fast dimming them. " She scorned me. I knew she despised, hated mo. She suffered for it. She died of a broken heart." " Will you ask the doctor to step up stairs ? We shall want him for a witness," the lawyer whispered to the nurse. . " That isn't all," panted tho dying man. " See here 4" His chilling fingers fumbled at a string around his throat. Attatohed to it was a handkerchief roughly sewed into a bag. From it he drew a paper, creased and folded, and held it toward Campbell. He took it glanced at it. A quick cry broke from his lips. This ! the letter Ethel should have read on her wedding-eve. How well he remembered the night Lyndhurst had written it, and, making a confidant of him, had bidden him peruse it. And if this was tho original/ iriiat had been given Ethel ? What had she read ? That the package had been tampered with he had known. But ho thought it was a simple theft, that the letter would be changed, aught substituted for it, he had never dreamed. "Where did you get this?" in uncontrolable excitement. " How ? from whom ?" But for awhile the heavy head, fallen back on the pillow, lay quite rigid and still. Ah, he revived. Ho spoke. Clarinda. She know I had been a copyist in-my youth-and could imitate-any hand. I was an expert in making fac similes of Lyndhurst's chiro graphy. That- was how-I found it so easy-long ago-to forge cheques. She wrote a copy of what I was to write in this hand. It was to be substituted for this-" He motioned for water. The nurse held it to him. The doctor put .his arm round him and sup- ported him more comfortably. "I wrote," quite slowly and chokingly now, " what she asked, but I snatched and kept this. Oh, she was furious. But-I had a right to it. It suspected me. I did not at-any time know though that-she and Ethel Lyndhurst-Miss Es- mond and Ethel Lyndhurst-were the same. Tell Clarinda," with a ghastly smile, " that you know all-and that," panting heavily, "to discover it you did-nofchavo to make me drunk-either." " Sign," the lawyer said. They held ltira while, with a painful effort, he scrawled " Griffin Kerston." Then the others signed in turn. The doctor, bending over the bed, turned to them with a wai'ning gesture. They stood around silent, reverent, because of the presence which stood in the midst of thom. How horrible it was, as it turned slowly toward them a moment, that livid, blue-lipped, glassy-eyed face. " Tell her," and they knew of whom he spoke in such shaking tones, " that when I found her that night-in the streets of-New York I found-a demon. I have been always-afraid of her. Her eyes make - me-act - against-my-own will ! Ah !" with a hoaise shriek, " there she is ! Keep her back-back from me ! I hate her-I dread her -back ! Her mother was mad ! Back !" Tho doctor laid him gently down. He laid his ear a moment upon bis heart. As he looked up his eyes met Campbell's. " Como away !" ho said. CHÁPTEE XL VI. " "Am I guilty of blood?" TENNYSON. In the parlor below Boss sat down and looked blankly at the paper ho hold. Not the signed and attested coufession proper that the awyor held-but the letter written by Ethelbert, Lord Lyndhurst, to his only daughter to bo read by her on her wedding-evo". As yet he could not quite comprehend, grasp it all. What had possessed Clarinda to havo had forged another than this? What her motivo in substituting it? and what did that other con- tain? Ho had read this before-Lyndhurst himself had shown it to him-he would read it again. How still the house was! it was in the suburbs, and the noise of the city did not reach it. It wag owned and occupied by an old couple, almost deaf and blind, both of whom he liad known from boy- hood. The only sound that penetrated to him wag the tread of feet in the room overhead-the chamber of death. He drew his chair up to the grate. Ho turned up the lowered gas in the student drop-light on the table and began to read. The paper was soiled and crumpled, but ho read, it deliberately through. All the first pages wero an idyl of pleasant life in Devon, and of the woman who was to have been his wife. " But soon I came to seo," he wrote, "what a mistake was her engagement to me, Before ray very eyes yoting Glendennon won her. For awhile I was frantic, though never did I blame her. She was too much of a child when she promised to marry me to know her own mind. What led me to ask Inez Talbot to be my wife I hardly know. Per- haps pique, perhaps her beauty dazzled .me, per- haps it was her gentleness toward me. Whatever impulse it was, I bless it, as I have over' blessed the day that made her mine. For if I had not loved her before marriage, dearly and wholly did I grow to do so after. " Things did not go well with Bobert and his wife, so we sent for them and they came up to Lon- don. For a man of the station I held my shipping and business interests were unusually extensive. I gave Bobert a position equal in importance to that of my tried secretary, Herston. The latter Ines could never bear, but was too charitable of heart to aBk me to dismiss him. So she simply avoided the library when he was there, and managed to en- counter him as little as possible. This I attributed to the natural repulsion of the beautiful woman at sight of a man distressingly ugly and mis- shapen. "After a while I commenced to miss moneys, huge sums, and to notice accounts overdrawn, for all of which I could gain no satisfactory explanation. But one day Keraton came to me and told me Glendennon-who during his absence for a while , had transacted his business- had falsified entries and forged cheques. This I refused to believe till he showed me a cheque he liad managed to obtain. The signature I had never traced, but so closely did it resemble my chirography that it startled and convinced me. "For the sake of his wife and son, I would hav« been silent even then but that Keraton urged, goaded and insinuated, till I went to Bobert and asked him if it was true. He was making out a pay-roll at th« time. The handful of gold he held he flung in my face. " I should, of course, havo taken legal steps to secure his conviction and punishment, but this I could not bear to do, recollecting that he was a gentleman of station and birth as lofty as my own,' arid that I of late had been calling him friend. " The plan we agreed upon was f oolish, erratic, worse-any man of the world would tell you thak. But the insult that each had offered to one another <X>uld bein one way only obliterated. "We met at day-dawn, alone and armed. I had just put one charge in my pistol, when I saw Glendennon, who was standing almoat with hi» back to me, take from his breast pocket and kiss his wife's picture. A sudden shame and remorse swift as lightning overpowered me. " What were we about to do ? Murder each other t And all about some money and a hasty act. If it 1 were I who fell, what would becone of Inez and my little Ethel ? and if he were killed Agnes and her boy might starve. At even the loss of pride was this worth while ? "It has taken mea minute to writo this. It took-me a second to think it. I flung up my pistol ' to fire in air. It caught in my sleeve. There wag a report-I could almost have sworn I heard two, but no one was around, and I suppose, I was mad- dened at the moment, for Glendennon fell-fell without a word-shot through the back. "How did it happen? Oh, my child-oh, my darling. I don't hiow ! I meant to fire in air ; I thought I did. Till I saw him fall. Before God who reads the heartä of all men, I most reverently declare it. " Oh, but IDOS I ¡7111% ? Guilty-am I-gui--"' How he rang the changes on that coin of doubt ! Was he guilty ? There was a blank space following the sentence so abruptly broken off before the confession continued, as though for the time strength had failed the writer. (To be continued.) 