TO THE EDITOB OF THE TAKKAXGOWEK TIHES Sir,—May I furnish one or two quotations Laannrr on the letters of" Unitarian and Mr. Wm. Ward. Mr. Ward calls Arius "the Unitarian Leader." Dean-Mflman, in "History of Christianity'' (vol. IL, page 358) says:— "The Doctrine of the Ikmity, that is. the divine nature of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, was acknowledged by all (that is, by both Arians and orthodox). To each of these distinct and separate beings, both parties ascribed the attributes of the Godhead, with the exception of self-existence, which was restricted bj the Ar^wrta to God the Father. Both admitted the ante-mundane being of the Son and the Holy Spirit." • You will see from this extract that Arius never disputed the divinity of Christ,' only the manner of His divinity. This explains the length and difficulty; of then dispute. - Men were trying to define the indefinable:' Both Air. Ward and "Unitarian" feieem to.think Trinity in Unity an -unthinkable' conception. Those clever old philosophers must have been able to see the absurdity of calling three one, and one three, and yet they deliberately formulated the Doctrine of the Trinity. Granted the word is not in Scripture ; the force of gravity is older than the word "gravity." The law of gravity explains .the .facte of the visible order. The doctrine of the Trinity, explains and harmonizes the known facts of tbe Spiritual world. We all admit there can be only one God. " Gods many : are a scientific, a philosophic, a religions impossibility." The Church has always held that truth fast We are all true Unitarians. But this one God has, we hold, revealed himself to us as a Tri-unity, hence we call ourselves Trinitarians "In all things tiie Unity in Trinity, and the Trinity in Unity is to be worshipped." Now, some one objects, three cannot be one, and one cannot be three. What are one and three?—arithmetical Symbols. In mathematics, one cannot be three, nor three one. The science would be paralysed if such a thing were possible. Hut is there nothing in the universe greater than arithmetic? Can you express everything in Arabic numerals? Can you put down on the value of being? Can you weigh thi ^ or invoioeheroism ? As a of .fact, moment s^e leave the exact ^sciences, "its- they are called, these apparent contradictions are constantly hannonised .by. human thou; without effort. A quotation tram "Modern Doubt and 'Christian Belief," {page 277) will serve for illustration of this: "We constantly see one LIFE in various UXH- BEBS. In the oneself we see LIGHT and VVABUZH ating forces. We have the one space divided into three dimensions of length, breadth, and height; time, similarly, into past, present,and future; all bodies into solid, liquid and gaseous. In analogy, with the three parts, required to form a sentence, we->fmd that the' kingdom of sound is governed by the ZBIAI^ as I the basis of all chords; nor does tills destroy the original USITT of the keynote; but, on the contrary, makes it-an organised unity -embracing multiplicity. - What remarkable analr~an^shown by tbe laws of colourand of lightl THREE fundamental colours, red, yellow, an blue, dissolve into tbe unity of white limt, so that >n English naturalist (C. Woodwaro might w.l. call this white light a trinity in unity. But they coalesce in such a manner, that each of the three rays preserves its distinctive attribute; red is the caloric, yellow the luminous, blue the chemical ray. Christiieb's statement of the doctrine is as follows:— "In God unity and plurality consist as correlatives which mutually require one another. .... It "is the essential characteristic of the true doctrine of the Divine Nature, in contradistinction to Polytheism on the one hand, and an abstract Monotheism on the other, that both elements of true Being, unicity, and multiplicity, do in God meet and interpenetrate one another in a pefectly unique* and transcendental way."—fLibi supra, p. 243.] It is -unscientific ' to try to tie down the higher sciences by the hard and fa*»t bands of the lower; so, too, is it utterly beside the question to urge the old quibble about one and tnree, as an objection to such a well-thoughtout statement of truth as the doctrine of the Holy Trinity. This does away with the objection—due, unhappily, to false statements of the faith by its defenders—that the Atonement •Tripling the punishment of a third innocent person, for the sins of the guilty. There is no separation between the hypostases of the Holy Trinity. Jesus, the Christ, was God—God Himself of His own free love, voluntarily accepting the conditions of human life, with its suffering and death, that He might unite mankind to Himself. This statement of the Faith is not liable to the objections urged in the tetters. If Mr. Ward can really PROVE what he offers about the Gogwls, he should go to Tubingen, for they want him. The greatest rationalistic scholars of the age cannot dn_ it. The statement smells of that discredited brochure " Supernational Religion," which is ten years behind the times. I am &c;~, J. F. STRETCH. 