THE CAULFXELD CUP FATALITY. (Argus.) In" the history of Australian racing there is no other such unfortunate accident recorded as that which occurred in the Caulfield Cup on Saturday. The field of horses was, with a single exception, the largest that has ever started for a raeo in the colonies. Whon The Ghost won the Ladies' Trophy at Caul field in 1883 a field of 42 ran. All went well in Saturday's chief race until the horses were approaching the turn. Too Too had struggled to the front, and was leading by a bare neclc, with Claptrap hugging the rails on her left, aud Sardius galloping imme diately on her right. Tho turn, which is considered tile moat difficult part of the course, was yet some distance ahead, and tho liorses well struug out were in what is really the broadest stretch of the wholo track, but were crowding on the rails in order to get tho inside running for the rush up the straight to tho winning post. How Too Too came down is not known, oven the riders of the leading horses holding different opinions as to what horses were really first down and how they fell. The mare gallops awkwardly, and as she soemed to bo tiring at tho time, tho most probable theory, and that favoured by many standing near the spot at the time is, that her front logs crossed with those of either Sardius or Claptrap, but probably tho former. From tho stand the white jacket and blue cap, tho colours worn by the rider of Too Too, seemed to sink sud denly into the ground ; there was a flash of struggling horses and silk-clad jockeys, hurled here and there in wild confusion, riderless and hridleless horses dashing away, while othors limped off iujured. Four oi tho jockeys and two horses lay quito still upon the turf, and it seemed as if they had been killed outright. The crowd oxtended nearly down to tho point where tho accident occurred, and almost before the last horso had cleared the inanimate group, tho jockeys were picked up It was at once apparent that Donald Nicholson, one of the most popular of light-weight ridors, had boon killed instantly. Ho was riding Lord Exe ter, and strange to say tlio lioree was never knocked off his Iocs, but tlio shock hurled the rider with fearful violonoo agaiust tho will to fence, and his skull would seom to have been crushed in. Ciacknell's chest wa8 crushed in from a blow, and he lay quite helpless, but conscious, being able to describe his injuries, and tako a glass of water from those who helped Tiim. Wyman, tho rider of Sardius, seemed to have been struck on tho face, and looked worse than he really was. 51'Gradc, who had beon on Tom Brown, looked very ghastly. Bis noso was brokon in, one arm hung loosely. ai)d what with dust and blood, and his whito faoe, tlioso around thought that ho also had boon killed outright. M'Grath, tho rider of Princo Imperial, was also senseless, having received n blow on tho head when his horso rolled over. Tho tiny rider' Tuomey was utrotched alongside his dead horse, Uarah, who had beeu in stautly killed, and at first it seemed that both horse uud jockey were in tho samo con dition. Commiseration for the tiny boy lyiug on ono end of the stretcher was greater 011 account of his small size. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, 'was ono of tho first down, and 113 a dozen horses scomed to roll right on top of him his cseape from instant death was a miracle. Ho, too, was picked up pi| conscious, suffering from concussion of tlio brain. Somo of tho riders Wore able to walk, and others wero assisted to the casualty-room, but stretchers lmd to be furnished for five. At tho casualty room tho injured ridors wero attended to by Drs. Fitzgerald, Wil. liams, O'llara, and otlipra, and for a timo tho wildest rumours were circulated an to thoircondition, HisExcolloncythoQovoruor, who had; arrived not long before tho raco, went down to make enquiries as to thoir condition, and 011 lcnrniug tho nature of tho fatality, loft tho coureo. Mr. Speight, chair mau of tho Railway Commissioners, imme diately volunteered to run a special train into Melbourne, so that those who wore moat injured might bo sent to tho Melbourne Hospital. They were placed two and two upou stretohera, and carried through a lano o! peoplo to the railway station, mounted troopera bciug roquired to keep a clear path. Wyman, the rider of Sardius, was. taken to the Alfred Hospital. The dead body of Donald Nicholson was taken to Ma home at Richmond, where an inquest will be held. Nicholson, who was regarded- as -the beat light weight rider in Australia, was 27 years of age, and his parents live at Bdlarat. Aa a jockey he had the reputation of riding most determined finishes. Hio chief suc cesses wore as follow:—The Syoey Cupon Normanby, the Great Metropolitan b takes oil Masquerade, Autumn Handicap on Em press, the A, J. C. Plate ou fcbo Drummer, Mares' Produce Stakes on First * Domon,: Sydney Handicap ou Waxy, and Four Epsom Handicaps on Masquerade, Waxy, Master Avenel, and Espeiglc respectively, besides riding many winucrs of lesser events. The horses that came down were Sardius, Tom Brown, The Israelite, Despot, Princo Imperial, Impulse, Country Boy, Claptrap, Kingship, Tnrpcia, Lncka Hit, Wiuenestcr, Sirocco, Too Too, and Uarah. Claptrap# one of the leaders, made a gallant effort to escape hy jumping over Too Too as she feu> but Sardius, as ho, too, wont down, brought him to grief. Tralian got off wondorfnlly well, and was able to ride a winner after wards in the WindBor Handicap, Hutohina being tho only other one of thoso who came down able to take a mount afterwards. X. Brown, tho rider of Too Too, aithongh m the very thickest of tlio mClde, escaped almost without injury, but tho mare, who was galloped over by a lot of horses, lay for some time ou the ground, apparently dead, but afterwards rose, and was got away with some difficulty. The first three lioraes down were Too Too, Claptrap, and Sardius. Prince Imperial was so close at their heels that he seemed to fall almost with them. Then Tom Brown, Despot, Impulso, Country Boy, Kingship, and Tarpoia fell almost in a bunch, while Marie Louise, who was gallop ing with this group, was just far enough out to avoid the horses that came down »n front of her. Amongst the last to fall were Lucky Hit, Winchester, Sirocco, and Uarah, the latter being instantly killed. The fearful nature of tho accidont was shown in the condition of the horses as they rose. Prince Imperial and Sardius had their bridles torn away, while the saddle on the last-named was turned completely round. Tom Brown's saddle was also broken and hanging in frag ments. Other horses camo into collision, but wero able to keep their logs. Plausible rushed violently into Tom Brown, while the Sydney horse was struggling to rise. Tho shock was so great that Plausible was turned completely round, and Power, thinking his horse was injured, dismounted. Lord Wil ton was also in violent collision, and Moore, after being knocked forward out of the saddle by the shock, cluug to his horse's neck and camo out all right. Amongst tho horses, the most injured wero tho three who came down first, and two of whose riders, as already stated, camo off almost scatheless. Sardius is perhaps the worst of them, and it is unlikely that lie will be seen out again this spring. Claptrap was very lama, and was got to the stables with difficulty, and placed under treatment. It was at first thought that Too Too would have to be de stroyed, but sho improved afterwards, ana can be cvircd. Sirocco was also cut about a good deal, but the others seemed very litlte tho worse for their mishaps. Ellis, the rider of Despot, who was one of the few jockeys that camo down and escaped unhurt, says ho got off badly at the stayfc of the raco and rodo on the outside until nearing the homo turn, where the field began to make their final effort. At this point he was leading the second division, which was close up to tho first flight of tho field, but there was a distinct interval between them. Just at the turn he saw an opening in the centre of the course, when, drawing Despot in towards it, ho found at the distance of a length that the gap was made by the fall of several horses. It was too late at tho pace ho was going to avoid riding over them, and Despot went straight into the mass of struggling men and horses, aud being im mediately tripped up fell upon his back. Ellis was thrown right over the horse's head some yards away, and was partially Btunned for a moment, and on looking up he saw Tho Israelite galloping riderless straight towards him. Ellis put up his arm to pro tect himself, aud swerved so that Tho Israelite just missed him, striding on ahead in front of Lord Wilton, tho last of tho Hold, who went by wide on the outside, with a jockey on his back. Ellis was then assisted off the course. He says ho was the fifth or sixth who fell. Ho had a similarly fortunate escapc in riding Despot in the Sydney Metropolitan. In that raco the horse crossed his legs aud fell heavily, but happily with out bringing any others with him, and Ellis was uuharmcd. Ho is none tho worso for Saturday's mishap, and is doing hie work aa usual. In tho list of Nicholson's wins it will be noticed that nearly all his victories were gained in Sydney. Before leaving the pad dock ou Saturday he remarked to a friend that his bad luck on Victorian racecourses was about to take a change in that event. Just before the crash came, Nicholson called the attention of the jockey3 beside him to the fact that Lord Exeter was pulling him out of the saddle aud galloping. As the rider closed with the remark, •' Haven't I got a soft thing to-day," he went down and was killed. The hoy on Too Too believes that just as he fell he had n glimpse of a brown horse down iu front of him. Crack nell'fl wife was anxious that ho should not ride, and he, too, was rather afraid of the conse quences. It was noticeable that tho fact o£ the running ground being cncivclcd by a singlerail saved morethan one uooidentduring the day In the Cup ouo of the riders was shot under the rail, aud escaped unhurt, while iu the Hurdle Hace Maloue had very much the same experience. Had the boun dary been a picket fence as at Flemington both must have been badly injured. It is noticeable that nil the rest of tho Sydney horses were in the front rank when the acci dent happened, and all suffered from it. The Adelaide horses were also most .unfor tunate, three of them falling and another being hindered while one of the pair of New Zealandcrs cauic to grief. The Injured Jooicevs. On tho arrival of tho special train which brought tho sufl'erers to Melbourne, stretchers were procured, and Cracknell and M'Grath wero carried on ouo to tho Melbourne Hos pital, Dr. Williams, who had oomo from the course with thom, attended to them on the way. M'Grado and the lad Tuomey followed on another stretoher. Tidings of the acci dent had preceded them, and every prepara tion was made for thoir recoption into tho causaity room. Drs. Fitzgerald, Purdey, and Melliaon wero waiting, and they, as sisted by Dr. Williams, did thoir best to alleviate tlio sufferings of tho iujured jockeys, and mitigate tho effects of tho catastrophe. Dr. Mailer, who arrived later, also lent as sistouee iu caring for the men. Cracknell, who is 39 years of age, and lives at Newmar ket, appears to have fallen on his left side, for his injuries aro confined to his right side and leg. His ribs have become disjoined from tho breast bone, and beon driven com pletely under it. Ue is injured internally, but it is not known to what extent, and his right thigh is considerably bruised and out, Tho shoclc which ho sustained was so severe that it displaced his heart. M'Grath, who also lives at Newmarket, is sufferinc!froin a fraoturo of the baao of his skull. Edward M'Grado, aged 25, is a resident of Rand wick, Sydney. His right shoulder blado is fractured, and his nose is broken. Tuomey is the least hurt of those in tho Mclbourno Hospital, having had his ribs fractured. Ho has bcon treated at this institution previously for injurios received iu laccs. Morrison, tho rider of Sirocco, had hiu arm broken, but hie caso was not considered serious enough to warrant his removal to the Hospital, and he was taken homo. Cracknell and McGratU were unconscious when admitted tq tho Hoai > pital, but soon regained thp\r senses. Tho doctors wore with the patients continually until Sunday morning, They expeotod that Cracknell mul MeGrath would not livo tho night out, but aa tho time wore on their con dition improved. Having thoir constitutions weakened by tho effects of training, tho medical men considered that tho jookeya had a less chauco of recovering than thoy other wise would. Many frieudB, including tho Hon. Wm. Pearson and Mr, Mayo, owners of two of tho horoos which foil, visited tho sufferers ou Sunday. Dr. Fitzgerald has taken charge of the cases of tho four men in tho Mfclbourne Hospital. Robert Wyman, tho rider of Sardius, who is aged 20, sus tained concussion of tho brain, and wna re< moved to the Alfred Hospital. JJo had sa far improvod on Sunday evening aa to be ablo to convcrso with the doctors ooncorning tho mishap. 