(ShiStcrn. (ntOM out! OlV.V COliliKSroXliKST.) Wednesday winch was kept-tins year as a holiday in honor of her Majesty's Birtln dav passed over in Chilte.m in a very quiet manner, several small picnics’ were got up by private parties to the “ pilot” and other places of interest in the neighbourhood. On Monday evening a pleasing and entertaining plain and fancy dress ball took place at tin; Star Theatre under the auspices of the Rrougham Look Quadrille Club, a lew novel ideas were introduced, prir.es were given for the best fancy ladies and gentleman's dress, best jig. hornpipe, and'Highland Fling in cha racter best waltzing etc. A programme of many dances were gone through to the. excellent music provided by Chandler’s band, the airs were the latest and the tune all that the most exacting votary could desire, a most pleasant evening was spent, and the cups of gaiety drank to the drrgs. Throughout the night fully uO couples were present. The ordinary annual meeting of the Chiltorn, lhirnnwnrfhn and Indigo Agri cultural and Horticultural Society, will bo held to-day at the Star Hotel, when the balance sheet will be presented and the election of officers for the ensuing year will take place. The preliminary arrangement; will be made for holding the next show. On1 Sunday morning last the Right Rev. Hr. Reville, Coadjutor llishop of Sandhurst visited tho Catholic Church, Chiltorn, for the purpose of laying the foundation stone of tho now presbvtry about to be erected for Father Vender Heden ; and also to confer'the rights of confirmation on a number of young people. A very large gathering of tho congrega tion including' many visitors were present, which greatly exceeded the holding capa- I city of the church. Dr. Itevifle after Mass preached an eloquent sermon taking his text from the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, and giving'an able exposition of the dexent of the Holy Ghost on to tho heads of the apostles’; describing their lives' afterwards, perse-1 cutions they were compelled to sillier, and particularly referred to the life St. Fetoi; and his glorious work in Rome. At the conclusion of the sermon a collection was made to go towards the building fund of the Rresbytry headed by Father Vmi dor Heden, with £25, Mr. J. hi. O’Nioll, £5 5s and numerous other contributions, Ur. Reville then confirmed 124 candidates for confirmation who afterwards marched in procession, singing, to the site of the new Rresbytry where the Rishop with Father Van dor Heden performed the solum ceremonies in connection with tin? laying of the stone. A full orchestra, under the leadership, of Mr. 0. Chandler, carried out in an efficient mnnnor the ceremonies. ! The tribntors of the Alfred Co.’s Claim, Watson and party .cleared up a crushing last Thursday of, 58 tons of quartz for a return of liioz. tidwt.' of gold. On Sunday evening j the Rev, T. I Moorehousc preached to a largo congrega tion iirSt. Raul’s Church on , the subject of loyalty, and especially referred to our Ualovocl Bovonoyu ,-n.l ll,u liuj-j-.y and peaceful and prosperous reign Her Ma jesty' had enjoyed. At the conclusion of the service the National Anthem was sung by the whole congregation. An accident which, although 'alarming at first, but happily without serious results occurred to the buggy and its occupants who wore returning from a pic nic at tho Rarambogie on Monday. - There were five young people in the trap with, too horses, and the driver in turning a sharp turn in the road, on the, pear ,sido of which was a deep gully, the buggy turned completely over, into, the gully, throwing out the unfortunate pleasure seekers. Assistance was at hand, and it was soon found that further than a good shaking no .serious injury, had been .sustained by any of them, and after a little patching up of harness tho party were enabled to proceed to town in safety. . 