THE JULY MACAZINE3. \- The remarkable dulness of tho current num ber of the Contemporary is relieved to some . extent by Mr. J. G. Frazcr's very readable paper on tho Primitive Ghost and his relations, which displays a vast amount of carefully com piled information in regard to the aucieut origin of burial customs in all ports of the world. It appears that most of tlieso customs were designed to prevent tho ghost of tho dead from finding its way back. The very general practice of closing tho eyes of tho dead ' originated with this object. ' It was a mode of blindfolding the dead, that he might not see the way bywhich he was carried to his last home. At the gravo, where he was to rest for ever, there was of course no motive for conceal ment ; hence the Bomans and the Siamese opened the eyes of tho dead man at the funeral Pyre, just as wo should unbandage tho eyes of an enemy after conducting bim to his dostinu- tion. With a similar object the corpse is carried ont of the house foot foremost, for if he were carried out head foremost his eyes would bo turned towards the . door, and ho might therefore find his way back. Professor Goldwin Smith discourses on tho administration of Ire land, and urges that positive assurauco . should bo given of the inviolability of the Union and of the hopelessness of all attempts to destroy it. Let all doubts, he says, be ro- moved at once from the minds of Irish Unionists about tho determination of England . nnd Scotland to uphold tho Union, as the . people of tho United States upheld thoir union, with tho wholo power of tho nation. Nation- ., alist leaders will then begin to direct their efforts to practical and uttainablo reforms. "Mrs. Oliphant does full justice to tho genius . of Victor Hugo, and Mrs. H. B. Haweis shows how small plots of ground in citios may bo made attractive by skilful gardening. Principal Fairbaim contributes. an essay on Catholicism nnd Historical Criticism, and a lecture dolivorod at Oxford, by Mr. G. J. Bomancs, oh Mind nnd Motion, is reprinted. Captain Davidson furnishes a clear statement of the strength of tho army of Russia, Ho estimates ' the standing army of Russia to consist of over . 700,000 men on a peace, nnd over 2,000,000 on a war footing. A system of reserves and the enormous number of adults annually ' ready to recruit tho first lino make it appear possible to keop up a permanent army of 2,000,000'. Lord Harris's article on cricket will bo rend with ' some interest in Australia, though it contains nothing very remarkable. Tho writer claims that tho manly gamo has done something towards bringing together tho mother country nnd her Australian colonies Ho questions whether tho oxcitemcnt in Aus tralia has boon greater over the transmission of a body of colonial troops to assist tho mother country in tho Soudan thau it was over the suc cesses of tho first Australian Eleven that visited England's shores. With regard to tho future of cricket, ho notices somo signs of dilettantism coming over England—a disinclination to go through tlio drudgery of tho game, which alone can ensure eventual excellence, and a conse quent hankering after the milder excitomcnt of lawn tennis. Ho trusts he is wrong and that gentlemen will continue to bo the equals, if not the superiors, of tho professionals in tlio cricket field. A Review of Contemporary Life and Thought in Franco contains a very friendly estimato of tho political career and charactor of M. Ferry, tho lato head of tho Government, who is describod as having made good liis claim to be considered a truo statesman. In tho North American jRcvicto David Dudley Field and Henry George discuss land and taxation in tho form of a dialogue, but without convincing each other, though there aro points on which thoy agree. Tho substance of Mr. George's explanation of his scheme is that tho Stato should tax tlio soil, and tho soil only ; that in doing so it should consider tho soil as it carno from tho hands of the Creator, without anything that man has put upon it ; that all other property — in short, everything that man has made — is to bo acquired, enjoyed and transmitted as at present ; that the rate of annual taxation should equal tho rate of annual rentnl ; and that tlio proceeds of the tax should bo applied, not only to purposes of government, but to any other purposes that the Legislature may from time to timo think desirable, oven to dividing thom among the peoplo at so much a head. A paper by Mr. Gail Hamilton, entitled Prohibition in 1'ractico, speaks of tho lull in temperance enthusiasm caused by the disgust resulting from political prohibition, lie considers that tho chief danger to tem perance is from the prohibition party. If a prohibitory constitutional amendment be in sisted on as the issue the cause of intemperance will gladly accept it, nnd tho victory of tem perance will be indefinitely postponed. In most of tho states in which it has been tried prohibition has been found a failure, aud the peoplo have resorted to the more usual means of regulation and taxation. In ono place where there were twenty-five saloons under prohibition there were but nino under tax. In Detroit over 500 were closed out by tax law, and in other places similar results are recorded. In the state of Maine the effect of the prohibi tory law is that liquor is sold to all who wish to obtain it in nearly every town in the 6tate. For the past six years tho city of Bangor has practically enjoyed freo rum. In more than 100 placos liquor is sold, and no attempt bos been made to enforce tho law. Tho ex tradition of dynamite criminals is discussed by three writers, who very properly hold that such persons cannot bo classed with political offen ders, and that as they war against the innocent their misdeeds should ho raado ordinary crimes under tho laws of well governed countries. Mr. W. Clarke calls tho English Imperial Federation scheme a bubble. He points out that the question will not bo sottled, as most of the English Imperialists appear to imagine, in England, but in tho respective colonies. And the colonists will eottle it in accordance with their own interests. They will consider whether their fiscal policy shall bo moulded in accordance with the wants and wishes of English capitalists. Thoy will consider whether their interests will bo promoted by connection with tho intrigues of European diplomacy and the rivalries of European states men. They will consider whether they should impose financial burdens on thomselvcs in order to promote English foreign policy. They will consider whether either the British Parliament or somo hypothetical foderal council could manago any p rtion of their owu affairs for thom better than their own Governments and Parlia ments can do. And thoy will do this freely and independently, quite regardless of tho opinions or wishes of English » fair tradors," or military men, or colonial agents. Imperial federation, stripped of all the pretentious verbiage and vague rhetoric with which it has been adorned, is an attempt on the port of certain interests to maiutaiu their hold over mankind. It is a movement that in its essence is intended to divert tho broad stream of humau progress into tho narrow channel of English capitalism. The Fortnightly opens with au unsigned article on Local Government and Ireland, in which it is recommended that there shall bo county boards established for administering the local affairs of tho county, and a national council to cxerciso rach control as must bo exercised by somo central body over the county boards, and to deal with domestic matters of importance too great, or affecting areas too wido to onablo them to come properly within the scope of any county board. An aualysis of tho life's work of Victor Hugo, by lleniy J. Cenrd, severely criticises some of tho great poet's compositions. It is asserted that words are tho great power and tho sunromo cmnlitv of Victor Hugo, and that liis writings are fuller of midges than of ideas, Rogret is also expressed that Hugo should have caused painful disap pointment to the scientific minds of this century by a special clause in his will prohibiting tho autopsy which might havo thrown such brilliant light on tho obscure points of the working of tho corobcrol apparatus. Tho writer proceeds ; "Hugo, who was represented as being such an extraordinary innovator, as having an intellect so freo from all prejudices and all preconceived ideas, has yielded to speculations of a purely theological order, aud, a spiritualist even in death, ho has turned away from scicnco and re fused to allow his corpse to servo for the indis pensable demonstration which was impatiently expected. Hugo, who was always talking about giving light, has voluntarily contributed towards leaving in darkness ono of tho most curious points in anthropology. Was it prido? Was it weakness ? Did ho believe himself to bo abovo all explanation? Did he think that his genius had no accounts to render to tho histologist, and no judgments to accept from the tribunal of scicnco ? Or else, convinced by tho doctrine of Flowrcne, that genius is a lesion, was ho afraid to give to tho astonished world tho spectacle of an infirmity duly ascertained, and of a malady which would havo been described in an irrefutable official re port ?" In reply to an article in the previous number. Dr. Donkin enlarges upon the dangers of medical specialism, pointing out that tho specialist i6 liable to bo ignorant of the various constitutional causes which lead lip to particular diseases. Uuifcr the title of a Joke or a Job, a member of Convocation impugns the justice of the appointment of Mr Napier, of Gottingen, to tho new chair of English literature at Ox ford. Tho success which has attended tho last English expedition to South Africa, is made the text of an article on the future of that colony, by Mr. Frederic Macarness, who urges that British policy should be directed to tho steady dovolpment of tho regions to tho norih and north- west of tho Cope Colony, and to tho advance of the English frontier on the north- enst to tho limits of tho Portuguese territory. In the customary review of Home Affairs, it is pointed ont that tho formation of au ad interim Conservative Government is likely, in several ways, to favorably inflnenco the positiou and prospects of advanced Liberalism. So far as Liberalism is concerned, the centre of political interest is now shifted ftom Parlia ment to the country. The Rudical leaders will have abundant opportunity of Eying their pro gramme before tho people, and of preventing, as they might not have boon able to do if Tory democracy were unrepresented in the Cabinet, its anticipation by the pioneers of democratic Toryism. Supposing that the Liberal leaders had met tho constituencies after the Parlia mentary split, it is observed tbo chances of Conservatism would have been appreciably im proved. As it is, two substantial advantages wilt accrue to thoroughgoing Liberalism. In tho first place, the Liberal party will bo at least nominally united at the general election ; in tho second place, thoso in whom the con stituencies will recognise tho Liberal leaders will be ipso facto tho Radical chiefs. Mr. Edward Dicey, a well -known writer on Egyptian affairs, furnishes to tho Nineteenth Century a paper on the Khedivate, in which ho remarks that the influences which are work ing in behalf of Ismail's restoration, ore iden tical with thoso which are working against English ascendency iu Egypt, and in favor of placing tho country under an international syndicate. Meanwhile, he submits thnt the duty of England is clear. Tewfik has behaved loyally towards her, nnd she is pledged to his support by every consideration of interest and duty. If England is to maintain a general supervision over the administration of Egypt, sko can find no Khedive better fitted to follow her instructions than Tewfik Pasha. Writing on Parliamentary manners, Mr. H. W. Lucy quotes somo unruly incidents oi the past and previous sessions, but nevertheless claims that a Parliament that has abolished flogging in tho army, amended tho gamo laws, reformed the burial laws, 6tonued tho long defended citadel of mcdiieval bankruptcy law, relieved genius of the trammels of the patent laws, passed an Irish Land hill, aud carried the largest moasuro of electoral reform ever attempted, deserves well of its country. Treating of tho difficulty of conducting businoss in the Houso of Com- mous, Mr. II. H. Fowler, M.P., insists that if the decencies of debate are to he ob served, tho power and tho responsibility must bo placed in tho hands of tlio Speaker. Archd aeon Farrar supplies A Last Word to Lord Bramwell's remarks on Drink in a previous number, and while extendiug charity towards the opinions of otiiers, asks for a little charity shown by practical legislation f r the widows who are widows through drink, and the children who aro fatherless, and for the wretched on whoso desecrated hearths drink kindles tho very fires of hell. Captain Gaa- coigne, who accompanied Sir Charles Wilson to within a mile of Khnrtoum, in tho hope of re lieving Gordon, contributes a succinct account of the vovogo from G ubat to- tho junction of the two Niles, close to Omdurman, and of all the incidents which happened on tbo way. The description shows that tho dangers aud diffi culties of the enterprise have not been over- estimated, and that nil reasonable despatch was used. Under tho title of tho True Scientific Frontier of India, Mr. John Slagg, M.P., ox- presses tho opinion that it is not in England's power, either with or without allies, by an at tack upon Russia in Europe, to impede her progress in Central Asia, But oven if it were ho hopes tho days nro long past since, a- policy so revolting to tho reason and conscience of civilised humanity could bo carried into offect in a free nation. For it would mean that Europe should bo deluged with blood in order to Obtain for tho Turcoman a longer licenco to carry on his profession of slavo driving and cattlo lifting. Ho does not beliovo for a moment that tho Russian Government modi- tatos auy project so wild and impossible as the conquest of otur Indian Empire. In caso of any such attempt, England must meet a Russian invasion on Indian soil, or undertake the con quest and pacification of Afghanistan. Tlio Admiralty is severely taken to task by Mr. H, O. Arnold Forstcr for neglect of duty. Ho main tains that England's naval defences are, and for a considerable time past havo been, totally inadequate to her requirements ; that in every branch of tho service there are grave defects, which may nny day involve most serious dan gers. Writing of recent progress in biology, Professor Bay Lankcstcr, who does not think much of Koch's theory of bacteria and cholera, remarks that the progress of biological science in England is not so rapid as it would bo were tho country provided, as are tho Germans, French, Italians and Russians, with State- supported laboratories, in- which investi gations would bo conducted by salaried experts. Owing to the want of these, he sayr, our know ledge of bacteria, aud thoir relation to dis- oaso and to other important mattors, such as putrefaction and" fermentation,' advances but slowly, and many thou sands of persons dio or suffer, who very probably might be spared wore the know ledge more rapidly gained, which will, as it is, como in tho courso of long years. In the form of an Australian Appeal to tho English Democracy Mr. Bcrnhard Wise, of Sydney, contributes to Macmillan somo views of political questions from tho New South WalcB point of viow. Ho regards thcrccont despatch of troops from New South Wales to Egypt as having brought the qnestiou of Im perial union within tho raugo of Australian politics, hut ho does not consider that it has re moved any one of the difficulties in the way of union. But, in his opinion, it is the first step which leads cither to Imperial uniou or to separation. Haviug onco surrendered tho ad vantage of our isolated positiou, we must henceforward be projiared either to take a proper part in European affairs or to hold aloof. Ho points out that a German purchased cruiser or the ships of tho Mcssagerios Mavitimes could clear the sea of Australian commerce. Were this done, oveu for six months, he holds that tho result to Australia would be national bankruptcy. A nation of less thau 3,000,000 peoplo cannot do a trade of £50,000,000 anuually without a freo use of borrowed capital. Were the. supply of this stopped, and were the wool clip, even of a singlo Beason, preveutcd from leaving our shores, nearly every bank would havo to close its doors. Federalists must face this danger, and provide against it. Wore Australia independent, aud Euglund involved in war, wo could find other carriers for our goods, and it would he Euglund thnt would suffer most from tho disturbance of Australian commerce. It is out of the question that wc should over bo at war upon our own accouut, so that, if we were au independent nation, our commerce, would always bo protected by tho laws of neutrality. Nevertheless', tho writer thinks uniou wiih England is worth somo sacrifice. Tlio Enabling Bill, of courso, lias his entire disapproval, and he holds peculiar views with rcfcreuco to tho advance of foreign powers in tho Pacific. Ho sees in the presence of tho Germans at New Britain and tho French at New Calcdouia and the Now Hebrides, not a sourco of danger to Australia, but tho moral advantages of having in our neighborhood the representatives of other civilisations, and great material blessings derived from this propinquity. Penal settlement as it is, Mr. Wiso says of New Caledonia, it has already caused n considerable increase in tho volumo of Australian trade, and a similar result must follow the establishment of every new settlement. Sydney being tho emporium of tho island trade, whatever develops commerce in the islands must increase tho wealth of Syducy. Foreign annexation, Mr. Wiso adds, will also save Australia from another danger. Thoso tropical islands can only bo worked by colored labor, nnd colored labor will bo a per manent sourco of disunion and difficulty to Australia. A foreign power cau faco this danger, becauso it lias no white settlements close by ; but workraen'in Australia will novor consent to be taxed for tho government of coolie plantations. Tho Century nnd ITarper nro both exceed ingly well illustrated this mouth, and tho lottcr- press is varied nnd interesting. In tho former there is o picturesque account of Gcorgo Eliot's county — Warwicksiu'ro, some readable 6kotchos of social lifo iu tho American colonies in tho early days, more rcminiscouces of tho groat civil war, and a further instalment of Henry James's serial story Tho Bostonians. Somo short stories, an historical notice of tho city of Buffalo, with its various institutions, a lively accouut of tho Montana cow boys, and a paper on tho Mohammedans in India form tho chief at tractions of Harper. 