CHAPTER VII. Lelgarde had forced me into an arm-chair, and flung herself down on a footstool at my feet, turning so that she could speak without niv seeing her face. These preparations almost frightened me. What was she going to say ? Her beginning took me by surprise. 'Joan, when we were talking about ghosts the other night, at the rectory, you only said something about it in a joke. What do you think seriously?' ' Seriously, my dear, I think there is no necessity to make up one's mind, as we are not at all likely to be troubled with such visita tions.' ' If you saw a ghost, what would you think ? what would you do ?' ' Have jw» seen a ghost ?' I asked, to bring matters to a point. She looked at me earnestly. ' Joan, I declare to you solemnly that I be lieve I have : not once, or twice, but many, many times. My life has been made wretched, my nights — oh ! how can I have such nights, and keep my life and reason ?' She was trembling violently. I felt that it must all be told now ; strokingdown her hair I, said, as quietly as possible: 'Tell me all about it. child, as distinctly as you can ; it will be all right, depend upon it.' ' I will — I will tell you all. Hold on closer, Joan — how I love your dear oil steady hand. You will hold mine when I am dying, won't you Joany ? You will take care of me to the last?' ' Go on, my dear ; you are not going to die just yet.' ' I don't know — sometimes I feel as if I could not bear much more of this ; but I don't want to die, it is horrible to think of drifting out into the cold shadow-world, where — where they are — where she is. Oh ! Joan, listen to the wind.' ' Never mind the wind, ray child,' said I, ' and as to death — though it is life you should be thinking about — what is death but going to our mother, to your father — to the Great, Good Father of us all.3' ' But the valley of the shadow of death, the king of terrors ! Those words have meaning, Joan. Well, I am telling you nothing ; be patient, and I will. You remember the day we examined the cabinet, and saw her picture ? that day Mrs. Bracebridgh told us that sad ' Yes ; and how you waked me up at an unearthly hour the next morning.' ' You asked me if I had slept badly. Now, Joan, I am going to tell you the history of that night, solemnly and truly.' ' Go on, little woman, I am listening to you.' ' I fell asleep — how long I slept, I do not know — I can hardly say I awoke, that does not describe it — but I became conscious suddenly ; and what roused me was the sound of weeping — such weeping, so desparing, so terrible, Joan, that it made my heart stand still.' ' Let me go on : next I became conscious that I could see. There was some sort of light, but whether from window, fire, or candle I cannot tell you, but I saw — yes, distinctly, a figure by my bedside ; I never can remember the dress, I have only a vague impression of some loose wrapper, of a light colour ; but the face ! oh, Joan, believe me, I am not fancying thing ; it was the face of Miss Hilda's portrait, only older, far older, worn and white, and bathed in tears— such a face of despair, that if you really saw such 3 one, you would be wretched for days afterwards.' ' But, fortunately, it was only in a dream, my pretty one ; a dream very easily accounted for. Come, is that all ?' ' I wish it were. Now, Joan, all this does not seem to me like a dream in looking back upon it; but what came next, you will say must have been. I had a vague feeling of being carried — hurried along dark galleries, and down cold stairs. Oh, this I never can meke you understand. I can't get at my own idea, or put it into words. It was I who endured all this, it was I who felt the cold, and the wretchedness, and the sickening, over whelming terror ; and yet it was not I, but another creature — that other, that was I, and yet not I.' ' Niehtmare.' ' Call it so if you will. I grew more con scious, but the scene was changed. I stood before that cabinet. Do you remember my saying I fancied it had a secret recess some where ?' ' I do.' ' Wei!, that recess opened at a touch— mine, or that other's — and something was found there, something was said to me. I have tried for hours and hours to recollect what, but I cannot — it is all a blank. Only one sentence I seem to have carried away with me, wailed into my ears in a despairing moan, ' Remember, when the day comes, that wrong can never be right-.'1 ' And was this all youifdream ?' ' It ends always with some vague feeling of cold and discomfort, but nothing more in dis tinct. The vision, or dream, if you like, fades away, and the next thing that happens is that it is morning.' ' Then this has happened more than once ?M 'More than once? Night after night! Joan' — she hesitated here — 'you fancy that my liking for Mr. Seymour Kennedy is strange. Do you know the reason of it ? He has power to lay the ghost.' ' What can you mean ?' ' I mean that the night after his visit, and sometimes the night before, I am never troubled. It is sttange, is it not? I don't like him really ; he is most unlike all that I have been used to make my type of excellence ; but surely he must be destined in some way to rule my fate, or why has he this strange in fluence over the curse that pursues me ?' ' A curse ! — my dear, strong language ! Those dreams show a bad state of health, and you ought to have mentioned them before.' Lelgarde rose and stood before me, looking like a ghost herself in her white wrapper. » ' Joan,' she said, 'I have allowed you to 'alk about dreams, but it wiil not do ; it is no dream, no fancy. Something does really visit my room at night.' Her voice, her tone of conviction, the re membrance of the servants' gossip, all made my blood curdle. Unimaginative as I am, little as I believe in ghosts, I could hardly command my voice in asking Lelgarde to ex plain her reasons for what she said. ' Every night I lode my door, and I always find it locked in the morning ; but my room is entered nevertheless. I always put my candle on this chair by the bed. I have repeatedly in the morning found die chair moved, the candle and she smiled a little, 'how you used to Sdget me about putting my shoes side by side, and that I have got into the fixed habit of doing so. Well, I have found them separated, as if some foot, treading perhaps in doubtful light, had disarranged them.' 'A substantial spirit then, Lelgarde, by your own showing.' 'You mean that you think some one is playing me a trick ? Who could be so fiend ishly cruel ? Besides, how do you account for the cabinet, the secret recess, all those strange visions which, even in the daytime, haunt me ? I vow to you, Joan, that I can never shake them off, except when Mr. Kennedy is here. He is so amusing and clever, and I get some times so much entertained,, and sometimes so angry with him, that just for that time I forget myself. ' And then you do not dream ? Dearest, does not that show that it is an effect of imagination — the whole thing ?' 'I have told myself so ; I almost believed it. And I began to observe the disarange ments in my room. Joan, it is useless to fight against it. I am doomed to be hunted down — that is what I feel, and nothing else. Tell me, why could I not live here as a child ? What was it that scared me nearly to death, or mad ness?' She was kneeling before me now, looking at me with great woeful eyes full of a dark terror which I felt almost powerless to fight against. *? We will go away, Lelgarde,' I cried, ' you are rich, my darling ; you shall not stay here to be ilL Let us go to Italy : let us go to Rome, and look up your old friend Harry.' Things were come to a pass, indeed, wke 1 I was driven to this suggestion ! I was glad to see her cheeks colour up, and a more natural look return to her eyes. ' Yes, I should like that' she said, ' I should dearly like it — but I though I ought to stop here ; it is my home, and my duties lie here.' ' Your first duty is to get well and strong, my pet' ' Perhaps so ; as it is, I am getting weaker every day. I cannot tire myself into sound sleeping, as I used to do ; and oh ! do you wonder that I dread death ? To become my self one of that fearful shadowy world !' Hush, Lelgarde, we will talk no more about it to-night You shall sleep in my arms, as you did in your baby day. Come, let us say our prayers and go to bed ; and let the ghosts think twice before they come and torment my child, now she has her old Joan to take care of her.' I succeeded in making Lelgarde smile, but I must confess that I was feeling very shakey, for all my bold speeches. Lelgarde, thoroughly exhausted, and safe in my arms, was soon sleeping heavily with her head pillowed on my shoulder ; I lay awake all night long, listening to the wind, trembling at die driving rain, and hearing in every slamming door and creaking window ghostly footsteps coming to haunt my darling. . ( 7b be continued . ) 