^CONTINUED FROM SATUKD-VV's SUPPLEMENT.] JACOBI'S WIFE. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. JLOTHOR OF " HER WORK IX LIFE,71 " BEYOND RECALL : A STORY OF THE EGYPTIAN "WAR," ETC., ETC* Y-RVI.IL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXXIX-A CUP OF TEA. The solitary walk which Joan lmd'taken^ gave lier leisure to reflect upon the situation in which she now found herself, and the upshot of her re flections was, that she could not Well decide whether er not it was her duty to surrender the pipers that Clarice had placed in her hands, ivithout ascertaining what they were. Accord ingly, as Patty h*d reported, she occupied her self that evening in deliberately examining, for the first time, the papers fastened into the bag which she had guarded with such jealous care. "It is for Geoffrey's sake I do it," she said to herself. " If them: papers are dangerous to him, I have a. right to see them. It is I who care for iiim now. No one else has the right." And then she "unfolded the papers and looked at them with care. The letter written in Geo'^rey's name, as well as that from, the Hospital Secretary and the re ceipt, told hev little ; but there were a few words of explanation on a separate picee of paper-a eoi-t of memorandum of the facts-by Sir Wilfred Yanborough, which made the story clear enough. And then it was that Joan wept, not over her lover's guilt, for of that no evidence could ever have convinced her, but over the occurrence of circumstances which had involved him in such misfortune. And when she had dried her tears, she sat still and thought in tensely. "I fancy that Mr. Jaeobi has not all the power he boasts of," she said to herself, as she passed in review the details of his visit. " I do not believe that Sir iVilfred, cruel as he is, would permit these papers to become public property. .He has shielded Geoft'rey CO far ; he will not bring shame upon him bow that he is lying helpless on a sick bed. Mr. Jacobi might do that, but I do not think Sir Wilfred would. And Clarice knew what these papers were when sue Drought them to me. She thought they would be safe with me. And so they shall be." She folded np the papers and replaced them in the bag. Her lips were set in a tirm line of fixed determination. She teok a needle and cotton from her work- box, and began to sew the edges of the little bag together. "If Sir \Yilfred sends for me and speaks to ?me himself,'' she thought, " I will make my own terms with him. But give them to Mr. Jacobi J will not. Let him do his worst; he cannot Jiarm me much. I shall have due warning when they want me to give up the papers." And then a daring notion flashed across her mind. Should she destroy them altogether ? But this she shrank from doing-unless, indeed, Sir Wilfred should die ; in which case she miaht possibly be justified in thus preserving Geoffrey from the malice of his enemies.- At any rate she would not destroy papers which were Dot her own property, until concealment was im possible. And, acting upon this decision, she iiung the bag round her neck once more and went to bed. _ Geoffrey was not left alone. On alternate ?flights old Anthony was sent from Beechhurst by his maarer to sit up with Captain Vanborough*. On the nights when he was absent Joan and .Mary Gray shared the watch between them. This was one of the nights on which Anthony was in the house, and Joan therefore slumbered with a comparatively easy mind. For the next day or two things went quietly. Jacobi came daily to the farm on the pretext of inquiring after Geoffrey, and his errand seemed .so natural to the farmer and his son that they never gave his visits more than a passing thought. It was only Joan whom they inspired with a vague distrust. As long, however, as she could ikeep him out of Geoffrey's room she did not trouble herself concerning the length of his stay «very morning, or the frequency of his inter views with Patty. She did notice, however, that Patty's orna ments about this time greatly increased in num ber and value. She had always dressed gaily much too gaily for a farmer's wife-in ribbons, laces, feathers, trinkets inumerable ; bat Joan's honest soul-careful yet generous as it was was moved to dismay when she beheld her sistcr-in-IaH's gaudy earrings, brooches, and bracelets, which Joan knew must have been re cently purchased, and which she thought Seth could not well afford. To remonstrate was, however, an ungracious task, and one which for the present she thought she might defer until a more convenient season. Patty herself at this time seemed unusually kind and amiable to Joan. She was constantly impressing upon her the necessity of walking and amusing herself as much as possible; con stantly expressing anxiety lest sick-nursing should injure her health, and declaring her own willingness to watch by Captain Vanborough night and .day should she be allowed to do so. Joan wondered a little at this change of sen timent on Patty's part, but accepted it in all good faith. She began to think that Patty had a kind heart after all. The weather had grown very hot. It wa3 the height of summer, and the days were close and oppressive. Old Anthony was to spend the night at the farm, and Joan, who had a bad headache, was alinostglad for once, to think that she had not to sit up with Geoffrey. "You don't look at all well, Joan," said Patty, sympathetically. " Suppose you go and lie down, and I'll briug you a cup of tea or something byand-by." "Thank you, I don't want anything," Joan answe ed. " But I think I will go and Tie down; the weather makes one's headache." "Yes it's the weather," said Patty, with rather an odd look, which, however, escaped Joan's observation. " There'll be a storm soon, I dare say. Good night, if you are going." " Good night," said Joan. TheD, moved by a sudden impulse, she put her arm round Patty and kissed her on the forehead. "You are very kind to me, dear," she said. " Thank you -and good night." Patty did not return the kiss. She stood with her head studiously bent over her apron and made no answer. There was a tear in her blue eyes. " I wish I hadn't promised, after all," she said to herself with some uneasiness, when Joan had left the room. Farmer Darenth and his son had gone to a horse fair at some little distanco from Cham wood. They would not be homo until late. Patty first assured herself that the farm ser vants were all out of the way ; then she tripped lightly down the garden path, crossed the orchard, and arrived at a little deserted building which had once been used as a hen-house, but was now in a very dilapidated condition. Here she tapped lightly with her fingers at the door. A key was turned in the lock from inside, and the door slightly opened. Patty pushed it fur ther open, entered, and found herself face to face with Mr. Constantine Jacobi, who was smoking a cigarette. " My goodues3 ! Sir. Jacobi, you shouldn't smoke here," she said, with an affectation of alarm. " Suppose somebody came this way!" "But you say that nobody does come this way, don't you?" said Jacobi. "Besides, people would think there was a tramp some where near-that would be all." " Oh, yes, tramps smoke scented cigars, of course," said Patty, with what was intended to be withering sarcasm. ''You'd better put it out' if you waut to be safe, sir. I don't know what Seth would say to me, I'm sure, if lie knew what I was doing." "He would say you were as clever as you were pretty," said Jacobi carelessly, "anil that would be saying a good deal. Well show me the hole in the wall you spoke of." Patty moved to one side of the building, and displaced some boards which covered a rather large aperture in the wall. "There," she said. "Now, if anybody conies to thu door and knocks it in-for the lock is not safe, you kuow-you can get away through that hole Or, if they come to the hole, you can get away through the door. I don't think you'll be caught if you are careful." " Thanks," said Jacobi. " This is a capital place of concealment. I shall be comfortable enough here for a, few hours. And how is Joan ?' " Joan has a headache," said Patty, looking uneasy again. " A headache ? Of course, that is what I meaut her to have. What did you do with the stuff I gave you, Patty ?" " I put it iuto her tea, yesterday and to day. It won't do her any harm, will it?" " Of course not, you silly little creature. I don't want to do her any harm. I only wanted her to have a headache to-day, and you see I have accomplished my purpose." "Yes, but you want me to give her something else, don't you?" said Patty, in a_slightly reluc tant tone. "Only something to inako her sleep a trifle illiire soundly than usual, my dear. You need not be afraid." "You are sure it-it won't kill her?" said Patty, nervously. " She'll wake up all right, will she not ?" " Of course she will. What extraordinary ideas you have got in your mind," said Jacobi, with a glance which was not a particularly pleasant one. "It is the most common tiling in the world to give people a little dose to make thera sleep soundly. I often take one myself, ijiave often given one to Sir Wiifred and Miss Ya.nborov.gh." " Well, I don't know," Patty began, hesitat ingly, but Jacobi interrupted her with some sharpness. " Do you want the ten pounds I promised you, or do you not ? If you do you must earn it." Patty be gan to whimper. "I'm sure I'm! ready enough to earn it," she said, plaintively. " It's ouly that I don't want to do any harm to Joan. If you're quite sure that sho won't be hurt I don't mind." " I did not know you were so fond of your precious sister-in-law," said Jacobi, with a sneer. " However, as you are so anxious about her welfare, I can assure you that my medi cine will not have the slightest injurious effect. Now are you ready to do what I tell you " Yes," said Patty, in a submissive tone. Jacobi produced a tiny bottle from his pocket. " Look here. I have mixed the exact dose in this bottle. All you have to do is to pour it into her tea and let her drink it. There is neither taste nor smell, and she will never dream of anything being amiss. She will be fast asleep in half an hour, and will not wake till morning. In an hour's time from the mo ment when yon give her the cup of tea go to her, take the bag from her neck, and bring it to me." " Suppose she wakes up ?" said Patty, fear fully. " She ean't wake. She wouldn't wake if a waggon and four horses drove through the toovn. You needn't be afraid. Then bring the bag and all that it contains to me." " But what shall I say in the morning?" said Mrs. Seth Darenth in helpless tones. "She will ask if I came into her room-if I know any thing about it; she will tell father and Seth. What shall I do ?" " You little fool, you'll put the bag back when I've got out of it what I want. She will never know it has been touched unless she looks into it; and that perhaps she will never do. So calm your mind, Patty, my dear, and go and earn your ten pounds. It i3 half-past seven o'clock now. We shall not pet our business done till nine. Your husband won't be home before half-past uiue or ten. We have not too much time after all. Go and make her tea." "When will you give me the ten pounds ?" " When you come back with the bag. See here," and Jacobi displayed upon the palm of his hand ten golden sovereigns. "These will be yours, pretty Patty, as soon as ye have earned them." Patty smiled, nodded, and departed with the bottle hidden in her hand. Jacobi seated him self on a block o£ wood, and calmly resumed the smoking of his cigarette. " I don't want any tea, really, Patty," said Joan, some ten minutes later, when Patty ap peared at the bedside with a cup and saucer in her hand, aud a rather flushed, excited face. " You must drink it now I've made it on pur pose for you," said Patty, quickly. " Why, I thought you would be glad of it, Joan. I'm sure it would send you to sleep, and take your headache away." " More likely it would keep me awake," said Joan, with a faint laugh. " Wall, as you have so kindly made it, Patty, I will drink it." She took the cup from Patty's hands, and drank its contents thirstily. She was evidently a little feverish. Patty stood by and watched h;r with frightened eyes. There was some thing diabolical to her simple eyes in the notion of sending people to sleep against their will. She said good night to Joan, and carried the cup and saucer downstairs, placing them care lessly in the scullery to be washed by one of the maids, Patty was not formed to be a con spirator. She suddenly remembered that she had left the little bottle upon the table after she had emptied it into the cup of tea, and she ad vanced hastily to the table in order to secrete it. But the bottle was not there. Patty felt a sudden qualm of fright. Then she consoled herself quickly. One of the stupid servants must have been inside the parlor and taken it away. She called out angrily " Mary-Bessy-where are you ?" And as Bessie, a red-cheeked damsel of sixteen, ap peared, Mrs. Seth Darenth made her accusation. " How dare you take my things away ? Where is the bottle I left on tiie table ?" "I hain't seen 110 bottle," said Bessy, opening her eyes. "What kind o' bottle was it, mum ?" "The bottle I kept my-my toothache mix ture in," said Patty, with a lie ready to hand. " It was nearly empty, but I wanted to get it filled again. Be quick and look for it." Bessy hunted everywhere for the missing bottle, but could not find it. And Patty was forced to relinquish her search for it at last, though not without misgivings that Mr. Jacobi would refuse her the ten pounds if she did not return him his bottle. More than half-an-hour had elapsed since the administration of the sleeping- draught. Patty thought that she would go upstairs and take a look at Joan through the peep-hole. She must be asleep by this time. Curious fact ! Joan did not appear to be asleep at all. She was turning restlessly upon her pillow, and sighing now and then. Patty watched her breathlessly. Surely Mr. Jacobi had not been mistaken ? Was Joan not going to sleep after all ? There ! now she was quieter. She had not moved for some minutes. Was she sinking into slumber at last? No, that she was not; she was sighing again, and turning restlessly as 3he had done before. Patty cast a frightened glance at a clock behind her. The time was speeding away, and Seth would soon bo there. Could nothing be done to make Joan go to sleep? Stie looked again. Joan was lying motionless upon her bed. " I beliere she ia asleep," said Patty to herself. " I've a good mind" to go in now aud take the bag." But even as these thoughts passed through her mind, Joan stirred. She sat up erect, aud called out in a firm, clear voice ;' Patty !" Patty gave a sudden start. Her first impulse was to imagine that Joan had,'in some occult way, become awaro of her sister-in-law's watch ful eye at the hole in the partition, and to answer humbly even from her point of vantage. After that first moment of alarm, however, she scrambled down from the chair on which she had been standing and stood in the middle of the room, her heart beating violently. And then her name was called again, and she collected herself so far as to respond, and to make her way tremblingly into the passage. Joan appeared at the door of her own room, a tall, white figure, with her magnificent hair falling over her shoulders, and her eye3 bright with unusual lustre. "Patty," she said, '"my headache is gone, but I feel as if I should never go to sleep again. I am wide awake. If you like to go to bed, I will dress and sit up for father find Seth. They are sure to be late." Patty stared at Joan with guilty, dilated eyes, and did not speak. "How white you look, Patty!', said her sister-in-law. " You have been too long alone I will be down directly, and then you can go to bed as soon as you like." She closed the door as she spoke. Patty stood for a moment transfixed by fright and astonish ment, then ran softly downstairs, let herself out of the house, and sped toward the deserted building it the end of the orchard. Jacobi opened the door as soon as he heard her hasty tap. "What a time you have been?" lie said. " What lias happened ?" Iu a few incoherent words she gave him the history of the experiment. Hp uttered a furious oath and ground his teeth with rage. .'I must try some other way, then," he said, his brow contracting ominously. "And my ten pounds, Mr. Jacohi?" said Patty, nearly crying between vexation, disap pointment, and fear. " I'm sure I've earned it, for it wasn't my fault if Joan didn't fall asleep." "Oh; I dare say you spilt the mixture or spoilt it in some way," said Jacobi, coolly. " I'm not going to pay you, when I haven't got what I came for, Mrs. Seth Darenth." Then, seeing that she was on the point of bursting into tears, ho added, " There's a sovereign just now at any rato. We'll see about the rest later. Now yon had better go homo as quickly as you can or Joan will -suspect something. I want to get out of this abominable place too, as soon as possible." Patty came in from the garden looking so con fused and so anxious .that a person must have been blind not to suspect that something was atniss. Joan wondered, but said nothing. She herself felt so restless and feverish that she wandered out into the cool evening air for re freshment. The opiate bad the only effect of making her wakeful for the whole night, and leaving her with a slight headache next morn-, ning. j Doctor Ambrose met her, as it happened, at the parden-gate, when he paid his daily visit to Geoffrey, and asked what ailed her. She told him that she had "spent a wakeful night, and that that was all. "Wakeful nights don't generally leave you with such pale cheek3," said the doctor, regard ing her with some keenness. " What kept you awake ?" " I don't know. I had a headache and went to bed early. I think a cup of tea that I drank must have had something to do with it," said Joan, smiling a little, for one of the doctor's pet theories was based on the evil effects of too much tea and coffee drinking. " A bad thing-a bad thing," said Doctor Am brose seriously. "You will ruin your con stitution, you know, if you will drink tea late at night, Joan. Now I must go and see my patient, I suppose." Neither of them had noticed the near approach of a man who had been working in the garden while they talked. He had a dark, sullen ex pression of countenance, but it softened a little as he touched his cap to Joan. She recognised him at once as Patty's ne'er-do-weel cousin, Joel Price. "Why, Joel," she said, "I did not know that you were working here. How is your rheu matism ?" " It's better, Miss, thankee." "Did you rub your arm with the stuff I sent you ? And did it do you good ?" The man grunted out a sulky assent. Joan moved forward to join the doctor, when she was arrested by a few words from Joel. " Look here," he said, " don't you go for to get Patty into trouble if I tells you something." "No," said Joan. "You may trust me. What is it ?" "You was always kind to me," Joel went on, '.and I don't like to sec tricks played you. It was Patty as kept you awake. She put some stuff into your tea from a little bottle-I see her from the window-and then she nodded to her self and said, 'That'll make her sleep now.' Here's the bottle that she poured it out of. I got it while she went upstairs with your tea. She was joking belike. She's played me many a trick afore now, and I thought I'd be even with her for once." "Thank you, Joel," said Joan, taking the bottle from the man's hand quietly. " Dont say anything about it." "Not I. You won't get her into trouble for it neither will you ?" " Certainly not. I am much obliged to you." Joan walked down the path and joined the doctor at the other end of the garden. " Well," he said in the tone, half-joking, half friendly, in which he sometimes accosted her, " you look as if you had seen a ghost. What have you got there 2" " Could you tell me what has been inside that bottle, Doctor Ambrose?" she said. The doctor took it from her hand and looked at it suspiciously. " I might be able to tell you to-morrow," he said. " Shall I take it home with me and see ?" " Yes, please. But you must promise not to say anything about it to anybody." The doctor promised, wrapped the bottle in paper, and departed with it in his pocket, j Joan awaited the result of his examination with some anxiety. But when the morrow came Doctor Ambrose's usual visit was omitted. On the following day, however, his assistant appeared in his place, with the news that the old doctor had been taken suddenly ill, and had been, for the j last four and twenty hours, utterly incapable of movement or of speech. (1'obe continued.) 