COWARD CONSCIENCE ! Br F, W. BOBINSON, Author of " Grandmother's Monet Little Kate Kiitnv "Poor Human itt; " " O coward conscience, how dost thou alHIct me 1 " ; — Shaltspesro BOOK IV. CHAPTER IV.— The Old Servant. A man not prone to tako advice at the best of times, and who by rejecting it occasionally had made many grave mistakes, Ton Bagnell had in this instance followed his mother's instruc- tions to seek the park-land beyond the house in preference to the gloom of the drawing-room, where Lady Bagnell had discovered him. There was more space for thought In the groat park ; he could not leave for -London yet awhile, he had discovered by the time table,, and here he ootdd wander on undisturbed, he hoped, aud endeavor to fashion into shape the future course of his life. Everything had changed since the morning, even his own esti mate of the poor humanity about him. He was right; there was no trusting anyone at Broadlands, and he most think for himself, now that there was so much deceit in his way. He wonld have consideration for no ono but Violet Hilderbrandt | it was Ida right, he thought, bom of the treachery which had been at work against her from the first, bom of the love, too, which had grown with him, end which he knew wae as hopeless as Ursula's hate other had made it. He went far Into the woodland, aud at . so swift a pace that Ursula would have sought him In vain, had he not tamed to retrace his steps at the same fierce rate of progression, and was once more, and unconsciously, approaching her bom whoso presence he would have prayed Sod to spare hint had he known how Close she . was upon him then. Tho crisis of this last meeting was not to come at onco, for Fate, in the shape of Robin Fisher — and thore could nol havo been a grimmer, harder fate in that hour— was to balk the ono faint chauco which Ursula Bagnell plight have had. It was tho old batler wander ing about the park also, perhaps patting himself intentionally in the young master's way, upon whom Tom Bagnell chanced before he was aware. At the first glimpse of him, Tom turned with the intention of walking hastily away, then a now lmpnlso made him swerve, and ho come with qnlok long strides to the side of the old man. " What are you doing hero ?" asked Tom. , "Taking a bit of n walk — I'm going Into the town about my black, through the wicket yon der, replied the butler. . I am glad I hava mat you," said Tom, hur riedly, "xhave heard bad nawa awful new—. to-day." " This Is a fine plow for bad news/ aaswarad Mr. Fisher. "1 dout know that X ever heard of any good in all my long timd' oC.aarvto. " That will do. Listen to ma" " Vps, Mr. Tom.'' The old man crossed his lorge-Toined hands together, clasped them across the lower buttons of his waistcoat, and looked nt Tom with half- shut, blinking eyes— the sun'falllng strosigly on his wrinkled countenance. "If thore is anyone I can trust, it b you, Rohm, after all,' said Tom. "Yes, Master Tom," was tha reply- "Tou -may trust mo in your Interests, always. I haven t forgotten it — I have been watching, when it looked as if you had tamed your hack upon it— hut I thought the 'nnerul might pass over Unit." " VU U !"1v"'th!'ur ' say< han 7" " What Sir John Bagnell did no1 earn 'o toll me ? " -\y. tint's it." "Bl.ntho v,nR afraid to tell ino whilst my cousin Krs rhi was nursing, him night after night ir I. th;.t thouwtul truth of It/" asked 1 Oil). ' Ay, sir, ho ware main nfrnid of her to the hist. But "— mil hurii tint thin lips wcro piiivercil elov iv— " f thought 1 was uovnr to say a wool a-.uin' Ilia l.ulv any iiioivv" " I hava -M l i ;i c. i in donln ln-r— I sea much m'.riirjf in this housa -a' » iiich alio has bticu tne cansc," said Tina, rtmul . . " f could havo given >uit warning of a lot of It, if you hmt only hit ma -silt, tm: ymi wouldn't," inutturint Mr. Fisher, thinking of his old grievance. " toll me all e.v.-, T mn'st l>e upon my guard."' " And you ,rnip- urr Mian Ursula?" " I am n ; ' " We lll-l 1 "Iter »'U' a li'tlo wo- " oo'd tha belie,'. - t i . h , In sighi of tar home, when «- -'..nd '.hat lien.i " The two tun,. "I.i Ur-nlu i'-'a-'i .... them for tho lira" time. :m th-v ca— i.e. . by side i r.iT ilia distant 'I-. ... walking away from hnr, and ta-r «'r;„ , siiunt aud genu. Blie coii"i n«' . tnem; it was ir,yolul l;cr powar. , . - doivu on one of She rn.'tio ta>tu:he. i" , aud waited wltlt a sncuiing pa in- ire r ' - cousin, llo ioim'. return tint u - . : v i time; be must pass her t!i„r<, inilf— > t cut into the grwi lanes nnd lieine I . roail, which was nullkely. Iton-haie g , the old lover, aha sat udder t.-.o he. le. ! shelter of an oiktreu, and in IL- "tn-m r air, into which she had net ven'i'eal r.m- „-r i illn,:.»». The deer enme to her, n.-ul lord- , i ously nklinrj tho hlrds sang n'-ovn I'm- S - , nndiluitod by her with liKhr-glatndr.r . all was peace, nud a fair liaruiuny of i.aiuir ,.a i 'dial Iwigtit Hiiiiimni's day. i l.'ow long she united fo- hfm «he never knew. Shu hail no conscioipnuss ni time — it teeini'd not to lnilong to her life any more. A statue hewn of inarlilo and set np 'there could have Bonn scarcely more inanimato than she, until Itotdn Fhilier, turned from his thoughts of Irving on his now black suit, came with his hands behind him, nt a feeble trot, along tho clo-c green turf. Ursula had risen, and was standing in his way In fore ho wns awu'ro of it. Ho glared at her ns nt a ghost, which ho had believed could, only haunt the home itself. " Where Is my cousin, Fisher ? lVhero have you loft him ?" she cried. "Master Tom— you mean — of course?" ho stammered in reply. » " Ves— whore is he?" was the eager question again. "J wouldn't go to him now Miss Bagnell," said the buticr." " He's had quite enough to hear to-day." 'H know that. So havo I." "And " "Whore is he?" Ursula demanded for the third time. " A little way along there," said Mr. Fislinr, pointing in tins direction he hat! coino ; " von can't mlfs him. lie is walking straight to wards von. W«. that him— just by the dump ol trees ' " Yes. How go !" "Certainly, uia'am." Tire old man recommenced his trot towards tho mansion, and Ursula Bagnoll moved to wards licr old lovor for an instant. He saw her advancing, stopped, hesitated, and then came on again. CHAPTER V.— Tbe LastMeet'vo u: Turns 1 Lives.. j This was the end of tire love-drown L-ye., J short a while ago, nnd in tins i„,-.. -I,,e fashion were dashed down all the hoi-,., > .neb delusion had fostered, aud vanity uini h :i;..<Ii- noss had betrayed. It was alt over. Man and woman who had plighted their troth iu lire cold March month were to set it aside -re tho the June daysf/ero ended. The Fates had u.'t allowed them one clear quarter of a "ear in bud out their mistakes— the fallacy of alt that tliay had planned and striven for. "The sands upon which their trust was built had shifted with the first great tide which had rolled towards them, changing and submerging everything. Ursula Bagnell knew it wiis too Ivs when her cousin was close upon her, and ins steely looks were those of. her judge and her accuser. Her last faint hope went by. This iv?.? the very end, indeed ! If she could have turned hack without hear ing a single word, and stolen away into some hiding place to die, she would have "been glad- It would have saved her oue more hitter memory in a lifts that had been full of harsh reminis cence. For this was a man who would never forgive her, she could see it in his eyes already. After all, he was a Bagnell, and wonld have no mercy. He did not appear surprised to meet her bareheaded in the park— he had out lived all surprises, he thought, aud there was nothing to excite or astonish him ill life now. He looked with a cold, almost contemptuous, cnlmnoss at her, as a strong man might upon a foe unwoixhy of his stool, and who is unable by sheer weakness to hold Ills own against him. Ursula thought he would walk by her, with a slight bow of recognition, but tins was her mistake. "Bon't go, Tom — yon must speak to me I" she said, imploringly. "I was not going' to pass yon," Tom replied. " Sit down with me, will you ?" she said, indicating the rustio bench which she had quitted. " Anywhere you please," was his answer. They walked ouck to tho seat she had loft and sat down side by side. She raised her eyes slowly, but the steady gn/.o in his it was impos sible to stand against — it told , so much of the truth — it regarded her ns a something low, ab ject aud mysterious, whose motives no liardly cared to analyse — though they had been the shipwreck of Ids life. " I havo seen your mother, Tom," she began, in a low, quavering voice, " and she tells me you aro going away to-dav. Is that true ?" " Quite true, Miss Bagnell." She shivered at tha appellation ho had be stowed upon her — it was so awfully strange ! It was tho first time iu his life lie had called her by that name. " Mqy I ask upon what errand you go, nnd if this is the beginning of another mystery ?" she said, more in her old tone of voice, as though the courage to confront him were returning to her in tho lfoitr of bor despair. "I have got clear of tho mystory," said Tom, " and am In the daylight at lost. X am going to see Violet's father." "AVhat can he do ?" "I don't knotv," answered Tom Bagnell, " but ho is her father and I wish to see him." " It is the old mad impulse," said Uriula. " It is the old thought for Violet Hilderhrant, I own it, nnd I am not likely to escape from it again," cried Tom. " And you tell nie this ?" said Ursula, drawing herself up rigid and firm. " Why should I not ?" was tho measured an swer. "What are you to me, Miss Bagnell, now?" "I am cngnged to be married to you," was the response. Again the curious, contemptuous look in his eyes — tho consciousness that ho was looking down upon her, as from a cliff's verge into a deep, dnrk gulf, wherein she might ho hiding. .. " Aud I love another woman, he said. " Who is in prisou 1" "Yes," said Tom. "and who preferred to go of her own freo will, lather than it should ho said in Broadlands that you tried to put hor there. It is the old charge, but I make it in no heat of passion now, aud with no wish to striko you down niresh." "No, it looks liko it," murmured Ursula, "I SCO how charitable yon are 1" "It is my painful" task to tell you that I knotv this for the truth," lie added, " " before I only suspected it." 'Won have great faith in the statements of your spies," answered Ursula." "A servant and a thief nre the witnesses against me." " Ah I do not attempt to light so poor a battle," KUt! Tom: "rather confess your sius, and ask Heaven to pardon you." "And you — what will you do ?" "X cannot forgive you," was tho stem roply. "I havo nothing to repent," she said, looking down, and wringing her hands together, " no thing whatever. "I cannot forgive yon, I would have added, unless you nre repentant of all the misery you havo caused, hut yon forestall me." " I have nothing to regret," she repented. Ursula Bagnell stood her ground still agninst tho unknown facts which this man knew, and hold studiously from hor out of charity " In the drawuig-room, a few days since, you called mo a dastard for Fusnccting you," Tom continued, "nnd I was ready to believe you once again, but it is not possible a second tune to cheat me." . Porbap9 sho had deemed it possible— had prayed against tho impossible — iu this, and in her wild strong love for the man sitting by her side. It was difficult to gimss her thoughts, or why she fought so hard against his thoughts of her. " I say I have nothing to repent, nothing to regret," sho said again, " what is your charge against mo?" _ 1 Yoq gavo evidence to tlic police that \ lolct Hilderbnvndfc was with us." " Who Bftva so ?" « You told ray father tliafe you should betray her, you etolo awav to the police-station for that purpose. Robin Fiaber learned this from Sir John, who, dying oa lie was, went to A iolct's room to urgo her to escape. Tlio iufatny waa bovond my father's calculation even." This was news to Ursula Dagncll,and was re- ocived strangely. "Tho warning came from him, then, sho : muttered, "and ho was treacherous to the last. What good reason I have had to hate him, aU xny life— to hate him in his coffin." "You own to this?" said Tom. " I have not said so." Strange cltnging to the falsities slipping away from her, nnd yet only the desperate tenacity of a false woman at bay. " There aro your glasses, left behind you at tho station when you turned Queen's evidence," he said, puttiug tue spectacles in her lap. Sho brushed them irom her to the grass, and set her footupou them passionately. " I lost them in the sea, when X went down to die." she said. " No. That is not true." " To die for you, TonC' she added ; " to spare myself such a day as this has been, and which I knew must come. There was no concealment that could last — they took down my name and ruidress at the police-station. It is all true- there i" Tom rose from her side. Tho confession had been iur.de, and he had no further reproaches to heap upon her. He was strong and she was weak, a'mi he would be glad to get away, and bpaic hur further shame. "But you must not leave me like this," she catching at his sleeve and almost dragging him dr.vn to her side onco more. "I have a v.>:U. to speak, and you need not fear I shall give way 1;I « a' child again." Sb hml read his thoughts very quickly, fore- : H'u'.iing tho excuse which he wonld have made ui Uav» her. | " I can bear anjtliiug after this." she added. 1 " What is there to say which can do any ' good ?" said Tom, restlessly. ! " V.i I that U like a man." she answered bit- j thu j-.ccasaiiona and the insults have been . . but tho defence he does not care to ' % He has made up his zuind that he is com- \ In Ihe right." j '! Vr.j is no defence worthy of the name," » K.-rj 'lorn : "why attempt it? Say yon are wi!/, and let mo go away with a better j - ui mjiForry," she cried. "I do not repent ». »imt v/omau lis sot apart from you. Havel n# cnmplaui> of, do you tfiink, or i3 all ; i-« » - t on my side? It was you who be- I h.Mtfl; >' me, aud would have been my husband \ t.--r -.'f— it -va? she who lured you from me, i ' i/ hi'? the blight it is." Good Qod! »; Imgacil, what are that woman's wrongs to i "I have been weak," Tom answered, "but I will not exenne that weakness, or ask your par don now. I am only glad that my true know ledge of you has come before it is too late." " X have been cruelly wronged," she said, "aud you have uot the manliness to own how much misery you have caused mo 1" "I 'do not care to discuss thi3 further," said Tom, "to as k for explanations from yon of much that has happened here. I Icuow all, and there will be time to speak presently." "All," she repeated, "have you told mo all?" " No." "Have you not been aide to see, then, that all has been for lore of you?— and that guilty :w X may have been," she said, with her voice waver ing at last, "X have thought only of you, us Heaven U uiy judge." "No, no." "The evil which began in this house yean ago, was not of my iMigimiing," aid Urnfi.t. " I know it," answered Tom, "and am torry for my father's shame." "Ilbwnj tnisioo to tho estate my %ther left me. I v.as aa orphan, and lie robbed me of ' On !.» night of my return ho told me that awful s'A-r y, nnd how you had forgiven him, for my sake," said Tom, sternly now, " but that was uot the truth. You had not forgiven lum— there was no mercy in you — for ever lianging over his head was the threat of his disgrace." " X bore him uo malice," Ursula replied ; he had robbed me at the instigation of that wretch Hilderbrandt. her father. The crime lay far enough back when I discovered it. 1 held luni in my nmver, true, but it was for your sake. | ' for mine." i /on drove a bargain with him, and T waV ;»ri This was your mercy," said Torn, i i Wl. imvor happened, I was not to escape." I " I loved you, Tom," sho murmured once tn-»rn it wa» her one plea— her mad excuse f»r id! ;hal sho had done, " \t L had only known of this unholy coai- pi."f ho < Von would have hated me, as you do now," said Ursula. I do not lmtc you ; I pity'yon." " Jt is the same to me," sho whimpered frJntlv, "You trained my father to repeat the <u or.? »' i your gitfldness ami self-sacriiice, but in Midi a rahrti'iiting afreciion t cannot bnllev. Yon .!»- | cei'C'i your?e!/, as \\\ ell as me, when von callnt 1 llo1' love." " Did ycur fsihor tell you till, in the hour 1- fo»e lie died Hhc askwl. Oh. no I or y.-o i wouhl nr.. h.i« come to we with Icitid vordp .»;i | your Up i. You wrmVI havo cVuf nod : me down j without nor-sQ. ;v-> yru are dr»in«; now." j " I did .-i. Hbh to'speak of th.s," fal-J T-at t I " hut you lia«o forced the whvh inth r'ron »«/! "Hardly the whole truth ; hut I fence to urgo," she answer".'1, vt-rs' i:i'ju»rjhifl;. "X havo not the heart fo if. 'Tour ' ttVi'T1- version of the story may. rdnnd. X don't care to nay another word." "When X return yon will be ml«trc« that fact escaped you in ?<mr passio.., u you will try to recollect" said Tom. "Your father has left me his property, emv penny that ho has, in atonement for at!:" tha- !: tmd robbed me of." Ursula replied, "'J'uj ba lance is still against me. for Sir John w-u mi. lucky, and died comparatively poor. That is my misfortune, but i cannot ask for your tyui- pathy." Ursula Dagnell was variable in her moods,' aud very woruan'y in consequence. This was tho cold, calculating, bitter Ursula, and ho was glad to rco her tnuv; it rendered his parting with her more easy and more natural, "I will congrrmlato you, instead, on yonr prosperity," said Tom. He got up ns he spoke, and Gho made uo e;Vnrt to delay him fnrtlun' each scorned delia:". of tho otficr at the la.it, IIow long ago was it since Tom Ungnell had assured her that lie would bo true to her for ever? And how far a distance was this from his hate, let him call it " pity" if he would. He went slowly from uer towards the house, and after awhile she turned ami watched him, resting her hands upon the rail of the bench, and gazing after him as at tho last hope in life passing awav from her. Something told him she was looking after htm still, warned him per haps that he might lmvn left her with a kinder word, a pentler look, immeasurably as she had wronged him. Ife had been to blame himself, he had talked of love to her not knowing what love was — after ulb what a life hcr's had been, despite her scheming, and the present hour of Triumph in her complete success. He could be- .Hove in her misery, if in nothiug else. Ho turned'back suddenly, and walked quickly to her side. "Ursula," lie snid, "this is not a lime to bear malico in our hearts, and - 1 am going from you. I forgive you-rtfood-by.T w She had ; expected - harsher words—possibly (?/ \ '/ % 'U.n VtVi another cruel sentence that should tell more completely how he despised her, and should' burn iuto her heart like fire ever afterwards— aud she turned her head completely away from him. and bowed it very low. She even accepted his forgiveuessffrntefully. - , "Thank tou," she murmured hastilv, and in a voice ho did not know. "Will you tell me, iu return, Ursula, that yon are sorry for all you have done to poor Violet V" The answer came iu the same' deep, stilled ' tones, " X am not sorrv for that;" "Not sorry?" "No I" "When I come back to my father's funeral, and see you again—when you and I are standing at his grave— you will give me a fairer answer." he said. 1 " Tliis may he the last meeting in our lives." was Ursula's reply. rsnlrt, I pray that no fresh rashness—" . , 9W be afraid of me again,!' she said, interrupting hi in, "you have left me iu God s hnuds now 1" " Good-bv." " Goodby." Thus they parted, and once more Ursula Dag nell turned her eyes towards him, and watched - him wal Ik away under tlic great green trees and across the fair park land, into the sunshine that was there. Long after he had vanished from iter For ever, she sat iu the same cold, itupassivo altitude, watchful— and waiting I To me Continued. 9 Tho exclusive right ot<pab1lcutlou in Now South Wnles hu4 boon pnrchussd by tbo proprietors of HTbo Dally Telegraph.? < K V 