THE SKETCHER HINTS FOR THEATRICAL AMA TEURS. BY SrLODGEB. Certain of my friends have been good enough to say that they have read with interest my papers on "Mysteries or the Stage," which have recently been favoured by being accorded a place in the columns of The Australasian, and they have, moreover, suggested that I should indite inother paper for the special benelit for the ladies and gentlemen who take pleasure in getting up amateur theatricals. This I shall attempt to do in the following paragraphs. Considerable judgment must be brought to bear in the by no means easy task of selecting a play. There iB a "little book, issued by French, the theatrical publisher, which con tains a list of plays suitable for amateur per formances, together with the numbfer of male and female characters in each. This brochure can be bought for a trifle ih Melbourne, and at any stationer's where theatrical books are sold. The most satisfactory programme for an amateur entertainment is to commence with a comedietta, in which the ladies may show to advantage; to follow this with an easy burlesque, or^other simple " costume piece, and to wind up the evening with a "screaming" farce. Such an arrangement as this gives every member of the company an equally fair chance to excel in some direc tion. Among the plays which can be recipm mended to amateurs for representation are Sheridan's "Critic" and"lhe Corsican Brothers." Both plays mentioned give op portunity for the introduction of pretty scenery, telling mechanical effect, tuid elegant costumes. In the comedy there is the great Tilbury Fort scene, with the men-o'-war ships sailing and tacking about at sea; and in the drama there is a bal maxque, and a ghost that glides about without using its legs. The " Critic" is full of screaming fun, and the " Brothers" is replete with romantic interest The illusion of the " tacking ships," as stage mechanists call them, is a very pretty and deceptive one, and the vessels, though ingenious in their construction, are not diffi cult to make. Now, to explain how the ship is made to glide through the waveB in one direction, then suddenly to back her sails, "'bout ship," and Bpeed away in another. It iB not easy to describe even simple machi nery in print, so that a reader may thoroughly grasp the iaea without seeing a model or diagram ; but I will do my best to be lucid, even if 1 have to be prosy. Supposing you desire to construct a " tacking 6hip" 3ft long in the hull, you will proceed aB follows: 1\. Take a sheet of very thin board, about as thick as that used for fretwork. Very Btrong cardboard will do, but wood is much better. The board must be about 3in. or 4in. longer than the ship is to be, and ail inch broader than the side of the vessel will appear to the audience. 2\. Saw your material into three pieces, the cuts being quite Btraight and perpendicular, and the pieces of equal size. These pieces we will call A, B, and C. A will form the prow, bows, and forepart of the Bhip; B will be the waist; and C the stern. 3\. With a couple of tacks, lightly fasten A to B, allowing A to overlap the outer surface of B by about an inch, and then fasten B to C in the same way, but allowing the former to overlap the latter by half its length. 4\. On the board thus prepared, paint the hull of a ship, and make ner as handsome a craft as possible ? 5. Draw a perpendicular line through A at about a couple of inches, more or lessf behind the figure-head and front part of the bow, and saw A into two pieces. Paint the reverse side of the trout piece in exact imitation of the other, and then fasten both pieces together again with hinges that work lightly. 6\. Take C, detach it from the other pieces, and paint npon it, on the part that had been overlapped, the other half of the stern. C will then represent the stern of a ship as Been going from the spectator. 7\. Make your masts and spars of thin lath ; the sails of cardboard : lit up A, B, and C with the gear that belongs to each sepa rately, and rig with thick twine, painted black. 8\. As the ship, when it " tacks," will have to " telescope, by which expression I mean that B will gradually slide behind A, followed by C, it will be necessary to fasten them, on the reverse side, together with pieces of string or elastic long enough to allow the parts to move as far as required, but sufficiently short to prevent them from becoming detached. It is in view of this that the extra lengths tor overlapping are allowed. The snip being made, the three pieces ate fixed, each in a separate groove cut one behind the other, on a plank behind the mimic sea. The ship is made to appear as if going before the wind, and the entire illusion when she tacks depends upon the nicety of construction of the bow and stern pieces. Each part has two strings attached, one to draw torward and one to draw back. When " the gallant Thunderbomb" makes her appearance from the prompter's side, she is drawn out to her full length, and pulled for ward by the cord attached to her bow; and when the time for tacking arrives the parts B and C are gradually drawn in behind, and the bowsprit, jib, and tront part of A is made to swing on its hinge, and then the vessel looks as if she were about to sail into the pit After remaining stationary for a moment the bow sprit swings round to the left, and A moves in that direction, while C moves at an equal rate of speed in the opposite one until the Thunderbomb has attained her full length, and all the pieces move together aa one. I think the reader will now Bee the object of the double prow and Btern, by which the ship can be made to appear in any position broadside on, half-broadside on, or sailing to or from the audience. In thiB description I have found it difficult to make my meaning I as clear as I could wish, but feel convinced that by following the instructions given, step by step, the reader will easily be able to make a small model of cardboard which will illustrate the idea perfectly. In theatrical parlance the grooves I. have mentioned are1 called slotes," and these should be well rubbed with blacklead to make them smooth and slippery. Blacklead is to wooden ma chinery what oil is to steel. Now for a much easier task, which is to explain how the apparition of the Del Franchi manages to cross the stage without: using the legs he travelled npon before he L jeaa eeut wtUe laud of ghoeta jjjr i&plet; of M. Chateau Rtaaud. In a remil»T7u ^ the machinery employed to nrodn & effect i8 elaborate, cumbrous and «.-et ^ yond the capacity of an amateur J** but the drawxngroom actor can achi*J« tte! neat little iiluafon in the fqHowbS lla VeP the scene where the ghost has to cro*. v ln a board that can be raised on edse » long enough to reach from one side nfJ8 stage to the other. The* board BhonM covered with green baize like the floor ilL u9 just high enough to conceal a pedestal. monnuS on piano castors, that has to be drAwi,?T* rope behind it The ghost stands oa th2 pedestal (which ib also covered wiiK ne baize), and even his feet seem to e)irt« n the floor if the contrivance I have descrihS is well managed. There are few nrSSr scenes than the forest glade at Fontiin/ bleau in midwinter, and if the gentlemen^ enact the parts of t\ie Coreican and ChLS0 Renaud know how to fence artistically Sr1 may count upon "bringingdown the &ona;$ by a display of brilliant swordsmanehin Th duel is seldom well done,for, curiously enonJh* the Bwordplay of professional actors is m rule, beneath contempt; that is, when' th4 are not making Bparks fly with "combat Bwords. i Since I eat down to write this paper » pleasant memory of the first amateur theati* I was ever connected with has come to me. and I feel that if I fix it upon paper now that I have got hold of it, my readers will pickan some useful hints, given in a more readable form than that necessarily employed tafta dry description of mechanical devibes. Ifv first theatre was the Bellona; it was at Sabreville-a straggling garrison town fa one of thoae far-away'dependencies of'the Crown to which Her Majesty sends soldiers' to do penance. The proprietors of tho "Bellona" were army officers; the gentle men of the company were army officers; and' the ladies of the corps drqrjiatigiie were army officers too. This sounds oddly, but it is fact for the best-looking, most hairless, ana slimmest youngsters procurable were pressed into the service as actresses. It was of no avail to grumble about the prospective sacri fice of the cherished down that was expected to speedily turn into a grand moustache. No that down had tocome off, and there was£n end to that question. The lady whojplayed our buxom widow was a lieutenant ofRoyal Engineers; our " first old woman" belonged to the same corps, and had been a page in the Queen's household, his mother being one of the ladies of honour. The "leading lady," and sometimes soubreUe^ was the writer of this, and two very nice-looking youths, sons of the commandant, were "walking ladies." One of these ladies hai since won the Victoria Cross. The Bellona had been a Baptist chapel before we got hold of it, and in point of architecture was exactly like the upper part of a child's Noah's Ar£ with the same windows on the aides, the same door at the end, and the sunt gable root The interior of the " Temple of Thespis" was capable of holding about ISO people after the stage had been put up, and was a dismal-lookingshell. with white-washed walls. There was no ceiling, but the slant ing sides of the roof were whitewashed like the sides of the house. We soon changed all that First we put some copperas into the whitewash, and made the walls salmon colour; then we built I stage of planks nailed on to tressels, and get up a proscenium frame of light quartering The space between the top border of ue proscenium-from whence the act-drop fills -and the apex of the roof was filled by a triangular frame covered with red, white, and blue glazed calico, fluted in pleata like the silk fronts of old-fashioned cottage pianoa The sides of the proscenium were covered with white glazed calico, fluted to resemble marble columns, and over the stage-con' cealing the curtain rollers-was a drapery of the material called Turkey-red, gracefully festooned. The front of the stage below the footlights was closed in with green blaze, and the orchestra was separated from the auditorium by a crimson rope stretched from wall to wall. There was no gas company at Sabretown, so for illumination we depended upon candles. We had three very magni ficent chandeliers made of barrel-hoops to which tin sconces were fixed: and then makeshift inventions were artfully disguised by pretty designs in cut paper, tec. There were also pretty candleholders on the walls. The "Bellona" sported a beautiful little"act drop," painted by a member of the company, and, of course, we bad the orthodox green baize curtain. Now we will peep behind the scenes. Onr stage was small-I forget tbe exact size, but fancy it measured something like 14ft in width between the proscenium-winge, and was about 18ft deep from front to back. We had eight wings, or side-scenes; four on either Bide, and these by an artful contrivance and the aid of four back scenes/ that worked on rollers, gave us four changes of locality I will explain how we made each wing do duty in four different ways. We tacked can vas on both sides of tbe frame, and to tbe batten crossing the middle we tacked another strip, just long enough to reaca the floor. To the lower edges of tbe atrip" we fixed laths of wood, like those used 1M window curtains. When the flaps were fastened to the bottom of the frame were were two clean b urfaces of canvas waiting for the "splodger" and the'acenic The firstnamed functionary is the paintaj assistant-the man who prepares the canyw and mixes the colours. The prepaw^T consists merely in coating the surfaces whitewash mixed with doe. Here low aay that all colours tuied lor sUwe panT*: are mixed with boiling water and glue. being taken that only Just enough latter article is osed to prevent the pig®®* from rubbing off. If the wash is mwetw gelatinous the cloth will harden and BP" The wings were fixed .on pivots, one oiiuj» stage ana one on an arm above. Our . who was also our "star" and naanager--8®"| formed one Bide of each wing Into a of a forest and the other intothe externa1 J house. To match the trees he " cloth"-or roller scene-at the forest glade, with a far-away pei on another canvas he depicted aU -- nn w vista of buildings that appeared to join the bouse in front Thus a sudden cn could be made from a woodland retrea* a city thoroughfare simply by Buafgeie ing the wings and dropping a rouer., are two changes accounted lor, ^ others are left for me to explain. " get a couple of "chamber scene8»,-*fjf wjo® these we untack the flapsfromtne ^ of the frames and fix themtot Da0(es which proceeding gives UB two more w of virgin canvas. At the pastil ourselves the trouble of punting^y wall-paper on the scenes intended _ ^ sent rooms, and when a nre-pw» ^ mantelpiece was required, we ma«e ^#1 frame, set it againsl'the acenc, ehaf it down. It is quite easy to m**® Utile fire on the stages a transpwe^'. j $$ paint and ti^oif. wM.^0 ^Lai«ordi^ remember that these?®® 0^, interiors was p^pett)d.#tf^«v"g"Bide design, and that the drawwgw' ^ial» covered with Bome very gorgeous n» pron9UU«$d BftttSUJe 