TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. By Asmooets. Truly tliis is a week of sport The din and turmoil of the annual doggy strife on the battle field of Waterloo still sounds in our ears, and the " knights of the trigger " have no sooner settled their championship differences under the aus- sicesofthe Melbourne Gun Club, atElstern- wick Park, than the sporting public generally aro called npon to assist at one of the most pleasant of the numerous reunions celebrated during the year under the auspices of tho Victoria Racing Club. Tho winter or " Grand National" steeplechaso meeting held at Flemington is one of tho most popular innova tions ever prompted by the premier club, and this afternoon we may confidently look forward to fresh evidence of its increasing popularity. Tho liberal stakes offered for competition aro a strong incentive for the full devourment of hurdle-racing and steepiechasing talent ; and the intcrost attached to the maiden element which will make its dcbul to-day will be none the less consequential to the curiosity evinced rolativo to tho performances of the more matured cracks iu tho Grand National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. Tho only prevailing drawback rests ' in tho circumstanco that no declaration has been called for on the part of owners ever since the handicaps first mado their appearances, an arrangement which tho general public justly complain of in accents of no uncertain mean ing. Affairs would have been more satisfactory had provision been made for an. acceptance, but as matters now slnnd the same are deferred until tho time of going to scale, whereby the public aro left in utter ignorance of tho probable condition of things until tho eleventh hour. Such an arrangement opens tho door to chicanory on the part of finessing owners, whose interests are best served by hoodwinking the public until the very last moment. Tho whole business has a false tendency, and had an acceptance been provided for pcoplo would be better prepared for what is to take place this afternoon. As matters stand every body remains in tho dark, and pre-post betting— and betting, as we all know, is the very life and sonl ot the turf— has been re stricted to very limited dimensions in conse quence, tho generality of those speculatively inclined wisely refusing to invest in tho dark. It is to bo hoped that the V.R.C. will remedy tho existing evil beforo the a lvent of another winter meeting. Proceedings will bo inaugurated by tbo Maiden Hurdle Race, the candidates for which iucludo certain well known performers on the flat, amongst them being Sheet Anchor, Irralee, Wavcricy, Ace, tValballa, Athoninn, Ebony and Duration. Ilippogrift", who lias not appeared at Flemington since ho competed iu tho lust Derby, may also possess prior claim to distinction on the score of superior pace. Certain it is that pro vided the foregoing are all aujait at the jump- ing business they should furnish tho winner be tween them. Oi thoso whose jumping ability is bettor known are Chatsivorth, Echo nnd .Insolvent. Considerable uncertainty prevails .with respect to Shoot Anchor. It is Tory plain that were ho to faco tho flag with the maiden division a much shorter price Would have to bo accepted about him than wtrc he to try conclusions in the Grahd Na tional Hurulo Race. Popular opinion inclines to tho belief that lie will bo reserved for the last-named eVont. Independently oE Sheet Anchor, the. Dowling Forest division havo a splendid team to Bolect from, in Irralee, Wa- vorloy and Insolvent. To hazard a single- handed selection, I shall plump for ACE, and namo Insolvent and Duration as the most likely to distinguish themselves from among the others. As.far as is known of their respective capa bilities, the contestants for the Maiden Steeple chase promise'to bo a very mixed lot. Dnndee and Leo have both forfeited their chance by reason of recent victories. Lady Ashton haa up to. the present proved her self an unreliable fencer, though an animal of considerable pace. Fingal should run. well on tho strength of . his se cond to Progress it Randwick, but I am apprehensive that the Winner will come from Joe's Indian Queen II.,. TVymlet or Reticent. AVymlet is a member of the well known KingTom family, whoseroprosentatives have recently been distinguishing themselves over the big sticks, and as ho has enjoyed a long term of scholastic instruction at the famous Dowling Forest seminary, it may he taken for granted that ho is sufficiently pro ficient to successfully accomplish tho. first part assigned him. AYhc-tlier the same will apply to" the Maiden or Grand National Steeplechase is at present a matter of donbt. Provided ho- uivcu wiiu we cuuuueuue oi uis uwuer uuu trainer for the first nnmcd race, 1 should look no further for the winner, but as Ihero isa, probability of him being reserved for the more important event I prefer relying on JOE'S INDIAN QUEEN n„ and next to her I like Reticent and Fingal. ! An excellent contest may confidently be ex-" .peetcd to lake place fov the Grand National Hurdle- Race. Sir Patrick having declined, 1 UU1UU la IcLlr.lll LUU llillU VI UVUU1| 11HU A£i i>l« 2 lb., and as this is 8 lb. less than lie won with on the last occasion ho tried liis hand 'at the jumping business lie ought to' . possess a fair show, but as his name has been mentioned in connection with the Steeplechase somo uncer tainty prevails regarding him. ' The issue will, I fancy, rest between The Agent. Hunts- man SVioof Atiy»hrii» mwl fiiwrrWiQli ntifl tfilnnfr into consideration the doubts which prorail respecting Sheet Anchor, I foel justified in de claring for THE' AGENT, who may experience most difficulty iu stalling off Huntsman and Guardfish. Tho Grand National Steeplechase will prove another intricate problem to solve, and accord ing to the present state of the handicap the field promises to assumo gigantic proportions. Possibly tho scratching pen may be brought: into free use half an hour before the starting time, and thns exemplify the evil of having no prior declaration of acceptance. However, there is sufficient material contained in tho list to provide a contest worthy of the name, and in this there is no fear of any ' great disappoint ment. Denmark, 12 st. 11 lb., will, with all his weight take some beating, and I prefer him to anything else on the list till we. come to Li zctto, 11 6t. 11 lb., who has proved true to me on so many different occasions that I ain not inclined to wholly desert her now. Governor, 11 St. 5 lb., Forestor, II St., Progress, 10 St. 71b. and Leo, 9 st. 7 lb., are a dangerous quartet, while the Dowling Forest party will have something considerable to say with whichever is selected front Game, 12 st. 51b., luitunga, 12 st. 2 lb., Morvcn, 11 st. 4 lb., Union, 10 st. 13 lb., C'olebrook, 10 St. 13 lb., and AVymlet, 10 St. 4 lb. To furnish the winner I will bracket tho selected of theBal- Iarat division, which I take to be Morvcn, with Forester and Lizette, and make .my filial declaration in favor of the Tasmanian repre sentative ' FORESTER,; . who gave Doumark 6 lb., and- a. decisive beat ing the last time they tried conclusions in their island home. This appears a sufficient re commendation. Given a start I would not go beyond Stafford to look for the winner of the Selling Hurdle Race, but in his probable absence Omadhaun may turn np trumps. Operations will termi nate with the Flat Race, of lone mile, to win which . , . . EA'IE . reads well, and next to . her I entertain a partiality for Stafford and The Ghost. ( Each succeeding meeting, held, at Moonee A'ulley bears forcible evidence of tho increasing popularity of tho pleasantly situated suburban rendezvous, and last Saturday's proceedings wero not behind hand in this re'specf. The in viting state of the weather and an unusually, attractive bill of fare were instrumental in. at tracting ono of tho largest attendances eyor assembled within the enclosure, and but , for soveral racing men being called upon to assist at the opening of the deer park at Kororoit the " gate'.' tumid have been further enlarged. The well fille t appearance of tho card betokened large fieli.'j and a prospect of enjoyable sport, in which there was no disappointment, tho pro ceedings in every respect fully coming np to expectations. . No fewer ' than fourteen candi dates essayed to take part in tho initial event, the Hurdlo Raco, for which A'ulcan, Fusilier and Footman found most support. The followers of Cripps's stable made no secret of their esteem for A'ulcan, who won somewhat easily from the AVestern district representative Amateur. The latter was going so well three furlongs from home, at . which point A'ulean was . being vigorously ridden, tliat bis victory appeared assured, but when he finished pulling lie had done racing and Vulcan fairly woro him down in tho cud. Dunleary, who cut out nil the run- ning, died away at the linisn, ana as lie was a, trifle above himself ho is likely to appear to. more advantage on some futiuo occasion. Foot man did not seem to act willingly in tho heavy going. Stationer and- \r;mdei-bil(i both made their introductory attempt over the' small sticks, each shaping in a manner to favor the ! anticipation of. ultiinato success in tlieir now lino of business. Liberator II, and Grand Duchess came to grief, luekily without injury to. thc-iv respective -riders. Gipsy's AVarniug opened a- hot favorito for the .'July Handicap, albeit a subsequent demonstra tion in favor of Honeycomb caused -his price to lengthen, and thoso who entrusted him with then- support never 01100 had cause to flatter themselves, inasmuch as ho was unable to take up a position at anv mart of the race. Honey - comb, on the other hand, got away with the I loaders and waited in attendance 011, Primus till rounding the home tm-n, where the cliostirat ; stumbled thereby relinquishing command .to the filly, who looked to havo tho race cleverly in hand until Primus came again and finishing with indomitable courage defeated Honeycomb by a nose after a desperate hand to hand en counter. So closely together did they pass the post that tho verdict remained in doubt until Primus's number was signalled. Rally's ap pearance 011 Sir Samuel was the cuo for..' an immpdiato run on. tho ' Huglienden horse, though Union, Equity, Tnxaraxaeuni aud Robin were not without their respective ad mirers. Signal was tlie first victim oi a ssric3 of mishaps which resulted, then followed tlie discomfiture ; of -Equity,. Robin, Bcrrigan and Taxamxacum.f The lost named pair each ap peared to be fast overhauling Stndloy when they came - to grief at the last fence but- one, where'; the King Tom gelding was. left; with a long lead winch ho maintained ..to the end, eventually winning in a cantor from Gran ville, who was on the big side and jumped a few ot the fences 111 slovenly fashion. Iraion Went, so short in his preliminary that I was not (lis-, appointed at his inferior display, bnt I fail to-, account for Sir Samuel's indifferent behavior, his' form being considerably below the recent successful displays at AVyndhain, iloonee Arallcy and Bendigo. Batty was uuablo to talie- him into a. good position at any part- of . the hiuiti a circumstance which must be nccopted' as an indication that Sir Samuel is evidently ; ueginmug tu.iL-ei lue 111 cueccsoi. Ill a preceding efforts. Mr. AVatson rode a very plucky race on Studloy, who cut ont the greater port of the rhnuing and made the pace sufficiently warm to cause tho majority of tho spills which took place. Studley, liko Leo, winner of theElstern- : wick Park Grand National Steeplechase, is a son. of KingTom, both being bred by Mri Henry !\TS!1OP TTirt lihftiMil inentiAP In ii'liHiti tlinmniiAV went on to Albanus for the Selling Race wo3 highly suggestive of. a victory, but the Kingston 'people could not have held the Proto-Mortyr colt in very high esteem, otherwise they would, havo not permitted him to slip through their fingers for 89 sovs., with his chance in. the Latest Handicap thrown, in. Ho proved a remunerative purchase for Mr. E. AVcokes, who threw in for a good stake over his second- vic tory... Everybody appears to have received tho whisper respecting ATiolet, who went out an "odds on" favorito, and groat was the fall of tho St. Albans filly and those who hacked her,, she never once appearing to hold a winning, chance in the race. The start was certainly b' faulty one, the favorite along with others get ting considerably tho worst of it, but no equality in this respect would have proved effectual in landing tho extravagant odds laid on Ariolet. AV'ith the exception alluded to Mr. Thomas AVatson, in theabsenco of his father who was engaged at the opening of tho deer park at Kororoit, wielded the starter's flag in a satisfac tory manrier. Entries for the Geelong Racing Club's winter meeting to be held on the 1st of August were made on Monday, most of the events filling fairly well. Tho Railway Stakes of a mile and three-quarters has.altracted.25 entries, and as the names o'f Hannibal, Irraiee, AVoodbine, UnoaSji Sir Charles and Gipsy's AVaraing are, in the list a gooilcontest should result. Nineteen youngsters have been nominated for tho Two- year-old Stakes, and the AYinter Handicap of a milo and a half has amongst its 29 entries sucli good public performers asLando, St. Lawrence, Moonshee, Precious Stone, Britisher, Grace Darling, Anglesey, Silver King and - Irraiee" Tit a TW»1 f?Ttn» ncn rnln nilrla hnf. little if anything to the day's enjoyment,. has 18 engaged, and;the Selling Flat Race . 11. A capital Steeplechase field may be cxpeotod to faco the starter, the list of 18 including Colo-, brook, Dundee, Joe's Indian Queqji II.,- Sir. Samuel, Progress, Deceiver, Studloy, Granville, Old Soul and Leo, all - reeeilt good performers, and the Hurdle Raee has attracted 17. Although , the entries are not largo, there is a lot of equine talent represented and Mr. J. D. Robinson, if: favored with fine weather on tho 1st prox., may' anticipate another successful meeting on the- banks oi Barwon water. -Next Saturday AVilliamstown . will be ;the centre of attraction, the programme including five events, entries for which closed on Mon day. The Hurdle Race, which will provo a consolation stake for disappointed candidates at Flemington to-day, lias tho excellent entry of 25 ;. Railway Stokes 11, Steeplechase 15,. Selling Race 7 and Epsom Handicap 24. A most enjoyable hfternoon was spent' on- Satu'rday by tbo invited guests of the Mel bourne Hunt Club, who proceeded by, special; train from Spencer-street at midday to inspect: the now deer park at Kororoit Creek. -The-: park, which has an area of 400 acres contain ing several head of deer including those, re-I cently presented to tho club by. the Earl of. Derby,' having been inspected by the ..company nil adjournment was made to a large marquee,' whero luncheon had been laid by tho caterer, Mr. C. D. Straker, in his customary excellent style. . The veteran master of the' hotUids presidod, supported by his Excellency . Sir HonryLoch.and Mr. Andrew, Chiruside, and the , terse way in which Mr. AVatson dealt with the toasts consigned to his charge might be copied by o lior chairmon on similar imfk fwlrtnf flT-rt fn tlinmsplrftQ nml UUviHUUua »«" ' — "» the assembled company. Knowing that a majority oi thoso present wero impatient for a burst over tho green sward, the Chairman dis missed his two toasts, Tho Queen and The Governor of tho Colony in about half a dozen words; and Uls Excellency having in response complimented colonials on tlieir truly sporting tastes and tendencies,- tho heaithof The Master was drunk and the order was given. 1 ' lo.liorse." A merry run of about 1 miles with very little fencing was then enjoyed by an unusually numerous field, -which included his Excellcncy the Governor, Master Loch and Lord Castle- rosso, ' and an invigorating afternoon's pleasure was thus brought to a close. . Air. John Eale3 has placed his two youtig- I sters Crown Jewel, and Crystal, in tho hands of James Jlonngiiau lb prepare them for the en suing season. ' 1 The presenco in Eugland'of Mr. J. J. Miller, is notified by the London SpmUmau. The Silcev Age, Silverton, in dealing with tho last day's racing at tho Barrier Ranges meeting, says " A large number of spectators wero present, who. were rewarded for their drive out by witnessing, at least two close and exciting races. These were the Stewards' and Farewell Handicaps, of a mile aud a mile and a mile and a quarter respectively. The gallant Fishhook started favorite in each with top weight up, and ho justified the confidence of his friends nnd increased the pride of his admirers by honestly winning both, beating kU opponents i','f the latter Qi mile and a quarter) wil/t-OsU WW. up in 3 min. 5 sec.— lite quietest time of the. meeting." AVUbout wishing to damp the ardor of FisU- hook s admirers, one may be excused for feeliDg some curiosity as to who "held the watch." I should certainly like to bo assured that. when, the "gallant Fishhook" passed tho post tha watch was still "011 tho go," in which easel would recommend an overhaul of its works u uiu next race meeting is Hold. The total nmouiit paid in stakes, at tha sett) ing of the Barrier Ranges Club was £794, of which Mr. John Pile with his two horses, Balla- rat and Fishhook, won £489, -On receiving his .cheque for. this, amount Mr. Maiden,- who had charge of, Mr." Pile's horses, presented the Sil verton hospital with £20. Tho committee reconsidered the case of AVyman who had been disqualified for foul riding in tho Forced Handi- Can. Alirl AAA. <lf>AA1lllf nt tiL ' » 1-V.UUUM WS u» jHCWUUa gUUll character nnd his declaration that although, ha certainly struck.Emu,.it was done accidentally, decided to remove his disqualification. Tha . meeting was evideutly a great success and pro ductive of excellent sport. The London Spartmim furnishes some in teresting particulars respecting tho Derby won by Melton. The nlaccd horses finished in the order which they held on the card, their num bers being respectively 9, 10 and 11. The value of the stake was £4525. Lost year tho race was worth £4850, the stakes being divided be tween St. Gatien aud Harvester, who rail a dead heat. Iu 1883 St. Blaise was credited with £5150, and in the preceding year Shotover's Derby stakes amounted to £4775. Last year's Middle Park Plate supplied the key .to Melton's victory, since the leading four in the Epsom event finished close together for the 'important two-year-old raco mentioned, tha plneings being Melton first, Xaintrailles second, with Paradox and Royal Hampton running, a dead heat for thud place. Since tho institutiou - of the-race in 1866 no. Middle Park Plate winner had carried off tlie Derby until Melton suc ceeded in breaking the spoil, although some of tlie placed horses in the two-year-old prize had been successful, cases in point being Pre tender, Kingcraft, and Galopiu, each of whom finished third at Newmarket Previously the - winner of the Payne Stakes had never been, suc cessful in the Derby. Melton covered, the dis tance according to Benson's chronograph, in 2 min. 44 l-5th ecc. It will he seen 011 reference to previous records this time has rarely been beaten, the only instances sineo the race was ' "first limed in 1846 being in 1861. and 1864, when Kettledrum and Blair Athol respectively ; Covered- the distance in 2'min. 43 see;, BIuo Gown, in 1868, 2 .min. 431. sec., and Kisber, in 1876, 2 min.' 44 -sec. Some, previous records -. follow In 1884, Harvester . aud St. Gatien,' 2 min. 40 l-5fh sec.; 1883, St. Blaise, 2 min. 48 2-5thscc.; 1882, Sliotdver, 2 min. 45 3-5th sec.; 1881, Iroquois, 2 mill. 50 sec.; 1880, Bend .. Or, 2 min. 46 sec.; 1879, Sir Bbvys, 3 rain. 2sec..- 1878, Sefton,. 2 inin. 55 sec.; 1877, Silvio, f . mm. 50 sec.; 1875, Galopin, 2 mm. 47. sec.;; -1874, George Fredorick, 2 min.- 46 sea.; 1873, .' Doncnstcr, 2 min. 50 sec.; 1872, Cremorne, 2.' ' inin. 451, sec.;. 1871, Favonius, 2 min. 50 see. Of the twelve runners all aro engaged in tha , Dbncastei St. Loger with the exception of ' Paradox, Royal' Hampton, Choubra, Lynetta . ' colt' and Kingivood. 1., : 'F. Archer lias now ridden four Derby win-, liors, his previous succewci being on Silvio, " Bend Or and . Iroquois. In addition to riding Melton, Archer was credited with two winning- mounts on the same day. " ' During six years- F. Archer lias only missed riding the winner of the AA'bodcote Stakes puce ; this w.as in 1883, when G. Fordham wat .. successful on AViid Thyme. , , . , . The Bard won his eleventh successive raco ii .tho hands of F. Archer, who has ridden him or - each occasion, with . tho exception of the Broefciesby Stakes at Lincoln. Tho total nmoiiut won by Mr.. Peck's colt' is pow £6403 12's; V V.': V.'"v''- " ' - ..-'jTh'c stewards of the Jockey Club have ap-' pointed Lord Marcus Bercsford -starter to the " club; and Jir; II. Custaiice deputy starter. : ' i-Prihce George of AVales, who' foimod 1 ono- of tho royal party that honored- Eiisom witlrtheir '.l presence, saw his first Dertiyywoii by -Melton,";' aid -mi interesting item maybe noted in- the ; ffict that Geoige Fiederick, who won the blue' - riband for Mr. Cartwrigbtin 1874, was -named- after his royal highness, and .the race was, like this years, run on his birthday. % Newstead,.the crack 2-year-old, was recently- stripped for " Trumpator's" inspection. Tose (sajs that rn-iter) the Derby favorito is to admire. No horse could bo truer made or pos sess grenlcr power and substance, his muscular development being something extraordinary- ITia finlrtrt rwnv "\fnll7T. ill thft TTK'inP StfllfM lit Flemington, when the pair ran tho distance in 1 min- 14 see., stands out as a wonderful achievement, aud. fit and well at the post it . will require a clinker to put him. down nt Flem- ingtou 011 the last day of October. . Now comes tbo reverse sido of the picture as far as the colt's ; Derby prospects aro concerned, Nowstead " decidedly on tho big sido after bis long spell, and bis fore legs do not look to bo of the " serviceable kind" necessary for a horse who : : must go through an exceptionally heavy pro- ; paialion.- Melton, it is true, was always under suspicion on account of a weak leg, and yet hit ; trainer was enabled to got liim; fit enough to figirt out a very severe race at Epsom. The . scare about Kewstead may; prove no better > u>«« .-«»« -ilia- aliiastjoas-to the EDglisb Derby favorite! but without wishing to dis count' the colt's Derby chance in any way, I shall unhesitatingly express rny opinion that Mr. M'Donald has a very anxious and trouble- torno time before him in preparing tho present favtorito for tho V.R.O. Derby, andif he succeeds in landing him at tho post fit to run ho will hare performed a task which many persons just now regard as very difficult of accomplishment. In writing this I do not for a moment wish people to" understand that I am one of those oroakers who say " Neivstcad cannot win tho Derby," but tho colt has all his trouble before him, and until ho gets into fast work and is going on satisfactorily backers will be using a wise discretion if they forget his brillinnt form last year aud lot him alone for tho Derby. Tho eame writer remarks thus : — Leaving tho boxes wo strolled over to the training ground where the older members of the Lockley's String were parading under the trees. This lot Inoluded Holone, The Israelite, Belmont, Tho Treasurer, Signor and Bob Cooper. They all looked well, but I was fairly astonished with the Improvement made by Ilcleno sinco she re turned from Sydney. Never since she has been In training has this mare presented eucli a hearty appearance, and Mr. M'Donald has now got her bigenough to stand tho wear and tear of it season's work. The Israelite is as fresh as a 2-year- old, and if the leg will only stand he may carry tho colors of Mr. Crozier prominently In a good handicap before he bids farewell to thdturf. Belmont, Signor aud Bob Cooper all soeinin nice condition to go into work. All . . three have proved failures so far, but each has had a nice spell, and the luck may change this season. Mr. A. R. Robertson, who arrived from Adelaide on Monday to attend tho 'Waterloo Cup and Grand National Meetings, informs mo that thero is no foundation for the rumors which have gained currency relative to llio alleged going wrong of his Derby colt Dunlop. It is diffionlt to account for the attempted knock out of tlie son of Ncckersgat and Etta, against whom 1000 to 6 was at one time offered. Mr. Robertson is prepared to accept. 1000's to 60 to tho full extent of tho books now open on the event. His owner informs me that Dunlop has made extraordinary improvement, and will strip one of the finest 3-ycar-olds of the season. Ho will probably bo a starter for the Caulfleld Guineas. All sporting men will regret to hear that tho . veteran Tasmanian sportsman, Mr. S. Blaek- well, who has been laid ftp for some time, is still dangerously ill. Entries for the August Meeting of the Y7A.T.C. at Caulfleld close on Monday next, tho 20th inst. The programme is one of the gems of tho season, containing only five events, each of which, however, presents considerable attraotion to owners and racing men generally. The Sapling Stakes, with which proceedings will open, has 100 sovs. added, tho Selling Race 50 sovs., and tho Balaclava Stakes (handicap) , 100 sovs. Tho chief attraction though will be associated with the doublo event, Hurdle Race and Grand National Steeplechase, tlic former wiih 200 sovs. and tho latter with 250 added. . . . Such a programme as tho foregoing needs no \- comment, and with the clerk of tho weather in good humor, Mr. Bond may confidently autici- . pate a further addition to his satisfactory list of successes. It is intended to hold a trotting meeting at Sandhurst on the 29th inst. A match botween Mr. Sterry's Snowdrift aud Mr.'Pickles's Dandy, which was to have taken place last Wednesday, has been postponed until that date, and with a view to making up an afternoon's sport the following programme has been prepared : — Hatidicap Selling Trot, 10 sovs., winner to be sold for i'30, two miles. Handicap Trot, 15 sovs., and a sweepstake of 10s. for acceptors to go 'to tho second horse, one mile and a half. Handicap Ladies' Bracelet, 15 sovs, , local hacks, tho bona file property of residents within 20 miies, weight not less tlmn 10 St. It has also been decided to charge bookmakers a fee of XI; an unwise resolution I think which will not add to the success of the meeting. Owners are again reminded that entries for the Horsham.Ilaco Meeting to be held on the 4th August close to-day. On Monday, the 20tli inst. nominations must be made for the Denilhpiiu Maiden Plate, and Jerilderie acceptances are due on the same day. In connection with tho Sale meeting to bo held on the 5th August, it must ho remembered that nominations for the handicaps close on Monday, tho 20th inst.; tho day for general entries and acceptances being the 1st August. The steeplechaser Union changed hands on Tuesday, being sold by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. to Mr. E. Weckcs for 110 guineas. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt aud Co. sold by auotion, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Tuesday, the booths and gates for tho Winter Steeplechase meeting of tho Y.R.C., which takes place to-day. Thero was a fair attondanco of buyers, hut tho bidding was rather slow. Tho following were the prices realised : — Booth No. 6a, Mr. Skinner, Golden Gate Hotel, South Melbourne, £12 ; booth No. 1, Mr. 8kinner, £15 j booth No. 7, Mr. Skinnor, £7 ; booth No. 7a, Mr. Skinner, £10 ; booth No. 3, Mr. Sheehan, Now Treasury Hotel, £14 ; booth No. 5, Mr. Higgins, Golden Lion, £9, One booth on the flat was purchased by Mr. C. D. Straker, of the Three Crowns Hotol, for £5, The use of the outer carriage paddock was knocked down to Mr. Jno. Bernard at £8 10s.; and the right of taking money at tho entrance gates to Mr. E. Samuel for £43. Entries close for tho Australian Trotting Sires' Piuduco Stakes on Saturday, 1st August. The Stake at present is worth 225 sovs., sub scribed by the owners of tho following sires : — Walter Scott', Pioneer, Honesty, Contractor, Len Rose, Boccaocio, Von Moltke, jun., Ver mont, jun., and Childe Harold, whose progeijy got In tho season of 1863 aro eligible. Mr. T. S. Clibborn held a sale of race horses and other stook at Fennelley's Bazaar on Tnesday. The bidding was slack, but the following sales ' wero effected: — King's Own, 3 yrs. old, by Goldsbrough— Princess Alice, purchased by Mr. M, Kinsola for 165 guineas; b h Paul, by Maribyrnong — Lady, Mr. A. D. Clarke, 45 guineas ; br m Hopbine, by Maribyrnong— Miss IValton, Mr. H. Stock- dale, 22 guineas ; b or br in Countess, by York shire Hero, Mr. A. D. Clarke, 46 guineas. At tho eleventh annual mooting of tho Tas manian Racing Club, recently hold iuHobait, it transpired that tho four totalisators pur chased during tho past season ' for £170, had already returned to the club £100 more than their cost. Tho secretary of the South Australian Jookoy Club has announced that tho now club has at length been formed, to bo called the Racing and Coursing Club of South Australia. They have purchased tho Morphettville course, witli tho grand stand, totalisator, ami ail tho offices connected therewith. A plumpton is to he made, and a strong and influential director ate of coursing and racing men appointed. Jfr. Barnard, authorised by tho pro- motors of the club, has been in treaty with Messrs. Ferry and Blaekler, tho lessees of tho old Adelaide racecourse, to purchase tho lease of tlio course, in. order to form ouo strong racing club for South Australia ; but although Mr. Barnard offered a substantial prico for the lease, the parties aro as yet unable to come to terms. At tho Port Augusta Race Meeting on Tues day, Onkaparinga won tho Hurdle Race, beat ing Brigand second and Wild Dog third. Tho Flying Handicap fell to the Quack, followed homo by The Baron and Piccaninny. The prin cipal event of the meeting, the Port Augusta Cup, was won by Instep's improving daughter Sanda, with tho Lawn second and Exile third. Sir Ewan, Swordiish and Greyhound filled the places in tho Steeplechase, and in tho Shorts Sandal repeated lior cup victory, Vivacity being second and Saunterer third. On tho second day tho Novel Selling Race fell to Orator ; in the Flinders Handicap, Sandal, Tho Lawn aud Exilo exactly repeated their running on the previous dny, finishing first, second and third again. Chrysalis won tho Handicap Steeple chase with Swordiish second. Tlie Lawn beat The Brigand and Onkaparinga in the Pastoral Cup, and the Forced Handicap was won by Tho Baron. For one week at any rate tho bookmaker's calling has " gono to tho dogs;" not in tho usual acceptation of that hackneyed phrase, but literally and in fact. Tho unusually heavy wagering indulged in over the Waterloo Cap has o some extent recompensed " the hooks " for tho comparative stagnation caused by tho mystery surrounding the Ballarat jumpers, and as the public, unahlo to solve tho latter problem, have determinedly refused to "pick the double," layers of odds turned their atten tion to tho dog Derby, on which business has been done in heavy items. Notwithstanding all sorts of rumors Sheet Anchor's position for tho Grand National Hurdle Race has been improving doily, whilst The Agent lias been well backed and reported an unjikely starter at one and the same moment. Huntsman, whose name has occasionally cropped np and who is nominally third favorite, completes tho most mysterious trio that havo ever diiiiled the favorileship for this ovent, aud for the Grand National Steeplechase Morven and Wymlet may he bracketed together, whilst Forester, Progress, Colebrook and Denmark have each a circle of admirers. Claptrap and Velocipede have been well supported for the Caulfleld Cup at 100 to 2, at which price St. John has been backed for the Melbourne Cup to win £20,000. Mixed doubles of 1000 to 5 on tlio Derby and Cup have been taken in several ways with Nowstead and all of Mr. White's Derby horses, but the straight out wagering lias not yet sufficiently settled down on either of the two cups to justify tho compilation of a full and reliable list of market prices. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club's programme for tho Caulfleld Cup meeting appears in The Leader to-day and will be found to present many prominent attractiuns and to contnin some alteration since last season. Tho Maiden Plato of 150 sovs., onoinile, special weights, is tho initiatory event, followed by the First Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs.; then comes tho Great Foal Stakes for 2-yciir-olds, with 300 sovs. added, the Caulfleld Guineas, of similar value, being tho next item. Tho Fiudon Harriers Vase is re placed by the Australian Hunters' Cup, a trophy valued at 150 sovs., going to tho winner, the second and third securing prizes worth £50 and £25 respectively. The Toorak Handicap of 150 sovs., one mile, concludes the first day's racing. On the following Saturday tlio programme will be introduced by a Selling Race of 100 sovs., the Second Hurdlo Race and Nursery Handicap, which follow, preceding tho Caulfleld Cap of 1500 sovs., of which tho winner receives 1000, second horse 300 and third 200. Tho handsome bonuses attached to second and third place will add considerably to the interest in this race, which will in all probability bo productive of one of tlie grandest sights of the season. Tho Open Steeplechase has 200 sovs. added, and the Windsor Handicap concludes a most liberal programme, the total added monoy, including the value of the Hunters' Trophies, amounting to no less than £3375. The day of general entiy is Monday, 14th September. ' Messrs. R. Orr, J. Wilson and W. Rennison havo been appointed to judge the jumping of hunters at the National Agricultural Show next month. Tho ninth ordinary meeting of the share holders of the Victorian Trotting Club will he held at the office, Bourko-streot, on Wednesday next. Tho balance sheet which will be pre sented shows the receipts to havo been £3260 lis. lid., and tho expenditure £5447 17s., leav ing a debit balance of £2187 5s. Id. to be carried forward. Tho liabilities amount to £5020 3s. 6d.. but this amount is met by assets to a like amount, the value of tho buildings and im provements being sot down at £4500. At the annual meoting of the Shepparton Turf Club held on tho 14th inst., Mr. R. Foord was re-elected president, Messrs. J. M'Donald and G. M'Cracken vice-presidents, Mr. M'Crackon treasurer, Mr. H. H. Turnly secre tary, and Messrs. Grattnn, M'Kinney, Wilson, Daisb, Ylnge, M'Loan, Embury, Wall, and D, M'Konna stewards. Tho balance-shoot showed tho recoipts to havo been £775 Is. 8d. , and tho expenditure £883 Is, lid. Notwithstanding heavy expenditure for improvements, which in clude a grand stnnd, the club has the satisfac- toiy credit balance of £267 9s. 9d. For the convenience of visitors from New Soutli Wales who have como over to assist at the Waterloo Cup, Grand National, and Gun Club meetings, a special train will be run, starling from Spencer-street for Albury at 7.25 p.m. to night, enabling passengers to breakfast in Syd ney on Monday morning. 