" A'BANCEOTA-ir;: BY'.W. pLABK _ :i;£ ASiriioTr of :Se a" QtrtfeN?'1 4S3 TCad .M.IUD,".;- A Sailor's. SOTETI I EA ltr, ") ."'-I'lik ' Wreck of'Tiie Gitbs%xori;:,!-ij. ,":7'. '"7 ' CiLUTrh XLlir.— Some I?a3iAge IGone'' i -'us.;-'-: r .'::u 'US If ttiiq nharit:''fwfy -YutanttA//! ijmv- nifjlif j ' arid 1 jjad' .tyecri'nt ) f ho '' whiipt ?sracK cfgfit Vrith mo -till my watch was up, hut I told her that she did not know what showas wishing, for, that four houra' exposure to Iho galo would exhaust her, that even if she were Iffifh me we shonld not he able to talk, nor see _ysacli other ; and without much ceremony I handed her below shortly before eight o'clock, obtained some refreshments for her, and then saw her into her cabin and returned on deck to relievo Nipper. ' And now for bard npon four hours hail I been standing at the wheel, the only man on the deck of that ship, with henriug dull, and faco numbed, nud eyesight thickened, anil hearing bothered by the pouring - of the gale and tho raging sounds of tho wind and tho sea. Euch another timo may I never pass again in this or any other world 1 Tho feeling of snpremo loneliness entered into the black ness and the warring of the night,- and mado the darkness and tlio uoiscs and the ship's solitude horrible, I knew that the men in tho forecastle were deathlike in drunken slumber, that tho two inmates of tbo cabin were asleep, or, whether or not, as good as asleep eo far as my loneliness was concerned ; and many a time when the boiling head of a towering sea would fling a spectral glimmer npon tlio slanting decks, I'd run my glance along tho dim fnihtness of planks with n shudder that actually wrenched me, over the feeling Ihatmincwas the only living eye that witnessed this hellish picture of flying white and whiriiug black, and of onr ship made ghost-liko by wild Indistinctness leaping and reeling in the midst if The scene had been heart subduing enough by daylight ; but it was frightful at night, becnuse tho blackness made tho imagination help it. : Now and again somo gigantic sea woidd render its approach visible by the dull Und sulky flashing of phosphorescent foam that ruled its brow for miles ; but for the most part the pitching and plunging of the ship was amid rushing mountains of ink laced here and there with a gold or green shining, with often the opening and Spreading of a hngo bed of foam flung up by somo invisible surge and hissing, great God I ns though the flames of a mighty submarine fire wero being extinguished ; these monstrous creaming spaco would bo full of phos phoric sparkles, which with tho whiteuess nnng a thin and ghastly light that seemed to tonch the blackness overhead as it went screaming past, whilst they feebly illuminated a circle wido enough to show you a procession of thrco or four lines of billows lifting with yearning reachings out of the darkness cs though they were beasts of prey scenting blood and coming with coiling hounds towards the ship on velvet feet. v Thero was a lamp burning in the cabin, 'and Die haze of it hung dull round the wet glass of Iho skylight; otherwiso the whole length be twixt tho bulwarks was in total blackness. But n sudden leeward reel of tho ship bringing a great mass of foam up to the rail, a weak glare came off the whiteness that made the decks visible, and in that unearthly illumination I ennght sight of tho figure of a man working his way aft by cowering and- creeping along under the wc-atber bulwarks. The wonder whether jit was Grondlral put the thonght of Pipcs's disappearance into my h'eml, and I re member thinking that if it were the Finn he might, on finding mc alone, endeavor to make ' away with me too, though I could not then con ceive of any reason ho would linve for wishing me ont of tho ship ; hut if this notion was strong in mc — 1 mean that if the figure ap proaching mo were tho Finn- he might tip to take my life — I cannot recall that. J felt in the . least degree alarmed. ' The gale may linve toughened my nerves ; or perhaps I reminded myself tliut tho Finn was an arrant cownril at bottom ; moreover, though I was not armed, I was prepared, he could net cntch mc unawares anyway, and as 'I have elsewhere said, big us lie was, yet ho was not the man to frighten me iu a fnce-to-faco meeting. However, tho fignro turned out to he the steward, so I should have scared myself very needlessly had I been frightened. "When he was close I called out to know who that was ; on which he cried, "Roderick Shingles, the steward, sir." I waited until lie lind dropped flown closo to me by easing himself along a length of mainbracc or some such rope ; this brought . him just inside the haze from the binnacle lamp, and I thought ho looked white snd terrified, tbongh it was impossible to bo sure of a human expression in such a light us that. "Well," I shouted, "have you recovered your senses ? Are you sober, steward ?" " ' Yes, I have slept it off ; I didn't tako over 'much; I drunk tho least of 'em all, But it wasn't my place to touch a drop, I ought to have kept aft. Lord, Almighty, what weather I How it blows!" lie yelled as the ship brought her spars to windward with a mad shearing against the gale that was like whipping it into threefold its actual fury, and then laid her side into it with one of those dreadful lurches which caused one's heart to heat at fever rate, till the lifting oi her masts again proved her still alive. " Where do you como from— the forecastle ?" I cricd to him. "Yes, sir." "Did yon close flic hatch after you ? If not, there's stuff enough blowing over forwards to drown the crew ?'t " I closed the hatch, sir." - . " Are any of tho othorsin their sonsos ?" "Why, I found I could wake up Eye and the cook ; hut tlioy'ro too muddled to ho of use ; they was inst capable' of swearing at me, and paying it ud ho timo enough for them to torn eut when they was wanted." 1 ' What hring6 you on deck ?" " I woke up, and feeling tho motion I rec koned it must bo blowin' a storm of wind. But I didn't guess it was as had as thiB. I found Nipper wasn't in the forecastle, and know that yon and him must bo handling the ship, and might want assistance 4 so I camo on deck." " You're in darkness in the forecostlo ; how did you see to know that Nipper wasn't there?" " Why, I struck n wax light ; I've got a box II 'em in my pocket!". ' "Let us mind," I bawled, not to add firo to Bnr other troubles." ; "There'll bo no firo ibrougb me," ho Answered, Iwas too wearied by my long spell at the wheel, and too much disgnsted by his conduct, and incensed by his neglect of Miss Agnes and ino that day, to care to conttnno speaking to him. I comd tell by his voice that , his head was not cleared of the fumes in it yet, though ha talked with coherence. It was scarcely to he supposed that ho had left the forecastle /rem tho with to help us two men. lie had much Snore .probably been driven out of It by fcra ex. cited in him by Iho overpowering motion of tho ship, to ho felt there ns it was to bo felt no where clso in her ; and thero was also no doubt that ho was now awed and horrified by the hurricane which I10, found to be blowing On deck, and was full of regret, in consequence, for having lain drunk nnd helpless through this perilous time. I could only secretly pray that if this were really the man's temper of mind, it might lust ; for it was .he, Nipper told me, who had talked with the Finn over tho valiio of the articles in the cabin ; and if Grondhal found tho steward turning his hack npon the evil schemes they hail very possibly already talked over, it might end in my being nble to carry tho Silver Scil to Pcrnnmbuco without hind- ranee from the scoundrels then lying drunken in tho forecastle. I pulled out my watch, nnd patting it closo to tho binnacle, saw that it was twelve o'clock. It was now blowing as hard as it had come at any time sinco the galo had first swept down npon us. . Tho sounds all about were absolutely terrific ; there is nothing iu laugunge to convey the least idea of the unearthly, piercing cries of tho storm in tho rigging, and the dcep-throafeil bellowing of it ns it came raving over tho rail, and tho thunder of its passago through the blackness under tho sky; nothing to afford tho faintest representation of the appcnrunco of tlio seas when they were mnde visible by the light from off their wastes of foam ; nothing to iuli- mato the character of the ship's motion ns in blindness and darkness she scaled the liquid ac clivities and rushed down the steep slopes, spray, beaten till she trembled to iler heart by the blows of tho inklikc coils. Small wonder that the impression produced upon the thickened senses of the steward, who came'fresli to this wild, black war, was one of t he terror. I left the wheel anil called down the compan ion to Nijip'er. Ho answered my second shout, and at once came oh deck. I told him that the figure-crouching, under the bulwarks was the steward,' that lie was sober euougli to talk with sense,, and.that the others were in the forecastle, somo too . drunk to conio on deck, nud tho others too lazy. I also in formed hiin that the steward was ap parently greatly frightened. by tbo gale, and might, in his present mood, be so influenced us to render him ncutrnl, and of no use to Grond hal, supposing that man should hatch or had hatched auy plot of tho kind ho (Nipper) had suggested. He answered, ".All right ; lie would talk with the fellow, nnd see what secrets he could got out of him, nud if he conld influence him ;" whereupon, feeling dog tired, with a sensation in tlio flesh of my fuec as if it had keen changed into sheep skin by the continuous pouring of the galo upon it, 1 mado for the companion hatch nnd slipped below. One lamp was burning, as I have said, nnd Its tremendous oscillations gave one n good idea of tlio rolling nud pitching of tlio ship ; though the prodigious soarings nnd the swift, crashing, headlong sinkings — the fiercest and most terrifying part of the vessel's capers — tlio vibrations did not show. Feeling exhausted, I took a littlo brandy from tho pantry, ginucc.l at Miss Agues's closed door with a sigh for the poor girl iu her loneliness nnd a hope that she was sleeping through this hellish night, and then came hack to tlio companion ladder to lio down at tlio foot .of it. Here I found n holster off a loeker, with an indent in it produced by Nipper's head. It would servo mc very well ns u pillow; but spito or Ihc carpet tho deck was a trifle too hard for my unseasoned hones ; so I mado so bold as to borrow n largo cloak which I had noticed hanging in Edwards's cabin, welt lined with fur : and putting this down on the deck, I laid myself npon it and, ns I believe,' in less than five minutes was sound asleep ... . I had been sleeping for an bonr, ns I after wards found put, . when I was awakened — but that word won't do — I was shocked, beaten, swept out of my deep sleep by such ai flood of water roaring doivu tho companion ladder ns camo very near to drowning me. There was un indescribable uproar on deck, as though hun dreds of men were fighting there and endea vouring to smash tlio ship to pieces by pounding her with heavy spars' anil the iike. The vessel was on lier beam cuds or, seemed to bo so, and I made so sure that she was foundering Uiat I lay for some moments idle nnd iudiffcrcnt with flic senso of helplessness, feeling that if showas sinking, I lmd better remain where I was, and perish quickly tlinu run on deck and be left to battle 11 while for life amid tlio black seas. But after a little she seemed to release herself from the weight or grip that was keeping her lee rail under, and I felt her swinging with a savage windward sweep down the duul of n great bil low, tlio movement being accompanied with a thunderous washing noise of water, and cf the scraping and' rattling and banging of wreckage borne here and thero by tbo tide on deck. It is a fearful experience to be awakened by. luilf a ton of water roll ing down a ladder like a staircase upon you wlio ore sleeping at the bottom of it. Tho merely being Eoakcd to tho skin was nothing, for the' night was hot spito of the foul weather ; it was tho rude and brutal shock to the nerves whicli limdo tho thing so bad to suffer. Know ing by tlio feci of "tho ship that she was still buoyant,- 1 scrambled up the companion steps, und was on deck in less than three minutes after tlio rash of water had aroused me. One of tho companion doors was open. I was certain I had carefully closed them both when I went below, and therefore concluded that 601110 one lmd descended into the cabifl when I was asleep and lind left tho door swinging, with tlio result of tho cabin hciug half Hooded. Tlio night was a shade or two lighter than it lmd been when I' was oil deck ; I could sco the wheel and Nipper slnudjtig at it, and rushed np to lnin with tbo water' si reamlmy over inr li/Wc I rail. " In God's namo,"'-I shouted, "tell mc wlmt has happened — what is tho mnttcr?'' " Sbo shipped a sea, sir," he answered. " If the devil himsolf lmd been tending her, he couldn't lmvo stopped it happening. A sea as big as a mountain hit licr in tho bow and throw her off brondsido on to it. Before she could conio to, tlio noxt sea took her just before tho main rigging and tilled lier decks. Hor leo rail was under water, and I thought it was all up with us, as thero was no one to call, no one by to cut the rigging away, if 6ho didn't right. " Where's tho steward ?". . "I don't know. Ho wont forrrd a lew minutes afore tho sea come." " The companion door was left open, and it let enough water down to nearly suffocato me. Did ho do that?" " Yes, it niust have been tblm. He went to get a drink of water, as ho c&id.; I took no notice that ho left tho door open when he came up." . ' , "What mischief has been done, do you know?" Icricd. "I duiuio, 6ir," ho replied. "The leo quarter boat's gone. Ye can just mako out tlio framo of her hanging in tho tackles. I reckon tho ship dipped tho boat clean under when she gnvc that lurch, nnd tlio water tore her bottom out when sho was being dragged to wind'ord again. By the faintness that lmd stolen, one conld not imagiuo whence, over tho night, and aided by tbo white water to leeward, I conld just discern tho wreck of tho quarter bont dangling in tho davits; but forward of her the decks were nil still burled iu blackness like pitcli, and the utmost yon could sco of tlio ship was the feebly glimmering stretch of the mnintopsnl, and tho liuo of tlio rails when a chop down of the fabric (lrovo tlio froth out boiling from tho sides. But the water was fast draining off the decks through tho scuppers nnd ports, whieh latter Nipper had opened after tlio flood of rain, understanding with a sailor's shrewdness tho hint in that tremendous full. There were no more souuds of wreckage being carried to and fro. "Nipper," said I, "will you nnhook the cabin lump and go forward nnd seo wliut damage has bebn doiio? And you might sound the well, too. And why not rout up thoEo blackguards iu the forecastle? Will they bo drnuk all this while? .It's about time, surely, that they crane on deck and helped us He immediately went below into tbo cabin, but returned iu a few minutes without the light to tell ma that the water was splashing about the cabin floor, awl tbat Miss Inglefielil had come out of her berth awl was in a tcrriblo fright; believing" the' ship to be sinking, and had implored liini to ecud 1110 to her. There was too much to bo douo to justify 1110 in putting Nipper nt the wheel and going to lier and so delaying the sounding of the well and the rousing up of tho men in the forecastle; for let it bo remembered that tlio gale still raged, anil thai if dangerous damage lmd been done the vessel by the sea sho lmd shipped, we should havo to full to work, without tlio loss of a moment to save our lives; so I just, went to the companion, and, putting my head into it, colled to tlio girl and tohl her that she was not to lio alarmed by the water in the cabin, which was owing, 1 said, to a wave washing over the ship ; there was nothing in our situation to frighten her ; I explained that it was necessary I should remain on deck, nnd I wound up by begging her to lie down again, anil to be sure that should tlio sliip ever really be in peril she would have me at her side to meet, with lier, whatever might come. I then told Nipper to light another lamp before re moving the one already lighted, and returned to tho wheel. He reappeared promptly with the light swinging iu his grip, nnd shouted to mc that he lmd stopped a moment to giro the lady an encouraging word, " as she looked terrible white and fearful." It was a dreadful posiiion indeed for a girl to bo in ; no ono with lier to speak to, no one to say a word to rally her spirits, to interpret' tfioso washing and gurghug souuds of wntcr, those muffled bellow- lngs overhead, tlioso crashing and hurling noises which had followed the tempestuous leap of tho great surge over the bulwnrks, that was fit, indeed, to have chilled tho heart of a brave man ignorant of ships and the sea to listen to, in tlio- loneliness of tlml leaping nud flinging and hurling interior below. Tlieso were my thoughts as I watched the lamp carried by Nipper dancing like a will-o'-tlic wisp along tho deck, sometimes stopping, sometimes vanishing, then reappearing and lingering as though the sailor had hung it up. He sounded tlio well before lie did anything else, and bawled out tho joyous, hows to 1110 that there was no water in tlio vessel — by which he wanted me to understand that she was not makiug any water ;. for 6onie in her there must have been since the ship had not been pumped out for two days, and n little was sure to have drained into her from ttie decks. But sho was a tight, stanch craft, in noble condition, though advanced iu years, built us most vessels were in her day, and ns all vessels ought to _ bo ; ns, God knows, the most rascally of builders would be tlio first to swear to, il lie lmd encountered that gale nnd felt thnt his life depended upon the honesty with which the man who lind constructed the fabric under his toot had put lier together. The lamp disappeared after a bit, nnd it secmcd.as though it did not menu to reappear again. I had seen it glimmering abreast of the foremast nud then I lost sight of it. It was 110 .v 1 took notice that there had been a veer ing of wind to the extent of four points since I was at the helm, nor could I help fancying thnt tlio galo was blowing with jess weight. There was a deal of phosphorus in the water, nnd the glare of it under the weather bow came off the foam nt times so strongly that tho sheen of it would tremble along the bow sprit. It helped to make more light, and it wus possible now to cntch n sight of the black lines of the fore and mainmasts. I pulled ' out my watch nud found the time to ho five anil twenty miuulos to throe.. Just then. I saw Nipper's lamp shining 011 tho forecastle, nud iu a few moments lie was standing nt my side. " There's been more damage done than I thought," said he in n voice whose peculiar tone was distinguishable by my car spito of bis shouting. " First and foremost, the steward's killed," " Killed !— d'ye meau tlmt he's missing ?" "No, sir: ho lies dead ns a drowuded rat to leeward of tho galley, with his head stove iii " "Heaven preserve 'us 1. lio must lmvo been hit lijf something launched by the owner on " Ay, and ve'il know it if yon was to go for ward and tako n. look," raid Nipper. " The galley's sinudiu' sortiiilv, hut the long-boat's pone, lifted clean out other chocks and busied into staves. Most of her's washed. through tho ports' along with tho live-stock as I take It, for there's only ono drowndod pig to ho scon. There's also about six feet of the bulwarks smashed, leavin' nothon hut tho stanchions all tlio ropos boiid lifted off tho pins makes a dread ful raffle with tlio tkebrtss as it's called. I left tho steward to lie till the othcre come up." "Are they coming ?" « Yes 1 you'll ho hnving the cook and Grondhql and young Eyo hero in a minute. Tlioy took a deal of shoring. Drank i but so much . tho better, says I, Better they should bo brutes with liquor than devils with out." The steward's, sudden death scared me, and . I could think of nothing else even when Nipper was talking of other things. It deopened the fierce tcnipcstuousncss of tho night by putting an olement of tragody in it ; and I remember tlio wild slniddcr thnt ran through me from head io foot, when I looked towards the dark ness where Nipper had said tho body lay, nnd thought of tho man I had hut a short whilo before conversed with lying there with liis blind eyes fixed on the sooty whirl overhead, nnd himself but no more than a soaked rag in the ship's scuppers. Meanwhile Nipper went on to tell mo thnt the coops on the leo sido had 'been fall of water, uud thnt he expected wo should find nil tho poultry drowned when daylight camo ; "And now, Mr. Anbyn," I10 continued, " we've got but one boat ; so' that if we should he obliged to nbnndon tbo sbip, we'll all have to go together." "I hope that need won't arise. Haven't wo had enough of tronblo, man ?" I cried bitterly. "Well, come what may, slio's big enough to hold us all anyhow. The gale's moderating, Mr. Aubyn. Notico how tho atmosphere's a clearing? Let the weather coine a hit easier, and it'll bo worth while to shove her before it, and take all the good that's to be got out of tho wind while it lnsts." "Most assuredly. I've had enough of tho Silver Sea, Nipper. She's a good boat, but after this bout, givo mc one rod of solid dry land before a thousand acres of shipboard." " I've been saying that over since I first took to it," he exclaimed, cxamiuiug a stick of black tobacco by tho lamp-light ; "but 'tnin't of no use : drv land's not nicaut for sailors, nnd it won't snpport 'cm : so licro I uiu." IIo then pnt the lantern down, and pulling tho knife out of the sheath that lay on his hip, he cut off a lump of tobucco and thrust it into liis clicek. I was speaking to him about the repairs the ship stood iu need of, asking him to urge the others to bend another upper mniutopsnil when daylight came, nnd to pntch up any injuries tho vessel might have received, when on a sudden Grondhal, the cook, and Eye arrived. I had made up my mind not to say n word to tlicm about their getting drunk unil leaving Nipper and mo to look after the ship ; so when they camo I remained silent, with my hands upon the wheel, whilst I glanced over their faces, which were perfectly visiblo in the light of the lamp Nipper held. " Hero hash been a nice ehob, Sharley," ex claimed the Firm in a voice as sober ns need be, nnd with a roll of his eyes, which glittered like steel in the fiaine iu the lamp, round Ihc deck nnd out into the stormy blnckncss. " What harm lios been douo "Why, first of all, tho steward's killed," said Nipper in a quiet manner, though he had to raise his voico to mako himself heard. "How?" bawled the cook iu thick accents and recoiling in a lialf-drnnkcu manner. Nipper explained. "Sarvo lnni right for leaving tlio fo'ksle nforc ho was wanted," cried Eye, ending with a curse upon tiic dead man. " Where's tho German ?" I asked. " Dead druukenly asleep," answered the cook with a laugh liko n gargle. "Dutchmen can't stand ilrink like us Englishmen, — eh, you old lloosiau Finn?" driving bis elbow into GrOn- dhiil's ribs. Tlio Finn tossed him aside with a sweep of liis hand and said " Hov you puricd Shingles ?" " No ; he lic3 to lcoivardof the galley there," answered Nipper. " T'other misliief" done is this ; long bout's knocked to pieces'; lee quarter boat's gone ; there's a length of bulwarks busted out; and a'most nil tlio live stock's drowuded. That's the noose, iiwtoy. Now you've all woke up, what's to bo the enter of the day ?" ; ' Vot's wanted ?"' cried Grondhal. " Why, slecp'B wanted. Hero's Mr. Aubyn fresh from a four hours' trick at tho wheel, still on deck, as yon see." " Oh, veil, shir, you cau go below," said tho Finn. " Dcre are enough of us now to manage. Is not ter rind sliinking ? By Golt it ish not blowing like it' vnish?" ' .' "I say," cried the cook in liis thick accents, "let's lose no -timo in getting Shingles over board. Cuss mo if there's, o'nr n ship afloat I'd ho easy aboard of with a corpse in her— no, not if she ivur ten thousand ton big." < "I'm with yon there, Jos," bawled Eyo : "110 dead men for shipmates is my motter," I was n et through to the skin, nnd was feel ing tlio chill of it too now that I stood exposed to the still strong though fust moderating wind, nnd I felt extremely exhausted nnd sleepy also. Wo liuil evidently seen tlie worst of the gale, and I understood that for some time I was uot likely to ho of further uso on deck ; so content ing myself with briefly telling Nipper tlmt I should be found in my culiin when wanted, nnd that I should ho glad to ho culled when tho weather moderated sufficiently to onablo us to make snil, I walked below, carrying tho lamp with me. Mis3 Agues's door was shut and I was glad to think that sho lind mustered lier alarm sufficiently to yield to my request and withdraw to bcr berth. Tbo carpet was sopping wet, but tlio water bad drained away into tho bold, through what channels I don't know. I was very pleased to discover this, for imd it lingered oven to the extent of half tho volmno that lmd wusbcit down tbo steps, it would lmvo been necessary to bale it oat ; and I was exceedingly anxious to keep tho Finn and tho cook out oi the cabin. I took tbo lamp into tho captuhi's berth, and found a great rise in tho aneroid,' then hung tlio lamp in its placo, entered my berth, shipped myself io the skin, and having fully clothed myself afresh, I threw myself iuto my bnuk and fell asleep after a short spell of wondering whether Miss Inglcfield and I were to consider oar startling advon- ll'lPrq in itiri fiilvop Rpa no fnirltr mwlnA wiSll. this gale or only just begun with it. 