MAFFRA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT). Tuesday. The weather here yesterday was very sul try until about four o'clock, when a storm sprung up, and a few heavy showers of rain fell, accompanied by thunder and lightning. It, however, cleared up by about 8 o'clock in the evening, and it is now fine, "pleasure. seekers' weather." The Upper Maffra cricket club journeyed to Bundalaguah on Saturday, and secured a victory over the local team. Our shire surveyor, Mr Geo. T. Jones, who now and again recreates himself by a little amateur photography, has recently taken some interesting views of Maffra and other places. They are to be placed at the disposal of the ladies who are arranging for the mechanics' institute bazaar, to be held on the 24th April. I have had an oppor tunity of inspecting the pictures, and so far as I am a judge, I should say that the work would reflect credit upon many a professional photographer. Mr G. Buller gave a highly interesting entertainment in the shire hall on Saturday evening. The quality of the entertainment was excellent, the feats of legerdemain es pecially being well worth seeing. The Bishop of Melbourne preached at St. John's Church on Sunday evening, when the building was literally packed. Dr. Moor house took for his text the portion of the Lord's prayer "Thy kingdom come," dwell ing at some length on the significance of the word "Kingdom," and the meaning which it bore in the text, which, he stated, was mis understood by many. The kingdomi here spoken of was not a kingdom to be obtained by the magical virtue of a death-bed repent antce, but it was amongst ourselves',"ready for us to take it. The coming of the king dom meant the coming of righteousness, gentleness, peace, and of the Holy Ghost, and if we would partake of the glories of that kingdom, we must, in the word of Christ, be born again. His Lordship delivered a lecture in the mechanics' institute last evening, and although there was a very good attendance, I was rather astonished that the hall was not crowded. The Revo. J. Hollis occupied the chair and made an excellent intro ductory speech, amongst other mat ters, mentioning that he would leave the bishop to give us the title of the lecture, as he (the chairman) Was not permitted to do so. His Lordship then rose and after the usual acknowledgements, entered on the lecture by saying that he was about to speak upon two great calami ties, the first a natural one, and the other one which owed its origin to the action of man. The first was the plague known as" the black death" which ravaged Europe in the middle of the fourteenth century, when all grades and ranks of men from the peasant to the prince suffered alike. The lecturer gave a detailed description of the rise (in China) and the progress of the disease, and the mortality caused by it in various coun tries in the olt world. mentioning the fact that no less than three occupants of the See of Canterbury fell victims to it in one year. The consequence of tihe diminution in the numhers of the serfs caused by the plague was then dilated upon showing that this was one of the prime factors in raising the status of the labourers, and placing themn in a condition of comparative comfort, and at the same time it had a great and benefi cial political effect. The second portion of the lecture dealt with the conduct and cha racter of Henry VIII, whom the speaker described as one of the most pernicious men who had ever been known. He belonged to the most pernicious class of men, viewed from an economic point of view that could exist; one whom the world called "a jolly good fellow." and who was described as be ing "nobody's enemy but his own." This was the class who spend montey recklessly and prodigally, without caring whosf money it was that they spent, and such men were always the worst citizens a communiity could be cursed with. After the king had squandered his treasures which his father had left, lie robbed the church and religious bodies, he debased the coinage and set such an example to his subjects generally as to cause great mischief. And this w~ the man whom JIr Fronde has attempted to pose as a hero. He (the lecturer) would not take all the pomp and glory of this man, and have to give the same answer when called upon in ]udgment above for his actions. The moral of all this was that the moral character of a nation depended in a great measure upon those who were called to rule over it. A people were generally judged by their repre sentatives, and he himself had known men in a parliament who certainly should not be there, judged from a moral stand point. The lecturer impressed upon parents, school masters, clergymen, and others having the training of children the necessity and duty of showing them a good moral example, not confining themselves merely to providing them with clothes and food, and that they should combine to bring up a'generation loving God and working righteousness. In the course of his lecture I omitted to s--y that the bishop remarked that it would be a good thing if historywere tasght more generally to the rising generation, so that they might, when older, be enabled to profit by its lessons and avoid the mistakes made in the past. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, proposed by the Rev. L Tait (Presbyterian), and se conded by Mr A. Whitehead, was carried. I hope that the guardians of St. John's Church will take note of the bishop's re marks after the lecture, when acknowledg ing the vote of thanks passed to him. His Lordship hoped that in mercy to their minis ter, as well as to themselves, the congrega tion should provide more and better ventila tion to their church, and recommended that a vestry should be built at the rear, so that a draught might be created through the building. He remarked that he had never preached in such a poisonous atmosphere as he experienced while preaching his sermon in the church on Sundlay evening. I feel convinced, for my own part, that there would be no ditficulty whatever in carrying out the episcopal recomnmendation. 