English Sporting Notes. It is with regrot we annouuco the death of Mr, Georg« Bloss, the well-known trainer, which took place, after a short illness, on September 14, at Newmarket, at the good, ago of 69. Mr. Tattersall, September 22, disposod of tho Mardon Deer Park stud by auction. Themares and foals realised a total of 18,505gs. The stallions woro not sold. There . was a largo attendance of foreign buyers. According to BOUEOU'S chronograph, Melton won tho St, Leger (distance abouti milo G furlongs 132yds) in 3mi» 13 3-5sec. Last year The Lambkin occupied 3min 14sec in covering tho course, Ossian in 1883 3min lösen, and Dutch Oven in lfc82 3min 16ses. A few previous records follow Iroquois, in 1881, Smin 20 3-5sec ; Robert tho Devil, in 1880, 3mm 3230CJ Rayon d'Or, in 1879,3min 31seo ; lfc'78, Janette, 3min 20sec; 1877, Silvio, 3min 27sec. P. Archer contemplates a winter trip to India, whiihe* ho will perhaps be accompanied by Captain Macneil. Mr. J. Simons Harrison has disposed privately of th« yearling filly Lady Peggy, by Hermit out of Bello Agnes» and consequently own sister to Dame Agnes. It will bs remembered that she was offered at auction some weeks ago«, at Doncastor, but foiled to attract a bid owing to having' injured her off fore fotlock. Lady Peggy has sinco been, purchased by John Porter at the reservo of lOOOgs, and' will carry H.R.H. thc Priuce of Wales's colors. She will, of course, go into tho Kingsclero stable to be trained lo» her engagements. Mr. Peck's colt, The Bard, continued his victorious career at Doncaster on September 16, tho win in the Tat- tersall^ Salo Stakes making his sixteenth consecutivo soo* cess this season, the value of the stakes secured being £9188 9s. Merry Hampton, by Hampton out of Doll Tcarshcet (dam of Hormitage and Gay Hermit), was purchased byMifc T. Spence, on behalf of Mr. Abingdon, for SlOOgs, at.ths salo of Mr. J. Simons Harrison's yearlings at Doncaster, on September 17, and goes forthwith into Gurry's stable ai Newmarket. Whistle Jacket, by Hermit out of Fortress, realised th« top price of SOOOgs at the sale of yearlings by Mossrs. Tat- tersall, at Doncaster, on September 17, the purchase being made on behalf of Mr. Mantón. The trainer of Hermit for his Derby success, Goorgs Bloss, died at Newmarket a fow days ago. Tho news roialls tho events of that most sensational race, concerning which I lately heard a story which I never saw in print. Captain Mache!!, as the world is aware, was managing Mr. Chaplin's horses, and though there had been no aotual misunderstanding between Lord Hastings and Captain Machcli, tho ciscumatances of the case made it natural that there should have beea no intercourse between them« Lord Hastings stood to win a large fortune on his own animal, and did not for a moment apprehend tho faintest danger from Hermit, who was generally believed to b« unfit, given to breaking blood- vessels, and ultogethsf without tho ghost of a chunce. Before the race, however. Captain Machcli met Lord Hastings, and told him thal tho public impression about Hermit was entirely wrong, that the horse was not only well, but, m siüte of the pricn. exceedingly likely to win, and begged him to save somo ol the money on Mr. Chaplin's colt, pointing out that a very small outlay would, in the event of success, bring in « largo stake, for Hermit started at 6ß to 1. Lord Hastings refused, vowing that nothing could mako him believe UuÉ Hermit was worth consideration. How Hermit won, ant the bearer of the crimson and white hoops was defeated, turf history relates. Lord Hastings was practically ruin«i| but, nevertheless, he was among tho first to congratula*» Captain Macneil, and to thank him for tho advice ho haft proffered. 