My Double; L OBUEL. OUliSEO FATE. In early youth my parents zierer told me that I had a twin, brother, my «xaot eounterpart ; and t should imagine that if there had been sucn a phenomenal oceurreno* in pur family I should havebeenmadeaoquainted'withthefactlongag'o. I do not believe in Spiritualiem, consequently I can not fall baok on the impression that my ghost, or second self (d^pel-gangcx, according jo the Ger mans), walks the earth, for the express purpose of annoying your humble servant. What is it then? There is some person, if it be real flesh and blood, or some thing, if; belonging to the mysterious, intangible world, which doubles me in *$vts% departtaent . of life. Do I dress smartly? So does say double. Are my clothes shabby ? So are those of my second self. If I invest in a new hat, so also -does .my counter part. At least, all this I infer from what has been told. .me by others, for never Tiave eyes of mine beheld my dread curse, jny bitterest foe. I have been for some tune paying my addresses to Alethea Anne, a young lady I adore with an adoration only equalled by tho angels in heaven ; and until recently this adoration was reciprocal. Alethea Anne, I may say, is a girl of some what masculine mind, and is, in colo nial parlance, one who knows what's what. Well, imagine my horror, conceive my despair, fathom my sorrow, when Alethea, the joy of my soul, declared, on the occasion of my last ylsik to tier, and in response to the solidified customary embraoe, ** No, Mr. Buggins' (she had previously called me Thomas, her Thomas), ' No, Mr. Buggins s after having seen you escorting that wary questionable looking female in the load bonnet the other day I must beg of you to dis continue your visits here.' And Alethea Annie, wifchiwhat I must confess was in the circumstances righteous scorn left me, left me lamenting and in such, a state of heart-broken collapse, that I was! unable either to deny the oharge or to explain to - ber about my cursed double. Never, even ia word, thought, or aotion, have I been unfaithful to Alethea Anne ; alas ! no longer mine ; and pro bably, Bhonld she see this explanation, she may yet repent. Then, again, on another occasion I called on Mrs. Tattleton Torker — a lady who enjoys the confidence of a large circle at friends and acquaintaftces--&nd; I had the disidngnishod honour of being then and there introduced to Mr. Prim Bose, a gentleman J had most especial reasons for being on friendly terms with; for is he not a churchwarden, and one of bhe big gnus of the parish ?' After a time Mrs. Horker opened on me by remarkittg, with a sweet smile, that she fancied she had seen me on New Year's Eve. I foolishly replied that such was very likely. 'T thought so,' continued that estimable lady 5 'I thought I saw you holding a, lamp-post up, and the way you were gyrating around it 'was most amusing.' ' My dear madam,'' I hastened to reply, ' I am a strflsfc teetotaller.' Mrs. Torker favoured1 me with a pitying smile ; while Mr. Prim Bose, with a baleful glance, expressed the hope that I will do wisely by keepias the TJledge for the future. Then, again, I fancied I had observed a constrained „«?:,. ribbon* my friend. , .£on§s when 'we had met lately. It culminated the other /day when on meeting he reminded me about ' that teji shillings.' ' What ten shil lings ?' I innoeeniay inquired. 'Well,' said he, 'I lent you five bob one day^.andhalf-a- crownon two Separate oeeaaionfl.' In vain Z assured jTohes that I 'had not the faintest,' the remotest con ception of being under any financial obligation to him. 'Ah,' said he,.'I fancied not. You were so awfully screwed when you borrowed the money that I thought it would escape jour memory. Better knock 'the booze off, old man,' was his paternal parting : advice. Of ooutse I paid Wm, out he tells all our mutual Mends tiwt I drink, borrow miiney, and then seei; to repudiate thfe loans. This is all caused by my wretched double. Mv happiness is wrecked, my peace of mind destafoyed, and myieputaiioai-^-Gh! jay reputation— %llkhted, and all through a cruel and a malignant fate. Can anyone advise me what to do? Can any Christian friond solve the problem? The police Only laugh when I detail mv woes fc- them. They evidently ^n^ that I am poking fan. &t-; thesis as jfjthe matte?, if oaly for Alethea Anne's sake, irere Upt far tpofierions for me to turn toiidiculB, Am I haunted? Is there such a shadow oa my poul, or wiiat? I pause for a reply. 