ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (By THE GHOST.) Just as in days of yore it was not given to every man to reach Corinth, so, in our own days, is it seldom that a Government suoceeds in a few short hours in converting bitter foes into staunch friends. Yet tl; coalition Ministry has just achieved this feat. The publican Short is now their friend, vice the teetotal Codlin, deposed. A change in a few clauses of the Licensing Act Amendment Bill introduced on the re-committal of the measure has effected a transformatiop in public opinion, as unerpectel as inconvenient to Mr. Service and his colleagues. Ths licensed vic tuallers who, a week ago, were ready to renounce the Premier and all his works are now the loudest in sounding his praises, and the teetotalers, who erstwhile swore by the honourable gentle man-that is if teetotalers ever do swear are at the present moment cursing him with bell, book, and candle, and a bitter ness that would put to shame the Proeby terian Assembly. The petitioners who humbly begged the Assembly to pass the Licensing Bills are now as fervently im l.loring tite Council to reject it, and alto gether things in the political world are growing very "mixed," Iad the Govern ment stuck p~afully to. its bill as first introduced, the solutioA of the present difflcult inight have been found in a dissolution; but the measure in its present form is the creation of the country-which is supposed to speak through its chosen representatives and an appeal to the constituencies would savour much of one "from Philip drunk to Philip sober." It rests with the Upper House to cut the Gordin, knot, and according to appearances that august as semblage of the matured wisdom of pas toral Victoria has unsheathed the sword, and is quite ready to follow the oft-cited example of the renowned Alexander. In its present shape the Licensing Bill pleases only one extreme section of the community, and the best course the Coun. cil can take will be to send ties cuch-. tinkered measure to. the peaplo and obtain their decision in r, fair stand-up fight betweent ' blue ruin and blue ribbon." It may, perhaps, not tend to raise Victoria to a pinnacle of eminence in the scale of nations when it is known that her Legisla ture has been elected on an issue which will, not inappropriately, leave honourable members open to the imputation of being mere " pothouse publicans." The lack of " backbone" shown by the Government has landed their supporters in a nost un pleasant dilemma: The selection of Mr. Simon Frazer to do battle on behalf of the teetotal army against Mr. G. D. Carter, the avowed champion of the publicans, is rather an unfortunate one, for Mr. Frazer hails from the land, nay from the very country, famed throughout the civilised world, and, for that matter, many of its uncivilised portions too, for the quality of its whisky ; and the late member for Rodney is by no means a "blue ribbon man" him. self.. Much of the interest which, under other circumstances, would have attached, to the contest for the seat in West Mel. bourne, vacated by Mr. Orkney, and will be lost. As an indication of popular feeling it will be valueless for the election, if con fined to the two candidates named, and will be simply an expression of the relative esti mation in which the two gentlemen are personally held. Both are "honourable men." Both are staunch constitutionalists, and neither of them has any political axe to grind. How is itthat at the present junc ture no " Liberal" candidate has taken tihe field? 1?pr the "nobbling" of their whilom leader by Mr. Service, and Mlr. Berry's apostacy so utterly disorganised the " great Liberal party " that no repre sentative can be found to uphold the canuse in one of the most important metrao politan"electorate ? It would alut.t look like it, and as if the truth of the assertion that ' Liberalism is dead, killed by (Iraham Berry," were about to receive a palpable illustration. Mr. Mirams, who evidently is desirous of acquiring the title of the colonial Josephl HIume, has announced his intention of moving for a return slhowing the cost of housing, paying, 4I coureying by special trains her tl'jeoty a representatives in ; y?itpgit , 5l'Lreri are other matters, how ever, in regard to which information would [ be quite as welcome to the public. For instance, there are people who would like to know the cost of the picnic trip in the chartered steamer Wairarapa, indulged in by members of the Legislature under the pretext of visiting the fortifications in Port Phillip Bay. A return specifying in de tail the cost of the wines, beer, and spirits -not omitting the teetotal beverages-to gether with the number and kind of free drinks indulged in by each of our legis lators, would be [very much appreciated. And as the Government have signified their readiness to satisfy the mem ber for Collingwood, there can as suredly, on the principle that the same sauce is equally [suited to both goose and gander, be no objection to affording the country a peep behind the scenes, and some inkling of what the total cost of a representative really is, irrespec tive of the monthly "screw" of £25. He would indeed be a rash individual who would attempt to set bounds to the size which our daily metropolitan journals will in time attain. The two leading morning journals are just now engaged in a game of brag. The notification that an extra column has been added to the daily broadsheet of the one is met by the announcement that the morning's issue contains "sixty square feet of reading matter." Time was when quality and not quantity was aimed at by newspaper pro prietors. But all that is changed now. With sanitary reforms and the pro longation of human life has undoubtedly come an accession to the world's miseries, and one of these, and assuredly not the least, is the daily necessity of winnowing the vast amount of literary chaff in the Melbourne dailies in search of the few grains of wheat they contain. In the " good old days" the faculty of being able to condense news was a sine qua non in a journalist worthy of the name, now the efforts of the Press scribes are in the direction of " bumping out." And it's not the poor printer but the poor reader who suffers. The congregation of the Scots Church and a deputation of the Presbyterian General Assembly have met, and the breach exist ing between the supporters and the prose esters of the Rev. Charles Strong is, if possible, wider than ever. The victory of the congregation at the last meeting is not without significance, and may after all not prove entirely barren of results, and it is at the present moment an open secret that some of the hitherto staunchest sup porters of the "Presbyterian standards" and the Confession of Faith are anxiously trying to discover a modus vivendi with the erring flock, and the consequent means of extricating themselves from the false posi tion in which they stand. Mr. Stewart is not the only member of the Presbyterian body who is "heartily sick of the whole affair," and it is tolerably certain that if another "conference" between Mr. Strong's late congregation and the representatives of the Presbytery were to be held, it settle ment of the much-vexed question would be arrived at. In regard to the "minority of ten" who voted against a settlement of the dispute on the basis favoured by the congregation, an analysis of the votes shows that every one might, in accordance with Parliamentary usage, have been challenged on the ground that everymem ber voting had a direct pecuniary interest in the question, all being in some way in the pay of the Presbyterian body. Hard, cast and orthodoxy appear in this case to have gone hand in hand. Can it be that the last-named is in any way the causa cansaus of the latter ? There has been a singular display of activity and generosity on the part of our great wool kings,and their subscriptions to the tune of some thousands of pounds have flowed is, with a view of impressing upon John Chinaman and the "poor Indian" the superiority of woollen clothing over the time-honoured cotton in which they have for centuries past been ac customed to encase their limbs. If only the almond-eyed disciples of Confucius could be compelled vi et arsls to wear broadcloth and shoddy, as they were forced to consume British manufactured opium, the squatter would be happy ! And in this hope e e has east his bread upon the waters (in the shape of cheques), and proposes to build woollen factories in the land of the cousin of the sun and moon, and even, in order to bring his manufactures into re pute, at first to distribute gratis the pro duce of his factories! Whether enterprise conducted upon these lines? would in the long run prove remunerative is a moot point. Probably the benighted Hindoo and wide awake Mongolian would wear woollen clothing as long as they received it for nothing, and when called on to pay their tailors' bills! would revert to cotton, Should the notable factory scheme ever bes carried out, it might be based on the pros pectus of Mrs. Jellaby's Society, inaugur ated for the purpose of supplring the ladies of th eOjihbewaytribe ofred skins with cheap flannel petticoats. The process of "dis tributing " the produce of their flocks has apparently resulted in sending the brains of our pastoral kings wool-" gather ing." October 18, 