Mental Healing, Boston, U.S. Tns following is from the TiwtH*re is a fami'iar Boston parlour s"eae ; tm lsdks sit a little war ararc in Quaker-nvetmg. silence for perhaps 20 minute* The faco of one is as hotly nishea as if she had been indulging in violent exercise, physical inst«aI of mental. The other, the patient, apparently dozes in fcor chair. ■ Externally this is aU that oonstituca a mind'cure treatment, to which hundreds hereabouts are daily submitting The funda mental idea that underlies the system of mental healiog is there is no such thing as sicklies*. Disejiso, say the mental heaWs, is *n rrror of the mind, the result of fear This startling hypothesis entails some very strange and absurd conclusion. The leader of one of tbofacii'rs, for there arc several in sharp rivalry one with another, gives these instructions for healing *• Reason in your mind that Ood maie every thing good. Ho is not the author of disease. Therefore as disease is not a crea tion it has. no existnee, hut it is merely a delusion of the mind, thootfect of few. Fear is faith inverted and perwrr d You are to gain the conlidence ox your patient; make him tell you the cause of what ho think- is his • disease. But with war decree ntimi you k ^ that it is not sickness at all. You attain :Ue power of hr-aling by dwelling mentally urv n cf troth nndxwxsdos] ofuod, *n<j * thus rhq faith of tho healer meeting - the: fear, of the . patient prodnoes a chemical change in the fluids . of the system of health." Many invalids arc naturally willing to acepv" this ornny other sophistry in expUnution of cures if they them selves are physically benefited. Butamong the intelligent people everyday life vrho aro study ing the mind-cure theories and ti a greater or less extent are testing them, the ideas of tho teachers are very much modified. Indeed, hardly any two hare just the earao conception of the " science " One lady believes that to he a consistent healer one must bo a Cni rersalist iu religious faith. Another insists that the minds of her pitients shall bo made entirely free'from guile, -and accordingly she asks for a full statement of thcir'Iives. hlany gersons who study the system renounce all re £10113 and superstitious ideas i i connection with it, but rex>gutso the physioil phenomena, which they do not attempt to eiplain, ard practise the art as successful as any. A lath in Hyde-park, tfa&sachuseti;*. who takes this position, says she finds herself possessed of a power over many serious ills which she hardly knows how to use. She says she praia earnestly and the ailment of tho sufferer s?ems to be transferred to herself. Then she is able easily to throw it off. She does not know whether to call it mind-euro, faith-care, magnetism. Some operators say they use no willpower, but simply keep before th-irminds an image of perfect health, and l«st God or the truth work through them. Others exert the will intensely to drag out. the disease, rs it were, by main force. . To be consistent, the leading mind-cure theorists have to man* ain 'some very absurd ideas. Poisons, they any, would "be harmless if the fear of them were removtil. Children, tHey explain, are affected because cf uncon scious hereditary feir. Hrs. ITary B. G. Eddy, leader of the Christian Scientist division of mental healers, claims that her husband, who died three or four years ago. was mur dered by an enemy among the scieati-fca who "thought arsenic into him." Some of these queer enthusiasts maintV.n th-vt mental in finance does not recognise dista-.ce, and that, therefoie, the presence of the piticnt under treatment is not necessary. Another Hyde park lady has an intimate friend in Sacra mento, California, who a few months ago was given up by physicians to die of inflammatory rheumatism. It was arranged by mail that at 8 o'clock, Boston time, on certain days the. invalid thould submit herself mentally, to the treatment of her friend in Hyde-park. It is claimed that improvement was immediate, ana that within a month the patient was able to visit San Francisco with her husband. Another lady in treating absent patients puts a doll in a chair upon which to fix her mind in lieu of the sick person. Host of the mental healers profess contempt for the Hwa of hygiene. They Did their patients cat what they please and act as they pleis?. Mrs. Eddy, ijowcver, makes the proviso that they most be of strong faith that what they eat and do will r.ot harm them. So much for means and methods. "When the inquirer attempts to investigate the actual ac complishments under the new pathology he encounters a vast array of witnesses and testi mony. Bat after attempting to gift th» evidence it is imposs'We to return a sweeping and de clare verdict. It would b* useless to deny that, under the influence of the mind-cure practitioners, benefic nt and in some casc3 re markable results arc attained. It is sot sur prising that they are able to "cure" hypo chondriacs. whose ills exist only in imagina tion, and it is easy to understand that their peculiar influence is more potent than that of medicine in c&iea; of certain disorders of mental and nervous origin. Bat when more marvellous cores are claimed the average sceptic falls back on Dr. Peabody's assertion that a physician's success depends upon the degree in which he po;se?ses the confidence of his patient. Complete harmony of mind and confidence in any remedial agency is a more potent factor in any case than most people, even medical practitioners, generally recognise. This fact is the real secret of the mind-care craze, and with a foundation so substantial it is, after all, hardly wonderful that so vast and fantastic a structure has been erected. Investigation of any of the miracles which 5:h clsirned are wrought is Tin satisfactory. Although Are cited by the hundred of alleged cures of paralysis, cancer, tumour, consumption, rheumatism, scarlet fever, spinal complain*, nervous disorders, and minor cotnp2aiet% there appear t • hare been no genuine, scientific test of the system. There is testimony in abundance, rudical, positive,' and undoubtedly honest, from people who claim to hare been cured by the new agency of organic disease of long stand;ng ; but in vestigation develops so many we ik or incredible • prints that close analysis is almost always un satisfactory in its results. Illustrations might be detailed by the score, bat a single well authenticated case will suffice. A prominent dentist of this city fell and severely injured hh knee- He sent for a surgeon of good repute, who examined the limb and dicgnorc l a fracture saying that he could plainly detect the grat'ng of the broken edges of the bofte against each other. The patient was properly treated, and was advited to reconcile hiro«jelf to sever*! weeks' confinement. But yielding to the importnnitiea of his wife he allowed her to call in a mind-cure practitioner. He treated the injured man according to the tenet? of the new school and tried to persuade hi in that he was not really hurt. Finally, he induced him to get up and walk, when he did, at first with difficulty but soon with comparative ease. The dentist walked into the office of the surgeon who first attended him the next morn ing, and the doctor thought for a moment \- that he saw a ghost. This cage 1? naturally . reckoned a great triumph of mental-healing .over old-fashioned methods. The old-ichool eargeon, of course, simply acknowledge* that he made a mistaken diagnoid*, and says the gentleman sustained only a strain of the knee joint. There Jiaro been ia'Uzice* within a few mouth* of gross swindling of the credulous by professional quacks, who find it profitablo jn*t now to put on the mind-cure mantle. A <»*e in point occurred recently. An ignorant .but .smoothed-fconguo rascal who is getting rich upon iho mind-euro craze was called to treat the wife of a wo-tlthy gentleman. She was suffering from cauoer, and the disclph of mental healing guaranteed that ho would cure her. Presently tho patient died. But the mind-cure man persuaded tho husband that ho had suoceotled iu partially curing the cancerous trouble when death supervened, caused by consumption. Accordingly, a bill for §4,000 was sent in, aud the husnnnd finally paid §3,000 rather than sutler the ombarrassmcnt of a law suit. The persons who aro most affected by the craze, except the actual converts, aie tho Ehysicxacs; but from them least is publicly eard. Perkaps'tho best antidote, after having spent some time iu canvassing the viows of the mental healers and iu discu- eiog the theological side of the subject, is to call on somo good old fashioned. physician, who has been adding years to men's lives for half a century. 4i Hooter," a veteran practitioner was ndced recently, " why don't you take in your sun now that these mind-cure people have shown that no one need be sick unless he has a mind to r" u Don't makofuu of fools, youngnmn," the reply come, li it only strengthens them in their folly. When people ask me if there is auy thingin mental healing, It-ayyes, of course there is, .Every physician knows that,wken a patient's mind or iinugiuution i-f in sympathy with him, the work of curing in many oases is half done. In dealing with mental and nervous diseases, one ob;ect aim-id at is to secure absolute peace of miud ou part of the patient. Then nature will work her own cure. Sometimes it is necessary to administer a few bread pills or a few drops of coloured water to induce full confidence. But it is useless to argue with people who try to show that there is no sick ness and that poisons won't kJJ. The era20 might as well run its course.'* ' 