True from the First AND FALSE.TO THE LAST. CHAPTER VII. A RESOUE-AN INVITATION ACCEPTED, AND A PLEASURE STORY CONCOCTED. Bodine waited in breathless silence for the next demonstration of his enemies. They scattered in the wood below him, and, at intervals fired at random through the troes, in the hope that some chance shot might bring him down. More than one bullet went singing through the dense mat of vines that sheltered him, and he was momentarily expecting to be danger ously, if not fatally wounded. He dared not return the fire, for that would point out to those below the exact spot in which he was sheltered, and then he would not have many moments' grace .allowed him. To gain time was his object, for he thought he saw a cloud of dust rising round a curve in the road which heralded the approach of those who might rescue him from the imminent danger that menaced him. After an interval that seemed an age to Bodine, he heard the crackling of the underwood beneath the tree in which he was concealed, and looking down he saw a sallow face peering at him from below, and the voice of Caltin cried out exultingly ]<' I've found him, boys. Come here, and let fly at him with your shooting irons.' There was a wild yell of triumph. and a crashing sound among the thick underwood, and Bodine reserved his own fire upon them till he could get a certain aim. But these men were wary woodmen; they darted from tree to tree, seeking shelter from his fire, and after a parley among themselves, Caltin's voice again rang out ' I say, you feller up there ! If you'll come down like a man, and give up what you took out of the box you left in Deadman s Clearing, we'll let you go free , after you take an oath never to tell what's happened to you since you've been in these parts.' Bodine made no reply. To give up his life was scarcely more dreadful to him than to surrender the wealth he carried about his person. Besides, these men were not to be trusted to keep to their pledges. He still kept an anxious eye on the road, for the cloud of dust he had observed came nearer and nearer, and his heart leaped within him as he heard the sound of approaching wheels and the trampling of more than one horse upon the road. At the same.moment a horn sounded a warning note from the opposite side of the road, and the men hastily left their "covert and rushed away in different directions. Bodine fired now three shots from his pistol in quick succession, more to attract the atten tion of the approaching travellers thhn to do harm to his enemies. Since he. was safe he was willing to allow them to escape, especially as he had something to.coflceal himself and. *had no wish to become embroiled with the authorities. An open barouche, drawn by a pair of spirited horses, in which sat two gentlemen, with a driver in front, and a third gentleman, on horseback, came I swiftly down the road, and drew up suddenly as they saw, the abandoned cart still standing in the same place, with its broken-down stead. At a glance, Bodine recognised the esquestrian, and bit his lip and muttered, as he prepared to descend fronm his perch 'It is I a sti'ange chance that has brought him here to such a crisis in my life as thi.- Buitt it matt6rs not; I'will go on my way all the same.' The man of whom. heo thus, spoke was young and eminently prepossess itg in appearance. H Tis form was well knit and.active, his complextion fair, with black haei, and frank gray eyes. His voice, too, was pleasant in tone as lie drew rein ald said * Some one seems to have broken down', but I see no signs of a fight. I hope the owner of this turnout has not met with foul play. Do you know anything of it from its looks, Mr. Delmaine ?' The grey head of an elderly man was thrust out of the barbuche, and its owner said 'I think I have seen it before. A man named Catlin keeps a sort of livery stable a few miles back, and I am certain that both cart and horse are his property. *We heard shots .fired just now. It looks very much as if there had been something wrong going on here. What ~do you say, Rosiere ?' Mr. i.osiere, thus appealed to, said 'I think it very likely.. What is that lying in the bottdm of the cart, Guy?! . . Archer atooped forward and lifted. the abandoned valise, at the same time reading the name engraved upon the lock with much surprise. 'Walter Bodine! Where on earth can he be, and what can have brought him to this placo ?' By this time Bodino had gained the road, and replied himself to the question 'Here I am, Archer, at your service, just resoued from the most emmiuent danger by the opportune arrival of yourself and your friends. How do you do, Mr. Rosiere? In irying to serve you, I have been very near losing my own life; but more of that anon. I can now think of nothing but how grateful I am to you, gentlemen, for riding this way on this especial morning.' He offered his hand to Archer, with apparent cordiality; it was accepted, but very coldly, and then Bodine shook hands with Mr. Rosiere, who intro duced him to his companion, and said, with some surprise in his tones ' I regret that you should have been exposed to danger on my account, though I cannot nnderstand how it has been incurred, Mr. Bodine. I have been looking at some land with my friend, Mr. Delmaine, and as we returned we overtook Guy Archer on his way to my house. You must come home with me and fell me all about your adventures in this wild county. 'Many thanks, my dear sir, for your kind invitation. When we arrive at your house I will explain how I came to be in such a striat as you found me. Yonder bloodhound lying near the side of the road was set on my track, and if I had not shot him I should hardly be here now to tell you of the perils I have escaped. 'The wretches!' cried Mr. Delaime. ' This passes all endurance.' Bodine gladly took the seat beside the driver, and on his way to Oak Oottage told his story and gave an animated and graphic account of the seige he had undergone while perched in the tree. By the time it was ended, the carriage entered the grounds, and drew up in front of the house. The driver was ordered to wait, and the four gentlemen men went in. Aimee did not appear immediately, and after they had seated themselves in the spacious hall, Mr. Rosiere said to Bodine 'Now if you have anything to say that effects my interests, you can speak out, as Mr. Delmaine is a con dential friend, and Guy is as much interested in my affairs as I am my self. You said you were attending to my business when you exposed' yourself to the dangers you have encountered. Please explain your oanf' 'Are both these gentleman aware of what passed between you and my self with reference to Calderon's in famous disposal of the money of which he had defrauded you?' 'Yes-they are both in my con fidence. You may speak freely. Have you found out anything that is of interest to me ? Did you discover any clue to the hiding place of the hoards he boasted of to me ?' 'I have, sir, 'and that is what has brought me to this neighbourhood. A package of papers belonging to Calderonfell into my hands after his decease, and among them was one which distinctly pointed to the place of concealment in which I supposed his treasure to be found. There was a diagram so clearly drawn that no one could mistake the spot, if the localities could once be found. Beneath it was written, 'Deadman's Clearing, - county, Florida; an accursed place that \fIw are likely to approach willingly.' ' The three gentleman listened breathlessly, and Mr. Rosiere, with effort, said ' Go on-tell me how you found the place, and if-if your hopes were 'realised?' 'I went there, determined to pur chase the land, 'thus inquiring a right to all I found' upon it. But I could not wait for that when I found myself on the very' spot the diagram pre scribed. I recognised it at once, and set to see if anything was to be found. .'And-and you-'* .., Mr. Rosiere's voice failed him so great was his emotion while this sus pence lasted.. . ' I found-not what I had hoped, but somethidg that may lead to the recovery of what you have lost by that infernal villian. "A ':box was concealedunder the brow of a ravine, but in it was 'only a bundle of blank paper, in the 'ceitree of which was written a few lines of cipher, indicating another place of concealment. That I hope to find, arid restore to you the wealth of which you have been de frauded.' The 'faces of the listeners fell. Archer had . closely watched Bodino while' he was concooting this false 'hood, and now coldly asked ' Did you bring the papers you spoke of with youi, Mr Bodieo ?' If they were carofully examined, per haps something more to the purpose might be found. I did not; for something happened at the moment I grasped them, which nuade me think it best to get away as soon 'as possible. I toro out the leaf on which the cl aracters were traced, and hurriid..to my horse, which I 'had left tied to a tree about fifty yards. fromnthei revine, I 'was not a moment too quick .in my move iments, fon,: ad I tin ed to leave the place, a white figure, groaning awfully, appeared in the door of the ruined hut. I fired on the.pret nded ghost, and ats I galloppeie away, h~ard men shoiting to' each omher. It was lui'ky 'foi3 in6 that I escaped as qticlly as'.I did.' 'I supnse it was, said' Archer, drily. ' 'If yolt hmve that 'fragmnnt 'about you,' perha~~ 4I' ag"'ldo ', 'we may be abie to'dectphor itsymeamnu,. *'I would show it to you now wvtih plThsurr?, but it is stitched in tho lining of my coat for safe keoping. This afternoon will be time enough to see if we can makn anything out of it. Most opportum.ly for him, Aime? hero came fr m the dlning-room, in which she had been assisting to set out the table with the costly china and glass that was only used when guests were at the Cottage. She was simply but most becomingly dressed, and Bodine gazed with admiring surprise on the lovely woman that had matured from the unformed girl he had once known and loved as well as he was capable of loving. Aimee gave her hand to her lover with a beaming smile, and then turned to the other guest. She flushed slightly as she recognised him, but came forward with a graceful welcome to her father's house, happily unconscious of the sinister intentions with which he had entered it. As Bodine held her hand in his longer than Archer thought necessary, he almost involuntarily said 'I thought you charming when I sw you last, Miss Rosiere; but I now see that time, which robs others of beauty, only gives added enchant ment to yours.' 'I am not quite antique enough to begin to fade yet, Mr. Bodine, so your compliment is not so acceptable, after all,' was the gay reply. 'I do not care about fine speeches, and you have little time just now to devote to them, for you have the dust of your journey to remove before dinner is served. Papa, dear, the room next to Guy's is ready for Mr. Bodine.' Rosiere rose, but before accompany ing him, Bodine paused to say 'You will excuse my dilapidated appearance, Miss Rosiere, when you hear what I have gone through in the last twenty-four hours, and why I have encountered so much danger.' As he disappeared, Aimee looked inquiringly at Archer, and with an incredulous shrug, he said We certainly rescued him from a critical position just now, but that that danger was incui~red for the sake of any one save himself I can scarcely believe. Mr. Dalmaine will tell you where we found him, and the account he gives of himself. I have so little faith in him that I decline repeating what he has said.' Archer walked out on to the gallery when he had said this, and Aimee turned to the old gentleman and winningly said ' Come, tell me all about it, please, Mr. Delmaine, and how you came to bring Mr. Bodine here to-day. I don't mind telling you that I had rather have seen almost anybody else in his place, inhospitable as ,it may sound.' ' Ah, ha! afraid of another lover, I suppose. Archer is jealous already, I can see.' Aimee's face became grave, and with youthful dignity that sat charm upon her, said Do not jest on such a subject, dear sir. Guy trusts me as implicitly as I do him, and you have long known that we are betrothed.. Mr. Bodine is also aware of that, and he comes hero with no such purpose as you imagine. I cannot understand what brings him to this out-of-the-way place, and that is what I wish you to tell me.' Her father here joined them, and hearing her last words, took her with him into the drawing-room, arid told her as much as he thought necessary of the occurrences of the day. In the meantime Bodine availed himself of the opportunity to draw a few lines with a pencil on a piece of blank paper he took from his saddle bags, as nearly like the diagram he had lost as possible-=-boneath them he wrote several lines in a crabbed-look ing cypher, which he intended totrans late to suit himself when the proper time came. He then drew a circle of stars intended to represent -the diambnds, next the chain and anud cuffs, and last a bag of coin. ' Hieroglyphics easily read by those who have the clue,' he muttered. I'll fool the old man to the top of his bent, and make him half ruin himself dig ging up his own land in pursuit of the money he has lost. Ha! ha !it will be good fan, when I have it safe all the time.' , - \- Bodine then arranged his toilet as' well as was possible unde'r the circum stances, and emerged from, his room with a paper he had prepared folded away in his vest:.pocket. - . Not one feeling of compunction entered hismind over the use he in tended to make of it. ' All stratagems are fare in love and war,' he thought, for the sight of Aimee in her- yocng loveliness had aroused all; the old passion he had once felt for her. Even.without his pledge to Ca-lderon to make her his own, he would now have used every oefort to that end, so bright and charming did she appear in his eyes His old grudge against Guy Archer also urged him on. He would rid himself of his rival in some feasible manner yet to be determined on ; then ;Isurp his place in the affections of his fiancee, and when tired of her, as hE would doubtless soon become, would leave her to break her heart over his neglect. * With this well-defined programme marked out,, Bodino came out into the hall with smiling lips and courteous words of apology for his long delay. * In a few moments the party went in? to dinner, at which the young hostess presided with perfect grace and self-possession. When they rose from thetable, the threo older gentlemen strolled on the ?allerv and smoked their fragrant Havanas, and Aime o sat down with her needlework in the *drawing-room, knowiun taat Archor would' be sure to join her there.. He hied been watching with lover like impotinone for a fewwords alone with her and she had scarcely. settled herself at her employment before he was beside her. Aimoe, darling, Ithought you Would follow me when I went on to the gullery bofia e dinner, but you stopped to talk with Mr. Delmaino about that odious Bodine. It is no good purpose that brings him here, I feel certain ; and as to thatistory he tells about his adventures at the Clearing I cannot persuade myself to believe the portion that concerns your father.' ' But itmaybe true, Guy ; and if papa could recovorthemoney thatis certainly his, it would be a great piece of good fortune to all of us. I did not follow you when you .went out, because it would have been discourteous to Mr. Dolmaine to do so. Besides, I had a woman's curiosity to find out what you were all discussing so eagerly.' 'Aimeo, that man is an unsoru pulous schemer, and is plotting to now get your father in his power, that he may bring you also in his toils. He has not given up all hope of winning you yet; I saw it in his eyes when he dared to hold your hand so long in his clasp; in his munnor when he addressed you. Oh, my dearest girl, beware of him, for he is certainly ' a snale in the grass.' ' ' How vehemenit you are, Guy, and how unnecessarily suspicious ! Mr. Bodine is aware of our engagement, and I am sure that you fancied more in his manner than could have been seen by other eyes. Pray do not try to preduce me against him, for I do not like him very well as it is. I must be polite to him while he is under or roof, you know.' Archer's eyes brightened up at the last word. 'I'll not say any more against him, I. Aimee, if you will not try to like him any better than you do now. Mis trust him always, and influence your father to do the same. Mr. Rosiere is unsuspicious, and too honourable himself to suspect falsehood and double-dealing in others.' 'And you?' asked Aimee, archly. \- Archer flushed slightly, but laughed as ho replied 'Oh, I am a lawyer, and my pro fession teaches me to accept nothing as fact which is not proved. I do not believe that Bodine found what lie asserts he did, in the way he spoke of. He will make your father believe it though, and set him on a wild-goose chase that may end in disaster to both him and yourself. If there is any thing to be found, I do not think Bodine too honest to look for it him self and appropriate it. When he comes to Mr. Rosiere With this absurd story, I feel almost certain there is nothing in it. 'I promise to remember what you have said, G-a,, and to do my best to shield papa from the consequences you predict. But if we could find that money, what a godsend it would be to us!' ' There! I' know it! Your imigi nation 'is already infected with the myth about hidden treasure, which that traitor has in'vented to give him an excuse for lingerihg here when I am gone. But I will talk no more about him; you have had your warning, and the subject is odious to me. I came here at this time for a very different purpose, Aimee, I am going on a journey, and came hither to tell you of a piece of good fortune to myself and to bid you adieu for a tfew monthi' Aimee listened with brightening eyes and flushing oheeks. Then im pulsively exclaimed 'Dear Guy, how happy I am to hoar that your prospects have brightened! Of course you must go, and I will. not say. a word to damp your hopes of success. When papa hears of this, he will be less solicitous about recovering what he has lost.' 'You are a brave girl, Aimee. I feared you would be nervous at the thoiught of; this foreign trip, and try to dissuade me from it. You will indeed 'be a true helpmate, my darling, ready to encourage me and give me new strength, even should my own heart fail.' With , sweet womanliness, Aimee replied--. '.That is the true. mission of my sex, Guy, as I understand it. But I have no fears that your stout heart will quail, even if misfortune should come.. You are strong enough to battle against it and that is why I have confidence in you, why I am willing to trustmy'fate in your keeping' ' And you may trust it, Aimee; for in all I do, I have but one thought to spur me on to success,, and that is that you lovo me; that you will come to me as my sweot reward as soon as I can make a host for you, fitted for one of your delicate nature and refined tastes.' Before the young girl could reply Mr. losiere appeared at the open door, and said- ' Come hero; Archer, and see if you can make anything of the strange oipher Bodine found among those papers he spoke of.' Archer rose reluctantly, and went into the Hall 'closely followed by his betrothed. I'o be cointimLd, 