BBEVITIES. ? ^r Land office day. More ' incidents' * imminent at ZuLSear. Orient mail expected on Monday morning. It is the turht hoot which catches the corn. It ie often the man who is right wbo is left. Tiro thousand pounds for a JVeethought Hau. 8445oz gold arrived from Queensland last night. -_ Governor Blackall, steamer, went onatrial trip this morning. E.M.S. Orient arrived at Adelaide from London for Sydney. . . Mr. Varney Parkes is making an aotive canvass or .Central Cumberland. , : The Mayor of G-ranville doesn't believe in laborers ;WBges being cut down. 1 Sequel to the late military mania : Sir. Dibbs has .caught the scarlet fever. The revised version will, no doubt, have a great effect on modern eheology. ,_,, No. 1 L.O.L. annuol celebration in Protestant Kail Jast night. Large attendance. A ring round the moon is a sign of rain, and a ring round the eye is a sign of a blow. A number of military appointments and promotions ?will be found in another column. Some 600 acres of the Field of Mars Common are Boon to be submitted to public auction. ? The want of confidence motion againBt the Parra matta ' ministry ' ' was postponed for a week. Mr. Proctor has announcedhis intention of address ing the electors of Armidale on Saturday evening. Mr. and Mrs. Camm accorded a fitting farewell last night by their numerous friends andadnurers. On the eve of his departure for England, Mr. Camm has been presented with a purse containing over one hundred sovereigns. Alderman Hudson believes that the Parramatta Gas Company only wants encouragement to lay gas mains where required. The committee of the Granviile School of Arts is arranging for a grand wild flower show, to be held in the middle of next month. Hannah Matilda Mollerstein_, 4, was run over and killed last evening by a. cart which was in charge of a thhti named Patrick Stretton. Alderman Hudson does not thick the Granviile aldermen should speak about work half done — only old women and children do that. Alderman Hudson hopes that all Granviile ten derers will in future be required to deposit 15 per cent of the amount of their tender. ?? A. stipendiary's opinion -. The prohibitory Sunday selling clauses of the Licensing Act have brought about an immense amount of perjury. The Rev. P. M*Pher3on, AX.A., thinks tbat the death and decay of Australian forests is due to a large extent to the ravages ct opossums. The right of charging for admission to Sunday eatertainnients has been taken before the -Full Court in Melbourne. Judgment reserved. Mrs. Ramsbotham wants to know what Sir Saul fiamnel wants to secure Captain Cook's relicts for. ?** Ain't there enough old women in Sydney ? ' Board of directors of the Asylum for Destitute Children, Randwiok, have to obtain legal opinion as to who shall have the disposal of the children. A Petersham woman says she was kissed by a spirit :at a seance. That sensation must be almost as grati jyingaB being hugged by the ghost of a ehaaice. The Cabinet determined yesterday not to offer for .sale any land in leasehold areas in the Eastern and Central Divisions during the currency of the lease. The Rose Hill racecourse is steadily improving1 as far as appearance is concerned, but the running- will '\ye very heavy, and that means strong horses and slow iime. As a proof of the excellence of the Bupnrban postal services it appears to be easier to get a heavy road roller from Aehfield to Canterbury than a No1 'less than three contractors notified to the Borotfg-h Council of Alexandria last night that they were unable to proceed with their respective con tracts. Mr. H. C- Xusseil says thsre is a tree on North. Shore. only 25ft high which is 35ft round. He says ?we shall never see its like again. It is a relic of a past age. The ground in front of the Balmain Cottage Hos pital at present looks very bare. It' a few plants -rcete set there the place would look decidely more toheerful. . The monthly meeting of the Geographical Society ot Australasia will be held m the itecbange this evening. Mr. J. F. Mann will read a paper on ' New Guinea.' '?Never sun feather beds, says an old house keeper. Among other things which should never be be done to feather beds may be mentioned sleeping on them. . ?' A North Shoreman claims to have a wire so hot tempered that he can light his cigar from the flash of her eyes. He made a good match when he mar Tlfid 13.61* The borough councils of Alexandria and Waterloo trill meet the members of the Botany Toll Abolition .League at 4.30 p.m. nest Saturday, in the Town Hall, .Alexandria. The actingrsnperinlendent of Teiegraphs reports : ?Communication was restored on the Port Darwin Java duplicate cable on Tuesday. Both cables are 310W perfect. ' Love may be. blind, but eight is not needed to de fect the cloven breath,' said a Victoria- street young lady to her sweetheart, as he flipped '.out between the aeta at the Boyal. ? Mayor Nobbs. of Granviile, -was congratulated by Alderman H. Bicharuson. on his elevation to the -magisterial bench. The remarks were received with general satisfaction - Mrs-Geo. A. Lloyd, jun.,0* Trombone, Coonamble, who wrote undor the nom de plume of '' Silverleaf,' *nd whose writings were much appreciated, died at Coonamble last week. \- Gold found in Auckland Jiarbor. The Bank of New Zealand assay gave IOO02 to the ton, from the_ crad ling of about four barrow loads of sand as it was obtained from the beach. The ' dead-beats' have transferred their allegiance from the BeVmore to tbe Prince Alfred Park ; the -cast iron pipes in the latter being of a more com modioUE and convenient size. Bev. P. Macpherson Tread an interesting paper at the Royal Society's meeting last evening on ' Some ?Causes of the Decay of Australian Forests.' Ring tarking is a very notable cause. Ernest Thurston, a mere lad, charged with stealing :a cheque from Mr. G. S. Ardill, was found guilty and ijsentenced to five years' penal servitude by judge Wilkinson, at the Quarter Sessions. jV It is reported from Melbourne that Dion Bouci c&mlt; has still another new drama to produce. It is called ' Faugh-a-Somethinj,' and the plot is laid somewhere abroad, probably in Ireland. Alderman Harry Richardson very severe on the .late assessors of the borough of Granviile. Accord ing to him, whole streets were omitted, including usome of the most valuable land in the borough. A rumor is current that Khalifa Abdoola, the new Ulahdi, is the game Abdoola who carried bottles of imitatio.i Worcestershire sauce round the Sydney suburbs /or sale. This alarming report needs confir mation. 'Amongst them,' said the Heeald to-day, 'are the zebra, ;J.n animal obtained from Hindostan, and 'the possessor of a largahump over its shoulder.' The ?writer of this must really have been studying- natural iistory. The Alessandria Council hns suffered so much from ?contractors throwing up their contracts, that for the ^future intending tenderers will have to deposit 5 per cent, on the amounts of their tenders when putting ?them in. Alderman TJidokeray (Granviile) considers that «very corporation Jaborer should find Ms own tools. Alderman Baker thought if Granviile workmen hadn't good tools, it woult?. be cheaper for the council to provide them. 'Just allow me to svealc, and Bhut up,' remarked Alderman Setcheli to a^brother alderman of Alexan dria. ' You are out of order/' said the Mayor, ' Oh, just shut up, and let mo have a say.'' replied the irrepressible Setcheli. Next Wednesday Mr. PYummer will give, in the Mariners7 Church, ' An Evening with Dibdin's Sea Songs.' Members of tfce Bethel Choir and sailors axe preparing for the entertainment, which promises ±0 be very successful. Alderman Evans is of opinion that no sane contrac tion would take a job from the Alexandria Borough Council, as they got so much annoyance. He added £that no only was such his opinion, but also the opinion of the contractors. ' How beautiful isnature,' said Mrs. Hightemper as' ehe stood with her husband on a hill top taking in tho scene ; ' how quiet and peaoefnlitall is.' ' Yes, my dear,' he replied in absent minded vagueness, ''* mvture never gets married.' Ameeting- of the directors of th& Asylum for Desti tute Children, Band wick, was held in the Town. Hall oaWodnesday afternoon. A statement of finances 'w&b; -submitted, accounts for the month wer 3 passed for pajTnent, and eeveral other matters- were disposed ?of. Special- lot of bargains to-morrow at Eiley 'Brothers' sBnri-$,nnual eale.— A»tt. Blankets, flannels, calicoes, almost a gift, at Wil son's cheap eale, Devonshire-street. — Advt. - '. ? Ladies and Gentlemen . — -Patronise the favorite boot .shop, good value. E. M. Chapman, 606, Brlckfield jpiill — ADYT. Tattersall's Consultation on Sir Joseph Banks, Hawkesbury Handicap Metropolitan Slakes, and Melbourne Cap, now open. Address: Tattersall'e, care of G. Adams, Tattereallfi Hotel, Sydney.— Jtsrc. ? * ? Bewm's Consultation on Sir -Joseph Banks ^onrtfc Gaftd Handicap, 4sal, :&ev; ; Hayrkeabury. Metropoli- ? tan. tjnd Melbdnxne Cup now open: 1000 subscribers 10b. Address Beach, careoTErtasWir^ Hotel, King jitreet. .Pleasa apply early.— Adyt. . Captain Meuser presided at a meeting of the No. 1 Parramatta Fire Brigade on Tuesday, when it was determined to obtain a new length of hose and to have a parade and engine practice on the 15th iost. The brigade has at present £19 9s to its credit in the bank. ? ' I can eee the way you are Ehootin1, old cock,' remarked Alderman Watson to Alderman Foskett at Alexandria last evening. And when the 'old 000k' got np and rufiied Ma feathers, Alderman. Watson called him ?' my honorable friend at the bottom of the table.' \- Our Kempsey correspondent telegraphed : — In con nection withj the balloting for Panton's forfeited selection to-morrow, the land agent has issued over' 2000 application forms. The town is full of residents from all parts of the district, and the greatest excite ment prevails. On Wednesday, in the Redfern Police Court, Mr. T. M. Williamson, in defending a Sunday selling case, produced a lemonade bottle containing what he averred to be '' gingerbeer and cloves,' and sug gested that the reporters should sample it;' but the scribes were not ' on.' The Rev. W. H. Gaulter, minister of the First (Presbyterian) Church, Dunedin, died on Monday last, after several weeks' illness. He was specially selec ted for the Church by commission, and was formerly minister of St. Mark's. Glasgow, having: arrived in the colony as recently &b; laBt December. A resident of Gerard-street, Alexandria, com plained to that borough council that the low lying land near his residence was positively poisonous to Ms household, -and only needed the evaporation of a few warm days to convert it into a hotrbed of in fectious disease and death to the surrounding neigh borhood. ? In a. recent paragraph describing the JEtedfern Pub lic Library a sentence appeared to the following effect*;—'' With the exception of these half-crowns, the library is wholly unsupported by the Corporation,' It should have read—' With the exception of these half-crowns, the library is wholly supported by the Corporation.' Recently the Canterbury Council requested the lean of a road roller from the Ashfield Council. The roller was received and used, and three days after ward the letter from the Ashfield council-clerk, notifying that the roller could be lent, was received in Canterbury. We've heard of the law|s delay. There is something' worse — the post office's delay. In the Redfern Police Court, on Wednesday, evi dence was tendered as to the relative tints of Castle maine and Tooth's ale, and also as to the difference in color between 'two ales' and 'gingerbeer and cloves.' It was also elicited that at least one of the Redfern police never drinks 'gingerbeer and cloves,' preferring something stronger and more toothsome. A portion; of St. Philip's Schoolroom has been fitted up as a reading-room and men's institute. Games of various kinds can be indulged in, and there is also a coffee-room connected with it. The terms are 5s per quarter. The officers are : — Presi- dent, Rev. J. D. Lang-ley ; vice- president, the. Rev. W. Chariton ; treasurer, Mr. Gibb ; and secretary, Mr. Berry, The inquest on the body of Charles Thompson, marker, 'who was killed at tho Williamstown butts on Saturday, resulted in a verdict of accidental death. The coroner remarked that although the targets are twenty-two yards apart, it is easy for a man at » long range to aim at the wrong one. He recom mended that only every other target be -used at long range practice. The borough councils of Waterloo and Alexandria got rather ' mixed ' as to the proposed place of meet ing of the joint councils and the Botany Toll Aboli tion League. Alexandria proposed its own Town Hall. Alderman Watson said the Saad Trust thought the meeting was to be in the Sydney Town Hall. Alderman Hannan remarked, 'That's the only Town Hall thev know of. Thev are not aware we have a Town Hall, too.' Mr. Alfred Allen writes : — In your report of the meeting of the Waverley Council, the Mayor is made to say ha ' feared the Quakers were deteriorating.' He said 'he teared the council was deteriorating ;' not tho Quakers. Another little oversight of your reporter : Alderman Fullf ord did not compliment me by designating me a 'Quaker'; it was Alderman Cooper who did so. Sir George Gray's bill against the plurality of voting was defeated in the New Zealand Legislature on its third reading. The measure for regulating the hours of work in factories was thrown out by the Legislative Council. The Gaming and Lotteries Bill for the suppression of sweeps and consultations,, passed the House of Representatives, and now awaits its third reading by the Council. The Eastern Extension Australasia; and China Tele gTaph Company's steamship Sherard Osborne was telegraphed to leave Singapore on Wednesday last. She brings the new duplicate cable to be laid between Tasmania and Victoria, and will call at Sydney en route. After the completion «f this work the Sherard Osborne will proceed to New Zealand. At the conclusion of the Canterbury Council meet ing yesterday the Mayor said that he was pleased to offer to Alderman J. Campbell Sharp the congratu lations of his brother aldermen, and. he thought he might say the ratepayers generally, on his appoint ment to the commission of the peace. Mr. Sharp had for maay years identified himself with the iaterests of the borough, and no more worthy choice could bave been made. In consequence of the state of its finances the Auckland City Council is greatly reducing the number of men employed. Some 50 hands have been discharged from the Government workshops there. In Dunedin the -unemployed have sent a petition to the Minister of Public Works asking for employment ; a considerable number of men have been out of work for some months. An accident of rather a painful nature happened this morning to a young man named O'Connor, a printer, residing in Parramatta. O'Connor was seated in a cart, which was driven by another person, and, in endeavoring to reach orer to adjust part of the harness, he fell, and the wheel of the cart passed over his arm and fractured the small bone and other wise injured it. Medical assistance was obtained, and O'Connor ifl progressing favorably. The driver of an omnibus in Christchurch handed the ;reins to a passenger while he drove away some boys hanging on, and the horses becoming ?unman- ageable, dashed under a shop verandah. Two of the passengers, Messrs. Cooper and John Hebden (editor of the Oaxtebbttby Totes), were severely crushed. Mr. Hebden had several ribs broken and received in ternal injuries. Mr. Cooper's spine is injured, and his lower limbs are paralysed. An explosion of gas, which caused considerable excitement for some time, occurred in Wain's Hotel, Dunedin, on July 22. A waiter, after putting water in a chandelier, where an escape was taking place, struck a match to ascertain whether it had ceased, and an explosion followed. The windows of the room were blown out, part of the Venetian blinds being- Bent across the street. The waiter escaped with a singeing, and_ beyond the slight damage caused by the are which followed and was speedily put out, the room escaped with slight injury. 