She ilega (fjtfedte. J'wji.tsniiD on Wednesday iini Saturday. , fitlexdJualitia. SATURDAY, AUGUST 1, 1885. New Zealand.—From tlio Hon. John ] Ballauce, of the Grown Lands De- i partment of New Zealand, we have | received an interesting document, the Report for the year ending March 31, 1885\. The Department's cash revenue for the year was £357,541, jderived from the sale of town, suburban, and ruial lands, from land sold on the de ferred payment sy.-tem to C19 agricul tural selectors', 2 pastoral people; and 85 village settlors: besides rents from 111 perpetual leases, 31 homestead leases, 3 232 pastoral leases(l 1,384,603 acres), and various royalties and li censes. There is an active demand for' laud, and a steady accession of settlers year after year; there is never any lack of selectors, but many areas | coveted aro away from good roads and not approachable until means of access aro given. Wisely the Government j has been making forest reserves ; tlie ' fcotara and other valuable timber is being guarded, and 594,051 acres ate now reserved. There are also 25,324 acres in Canterbury, 1588 acres in Otago, and 163 in Auckland district set apart for plautiug forest trees. As in New South Wales, selection has been Abused. Mr. McXerron, the Secretary for Lands, writes:— In 1873 the deferred-payment system was inaugurated in its residence and improvement conditions, and has long since passed the stage of doubt'as to its excellent adaption to the settlement and improvement of the country. Further experience shows, how ever, that this is not always so permanently attained as it should he; for it must be ad mitted that advantage has been taken of the system to traffic in lands as a speculation. Thus, in bush land, where residence has hitherto for the most part been allowed to be optional, and the selector had also the right of purchase, at the end of three years, the selector has in some cases never taken root at all, but has used these facilities to pass the land on to some one who had the means and disposition to aggregate a iarge_ estate. A partial chock has been given to this in future, by the legislation of 1884, postponing the right of purchase to six years from date of license. It is worthy of consideration if re sidence on bush lands should not also in most cases be made compulsory, say, aftur the first two years. As the law stands it is simply a matter of administration whether residence is made optional or compulsory on the selec tor in bush laud. In open lands residence is compulsory after the first tax months and up to the end of the sixth year from date of li cense. Referring still further to the transfer and aggregation of lands obtained from the Grown on deferred- payments, it may appear jit first sight narrow and arbitrary to seek to control tiie size of holdings within any de fined limit; but it has to be borne in mmd that the deferred-payment system is specially designed to estabish immunities of settlers that will bo mutually helpful to ca-jh other in subduing the wilderness, in the support of church, school, post-office, the villige trades man, and the other retirements of civilized life. If a few speculators aro allowed to mar this fair purpose by abusing the system in fairing up land merely to sellout and give fa cilities for the interposition of large estates, making the settlers a straggling instead of a compact body, it is manifest that the end sought is in a great measure frustrated, for tlie few cannot cope so successfully with the road and other local matters requiring co operative as the many. " The perpetual lease system," pure and simple, seems to meet the case, for, while it gives perfect security of tenure and of improvements, and allows of trsnsfer, the cardinal principle is maintained that the land is never said, and aggregation of leaseholds must stop at the maximum of G40 aores. Within proclaimed goldfields this system is, as itij name imports, a lease of Crown lands in perpetuity, wrth adjustment of rent at intervals, the first term being for thirty, years, and subsequent terms twenty one years. Within the ordinary land districts ■ of the colony the same terms are in force, but with the right of making the land freehold by purchase if the option ib exercised before the end of the eleventh year from i"a e < f 1 a -e.. Since tlie introduction of the system in May, 1SS3, there have been, up to tlie 31st March, 1885, 253 leases taken up, comprising 52,596 acres of which 181 leases and 42,460 acres are in goldfields, and therefore held truly on perpetual lease. Between the 31st March and the loth June 45 more leases, covering 8,472 acres, lwve been talcen up, making a total of 298 leases and Cl,0flg acres within tlie two years the system has been in opera tion. As a proof of the acceptance of the perpetual-lease system with settler's, it may bo mentioned that there are freqnent applica tions made to tlie Jjand Offices to havo cer tain sections brought under it, so that the laud may be held under that tenure A very noteworthy feature in the New Zealand land laws is the system of " Village Settlements," under which a man of small means can secure a few acres of the soil and make a home. Concerning these the Keport says:— During the year eighty-five settlers took up on deferred payments an area of 499 aores, or a mean of about six. acres each. This class of settlement lias boon very _ successful during the jiast few yeuru'hi establishing sev eral hundreds of the better class of laborers and their families in homos of their own, in circumstances of comparative case and com fort, within a short space of time. Thus, at Orari, Canterbury, where the land was only opened in 1881, there are now forty-eight holdings, on 503 acres of land. . Similarly, at Bencoiisiield, lour miles from Timaru, there have been, since September, 1883, no less than 32 families settled on 301 acres. In both places the settlers, in the erection of houses, fencing, and cultivation, have made marvel lous] rogress, converting open wastesof brown tussock land into thriving country- sides. The land was sold on tlie usual village settle ment conditions of residence, improvements, and payment in teu half-yearly instalments. The price of the Orari land was fixed at i'iO an ac.re, and that of Beaconsficld at from £12 to £15. One important element in the suc cess of village settlements is their being situ aie in good fanning districts, or not vory far from a township, so that iiio settlers may havo a chance of occasional employment and of a market. These conditions existed in tho two cases adduced, from tho fortunate cir cumstance of reserves of Crown lands being avuikble. Ordinarily, however, in Belocting villago Kites, as in selecting sites for (owns, the f.irouriible conditions iutve to bo antici pate!, and reserves made to meet the futuro progress of the country. In tho happy gra dation of villago lota up to twenty ncres, of small farms up to fifty anrcs, of deferred payment farms up to -320 acres, of perpotual loasefannsuptoG40acres, tho Ktopping-stonos to competence and indepondoiico arc made snro to tho thrifty and industrious, and aro now being availod of by thousands of settlers, lint in the deferred- payment sys tem there is, as already montionod^the future danger of amalgamation of properties and tho undoing in a measure of all the caro and ex axpense the oolony lias lioon to in tho survey Hid settlement of districts on that system. It is worthy of consideration if it would not bo well, having once carefully fixed on tho ireas to bo offered for occupation on sottle Tient conditions, to determine that in futuro the area of holding should bo fixed within ho definite limits of woretifr® according to .■liisp, and be all on tho lejinro of perpetual lease. In this way, while "ovary, facility of transfer would be allowcd:%ettlera, there would bo maintained ft gradationjpf village lots, small farms, modcrately-Bizecl farms, ' and large forms, the advantages of wliich to a country have been so ably referred to re* oently in tho "Ninejeojth Century?' by the Duke of 4rgyle andLord Kapiijr'and Ettriek, in their controversy on tho crofter question j and tho depopulation of the Highlands of i Scotland. \- Mr. Wm. . CauROU hife sucaesajfujly passed bis final pupil teacher's examina tion, and now ranks Class 1. Next Bega District Court on Novem boi C; SJden October 30 ; Cooraa August i 7 ; Moruya October 7. ! Mr. Manby, for Job/i Buckley, gives notice of application on September let for certificate in insolvency.-—™——*———■ Mr. Alex. Gumming requests us to state that "-entries for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition of lS(jG(will.be received at Sydney up to Sopterabe'r 1st. Sydney Illustrated.—The August number has a colored supplement, "Re turn of the Contingent,'' and a quantity of interesting reading matter and illus trations.. Dentistry. —For a long time Mr. Wm. Eus'sell's friends have been pitiently waiting to see him. On the 27th he writes from Melbourne to say he will-be here from September 5 to 12. . How to PiiESEnvb Otm Lives.—Eat :in moderation. Let your food be substantial, well-cooked, and your table free from, highly epieed dishes and exciting condiments Keep regular hours and habits, take generous ex ercise, seek the air where it is purest, avoid unnecessary exposure, work without excess, and interlard all with draughts of WOLFIS'S SCHNAPPS. Be sure and obtain Wolfe's Sclmapps, ■ ' : : The case, Allan against Gihoy, was -heard on Tuesday .and Wednesday, and adjourned till Monday next. .Tuesday's Evening Newt says:—"The hearing "of this suit from Bega began and evidence for the plaintiff was taken. Mr. Owen, Q.C., and Mr, Knox, instructed by Mr. Bawlinson of Bega, appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Darley, Q.C., and Mr. Lingen, instructed by Messrs Russell and Son for Mr. Manby of Bega, for the de fendant." » Bega Licensing Couki'.—Yesterday, before the full Court, wine licenses were granted to J. P. Hauville. Tantowanglo, and Richard Laws at the Lookout. Ap plication of Nicholas Bouquet for a new house at Tantawanglo was refused al<o the application of Mrs. Collins of Candelo. A charge against P. Quinlivan, of the Imperial Hotel, Bega, for Sunday selling was not sustained. For selling after hours the <ame defendant was fined 40s, and costs. For drinking after 1,1 p.m. M. Clarke and Tho?. M'Guinness were fined 08 each with costs.. The Volunteer Bajid.—There is evi dence that, when the proper time comes, money to buy band instruments Will not. be deficient. In the meanwhile, we, and some others, hold back our subscriptions uutil the Volunteers are duly and regu larly passed into the service, aud until we are sure that a competent secretary and a responsible committee are appointed by the majority vote of the - corps and sub scribers iu meeting duly assembled, after proper general notice of meeting has been given. If the .outside public .is to have no control {and we do not understand how' tke public can interfere with a Volunteer Band) it is sheer impudence "to ast the non-volunteers for money. Eakly CtbsrxG.—Last week, on Fri day evening, a deputation of storekeepers' assistants met employers at the Bank Hotel and submitted that the present hours of business wore unnecessarily long. Two proposals wore.xnado:—1. To close at 6 p.m. from April to September, aiid at 7 p.m. from October1 to March. 2. A weekly half-holiday, say ou Wednesday afternoon. No determination was arrive 1 at under the first proposal; the secoud was modified by an agreement, signed by eleven heads of houses., who pledged them selves to close their respective places of business on the first Wednesday in each month. Each employer has bound him self in a penalty of £10 to adhere .to this arrangements Obstruction to the early closing proposition is said to come from a quarter wherein days of working for others appear to be forgotten. Chinese Lajjoub.—Our experieuce aa to the honesty with which the Chinese in this district do. bushwork, such as clear ing, burning off, and grubbing, is fre quently confirmed by the experience of others. Whatever John undertakes, be does to the best of his ability and to tho extent of his comprehension. He makes his .contract, tries to understand all that is required fit his hands, and then ex< cutes his work with scrupulous fidelity. A case lately ; a gang had undertaken certain grubbing, aud finished the job satisfac torily : but tho land-owner expected to have some ferns cut; this was not under stood by the boss to be in the agreement, aud though the ferns involved only a couple of days* work, their removal was declined. John said his antract was grubbing on! burning timber, and forns were not timber; if he had thought of ferns, a prico would have been given for them. i ; 5 Sui'itEME CouttT.—The third Term for the present year commenced on Monday, the Bench consisting of the Chief Justice, and Judges Faucctt and Windeyer. A rule ju'si for a new trial was granted in the action, Gibson v. M'Farlaud. In this case tho jury by majority had returned "a verdict against defendant for £25, the cause of action being that defendant tres passed upon plaintiff's premises and re moved certain furniture which, although the property of defendant, was in the possession of plaintiff. Tiie defence was that the furniture was- removed with die express leave and lioense of the plaintiff. The rule was now granted, on thegrounds: 1\. That the verdict was. against evidence ' and the weight of evidence. 2. That de fendant was taVen by surprise' by tlitj ovidence given on behalf of plaintiff. 3. And that since tho trial fresh ovidence had been discovered which would have materially effected tho verdict. Maize Meal.—rln the tnoral desert of vulgar literature, with its sand of wastes and parched, bitter, aud too ofteu poi sonous shrubs, the writings of " suck suck " rise in their irregular luxuriance like a cluster of date-trees, with its 1/i-eeH.sward and well of water to refresh the pilgrim, iu the sultry solitude, with nourishment and shade. We apologise to the shade of Carlylo for thus introducing tho "weaiier" of the Standard, who wants to know where is the money raised for Backhouse ? There are -more things iu heaven and earth than are dreamed of in a calf's philosophy. Within 24 hours after receiving what Mr. Wreu collected, tho money was placed where a oheque to draw it will not bs marked n.s.f. Mr. Quinlivan has the list, and when those who have promised help will fulfil their obligations, Mr. Quiulivau will haud'tho list to tho Secretary, and'the matter iwill he completed. As to other allusions, tho Standard may mind its own business; perhaps it can do service if it direots its stupendous ferret's' intellect to discover who removed the back steps of the Ly ceum on Wednesday night, after tho last, boy in the streets hud gouo liouio to bed. Paiush maps of Narira, Eden, Cobra, j and Yambulla are advertised. Candei'o v. England,-—With lts'usual love o! intermeddling, tho Z}<yu Sl/iudiird flneoringly BajB concerning s|ev pounds remaining tojlie credit",.:of -the cricket guarantorsV It Is always iasy t» ^,e liberal when it coats one' nothing; " ftxsr sonal exporieuca ?); " aiid tn this spirit \ we might suggest. that' in place of ' lie guarantors drawing.E 9a eaclL a fuita.bl.Og tropin- be purchased: to' pe' ilroK^ti'd; foj "the" origin theWatA/M r. O'Tobfc ? How patronising wo Jiaye suddenly -)se coffle to our- old partner ;as<31 starter ■ in J3ega lif&L; As.SF&jemsj-;,BJ]^alil!^)^ morsel late last night, the ghost of Julius Cts-:ar rapped at qur table, and aityulowy, h&nd;'.TOBO aud?Bl6wly vr^oto /or£she faffikel .blotting padnn'ogeuti per facile est ilium ipeuni liumbupgum proclatnare. Ait :Est jliihi'uocessitn^tor- | tare pro railwayum eloginin: ideirco O'Toolalaudabo; fojrsitan illo softsonpuinj meuui vorabit, otqun me tuuc afljuvabit, ut approbationem populi tnoveam ; delude tinia felix et exoptatus (tnerces uieorurti taborum maguorum) veniat," It is evi- j dent by this patois that C»sar has not been at school for some time; yet wo think we understand what ho uieans, which, briefly Anglicised,- is, "a sprat to -catch n mackerel."' Cakdulo.—Miss Armstrong, teacher at the'Infant-School, Oooiua. has been trans ferred the to dfihdelo'Public School.-— Through the instrumentality of the Hev Mr. Leigh, the children attending the Gandelo Public' School, and others who chose to attend, enjoyed a picnic, on Sa turday last. The Union rises into Ossianio prose, and describes "how joyfully the mop and womeD of the fi|ture,putiii their recreation day, Ae vobal tibtos of the little multitude forming .a continuous sound. bb the jingling of merry bolls. Numbers of .parents, chiefly . ladies, djeje^present, as 'generalissemosto the c&W;^ing out of the rev. gentleman's idea. Like.the feast of the leaves and fishes, theV4 was much left after every attendant was satisfied to even satiatiato point."—Mr. L, Jphnson, ac countant at the Candelo branch of the Commercial Bank, has been, transferred to Quirindi, and is succeeded b£ Miv Hobbs from the bead office.—A meeting of the Coursing Club Committee washeld at OochraneVHotel on Tuesday last. Mr. John Kennedy, in one of his generous impulses, gave the club a ten guinea trophy to be competed for St,the next field meeting of the club; and.Mr.- AY. J. Collins presented the club with a 5 gninei trophy. It was decided to again obtain the services of Mr. W. Cooper, judge; and the 21st or 28th August, -will be the open ing date of the meeting.—Union. ' Judge M'Farland.—From what wo regard as reliable authority the statement comes that Judge M'Farland* s last visit to Bega was probably his last judicial visit to this district. For about 17, years the Judge has presided at Southern Dia- - trict Sessions. His predecessors. Judges Cheeke, Carey,€..K.Murray,JrT Dowling j Pnrefoy, & G. B. Simpson, hold coui ts at lidon until March 7th,;l§76, when Judge M'Farland advent -was thus referred in thB Gazette: " This is a busy and exciting; week in Bega. On Monday, March 7th, the first Quarter Sessions were opened by his Honor, Judge M'Farland. The highest interest was taken in the proceed ings, and the Courthouse {which is much too small a building for such an impor tant district as this is) was densely crowded during the day," Mr. JS. Loo attended as Crown Prosecutor, and Messrs James, Lipscomb, Manby, and Williams, represented the " other branch" of' the I legal profession. In the evening about 70 persons attended a dinner to the Judge; thosenior magistrate,iE. Haslingden, Esq, presided, and.his honor's health was drunk with For he's a jolly good fellow.'' Tempnra mutuniur; a guest may outstay ' his welcome; -and, as human nature goes, the familiarity that breeds contempt may be generated dnring a pftViodfef W years. ' We do not think that the majority of people will be sorry to heir that his honor has been promoted to a more important district. At the same time we are bound to state that his wish to change districts was communicated to the authorities weeks irreviouxly to the appearance in a Bega paper, of a notorious bull-headed vanity-prompted libel. Cobahgo.—The effort tp relieve Co bargo from the long-sustained unsatis factory condition of the Pest Office pre mises is now about, to he .•crowned with Bome measure of"siiccess; Ttip township increases; the postal business is consider able (we believe over .520 mails per week pass through or ar6 made up); and the office accommodation has, for a long time, been far below the requirements of the placQ. ,, New premises are sppkon of, and we understand Mr. Frirr hasreftommonded a brick building. In the meantime, Mr. ' Roberts did what he could during a recent visit to Sydney, And the appended letter ehow6 that a"step forward, will be taken: —" General Post Office, Sydney, 24th July, 1885. — Gentlemen,—Referring to my letter of 16th ultimo, and previous correspondence respecting the dilapidated state of the Post and Telegraph Office, Oobavgo, -and the application,of Mr. F. G. Eobepts of thpt place for the erection of a new building,'I'am directed by the Postmaster-General to inform you that, pending further consideration of the ques tion of erecting a new building, it has been decided to rent, as a temporary office, four rooms On"iMT.J^aTnii,6*"tnietms<is, about 40 yards distant from1 the present office, at £40 a year,—:I hayo, the honor to be, gentlemen, your most obedient ser vant,—S. H. Lambton, Secretary.—To H. Clarke, Esq., M.P., and J. P. Garvau, M,P-, Sydney," At Home.—Bill Nyo's remarks to rail way itravellers arc, ip effect, "If your mother "has reared yon by groat self de tual on her part, and.' by virtue of dogged economy for yoars, both in the old woTfiaTi'fe "gowns aiia: appetite,' you will probably occumvabout iourf* 6^ts in the car, cook your oeaver on o.iie'odr, stare at the gjrls. ^nd stick «ut ypw little small olevens.for the conductor to trip over." Alongside this is the *' jJBgles " story of squatter McAuything,. wbp landed iu the middle of the cabbage igarden long enough ago to piok up laudj .fence it,' sheop it, and pile up' n credit^ ba-liiiioo Wore which Bunk juniors rovo'rently woi-fehip. At last old Mc. went hoine-for a wife, and ho picked a sonsie lass, who covild bake and brew, ecour and /scrub, "spin and weavo, in fact a pe'rfoctj'gottar'e Saturday night braw aud iiea|thfu' lassie. And tho moenister made the iwa ane, end a P. aud O, boat landed thoni^t the' li^y. Event ually -the Sk'intnafloebio^Sttttion was reached, tind Lares and Penates, as befits a; proper - matriuiouinl life, were put in order, A fewweeka aftorwnrd , tho throo Miss Smiths, from Goldill station, rode on a' certaiti Wednesdayi ji adod-i1? -tniles to call ou tho brido;-; !The wind blow keenly and with tho cold gusts ciime the riders thoughts of a uice hot . cup of tea atSkinmaflcoBio.D^smountingi.Uie young ladies sent in their, cflrae, and fn -."bout five minutos the abigail returned with tho message that .j? Mrs. M.cAcy'thing1 was ' aTh'omo' ojily" oil "Tu6s^6y Thurs day I" The roiidor can apply bis or hor owuiuorul. fiWu&E;'fcftN.—Tho Rev. W. G. Tnvioj-, , to fopsojhy'oars labored in Queensland qircui t$,;afifljwpre recently on the Ifian- I miug' flavor, ,and at the Glebe, is t^pviiti: ;Bega, noxt^onth, for the purpose of iej£tiiig41ie circuit stewards of the W®j Teyaii/Causo here to uvorcpmo cqi^pi uousiTal liabilities. Mr, Taylor, who is now in charge of York-stroet, has a re putation for clear - headed organising Mwcr^vjaiyJ that iju a. ffir hig fi)rftidi at ¥ori Mnat fell ifctoxonfulibi? ^ftif 1 _ the Osborne excitement. Mr. Taylor is described as an earnest, acceptable jpr£iuiks)X* and ihfi-possossuuif jl JuuLzaicb. and cultivated musical ability. During . lus visit to Bc.ga it is proposed to havo a tfcafmcetingnn August 21, spocial services .ou .SuuduyjiiO 23rd., a musical evening on the 24th., a populnr.leoturefcn tlieiJot'h.vdiKl, poihftps, thereafter, lectures at some of the chief outlying centres. 3^atticulars;\rill|b9given I in ouv' aiiveitiding columns. ' | 