VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, February 22. The barques Luna has been shipwrecked off Cliffy Island. Two boats were lowered and a nasty retreat made into them, the crew being scarcely able to save any- thing. For an hour the barque stuck on the reef, bumping heavily,': and, tweaking up, •he sank at daylight. The boats then made for tho Cliff* Island Lighthouse, but they had great difficulty in landing. One of the boats wai smashed to pieces. All hands were taken oare of by the people at the lighthouse station till the 21st instant, when Captain Lee of the steamer De Bay observed signals flying at the lighthouse, so he went to the island and took the shipwrecked people on board his vessel and brought them on to Melbourne The barque was partially insured. Melbourne, February 24. The tenders for completing the railway line from Ditnboola to the South Australian border will be invited in about six weeks. No doubt the Victorian section of the intercolonial line will be ready for use by the time the South Australian extension is completed. At a meeting of the Operative Bootmakers' Union at the Trades' Hall, votes of thanks were accorded to the working classes of Aus tralia for the noble manner in which they responded to the appeal made by the union for assistance during the recent dispute; also, to the Trades' Hall Council of Victoria, and the Trades' Labour Council of New South Wales, for their aid and sympathy. Mr. Trenwith in formed the meeting that all the bootmakers had returned to work except thirty, who will be found employment next week. Melbourne, February 25. At the interviews which recently took place between Mr. Service and the Premiers of Queensland and South Australia, it was ar ranged that a united protest be made to the Imperial authorities against any further depar ture being made from tho resolutions passed at the Sydney Convention relative to the annexa tion of New Guinea, Now Hebrides, Samoa, and Tonga. Mr. Griffith drew up a statement for presentation by the Agents-General to the Imperial authorities, protesting on behalf of the Australian colonies against any further departure, pointing out that if the expressed withes.of the colonists wero further disregarded the utmost dissatisfaction would be caused. That was forwarded by telegram to the Agent- General of Queensland, and Mr. Service in structed Mr. Murray Smith to make repre sentation in terms of tho telegram on behalf of Victoria, and it is understood the New Zealand and South Australian Governments adopted a similar course. General Scratchley was interviewed to-day by the members of the council of the Victorian branch of the Geographical Society of Aus tralasia in reference to the proposed explora tion of New Guinea at the instance of the society. It was explained to General Scratchley that the council proposed to make a few recommendations to the Exploration Committee of tho society in Sydney, and wished first to ascertain the views of General Scratchley relative to their suggestion. In order to use the approaching season, they proposed that they should place all the available funds of the society, amounting to £1000, at the dis posal of Mr. H. O. Forbes, who intends to start in April next on a tour of exploration to New Guinea. General Scratchley said the sooner the interior of the island was explored the better, so as toenable a satisfactory boundary to be arrived at for the German and British possessions. The proposal just made to him by the council was an admirable one which he would be happy to support. The presentation of prizes won at the last annual matches of the Victorian Rifle Associa tion was made by his Excellency the Governor at the Town Hall last evening. His Excel lency, in the course of his remarks, said the offer of the colony would probably yet be ac cepted for the autumn campaign, and looking round him he could not help wishing that som • of the hundreds of Volunteers present had been in Khartouru a few short weeks ago. Should circumstances ever necessitate the despatch of Victorian troops to the Soudan or elsewhere, he could only say, speaking as an old soldier, that he would consider it the greatest honour in his life to have the privilege of leading them in tho field. His remark* were received with enthusiastic cheering. Melbourne, February 25. Major-General Scratchley had a consultation with the Hon. Jas. Service yesterday relative to the New Guinea question and the telegrams recently received from Lord Derby, indicating that the Imperial Government would not refuse to entertain the question of an Imperial con tributlen towards the expense of managing New<3uin«a. It was also suggested that the colonial Governments should without delay confer with Major* General Scratchley as to what extent the country inland should be annexed, to form an estimate of the probable annual cost, and to recom mend how it should be distributed, and how contributions couU be permanently secured. No definite results have yet been arrived at. Major-General Scratchley proposes to go to Sydney next week, and will there meet his Ex cellency Sir William Jervois, so as to obviate the necessity of the former going to New Zealand, as at tint intended. He will inter view Sir William Jervois and a representative of the New South Wales Government, and return to Melbourne, where he will probably again meet the Hon. J. Colton on his return from New Zealand. Major-General Scratchley ex pects to leave here for New Guinea about the middle of April. Betting on the Newmarket Handicap : 7 to 1 v. Prometheus, 10 to 1 v. Sir Garnet and Sheet Anchor, 14 to 1 v. Salvo and Coronet, 15 to 1 v. Battailous, 20 to 1 v. Garfield, Mascotte, and Leporello, 25 to 1 v. Surrey, 33 to 1 v. Coningsby, 40.t0 Iv. Berkeley and Tom Moore. Le Grand, when training at Flemington on Tuesday morning, met with a mishap, and was more seriously injured than at first imagined. The injury is internal, and it is not expected that the colt will survive. Melbourne, February 26 The following »re the acceptances • for the Newmarket Handicap:—Welcome Jock, Garfield, Ballarat, Sir Garnet, Blink- Bonny, Prometheus, Coningsby, Middlemarch, Dueana, Topaz, The Ghost, Mistake, Amelia, Victoria, Sheet Anchor, Salvo, Sf John, Velocipede, Alphabet, Mascotte. Town Plate: Moor, Lavington, Xantiphe, Bohemian, Hannibal, Surrey, Westbury, Marie Louise, Leporello, Claudine, Coronet. Australian Cup : Commotion, Welcome Jack, Plunger, Guesswork, Off Colour, Sardius, Coriolanus, David, Sir Garnet, Hilltop, Ring wood, Silver King, Sheet Anchor, Helene, Brown and Rose, Alcolyte, Coronet, Minerva, Stowaway. Scratchings.—St. Leger: Dargo, Jackdaw, Tarpea, Lecuba, Lanorna colt. Italia colt, Sour Grapes filly, Garfield, Lord Exeter, Landsborough, Minister, Leporello, Helene Berkely, Gipsy's Warning, King of Gipsies, Seaspray filly, The Bey, The Maio, Lavington, Hebe, Tide, Salvo. Sirocco, Un daunted, Sardanapalm, First Flight Princess, Quamboneson. 