VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. CAULTLELD MEETING. (FROM OCR MELEOCRXE CORBESPOXDEXT.) The unsettled weather that has prevailed for some time did not choose to be courteous to the V.A.T.C. stewards on Saturday, but the ele- ments were rather more uopropitious than pre- viously. A dull day and drizzling snowers continaed, and althongh the Caulfield course is sandy, this to some extent accounts for the slow time of several events. His Excellency the Governor attended the meeting, and, consider ing the condition of the atmosphere, the at tendance wa3 very fair. The following are the details of the days' racing. Handicap Hcp.dle Race. — Of 100 sovs. added to a sweepstakes of 3 sots. One mile and three quarters. Mr M'Gnwan's Hantsman, 10st 71b ... 1 Mr Phillip's Tattler, lOst 71ks 2 Mr Laurie's Guardfisb, list 21bs 3 The following also started : — Despatch, Minerva, Equity, Chatswortb, Ciitleton. Zenopbao, Pride of Oaklands. Latest betting — 5 to 2 against Chatsworth ; 3 to 1 against Huntsman. A good start was effected, Equity being tha first to show in front — tbe order over tbe first jump being Equity, Guardfish and Minerva. By the time the turn into the straight had been reached Huntsman bad assumed the lead, which position he maintained to tbe finish. Guirdfish gave place to Tattler, and Minerva came in fourth. Won easily. Time — 3min. 49tec«. Victoria Gold Ccp. — Valae 100 sovj. Handi cap Steeplechase. To be ridden by membsrs or hoo. member of the V.A.T.C. Two miles. Mr Liugblin's Dundee (C. Glasscock), ... 1 Mr Power's Blackthorn (W. Giasscock), ... 2 Mr Cass's Chieftan (T. Watson), ... ... 3 Banyenong also started. Latest betting : — Even Blackthorn, 5 tol against Chieftain, 3 tol Dundee, 5 to 1 Banyenong. A good start wai effected, and at tbe back of the coarse Dundee was six lengths ahead. Banyenong then went to the front, the next in order being Dundee, Chieftain, and Blackthorn. They came slowly round the home turn all together, and the order over the first hedge was Dundee, Chieftain, Bmyenong. Aluch the sima order was main tained until nearing the sod wall again, where Blackthorn began to go np, and gradually as sumed a slight lead ; but the pace of Dundee again told, and he came in an easy winner by three lengths. Tine — 6 min. 2 sec. The Ladies' Trophy. — A handicap for 2-yeir- olds. AH horses to be nominated by ladies. . Trophy valued 100 sova. Six furlong?. Mrs J. HamilPa Hannibal (Bene), ... 1 Mrs Carstakes' Primus (Brown) 2 Mrs O'Brien's Femiea (Sanders) o The followiog also started : — The Ghost, Mis take, Claptrap, Jocnlar, Albicore. Paflsroo, Phantom, E7ie, David, Umberto, Ea3i Lynne, Solo, JIascat, Hector, Bonnie Scotland, Maroney, Honeycomb, Hanora, Tissue, Loiis Berkeley, Wanda, Woodbin, Plymion. Laiaj: betting, 5 to 1 against Phantom, 10 to 1 to 50 to 1 the others. Won by a short neck after a good race, Fernlea and Primus running a dead heat for second place. Phantom next, and the Ghost fifth. Time — lmin. 21sees. Opek Sfesplzchase. — A handicap o» 12n sovs. Two miles. Mr Martin's Lizette i Mr Wbitty's Old Sou! ... ... (M'Lxd) 2 Mr Martin's Native (Bird) 3 The following slso started Blackthorn, Union, Kingston, Zona, Fickle, Joe's Indian Queen, Taxaraxacam, Sir Samuel, Stndley, Chester, Signal, Patchwors, Robin. Latest betting, 4 to 1 agamat Union, 5 to 1 Sir Samuel, 6 m 1 fr®"® and Native, 7 to 1 Joe's Indian Queen, 10 to 1 Old Soul, Blackthorn, and Fickle. Stcdley wis the Drat to ahoy in front at the iiait, foiloyeU by Joe's Indian Queen ; Kingston came down a: the first fence, and Patchwork stopped then made the running pas: the sod wali. -ton ing over the first subsequent fence, -OL-owec closely by Lizette and Bncifhom : thu ctder being maintained past the ljmd. with rt-'-e fourth. Oo reaching the tacc o. t=» ccarae, -- Samuel made his effort, bat w« tmame to iw much, although he assumes, tne ten. rac_a i-tt distance. ' Native again assnmea tae tea a: sod wall, where Indian ; Queen came cowa, «- Union then challenged the tette. A- -a straight, the race rested between Nature, fk- still had a slight ted. Union next cc tcettiiA and Lizette, who was coming up verpr as- ca- outside. A magnificent finish naffitcc b»«= for Ltette by hair a bead. Union ami Nature 1 ruumrt. ctee tether f r second and wira ! Pfices. Tim— Turin. 25 sec tUcHvoATj Hxsdetap. — Of IOO ml Que; mile. | o-F £- H.- T- Hlrts U.'cntrr Boy (Huarhiia) I ! ur a? ? Clarke's PSttawm ... (Rahera-.ro? 2 : Mr M. Jicub s Musca: (Nmhctenl Si The followms a ho, ssxrsed ;_Bhs Nuacfea. . Grace Darting. The Gh.-sh. Ac Heeer. Cmctu- j FadLr Warfcetd. Bohearisn. Ve-ietse. t As.ha, Maydew, Urara. >e.-a. G.sbcraer, The i Lift, Novrfetse and Pte.>. Lues; aetriss. 2 5» 1 »mst Country Boy. who sbirtened fasci to 10 to 1 offered in the mocuimr, 6 ml: Bohoinun, S tt> 10 to 1 Phausum, 12 m 20 ss 1 : the others. A goid star: — aj es-ctci, :he ; aar fu a 2:ue. P!at«i ««:;& can - ". J n r,0nn.iu"' h>«»wed ci-si.TT by PaiT.er:u. with Bohemian third, bu; ai the cask Jtesras ho> Txi Lrss-i baui tourtb. Muscat then pxssed PaiUes- md as the sod waH was second to Rare. wh> soil mainiaiued the lead. On neariae ssraszhs ' PaiUeroo again assumed the ted. aud a rr.cd i race home ensued, Phantom cein-r pushed ec ? altogether too late. Despite had t--r- -r— T ; Phantom tan second : Country Bey. whose ssirs ! wss commenced sooner, winning bv 1 hree - tors of a length. Time— lmin. 49 "secg. ' i 