LATEST INTELLI? ý'E NQ [By EaECTwruC TklEoiGrAPII] fiixoY ooutow coRRESPONDENT.] S . EL.Ol n,?E?,?onday Night., "Judg Higinbotlanaif ias irressid him. self in the Herald as being favorable tot solitary.confinement, vitli whippigs,..for. young criminals; in order to keep themi separate. from. the older gaol birds. He regards our prisons as seminaries for vice. - i A man named George Wilson, who was formerly sentenced for indecent behaviour in spying into ladies'-private apartments at the Spencer-street Railwvay Station, was; to-d":ay fined £10, iin default three months' imprisonmen?, for, repeating the offence.. The "ev. J. A. 'Dowio-e has -been" sen tenced to a week's itmprisonmeient,. -do .fault of paying another fine,, for conduct: ing illegal street processions. The railway emiployees intend appedling to Parliament by petition' against the do : : cision requiring -them to pay- half faire ", when travelling q and from work. O0 tha St. KildaM lin.suaenng a' railway carriae ran' off " tli "'he traffio being stopped for an hour and a half. : . :- . : An idea has beet mooted in miitary circles at Sydney to the effect that-there should be a federial encampment of the New South Wales -and Victiriah .military" forces :at Albury. during the ?coming summ er.- - .Oiie of the passengers-wrecked in the steaminer' Cahors was "a son of- the late Hen. J. M. Grant. The Herald states that a house haunted by the ghost of ani agreeable " oung lady exists in West Melbourne :· The dirorco petition, E:: dward Aifordl Stratford against his wife, iwas dismissed. The parties nmrido a lboyaid girl mar riage, which petitioner: says he does not recollect, as he was drunk at the tiine, and alleges that respondent afterwards lived with another man. - The Court held that' the ?etitionei: iail deserted his wife,'' and delayedi proceedings too long. SThere has been a severe frost in Mel bourne todaPn, he. weather, being :ex tremely celd. - Mr.:L ailam hasI recovered £500 dam ages from Robt. Scott for permitting goods stowed with Jimn two years' ago to ibe sold In ti-e .sit of Carroll v. Carroll, tl : hmsbmad ebtained a divrco from -lis wi :' in consegaence of her misconduct with one Josiah Gregory. -. n arpplication was made byi Goldberg,. the money lender, to attach the sum of..r £48, being amount of jn Igment "obtained years ago, oat of proceeds .of: iWalkor's . verdict against the Daily Telegraph,?te e cisioanwas reserve. : : Whseat o. ld. 8s 1l01,; IIour £ P r,; - is. Ito' 7 1ls. 6d eotis,New Zealaiidlut ' p,?id, Ss.. Victoa'i., 2s: O10d. to 3s"'id. barley,- giet; maize, 4sj .leL; bran u changed. .--. 