MELBOURNE. Friday. | The Premier has daring the past few days, been communicating with the Premiers of the other colonies on the subject of sending i united Australian contingent to assist in proposed autumn campaign in the Soudan. The views of the other colonies have been ascertained, and Service states they are inclined to defer making definite proposals or taking active steps in the matter until in possession of further information .from the Agents General relative to the inter view between them and the Imperial {Authorities. It is probable the whole will stand in abeyance for the present. About fifty bootmakers are on strike from several establishments in Colling wood, this dispute having arisen on the subject of employing non-Union men. Tbp men are objecting to this coarse, and manufacturers are contending that according to the terms of the recent settlement they have a right to employ non-Uniou men so long as they pay Union wa«es. Boot manufacturers generally have closed their shops against the men who . have been, oat on strike, having resolved not to employ them* ; A special meeting of the Cabinet was held yesterday, when various matters of urgency, including one or two connected with the defences of the colony came under consideration: The Government does cot think it desirable that decisions arrived at relative to the defences of the colony, or any steps that are to be taken for placing them in a state of preparation for all emergencies should be made known through the Press. The Premier has stated that he intends with holding all information on the subject for the present at any Tate. A numerously attended meeting of the employers of labor was held iliis afternoon. Resolutions were carried, forming those present into, a union called the Victorian Employers Union; nples were adopted and and a provisional com mittee appointed. A meeting of shareholders in the Geo, Robertson Co. Limited was held to-day to consider the proposal of winding up the company. A resolution was passed for winding up die present company, and another resolution was passed dis posing of the business to Geo. Hobertson at £1 a share and Is. added. The-vital statistics of Melboure and suburbs was published in the Gazette to- night. The estimated population of the district, having a radius of ten miles from the post office, is 322.069. The following acceptances were re ceived for Elstenwick Park-Cup, Grace Darling, The Ghost, Ironmaster, Amelia, Victor, Meteor, Alphabet, Laviogtan, Salvo, Copeman, Lara, Louisa, Zealour, ; Hemmner, Babicil, Johanna, Mentmore, j Miles. 