CHAPTER XI. SENTENCED TO DEATH. Three clays after the before-mentioned occurrence, Rabbi Gerson was arreated and thrown into a dungeon. That very day ho was arraigned before a tribunal, of which the eunuch John was tho president, while the other judges were John's eervile creatures. " You aroaccused," said John to the Rabbi, "of having stolen or appropriated for your own use three and a-half hundredweight of the silver that was furnished to you out of tho Imperial treasury. You have already partly admitted your guilt by refusing to toll tho Emperor how the throne could bo we'ghod, by declaring impudently that you did not know how it cub! bo dono." " And what makes j ou think that I did know 1" askod the Rabbi. "Because we have weighed tho throne just according to the method described by yourself. Wo took a ship, and noticed how much water she drew. Then wo put tho throne on board her, and noticed how much more water she drew Noxt wo removed tho throne and loaded the ship with s' ones until she sank to the previous watermark. Wo weighed tho atones, and thus ascertained tho woight of the throne. •And now we are in a position to prove to you that the weight of the throne is three-and-a-half ^hundredweight less than tho quantity of silver you received. Tell us, did we not proceed just as you told your wife ?" Rabbi Gorson turned as pale as a ghost. Melitta had betrayed him, his dear Melitta. His strength left him; his knees began to totter, his heart to beat slower. Ho tried to speak, but could not, his voice failed him ; a heavy sigh, a deep moan, was all that could be heard from him. "You do not answer," continued John, addressing tho Rabbi, "you acknowledge your guilt." "No," said Rabhi Gerson, when ho had somewhat recovered himself, " I am innocent. But beforo I defend myself, toll me what arlificea have you used with my wife to make her divulge my secret ?" At that moment Michael, tho Paphlagonian, walked up to the Rabbi and whispered to him : " Let 1110 toll you a socrot, Jow, which will make you choke. Your wife is my wifo. I knew her before you married her. A fortnight ago she became my sweotliOHi't." "You lio, fellow," cried Gorson, with indignation. "Iia I ha ! ha !" laughed Michael. "Tell mo, where have you got the Emperor's r.ng that was to protect you against evil ? When you took it off your finger she put it away. My sweet Melitta has given it to mo as tho pledge of herlovo. Ha ! ha 1 ha 1" Michael went away, but the Rabbi looked after him as if he was dreaming. Presently he fell helplessly to the ground. Restoratives were used, and in a short time Rabbi Gerson recovered consciousness. A fiendish smile played in John's face as he asked the Rabbi again : " You plead, then, guilty ?" "I do not," said the Rabbi, in a faint tone. "I have not com mitted tho crime with which I am charged. When I began the throne I said at once that it was impossible to prevent pilfering amoDgst the many assistants I required, and that a good deal of the silver would be lost by purifying the same." "If that is tho case," said John, "why did you refuse to tell the Emperor how the throne could be weighed ?" "Because X was afraid of my enemies, who wore jealous of my success." "Poor excuse. I consider the charge fully proved. Tho prisoner, will have to be sentenced to death." "I concur in that judgment," said one of tho judges. "And so do I," cried one after the other of the bench. "I shall, then, pronounce the sentence," replied John. "Gerson, the son of Judah, tne Frenchman, you shall bo hung by the neck till you are dead. Your body shall then remain 011 tho gallows until the birds of heaven have devoured your flesh, when your bones shall be buried in unconsi crated ground." The prisoner was then handcuffed and led back to tho prison. When John presented the death warrant to tho Emperor for his signature, Basil ordered that Gerson was not to die like a common criminal by tho hangman's hand, but like an officer of the State. The Emperor's intention in doing this was that Gerson, by means of the ring, might obtain pardon. For this reason I10 postponed the date for the execution from time to time. But tho Emperor waited in vain, tho ring was not prosented either by the Rabbi or his frionds. Indeed, Basil expressed surpriBO atthiS' Btrango neglect. "1 supposo the mean Jew has sold the ring," said John to the Emperor. " All tlio better. If this Jew had lived, who knows whether ho would not have built a similar throne for tho Emperor of Germany, or the Caliph. His death removes that danger." " I thought of that, too," replied tho Emperor. "Let him dio." He signed the warrant, and the sentence could not now be altered. (To be continued.) 