A CORAL ISLAND. People who have never seon any coral islandB lalk as if tliey all resemble an earthly Paradise. Prom Cape -Guardafui to Capo Leewtn, from Lisbon to Rio, one may pass without' meeting anything in the way of ccenery more solid than a rain cloud or a mountainous sea. Of late some steamers, both of the Royal Navy and of the Orient Line, touch at the soutboruinpst jjs'and of the Chagi a A- eliipelag", where a coaling station has been established, and, in spite of tlie difficulty which might be anticipated in making rin island in mid-ocenn, tho highest peak of which is only, seven feet above high wa'er, navigation Tias.bocn roduced to such a scientific curtairity that a steamer can itln in at Diego Garcia without deviating a mile from its set courie. Tho island is as nearly as possible .in the longitude of .Bombay, but more than seven degrees south of the Equator, It is thus sitna- tsd in one of the hottest plac s in tho world, being just on the edge of the comparatively temperate and cloudy belt which lies on either side of the line. Fierce sunshine alternated daily with, heavy, :showers, the temperature bet ween 80deg. and 90deg. all tho year round, equal day and night, or nearly so, all seasons almost a'ike/ /except .that there is a little more wind in June.than . in January — such is the climate. For "scenery there rire, the three million cocoa- nut palms and the varying blue of the inland B6i. There are no walks,- no roads, no towns, no sliopB no amusements. Early in the morning of the day on which the ateamer expects to " make Diego'" the passenger hears the unusual cry of ".Land iri sight 1" On the port bow he can liiake'.out, through a blinding Bhower/ what looks like the ghost of a waving wood, arid as the rain oleara .off and the equally blinding sunshine bursts forth, he describes a row of green palm trees, all inclined one way by the wind, growing from a green bank a . few feet only above the white breakers. These are the Six Islands. They lie in a ring, being linked together by roral reefs which approach the suriace of the sea, but do not rise above it. 'Though no oue inhabits them, each islet has its name ; Egmont, for instance, and L'Isle des Rats, and Bipallo, Lubioe, Carre-pate, ur Tattauiucca. A trading brig or two comes once or twice a year from Maruitins, and gathers a largs ca'gu of cocoa- nuts. The anchorage is good within the ring, aud the entrance, ou the western side, is about seven fathoms iit depth. A little further south is another . of these strange rings — scientific people- call them' " atolls " — the very dangerous Pitt Bank, which nowhere rises above high- watermark. A little further north there are some thirty islands, and at least an equal nutn- ' belt of .banks' and rucks and shoals and reefs, all of the same coral formation. - Here the prevail ing nomenclature is Spanish rather than French — Cbagus and Pcros Bsnlios, for example ; but English surveyors have ind entitled Speaker's Bank, Blenheim Reef, the - Gauges, tlie Ceu- turion, the Victory, the Eagle, and tlie Two Brothers, each probably named after the ship by which it was first visited, in some cases after the ship first wrecked'oii it. ' The Bridgewater Reef, fur years a terror to navigators, has lately proved not "to exist ; for volcanic actioD, and ither, causes which caunot be foreseen, so often affect the configuration of the ocean's bed in those latitudes. . In all the gcugraphical cbafacterislics are tbe , sauie. A ring of coral Burrounds a l.goon ; there is an entrance . at tbe north western side ; where ihe cnral is a foot or two above the tide a thick green rube of clematis rovers the white rock,- and tall palms fl ourish overhead. Outside the sea - is- in - most cases at Last 200 fathoms deep, and inside it varies from tli'r'e'e' fathoms iu eome atolls to tin almost un fathomable depth iu i- titers. Iu tho Pacific the iioijig or sinkiug of' atolls and other islands has long ifornied, a subject of careful observation.' The Fiji Islands, for example, are believed to be going.down in the world, not figuiaiively, but teally ; while the Hebrides are slowly going op. Diego Garcia is as good an example as can be' found of the "atoll " type. It is fully thirty miles in circuuiferenre. ,lf we could- imagine all the Isle of .Wight sunk;. in tho era except its randy beach wo. might foim some idea of Dieg>. It is a lake with a shore mid nothing else. The shore, : iri soriie places a few fiot, at oilnra a few- yards, but never su much as s quarler of a mile, : wide, is entiiely covered with treis. Tliey are chieily cocoariuts, iriit there are various kinds .of tiee ferns, and a few flowering shrubs,. Near: some of the houses of a few ireolc setilirs from Mauritius there are orange trees j- but the whole! produce of the island consists of c con-nuts, and litile else. One English lamily stationed lit Diego ilives on a little islet, .east of the entrance. It tains every, day. 'ihe mosquitoes me tin-' rqualSed for size arid ferocity. The only fund is! nil occasional frtsli fish, with tinned meat :nl 'vegetables from England. The stray visitor: gi et away dieeuciiauted wilii life on a coral island, and ready to' prefer the discurufoits of: civilisation. : . i .News. of a shocking case of cannibalism, iu: ""ivliicli nine nieri were devoured; comes from ihe TYrist 'coast of Africa. The affair occurred some 30 mileB up the Biass River. It seems that a' powerful prince called Allaeogha, when trading in a nalive village,' was shot at and .wounded in tlie shoulder. The assailant, who fired from; behind, a .tree, was traced toa village some miles . away, / He, however, could iit-t be found, and; . the, prince took as hostages' nine of ihe men -.from the village. At tho enlreaty of the king; of the village, whose name was Elifa, tlieprince ' promised' that no harm alu-uld be dune to the' mon if tlie nativo who wounded bim were given1 up. A few dayB nfterwards, boweve'r, lie :cbnngsd his iuind, and Killed all the men, rwiio , were afterwards cooked and eaten by the chiefs in' the locality. The prince wus always looked upon na a professing Christian, and is w-oll known: to the missionaries. 