AN " A T HOME." MRS. HIGGS, a rich widow, some three nights ago, Gave a splendid " At Home " to her friends in the Row; A few stars from the West, came to shine at her feast, Together with all the wise men from the East, The flower of each sex in Society's glare Assembled by wholesale in "just oyer there." From eight until ten at this Vanity's mart, Rolled on the thunders of carriage and cart; Mr. Dobbs came, on foot, Mr. Foot upon horse, And the two Misses Strutt in a carriage, of course, While Higgins and Wiggins, a notable pair, ^ Dashed up in a buggy to " 'just over there.'" The party assembled, confusion begins ; " Excuse me, good sir, but you're kicking my shins,' " So poor Jenny Dawson has lost her mama?" " There's Billy, good gracious ! how like his papa!" " Is this here Mrs. Higgs, madam ?" " No, sir. That ere." " To the right's our good lady of ' just over there!' While thus the young folks tattled on tete-a-tete, The elders sat down 'o a game of piquet; There was old Mrs. W ite, the cheesemonger's lady, Miss Snacks, Mr. Dobbs, and Sir Jenkins O'Grady, All silent and solemn, in short, you'd declare, They drove from a dungeon to " just, over there." But hark ! the clock strikes, and, like sheep to the fold, Down rush to their supper the young and tlie old — Mrs. Higgs led the way followed close by Miss Poole, Hanging light on the arm of Sir Phelim O'Toole, Who whispered soft vows in her ear till you'd swear He was Cupid transplanted to u just over there." How swift from the dish flew each turkey away, Iiow faded each tart like a ghost from the play ; One moment in splendour an apple pie shone, The next both the pie and the apples were gone ; Fowl, cutlet, and custard all vanished in air- So much for the magic of " just over there." The supper concluded, Sir Phelim O'Toole, Quitting (faithless apostate) the side of Miss Poole, Bridled up to the hostess, and looking her through With his only black eye,that did business for two, Heaved sighs from a heart which seemed broken by care- What a sight for the widow of " just over there." Surprised, she looked up, as he slowly drew nigh, And caught the fond glance of his jolly black eye ; She strove hard to flush, but her cheek was o'erspread With a yellow suffusion in lieu of a red ; Yet in spite of this failure she cried, with a stare, " Welcome, Sir Phelim, to ' just over there.'" Then she drank to his health till the party broke up, With a drop in her eye like the drop in her cup, And ere the next sun gilt the church of St. Died, The newspaper columns announced far and wide That Sir Phelim O'Toole, from the town of Clontaire, Had espoused the rich widow of " just over there." 