traveller. Three Weeks in Southland, N.Z. ? BY FFIANK MOBEKY. From Kingston to Queenstown the scenery Is comparatively tame for Lake Wakatip; although, if the tourist were to limit his excursion to Queenstown, he would probably be under the impression that the gorges and mountains that he passed in review as the little Mountaineer steamed on its way were toleraMespeoimens of nature under difficulties. Every quarter of a mile or so a miniature cascade irould come tumbling down from the mountains, and some of them never reached the Lake at all but were frozen in their coarse, and remained hanging like a diver thread partlylost amid the dense growth of cabbage pahn^, ferns, and scrub, iiinch clothed thewestern Blope of the moun-. tains from the water's edge. Although Tennyson, so far as I know, never visited Lake Wakatip,^e has described flte appearance,of those tiny rivulets to perfection intheliotos Eaters-^ * lake a silver thread the slender stream ( SoWl, «nd pause, and fall again did seem." Abojlt half-way between Kingston and Queenstown the river Lochy comes tumbling down a gloomy gorge, guarded by two snow-capped mountains, which stand like sentinels watching the river as it rushes over its shingly bed to mingle its waters with the mighty Wakatip. This is called Half-way Bay—a very prosaic name-for the first romantic spot which greets the traveller on his way to the more gorgeous scenery at the head of the lake. In the meantime the little Mountaineer is steaming along past the snow-capped mountains which appear to close in behind her, and in front present an impenetrable wall, where " Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps arise!" until the very grandeur of the scene becomes' monotonous, and I descend into the little cabin,' where I find my commercial friend eo'rind asleep over a yellow back novel, on the crimson cushions of the cosy little saloon. I also endeavor to become interested in a French novel which I had picked up promiscuously in a Sydney book-stall; and if the novel was not quite so enthralling as the title of " La Femme de Cire " would lead one to expect, it was certainly amusing to read a Frenchman's opinions of the " ladies and gentleman New-Yorkmis," which were perhaps more original than correct. According to this veracious Frenchman the average " gentleman New-Yorltais " marries one week and is divorced the next. His life is a choice mixture of true religion and brandy cock-tails, tempered " avec le revolver." The hero of this choice specimen of Gaelic literature is one James Gobson, who in the opening chapter playfully knocks one of his life's teeth out' and artistically cuts off her left ear. He then disappears into the Bocky mountains, from whence he despatches a band of Bed Indians, who capturc his wife from the centre of a circle of admiring friends who, at her izlvitation, are enjoying the delights of " ten bal masquS!" The body of a woman is subsequently found floating in the river, and is identified as Miss IdaBickard (otherwise Mrs. Gobson). By the way, Mrs. Gobson is always called Miss Ida, which is an additional proof of the author's familiarity with American maimers and customs. James Gobson is suspected of being the murderer of his wife, whose supposed body has . been identified; and he is about to be arrested when he coolly walks into the detective office with a cigar in Ms mouth. In spite of his assertions that Ida Biokard is still alive, he is about tobe : hahged, to the great satisfaction crf . a Tankee mob. whoare yelling ior his Bickard are as much ifi^^-^Qatiu^^BS' Poiripey; and thenew-oomer is also minus tooth and an ear in a precisely similar manner to the corpse. The Supposed murderer, James G-obson, is now released amid the enthusiastic acclamation of the mob which L only five minutes before, was howling for bis blood. Then the divorced Mr. and Mrs, Gobson are re-married, and the presumption is that the playful Gobson will now proceed to cut off his wife's other ear and knock out another tooth or so, in the' accustomed manner of the " gentlemen New-Yoriais." But a pretematuraUy acute detective, William Dow, still persists in believing that James Gobson has killed his wife ; so he has a cast of the dead Ida Bickard taken in wax; and this "Femme.de Cire" playis a very im portant part in unravelling the mysteries of the rather ghastly story. It appears that James Gobson, who must have been a ray nice man for a small tea-party, had killed his wife, and married his deceased wife's sister. Then he had cut off his deceased wife's sister's car, and knocked out one of his deceased wife's sister's teeth in order to make the re Semblance of the twin sisters more exact. Then he re-marries his deceased wife's sister, pretending that she is his deceased wife, whom he thus praotically demonstrates not to be deceased at all. In the long run, of course, James Gobson is hanged; but it would have been much better if he had been hanged in the first chapter, both for the writer and reader of this remarkable novels But while my friend the commercial is snoring on one side of the little saloon, and I am trying to become interested in thiB gory tragedy on the other, the Mountaineer is speeding on her way to Queenstown, and from the little windows of the saloon I can see that we are still passing gloomy gorges and snow-capped mountains, which appear to be getting wilder and more rugged the further we proceed. We reach Queenstown about 4 o'clock, and a most charming little hamlet itiooks with the little white nouses, putting one in mind of a township of Liliput, on the shores of a perfect little miniature bay, backed by mountains of brobdingnagian pro portions. As our steamer slowly made for the little jetty we had time to take a good view of the little town and its surroundings before getting too close to lose the effect of the scene as a whole. To our right, as we steamed in, was a sort of little peninsula, planted with blue gums— a tree which seems to flourish better in New Zealand than in Australia; and, indeed, I question whether the Tasmanian blue gum is not quite as much at htfme in New Zealand as in its native island. As we stand on the deck of the steamer and look over the little peninsula which helpB to form the little bay, our view is stopped by a rugged mountain mass which shoots straight up from the water, and looks like a gigantic cross-cut saw with teeth 6,000 feet nigh, pointing skyward, and over which some playful Titans had scattered flour in sport. These are " the Bemarkable Mountains;" but why they should be more remarkable than the ten thousand other mountains which are visible at the same time, it is hard to say. They are certainly rugged and steep, and razor backed ; with angry looking black teeth jutting out of the pure white snow which vainly tries to cling to the smooth, shining surface, springing up almost perpendicularly until lost in the clouds and mists. They are old and haggard looking ; scarred and seamed, and torn with the storms and tempests, and frosts of ten million years or more; but they are no more remarkable than any one, or any ten thousand other mountains which crowd and jostle each other for standing room around Lake Wakatip. By this time we are at the Queenstown wharf, and a large proportion of the inhabitants of Queenstown, in the shape of two men and a boy, are there to witness our'disembarkation. Half of the entire passenger list of the Mountaineer, from Kingston to QueenBtown, leave the steamer at the latter port, when my friend the Commercial stepe, on shore. He is bound for the Arrow, a mining township about flfteen miles further on, and the centre of a considerable diggings, about which the name of the Shotover recalls familiar recollections. But before he goes we adjourn to Eichardt's hotel, where we drink our first whisky sinoe leaving the Elbow. The hospitable and motherly landlady welcomes my travelling companion as an old acquaintance; and as I have only a limited time at my command, she advises me to go on by the boat to the head of the Lake, and return to Queenstown by the Sarah-Jane, another of the Wakatip steamboats. At 5 o'clock, then, the third whistle of the Mountaineer (which, by the way, sounds more like a fog-horn) breaks the silence, and reverberates from the hills, and advises all passengers to embark. It waB nearly dark when we backed away from the Queenstown wharf,. The mists were gathering thick upon the mountains; and these snow-draped giants looked like so many ghosts brooding over some blaok tarn in a gigantic spirit land. Now we are swallowed up in the darkness, and the last lights of. Queenstown have disappeared. With nothing visible but the inky black water, of which one is only conscious by the perception of an added blackness, and an occasional glimpse of a ghostly something on our right, which, disappearing sternward, we presume to be the rooky shore of the lake within reach, almost, of an outstretched hand; while high above pur head, and apparently overarching the lake, and reaching out to meet each other in the gloom, are huge masses of darkness visible; these weinstinotively accept as the mountains everlastingly towering to the sky, and now only viable because more blackly invisible than the murky vault above them. In such a scene as this it must have been that Edgar Allen Poe conceived his mystical poem, Ulalume:— " The skies they were ashen and sober; The leaves they were crisp&d; and sere— The leaves they were withering and sere; It was night in the lonesome October Of my most immemorial year. It was hard by the dim lake of Auber, In the misty mid region of Weir— It was down by the dark tarn of Auber, In the ghoul- hauntejJ, woodland of Weir." In such a scene as this the poet Wandered " through an alley Titanic of cypress " with Psyche his soul; But it .requires the soul of a poet to extract the hidden beauties of such a scene as this. Hidden they are indeed; for there is absolutely nothing but darkness visible, unless what may be visible " to the mind's eye, Horatio. 1 ' But here comes the captain, who, up to this point, has been upon the bridge, and we get into conversation about things in general and Lake Navigation in particular. The ship's certificate, hanging at the head of the companion-way, gives us the following information about our captain and his Name of the steamer: Mountaineer. Port of registry: Dunedin. Name of master: Edward Thomas Wing. Begistered tonnage: 66. And I may as well acknowledge at once that I was very much exercised 'in' my mind as td.the reason why such a good seaman who, like Captain Corcoran, has " sailed the ocean blue;" and who, moreover, is a genial, worthy gentleman, should be content to navigate Lake Wakatip in a toy steamer. But Captain Thomas Wing knows what he is about, and doubtless he has good and potent reasons for sticking to a post which is certainly less profitable than others that he might easily aspire to. It is not to be supposed that navigating Lake Wakatip is less difficult than intercolonial navigation. Under certain conditions, I,should think it would be much more hazardous. Here, we are now steaming along full speed in pitchy darkness without a solitary light or land mark visible. On .our right is a rocky wall plunging down into unfathomable depths. We cannot see the rocky shore, but we know, or at least suppose, it is within say four hundred yards of our .starboard bow. Qn our left is^gfl^^c^wa^tMi^^fr^^aally constantlyslteringtheir position in accordance, with the serpentine twi^ts of the lake—oi rather the lake altera to i&uic; their contortions. Bight in front of; as, and stretching across the lake from wall] to wall— we cannot say from shore to shore, jis there is practically no shore—are a series of- rooky islands, through which, in the blickness of darkness, the captain, by some sort of blood instinct or inspiration, has to thread his way,_ Ocean navigation is mere child's play to this. Here, ten minutes' steaming in wrong direction, or past a certain point (which point in the darkness can only be guessed at), and the vessel is hurled upon wall of rock; and if she were the Great Eastern herself she would be swallowed up and leave not a ripple on the surface in less than five minutes. There, out in the high seas, if the captain is dubious of his position, be can turn his vessel's head towards the South Pole, or wherever he likes ihto illimi tible waters,, and steam away with safety until daylight. (To be continued.) 