ldCIIOES OF MELLBOURNE. [BY Tuc Gnosr.] The war fever or craze--call it which you will--has abated somewhat in viru lence, and people are beginning to count the cost of their patriotism. It now seems as if. both the colonies and the mother country have acted somewhat precipitately, the latter in accepting and the former in tendering volunteers for the Soudan. The offer of New South Wales was so sudden and so unexpected that the home authorities had little time for reflection, and acting on the spur of the moment accepted the 'tender of the sister colony. Now, however, that they have had the opportuuityof "thinking out" the matter, they see the situation in all its aspects, and are, to some extent, re tracing their steps. Having accepted the offer of Neow Soutlh Wales; they can hardly, without appearing to slight the other colonies, refuse their proffered aid. Wisely deeming that "sdmething may turn up" during the next few months to relieve them of their present difficulties, the Gladstone Ministry have, true to their I half-hearted policy, solved the difficulty by accepting the proffered services of Victoria, South Australia, and New Zealand, "if required for the autumn campaign:" What events miy happen before the termination of the fast approaching Soudanese summer it is I hard to say. The Mahdi may die, or be killed by his followers, or an English bullet; or, what is still more probable, Messrs. Gladstone and Co. may no longer rule the destinies of the Empire, and the duty of pacifying Upper Egypt and quell ing the rebellion may thus devolve upon their successors. Apres nous Ic deluge is evidently the motto of the Grand Old Man and his colleagues. The postponement of the acceptance of the Victorian offer' has been a veritable God-send to lots of people. Mr. Service must be delighted at not having to call the Legislature together to ask them to ratify his hasty action; then some of the wealthy ones who, in the first burst of their enthu siasm opened their purses and promised large sums for indefinite periods, will be delighted to find there is no chance of their bank balances being diminished, and then the warlike gentlemen who responded so briskly to the call to arms will not be very much disappointed when they learn that they will not be required-if wanted at all-for at least six months. At the expiration of that period the military ardour of not a few of those who have handed in their names as ready to proceed to the seat of war will have materially cooled down, and the majority of the would-be heroes will be in the position of the individual described by a doggerel rhymster who tells nis There was a Victorian young man, Who volunteered for the Soudan, But who when called on to go lReplied "Oh I Daar me, no ; I really don't feel that I can I" And more delighted at the turn events have taken than all these will be the militia officers, who, without feeling any warlike promptings at all, yet deemed it incumbent upon themselves to offer their services. They will be able to sport their cheaply- earned laurels, and pose as saviours of their country, without having had their nostrils offended by the smell of "vil lainous saltpetre." If the Victorian offer to send a contingent to the Soudan had been unconditionally accepted, some "awk wardness" might have arisen in regard to ,the conduct of some of the pro minent members of the "Liberal" party. Messrs. Berry and Tucker would havefound themselves placed in the position of apolo gists for Mr. Service's conduct, which would most assuredly have been most ad versely criticised by the Opposition-com posed for the greater part of Liberal Adul lamites, gentlemen who think they should have been Ministers but are not, and aspirants for seats on the Treasury benches. Then, Colonel W. C. Smith, the Parliamentary representative of Bal- larat, would, as one of the first officers who had expressed his readiness to volunteer for active service, have been com pelled to support the Ministry, and thus have lost the favourable opportunity for which he is so anxious, to displace the pre sent Government. Our colonial jingoes would also have been placed in an un- pleasant predicament. They would have 'been compelled to desert the standard of Mr. Service, or risk the displeasure of their constituents, who, by the time the next election comes round, in February, 1888, would have had time to reckon the cost of Victorian patriotism, and might have grown critical as to the "little bill" to be paid. There are a lot of practicable 1 people who have Parliamentary votes, who prefer water-works, or a railway, or dimi nished grain freights, or a local town hall or Police Court, to any amount of military glory, achieved by others, and who would have looked upon any "war expenditure" as money wasted. Love of self is with this class of persons paramount to love of country, and they are no more capable of making any sacrifice for "a sentiment" than is an oyster. Some of them indeed might not be even inclined to go as far as the patriotic American of one of the stories of Artemus Ward, who, when asked what he would do for love of his country, expressed himself " ready to sacrifice his mother-in law and all his wife's relations" on the altar of duty. The knowledge that num bers of the electors think the Australian offers of help to the mother country un called for and quixotic will act as a severe damper upon the patriotic orations de livered when Parliament meets. However much opinion may be divided. let it be hoped, for the credit of Austra lasia, that the Beechworth Australian Natives Association does not truly repre sent colonial feeling on the matter. The young gentlemen who compose the Society lately met, and passed a resolution affirm ing that the struggle and wars of the mother country were "no concern of theirs." Fortunately these degenerate scions of the Anglo-Saxon race are not numerous in Victoria, and their action has been in a measure atoned for by the patriotic utterances of other kindred societies. If they are not dead to all sense of honour, and as capable of feeling shame for their utterances, how they must blush at the thought thata Chinaman, Mr Quong Tart, has come forward wheare they held back, and that a heathen alien has proved himself a better Englishlman than they. ie proffered tea to the troops for the Soudan; the " Beechworth natives" en deavoured to throw cold water upon them. Fie upon unworthy Beechworth ? It is perhaps in order to show how re pugnant to our national feeling is Proud hon's assertion la propriete c'est le vol that English judges visit offences against pro perty, with far greater severity than of fences against the person. A notable iu bUtacee of this bent of the Britilsh judicimll mind occurred a few days ago at the Geelonmg Assizes, presided over by Mr. Justice Holroyd. A defaulting bank man ager received a sentence of twro years' im prisonment, with hard labour, for embezzling the sum of £180 from the bank, while a brutal lhusband who killed hlis wife during an outbreak of drunken frenzy, was only sentenced to 18 months' incarcroation. A simple sum in proportion enables us to arrive by this means at the exact value placed upon a woman's life by I the judiciary-provided always that the \- punishment awarded is in all cass adequate a to the offence. The penalty for killing a wife is fixed at 25 per cont. less than that for embezzling £180 --crgo, a woman's lifo is worth £180, less £45, or £135. Q.E.D. hIusbands desirous of dissolving the martial Stie in a summary way, without the intr Svontion of the Divorce Court, can, now that the tariff hls been arzthoritatively fixed, \- reckon beforehand what the luxury of Sknocking out their wife's brains will cost. Ne autor ultra crepidam is an axiom Swhich others besides tihe bootmunaking fra y ternity would do well to lay to heart. Mr. k Justice Willimams has of late alpparently d abandoned the law for the purpose of attacking the prophlets, and has rushed into print and a theological discussion. He has completely cast the " Unitarian " lYcturc, delivered by his colleague, Mr. Justice IIiginbotham, into the shade, for whereas the latter learned gentleman, in his celebrated lecture, delivered in the Scots Church, only attacked the dcctrine of the atonement, Judge Williams asserta that the Trinity, the Deity of Jesus, the Incarnation, the Advent, and the inspira tion of the Bible are " mere crude super stitions." Mlr. Hartley Williams owes his position on thd Benob to his success as a "special pleader." It is oeteemely doubl ful if his work entitled " Religion Without superstition," which, by the way, isa mefe boil down of the work of Mr. Strange, of the Madras High Court, and Max Muller, will have the effect contemplated by the author of replacing Christianity by a " pure theism. ' 